Nov 2 2009 	Horrible Service!!!	It took us forever to find the hotel itself, since it is on a very small side street. Many taxi cab drivers didn't even know where it was. At first we loved the hotel, we had a lovely welcomed and were up graded for free. We spent over $900 in this hotel for four nights. You are charged extra for house keeping, look at your bill carefully. But house keeping never came. We left the hotel room in a reasonable conition; a couple of beer bottels, un-made beds, full trash bins since they were never emptied. After leaving we were charged an ADDITIONAL $350 for house keeping. BEWARE all they want is your money and will find ANYTHING to charge you extra. When calling the hotel to inquire about the extra charge I was told 'I do not have time to listen to your complaint' and was hung up on, THREE times!!! I have finally found out that they charged me to wash linens. At first glance, you will think you are getting an awsome deal, but unless your cleaning the room yourself, you really arent.	
Oct 16 2009 	Definitely not the best place to stay for a BRIGHT and HAPPY vacation in Montreal!	One thing is for certain, I definitely won't be going back here, as this place is not the place to stay on a honeymoon or vacation!The hotel was a real challenge trying to find the street it was located on. The street itself, right away sent off bad vibes as there was a lot of closed up shops and run down fixtures (not a place to be walking around in the middle of the night!).The underground parking was full when we arrived so my car had to sit in a small 6 spot lot that was outside next to the building. It's a good thing I have a small car and I am good at driving in reverse, as well as parallel parking or I would have been out of luck getting in that lot.The room my wife and I got was on the third floor. This hotel has two elevators, one is VERY large and the other is VERY small. So if you happen to have a cart full of luggage you are out of luck if you get the small elevator! Our first impression of the room was most definitely NOT what we saw on its website. The rooms are very dark and 'sad', and the walls kind of lead you to believe you are in a basement. After being in the room for a few minutes, you could sense a lingering scent...perhaps mold?...though I certainly hope it wasn't that. We had to go and get our room switched but they wanted to charge us extra for a 'better' room. We told them we would be leaving the next morning instead of staying all 3 nights to go to a different hotel. The staff then offered us the 'better' room at no extra charge in desperation to keep us there for the full 3 nights. The 'better' room seemed to have newer furniture but thats about it... and they tell you the beds are queen, but they are clearly double beds. The wireless internet is only available in half the building, but there is wired everywhere else (bring your own internet cable!). Though our new room was a little nicer than the last, the view out the window made up for it...run down alley way with small private parking for the backing lots as well as a mess of construction in the property next door. The rooms are not that quiet... I instinctively whispered while we were there because we could hear noises in the next room, people in the hallway opening and slamming doors, and of course, the construction happening outside. I didn't really get a good night's sleep as I woke up to a stuffed up nose and sneezing in the morning.This hotel is advertised as a NON-Smoking hotel and there are also signs in the building that say 'no smoking' but the hallway on our floor had a very strong smell of cigarette smoke which sent me into a sneezing fit on the elevator and gave my wife a headache.The breakfast was...OK... nothing too special, but it did have a free hot buffet. The eggs... i don't know if they were half cooked or what, but they certainly weren't your traditional scrambled eggs... The bakery selection they had looked good but a lot of it was dried out. The only fruits I saw offered was fruit salad which had that familiar taste that it came out of a can. No bacon though... I don't know any other hotel that doesn't serve bacon with the eggs at a buffet!Don't book the 2.5 star hotel through Hotwire in downtown Montreal or you might make the same mistake we did! We did not stay the full 3 nights and ended up leaving the morning after we arrived. Hotwire was very helpful in resloving this issue and got us situated in a much nicer and cleaner hotel.	
Oct 14 2009 	Mediocre hotel in poor location	I really don't understand why so many people gave a good grade to this hotel. The location is central but the street is little trashy and the neighbourhood is safe but not nice (sex bars and movies...). I would not bring my children there!The room was small but correct and clean. No charm and cheap materials but just ok.The breakfast was very mediocre. Employees were nice though (canadian).For the price we paid (US $105 per night + Can $15 parking), we were desappointed!	
Oct 9 2009 	Never underestimate free breakfast!	Hotel was very clean. For the price we paid which was around 120.00 it was great deal. Our room was basic, no frills here but was spacious enough and included a kitchenette in which we were able to make lunch and one dinner during our stay. There is a IGA grocery store about a block away. With children it is always great to have a place to put the milk. Breakfast included hot options such as eggs, hash browns, and beans. I rwill never underestimate free breakfast again. It saves not only money but site seeing time as well. I wouldn't understand this until we drove up to Quebec City and spent 30 dollars and an hour of time on breakfast every day. The alley is alittle sketchy however there are lighted parking lots that stradle either side of the hotel. We would cut across those instead of walking down the alley at night. I used the metro station which was at the end of the street with no problems. Supoer convienent. Overall this is a hip area with a mostly young crowd. I would recommend this hotel for people in there 20s and 30s who want to be close to the nightlife. Overall we had a great experience	
Sep 8 2009 	A perfectly lovely experience . . .	I came for the music festival &quot;Red Hot and Blue&quot; Rockabilly&quot; weekender, which was awesome (@Lion D'ior)! I stayed at Les Suites La Belle. The room was splendid and cozy as well as quiet. It was not large but not too small! Some reviews worried me on this account; I've stayed at smaller in Chicago! The kitchenette was handy and cool ALTHO there is so much food in the neighborhood (even late at night) I only used it a bit. I enjoyed the breakfast. It went from 7 AM to 11 AM, which was nice for a late riser such as myself! The staff was pleasant and always helpful. The neighborhood is fantastic; rue la belle is just off rue ST Catherine where there is so much to see and do. Art installations and live multi-media events were happening SAT night, as well as wonderful street musicians.	
Sep 6 2009 	Nice price good location	Suites Labelle is a comfortable and very convenient hotel.This is not a palace, but you get comfortable and clean rooms, with aircon, TV, equipped with a small kitchen (dishes, fridge, microwave, etc) which can be usefull. They provide free Internet access (wired, if you don't have your cable, you can borrow one from the reception).Breakfast is included, with both hot (eggs, sausages, beans) and cold (bread, croissants) food, juices, etc... I found the location very convenient, as you are at the beginning of Rue StCatherine East, 2 minutes from the Metro, 5 minutes from the long-distance bus station (yes the street Labelle itself seems abandonned, but nothing to worry about).Definitely an excellent quality/price ratio.	
Sep 4 2009 	perfect for me in every way	I booked my flight and hotel through Travelocity and got a very good rate.The location is ideal: within easy walking distance of downtown, Old Montreal, the Village, and Chinatown, and just a block from the largest Metro station in Montreal.The decor is utilitarian and efficient, not elegant.The room was perfectly clean, the bed comfortable, and I never heard a sound from another room. Double windows kept out most of the street noise, which was minor anyway. The kitchenette would have been useful if I'd wanted to eat in.All the staff I encountered at the front desk are bilingual (French and English) and helpful.The complimentary breakfast was excellent.Free internet in the lobby.	
Jul 12 2009 	An unexpected pleasure -- a great stay for cheap!	My wife and I stayed here for three nights during our visit to Montreal. We'd spent an additional two nights at Hotel XIXe Siecle in Vieux Montreal prior to this.We found our room to be very pleasant. It was actually furnished with a fully equipped kitchen area outside of the usual amenities, which would be great for lengthy visits. Wireless internet is not available outside the ground floor, however, if you ask the front desk for a cable, you can have a wired high-speed internet connection in your room. TV reception was a little fuzzy, but we didn't watch much. Staff is very friendly and helpful. It seemed that someone was always at the front desk.Parking is underground, unless you have an SUV like we did. You will then be asked to park outside the hotel in a lot for C$15/day. Our car was fine for the length of the trip. We also had breakfast free as part of our stay. It's actually a decent selection. Just don't expect gourmet chefs whipping you up omelettes.So the surroundings seem to be the thing that this place has going against it. The street doesn't look great, and there's a construction spot down the road. It's also a one-way street, and the only way to access the hotel is by making a right from Rue St Catherine or cutting across a parking lot.But if you're willing to look past this first impression, you'll find that Les Suites Labelle is in a great spot for a walking tourist. You're less than 5 minutes away from a big metro station (Berri/UQAM). You're even about a 20 minute walk from the Promenade and Vieux Montreal. Also, you're very close to a number of the most interesting streets downtown if you want to look around. Don't hesitate to walk or use the Metro -- it feels like the best way to get around. Highly recommended if you're looking to save some cash and want a decent place to crawl into bed after exploring Montreal.	
Jul 11 2009 	Good value	The rooms were spacious, quiet, with a kitchenette that was well equiped for preparing food in the room. A good breakfast was included. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was very clean and spacious. The location is good in that it is near the metro, restaurants and walkable to old Montreal. In the area there are some dodgy characters around but nothing to be worried about and the streets about have ' an atmosphere'. I recommend renting the new bikes available from the numerous bike stands around the city. Overall I think the hotel is very good value and I would stay there again.	
Jul 7 2009 	very convenient location and helpful sfaff	Comfortable, quiet (at least the top floor) rooms with kitchen amenities, walking distance to both the old city and the university area with plentiful nightlife. The staff was very accommodating and even assisted us with finding some quality beer bars in the area (which we didn't need much help with because of the free internet at our disposal in the lobby). The apparent sketchiness of the nearby St-Cathernines area did not bother us. Worth the value if booked on any discount hotel website.	
Jun 26 2009 	Was OK	The service in Canada is not as good as in US, but people were friendly. For the price the hotel was what I would expect: an OK.	
Apr 20 2009	How much time do you spend in the immediate neighborhood anyway?	OK, location not so hot, but as my title says, how much time do you really spend in the immediate area anyway? Location in terms of access to restaurants, Metro, etc... was great actually. Just not too thrilled with the homeless people begging and the sex shops nearby (my 12 y.o. got a good education!). Room was great, kitchen area very nice (no dishwasher and $25 bill if you leave dishes. Soap, sponge and distowels provided). Workout area lame, as someone mentioned. I was Ok with my 12 y.o., not so good for families with younger kids-maybe too much for teenagers? Parking an extra $15. Metro cheap and so much easier, so we were fine with leaving our car parked. We were out most of the time, stopped by the room for a snack, off again, etc.. so the location was not an issue for us, but I can understand how it may be for others. We plan to return.	
Feb 22 2009 	Poor Location	The good - hotel was clean and service and assistance for suggestions could be better. The bad - location was questionable to say the least. The hotel is located in the middle of a street that has shops that have closed down on either side. The street is quite dirty, its the type of street that if you were to walk down it you would wonder if there are any business open on that street. The buildings located next to the hotel had sheets and other things hanging from the window's on the second floor. Across is a parking lot that does not look like is used very often. The street is not lit very well so it is recommended that you walk in the middle of the street late at night, don't worry about car's driving through, the street is not busy at all in fact I think the only car that drove on this road was a taxi to either drop off or pick up from the hotel. Also, the mattress in the room looked very tired and could do with a change. It was obvious that this room had alot of single sleepers because of the natural dip into the middle of the bed, also the mattress had no support. There is a Days Inn a few blocks down which I would suggest highly based purely on location. The offered complimentary internet but it kept on freezing and crashing on us. We called the front desk to ask about why this was happening, he had no idea.	
Jan 21 2009 	Excellent in all respects	The hotel lists 5 types of accommodation - one or two bed standard rooms, superior rooms, and junior and executive suites. Our travelocity deal was for the standard room with two beds, which looked very large to me, including the ample, well-stocked kitchenette and spacious bathroom. We were a family of 4 adults, and I had mistakenly reserved only one room instead of two. I asked for an additional cot, but was told that our room was considered too small for it, so we were upgraded to a superior room. This room was huge, and the cot fit in easily. It and the beds were quite comfortable (I tried both on different nights). The upgrade and cot, together, cost an additional 35 CAD per night, which I thought was quite reasonable. We stayed January 14-17, during a cold snap. The temperature was about -10 F. the entire time, but we stayed comfortable. Because of the temperatures, we spent more time in the room than we might have otherwise, preparing three meals there, and it was quite comfortable for the four of us. When we did venture outside, we were fortunate that the Metro station was only about 200 yards away. It is a principal junction, so we could take either line that we needed. Also, there is a large, warm underground shopping area at this station - though we found the shops, restaurants, and bars above ground, on St. Denis, more to our liking. Everything about the hotel was excellent. It was inaugurated in 2005. I am not sure that the building is that new, but nothing seemed old or in need of repair. With St. Denis a 5-minute walk, who needs frills? We had a wonderful time.	
Dec 1 2008 	What an unexpected pleasure!	Found this hotel on Orbitz. When asked to enter a Promotion Code I googled and found found 75.00 off and also free parking. Free breakfast was also included. This hotel was very clean, well staffed, and provided a great breakfast. It was located in a great spot. The Metro was almost right out the door, and the village where it is located in was great. The city of Montreal is a wonderful place. It felt like I went to Paris, yet we drove!	
Nov 2 2008 	worth it	my stay at les suites labelle hotel, was very niceI went there for a gilfriends gatewayfirst all the staff were very nice and helpfull, the room was clean, the breakfast was various and good, plus the guy at the breakfast was super hot, and sexy we asked him his name and said (Maxime). ill go back to that hotel just to see him again, hope hes still working there. anyways i enjoyed my trip alot, specially the breakfast with that guy. soo dont forget to see him and if you do talk to him about me, my name is tania.dont hesitate to book with this hotel, it it worth the price, cause the room are pretty goood and big enought, plus its close to everything ( 15 mins walking from downtown).	
Oct 6 2008 	Pretty good	Staff were helpful, breakfast was acceptable (but not great), location was a bit out of town, but was close to a metro station, and a 30 minute stroll to everywhere by foot.Room was ok, the hallway did have a bit of weird smell, but was not noticable in the room.Internet access was available via a wired connection, patch cable supplied at the front desk - which was quite good (i wasnt expectating it for the price we were paying)On the whole, we thought this place was quite good for the price. We were worried by another review which stated there was prosititues and drug dealers on the street, but we saw none of this. At least no more than the homeless we saw elsewhere in montreal.The other thing worth mentioning is about montreal in general... unless your an artsy-fartsy type person that likes modern &quot;art&quot; that looks like its been pained by a 3-legged dog while stoned... montreal probably wont be a place for you. If you are artsy-fartsy.... and asthentics etc instead of fucntionality are important to you - then this hotel might not be for you	
Oct 5 2008 	Good value for money	If you are looking for good value for a stay in Montreal - I definately would recommend this hotel. The suite was roomy enough, the bathrooms were very spacious and clean. It must have just undergone renovations because everything looked so new and clean. The location is good - the street it self looks a bit rough - but it is very close to St. Catherine Street. Even though the rooms all have full kitchettes - breakfast is inlcuded in the price! Breakfast was definately NOT fancy - but fast and conveinient. Parking is also in the building for an extra fee. Although it is not luxury (the towels are really cheap) for Montreal - this is a good find and I would definately return to Les Suites Labelle.	
Sep 17 2008 	Basic hotel in a great location!	Great no-frills hotel in a fantastic location. Easy walk to Old Montreal to the waterfront, Notre Dame, and Rue de Saint Paul. On the other side, easy walk to Rue de Saint Dennis and train station. Very easy location to find taxis as well. Hotel rooms are clean have basic amenities - don't expect anything fancy or any bells and whistles. Rooms are adequate size if you don't plan on spending much time in the room. Daily breakfast is well worth it as well.	
Aug 19 2008	good value	We chose the hotel based mostly on price, secondly location. The room was large (with kitchenette/dining table), clean and the beds comfortable. The staff were friendly. Breakfast was good, with eggs, potatoes and sausage, as well as sweet rolls, cereal, fresh fruit and good coffee (the only drawback was that it was exactly the same every day).The neighborhood was a little seedy, but the hotel's only a block away from one of the main metro stations, which made getting around to different parts of town easy.	
Jul 14 2008 	Uncomfortable beds convenient location	We stayed at the Labelle for 2 nights in the beginning of July. The room we were given was on the first floor. The room had a very strong smell of cleaning detergents or air freshener and we could not get rid of it for the 2 days. The carpet had something sticky on it. The beds were very uncomfortable. The wired interned did not work as supposed to, but since we were on the first floor we were able to connect to the wireless and that was ok. The room had a stove top, microwave, coffee maker and a fridge. The fridge was the only appliance we used and it cooled things, but did not make ice. The staff was very friendly and helpful. It is located less than 1 block from the Berri-UQAM(sp?) metro station where you can take several different trains. The street on which the hotel was located was a bit on the scary site with smell of urine, etc.	
Jul 7 2008 	Not bad	Room was very clean, mini kitchen was a nice feature (fully stocked with pots, pans, dishes, etc.) though clean up after yourself or pay a charge of $25.00, bathroom was a nice size and very clean. The block this hotel is in looks a little sketchy, though we had no problems. Parking in the hotel ramp was no problem and the $15.00 additional per day was worth it for we didn't use the car once being so close to a main Metro stop. Nearby rue St. Catherine as chock full of various shops, restaraunts and bars and is closed to traffic during the Summer. A very nice experience!	
Jul 4 2008	Great Alternative	We stayed at Hotel Les Suites Labelle for 2 nights following our cruise from Ft. Lauderdale. We had spent a couple of nights at Le Square Phillips in October, 2006, before leaving on another cruise but this time we wanted something less expensive. We found the room and kitchenette to be spacious, clean and quiet. The included breakfast is tasty, wholesome and plentiful. While the immediate neighborhood is somewhat tacky with some porn and souvenir shops, we enjoyed the University of Quebec setting and eclectic populace. Most of the central city is within walking distance and the metro stop is within half a block of the hotel. The staff is friendly and accommodating but firm. They strictly enforce the no smoking rule with fines and while we were there, they expelled a group of young people who had caused a late night disturbance. We appreciated the &quot;no nonsense&quot; approach to decorum. The desk clerk Erick was particularly courteous and helpful when we arrived in mid-morning but equally firm in dealing with the disruptive guests. We were especially pleased to find the bus station was just a block away as we took the Greyhound to Burlington, VT for our rental car. We found Labelle to be a great alternative to the higher priced hotels in the city.	
Jun 21 2008 	Not bad	The area is a little shady, but close to the Metro, and stores.I stayed here during the Canadian Grand Prix, because it was the cheapest place I could find, close to the action. I still paid nearly $200/night. My friends stayed at the Marriott for close to $600/ night, since every city on the F1 calender screws the fans on hotel costs. Since I was alone it was not too bad. The hotel has been updated and was clean. The free breakfast was ok and the room was nice, but the bed was hard.The top floor has tables and a great view of the city where you can hang out outside and no one seemed to use it much.	
Jun 5 2008 	good bang for the buck	We stayed at this hotel for a week in september 2007. it is in a great location for the site seeker. very close to the main subway terminal and close to all sorts of emenities. I never saw too much in the way of vagrants like others have quoted here. but like any north american city you'll see them anywhere so I guess it wasn't all that shocking to me.It is clean, quiet, and comfortable. The breakfast was a continental breakfast and was great for someone who would be on the go. The kitchenette came in handy when we were too tired to go out to eat and the staff were very helpful and accomidating.I will stay there agin on my next visit to montreal.Glynn Morrissey, Clarkes Beach, Newfoundland	
Apr 25 2008	Had a good experience	Stayed Friday night through Sunday at hotel. Did not have to park because I came on a bus. I agree that when we pulled up to the hotel, we were like &quot;Yuck&quot; because it is in an area that looks pretty shady. Once we got checked in and in our room, we were pleasantly surprised. The room was clean, and the kitchenette was a nice feature (you have to clean all of your dishes or pay $25.....I wouldn't use them without washing them first because who knows how clean the people were before you!). We had the breakfast Sat and Sun morning, and I thought it was good. It was the same things each day, but it was included in the price of the room. I don't know if I would have paid for it or had it if it wasn't free. I would say it is a good deal for the price, but I agree with others I would not have brought my child to this area.	
Apr 20 2008 	Ok Hotel Pathetic Location.	The hotel room was ok for the money but the breakfast that was included was lousy. The location is downright sad. Prostitutes, drunks, bums and addicts riddled the streets and literally slept right outside our hotel. Their parking garage was full so we had to have our car outside exsposed to the criminal element which was in abundance. I literally feared going outside by myself as I think I would of been mugged. Our party was approached by prostitues for a &quot;good time&quot;. needless to say I was not impressed. if it was legal to carry guns here in Canada I would of defintely carried a piece when staying at this lousy hotel. I will NEVER return to this hotel ever again. I cannot say enough bad things about this hotels location.	
Oct 23 2007 	Surprisingly great room	My friends and I stayed at the Hotel Les Suites Labelle just over fall break and it was fantastic. Our suite room with kitchen was fully stocked. The room was very clean. The staff was incredibly friendly and gave advice on restaurants and nightlife areas. One staff member only gave me a pamphlet when I asked for advice, but otherwise they were all very helpful. The area can be considered to be a little dodgey, but even then we were within walking distance to clubs, shopping, restaurants. The gym was a bit subpar with just a treadmill, weight equipment, and two stationary bikes in a little room. There was a mounting for a hanging tv, but no tv. The hotel's amenities would be perfect if the mini gym was fixed up a bit more. But all in all it was great!	
Oct 7 2007 	Hotel okay... Hate the city	Ewww... so the hotel itself was not too bad, but it's location was another thing. We were sitting outside our first night smoking a cigarette and this guy asked us to use our lighter. We let him, not knowing he was going to light a crack pipe with it! He gave us the lighter back and then walked down the street smoking it. We threw the lighter away. The hotel itself is down a shady street that smells of piss. If you walk to the right is the gay village, and to the left is the shopping district. Homeless people everywhere and a lot of real shady characters. I was clutching my purse the whole time. Many of the people in the shops were quite rude to us (maybe because we were American?). Everything is very pricey, and unfortunately at the time of our trip the Canadian dollar was worth more than the US for the first time in like 30 years. I guess you'd be in paradise if you liked drugs and sex shops because there was certaintly a lot of this... not our thing. NEVER take children here, for the love of God.From what we saw Old Montreal wasn't anything special either, although we weren't here long because it was pouring rain. Very hard to drive around and find parking without paying a fortune. Got stuck behind some nasty looking horse drawn carriages going 5 mph.The parking garage at the hotel was insane. 15 dollars a day (and you definently don't want to leave your car on this street) and I have never seen a more narrow garage. One car can barely fit down and there are very sharp turns. You have to back up if there is another car trying to come down or up. It is frightening.We never ate the breakfast buffet. It's 7.50 a person. Actually, we only had one good meal in the city. It was at an Italian place called Guido and Angela. AWESOME pizza. Overall, the hotel rooms were okay and there was a terrace on the 9th floor you could overlook the disgusting city below. I will NEVER EVER go back to this city. Worst trip of my life.	
Sep 14 2007 	Nice accommodation at a great price - A++	We were two families (4 adults, 3 children) that stayed in the hotel for 3 nights ealier this week. Overall, excellent experience.1. Nice front desk crew2. Great location3. Reasonable price4. Clean rooms5. Good breakfast menu6. Very nice kitchen set and excellent amenitiesHighly Recommended!!Regards,Gowri, Voorhees NJ	
Sep 11 2007 	Terrible location	For the price stay somewhere else. A lot of drug usage on the street. Needles and garbage all over the street. I can not believe the review stating great for families!Whay are you thinking...Please do not bring children here.Room clean but oddly decorated. Bed uncomfortable. Breakfast a joke.	
Aug 30 2007 	Hotel is perfect but location is not for everyone	Everything worked smoothly with our hotel. We drove from NY and chose to park in the hotel's basement (15$/day), which was worth it because the hotel is located on a very empty street frequented by drug addicts (we witnessed a couple of young people smoking crack at a parking lot across the street in the middle of the day). The desk staff was very friendly and accomodating. The hotel is spotless and well maintained and feels safe inside. Our room was perfect if a bit dark, but there was a kitchenette with a mini fridge and our bed was comfortable. There is a gym on the 9th floor and breakfast is included in the rate. The location is very convenient: only two blocks from the gay village and a 5 minute walk from Old Montreal. There is a subway station one block away as well.The only downside is the street where the hotel is located. As I mentioned above, drug dealers hang out in the parking lots and there are almost no store fronts on the street, which means it can be very quiet and isolated. Even though we are two Manhattanites, we were surprised by the open use of drugs and even witnessed a drug sale on St. Catherine Street in the middle of the day. One night returning late, two blocks away from the hotel we saw what we naively thought was an ice cream truck, but instead it was a needle exchange bus. If you are not comfortable with this, then you should avoid the area. But if you are more open minded and are willing to sacrifice a beautiful location for a low hotel price, then this is the place for you. We would definitely go back, and we saw entire families with children at the hotel.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great family hotel		
Jul 13 2007 	Reccommend to stay here		
Jul 3 2007 	Great hotel!		
Mar 26 2007 	Very nice hotel		
Dec 9 2006 	Basic but recommended		
Oct 18 2006 	Location can be better but the rest is OK		
Aug 10 2006 	excellent quality price hotel for hotellabelle.com		
Aug 10 2006 	Agréablement surpris		
Nov 18 2009 	A ne pas manquer		
Nov 11 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité-prix		
Oct 30 2009 	Pratique		
Oct 26 2009	?????????		
Oct 24 2009 	Comment demander mieux		
Oct 19 2009 	parfait		
Oct 12 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix		
Sep 14 2009 	Un secret bien gardé		
Jun 15 2009 	Les yeux fermés		
Jun 5 2009 	Hotel sans charme mais correct et bien situé		
May 25 2009 	Très déçu		
Sep 5 2008	MENUDA SORPRESA		
Jul 29 2008 	Hotel à recommander		
Jul 14 2008 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix		
Feb 27 2008 	Bon rapport qualite prix		
Nov 19 2007	les Studios Labelle: un sejour tout en confort !		
Sep 28 2007 	Endroit très intéressant		
Aug 27 2007 	Super		
Jul 31 2007	Un excelente hotel		
