Oct 21 2009 	Cool hotel	The feeling was a &quot;Ikea&quot; inspired W Hotel, which is not a bad thing. It was very functional. Even thought the hotel was beside the airport, I didn't find that it was that noisy. It seems that Aloft hotels are rated as a 3-3.5 star hotel, which I find it the quality to me exceed other similar level hotels that I have stayed in before. I am picky on the cleanliness of hotel rooms whenever I find rooms for my trips. But when I walked into the room, I found it to be clean, maybe because this hotel is about 1 yrs old.Since this hotel was new, finding the hotel on your GPS or Google Maps was a bit tricky as they don't have the roads mapped out yet. But it is close to the highways which can take you into the city pretty quickly.Free internet and parking was a bonus. Plus there was a free pool table to relax and hang around in the lounge. The only issues was one front desk staff that was not that helpful when asking for directions and the snack bar is a bit on the expensive side for food &amp; beverage items.But overall, I would stay there again and for travelling to other locations I would prefer to stay in the Aloft chain.	
Aug 20 2009 	Good value	Great looking hotel... Very cool shower. It gets noisy early in the morning because of the planes, but it's normal, being right next to the airport. A great place to spend the night before a flight...	
Aug 9 2009 	OK but this hotel tries too hard	1st, it's a fine hotel. I know my rating is a little low, but there were a few things that frustrated me with the hotel, and as a result I lowered my rating.The rooms were clean, the staff was very friendly, and the decor is nice. But they try so hard to be &quot;funky, hip and cool&quot; that they lose the ability to be practical.Some examples for you. They place the face cloths in the sink area, and the hand towels in the shower area. Then, once I fetch a hand towel, I have no place to hang it up in the sink area. It ends up lying on the counter beside the sink.The &quot;closet&quot; to hang up your clothes consists of a 10 inch bar at a 45 degree angle and little knobs down the bar to catch the hangars. It looks nice and takes up very little room, but try using it! It's impossible to manage the cloths on this bar.And finally, you're going to shake your head at me for this, but you know how all hotels give you a pad of paper and a pen to write with? Well here they still give you the paper, but instead of a pen they give you a pencil. Yah, a pencil. Try writting a postcard with a pencil and then mailing it.All these things are meant to be inline with the brand, but I didn't care for it. Plus, there was a problem with the bill (1 night stay with no incidentals, and they make a mistake). It was taken care of, but it was just another frustration I had to deal with 5 minutes before the shuttle leaves.Oh, and that's another thing. The shuttle. If you stay here, DO NOT stand at the &quot;hotel shuttle&quot; post outside the airport. They don't stop here (after 20 minutes of waiting I figured it out). They stop at post #2 called &quot;Parking and Via Rail&quot; and arrive about every 15 minutes or so. There is a free phone beside the baggage claim to the hotel.There is coffee in your room, but only enough to make 1 cup of regular coffee, or one cup of decaf. You may have to share.And one last thing, do your research for food. Their selection is very limited and quite expensive. We ended up eating at the airport on arrival and departure days.Sorry so negative here when the other posts are so possitive. I guess this is a great hotel for some people, but I was just frustrated by it. Although at $105 it was the cheapest one around.	
Jul 29 2009 	Fun and trendy w family airport hotel	Traveling on business solo and I loved this hotel. The shuttle service from the airport was easy to find, and fast. The first thing that struck me as I walked in was this wonderful scent that wafted through the lobby. The gals at the aloha desk were extremely helpful and courteous. The lobby and main reception area is very funky with plenty of areas to sit and have a refreshment. The hotel has free wifi (a big deal for me). The halls were nice and wide with high ceilings - and great decor. The room was on the smaller side, but for me this was a plus especially as a female traveling alone (I prefer the comfort of the smaller rooms). The services were great - one could grab a cappuccino to go in the morning or make your own fresh coffee or tea in your room. I would highly recommend this hotel for all travelers and thank outnabouttravel for finding it for me. I stayed there for 3 nights. One could order food from their lounge or they also offered up an array of delivery menu choices to pick from. They are also pet friendly (have the dog dishes out front filled with fresh water for your pooches).	
Jul 28 2009 	Not quite the W but a neat hotel nonetheless!	I stayed here for 1 night in early July 2009 off of a PL bid. My rate was roughly half of the going rate on the hotel's own website.The shuttle service is great, but VERY confusing. It took me an hour to figure out! You need to take the Hotel Aeroport blue bus, fromt the first curb at baggage claim. The bus is NOT marked aLoft, which is completely stupid, but it does go there.After that fiasco, I arrived at the hotel. Checked in using the self kiosk with no probelm, and it even let me select my own room (I put myself in a corner room on floor 3)The decor is very eclectic and chic. I can't really explain it but the photos on the web will give you a good idea. Rooms are small, but the use of space is FANTASTIC and there are 2 big windows. Free internet and local calls. BLISS bath amenities. Wall mounted TV (only english channel is CNN). There is a nice indoor pool and courtyard with contemporary furniture.The biggest downfall to this hotel was location. It's SUPER convenient to the airport, but a disaster for everything else. You CANNOT walk ANYWHERE since it is pretty much locked in by freeway ramps. No restaurants to walk to....I had to order pizza. You can take their shuttle to a crappy mall with a supermarket and some decent food (I ate at Thai Express) and to the VIA Rail station. The bus into Montreal city leaves from an adjacent station next to VIA Rail. MAKE SURE YOU KNOW HOW TO FIND AND USE THE BUS!!!! I CAN NOT STRESS THIS ENOUGH!!! The Metro drivers speak little English and it is very confusing since there are many buses going many places from 1 curb.	
Jul 20 2009 	Very convenient trendy hotel for stopovers at Dorval	Stayed here for one night as I was connecting early in the morning for a flight; booked last minute and got a good deal ($79) and was a happy to pay a few more dollars than some other hotels in the area to stay on airport property at a trendy new hotel.The lobby is really nice and cozy, with a bar and internet terminals. The check-in staff were extremely friendly, asked what time we wanted a wake-up call at, and were generally just very chill and laid back, while still being attentive.The rooms are nice, with typically comfortable Starwood beds. As other reviewers have mentioned, the wall unit heater is a little noisy and had to work hard on a cold Montreal night, but it wasn't a big deal. The rooms are very modern, very &quot;un-hotel&quot; and overall a very cool place to stay.This was my first Aloft and I can't wait to stay at another. I highly recommend it for Dorval - you can't quite walk into the airport, but the shuttle is frequent, and the airport is literally 2 minutes away.	
Jul 19 2009 	My new favorite place	My family and I stayed two nights at Aloftt Montréal for $60/night through a priceline bid. We just came from a horrible experience at the hotel we stayed at in Niagara Falls so it was so refreshing to stay at Aloft. The staff were absolutely pleasant. We got lost on the way to hotel and they patiently helped us navigate to the hotel via cell phone. Everybody was warm and very friendly. We adored our two Queen size bedroom. It was well decorated with contemporary furniture. We definitely appreciated how everything in the hotel was SUPER CLEAN. Even the washrooms near the workout room and pool were clean. Most of all, we loved how thick the walls were. My son had a breakdown in the middle of the night and you couldn't even hear it through the door (my husband went out the room to check if he could hear the baby from outside). We loved the so much that we booked two nights at an Aloft at a different location for full price.	
Jul 17 2009 	Awesome hotel	My husband and I just love this hotel. We will definately come back. It is a futruistic looking hotel. The staff are all very friendly and willing to help you out. The rooms are very clean.Although they are alittle smaller than other hotel rooms, the furniture and setting makes it very functional and chic. Also good for business travelers. All the rooms have a huge LCD TV mounted to the wall. You have wired and wireless internent.You can even hook up your laptop to the LCD TV for better viewing. Great way to way free movies through your laptop. Near the lobby they is a selection of snack and sandwiches. They taste really good but alittle expensive. They do provide a microwave and hot water, so if you want to save money, bring some non-perishable food. The elevaters are super fast too. I was able to get this hotel through priceline for $60/night by bidding.	
Jul 8 2009 	Wow....so cute! On the low end of cost but so chic!	I am a 24 year old female who traveled with a 21 year old, 22 yearold and my parents. Getting here was a bit of a hassle, since it is near the airport (I drove from Long Island, NY), traffic was a mess, but being from NY, it is nothing different from the LIE and typical NY traffic. Obviously it was annoying because I wanted to start my vacation. The hotel is like the pictures on the website. It is so trendy and chic inside. It is so cute and I loved walking in and out of the building.-The rooms were so big. I was with my brother and his girlfriend (two double beds) with an adjoining room to my parents room. The sucky thing here was that every other room I believe is a handicap room so the bathrooms were big, cold, and a bit odd to use for someone not used to this situation-There was a huge I think 42&quot; flat screen TV-Dog friendly (offer a used bed, bowl, 5 treats and used toys [i never got to see them])- Two staff members were nice (yes I said two, a third nasty one is listed below. Yes three employees-see cons!). I believe Danielle (She was a light skinned black girl)- was more than willing to help us.-Maids bilingual and nice-Good gym-Though airplanes are landing- that's not such a problem, but the planes start up near my room but take off far away. I am a light sleeper and I heard the airplanes once in a while, but honestly I was able to sleep and didn't really have such a problem.-BEDS WERE SO COMFORTABLE AND THE COMFORTERS WERE SO COMFORTABLE I WISH I COULD HAVE TAKEN THEM HOME! (The beds were a bit low which was a problem for my 50 year old parents)-2 double bed room was HUMONGOUS!!Cons:-A bit scary, you can see the planes land (or cool, whatever you think- I have catastrophic thinking....so....yeah...)-There is no particular staff member who kind of pretends to be nice, but she is SO FRIKING NASTY that whenever I saw her, I wanted to scream. I heard many people complaining about her. She's there from about 4/5pm till the next morning. Her name is ANDREA! ANDREA ANDREA, got it? Watch out. She wasnt very willing to give me things for my dog (but after finding out they were used, I didnt want them anyway)...By the way dogs under 25lbs are not allowed, so she informed me that they bed is huge...which didnt make sense if you could only have a 25lb dog (I have a 14 year old 10lb yorkie). When I asked her if I could atleast have the dog treats, she sighed and with a smile said yeah let me see if we have any. What the hell? Why promise there would be treats? Yeah so I got 5 treats for three nights, whatever. She just really annoying because she was so fake. She wasn't nice and she was rude. When I spoke to her she was so defensive, once she put her hands up in defense. as if she was being attacked. This occured after I told her that the key wasn't working and she told me that I must be going to the wrong room (um...do I have issues mentally that I don't remember what room I was in?....ooo....kkk....) So I told her that I had not put the key in the wrong room, thats why she reacted in that way. Sorry to provide such a detailed view, but if you're staying here. I want you to avoid what I went through. - We had to wait 30 minutes to be helped!! My key didn't work the first night, so when I went downstairs, Andrea was helping someone do the whole check in process, and there was a woman in front of me with the same problem. I had to wait 30min to get helped because there is only 1 staff member working at a time...I believe there was 4 or 5 floors, with many many rooms per floor. -Pool was way too small to sustain the hotel, I couldn't go in because there were teens making a huge scene to the point that I had to leave-Ridiculous food prices-No wireless internet. You have to hook your laptop to a ethernet wire that could only go about 3 feet Despite the problems, the positive outweighed the negative. I would come back (if I could get over my worry of the planes flying so near the hotel)	
Jun 10 2009 	What a pleasant surprise!	We stayed at the Aloft for 3 nights during a short visit to Montréal to visit friends and relatives. Whenever I am visiting big cities with a rental car I book hotels near or at the airport because the rates, convenience and ample parking (and I am also an airline 'enthusiast'). Without traffic (even though this is a rare occurance) Its only a 20 minute drive to downtown Montréal. When we stepped in the lobby after a long drive from Rochester NY we felt like we just walked into 'Chalum's Cantina' (fictional Bar in Star Wars Movies) on the Planet 'Tatooine', expecting to see Aliens from the entire Universe sitting around the Lava Lamps sipping Out-of-this-world-cocktails. The décor, the music (not too loud – just perfect) and the lighting created the perfect urban, hip Disco/Dance/Chill atmosphere. You feel relaxed almost immediately. I was never surprised by any Hotel Lobby in such a way. Check-in was smooth, relaxed and in 2 minutes we had the key-cards to our 2 rooms on the 4th floor. I cannot go too much into details about this hotel, otherwise this review would be several pages long. The room was, especially the setup, was very unusual and quite smart as well. There is almost nothing to complain about this hotel, even though I always find something. It is by far the most interesting 3-star Airport Hotel I have ever stayed at – right down to the smallest details! (biggest flat screen TV's, softest toilet paper, biggest (rain-)showers, etc. etc.).What a refreshing change to the stuffy, old fashioned Seventies Time-warp Hotels like Quality and Comfort Inns, Econolodes, Motel 6, Travelodges, etc.!If you are looking for a good Downtown location – forget it! Otherwise the Aloft is THE hotel to stay at in Montreal – Try it! You will like it!	
Jun 7 2009 	Fun and Funky	Stayed here en route to another destination and was happily surprised to find a different hotel. I liked the 24 hr fitness room and the bar was good. Shuttles run to and from the airport every 15 minutes. I didn't want to wait the 15 minutes and asked the staff member to call me a cab. She was a little put out by this and claimed my 5 minute ride would be 3 times the actual rate. Except for this silly grumpy am staffer - the visit was comfortable and I will be stopping in again.	
Jun 3 2009 	Funky place for a stop over	We needed a convienent place to stay near the airport, and made our choice based on the feedback we read here. We enjoyed the layout and the decor - really refreshing from the standard fair in most hotels. We checked in close to midnight and it was very quick - much appreciated after a long day of travel. I've already recommended this place to a few friends who travel on business, and I will be back myself.	
Jun 1 2009 	Fun sleek relaxing - a good deal near the airport	I have stayed here a few times now and have always had a really positive experience. The rooms are comfortable, clean, modern. Free wi-fi.No there isn't a restaurant, but you can get apps at the bar, and there is a vast selection of takeout menus at the front desk.The wxyz bar has a number of really fun cocktails and a good atmosphere. It was hopping on the Saturday night I was there. Pool area and gym are very nice - love the personal TVs in the cardio machines.Getting to the airport is a breeze with the free shuttle - it can take you to the local bus to go downtown. Friendly staff. I would recommend for travellers of all kinds. Has a great look and a great modern feel and is a good deal compared to other hotels in the area.	
May 26 2009 	Efficient at being On the grounds of the Airport Better then Average	This hotel is just outside the grounds of the Montreal airport. It's location makes it easy to get to the airport. There is a shuttle that travels between the airport and the hotel which also goes to the rain station. Don't make the mistake of getting on the shuttle that goes to the Montreal Airport Hotel (Formerly know as the Hilton Montreal Airport). It takes about 5 minutes to get from the airport to the hotel or train station and runs at 15 minute intervals.Parking at the hotel is $10 a day, or free if you have a hybrid vehicle.I arrived and check-in was simple process of showing identification and providing a major credit card for incidentals.Local calls and internet access are free. They also have a small gym and a small pool available on-site. It was a little difficult to do laps in the pool as it is kind of small, but I imagine it would be fun for children to play in. They also have 2 20 inch iMac's near the pool table, running both user selectable Mac and Windows Operating systems.My room was very nice. Waiting for me as I entered was a small bottle of water and a selection of teas and coffee. There is also a digital room safe, a desk, a couch and a LCD TV, hair dryer, ironing board and iron were all available. I would say that the room has an efficient modern layout to it. While there were no drawers, there was sufficient closet space to hang stuff. I did think that the room needed slightly more lighting.The bathroom is also nice. While they don't provide small bottles of shampoo or little soaps, they do have the soap and shampoo dispensers built in to the showers as you would think to find in a gym shower. Again everything has it's place.Snacks, beverages, sandwiches and salads are available for purchase downstairs 24 hrs. There is also a full service bar which is open at night in the Lobby.What do you do if you don't have a car? Take the free shuttle to the train station, and then walk on to the train platform and then walk to &quot;Boarding Letter C&quot;, which is where you'll find the gate to the bus station. From the bus station, take either bus 211, 202, 195, 191 going east to the corresponding Metro station(s). In theory 211 would be the fastest bus as it would go to Metro Lionel Groulx, but look at the schedules for pick up times. I haven't tested this bus transportation theory yet, but I've researched it alot. Don't forget to get your transfer when you board the bus. The total cost is about 3CAD. It is possible to walk from the bus station to the Aloft and vice versa without getting hit by a car (it takes about 10 minutes and it's a bit tricky as you need to walk across the correct open grass field), but there is also a phone on the outside of the train station which calls for the shuttle to the train station to the airport and to Aloft. There is also a McDonalds about 5 minutes walking west from the bus station.I would stay here again, and I'm already planning on doing so.	
Apr 9 2009 	Great stay - just by the airport	We stayed there for one night and used their version of 'Park, stay, and fly'. We were able to leave our car for one week and use their shuttle service.The room had one really comfy king bed, mini fridge, alarm clock, coffee machine, one bottle of water, a real plug in blow dryer, magazines, numeric safe. There wasn't much closet space, so nat ideal for long stays. Only 4 hangers. The fan on the heat/air unit is noisy, but that kept the airplane noise to a minimum. The planes didn't bother us much as they are few in the evening and the airport shuts down from 1 am till 7 am.The shower didn't have much pressure, but it was a beautiful walk-in shower.There is a small inside pool, but with windows facing the lobby and bar. Not to interested in getting in my bathing suit to swim in front of everybody. The lobby bar is nice but noisy.There isn't much to eat here. You can walk to the next door hotel (Hilton). For breakfast you had pastries, cereal, bagels and regular breakfast items at steep prices. We waited to get to the airport. Someone told us there is a Tim Hortons at the Arrivals, on the lower level of the airport. Otherwise, there are a few restaurants in the upper level.There are 2 computers for the free internet use in the lobby. There is also a pool table.We really enjoyed our stay, and planning on using again for our next trip.	
Apr 1 2009 	A wonderful discovery	My wife and I discovered this hotel on our way back from Hawaii. Thanks to Priceline we ended up at this location and enjoyed our stay immensely. It is located next to the airport which is very important to most travellers. There's complimentary hotel-wide wired and wireless Internet access and a 42” LCD TV in each room. The service was very good and everything about this hotel is great because it is less than 1 year old. I could give a longer description but I think that the pictures that I have included will illustrate why we would return.The only negative point: NO RESTAURANT, but you can purchase snacks.	
Apr 1 2009 	What a cool place; very ultra-modern	We had to return our rental car to the airport because our flight left 6 am the next morning and the car places weren't open yet. Booked a room at the Aloft because we got a great price...ended up loving the hotel as much as the place we honeymooned in Tremblant! Great room, great t.v., very cool shower that has smoked glass which you can look in to from the main room, very friendly people, and actually tasty food (and drinks) from the very cool, brightly colored bar. Extended our check-out time when our flight was cancelled.	
Mar 19 2009 	Nice but no restaurant far from transit and don't leave anything behind	I was pretty impressed when I first arrived in my room. It was quite nice for what I paid (I got a good deal online). Service was good.However, the night of my arrival, I was looking for the hotel restaurant to eat in, but the front desk informed me that there was no restaurant. Since the hotel is close to the airport, there were no other options. I had to settle for a mushy packaged sandwich from the small food bar in the lobby.I wanted to take the bus to head into town. The bus stop isn't that far away, but the hotel is surrounded by highways and off-ramps, so it's nearly impossible to get to. It's only the day after my arrival that I found out that the hotel's shuttle could take me to the Via Rail station which is close to the bus stop.Finally, when I got home I realized that I had left my digital camera charger and battery behind in the room. I called the hotel the same night. I was told that they couldn't check until the next day, and that someone would call me back. No one ever did. I had to call two more times. When I finally spoke with someone, I was told that they hadn't found anything. I told them exactly where I had left the items. Still nothing.This left a bad taste in my mouth. It's like going to a nice restaurant, and then using the dirty bathroom before leaving. I shouldn't have had to call three times to get an answer. I realize I was the one who forgot my effects, but that's poor customer service.	
Jan 4 2009	Cool decor and well appointed facilities	I stayed at the Aloft hotel in Montreal while passing through on my way back to Toronto. I decided I didn't want the hassle of driving in downtown traffic and paying the excessive parking charges for staying at a downtown hotel. The aloft is right off the highway and easily accessible if you're coming in from the east, west or the highway. I really liked the unique decor of the hotel which gives it a hip feel. Other highlights included the really comfortable bed with fluffy duvet, big screen tv and big shower stall. Not much to complain about, although I did find that the hotel room has somewhat of a minimalist design and so it feels a little bit smaller than a typical hotel room despite the presence of a high ceiling. Also, although they have a brilliant feature of being able to hook up your mp3 player and computer to the big LCD tv, cables are not provided or available so that feature is useless unless you bring your own cables. Finally, I had a room on the 5th floor with a great view of the airport runways. However, that also meant the heavy noise of the departing and arriving aircraft. But I guess this is encountered with any airport hotel. Great hotel, comfortable stay and good value. I'd definitely stay there again if I happen to pass through that neck of the woods in the future.	
Dec 29 2008	Tastefully modern	This new hotel adjacent to airport and expressway will appeal to those doing that long drive from Ontario and points west to the Maritime provinces in particular. It saves you the drive downtown and you avoid the far lower quality just as expensive motels that line the highway 20 towards Quebec City. It is tastefully modern with lots of wood, light, and modern devices. e.g a massive LCD screen and neat attachment box so that you can plug your own electronics into the screen. The shower is quite open with one clear glass wall/door facing the rest of the bathroom and on a side wall the frosted glass allows in light. Beds were comfortable. Airport noise was not noticed. The lobby area is designed to hang out in and socialize. In summary; it is great value to some of the other options around. This concept will work well for Starwood.	
Oct 25 2008 	Great stopover hotel	We stayed here on our way back home after our visit to Montreal and Quebec City. It was a very nice sized room, very modern design, and the bed was comfortable. Enjoyed the tv but would have liked a guide to the stations. Contacted the property via email a week before traveling about shuttle service and did not receive a response until after we had already checked in. The front lobby is very impressive and cool but relatively empty. The lack of a gift shop to get toiletries and mags was okay because I could just walk to the Hilton across the street. The Bliss bath products were very nice and the shuttle in the morning is a great service to have. Reading previous reviews, I WISH we had known about the Dorval shuttle. We would recommend this to people flying through Montreal who need to be near the airport. If you are coming to visit Montrealy I would definitely stay closer into the city if you do not have your own transportation, because it is quite aways away.	
Oct 20 2008 	Aloft = Wonderful~	I just came back from a trip from Montreal. We stayed at Aloft, thinking that it would be bad because its near the airport, however, you do not hear any noise! The only bad thing was, there was no housekeeping button on the phone. As well, they do not provide extra blankets. There are only the receptionist people really there to answer your questions. All in all, the stay was wonderful. I wish I could have stayed there longer! Their gym is 24hrs, it's small, but there weren't many quest staying, so we had the gym to ourselves. This hotel is very quiet and peaceful. Although, it is far from the heart of Montreal, it is really worth staying there. I would def. stay there again, if I plan to head back to Montreal.	
Oct 18 2008 	Great Concept and Value	Great hotel, could not recommend it more for business and young travelers. Lots of geat touches, including: comfortable bed, very similar to its sister chain - Sheraton; Cardio machines in the gym actually play your ipod videos on a large screen built into each machine;Very friendly staff and nice lounge/bar area. The staff sometimes looked bewildered with some of the technology, in particular when I asked for help printing something from the mac-inspired mini business center, but I imagine these minor hiccups will work themselves out quickly. Overall, a terrific experience.	
Oct 13 2008 	A green philosophy plus cool vibes	Stayed here for one night in October (am writing this review from my room, actually) and really enjoyed my experience. The hotel is very cool and green – when I drove into the parking lot with my Toyota Camry Hybrid, I was surprised to see a special section of the parking reserved for hybrid vehicles… I later found out that the hotel waives the $10 per day parking fee for hybrid vehicles – how cool is that?The room itself was small but very functional, with everything you need if you’re travelling on business, including an iron and ironing board that are ingenuously tucked away behind the bed. There is a small fridge under the sink and a large flat screen LCD TV in the center of the room. Their food and drink counter is also cool; I liked the food even though price wise, things quickly add up… The gym is small but functional (it has a couple each of elliptical machines, treadmills and stationery bikes plus a small weight training station) and the pool is tiny but cute. They definitely went first and foremost for the look and then for convenience and functionality; for example, one of the paper blinds was malfunctioning in my room… and the place is brand new! It remains to be seen how long this place will continue looking good, but right now it is great.My only complaints would be the inconsistent reception in the hotel lobby (sometimes warm, sometimes cool) and the poor ventilation in the rooms (you need to switch the thermostat from heat to cool – and vice versa – to get any fresh airflow in the room). The hotel is located right next to the Hilton Montreal Airport and offers a free shuttle that runs from early morning until late at night at 15-minute intervals; they will also pick you up for free at the Via train station in Dorval, you just need to call them when your train arrives. There is free wireless Internet in the rooms; just ask for your access code upon check-in. I booked a special weekend rate on Starwood’s website that included $25 food and beverage credit. So the total bill including taxes came to under $150 for everything (room, Internet, breakfast and parking). Not bad – I’ll definitely stay here again when I’m in this area of Montreal!	
Sep 14 2008 	Bliss at ALoft! Great stop-over hotel.	Boutique appeal, only three months old! Billard table, pool, fireplace, bar, meeting area/lounge (both indoor and out) and more. Coffee/tea, pastries, and light fanfare available at all times in lobby area. You'll never go hungry in the middle of the night, and there's always a bite to eat while rushing to catch that 6 AM flight.In room accommodations include free wi-fi service (ask for code at the desk), flat screen TV, alarm clock, &quot;real&quot; hair-dryers (not those &quot;on the wall&quot; hair dryers that leave you struggling with the short coiled cords and that make your hair look like frizz city - you ladies know what I'm talking about)... Bliss beauty products (yes, &quot;the&quot; Bliss spa products), magazines, coffee/tea maker, iron &amp; ironing board.City-like &quot;Loft&quot; appeal with painted cement ceilings. Plenty of room for your lap-top and a spot to plug in your hand-held game device.So, if you're not sure if you're in the mood for work or play, this place offers both... Oh yeah, and a great comfy bed too!	
Sep 11 2008 	Love Aloft	Highly recommend this hotel for business travelers. Funky design and concept make it interesting and inviting. The rooms are functional and efficient with spa like bathrooms and king size beds. Flat screen TV and desk area for laptops with more than enough outlets in the room make it great for business travelers.There is full service bar and a 'starbucks-like' deli with healthy food selection. The gym is small but full featured with treadmills and free weights. The pool is small but inviting. The price is also great. I paid $119/night.	
Sep 8 2008 	Quiet	We generally stay at the LeMeridien but were closed out because of NASCAR and tennis. All the downtown hotels were booked. We're Starwood members and I found this on the SPG website. It's trendy, brand new and quiet. I was concerned about airport noise and traffic and neither was an issue. The front desk staff were very helpful. I needed directions and the printer was down. Staff let me use the computer and printer at the front desk.For some reason I couldn't get cell phone service in the room - I had to go near the elevator. Bed was comfortable. The shower was wonderful. Food wasn't an issue for us since we were visiting our daughter and didn't need to eat at the hotel.We'll stay there again.	
Aug 30 2008 	Good stopover hotel	This is a good hotel for a stopover. Very close to the airport, very clean and adequate room, friendly staff, comfortable bed. It's only two months old so smells new, have to get used to that. They provide complimentary bottles of water. Much appreciated. No restaurant, they have a small shop with sandwiches, drinks etc. fairly pricey. If you need a restaurant, the Hilton is just over the road. Did not hear any neighbours and had a great view of the runways. Pity the ceiling looks unfinished.Would stay again.	
Aug 24 2008 	New clean modern	I stayed at this hotel during a two day trip to Montreal for work. Hotel was clean, new and modern. Very unique looking. Nice glass shower, flat screen TV, good lighting, nice fixtures, good view of the airport but no noise from the planes. While it does have a bar downstairs and a small cafe where you can pick up some snacks to go, it really lacks a good restaurant. The lack of room service is probably the reason that I won't stay here again. After a long day at the office, sometimes you just want to order in dinner with a glass of wine and call it a day.	
Aug 21 2008 	Aloft Montreal Airport	Well.........what can I say...aloft hotels strikes again! My boyfriend and I had a wedding in Montreal this past weekend and stayed at the aloft Montreal Airport for one night. We recently stayed at the aloft Rancho Cucamonga, this was our first aloft hotel stay. We were just blown away. You just think, &quot;this is so cool, this is so cool.&quot; and that was the same reaction we got when we checked into the aloft Montreal Airport. Everyone was so nice, and the rooms were super clean. And if there's anyone who knows me, they would know that cleanliness is my main priority when checking into a hotel. I can't say enough good things about this place. My boyfriend thinks it's fabolous, very colorful, bright and full of energy. There is definitely a very youthful vibe from the moment you check in to the moment you check out. It's comfortable, it's new and most importantly it's familiar, familiar not in the way it looks, but in the way it feels. aloft Hotels fits our personalities. It's different...and I think that's what creates the overall experience.	
Aug 13 2008 	Fine stop over hotel	It was nice for 1 night stop over on our way home. I chose this hotel because it is a dog friendly hotel with no extra charge. Upon check in, we received a small gift for my dog and big comfy Dog pillow was delivered to our room. However, I was surprised to told there was a $10 parking fee since there was no indication on the website.The only con is that you can see through inside the room from outside parking lot since the window is not tinted. We stayed on the 1st floor, so we could not leave the blinds open to have natural light. So, ask for a room on the higher floor.For the price I paid directly with hotel website,($79CAD), I am very satisfied with the facility. All the public space as well as rooms are kept clean as it is still a brand new.	
Aug 11 2008 	Best airport hotel	Great hotel for the business traveller. We were the first people to stay in the room which was great - it meant being able to walk on the carpet barefoot without being grossed out. The staff are very freindly. The room we got (on the top floor) was really nice, the bed was good, the bed linens were good (though a bit stiff, probably because they were brand new), the bathroom was really nice. Even though this is an airport hotel you cannot hear a thing and the blinds provide for total blackout. It was also very fun to be able to hook up our digital camera on the docking station and look at our photos on the big plasma TV. Bonus: hotel also has laundry rooms.	
Aug 5 2008 	Great Value	I have been to Montreal a number of times and had chosen to stay in hotels in the downtown core for all my prior visits. Due to the spur of the moment decision to visit Montreal, I cannot find a 3-star hotel near my budget (Cdn$100) in downtown area. Thus, I spent a night at this new and comfortable hotel in early August which I will book again the next time I visit.Pros:-good value for money-new with modern design-free internet usage (wireless), 2 terminals available in the lobby-quiet despite being next to the airport-large flat TV in the room-bright shower with good water pressure and consistent water temperature-good service upon check-inCons:-no cups in the room, just foam cups-AC was on the loud side-parking at $10 (was not aware of this at time of booking)-I was not offered an official receipt at time of checkout (I prepaid online)-can easily hear our neighbors partying-would be nice to have an extra chair in the room (there was only 1 at the desk)For those who want to sleep pass 8.30am, remember to stay out your DND sign out. I didn’t as I would be checking out at 9.30 and therefore had the maid knocking on the door starting at 8.30am and every 20 mins thereafter.Even though my list of cons is as long as my list of pros, I will be back again because it really is a nice hotel with very good price.	
Jul 21 2008 	Extremely helpful friendly staff	The front desk staff were extremely helpful and friendly, spending at least 10-15 minutes helping us find the best route to downtown Montreal and also offering tips for the cheapest parking garages downtown. The hotel was very stylish and modern, and very new (the smell of the new materials was a little strong though). The rooms were so quiet; if I hadn't looked out the window and seen the planes I doubt I would have known we were right near the airport. One little impracticality...the shower stall, while very cool with its tile floor, just didn't have enough slope to drain properly and the floor of the stall sort of became a pool with each shower.	
Jul 8 2008	Perfect stay in Montreal!	My wife and I stayed at the aloft for 3 nights. We were very impressed with the aloft. It is brand new and has a contemporary feel. Since it's new, it's very clean and that means a lot to us. We booked at SPG.com and got a Starpicks rate @ $89 per night since we booked just days before arriving. Four star hotels in the city were going for $170+, so being outside the city for $89 was well worth the savings. We would drive into the city in the morning and stay until night. If you require to be &quot;in-and-out&quot; of your room throughout the day, I wouldn't recommend staying outside the city.The lobby is very welcoming and does not have the overwhelming &quot;club&quot; feel of a W hotel, but it is chic and modern. The room is a loft style, duh, and the layout is very optimal with high ceilings. Other details include a comfortable bed, 42 inch flat screen, free wireless internet, iron, and Bliss bathroom products.Being close to the airport did not significantly increase airplane noise. However, hallway noise can heard easily, so hopefully you don't have loud neighbors. The toilet/shower has a door separating it from the mirror/sink. But the sink is open to room, actually behind the bed. So it can be noisy for someone that is sleeping when another is using the bathroom.The hotel does not have many frills like butler service, mini bar, 5* restaurant, but you might not need that anyway, so you shouldn't pay for it. It does have a pool, outdoor deck, pool table, and offers free car wash. They give you a bucket with soapy water and a sponge and you can wash your own car.We arrived by car from the west. If you're driving, check Google Maps or call the hotel for directions before you go. The airport is big and the streets can be confusing. The drive to the city center is about 15-25 minutes depending on traffic. There is not a good option for public transportation from the hotel to the city. You'll have to take a taxi to a bus station, then a bus to a metro. That trip could take you 45-60 minutes and cost $10 for the taxi and $2.75 per person each way for the bus/metro. We found good parking on Berri street under the new library. It costs $10 for 24 hours and $7 for 24 hours on weekends. Parking in the business area is about $20 for 24 hours. The walk from Berri to the old town is just 10 minutes and to the business/shopping area just 20 minutes. The other advantage to having the car is that you can drive around the city and experience things at your own pace. With our 3 day stay, we drove to Quebec City for one day and had enough time to see highlights of both cities.In summary, the hotel was awesome. The location was okay, but worth it for the price. Montreal is very cool!	
Jul 5 2008 	A Hipper Four Points by Sheraton	The concept is interesting but doesn't quite come together. The idea seems to be to offer a lower cost version of the W hotels but what you end up with is a hipper Four Points by Sheraton. The hotel is indeed very stylish, from the lobby to the rooms and bathrooms. The rooms were dead quiet despite being right by the airport and the blackout shades for the windows worked great. There were several things, though, that didn't quiet gel. The bed itself is rather firm, the sheets were scratchy and the pillows were not feather. There is a great flatscreen TV and a place to plug in your iPod, but no radio or even a CD player. When I called the lobby and asked how I could go about hearing some music they suggested purchasing a music channel via the TV. There is a bar but no restaurant on site, just sandwiches from the self-service center. You can go across the parking lot to the Hilton, though, and eat there. If they think through some more of the practical needs of a traveler and focus less on the style, the concept could be successful.	
Aug 16 2009 	Original et parfait		
Mar 14 2009 	Wow ! Superbe hôtel !		
Nov 16 2008 	Moderne		
