Nov 13 2009 	Great Location	I stayed here 3 nights on a personal visit. I booked it through Expedia. I paid AU$545.05 including taxes for the 3 nights. The location was exactly where I wanted to be which is the main reason I chose it. The entrance is a bit odd. From the street you go though doors and down half a flight of stairs. What you see from the street is a hair dressing salon. The entrance to the hotel lobby is to the right of the salon. The lobby is incrediably tacky	
Oct 18 2009 	Don't even waist your money	ya the rooms are small I went with my husband and son the beds were comfortable but the service ahhh no ... you know what don't even waist your time at the time of check in we requested a queen size bed they didn't have it available we made the reservation a few days ago, so they gave us another room at no extra charge, but they wanted a $20 deposit incase you rent a movie... anyway yes the bathroom is small and they had running hot water, but when it was time to check out the receptionist said ya you get your $20.00 back they put it back in your account so my husband called the credit card company to see if they put back the money ... the receptionist lied so my husband went back and had to complain the receptionist gave us the run-around so on top of that they gave us the money back in cash... and the parking lot was across the street from the hotel ... so if i were you don't bother going to this hotel i hope you make the smart decision	
Sep 15 2009 	Location location location	Best Western Europa is located in the heart of downtown Montreal, close to lots of shopping, restaurants and of course the Bell Centre. If you are planning to get out and keep busy seeing the sights, this hotel is great. If you want a large luxurious room to spend a bunch of time in, you might want to choose another hotel.&gt;Rooms are very, very small. Not only the actual room but the bathroom is tiny as well. Relatively clean, although while we were getting ready to check out we found an old black banana peel. Elevators are also small. No issue with noise, we found the rooms to be quiet. &gt;Staff is polite, helpful when asked.&gt;Restaurant in lobby, Chez Cora serves breakfast and was good, but long lineups on weekends. As noted above, lots of restaurants within walking distance to choose from as well.For us, the price was reasonable and the location was superb. We don't spend a whole lot of time in the room on trips, so we would consider staying here again next time we visit. Metro station is also close by, so getting elsewhere in the city (Old Montreal, ect.) is very simple.	
Sep 5 2009 	Tiny rooms tinier washrooms horrible service	I am not sure why this hotel has good reviews.Small smelly rooms. Tinier washroom. Horrible service.We checked into the hotel because I have stayed at other Best Western hotels and this is nothing like them. Compared to this Best Western, the other Best Western hotels were luxury hotels!!I am writing this review from the hotel room.Our room was so small only one of us could move in the little space between our bed and the TV.The washroom was so tiny that you would have to sit on the edge of the pot so that your knees don't bang against the wall.The exhaust in the washroom gave both of us a terrible headache. The washroom did not have sufficient toiletries for 2 people so I called the front desk. It took me more than 1 hour to have 1 extra towel, soap and shampoo sent up to the room. Basically - a very disappointing experience. I would NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 27 2009 	Clean hotel good value	My boyfriend and I were pleasantly surprised by this hotel. Ups: Clean, comfortable hotel. Good location, and close to both the green and orange subway lines. Great value!Downs: The location is convenient but we ended up trekking to other neighborhoods most of the time. The service is disappointing - staff was either unfriendly or inexperienced. Our single King room was right by the elevator and I heard all the people walking by. Maid service came at an alarming 830AM, waking us up way too early.Even with all the downsides, the hotel is a great value.	
Aug 19 2009 	Great Location 	It's very true - the rooms are TINY. But they are clean, the shower has lots of hot water and it's 1/2 the rate of any other hotel downtown! So if you are enjoying Montreal and just in the room to sleep, you won't mind the small rooms.The location alone is fantastic right next to shops on St. Catharines St and a couple blocks away from the pubs on Crescent. Also only a 15min walk from old Montreal.	
Jul 27 2009 	Good Location Run Down Hotel	We stayed at the Best Western Europa hotel on Drummond Street July 21-24, 2009. The hotel was in a great location right in the centre of everything. It was within walking distance to the Metro station, shopping and tourist attractions. The staff at the hotel went to great lengths to assist us in whatever we needed.My problem was with the room. We stayed in 412 and let me tell you, this room was very basic. The carpet is worn out and looks dirty. The air conditioner was really loud and every time the compresser went on and off it banged. This went on through the entire night. The bathroom has to win an award for the worst layout I have ever seen. The toilet is so close to the door, that when you are sitting, your knees are actually touching the bathroom door.The hotel restaurant has closed and a Cora's has opened up next door with a very limited menu. We went up to have a look at the spa area which opened up to replace the roof top pool. The floor were all cracking and there were actually holes in the walls. In my opinion this hotel is in serious need for some rennovations. The front lobby looks great but the rest of the hotel needs some work.	
Jul 14 2009 	Nice but small "Comfort Level" rooms great location	Room was small but in great shape, price was great, awesome location, Cora restaurant in hotel only serves breakfast food. Would stay again for one overnight.	
Jun 1 2009 	Nice Hotel - Fantastic Location	Came to Montreal for the weekend to visit some friends and booked into the Best Western Europa last minute. The staff were very friendly and helpful from the moment I arrived and the hotel has a nice up scale feel.The room was incredibly small and I could not imagine sharing it with another person but it was very clean and the bed was comfortable - I really didn't need any more than that. Plus it included free wireless internet which really came in handy. The restaurant in the lobby served a great breakfast but it's the location that makes this hotel a real winner.Just steps from St. Catherine Street, it is right in the middle of the shopping district during the day and the club district for nightly entertainment. There are fantastic restaurants of all kinds every where and many attractions and museums all with in walking distance. As well Old Montreal is only about a 15-20 min walk away. And considering the price I paid for the room, the Europa is a terrific deal! It was a great choice for me and I'll definitly stay here again next time I'm in town!	
May 19 2009 	Good place to stay although nothing amazing	good location and relative good service. The room are in line with what we can expect from this chain.	
Apr 30 2009 	OK	Good location, decent room. The staff were just okay. We booked a 3person room through AAA, however they gave us problems when we checked in. I didn't like how we were treated, which was too bad because I liked the bartender. He gave us more inside information than the staff and he certainly had more smiles! Parking was a bit off-site, but it is a city!	
Feb 17 2009 	Small Room	Pretty clean hotel booked it to save some money after wish I had spent a little more. Was basically a bed in this tiny room hard to walk around the bed. One receptionist was great the other very rude (because I was anglo) If money is and issue then this is an okay option close to Bell Centre! Go Habs Go!	
Feb 11 2009	Bad breakfast	Nice hotel and location, but the breakfast...If they call a very small glass of orange juice, a slice of bread and a glass of coffee breakfast...	
Dec 4 2008 	I was disappointed	We got a good deal so we booked this hotel. When we arrived, we found out that the pool was closed for repair and that the higher floors were also closed for repairs due to the fact that the hotel was not busy. The room we were first given was tiny and one of the lamps had no bulb in it. The worst part was the location. It faced a court yard where if people were outside they would literally be able to look right into the room. After complaining, we were offered another room which was only slightly better. We finally decided to pay a little more for a king-sized room. This room was much larger and the bed was great, although the room could have been decorated a little nicer. We were two people but were only supplied with one bar of soap so we asked at the front desk for more soap. We went out and were told that it would be brought up to our room. This never happened. We had to request it a second time. We discovered late at night that the shower drain was not working properly which meant that the bathtub would fill up rapidly while taking a shower. When we mentioned this to the front desk at checkout the next morning, requesting some compensation for the lack of good facilities, we were told that we should have called for someone to come up and fix the shower or ask to be moved to another room. Given that it was late by the time we took our showers and that we had already moved rooms, we were too tired to do that. The person at the front desk was not very friendly and did not offer any kind of apology or compensation.	
Nov 4 2008 	okay- good location	hotel was in good location right in the main part of city .lobby was very weird and abit off putting - large weird statue in fountain ?? odd very odd !!room was fine nice and comfy and big enough just standard 3 star hotel room .. staff were not that friendly .. cheap good breakfast downstairs .. we got very cheap price i would not pay too much for this.. wasn't bad just try something else .. unless you get it very cheap ..	
Oct 15 2008 	Great Location	We really enjoyed our stay here at the Best Western Europa. It was centrally located and very close to the VIA station for you train riders.If you like the 'clubbing' area, and brand name shops; then this place is for you. If you like the Europe feel and want to venture over to Old Montreal its about a 15-20min walk. There is also Saint Laurent, and that is about a 10-15min walk away. Really great places. Really nice hotel. Also very affordable for the location.Thanks!	
Oct 3 2008 	Great Location For Nightlife	This hotel is on the corner of Rue Drummond and St. Catherine Ouest, only 3 blocks from Rue Crescent where there are great restaurants and bars including Grumpy's, The Hard Rock, and Saturday's. The staff is very friendly at the front desk. There's an ATM right in the lobby for &quot;re-fueling&quot; stops. Parking is right across the street, but I have experienced vandalism in the lot, so you might want to look for alternative parking. The rooms are fairly small with a definite &quot;European&quot; feel right down to the narrow hallways. But everything was very clean.There's a &quot;pool&quot; on one of the higher floors but I found it very small. Fortunately I think I'm the only one who knows it's there, as I've never seen anyone else in it.I would recommend this hotel for a budget traveller who wants a home base for the &quot;St. Catherine's Scene&quot;.	
Sep 4 2008 	Hardly worth the cheaper rate	Why so bad...Bathroom in lobby contained several non-flushing toilets filled with feces. Lobby was decorated strangely, looked like the inside of a swimming pool. Hotel room so tiny that a bed and dresser wouldn't fit in it. Dresser drawers could only be opened half-way and one had to squeeze around furniture items.Understaffed at front desk (takes half an hour to speak with anyone at front desk) This is typical of all Best Westerns. Also we overheard staff being argumentative/disrespectful with customers.Did not get a wink of sleep since ice machine was loud, used all night long and could be clearly heard outside thin hotel room door.Pair of leather boots we accidentally left in hotel room had mysteriously vanished when we tried to collect them 3 days later. (Hotel staff member gains new pair of boots?)Why did we choose it?Because we got a good rate for it from Booking.com ($99.00 CAD ). Best Western is smart enough to know that they wouldn't get customers otherwise.Worth it? Probably not.	
Sep 1 2008 	Great Hotel at a Terrific Location	I have stayed at this hotel three times over the past 10 years, and each time I have come back primarily because of this hotel's terrific location. All rooms I have had were quite decent, only one of them was on the small side. Service has overall been good, only once I came across an uncooperative front desk person. Overall, though, I would definitely come back to this hotel.	
Aug 12 2008 	Just dandy	I booked the Europa as part of a reasonably priced airfare + hotel package. Based on prior reviews I wasn't expecting much from the Europa. The place isn't fancy and the lobby area looks a little dated, but that's a really about the only flaw I found, a ver minor one at that. I was surprised to get a spotlessly clean, spacious, modern room. It looked like it had just been remodeled and refurnished the day before. Everything in the room worked perfectly, including the air conditioning and the free wireless internet (both of those are always a hit-or-miss propositions). I didn't have many occasions to request assistance from the staff but the few times I did everything was chop-chop (that's a good thing). Also, the location was perfect for my needs. I would recommend this hotel to anyone needing basic but comfortable accommodations in downtown Montreal.	
Jul 5 2008 	Small rooms	We had a four night stay at this hotel recently. The room that we were checked into was very small, with little room in which to store luggage. The corridors are also narrow, adding to the claustrophobic feeling. The location is handy, with the metro and many shopping areas just a short stroll away. Unfortunately for us, there were inconsiderate guests staying and we were woken at 3am. I would not recommend the hotel for long stays.	
Jun 29 2008 	Great Location Good Price	I made a last minute decision to visit Montreal and had a difficult time finding an affordable hotel that was in a great location with great reviews. I found it at Best Western. You can walk to Crescent St. where all the bars and clubs are at, plus it's a block away from Rue St. Catherine. If you want to visit St. Laurent Blvd. or Old Montreal, take a cab or the Metro. The staff was friendly and helpful, the place was clean and my room was quiet. The room is smaller than your standard American hotel, but if you're in Montreal, you shouldn't be spending much time in your room. I would definitely recommend this place.	
Jun 27 2008 	It is a good hotel in a great location!	It is a good hotel in a great location! Steps to shopping, museums and attractions.Try Spa Orange, located at the 6th floor. It is a must foe every spa traveler; an full service spa with great amenities and many services. We tried sabai stone massage…asia couple, and it was paradise.	
Jun 26 2008 	You get what you pay for at this hotel	My room seemed to be a closet converted into a room. Very small. For instance when sitting on the toilet my knees were mushed into the bathtub. I am not sure if all rooms are the same but I found this amusing.The hotel is a great location - very close to the Bell Centre and St Catherine's street. It is very close to the Metro as well. It is also next door to a fire station so at points in the night you will hear sirens. Because of the close proximity to St Catherine's Street the hotel got pretty noisy on Friday night when some people enjoying the nightlife came back to their room.I would say this could be a great affordable hotel for some, and a below average hotel for others - it all depends on if you are in Montreal to go out and adventure or not.	
May 29 2008 	loved this hotel	I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel , I was there during the easter weekend, the staff was great, the rooms were extremely clean, it was closed to my meetings. i will visit again with my family.	
May 1 2008 	Great Location	I booked 3 rooms in this hotel for a family trip to Montreal. We stayed there 2 nights and overall I'm happy with the decision to choose this hotel. The hotel structure is old but in good condition and present great value for the money.The best thing about this hotel is the location. If you plan to spend time in downtown Montreal there is no better place. You are just off rue Sainte-Catherine (St. Catherine Street) - Montreal 5th Ave. and all major shopping and entertainment attractions.The rooms we stayed at were clean and tidy. Check-in and check-out was quick and staff was friendly upon requests for extra towels.The hotel has an adjacent restaurant, where we had breakfast, we didn't use the hotel Bar and Restaurant, as I'm sure the options around were much better.On the downside I have to mention that the mattress and pillow were not very comfortable in all rooms (226, 227, 229 - all double beds rooms) and the drainage of the bath was very slow. TVs are small and picture in some channels was grainy, no special kids channels, only in the morning.I would certainly recommend this hotel for the budgeted traveller who can compromise some in-room pleasure for the great location and cost.	
Mar 20 2008 	Great Location	This hotel is in a perfect location if you are planning on hitting up shopping on St. Catherine Street and the Bars/Clubs on Cresent. My room (204) had two double beds and was rather large. My friends were in 206 and it was slightly smaller but still a decent size. My room was at the end of a hallway so not too noisy. The service at the front desk was friendly and helpful.	
Feb 28 2008 	Good hotel great location	The hotel is located about 15 minutes (in taxi) from the airport. The staff was great, the hotel rooms were a good size for 2 people. Very clean rooms, nice views. We went to see our Atlanta Thrashers play the Canadians at Centre Bell and it was a block from the hotel which was perfect. The hotel lobby was decorated very nice also. Great choice!	
Dec 19 2007 	Great location....	The hotel had a great location. We parked the car when we arrived and walked around to the places we needed to go. We parked in a lot across the street for $20 per day. St. Catherine Street is the next street up and there was a lot of places to shop and eat. We were a little taken back by the size of our king size room. The area that the bed was in was very small. We considered asking to upgrade to a larger room. The bathroom was large and the mirror was big enough for two people to use at the same time. The restaurant that serves breakfast and lunch had very poor service. Our waitress basically disappeared and we had to ask another waitress for our check. The food that we chose was not good (awful crepes). We used the hotel website and prepaid online so it was only 99.00 plus taxes so for that price it was reasonable. We are going to Montreal again in March and I have already booked a different hotel.	
Nov 29 2007	Bettern than the typical Best Western in the US	ROOM:We had a queen bedroom at the end of the hallwayand the room was super small!!I've never stayed at the such a small hotel room before.But it was quite clean and furnitures were good. Definately not the cheap kind. I loved the beddings as well. Mattress was firm andsheets were clean.The room did have a coffee maker and condiments, and 2 mugs. They prodvided a free wireless internet service, but you need to get the access code from the front desk.Bathroom was clean and nice.LOCATION:Awesome location! It's in the middle of the downtown shopping area and the Metro(subway) is only 2-3 blocks away.There also is a hair salon and and Cora restaurant for breakfast &amp; dinner on the lobby. We had a breakfast at the Cora, and it was very satisfying. I highly recommend!!They do have a fitness center along with their new Spa facility.PARKING:There is a public, paid parking lot across from the hotel andit was $20 for 24hours. It's an outdoor parking, but it was safe enough.GETTING AROUND:After getting some informations from the front desk(they are very helpful), we immediately went out to take the Metro to get to the Old City. Metro was $2.75 per person, one way. We had to transfer to another train after 3 stops, but it was very easy to transfer once you follow the signs. I think it took us less than 20min to get to the old city area by Metro. It was a good experience.SHOPPING:When I asked the front desk staff the hours for the undergroundshopping, he said 9am-9pm. But I guess that was only during the weekdays?? We were there on saturday and all the shops were closed by 6pm. That was very disappointing.	
Nov 5 2007 	great service but terrible smoking problem	I stayed at the Best Western Europa for a dance seminar and show. We were there for two nights. The hotel has a beautiful lobby, with several restaurants. Chez Cora is a breakfast lunch place that is quite good with good service. Therew as also a Chinese restaurant and the Oasis cafe. The included breakfast was no longer included or served, starting with the weekend we arrived they no longer do a continental breakfast. This was a surprise as their website indicated that they did have one.The room was not too small. It had two double beds, no view, and a reasonable bathroom. The bathroom amenities were average for this type of hotel. There were plenty of towels and pillows and the room was the right temperature.We did have a problem that the room was quite smelly. We had requested a non-smoking room but it was clear that people had been smoking in our room in the past. Across the hall, two men were smoking all night in their non-smoking room. When they opened the door, it set off the fire alarm, waking us all up at 5am. When I got home, my spouse asked if I had been with a smoker as my clothing smelled. The stuffed animal I brought with me also had obtained a disgusting aroma. I know that cigarettes and Montreal are like New York and bagels, but it is unfair to make a room non-smoking and then have it not be. My friend is allergic to cigarette smoke and she started to develop a rash.The services at the hotel for our event were quite good. The food was good at the buffet. I enjoyed buying drinks from their extremely hot bartender, with his adorable ponytail. The staff at the hotel is very friendly and welcoming.	
Nov 4 2007 	Comfy 	My boyfriend and I spent 2 nights at this hotel (we booked it thru Bonjour Quebec, an extremely helpful website!) and we were very happy with the room, location and staff.The bathroom is very small but spotless...we were walking distance to restaurants, shopping and Mont Royal and easily took the Metro to other attractions... the staff was very friendly and helpful. The Restaurant inside the hotel (Chez ?) served the best breakfast we've ever had at a ridiculous low price! If you don't intend on spending alot of time in your room (because it isn't roomy) I highly recommend this hotel. :)	
Oct 9 2007	Great little hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights on the Thanksgiving (CDN) long weekend, and have nothing but good things to say about it. Our first trip to Montréal, so we ended up asking hotel staff for directions numerous times; they couldn't have been more helpful. On their website, they advertise a pool/gym/hottub, but we didn't find any of them in the hotel; not a deal breaker though as we weren't in town to visit the hotel.Yes, the &quot;theme&quot; is a little 20000 Leagues Under The Sea-ish, but the hotel bar has a very nice vibe to it (captain's quarters it seemed) for a quick drink. There's a nice breakfast restaurant attached which was a late discovery on our part; definitely head there if you want to treat yourself to a good breakfast.Location couldn't be better; literally a 10 second walk from Rue St-Catherine, and under 5 mins from Rue Crescent.....as we walked around we looked for similarly priced hotels with as good a location; maybe there are some but we couldn't find any.Rooms are small, but we didn't find it a problem; bathrooms are tight, and the toilet can get even tighter. We would definitely go back, if not for the location, then for the friendly service of the hotel staff. I see a lot of the negative reviews were written a number of years ago; maybe there was a management change, but we didn't encounter any &quot;rude&quot; employees..even the cleaning staff was very pleasant when we'd run into them in the halls.We would recommend it.	
Sep 30 2007 	Would stay again	If you plan to be out and about and are only staying a night or 2, this place is great. Location is excellent - just a half block away from Rue St. Catherine for plenty of shops, great eateries, and entertainment. The Old Port is about a 20 minute walk away. The rooms are definitely small so keep that in mind if you're staying a little longer, and there are so many great restaurants and cafes nearby that I wouldn't bother booking with breakfast included.	
Aug 16 2007 	Wouldn't Recommend Staying Here Stay Elsewhere!	Well, for starters I booked my reservation for four people but, along with the confirmation from the Best Western sent to my email it said that I could change the reservation anytime before Thursday August 9, 2007. I did that at the end of July 2007 seeing that one of the four people couldn't attend do to personal circumstances. Instead of keeping the two rooms I thought that I changed it to one room instead of the two rooms. I guess that once you book a room with the Best Western at the 800# you can't change the reservation that it says you can in your email to confirm the reservation (so many days in advance). Totally disgusted by that part. Well, we arrived on Friday August 10, 2007 and they didn't have the one room that I thought was changed. They had the two rooms instead, the original reservation for $119.00 a night, at a total rate of $418.98 a piece. I was totally dissatisfied from my arrival. The rooms are on the very small side and if someone is walking around the bed from the window where the desk is someone had better sit down to let the person go by, because there just isn't enough room for two people to go by each other at all. Dissatisfied! The parking for the Best Western is across the street for $20 a day in a open parking lot (I checked on my car the entire time because nobody was at the lot watching the cars). Especially when they aren't responsible for what happens to your vehicle. Then on Friday August 10, 2007 (sometime after our arrival) we were sent a notice under both of our doors that we would be getting the breakfast in the morning from 6:30am-11:00am for the following morning. Well, when we got there on Saturday August 11, 2007 we were told that we didn't pay for the breakfast with the room. How much does a person have to pay extra to get a complientary breakfast in Montreal with the room? In the United States it comes with the room last time I checked in the area that I live in and a much nicer breakfast from what I was told by my daughter. What I saw at the breakfast wasn't something that I would ever pay for while traveling in my life. We all were disgusted by this and we moved to a wonderful place Chez Cora on Rue Stanley were they serve wonderful breakfast at wonderful prices. If you go try the strawberry/banana smoothie as it comes with a strawberry and grapes for $3.25. We ate there every morning during our stay. Sunday August 12, 2007 we started having a problem with our toilet in one of the rooms as it wouldn't flush. It didn't flush the rest of the time while we were there. Also, during the whole stay we all had a hard time getting water to flow alot and didn't have much hot water so to speak of, totally disgusted with the room and the price that I paid. When I checked out the Best Western Downtown Europa online at the beginning of the year 2007 I thought that they had a pool, they don't have a pool at all. Would of liked to have a pool after walking around seeing the sights all day while we were there. I guess they only have a fitness center and spa. After all the walking that you do why do you need to go to the fitness center at the Best Western? I wouldn't recommend staying here in Downtown Montreal try staying some place else instead.	
Jul 17 2007 	what a disappointment!	I've stayed at numerous BW hotels across the USA and I would have to rate the Europa in Montreal as one of the worst BW hotel that I've ever stayed in. Its true, the rooms(and bathroom) are small but they are clean. The elevators take a very long time during checkout in the morning and are so small that its hard to fit two people including luggage. The photos on the the hotel website are very misleading but the worst part of my stay was the &quot;continental breakfast&quot; that was included in the rather expensive price of the room. I arrived at 10:00am for the breakfast which is served from 6:30am - 11:00am. The so called &quot;breakfast&quot; was dismal to say the least. There was only one bagel left and hardly any other food at all! I watched as a few other guests arrived after me looking for food and they looked as disappointed as I did! The hotel was filled with students partying all night long as if it was spring break. For the same price, I can't imagine anyone would stay here rather than one of the other hotels on Sherbrooke like the Marriott!	
Jul 16 2007 	Great Place Location Price Service	The hotel lobby is very uniquely designed, the staff were extremely nice and helpful. Rooms are clean with new furniture.Room was cleaned every day, towels changed etc. - very happy.Location is fantastic - right on St. Catharines close to Place des Arts and all sorts of shops, restaurants and entertainment, very close to Peel subway station. Fantastic restaurants in the vicinity!Checking out was also a pleasure - could safely store our luggage and go for a walk. Also, on a budget esp. during jazz festival time when everything was overbooked and overpriced!Would recomment and definitely come back!!	
Jun 18 2007	Good location 	We stayed at the hotel as part of a room block for a wedding from June 14 - 17. I had read some of the reviews and had some concerns about the size of the rooms, location and customer service. We had a room with 2 double beds on the 2nd floor (214). The parents we were traveling with had a queen bed room also on the 2nd floor (211). Their bathroom was plenty big but I'm not sure if it's because I requested a bigger one. The reservationist indicated some were bigger. The bathroom in our room with 2 double beds was plenty big enough as well. Pros:- Location was fantastic- Breakfast available- Free passes to Nautilus Plus gym (around corner on St. Catherine) since their gym is renovating -- Nautilus is an amazing gym so it worked out better- Gave us several options for where to park - parked in lot directly across from hotel which turned out to be fine (safe)- Rooms clean and AC unit worked- Good price (ours was a little discounted b/c of wedding block but not much)- Big closet in double beds roomCons:- Had to ask for extar towels a couple times- Vending machines kept running out of water- Room service is only an Asian restaurant- Kept running out of items and having to ask to refill them at breakfast (i.e. milk, fruit bowl, etc)Overall this hotel worked out well for us and we'd stay there again. The front desk also told me they are renovating their spa, gym facilities and sauna into this large spa for those coming in the future (after Sept 2007).	
Jun 12 2007 	Best value in the city	We stayed at this hotel about 2 years ago and werent to impressed. We decided after shopping around to stay again because their price was good and the location is amazing. The hotel has since renovated and most lily gone through different managment becasue this place was soooo muich better this time. The new rooms are much nicer and well allocated and the bar and public areas are really well kept and presented. Their hotel bar is beautiful and the staff durin our whole trip was absolutly great and helpt us with a few problems which we had very well. WOULD DEFINETLY STAY AGAIN!. BEST LOCATION!!	
May 29 2007 	Great Location	We stayed here from May 23 to 28. We picked it for it's location. And it is a great location. Very central and easy to get to either Metro lines. Good Points: good location, good continental breakfast at good price, staff was very pleasant. Very good internet connections and free.Bad Points: tinest room I have ever been in, the washroom was so tiny that when you sat on toilet you had to sit sideways or your knees would hit tub, about 3 inch clearance between the two. No place to put toilitries in bathroom. Bed was so hard I felt I was back in Mexico, would wake up throughout night with sore side. Air Conditioner was so noisy it would wake us whenever it kicked in. Bedding -- there is a duvet but this hotel uses a sheet on the bottom and a sheet on top, hopefully they clean the duvet regularily. Note: when we originally booked it stated on website and others that this was entirely non smooking, but this is not the case. Pool and jacquzi are closed for renovations until Sept.	
Apr 15 2007	Worst North American room ever	This hotel had the worst room I have ever seen in a North American hotel: dark, tiny, and overpriced, even in Canadian dollars. I've occasionally seen rooms this small in Europe, but never before or since in Canada or the U.S. You could barely move in the bathroom. The monstrous air conditioner actually touched the bed. There was about six inches of space between the TV and the foot of the bed.	
Mar 13 2007 	bad jacuzi no steam room broken sauna	My friend and I stayed at this hotel for a night out in Montreal and to relax. The room was clean. The manager/head desk person was kinda sleezy and recomended a horrible restaurant (The Angus Steak House) next door for dinner and proceeded to try and sell us on other places to eat that sounded just as bad. The &quot;jacuzi/pool&quot; had about 6 jets and was about 15' by 6' - their picture is deceiving. The sauna was not working and there is NO steamroom! Their security person made us uncomfortable, he came up to the sixth floor where the &quot;jacuzi&quot; is three times in the 20 min. we were in there.	
Feb 28 2007 	Great Stay on a Budget	My mother and I recently spent a weekend doing some shopping in Montreal, and booked at the Best Western Europa because we had a gift card from Best Western.We were a little worried, having read some negative reviews, and another Best Western in the city told us the hotel was terrible. We loved it. We had requested a non-smoking room, and one that had been recently renovated. We checked in early, our requested room was ready, and very nice. Great fixtures in the little, brand new bathroom, and a very comfy bed.The best part of our stay was their oversized indoor jacuzzi, where we had a great long 'soak' after a long day of walking around the shops. The hotel is only about a block from St Catherine Street - you really can't find a better location to access the shops. We were not looking for anything fancy, just a comfortable place to sleep, and it met our needs perfectly.	
Jul 21 2006 	Close to (almost) everything	My wife &amp; I have traveled from North-east U.S. &amp; stayed here numerous times over the last 6 years. I agree with most of the comments from previous reviewers, however no one mentioned how close the Metro (subway) is to The Europa. It is only a 3 minute walk &amp; will let you off within a 10 minute stroll to Olde Montreal &amp; Port area.The surrounding hotel area will cater to almost every vice &amp; craving with shops, cigars, coffee, desserts , nightclubs &amp; yes, gents, even adult entertainment. Yes, the parking is a bit steep (&amp; made worse by the cranky old coot in the booth ) but it is close to the hotel. The small coffee shop in the lobby will make a tastier &amp; stronger cup than your room coffee maker. Now if they could only fit more than 3 in the elevator......	
Jul 3 2006	Perfect for the budget-minded and location!	When searching for a good place to stay, centrally located and also a prime spot for the budget-minded person, don't look past the Best Western Europa in downtown Montreal. This was the second time I have stayed here and I will say that I wasn't disappointed. We paid under $100 (U.S.) per night for the room and it was everything I expected. I didn't go in expecting the Ritz Carlton and was quite happy with everything. I have added photos of our room to this review. I, unfortunately, forgot to take pictures of the parking lot and the outside of the hotel. I had planned to take those shots, but forgot. Before getting to my pros and cons, I'll go through a couple of things. The desk people and housekeeping staff were considerate and friendly. They were also very helpful when needed and always welcomed you when coming back into the hotel. The interior is interesting and clean. I didn't check out any of the restaurants or bar in the hotel -- or any other the other hotel amenities -- so I can't comment on those.I have pretty easy standards when it comes to hotels and traveling: price, cleanliness, location and safety. I'm not looking for all the bells and whistles some people look for when traveling. Taking all those into consideration, the Best Western was a great place to be at. So first, I'll go to the pros. PROS- The room was extremely clean when we first arrived. Each day the room was cleaned and shaped up. The staff was quick and courteous when dealing with this. - The beds were comfortable and there were more than enough sheets and pillows on each bed (we had a double room). - The TV was decent sized (25-27 inch or so) and worked well. We didn't use it much, but it was nice to have when needed. - Free wireless Internet access. Very easy to connect to and quite speedy. It was nice to be able to check my email and not have to dial up somewhere. - The water in the shower was powerful enough for me. I like it when there is actually water pressure. In this situation, I wasn't disappointed. - The location for the hotel is perfect. Situated on Drummond, you are steps from St. Catharine St., and two blocks from Crescent St. The whole area is perfect. It's also a very safe area. - In regard to safety, the hotel has a system set up where you have to use your key card to enter the hotel after a certain time as well as needing said card to access the elevator after a certain time. In five nights in Montreal, I also never had any problems with my key cards. - I can't reiterate how nice and helpful the staff was. We didn't utilize them often, but with checking in, checking out and the few questions we asked, they were always professional and smiling. You can't ask for much more than that. - Just a couple blocks from a metro station (Peel), which is even better.MIDDLE GROUND (Not a con for me, but might be for others).- Room size. It's small, so don't let anyone kid you differently. You can see in my photos that the room is tight. But it's to be expected. I've stayed in probably 8-9 different hotels in my travels to Montreal and not many have huge rooms. Not in this price range, anyway. For two people traveling and probably even three -- this wouldn't be bad. We had a king room a couple years ago and had 4-5 people and it wasn't bad. But the double we were in isn't made for many more than 2-3 people. I could see where a family would have a hard time with it. But, if you don't expect to spend much time there, it's not bad.- Parking. The lot is across the street and independently owned. It's $20 (Can) per night. They jam a lot of cars in the lot. There is also a parking lot about 3 buildings down from the hotel. These lots are a little shabby, but did the job for me. There always seemed to be someone on duty, which was nice. My car was perfect when we left and nothing had happened. Seemed fine to me, but I know a lot of people are worried about the lot. - The air conditioner. This kind of goes as a pro and con for me. The pro part was that it worked well. The con part is when you put the shade over the window at the night, it kind of covered it, so by morning, the AC wasn't flowing as well and it was warmer in the room. - Elevators. There are two of them and they are each pretty small. Didn't bother me because we were never trying to cram in with a ton of others, but I could see where if people were staying longer and had a lot more luggage, it could be hard to use these. CONSThe only reason I couldn't give the hotel a 5-star rating was that there were a couple things I would consider cons. Now mind you, I gave this place a 4, but it was actually like a 4.5. - Bathroom size. I like a bigger bathroom. I hate having to feel cramped when I'm getting out of the shower. I felt that way here. I was out of the shower and right in front of the toilet and sink. It was too crammed for my liking. - Windows. There was one window in the main room and one in the bathroom (although the glass they used for the one in the bathroom wouldn't allow you to look out, it was more to allow light in). The window wasn't too big and it was partially taken up by the AC unit. I just like natural light, so an extra or bigger window would have been nice. - Electric outlets. There weren't enough of them near the chairs/table, allowing two people to plug laptops in, as well as keeping a lamp and the TV plugged in. They were too spread out and in spots where they were only good for like charging camera batteries or a cell phone. Wasn't too bad, but could be a little annoying.OVERVIEWThe positives of this hotel far outweighed the negatives. While we had some cons with our stay, they weren't enough to make us sour on the hotel. It was a pleasant stay and well worth the money. We stayed for five nights and each was fine. Checking in and checking out were both easy and painless. The room was ready when we arrived and everyone was friendly. I'd stay here again and would highly recommend others to stay here.	
Jun 20 2006	POOR FACILITIES AND SHABBY ROOMS	This hotel is well situated for the underground and is a safe area. I had no worries about walking around at nighttime.However the rooms are shabby and in need of a complete overhaul.We had 3 rooms on 3 seperate floors for our various family and all 3 were shabby, dimly lit, chipped furniture, stained carpets, torn or loose wallpaper and paint and stained ceilings. Bathrooms were very small ( even by uUK standards) and electrical system was dubious.Power sockets were loose on walls and coffee maker was in bathroom right at the side of the sink. The phrase, electricity and water , springs to mind.The corridors were uninviting and scruffy.The staff were very helpful and friendly.The restaurant was pricy and the cafe joined to the hotel was erratic with opening hours.This has a 4 * grading and i have seen many other hotels in Montreal with this grading much more appealing than this.I would not stay here again, nor recommend to others.	
Jun 6 2006	Exactly what I wanted	I stayed at the BW Europa in May 2006. It is still a Best Western, unlike some of the listings in Trip Advisor. I had booked on the Internet at about 100 dollars through the BW website which I have found gets me a better price than some ‘discount’ websites - I would struggle to get any hotel at this price in the UK.The location was ideal for me being 10 minutes walk from the main rail station and 5 minutes from Crescent and St Catherine. I had no problems on the streets up to 11 pm.I was well pleased by the hotel. The second floor room was freshly refurbished with a nice bathroom and had an ironing board and iron. It looked onto in internal courtyard and was quiet, I had one disturbance which may have been a rubbish collection but nothing else. The front and sides look onto quiet streets. Only at the rear where there is an open car park and a view onto Crescent would I think there might be some noise. The shower worked well. Breakfast was from 6 am to 11 with an attentive and helpful waiter offering a wide variety of breakfast items. The restaurant was closed on Sunday night but there are plenty of places to eat on Crescent. I would change one thing and put a bigger shelf in the bathroom if I were going to share the room. Everything was very clean and staff polite and helpful.As to the comments made by others, you might not like that the rooms were compact with no safe. Neither of these issues bothered me. I didn’t need to park, I travel by train and rent a car if I need one on the day. The room would be cosy with 2 guests sharing.There is another Best Western on Sherbrooke, nearer the University but further out of the centre. Sherbrooke is quite busy with traffic. I think I chose the right one with the Europa and I would go again.	
May 1 2006	Fine with us!	We were very satisfied with this hotel. We booked short notice, two days ahead and paid $129.00. It is a short walk from the train station; when we arrived (around noon) our room was not ready but the reception desk kindly offered to store our luggage. We took off for lunch and returned a few hours later but the room was still not ready. The staff were very apologetic and offered us a jacuzzi suite so we were pleased. The room was lovely! We had a great nights sleep and did not here any street noise. We went down for breakfast and had lots of fruit, etc. Our train did not leave until after check-out time but reception offered to store our luggage again which we thought was quite nice. The location of this hotel is super. I'm not sure if we just got lucky or if the rooms are being renovated but we had no complaints about anything!	
Apr 17 2006	It's the PITS!	I believe that this hotel misrepresents itself on the web. Yes parking is available,...it costs $20.00 per day to have it parked in a crumbling lot outside in front of the hotel. Breakfast was supposed to come with the reservation,...if breakfast counts as the self-serve coffee pot in your room, than I guess that's breakfast. There was no exercise room per the advertisement. The curtain in the room didn't close all the way and the hotel is downtown with bright city lights shining in. The heat didn't work and the man at the front desk resolved the situation by sending up extra blankets. The room was the size of a broom closet and the bathroom was so small, I had to put my feet on the edge of the tub to sit down on the toilet. They did have hot water, it just took five minutes to warm up. And the bed was so hard I would've been better off on the floor. And finally, they made the bed in a funky way by sandwiching the comforter in between two flat sheets to hide the stained mess of a comforter they had on the bed. As for the help, everyone actually seemed nice enough, they just didn't have any answers. I asked how much a phone call was and after waiting for fifteen minutes the girl came back with a helpless shrug. Even during peak lobby hours, they only had one girl behind the desk who was friendly enough, but it took us over an hour to check-out. I'm a well travelled person and I don't expect a lot out of a hotel, but this is by far the worst hotel I've stayed in outside of a third world country.	
Mar 4 2006	Close to everything!	Great hotel! Good food at the resturant, great bar for relaxing and close to shopping and the Via Rail station	
Feb 16 2006	Smallest room ever...	Man, I look back and think abt this place and I'm like amazed. This place had the tiniest room EVER. Two people can't move around this room. We were hating ourselves for booking this room, but then we thought it was funny to bump into each other :-)The parking is a pain too. The only good part is it's downtown and you can walk around the place...I'd not go there again and suggest people to get a bigger room unless, of course, you're single. The pictures on their website actually enticed us. The lobby was great though, should admit...	
Nov 27 2005 	Left after the first night	I left the hotel for another one after the first night -- had I just trusted the bad reviews here...The room consisted of a large TV set (American-style), a bed, and a bathroom. It was lacking daylight (the window -- to the extent it wasn't blocked by the gargantuous air conditioner -- gave me a view of the courtyard, which had its ground level above the floor of the room), a chair, a table, and even an elementary amount of space.The breakfast buffet was rather elementary and uninviting, the coffee dreadful.I can confirm the alarm clocks in other room comments from others, and can also confirm the seemingly-recent over-the-top-ness of the lobby, which contrasts heavily with the rest of the hotel.There was nothing charming or &quot;European&quot; about this hotel. Don't go there.	
Oct 25 2005 	I will never stay here again	I am a seasoned traveller &amp; this is by far the WORST place I have ever stayed. The only thing going for it is the location - it's right off Ste-Catherine St, one of the main drags in Montreal. But that's it.I checked in at 4:30pm on a Wednesday &amp; learned that my room wasn't yet ready, although check-in was 3pm. No apology or offer of alternate accomodations. I had requested a queen bed, non-smoking room and had to argue for something else in the meantime. They offered me a room with 2 doubles instead, since I absolutely had to prepare for a meeting and needed my room. I took it and when I made it upstairs, the room they had given me was under renovation -- construction tools all over the floor, the window A/C unit on the ground, dirt everywhere, no toilet. When I went back down to the front desk, there was again no apology and I was told I would need to wait at least 1½ hours for ANYTHING to become available to me.It turns out the guy serving me was the front desk manager and didn't give a hoot about the extremely inconvenient situation in which he was placing me. I was carrying 2 suitcases and a laptop and he claimed there was no room for him to check them somewhere for me so that I could at least go find something to eat while waiting for my room. Luckily some extremely nice travellers from BC overheard my predicament and offered to keep my bags in THEIR room.Came back to the hotel at 6pm, as told, and finally my room was available, 3 hours after the 3pm check-in. Went upstairs, the key doesn't work. Went downstairs for re-coding. Back upstairs, key doesn't work again. Back downstairs for re-coding. Once I finally got in my room, to my utter non-surprise, the Europa drops the ball AGAIN. They gave me the most filthy, disgusting smoking room I've ever been in - browned wallpaper, film on the windows and cigarette burns on the bedspread. The smell was absolutely putrid (my brief time in this room had smelled up my clothes so badly that I had to have them cleaned the next day).Furious, I returned to the front desk and demanded the room I reserved. Luckily there had been a shift change and the useless front desk manager had been replaced by a lovely young woman who was gracious, apologetic and very understanding. She booked me into a suite with a king bed for my trouble. The room was acceptable, but dated and like the rest of the hotel, appeared cheap and dirty. There was a huge soaker tub in the bathroom which was its only redeeming quality. Given the overall shabby appearance of the hotel, my experience and the way I was treated, I will never stay here again. I wrote a 3-page complaint letter to Best Western head office once my trip was complete and they were at least nice enough to offer up a written apology for my negative experience.FYI, there is no parking available here, just a paid lot across the street. As well, all the windows in the rooms are sealed shut, so there is no way you can get fresh air into the room to at least chase some of the musty smell away.Do yourself a favour - spend an extra couple of bucks and go somewhere else. The price of this place is definitely appealing, but I learned the hard way that you get what you pay for.	
Oct 5 2005	For those in need of a suite	We were able to find two rooms available at this hotel on a weekend with several conferences in town. We booked them right away over the phone without really knowing anything about the hotel. When we arrived at the hotel, we were offered their penthouse suite, for the same $$ we were paying for the 2 seperate rooms. This is a huge suite. We had 2 very large rooms, 4!!!! bathrooms (1 with a whirlpool tub) a full eat in kitchen, very large living room, washer &amp; dryer &amp; the absolute best part was a large private tarrace with BBQ. This suite was very convinient as we were two families with 3 infants, &amp; they were able to run around all over. Now, for the negatives, While we thought this was a good deal for us, at the price we paid, we were told the running rate is apx. $1000.00 per night. At 1000.00 per night I would be very disapointed. The kitchen wasn't well stocked,( as to the basics, i.e., soap, paper towels, dish cloths, etc. ) the dryer in one bathroom wasn't working, one of the rooms did not have a t.v., there was a loud noise coming from the other side of the suite that sounded like some sort of machinery that went on all night long, it did not keep us, or more importantly our kids from sleeping, and you have to go up 2 flights of stairs, as the elevator stops two level below the suite. I would stay here again with kids, at the same price we paid.	
Sep 30 2005	European Luxury with Parking Problems	This is a good location if you want to be near the business or shopping areas or if you want to watch NHL action at Bell Center. It is a bit far from Old Port, however.The hotel is easy to find but if you arrive by car be prepared to pay an extra 17 CAD per night. That will give you access to an independently owned parking lot opposite of the hotel. And in this downtown area you do not have much choice when it comes to finding a place for your car.Once you are inside the hotel you will find yourself in a clean and luxurious European-style environment. I stayed in a well-sized room with excellent furniture including a business chair. Also, you will find an in-room coffee maker and a hair dryer. No fridge or microwave, though. The only downside was that there was no outside view. Only a wall of the opposite building.There are different rate plans available. Make sure that the breakfast is included in your rate. It really is worth every cent. It is served in the hotel restaurant and includes many hot and cold items like sausages and fruit.The overall rating is definitely above average. However, the hotel could get an excellent rating if the parking situation was better solved.	
Sep 6 2005	Best Western Europa Downtown	We stayed in the Best Western for 4 nights in August 2005. We were extremely happy with the hotel. Our room was on the 3rd floor, yes it was a bit small but we had enough room to manoeuve around the bottom of the bed - could have did without the table and chairs. We couldn't fault the hotel. The room and bathroom were clean and comfortable, the staff again were fantastic and the cleaning lady gave me extra large towels for the whole of our stay. The breakfast each morning was extensive and tasty and replenished regularly. Like other reviewers said it is in prime location to St Catherine's Street and everything is easily accessible from there. Only downside is that we dined in a restaurant on our last nite and the waiter complained that we didnt give him enough of a tip (We thought 13% of the bill wasnt too bad). He informed us that the standard is 15-20% or more. I could not believe the cheek so beware when tipping!!!! We have no hesitation in recommending this hotel - good value for money, prime location and good rooms.	
Aug 24 2005	Nice place to stay	We stayed there for 2 nights in July 2005. The room was small, but very clean. The AC was loud and either just cold as ice or you to turn it off. Very friendly staff. The Breakfast was great. At that time the swimming world championships were in Montreal and we had the waterpolo team of Australia in our hotel. That was positive for my spouse, so she had something more to look at it. The hotel is near Bell Center and St. Catherines Street. If you´re looking for a nice hotel at a fair price, this is the place to stay.	
Aug 22 2005	Not bad really!	I guess it all depends on the traveller. I wouldn't stay here on a romantic weekend with my wife, but the purpose of my stay here was to go to the Hockey game with my buddies!The location is perfect, as mentioned in other reviews, and it is about a two minute walk to Centre Bell. One of the closest hotels to the arena. I think I was also blessed with the only large room of all the reviews. There was more than enough space in our double room.I really is good value.	
Aug 9 2005	Not bad !	Hello !I have spend 3 nights in this hotel. I had booked it before I had read the reviews here so I was a bit worried that maybe I had booked too quickly. Ok, the lobby is a bit over the top, so what ? The room was small, but clean. So was the bathroom. I live in Europe and over here we are quite used to small rooms like that. There was a welcome coffee and tea set in the room. The airco can be put cooler or warmer, you just have to find the buttons. The hotel is situated at 2 minutes from St-Catharine street which is great. In short, I didn't have any complaint here in this hotel. The staff was friendly as well. If you don't look for grand luxury this is a good hotel. Of course, if you want the big thing, then you better look for a 4-star hotel.	
Jul 4 2005	The rest of the story ...	I booked a room here wearily after reading all the mixed reviews, then checked in and discovered the rest of the story. One TripAdvisor guest complains this hotel is a &quot;fire hazard&quot; because a set of emergency stairs leads to an alley -- what he/she doesn't say is the small five-story hotel is adjacent to a city firehouse, making the location one of the safest around. Yes, the 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea lobby is definitely different, and, yes, many of the guest rooms are small, but for $100 U.S. a night on a summer festival weekend, I couldn't find a cleaner, more comfortable value (and I started looking six months ago). Everyone from the check-in staff to housekeeping crew was hardworking, polite and professional. I'm glad a few disgruntled reviewers expecting the Ritz didn't discourage me from making a reservation at this hotel. For its central location, cost, cleanliness and comfort, I'll definitely stay at the Europa again.	
Jun 30 2005	Tiny room ok location	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for one night on our recent trip to Quebec. The location was fine and the staff friendly and helpful, the price was decent compared to what I could find on the web from the US. However, the room was really tiny, I mean much worse than similar hotels I'dstayed in. There was only one chair so one of us always had to sit on the bed. There was no room around the bed to open a suitcase, for example on the floor, or a table. We had to use the bed for that as well. The bathroom was large by comparison. This might be alright for one person with limited luggage but we were on the tail end of a two week vacation so we had two large suitcases and room didn't work for us at all. Of all the hotels we stayed in during our trip this was the only one that made us feel so claustrophobic.	
Jun 27 2005	Great Stay for the Price	My husband stayed at this hotel for 4 nights while were in Montreal for the F1 races. The front desk staff were very nice and professional as were the maids and restaurant staff. The room was better than okay. It was clean and the area in which we stayed was quiet. We received free breakfast with our stay and it was okay but plentiful.Overall, I enjoyed this hotel. Free bottled water each day (which was great as it was HOT and humid). We walked to restaurants and to the metro with no problems. We will stay again....	
Jun 17 2005	More that happy to return	We stayed here for 4 nights while at the F1 Grand Prix. Excellent hotel , clean, staff polite and smiling.Great free breakfast , more than enough to keep us going all day . Free bottle water &amp; fruit on offer all day in the lobby.Pleasent hotel bar to retrun too at night ! More than happy to return to hotel if I every come back to Montreal. As all Montreal hotels - cost more than normal that weekend due to the F1	
May 24 2005	I was very unhappy	In general I love the BW hotels. This one was easy to find. Centrally located. We asked for a quiet room, we got a room facing the street. Hotel has no parking, parking opposite charged CAD 17.50 add it to the price of the hotel and the deal is no deal. The room was tiny. We paid cash, gave the visa card as guarantee. Got back the visa slip the next day, found a month later that we have been debited for an extra CAD 12 and cannot get a reply why. Don't go there before you check all details.	
Apr 20 2005	Depends on what you are looking for.	It really depends on the type of traveller you are. If you like to lounge in bed for many hours in the morning, watch movies...enjoy great room service etc.... this is NOT the hotel for you.This hotel is best suited for younger folks that will be spending very limited hours in the room. It's a great hotel just to put your head down at night and crash. The rooms are clean and humble, definately small. The hotel is definately safe.Probably the only reason I ever stayed at this place was when I was on a limited budget and wanted a place close to the action. There are 6 strip clubs less than 2 blocks from the hotel. A large number of really good fast food places serviing a variety of ethnic dishes, and the fabled Cresent street is only 2 streets west of the hotel.I do have to say the hotel bar is overpriced, and housekeeping takes forever if your room is higher than the 3rd floor.To summerize, you stay here for location and price. Not for luxury.	
Apr 18 2005	no complaints	My sister from British Columbia met me in Montreal for the weekend, myself coming from Nova Scotia...Location, location, location,We booked this place before reading the reviews...so glad we did because I read a lot of negative reviews &amp; was worried..it was all for not..the desk staff was sooo friendly &amp; accomadating, the restaurant staff was friendly&amp; the room was as good as you can expect for the price you would pay anywhere else. The location was the best we could've gotten..right downtown,it was all there..had to add my 2 cents worth..Cathy	
Apr 2 2005 	Unprepared hostile and a fire hazard.	While on a band trip with my school concert band and choir, we stayed in the Best Western Europa Hotel. After I was checked in we attempted to enter our rooms. Their card key system did not work. I needed to get our room keys (cards) reprogramed seven times on the first day, and many times later during our three night trip. The cleaner used in my rooms left a bad odor. Although some staff members were helpful, kind and a pleasure to talk to, others were not. Prank callers phoned in and asked for a wake up call at two in the morning for my room, and the reception desk called us at eleven thirty PM to confirm the call. After I said that I did not want a wake up call that early and that it must have been a prank call, the lobby told me that they could not prevent the call as it was already entered into the computer. (Why bother comfirming if they could not change it)? This happened again, but I found out about it (while going down to fix my room key) before it was entered. What I found most ensulting about this hotel was the security gaurd, who used told a client (also on my trip) to &quot;shut up&quot; also using profanities. The ice machines were all broken but one on the fifth floor, the second floor vending machine ate your money and had no &quot;out of order sign&quot;. All the other ones were unstocked on many things. The maids (who were very nice) seemed overworked. Worst of all, the hotel only had one flight of stairs that did not open into the lobby instead to an ally beside (this door had an alarm but no warning of one). Not only did this make the elevators extremely busy, but also if there was a fire in the ally that had spread into the north end of the hotel, there would be no escape route, as would there be none for the first floor if the lobby was ablaze. The lobby workers were not helpful in giving directions either.	
Dec 2 2004	Not as bad as everyone else thinks	As two young travelers we really enjoyed our stay at this best western. our room was exceptionally large and spacey. and the bathroom was actually a good size and had complimentary pantene pro v shampoo and dove body wash! the location of the hotel was great because it is right off of st. catherines str. the service was great and we arrived around noon and we were able to check in early with no problem. the staff was very kind and considerate but there was a little mix up with the hotel price which was taken care of quickly and with no problems!! at night when we would return we felt very safe since there was a security officer waiting to greet us and let us in. The only real problem we had was the price of parking which was $38 which is inconvenient since parking is usually free. also the windows should not be sealed shut. having fresh air would have been nice. All in all we had a great stay and would definitely stay there again!	
Nov 6 2004	Not that bad - a bit odd	We had two nights here, and found the location excellent. The room was OK, and the high speed internet access worked fine (unlike another Best Western we stayed in). We disliked the lack of fresh air in the room - unable to open the windows or adjust the aircon to allow fresh air in.The public rooms are decorated on a theme of 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea by Jules Verne - distinctive, but not to my taste!The guy overseeing breakfasts was very friendly and helpful - other staff less so.	
Oct 26 2004	Worst - We Renamed it 'The Cave'	For $139/night you and your partner can stay in a closet - the space was the smallest room we have ever encountered in our travels. Thus we upgraded to $159/night - we could both walk around the bed at the same time! However, the view of the brick wall did not change from that of the first room. Also, this was a smoking room, with no ventilation and windows that were sealed shut. By morning our throats and nostrils were burning. By the way, we bought a bottle of wine, no corkscrew in the room, no fridge for that matter. Front desk would not loan us the corkscrew and we had to bring the bottle down to them! This six story, poorly kept hotel is a definate no-no in Montreal or anywhere. There are many affordable places to stay in Montreal. We checked out first thing and moved to another hotel.	
Oct 26 2004	Not recommended	Simple. I would just stay somewhere else. The room we stayed in felt dirty and cheap. The staff were horrendous in they way they treat you. i stayed at 5 hotels in Canda on my trip, 4 were Best westerns. This was by far the worst. They argued with me about charges, then the next day they were myseriously missing off the bill. the bell boy informed me i had to tip him, and when i informed the manager that i would decide when to tip someone, she replied that they do not do that sort of thing there. I hope she tells the bell boy. Looking around there were more than enough hotels in the area for the same price if not cheaper, so why take the risk.	
Oct 21 2004	A bit hard	Felt compelled to give my opinion following the string of bad reviews , my wife and i felt the hotel offered reasonable rooms in an excellent location for bars,shopping etc. Rooms were clean though a little basic and maintained every day, tried the asian restaurant but didn't like it (maybe down to my taste as others loved it). Found reception staff efficient and courteous and found the locality safe for such a lively area.	
Sep 9 2004	Location overrides everything else	This is the BEST location to stay if you're into shopping, nightlife, people watching at a cafe, walking around to the sights or anything else Montreal. St. Catherine is 50 feet from the front door! The cafes and clubs on Cresent are just two blocks away. The hotel was easy to get to driving into Montreal and parked across the street (although a little pricey but all parking is). Ok, the room was a little crampy and the bathroom door bumped into the towel rack so it didn't open all the way. But spending more time outside of the room than in, it didn't bother me. I was able to sneak a peak into other rooms with 2 queen beds and they were a lot larger. It may just depend on which room or suite you get stuck with. We had a room at the end of the corridor whichh probably helped with the layout of it. The hotel could use a face-lift but everything I saw was clean and the staff was friendly, even when a group of 10 were looking for a sight-seeing tour at the height of check-ins. Overall, I would stay here again to be in the middle of it all without shelling out a lot of money (need to save that for the shopping).	
Sep 4 2004	Looks good from the outside-looks can be deceiving	Previously stayed at the nearby Novotel (one block west and recommended) and decided to try this hotel-looked nice from the outside. Good location but small rooms with very small bathrooms, about the worst view I've ever come across, stained carpet in the corridors and not particularly helpful staff when we arrived early. On site restaurants were never tried (there are far better in the neighbourhood -try Chez Cora for breakfast -a couple of blocks east). Not a comfortable spot from which to enjoy exploring Montreal (our favourite city). Hotel was one of the reasons we cut our stay (in Montreal) short. Not recommended.	
Sep 3 2004	It's not as bad as everyone seems to think	Honestly, it's not as bad as everyone seems to think. I've stayed here twice (in the summer of 2003 and 2004), had a great stay both times and will continue to stay here in the future. Yes, the room is small and the lobby is alittle on the modern medival/tacky side, but who comes to Montreal to hang out in their hotel room? It's reasonably priced, has an amazing location (near Crescent St., Ste. Catherine St., and the Metro) and incredible restaurants are always easy to find.The staff is also very friendly and helpful. You might get the odd person who speaks french and not much english, but you have to remember.... you're in Montreal, what do you expect?	
Aug 28 2004	Do not stay!!	I DO NOT recommend this hotel at all. The only good thing I have to say is that the location is great. My husband and I decided to stay here on their web deal of stay 2 nights and get the 3rd free. What it didn't say is that you'd have to fight with reception to get this deal. The lobby is VERY tacky looking. The room we stayed in was appaulingly small. The bathroom is so small that you literally had to hang your feet into the bathtub to use the washroom. They also have no parking and no parking recommendations for you. For 3 nights we ended up having to pay $51 for parking. The hotel restaurant is Japanese only so if your not into that, then your screwed.Overall, I found the whole experience terrible, the staff not friendly at all and even though everything appeared clean, it felt very dirty.	
Aug 22 2004	Best Western Europa - Montreal	We found your review to be right on! Location is great, lobby bordering tacky, food was okay, room was small, bathroom extremely small, heard other alarm clocks from empty rooms CONTINUOUSLY (reported to lobby-with no result), and not real clean.	
Aug 19 2004	Not impressed	Stayed here in August 2004 - found the lobby unusual, verging on tacky! The rooms are very small and grubby and the bathrooms are tiny. Its in a good location but would not stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 17 2004	Small but servicable		
Aug 5 2004	Small with Big Attitude		
Jul 16 2004	Excellent location		
Nov 26 2003	Good Place to Stay		
Oct 30 2003	Don't stay here		
Sep 15 2003	Fair hotel		
Aug 5 2003	Never Again!		
Jul 5 2003	Bug alert!		
Oct 19 2002	would never stay again		
Sep 4 2002	Yikes		
Nov 4 2009 	Un bon Hôtel en Centre ville		
Sep 26 2009 	Pessimo albergo		
Sep 6 2009 	pessimo albergo		
Aug 23 2009 	Très bien situé. Bon rapport qualité /prix		
May 7 2009	pas terrible		
Mar 3 2009	???????????		
