	Great hotel; Phenomenal staff	Good accommodations in an excellent location for a reasonable price. Comfortable, spacious rooms were exactly the home base we needed to explore the city and nightlife. Breakfast included from the Bistro was a nice plus. When our car got broken into (recommend paying a little extra to park in the hotel's garage instead of street parking) the hotel staff could not have been more helpful. Paul came to the rescue of these three American travelers and helped us deal with the difficult situation from every angle -- always exceedingly gracious. Recommend Hotel De Paris to any travelers visiting Montreal. We'll definitely stay here the next time we visit!	
Oct 13 2009 	Terrible place	The room was very dirty. There was dust on the window sill, fan and bedside table. There was also a large spider web in one corner with a large spider crawling on it. There were several walls that had holes in them, and finally there was no TV or phone.	
Aug 26 2009 	Over-priced and dirty	Like others, I was pleased with the exterior and location of the Hotel de Paris, but very dissapointed with the room itself. It was cramped, and dirty (we actually had a plane of sheet glass sitting behind one of the curtains in our room, leaning against the TV cabinet). We cycled into Montreal, and stayed here based on the fact that it had the Route Verte certification, but were very dissapointed with the bicycle parking amenities (we were told to bring our tandem bike up two flights of stairs to place in our room).	
Aug 22 2009 	Good location but disappointing overall and definitely over-priced	First thing I should mention is that we stayed in the annex across across the road from the main hotel.&quot;Run down&quot; would be the expression that would most accurately describe the place. Either that or &quot;done on the cheap&quot;. The towels were thin and small, and they were replaced on a seemingly random basis. The building itself could have been doing with a lick of paint, and the exterior garden was overgrown and shabby. Little things that are easly fixed but make a big impression - clearly the owners do not see this as a priority.For example, the cleanliness left a lot to be desired (dusty shelf, floor could have been swept with a bit more effort) and the shower cubicle was tiny (was really hard to move around in - let's just say if you were even slightly obese you would have a job even getting into it!). There was a stained old rug on the floor which I made a point of avoiding when walking barefoot! The window shutters were cumbersome, and the AC unit was completely and utterly useless - it clearly hadn't been cleaned in eons, and therefore served no purpose other than to sound like a jumbo jet taking off.Breakfast isn't worth mentioning - go to Cora's and enjoy a proper meal!PLUS: Good location.MINUS: No working AC facility despite being listed as such.	
May 31 2009 	Nice place near McGill	I enjoyed this small hotel which is in a very good location.I was able to walk everywhere I wanted togo. I took the suite. It had a balcony overlooking the old city. My twin daughters who will attend McGill next year stayed in a budget room. The staff were helpful and prices were very reasonable for downtown.	
May 19 2009 	Great little boutique type hotel	We stayed at Hotel de Paris on the long May weekend. We had a very cute room on the second floor of the hotel with a queen bed at a very reasonable price. The room was spotless and the staff friendly. It is a smaller hotel, not a chain and that's what I liked about it, it has tons of character and is just a pleasant relaxing place to be. Great location near a ton of restaurants and the metro. Highly recommended.	
May 19 2009 	Things NOT to do in Montreal: 1. stay at Hotel de Paris	When arriving and looking at the Hotel, you might think that it looks like a nice little Hotel to stay in while in Montreal. When leaving, you will think ... never again.Ok, first up, the setting. We were a small group, in the age group of 28 to 60, and well, slightly over the age of finding it exciting to backpack and stay in dilapidated hostels, because that's exactly what this is, just for a higher price. And also, I can see that they apparently have a youth hostel part aswell, but we stayed in what is referred to as the &quot;hotel&quot; part of Hotel de Paris. So this review does not concern the &quot;hostel/auberge de jeunesse&quot;.We paid up-front for two days, I guess the alarm bells should have been ringing already there, as when do you ever pay the stay up-front, other than in a place where they are used to having people run from the bill.Anyway, once in the entrance, you start getting the feel of the place. The entrance was being renovated so it was dirty, had a makeshift congierge desk and didn't look very inviting. The receptionist was reasonably friendly but overall seemed rather uninterrested.We then got to our rooms: small was the first impression, the bed was just hard and small and short, there was a linen and another sheet to keep us warm (thank god we did not come in the winter!), furniture was generally just old and in places falling to pieces. Tiny television from the early 90's, tiny bathroom, again everything just kind of seemed like it was falling apart. The walls had been partly painted in places and still looked like a work in progress, the curtains were kept on the window with some home-made fittings. It was just not very inviting, and when you look around you start thinking that you will do your best to spend as little time as possible in the room.Then, closer look, dirt on the window sill, dirt in every corner, dust, chewing gum under the desk etc. Basically, once you finally arrive home, the first thing you do is to put all clothes and material that has been in contact with the room into the washer.The atmosphere, well, mainly young people were staying in the hotel. This just meant that it was loud, people running around the corridors screaming, and it also smellt of marijuana for a large part of a rainy saturday. The walls are paper thin as well, so we had to listen to our neighbours have sex,... several times, which again just added to an already unpleasant experience. The only reason we actually stayed the two nights was part laziness and part the fact that we were not planning to be in the Hotel except for a quick sleep. And to be honest, when you are in a hotel like this, sleep is not exaclty what you feel like either.Now some might think, well, this sounds like the place to stay for backpackers, and again, I would have to say no, as this place costs $100 CAD per person per night. An incredible price for such a place. Had this place cost under $100 CAD per ROOM per night, I might have been able to accept the quality, but for that price I expected so much more.And then of course breakfast is included... on their website, which by the way looks very nice (http://www.hotel-montreal.com/) they state that the &quot;continental breakfast&quot; is included. Their continental breakfast is 1 coffee/tea, 1 croissant, 1 orange juice. Don't expect jams or chocolate spread or any ham or cheese etc. Fair dues, the croissant was good, it was still an overall dissappointing experience. The bistro is, as also the hotel, quite dilapidated.Any positives? Yes the location isn't half bad. 10 - 20 minute walking distance to downtown depending on your speed.So overall, this place just seems to be run by people who have no particular interest to be in the hotelling business, or potentially they just don't have a clue. It looks like a place that's there to take whatever money it can get without paying any particular attention to making the customer happy or having return business, because I cannot see how anyone would want to return quite frankly. One thing is to have an old mansion at your disposal, but then making this out of it? Clueless. And if you want to get anywhere in the business, the least you can do is keep the rooms clean. To be honest, looking at the house, there is potential, it just needs someone who cares and who knows a thing of two about renovation, because whatever is in there, should just be torn down to start anew.	
May 19 2009	Clean and affordable	This hotel was great, many many many stairs! Clean rooms, we stayed in a budget two star and it was small, however the bathroom was completely new, and the sheets were clean. front desk is very kind and helpful. Excellent location if you want to walk to the village or latin quarter. And Rue st catherine is about a 10 dollar cab ride. Breakfast was modest, but just enough to get you started in the morning choice of fresh muffin or croissent with tea/coffee and a small cup of juice. Could not ask for more at 89 dollars a night. Honestly if your going to drink or shop and dont plan on using your room for anything other than a place to sleep. Hotel de Paris is a great bang for your buck!	
May 11 2009 	It is a great pace to stay	I came with 2 other friends on a cross-country trip and they set us up in the Hostel area. The staff were really nice and were able to give us great advice on activities. We also made friends with another group of young people in the lounge and ended up going on excursions together—we had a blast!	
May 10 2009 	Cute little hotel	I enjoyed my stay at Hotel de Paris. I was on business in Montreal and loved the location close enough to walk to all my meetings downtown and some great restaurants. The room was clean, quiet, comfortable and had free WIFI and a small desk to complete all my work. The hotel has character and friendly staff. Definitely a more enjoyable experience than another Holiday Inn. I would definitely go back especially for the price.	
Apr 13 2009 	Good Solid Accomadations.	I stayed at the hotel for the Easter long weekend. The location was excellent and the room was on the 3rd floor. It was clean, cozy and quiet. Very nice accomadations especially for a standard room. The manager at the front desk was extremely helpful and gave me great directions to get around the city. Great experince at a very affordable price.	
Mar 26 2009 	Worst Hotel Experience of All Time	Awful experience at Hotel de Paris, Montreal. Hotel is divided between two buildings on either side of Sherbrooke Street. This is quite inconvenient as I will explain. Please read my review of this horrible place.The towels were frayed, thin, small. The bed sheets were thread-bare and see-through. No extra blankets. No shampoo or conditioner, lotion as is customary at most hotels. No clock, tv was very small, shower curtain was too small for the shower opening, water all over because of this. Shower curtain rod was a tension rod that slipped down the shower walls and fell down with every shower taken.Bed was old, creeky, extremely poor quality mattress. Lamp and room lighting was poor. Large wooden window shutters instead of curtains or blinds were difficult and cumbersome and allowed in full view from the street or zero. Room did not have a coffee machine and breakfast voucher from cafe was a rip. If you want to take your bagel and coffee from the cafe to go you are forced to pay extra to do so for each breakfast. When questioned why, they were hard pressed to provide an answer.The room was not supplied with kleenex tissues and had only one roll of toilet paper. I had to cross the street and ask for another.The closet and room in general was small. Bathroom was miniscule.It looks like they tried to spend money on the finishes. The washroom had nice tiles and the shower looked nice. However, the taps made this extremely high pitched, loud sound when the shower was running. It sounded like a fire alarm going off and nothing we adjusted could make the sound dissipate. They should have spent the money on details like this instead of pretty tiles.I woke up to the smell of cigarette smoke on Saturday morning. When I spoke to the front desk about it they said that no one was smoking in the rooms. I'm not sure how they could know that for sure from across the street. No one offered to look into it or follow up with me. Customer service lacking.I can't think of one thing that was positive about this experience. All around, it was the WORST HOTEL I have ever stayed at. I would not recommend it to my worst enemy. Go elsewhere and be glad you did.	
Mar 22 2009 	great value great place for young people	Enjoyed my stay here. I took a budget room for 74 canadian dollars with my girlfriend. It was small but clean. This turned out to be $53.00 US, a great deal for downtown montreal. There is also a youth hostel attached to the hotel, so we could use the kitchen and common room facilities and met a lot of nice people. On our way out the cleaning girl was cleaning one of the deluxe rooms. It was awesome, like a 5 star hotel, huge beautiful room with balcony overlooking the whole city. Did i mention the building? Its special. Look at the photos on the site.	
Mar 16 2009 	very good small hotel	I had been staying in Old Montreal at the Nineteenth Century hotel for a few days. Changed to Hotel de Paris downtown in the plateau, better price and better location. This is another beautiful building. The lobby was under renovation but my room (I asked for a luxury room) was great. It was huge and had a large balcony overlooking the city. There is a youth hostel attached to the hotel and it was a nice place to meet some young people. Ann Munster	
Jan 13 2009 	One of the Worst Experiences	This hotel was one of the worst in my experience. Don't stay there ifyou are over 25. It is noisy inside and out, and the room was tiny and dirty. Don't be fooled by the romantic sounding name either...there's Nothing charming about this dilapidated old building.	
Jan 7 2009 	not good hotel it is a hostal.. for backpacker	The hotel is not really a hotel, it is a house refurnished to be a hotel, old very old beds, tv, etc, no shampo, small towels, breakfast offered is : bagel+coffe+ orange juice sample.They have no clean up the room in the hotel, neither trash pick up nor bed cleaning.For the price we paid + 15 CAD per night, we can stay at Queen Elizabeth Fairmont´s hotel, so watch outThere is &quot;free wireless&quot; internet and local calls free.No parking at all, closest is a Double Tree parking lot about two blocks.If you are backpacker it is ok, but for same amount of money you mabe can get a better and real hotel.No lugage help, front desk people in morning has very bad attitude, by the way we are paying..., to guest.	
Dec 10 2008 	Perfect spot when I am in downtown Montreal	I find myself in Montreal on business and pleasure a few times a year. I had stayed at this Hotel a few years back, and had really enjoyed it. I decided on my latest trip, to stay there again, as it is perfectly located for me to be able to walk to my meetings, and then to be near the part of town I enjoy most at night (the St. Denis area). The hotel has a very personal feel, the staff are friendly and helpful. The building is architecturally beautiful, with the unique look you see in Montreal, and also with its castle like turrets. In fact I stayed in one of the &quot;turret&quot; rooms, which was large and comfortable. The room, and the bathroom were large, clean, and up to date, Check in and out is simple and easy, with a personal touch. Unlike the large sterile McHotels that are in downtown Montreal this one has a unique charm.	
Aug 30 2008 	Maybe Good for the Young	I last stayed at Hotel de Paris in Montreal in early 2001. I found it agreeable for the price plus it was safe, clean and had a helpful staff. I found all of the above still true on this trip. But...things were also different this time around. In the seven years since my last stay the price has more than doubled. The sinking US dollar has made everything more expensive but I could see no real justification for the current cost per night. The hotel itself is a bit long in the tooth and in serious need of renovation. I think an elevator would be a nice touch. Last time I stayed in a street level room, this time on the third floor. Theres a hike of about 50 steps to get from the street to the main lobby. I now have bad knees and the going up to the lobby then three more flights of steps was an arduous task for me. I saw other middle-aged customers struggling in the same way that I was. My room last time was rather small but this time my room and bathroom on the third floor were really tiny. You could not open the door alll the way to the room without hitting the bed. I could barely squeeze into the shower, the opening was 22&quot;'. The wi-fi was spotty at best and 13&quot; TV was marginal at best. The free breakfeast consist of toast and bad coffee. There is no ice or soda machine. There are good things though. It is just a few blocks from the Metro, which I found to be very convienent and in a nice neighborhood. Though tiny; my room was clean and as before the staff is friendly and helpful. The hotel is attached with a youth hostel across the way and that seems to be the mindset of the owners. When I was their ages I didn't mind going up hundreds of steps to get anywhere but now that I'm on the shady side of middle-age, it is a consideration.But all in all I think I could have done better for the price.	
Aug 20 2008	Terrible	I work for Smarter Travel which is under the Expedia umbrella. so we received a certificate that we had to use on Expedia. we usually stay at Bed&amp; Breakfast spots when we go to Montreal but we couldn't find one on Expedia so we went with a hotel. My stepmom and my my father live in Montreal so we usually have them go and check out the spots after we book them and they told us that the bathroom was beautiful and that the hotel was in a decent area except if you go down one side street it gets shady. but overall she said the room that they showed here was pretty nice.WRONG! it was tiny. I mean you open the door an dthe bed is right there to your left. not even an inch away from the door. there was one chaie and one huge window facing another building. the bathroom was small, that you couldn't take s hower without your elbow touching the shower wall. The temperature of the water would just change on it's own. It was a nice looking bathroom, which is deceiving, until you get in and realize how tiny it reallly is. If you suffer from clostophobia DO NOT stay at Hotel de Paris.	
Jul 31 2008 	Theft of items at Hotel de Paris	Our room was entered while we were away during the day and an assortment of items were stolen. We reported this to the hotel management, submitted a very legitimate claim for $480. and then was &quot;stonewalled&quot; by the owner and manager for a few weeks. Promises were made and not kept. After constant contact with them, they sent a check for $350. They never reported this to the police. Garage for car is a joke at $8.00 per night. Breakfast was a shoddy excuse.	
Jul 13 2008 	good times	We liked this hotel. We are a group of students from Vermont and din't want to stay at a Holiday Inn. Very nice building at least 100 years old. Rooms were large, although they told us they had small budget rooms too. All in all a very good location, quiet but close to all the restaurants and nightlife downtown. Helpful front sesk sent us to Prince Arthur Street for supper and took time ro explain how to get around.	
Jul 12 2008 	very good boutique hotel	I really enjoyed this hotel, right near St. Denis and Park Lafonataine. Had a fine time sitting on the balcony and looking down to the river. Freindly staff. Will come again.	
Jul 2 2008 	I would say find a better one...	First of all, I didn't see anywhere that says this is a HOSTEL. If it does say then I take the blame for it. Here is the story:We arrived at the &quot;Hotel&quot; and the lady was nice did the stuff and said see that house across the street, you stay there. I'm thinking, this is the hotel we booked, this is the hotel we saw on the pictures and that's the reason why we booked this hotel just so we can go accross the street in another house. Whatever.We went there and the entrance looks like no one ever lived there. Grass and weed is growing everywhere. The room at first glance looks excellent but then you notice the walls are cracked, the windows are falling apart and then we turned on the window A/C which is probably from 1970. Very loud and no cooling.Ok, we said, we can go with this for $130.00 a night we expected anything.The parking was on the street and my feeling was pretty much if you get it you get it, if you don't get a ticket good for you.No bed bugs and decently clean, no complaints here.Next morning we go for breakfast in the terrace. The buffet will almost collapse from it's age but hey it's an old building.The breakfast includes ONE croissant, coffee and fake orange juice in a glass that is half the size of a coffee cup. and the guy serving you is &quot;very&quot; busy and let's you know that because he had 2 other people to serve and bring 2 croissants.I get mixed feeling about this place. If you are level set that this is hostel and that you will pay some good money for just below average place then you might be happy.Otherwise, I would recommend to go with other place where things are for certain.note:It does look to me like some of the reviews are overblown.	
Jun 28 2008 	escellente lugar	I like dis hotel. Lovely to walk near here. Nice vista from balcony en frente. Workers almost all know to speak spanich. Freidly lugar. Linda edifidio...Yessee, Costa Rica	
Jun 25 2008	Stay Away --- Stay Away --- Don't Do It	Well let's just say we paid for a room and never slept --- we were given a key to room 46 - that is the size of a closet door that lead up to a attic that had two double size matress laying on a floor in each side of the room and had two double size beds that were in the middle of the room - toilet seat falling off - no soap to watch your hands and none of the lamps work -- as I can see they don't send anyone up to the attic to clean --- if there was a fire our whole family would be dead - as this is a very scary and awful room to be put in without any source of escaping - We called numberous of time to find out if our parking stale was reserved and told yes twice to find out that one of the parking stale the worker at the time had no idea ---- If anyone stayed here recently obiviously didn't have the luck we had. For anyone going to stay good luck hopefully you will have better luck. This is a three star room rated by the hotel	
Jun 7 2008 	Very Nice	This hotel was nice.A 10 minute walk from the bus station and St Dennis shopping area.The room was large and clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful.Breakfast was included in the little cafe bext door... basic but nice.	
May 27 2008 	Very good all purpose hotel Spectacular building	this hotel seems to be constantly trying to get better. Everytime I have stayed here there was someting new. This time, breakfast is included in the price and is served in a really nice little Bistro downstairs, run by a funny Frenchman from, of course, Paris. There are a few types of room from budget to superior. I like the superior rooms in the Annex across the street. They are large and comfotable. We couldn't connect to the wifi which works haphzardly in our building but had free internet access to the wired terminal in the lobby.. I don&quot;t even consider going elsewhere, the staff seems genuinely happy to converse and is friendly and helpful. They also remember me. I like that.	
Apr 21 2008	Great hotel downtown	We loved our stay at Hotel de Paris. The staff is friendly and helpful, rooms are nice and clean, and the location is a few steps away from St-Denis street. Excellent!	
Oct 31 2007 	So nice!	This hotel was very wonderful. The workers there were very pleasant. The hotel was very clean, the rooms were large and the price was not expensive. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Mar 9 2007 	Great location beautiful building	This is a terrific little hotel with friendly staff and if you like heritage buildings this is one lovely Victorian. I stayed in a deluxe room with my boyfriend for 2 nights. We had a balcony and great view of downtown. Dino at the front desk helped us find all the great night spots in town. I will come back here.Julia Grenouille	
Jan 9 2007 	Good budget hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights right before New Year's and we will definitely stay here again when we are in Montreal the next time. Definitely a good budget location for backpackers or. The location is great and there are a bunch or restaurants and pubs withing a walking distance. The room was a good size, beds were comfortable enough and the staff was very helpful. The bathroom was fairly small, but I have to say that it was clean. The same cannot be said about the carpets in the room, especially under the beds, as it looks like it has not been vacuumed for weeks. The parking situation was decent, as there were parking places on both sides of Sherbrooke as well as on Saint-Andre, next to the hotel.	
Jan 2 2007	NASTY!! Avoid the nightmare!!!	My experience with Hotel De Paris was so bad that I went out of my way to create a tripadvisor account and write this review! I also want to agree with another comment regarding the assumption that the good reviews were written by the hotel staff/owner. If you look at their accounts, you will see that those accounts were used only once to write those reviews. I found this hotel on hotwire.com. Since I usually have good luck with hotwire, I booked Hotel De Paris for 3 nights over New Years weekend. The hotel was rated 3 stars (comparable to a Doubletree), so I paid $100 a night. Hotel De Paris is the worst hotel I ever stayed at!!! The hotel is really dirty and smells. The room was tiny. The carpet was dirty and didn’t look like it was vacuumed for a very long time. The sheets and comforter were disgusting and didn’t look like they’ve been washed. The walls were extremely thin (you can hear everything). The bathroom had stains and was gross. The hotel should be rated 1 star or a low scale hostel. I tried to upgrade/switch room, but the other rooms were worse. FYI, I checked out their web site and the rooms are nowhere close to the pictures. Also, I woke up after the third night (this morning) with bed bug bites on my arms and legs. I have already written an email to hotwire telling them that I will never use their service again. Please do yourself a favor and never stay at this hotel! Our friends got into the Hyatt (priceline) for the same price we paid!	
Oct 14 2006	great location	I had a real good timein this hotel. Was easy to walk all over and the receptionist spoke perfect spanish an helped me a lot. The room was nice and breakfast very good. Jorge	
Sep 12 2006 	Excellent place to stay	I've been to this hotel a few times and always found clean rooms, and they do have different room categories for you to choose. The staff is friendly and they always help you with any questions you might have.It's a few minutes walk from St-Denis Street, great place!	
Aug 16 2006	Dirty smelly and possibly disease ridden	They don't mention anywhere on their website that they are also a hostel. Not to mention a very bad hostel who puts their guests in the musty basement. I am so sorry for anyone who books this hotel. Their pictures on their website are so cute and quaint, but I swear these rooms do not exist. The hotel staff is not friendly and helpful as some of the reviews state. I really think the positive reviews are writen by the hotel staff themselves. The walls were so thin that I could hear my neighbors urinating and every other sound they made! I can't believe this hotel has not been shut down for fraud. It truly is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. Do yourself a favor, and stay someplace safe and nice for the same price! THE PLACE SMELLS AND THE SHEETS WERE FILTHY!Even worse, the front desk refused to refund my first night stay when I informed them I could not possibly sleep in such a dirty bed. I left and found a room at the Sheraton downtown and actually payed less than the Hotel de Paris.	
Jul 5 2006	This hotel is a total scam; go elsewhere	I made a reservation with the hotel through their website for one night, 2 July 2006. My sister made a separate reservation for a 3-star superior room, for herself and her fiance for the same days. We both received e-mail confirmations. The day before we were expected to arrive, I received a phone call from the desk confirming a room upgrade to a 3-star superior room, I had made several weeks earlier. The man asked what time to expect my arrival and I stated that I will be arriving in the evening. He confimed everything and I assumed everything would go according to plan. When we arrived at the hotel, we stated at the desk that we had reservations, to which the young man at the desk asked &quot;If we had brought our own sheets?&quot;. Bewildered, we said &quot;No&quot; to which the man responded that it would be &quot;$3 per night for sheets.&quot; My sister then asked, &quot;Is this a hotel?&quot; The man stammered and said &quot;Yes&quot; and then proceeded to shuffle through a batch of receipts from individuals that had checked in. Then he said that he couldn't find our reservations based on these receipts. Neither of us could figure out why he didn't simply check the computer in front of him for our reservations. And how is it that I received a phone call from the hotel confirming my reservation the day before? The man said that the individual in question didn't know what he was talking about. We insisted that since he lost both our reservations (An unlikely coincidence) that he do us the courtesy of find us rooms. He insisted there was no space at the hotel. Strange, considering that 10 min. prior he was willing to offer us a room, albeit with their 'hostel' annex. He sent us to a shabby motel, saying that they had two rooms available. They did not. We went back, fuming. Finally, they made arrangements at a Best Western, more expensive, using my contact information, mysteriously made available from the computer. How is it that our reservations were lost when he was able to pull my name from the hotel computer? We spoke with the Hotel de Paris manager, Hector Zana, on the phone, who said that the hotel would pick up the difference in the room rates when we checked out the following day. However, when we called the manager, he was extremely rude and denied ever having the conversation or offering to pick up the difference in our tabs. We promptly called the police, which got the same rude response from the manager. What's worse, the manager said that we made the reservation through a non-affiliated website- a blatant lie as the hotel had sent us e-mail confirmations when we made the reservations. So here we were stuck paying $50 more after spending hours arguing with these people. Plus, we had to call our credit cards making sure that we were charged for the missed reservations as our accounts on the hotel's website were still 'active'. Our theory, that there are no such 3-star rooms and when the hotel realized that's what we were expecting, conveniently 'lost' 2 seperate reservations and bamboozled us by promising to cover the extra expense of costlier rooms elsewhere. Despite their nice website, this is not a true hotel but a hostel run by a bunch of con artists.	
Jul 5 2006	Stay Away from Hotel de Paris	After making a reservation with the Hotel de Paris more then a month and a half ago and receiving a confirmation from their website, I assumed that my vacation in Montreal would go with out a hitch. Upon checking in, I tell the person at the desk that I have a reservation for the superior Queen Room in Annex 1. He then asks me if I want sheets...silly question of course! I then ask if the hotel de Paris was a hotel, to which he replies yes, but they also have a hostel. (What kind of hotel is “3 Star” and has a hostel?) Anyway, the &quot;concierge&quot; proceeds to search for my reservation everywhere but the computer and informs me that he couldn't find my reservation and that the hotel was completely booked. Even with the confirmation information he was unwilling to be accommodating. There is a computer in the lobby and I checked my reservation and it was still active. How is it that they were unable to locate it? After almost 3 hours of trying to find us a room, the person at the desk finally called the Sam W, who I assume is the owner of the hotel. Sam W, instructed the person at the desk to find us a room in another hotel. The first “hotel” was Hotel de la Cassa. If this location is comparable to the Hotel de Paris then they really should remodel. First we had to be buzzed in to the Hotel de la Cassa and the women was behind what looked like a prison window and did not speak either French or English well and frankly the lobby smelled like cat pee. We needed two rooms and there was only one, so we had to return to the Hotel de Paris. Upon seeing us again, the person at the desk called back Sam W. After several minutes of them conversing Sam W promised that they would find us a room in another hotel and that the Hotel de Paris would pick up the difference. All we would have to do is call the manager Monday morning Hector Z. This was an obvious lie, because upon checking out of the hotel that they found for us on Monday, we called the manager Hector Z and he proceeded to say that Sam W had never spoken to him and that it wasn’t his problem and that the reservation that I had made was through an independent web-site; not true at all since I went to the Hotel de Paris website and made the reservation through them and received a confirmation through the Hotel.After suspecting fraudulent activity (I am still monitoring my credit card) I contacted the police who said they would make a note of our situation, but it was a civil matter. I have my suspicions if they are actually a hotel. I am unsure why the Hotel de Paris is so highly rated. I would really think twice before staying here.	
Jun 25 2006	Total Nightmare!!! Beware all!!!	I saw the hotel's website and liked the pictures of the rooms so I reserved their largest hotel room for my family. I should have heeded the other terrible reviews on this site, but like a fool I chose to stay here. It is not conveniently located as the reviews state as well. I have a feeling the hotel staff writes the good reveiws themselves. The building has been remodeled, but very badly. When we got to our room and opened the door, the smell was terrible and the room was the shabbiest $150 a night room I had ever seen. Although the bathroom was remodeled, it did not make up for the dirty green carpet, non working tv, tiny room for 6, and dirty radiator with garbage inside the floor area arouond the radiator. One of the beds, which were hard as rocks had a pull out bed. When I pulled it out, the sheets were filthy and the actual pullout drawer was disgusting, full of dirt and hair. When I informed the guy at the front desk, he said he would get us new sheets. My husband insisted on speaking with the owner, but the front desk guy said he had no idea where he was or when he would be there. We had to pay for one night, but never ended up staying there. That would have ruined our trip to Montreal. We got a room at the Springhill Suites in Old Town instead for $15 more a night. Also, the parking for $8 they offer is street parking and you cannot park on the street from 3 to 5 pm. We also found out the place mostly rents out beds to people who cannot afford rooms. The environment around the hotel was shady. We actually saw a group of people doing drugs around the corner. Horrible.	
May 31 2006	Bring Earplugs!!!	Considering that recent reviews have been so positive, I was really disappointed with this place. My stay was over two nights in the &quot;Edith Piaf&quot; room, which is Room 14 in the &quot;annex.&quot; (The annex is the hotel's building on the SW corner of Sherbrooke &amp; St Andre. The main part of the hotel is on the NE corner.) My biggest problem with the hotel was that the walls were paper thin, and the guy staying in the adjacent Room 12 snored like a Harley Davidson at full throttle. He slept early in the night (7:30 even!), all night long, and well into the next morning. (We theorized he had sleep apnea because the buzzsawing was in fits and starts.) We could also hear TV sets, people urinating, etc. The room itself was attractive with a high ceiling and hardwood floors. The bed was rock hard, swayed worringly, and squeeked loudly with every slight movement. It wasn't a &quot;budget&quot; room since we paid a net of $298 CAD for the two nights. However, it was furnished like a budget room, with two small towels, no washrags, two tiny latherless pieces of &quot;Lisa&quot; soap (which were not replaced on the second day), no shampoo, no hair dryer, no nothing. The wall was peeling, the thermostat didn't seem to work (it was hot/sultry despite the lowest setting), and there was a faint odor of old tobacco even though there were no drapes/carpeting to harbor such an odor. Parking was in a tiny, dark, dirty garage below an apartment house, for $8 per day. I would step into a puddle of goopy water when I exited the car at my assigned parking space. ( However, you would in all likelihood be able to find parking on St Andre just north of Sherbrooke if you don't mind leaving your car on the street. )In summary, the hotel was underwhelming. If you dare to stay here, pray that your neighbors are not snorers!!!	
Apr 15 2006	Make yourself at home...	This is the third time I stay at L`Hotel de Paris in Montreal. It seems everytime I come it only gets better. They have a variety of room types available. This time I opted for the suite (room 37 i think it was) and i gotta say, wow! Its a large room, with a big bed and a nice balcony up front. It seems they`ve done some renovations over the winter because i noticed all the corridors have been redone and really spruces up the place. A nice new thing they offer is a free continental breakfast. They also have a Bistro on site but it was only opening in April. The staff is very friendly and really make you feel at home. Its not a huge hotel so I guess it is easier to make a personal connection with the clients. There`s a new young guy working there whos a lot of fun and full of good advice about the city. I recommend this place and I`d defintalely keep coming back.	
Dec 11 2005 	Very satisfactory	I attend a conference in Montreal every December and stay here all the time. The rooms are clean and comfortable and for the first time this year they added a free breakfast! I noticed that there were some other changes also and the place is quaint and very Montreal. I find the location convenient, the staff reliable and friendly and I like the price!	
Dec 11 2005	the room matters	I stayed here based entirely on the price. The adds said 69$ so i figured, if it's decent, for that price i'd stay. And the 69$ price, was the value of the room. It was not perfectly kept, but i was good enough to sleep in for me, and i'd say most people. Then i asked what the other more expensive rooms were like, and they said: &quot;nicer&quot; So i had a look, and for some more money, the rooms were a significant step up. So, i bought a more expensive room, and it was luxurious. I think that the bad reviews about the rroms are from people paying 69$ for a room and expective the luxury suites. Look if you pay the 120$ to get the luxury sweet you get a luxury swet, it you pay 69 buck, you get a 69$ room. Hotel de paris is not the greatest deal of all time, but it's fair, and you get what you pay for, plus there are some perks, lik the nice costomer service. I'd stay here againjim, from victoria BC	
Nov 25 2005	Disappointed	I was quite disappointed when I got to my room. I had high expectations due to all of the good reviews this place was receiving. I rented a standard 2 double bedroom suite. There were holes in the walls, loose tiles in the washroom, mold on the walls in the washroom, not enough towels.... the only good thing about this hotel was the customer service. The people at the desk were friendly and gave us information regarding places to visit/go in montreal. overall: very disappointed.	
Nov 23 2005	This place is AWFUL	I stayed at this hotel with my husband. Everything about this place was terrible. The ceiling was leaking, it smelled of mold. I asked for a better room and the guy at the desk said 'I don't have they key to the good room.'	
Nov 6 2005	For a good time in Montreal follow these directions...	I have been to Montreal a number of times and have stayed at this hotel a few times. Basically, it is cheap, clean and central with a good dose of old world charm.However-when I visited this time my whole view of the hotel-and Montreal-completely changed. WHAT A HOTEL CAFE! The food was fantastic, super cheap, and the girls running it really made my visit! They made me maps and told me exactly where to go to really experience Montreal. I have been to Montreal a number of times but this time was the first I didn't feel like a tourist. The cafe is a meeting point for fellow travellers and local, with people meeting up for coffee or drinks while they explore the city. Apparently they also have a hip hop brunch on Saturdays! It's all the best of Montreal-vibrant and hip while remaining friendly and accessible. I am planning my next visit right now-and wouldn't stay anwyhere else!	
Oct 27 2005	Perfect for a girls night out	We stayed at this Hotel a bunch of times now and we simply love it! Everytime we go to Montreal for a girls night out, we always rent the ATTIC room (room 43 I think)and we have a blast! We usually are 6 - 8 girls, so for us, the deal is great. There is plenty of room for everyone to sleep - the room has 4 double beds, so no one ever has to sleep on the floor! Girls, just one tip though - bring an extra mirror! There is only one in the bathroom and it's tiny!! Just to avoid any cat fights!LOL!	
Sep 8 2005	Room in Hotel De Paris	They charge you first($150/night) then show you the aweful room. Then they say if you want a better room you have to pay more!!if you want to leave you have to pay for first night!! It is rip off businessgoing on this hotel.It was very bad. They have ruined PARIS's name.a guest for two nights Sep/2,3/2005.	
Aug 31 2005	Balcony rooms are great	Just stayed at the Hotel de Paris (not the hostel next door) for the third time with my husband. We really enjoy the place, but I think it is probably not for everyone.First, it would not be for anyone with bad knees. Just getting into the lobby is quite a steep climb from the street. Second, it would not be for light sleepers - at least not on summer weekends. Montreal is a late-night town, and the rooms at the front, especially, get a lot of street noise. That said, we like to stay in the front, in one of two rooms with a rooftop balcony - a fantastic place to chill with a beverage and some conversation. In fact, the balcony is the whole point for us - the view of Rue Sherbrooke and downtown is wonderful. We've stayed in both rooms that share the balcony, and they were both nice. We were much less impressed with the standard, balcony-less room where we stayed on our first visit. Of course, the balcony makes sense only in the summer. In the winter it's likely to have four feet of snow on it.The hotel would not be a bad choice in the neighborhood, even if you opt for the less expensive rooms without the balcony. It's clean enough, the staff is decent, the decor is pleasant if slightly faded. But there may be better choices. In fact, in winter we prefer to stay across the street and down a block at the more comfortable but slightly less atmospheric Hotel Chateau de l'Argoat.If you do stay in the neighborhood, don't miss Parc LaFontaine, a great place for a stroll or a run. In winter there is ice skating in a pond with high embankments that protect skaters from the wind.I'm also a big fan of the Cafe Cherrier, a bistro at Cherrier &amp; St. Denis.	
Jul 9 2005	Good hotel if you get the big room!	I went to Hotel de Paris a couple of years ago, but I had such a fun experience, why not write a review now! I went with three friends so we either got a deluxe room or a suite. I wish I remember the room number, the room was a great value. There was a spiral staircase leading up to the attic room (huge room with two corners that had slanted ceilings), four full size beds (we were only expecting two!) and a full kitchen, dining table and bathroom.The location is great too. Close to all- we walked everywhere, even to/from the Greyhound station. We got there early and they let us wait in a standard room until our room was ready. That room was pretty mediocre, but not terrible. Just motel-ish.The place is nothing fancy and don't expect much service, but I can at least vouch for the big rooms and privacy! Ask for the attic room with four beds if you wanna have fun with friends..	
Jun 20 2005	Rude Obnoxious Staff	I stayin this dump for the Grand Prix weekend and I thought I was going to catch some sort of plague from it's disgustingly dirty showers and bathrooms. One of the four showers, that served thirty people, only worked in the scalding hot position. I left a pair of sunglasses there when I left and even though I told the staff exactly where I left them and asked them nicely if they would look for them, they refused and when I called back the second time I was abruptly told that they were not found and then I was hung up on. Also the Air-Conditioning unit for the entire building was IN our room and even if you could stand the noise of it, it was impossible to sleep because it was too cold in the room.	
Jun 13 2005	Horrible place to stay!	They say on the hostel website that all the bathrooms and matresses are new; I don't know about the matresses but the bathrooms certainly were not new, they had mold on the walls and only one of the three toilets with showers locked and up to 40 people had to share those 3 toilets!!The bunk beds felt like they were about to fall apart and the room smelt damp.The staff are extremely rude and if you ask for a refund of your deposit after you see the room they won't give it back to you either!It is a rip-off for the quality you get. The Hotel La Residence next door actually worked out cheaper than the hostel!! (when u added the price of renting sheets, a towel and buying a little breakfast). It was small, but it was clean and they were very friendly.I wouldnt advise anyone to stay at the Hotel de Paris hostel, and i don't think the hotel is much better I heard from talking to guests staying in the hotel part, apart from one or two rooms that is.	
Jun 1 2005 	Clean Hotel/Hostal	I stayed at Hotel de Paris in May and it was very clean and neat... I went there with my girl and I must say that we are a very picky bunch, but we all agreed that this we would stay here for the weekend. I t was comfortable. We stayed in a budget suite for 4 adults I think it was, with two double beds and a 13' tv.. We had a view of the street so we see our car parked on the side street. There was not much parking . The parking for this building was in another building, how weird is that. It was very complicated. Whenever you went out you had to go to the front desk and ask for the key, then return it when you got your car out... A bit too much walking around. Terrible parking arrangements and they charge $8/day....... and you're not even garaunteed a parking because they share..This hotel has no elevator so you have to stair it... Its located in an ok location. The clubs (try Cresent St. or St Laurent )are about 30 mins walk, eatry and other action St. Denis about 2 stop lights up ( very busy- a lot of food places and store along this street). Another busy street St Catherines. Don't forget to check out Victoria Sq... about 15 - 20 mins drive away.Overall this hotel was clean, beds were made, bathroom clean, cable tv - the staff was helpful somewhat friendly - parking sucks, but it is reasonable and clean, what more can you ask for...Don't be scared because it is a hostal because honestly, I didn't know about it until i read it somewhere and that was when I was leaving, checking out. It was nowhere near a hostal in my eyes..The outer decor is a bit ancient but don't be fooled, the place is clean.Enjoy your stay like I did at Hotel De Paris	
May 22 2005	Nice little hotel	This is a smaller hotel with nice clean rooms. I stayed in what was called a budget room with a double bed. The room was clean, with a cute bathroom and cable T.V. All in all, a great little place for the price. The hotel had nice staff, a great location and a good breakfast with plenty of parking. All in all we had a very pleasurable stay.	
Feb 25 2004	great value for money	This is a very good little hotel, very reasonably priced with a wide variety of rooms. I saw some really large beautiful rooms as well as some very small ones at great prices. There is also an affiliated youth hostel across the street, so you can sleep in montreal right downtown at any price range you choose, from $20 to $140 canadian. I stayed with my wife in a very clean budget room at $75 canadian dollars (about $60 US) we had a private bathroom and the front desk was very helpful.	
Nov 21 2003	Any other hotel is better! ANY!	This place must have one or two good rooms, if one is to believe the reviews, but the rest are a total pig sty! Smelly, smokey, filthy, old, thread-bare, utterly disgusting. I think the pictures on the net are fake, or hugely PhotoShopped. The staff is rude, too. These guys have buildings all over the street, nobody on site. Unbelievable bad choice. Any other hotel on Sherbrooke West is better, and cheaper! Don't waste your time and money, you may catch something from those sheets, too! UGH!	
Nov 10 2003	Great locarion	This hotel was actually very good. The location is ideal. I had a luxury room at $125 canadian and everything was brand new including the furniture. The place was spotless. Also my daughter who will attend University in Montreal stayed at the adjacent youth hostel and had a good time and met some new friends, also students looking for apartments. Someone seems to have an axe to grind about this place. I was very satisfied.	
Oct 8 2003	Disgusting filthy and totally misrepresented		
Oct 8 2003	Dirty!		
Mar 1 2003	the luxury rooms are really nice.		
Jan 14 2003	Hotel vs Backpacker sections(a difference)		
Sep 3 2002	Just STAY AWAY!!		
Aug 22 2002	Bad		
Aug 21 2002	Scam scam!!		
Aug 12 2002	It's never a good sign when the air conditioner is on pieces on the floor...		
Jul 5 2002	Just a rip off		
Jun 12 2002	if wanna have fun dont go there!!!		
Aug 17 2009 	Stanze pessime foto sul sito non coerenti con realtà		
Jul 31 2008 	tres agreable		
