Nov 24 2009 	Good Amenities Excellent Location...	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. This hotel is at an excellent location, right on Rue Sherbrooke Ouest (West). We found that the property was fairly new, and well maintained. All of the staff we encountered spoke French &amp; English, and happily switched between both based on our interaction. The rooms were extremely clean. Having free access to WiFi, as well as a microwave and refrigerator in the room were really helpful. The bathroom in *our* room did not have a tub (may be a concern for some - not an issue for us).Staying at this hotel will put you within walking distance of the Metro (Place-des-Arts), as well as restaurants/shopping (Rue. St. Catherine, etc). The hotel offers underground parking for $20 (CAD) a day. We didn't experience a problem finding a spot in their facility, and left the car there for the duration of our stay (walked and used the Metro). Overall, I was very pleased with our stay at this hotel. I have visited Montreal several times, and have stayed at a couple of other properties. We found a very good rate for this stay, and would certainly stay here again (if the price is right).	
Nov 23 2009 	Great Property!!!	This is a great hotel! It's a new property and it has a great location in downtown Montreal. Staff is very friendly and welcoming, makes you feel like you're at home. The rooms are really nice and they have a beautiful pool and fitness room, and a great restaurant. Would definetly return and recommend this hotel to everyone!	
Nov 19 2009 	Overall good.Near McGillsights and food	Good rainy, foggy weekend. Rooftop gym good. 2 treadmills need fixing. Hotel restaurant surprisingly good value.	
Nov 12 2009 	Excellent Stay	Restaurant was delicious. Service was excellent!!!! Would defintely recommend it :)Rooms are very spacious. Beds and pillows are very comfortable.Great location downtown Montreal.Great pool with great views and very nice workout facility.	
Nov 2 2009 	Awesome Inn	Great hotel...very comfortable and affordable....probably the best &quot;bang for your buck&quot; in the downtown core.Would recommend this to everyone !!Ppl were pleasent and very helpful !!CiaoJ	
Oct 31 2009 	Didn't Meet My Standards For HGI	Stayed here one night because Hilton Bonaventure was full. The check in staff were lackluster and didn't recognize me as a Hilton Diamond though I did receive a breakfast chit which I didn't use. I was given what appeared to be a room for disabled persons and wasn't informed of it. With me you get one chance to get it right. I didn't complain I rarely do, I just don't come back. This place charges for everything that is gratis at most hotels including 1 disposable razor and for a plug adaptor. I think one can do much better for the money elsewhere in Montreal.	
Oct 31 2009 	Nice comfortable business hotel	We paid about CAD 185 plus taxes, but ended up booking rather late for a large conference that probably filled many hotels, so we weren't TOO unhappy about the rate. And the room was nice, clean, modern, with comfortable beds and a very comfortable chair at the desk. Large, flat screen TV. Problem with shower's wate pressure/water heat was fixed after I asked. Use of the computers and printer in the business center was free. Only one laundry room that i saw, but I had no trouble getting access to the machine. The pool and exercise room areas were large and modern, with a decent view. The restaurant/bar area struck me as rather sterile, and often a bit &quot;dead,&quot; and also kind of pricey, but not outrageous (the bar and restaurant at the nearby Holiday Inn had a warmer atmosphere). Breakfast seemed the big meal of the day in the restaurant. The room had a refrigerator and microwave oven, and we used both. Front desk personnel were often, but not always, helpful in securing info about shopping, directions, etc. It was not much more than a 5-minute walk to the nearest Metro station. Convention center a bit over 10 minutes and Old Montreal maybe 20 (uphill coming back). We did see an occasonal person asking for money, but the statement about avoiding Bleury St. because one would be hassled by homeless people seemed like hyperbole. Overall, the hotel wasn't exceptionally warm or atmospheric, but clean, modern and adequate for most any traveler..	
Oct 18 2009 	Good Location	This is a new Hilton and the hotel is in great shape. Service was excellent and more attentive than at most Hilton Garden Inns in the US. Parking is under the hotel and was about $20 CAD per night. It's on rue Sherbrooke and is in a good location for exploring Montreal. The block or two surrounding the hotel is nothing special but It's close to the dining on rue St. Laurent and just a couple of blocks from St. Catherine so it's easy to walk to most downtown attractions. Old Montreal is a little less convenient--walkable if the weather is OK, but otherwise a quick taxi ride. The hotel has a nice pool and hot tub on the 11th floor with a bit of a view and the fitness room, though small, had decent equipment in it. There's a bar and restaurant in the lobby. Didn't have dinner there, but the breakfast buffet was very good. We got a great deal on the room, so it was definitely worth it. Rooms were large and well decorated. Only quirk of the hotel was that the elevators required you to use your room key to activate them. This was only a mild annoyance--just remember to get multiple keys when you check in. Don't know why they do this. It's a perfect place for exploring Montreal. There's also a Marriott Courtyard next door.	
Oct 12 2009 	The best Hotel Service Restaurant what i have all over Canada	The people are very friendly, have knowledge, do a very good service and look after you.	
Oct 9 2009 	Most amazing stay and staff beyond expectations!!!!!!!!!	5th time visiting montreal, have stayed at 3 different hotel chains but this time we selected the Hilton Garden inn. The best choice we could have made. The rooms were spacious and the beds amazing we have even contacted the hotel for a contact to buy one for home. The Hotel was very clean and the staff made us feel right at home, hats off to Lisette at the front desk and Fausto the doorman. We had all our meals at the restaurant Circos which all were amazing first time in a hotel where we ate all our meals in the Hotel, the selection and quality exceeded our expectations. The pool and gym were great the view was amazing. Anybody visiting Montreal would be missing a lot if they do not stay at the Hilton Garden Inn.	
Oct 6 2009 	Nice enough hotel but away from the main sights.	Stayed in Montreal a couple of nights during a fly drive around Lake Onatario and the St Lawrence River. Eventually arrived at the Hotel after terrible traffic along Sherbrook Street and the check in was very smooth if a little rushed, given key and pointed towards the car park. The room was large and the bathroom was spacious, very clean and plenty of towels. As the weather closed in and it started to pour down we decided to eat in the hotels restaurant, it was very pricey, but we thought we'd treat ourselves. There were plenty of waiting staff and they were all very nice, but hadnt a clue what to do, they all stood around, fell over each other and the whole meal took almost 3 hours, we waited and waited and eventually got our 'fillet mignon' which was tiny and very over decorated, infact the meal looked a mess (what we english class as looking like a dogs dinner, i'm sure you understand that meaning!!??) it looked like a child had been let loose in the kitchen, we then waited 45 minutes for desert, which was pulled from a big catering box right by us, so much for home cooking! This was supposed to be fine dining??? McDonalds could have done better!!!! Needless to say we didnt eat there again. Also the hotel is a good half an hour away from the main river side sights, its close to the shops and a rather dodgy area down Bleury Street (dont go down even in the day you'll be hassled by homeless people). For the price we were charged we expected much better.	
Sep 30 2009 	Great place except for the hard rock beds!	The hôtel is very nice, clean and the staff is very friendly! Everything was perfect except for the beds.DON'T sit on the bed too hard because you could break a bone. It's a shame because we slept at Hilton's lots of time and the beds are usually very comfortable.But the hôtel is still nice!	
Sep 27 2009 	The place to stay!	I Stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn Montreal, last weekend.Fausto, Bellman knows the city as his recommendation where accurate and helpful. The hotel is new, the rooms are modern and super clean; the order less than rare! The walk in shower booth was great as it was easy to get into. The pool and gym is great, the views is fantastic. I even caught up on my reading on Saturday afternoon on the exterior terrace while my husband took an afternoon snooze, this is on the roof top of the hotel in the middle of a major city! We did not feel like going out on Friday night as we had traveled all day stayed in-house for dinner the food is great better than I expected. It is not your typical Club sandwich, hamburger hotel dinning room and is well priced for the quality you get. I Noticed locals having dinner which seemed to be repeat clients this is always a good sign, the staff is young, friendly and on the ball!I would definitely go back and recommend this hotel. Let’s face it, clean room, good environment, friendly genuine staff &amp; great food.	
Sep 26 2009 	Lovely room but missing in some details...	This was the second time we have visited Montreal for a two-night mini-holiday as we love Montreal. After a lot of research online (love Trip Advisor!) we chose the Hilton Garden Inn. Being the Hilton name and not a cheap room, we expected a lot.First, the room itself was lovely, modern and very very clean. The staff were helpful (with one exception) and friendly. Location was also good as we love to explore the city on foot and using the Metro and got every where we wanted that way, including walking to the Old City.But being a Hilton and the cost we expect a polished experience. First, until I read a review submitted recently after we got back, I had no idea that you had a room choice of bath or shower (note the or, not an and). This needs to be far clearer online and elsewhere.We had a shower and although it was okay you had a choice, either good water pressure OR warmer water as the warmer you turned the tap the less pressure you received...Secondly, we are not much into nightlife and after along day of walking around we like to enjoy our evening in our comfortable suite (which we pay the extra to have for just that reason) and maybe watch a movie. Unfortunately the website is once again misleading and the channel selection is not what was expected, and we were very disappointed. This is also where the helpfulness did not shine as a call to reception about this (in case we just needed to do something different to get access) the day we arrived led to a promise that we would hear from the general manager as this was not what the website said was available. Well, we are now back home and still no call :-)And, finally, this one is just an example of how someone needs to pay attention to the details. The little pamphlet that you get your room access cards in clearly states that if you opt out of the daily paper, you can drop your room fee accordingly (by 75 cents, who cares) BUT yet the paper is not actually delivered to your door like a lot of hotels do. I don't get this one at all as we can't be alone in experiencing at the door delivery at other hotels. Come on Hilton.We didn't bring a car so have no comment on parking at the hotel etc.All in all we would recommend the hotel if the details don't concern you but as this is the second Hilton hotel family stay in Montreal that was lacking in the details, we will take a long look before we book at either of the Hilton's we have visited in Montreal in the future.	
Sep 25 2009 	The best place in Montreal	We stayed here over the weekend, this Hilton was recommended by some friends. The property is located so centrally to so many things, shopping, movies, entertainment. Our room was clean, we had a king bed with a great walk in shower. We enjoyed the swimming pool and great view, biggest fitness center I've ever seen in a hotel. The restaurant had above average food and the staff was very welcoming and friendly. We will be back for sure!	
Sep 17 2009 	Decent but not up to usual HGI Standards	We are generally loyal Hilton Garden Inn customers, but this one just didn't make it for us. The room was too warm, and there really was no way to adjust the A/C to make things cooler. Beware: no bathtubs. Just shower stalls, so they told me. The lady of the house was not amused. And the plastic floor covering of the stall already had bubbled. The placement of the rail in the stall was not ideal either. The internet service was as slow as molasses in January (circa 1992), both in the business center and, even more pronounced, in the room. I was not amused. This could have been an anomaly, but I'm glad I wasn't there on business. We're diamond club members, so we received the complimentary breakfast buffet --- but that was a disappointment too, a surprise for Canada. We actually paid to eat somewhere else on the second day of our stay. The parking garage is fine, as long as you take it slow. The location is good for walking to Vieux-Montreal. We've seen worse for sure, we also expect a little more from this chain.	
Sep 16 2009 	First time at a Hilton Garden Inn..Loved it!	After a loong drive from Niagara Falls Ontario to Montreal, all I needed was to relax. I was extremely pleased to see that this hotel was more than I ever expected. The place is extremely clean and nicely decorated. I loved our room. Their bed and linens are very comfortable. I also like the idea that they provide a regular hair dryer, not those crappy ones attached on the wall. The hotel is a close walk to other sites in the city. Great stay in every way for me. Hotel staff especially the two concierge were very helpful and friendly.	
Sep 13 2009 	Awesome stay at the Hilton Garden Inn	My friend and I stayed three nights at the Hilton Garden Inn. The Hotel was very clean and comfortable, and I'm very picky in regards to hotel room cleanliness. The room was spacious and the bathroom was extremly clean. I had a lovely stay at the Hilton Garden Inn. It was a short 5min walk to the shopping area and a 15 minute walk to the nightlife on St-Denis and St-Laurent. It is not walking distance to the Old Port but a few metro stops away- in short, great location. The staff always had a smile. The room had a lovely view of the city and the Gym located at the top floor was clean and efficient along with a pool that families and kids enjoyed. The cardio equipment was basic but good enough to work out. There is also a nice patio with a great view of the city. I would definitely recommend and stay here again. Upon check out we had a slight problem with the charges per night for the room but it was quickly resolved with no fuss.	
Sep 11 2009 	Wonderful Hotel - highly recommend	After a lot of research and not being able to get a reservation at another hotel, I picked this hotel one the reviews and photos posted here. And, I'm happy I did - we loved it nad were very comfortable. We stayed 3 nights. Hotel is very very clean and new -- very important to me. The beds are super comfortable and rooms big enough - we had a room with 2 queens. Hotel location is good too -- you have to walk a bit to get to places but 15 to 20 minute walk is just fine. We loved it! We had breakfast in the hotel and it was excellent too.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great views and service	The service was great. The security was top notch (you even need to insert your card to get the elevator to work). The location was great. The rooms were clean and spacious. And of course, the pool/jacuzzi/patio area on the 11th floor was incredible! I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 2 2009 	Quiet rooms fresh breakfasts and good advice!	I recently visited Montreal with my family. We wanted to stay downtown but close to the old city and of course in a well-priced hotel. Besides the convenient location of this elegant, clean hotel, the customer service was impeccable, and the food fresh and delicious. To our surprise (but a pleasant one) they do not have the typical breakfast buffet - they only have a few items and the rest (eggs, omelettes, etc.) was prepared fresh and to our liking - but at buffet prices! The room was also extremely clean and tidy and everything in working order including a microwave oven which was ideal to warm up milk for our infant! The staff were extremely friendly AND knowledgeable. They helped us with everything from restaurant recommendations/reservations to sightseeing tips, guided tours, and shopping. They also sent us to pretty much the best coffee houses I have enjoyed outside of Europe. Finally, at the end of the day, we enjoyed a very quiet and relaxing room - we could barely believe we were downtown. Definitely staying here again!!! See you soon Montreal!!! Oh almost forgot...they have a salt water pool...	
Sep 1 2009 	A Major Disappointment	One of the attractions of staying at a Hilton is expecting a standard level of customer service and satisfaction. This hotel was beautiful, new and well kept, but the &quot;service&quot; provided by the staff and the management of this hotel fell well below Hilton standards.It's pretty basic to arrange wake up calls, but in this hotel, we only got one of the three arranged (not appreciated on the day of an early morning flight!). We reported minor maintenance issues in our rooms and they were not resolved until having to report them multiple times hours later. Basically, everything we spoke to the front desk and duty manager about went unresolved.Be very careful with your bill when you check out of this hotel. Do not charge anything from the bar/restaurant to your room or they will automatically add a 15% gratutity to your bill (although this practice is not posted anywhere and it comes as a surprise to the customer). They will also not be able to provide you with a breakdown/details of your restaurant/bar charges. According to the room key sleeve, they will deliver a newspaper to your room every morning, and if you refuse, they will credit your account the cost of the newspaper. Make sure you refuse this and get the credit, because even if you're a Hilton Honors member, they won't deliver any paper to your room. They don't deliver the paper to anyone.There are many good hotels in downtown Montreal. Too bad this one is such a major disappointment.	
Aug 31 2009 	A great new addition on Sherbrooke St Montreal	I recently visited Montreal on a combination business / leisure trip.I normally stay at a long time favorite hotel on Sherbrooke St but it tired looking so I decided to try the Hilton Garden Inn nearby.Upon entering the hotel I was overwhelmed by the elegantly decorated atrium lobby with the beautifull ceiling fixture. Check in was efficient and I was in my room in 5 minutes. My room was spacious and tastefully decorated,the bathroom had all the aminities and large fluffy towels. My kids enjoyed the exercise room and the saltwater pool. At most hotels in downtown Montreal, you have to use valet parking,at inflated rates and gratuities. At this Hilton Garden inn ,I was able to park my large SUV without difficulty and at a reasonable cost. The staff was friendly ,polite and helpfull. I will stay at this hotel on my next trip to Montreal and would recommend this Hilton GardenInn to others.Ralph L.L	
Aug 27 2009 	Very nice central hotel in Montreal	After going through the Trip Advisor reviews as well as other sites, we settled on The Hilton Garden in. Absolutely agree with those in favor of the hotel. The hotel staff from front desk to maids were always friendly and helpful with any questions posed to them. It is centrally located on busy Sherbrooke Ave, so you can get anywhere easily. Yet at night you don't hear anything that would disturb your sleep. One block from McGill Univ., so there is constantly pedestrian traffic of locals, tourists and college students. Rooms were all clean and comfortable. Parking under the hotel with no &quot;in-out&quot; limits as part of the daily fee. My only mild complaint is that though the beds are all large (kings or queens) they are quite firm even though they have an adjustable firmness dial on them. All in all, between the wonderful staff, ample sized pleasant rooms, parking and central location with the very reasonable price we were very happy with this choice. Trip Advisor reviews were right on again.	
Aug 14 2009 	Simply love it everything wonderful and close to the main attractions	Everything was great, we complain about the noise, because there was a construction nearby and they gave us 2 adjacent rooms instead of a suite which was kind of small (for 3 aldults and a 2year old) in the other part of the hotel where it was al quiet without any extracharge. Very clean and very happy to be there. We´d go back again	
Aug 14 2009 	Spacious room great location	We stayed here with two teenage daughters during August and were very pleased. The room was larger than an average hotel room so we had plenty of space for the four of us. The room was clean and up to date. Our only complaint was that daily room service never seemed to get everything right. During our four day stay, we had to request additional towels and toilet paper several times. Hotel staff were prompt in handling these requests so it was only a minor inconvenience.We didn't eat at the hotel's restaurant but we did use the swimming pool and gym facilities - they were excellent. The view of Montreal from the rooftop pool and gym was great.The hotel's location couldn't have been better. There was a Metro stop a block away and we were within easy walking distance of Saint-Catherine's street for shopping. They were numerous cafes etc. in close proximity for morning breakfast.As noted in other reviews, the hotel seems secure due to the use of room cards to access the upper floors and facilities of the hotel.We will definitely stay here again if/when we return to Montreal. Of course, we could easily write another review on how much we enjoyed the city of Montreal.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great Hotel	Stayed here for the weekend and had an amazing time. Staff was friendly and very eager to help. The hotel's location could not have been better -- 45 steps away from the metro and with the right shoes you can literally walk to the best spots. Walking distance to St. Catherine (commercial shopping center), St. Laurent (bars/restos/lounges). Amenities were great too, amazing pool and hot tub and a sunning patio too. Great for relaxation after a long day around the city.	
Aug 11 2009 	Fantastic Hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	I loved this Hotel. Staff is super friendly, and helpful!! Awsome atmosphere. I stayed for a Wedding and everything went great. No complaints at all!!!!! If you are looking for a Hotel near everything downtown this is the one!!!	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Location and a Cut Above Most HGIs but watch out for the parking	I picked this hotel because I was attending a conference at McGill, and I also was staying around for some vacation afterwards. I found this hotel a cut above most HGIs in the US. Because I'm a Gold member, I got upgraded to a sort of minisuite, a large room with a sort of dogleg with a sofa, armchair, TV, and kitchen. The dogleg was a little too small to relax in, but it made a nice buffer against noise in the corridor. All in all, it was a very quiet comfortable room (although I've been told that you want to avoid the rooms on the Sherbrooke Street side). The restaurant had better food and selection than your usual HGIs (it is hard to get a bad meal in Montreal, I found). Plus it is open late. But because it's an HGI, amenities such as wireless internet are free. The service in general was excellent. The hotel is also conveniently located in the central part of Montreal, within walking distance to McGill, downtown, great restaurants, and tourist attractions.The only downside is the parking, which is expensive and inconvenient, as the other reviewers have noted. We did not have any problem with the lot filling up, since August is apparently a slow time, but we found it cramped, with only room for one car at a time in the two-way lanes. It would help if the management painted a pedestrian walkway on the lower level ramps, since that is the only means pedestrians have of getting to higher level floors. However, we were able to live with the parking without any mishaps. Parking in general seems to be difficult in downtown Montreal, although otherwise driving is convenient (traffic not to bad, at least in August, well marked roads, abundant gas stations). If you can do without it, I'd recommend not getting a car.	
Aug 5 2009 	FABULOUS HOTEL!!!!!	From the moment we walked in we LOVED this hotel!!!The staff was so helpful and extremly friendly :)We were thrilled with everything in this new hotel, the best parts would have to be:The rooms were huge and the beds were soooooo comfy and it doesn't stop there, the roof top pool and terrace were Amazing, we spent the whole day up on the terrace in the sunshine ;) Not to mention location just a few steps from all the shopping too!!I would highly reccommend this hotel, we will definatley be coming back again and again!	
Aug 5 2009 	Good location but not good value for money	We stayed here for two nights from 24 to 26 Jul 09. We made our reservation directly with the hotel on its website. For the price we paid (CAD$194.48/night plus $20/day for parking) , we expected breakfast to be included but was told when we got there, breakfast was an extra CAD$16/person. Check-in was fast and without any hassle. Parking was at the underground parking lot accessible by elevators. Security was very good as you need to use your room card key to use the elevators and to enter the parking lot. We were assigned a room on the 2nd floor with terrible view. The room was ordinary (2 queen-size beds, TV, fridge, microwave, coffee-maker, small bathroom). The bathtub was dirty though; there was dirt around the tub. We had our breakfast at the Cafe Circo at the lobby on the second day. It was a buffet with your choice of eggs/pancakes/bacon/sausage cooked to your liking. Cost for two adults was CAD$31.50. Our 4-year-old ate for free. We were not too impressed with the breakfast so decided to go a nearby Chez Cora the next day. The swimming pool, hot tub and fitness center are on the 11th floor, also accessible with the room card key. Location is excellent as it is just two blocks away from the main shopping district. Overall, it was an okay stay, but we would not stay there again because it is not good value for money. Wew ould try the Holiday Inn next door the next time we are in Montreal.	
Jul 30 2009 	Friendly staff great location wonderful sunrises	This hotel was wonderful! The bartender was willing to banter, the front desk was helpful, the concierge was so wonderful (and quite handsome). The hotel itself is located within walking distance of most of what you'll want to visit, provided you don't mind walking a little. There are maps available at the front desk. The swimming pool and jacuzzi were a nice relief at the end of a day of walking. Overall, a wonderful hotel with wonderful people.	
Jul 26 2009 	Good location	We stayed one night at the Hilton in February as were going by train and then using the Metro system. As it was February (cold) we found that the Hilton allowed you to travel to around Montreal without going outside. Staff were friendly and helpful and this may be the most secure hotel on Earth, you can only enter and exit by elevator, no street access. The downside was that our room was next to the heated pool and was very hot all the time.	
Jul 23 2009 	our first choice in montreal	My wife and I have stayed here twice in the last 12 months and will stay here again. The hotel is very clean, nice rooms and a very good location. Walk a few blocks and you have the metro, shopping (University/St. Catherine's) and restaurants (St. Laurent). The breakfast at the hotel is good. Best kept secret: the open veranda on the 11th floor -- perfect if you want to enjoy a good book and a great view.	
Jul 22 2009 	Best stay ever !	I stayed at this hotel for a week in July and have to say that I have never been so impressed by a hotel.I have to travel a lot in my line of work; therefore I have to stay in a lot of hotels.The stay was impeccable from the moment I first checked-in. After a delayed flight, I was greeted by a warm smile from the front desk clerk, who was not only sympathetic but I was amazed at how ALL of my special requests that I had made, through my online booking, were met. It was a delight to see how quickly I was served.During my stay, I often opted for the hotel restaurant and room service. The food is absolutely amazing but astonishingly well-priced as well and as usual served with a smile.The hotel services, from the gym (all new equipment), to the pool, location everything was beyond perfect.The rooms are perfectly decorated with a touch of coziness and modern sophistication. The hotel in its entirety is hands up the cleanness hotel I have ever been to.Everyone working in this hotel is very attentive to the guests' needs and does it with a genuine smile. Definitely a five-star hotel that I recommend without a moment's hesitation.	
Jul 20 2009 	Don't waste your time	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights at the end of June. We are two parents and 2 teenagers so we booked a room with a suite (seperate door to a hide-a-bed). Checking in was simple. At first we thought we were on Candid Camera. We opened the hotel room door and walked into the hallway where there was a couch and tv...oh this must be a den...nope! This was what they called the junior suite part of the room. As a matter of fact - we had to totally move around the furniture in order for the pull out bed to pull out and still allow us access to the door!! Okay - so we had to move the furniture and it wasn't as big as we are used to......the shower was another episode of Candid Camera!! Everytime I turned on the shower the water barely came out. Each time a maintenance man came - of course the shower sprayed! Well it is a good thing I had a sense of humour cuz I was ready to go to the Salvation Army just to have a shower!! I finallyinsisted that the maintenance man take apart the shower and low and behold there was some plastic something that got into the pipes somehow at sometime during the renovations....blah blah blah...and they finally got it working. It still wasn't a great shower - but it was wet and warm.We bought the breakfast included option - but slept through it all but one day. There is a supermarket literally at the end of the block. There is a delicious creperie just at the corner too. The parking actually filled up one night and we had to beg and plead for them to help us find another option. They gave us the manager's spot. Oh we ordered room service one evening - the food came very quickly hot and yummy.The location is very good...Sherbrooke is a great street for easy access to Downtown, old Montreal, Six Flags, restaurants and shopping.We ate at Gibby's one night in Old Montreal with some friends who live in Montreal....Very expensive - but great service and super delicious!!!My parents and my sister's family stayed at Hotel du Fort in a suite and they were really happy.Hope this helps.Anyways, the staff, who are all really polite and friendly,	
Jul 8 2009 	The best service in a Montreal hotel hands down.	I was there during a recent business trip to Montreal. I have to say that my selection of hotel could not have been better. From the time we were efficiently checked in, until final check-out, the hospitality of the staff was amazing. I spent the odd hour or so out people-watching on the patio while having a drink or two and I would be remiss in not mentioning the outstanding service of Max, the waiter. He was extremely service-oriented and friendly and was a great help with any questions I had regarding the surrounding area, nightlife and metro transit. Anytime I return to Montreal, I am guaranteed to stay at this establishment. I will also recommend them to whomever asks.	
Jul 1 2009 	Clean spacious room in a great location	Travelled with a colleague to Montreal for the weekend and found out, to my silent delight, that my room and bathroom #1508 was much larger than his. Although we paid the same rate (CAD 180+++), I don't know the reason behind the discrepancy. Nonetheless, both rooms were clean and tastefully furnished. The chair at the desk was fully adjustable, and made working on my laptop much easier. I have been in many hotels where the chair is a standard upholstered chair and the height is really not suitable for business travellers. The bathroom (8'x10') was large and toiletries were by Neutrogena. Do note there is no bathtub. The Hotel provided a Get Fit Kit for free by request. This comprised of a medicine ball, 2 dumbells, a yoga mat, a resistance band, and some other exercise gear. Great for a workout in your own room! I took a peek at the gym and the small indoor pool and was not that enticed to use either.I did not have breakfast included in my room rate but did not have difficulty finding food around the hotel. There's a cafe in the basement of the building just a 3min walk away (turn left when you exit the hotel) that serves a decent eggs benedict and pancakes. There's a creperie (turn right when you exit, and it's on the corner) that had jars of nutella in the window! Very tempting... I ate at the lobby restaurant late one night and found the generous serving of smoked beef sandwich quite tasty. The chocolate souffle was a little too runny in the middle for my liking. Although the food was not outstanding, it was reasonably priced for a hotel restaurant. Location, as other reviewers have mentioned, is great. It's a short walk to the metro station and the concierge will call you a cab to the airport if needed. I'd stay here again and would recommend anyone to do the same!	
Jun 23 2009 	Excellent hotel and highly recommended	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on our recent trip to Montreal and loved it. We were upgraded to a suite, and the room was comfortable, spacious and well-appointed. The breakfast buffet includes a nice selection of breads, cereals and meats/cheeses and cook to order plates. As nice as the room was, the staff and the location helped make it truly wonderful. The concierge was fabulous! he had great tips for our sightseeing plans and arranged for a reliable cab to pick us up at 4 a.m. to take us to the train station. He was also just a lot of fun to talk to. The location was also wonderful. We never took a cab or public transportation while in Montreal. We were able to walk to everything we wanted to see. The hotel is centrally located between Old Town and shopping district. The view of the city from the rooftop terrace is also a plus. I would highly recommend Hotel Hilton Garden Inn!	
Jun 8 2009 	Nice hotel great service	We have stayed at this hotel twice now and on both occasions the rooms have been nice and clean and the staff extremely helpful. They communicate politely in both French and English. The breakfast is served in the typical Hilton Garden Inn Model with a buffet of continental breakfast foods and ordering of cooked breakfast and it is nice.It is only a 5 minute walk to the Metro and not too far to Rue St Catherine.	
Jun 7 2009 	Great Stay at the Hilkton Garden Inn Montreal	Had a recent one-night stay at the HGI in Montreal downtown and had a great time.The rooms are fresh, large and well maintained and are much larger than some of the older and more expensive places in town. The hotel is about a ten minute walk from all of the city's action areas and had an excellent weekend rate.The food for breakfast was decent and th staff were helpful. We had a problem with our room (A/C not working) but this was soon sorted out and we were given another room and also free parking as a gesture of goodwill. Overall a great, if short, stay and would recommend this hotel.	
Jun 7 2009 	Fantastic place and deal!	My wife and I were looking for an affordable but nice place to stay for a couple of days in Montreal. What a treat this was to discover! Huge rooms and well-done decor. The place is clean and the staff is very friendly (and speaks fine English). The front desk manager responded immediately to our only issue (a shower door seal that leaked)...she moved us to a larger room with a better view without even being asked. And the mattress was fantastic!!!	
Jun 6 2009 	Better than most resorts I have stayed at!	Stayed here once before and chose to return while my house was being painted simply for all the little extras that amaze me like the unbelievable sun deck that makes you feel like your on a 5 star resort overlooking the city. Bring a book, and spend some time up there..combined with the salt water pool..its breath taking!I was a bit pessimistic about the breakfeast buffet because I didnt see the traditional hot plates of runny scrambled eggs and potatoes, but after having my omlette made to order to my taste and then having the ultra friendly staff convince me to try their waffles also made freshly for me, I am afraid I wont be able to settle for less from now on.	
May 30 2009 	Nice Stay in Montreal	Overall a nice stay and a little nicer than your typical Hilton Garden Inn. The only thing that wasn't that great was the breakfast. Also watch if you go to the pool...the pavement is extremely slippery. I'm almost fell walking to the hot tub. Also the pictures of the outside of the hotel are deceiving. The hotel is only about 11 stories high and the tall building next to it is condos I believe, but is has the Hilton Garden Inn sign on it. Nice place overall.	
May 26 2009 	Nice Hotel great service.	My husband and I stayed here for Memorial Day weekend, we've been to Montreal several times and usually stay in another hotel, but decided to explore our options for this trip. We were happy with our choice, the hotel is clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. We were concerned that it would be too far out of our way, but were happy that the hotel was within walking distance from St Catherine. The only thing I would mention is that their undergroung parking is somewhat confusing.. we had no problem getting in, but there is now exit sign, so we had to stop and ask someone. We would stay here again.	
May 25 2009 	Great for families - brand new beautiful staff was very accomodating	We stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn for one night during a quick stay in Montreal, a city we know well. The location is terrific and the hotel was immaculate. We came with three kids and wanted one room. Our room had two queen beds and we requested a cot. When the front desk realized that we had three kids, they assigned us a corner room which was lovely and spacious. Beds were amazingly comfortable!	
May 25 2009 	Great hotel staff not too swift!	The Good: The rooms were great! This hotel is only a year old and everything is up to date. The rooms are clean; beds are comfy, lots of space. The Hotel is very clean and well maintained. The bad:Parking: This is by far the worst parking garage EVER! It's very tight and only 1 lane with 4 floors of parking. We had a difficult time finding a spot, and then when we did we couldn't find how to get into the hotel. There is no signs telling you where to go, then when we found how to get up it was stairs. This is fine when you don't have luggage to carry up, the only other option would be to go up the parking ramps which are steep and you have a chance of getting hit by a car. This was not thought out at all when designing this hotel. I found the Staff at the front desk had no idea what was going on and rude. They charged items to our room that we didn't get, our key card would stop working after one use and the staff wouldn't believe you when you went back down to get it re programmed. I'm fluent in French but I speak English as my main language and the staff not thinking you can speak French would speak about you and other guests in French right in front of you. All in all the hotel was awesome, but parking and staff horrible!	
May 23 2009 	Nice hotel... bad experience	I reached Hilton Diamond VIP status last year, and have stayed in many HGI properties across North America. This is one of the nicest I've been to - unfortunately we had a very bad experience there...We were traveling with our baby, and just checked out of a different hotel because they had starting painting outside our door. When I called to make the reservation, I was assured that there would be no painting, renovation work or construction happening during our stay. We booked a 1br suite that was spacious and clean. The service was also terrific up to this point. However, the next day they started painting the hotel stairwell with extremely smelly and toxic paint. It was impossible to stay in our room for even a few minutes as the smell was burning our nostrils. The air conditioning system was also shut down for most of the day for service. We had to leave immediately. The hotel management ultimately did the right thing by us, but not without a lot of loud complaining.All this being said, I wold probably stay at this hotel again if I couldn't book into something better (Crystal!). The pool and fitness area are particularly nice.	
May 21 2009 	The Only Place To Stay in Montreal"	This hotel was simply great!! Living in Vermont, Montreal is a city we visit several times a year for leisure. Out of the over 15 hotels we have stayed at over the years, this one is simply the best! Kristine at the front desk was wonderful..super quick check-in! The cleanliness of this hotel was just spectacular! The room was beyond spacious and you must check out the pool, hot tub and sundeck, even if not planning on using it, its worth a quick peek just for the view alone. The gym and steam room were state of the art. My only small complaint would be that those huge fabulous windows we enjoyed upon arrival would have been even better with black out shades and not just the thinner, shear curtain that allows a ton of light in the early am. Easy fix with an eye mask! This hotel is by far the best Hilton we have ever stayed at anywhere!	
May 18 2009 	Will Never Stay Anywhere Else in Montreal!	We just got back from a two night stay at the Hilton Garden Inn and we've decided that we will never stay anywhere else when visiting Montreal in the future. Amazingly clean and spacious rooms, incredibly friendly and helpful staff and great location; all that we could ever ask for and more! There is also a Cora's steps from the hotel so that was a BIG plus for us! There was also a fantastic bistro on the SE corner of Sherbrooke and Bleury with an owner who was one of the nicest people that we have ever met! This hotel is HIGHLY recommended!	
Apr 24 2009 	Not your normal HGI... TOP OF THE TOP!	Being an elite member of several hotel chains I have to say that this Hilton Garden Inn in downtown Montreal is the way above the best! The staff are ultra-attentive and are willing to bend over backward for any and all request.If you don't have time to grab a bite out, be sure to visit the hotel restaurant for an amazing meal presented in 5-star fashion all while tantalizing your taste buds.For a week of business or a long weekend get-away this Hilton has it all. Check in and forget the hassles... focus on what's important.	
Apr 24 2009 	One of the better Hilton Properties	Normally I find that Hilton properties tend to be overrated. Understandably, during a UFC weekend in Montreal the prices were inflated but the price of this Hilton was surprisingly competetive compared to other hotels in the area but on a non-event weekend even in the summer it's cheap at $120/night. The location is excellent walking distance to both St. Laurent and St. Catherine's so for nightlife and eating purposes it's great. The service was amazing. I made the mistake of booking a 1king bd instead of the 2-queen I intended. This is one of the few that actually has 2 queens in the room by the way. After realizing the mishap, we went back to the front desk and they were able to find a room to accommodate us with no extra charge. Room was simple but really clean with great comfy sheets and an amazingly comfortable bed. Us girls had a great sleep. I work for public health in Toronto so I'm very cautious about hotels and its cleanliness. This location was very well kept. Security was amazing as well as you need to swipe your room card in order to access the elevators, the parking garage and pretty much virtually every part of the hotel. The staff really make everything easy for their patrons. I highly recommend it.	
Mar 24 2009 	We've found our new favourite Montreal hotel	We thought we would try this new hotel out and we're very pleased. The staff was friendly, the room was spacious, and the hotel spotlessly clean. Just note that the bathroom only has a shower stall - mind you it's two person shower stall but if you're looking for a hot bath after a long day of site seeing... you'll be out of luck (that's the only bad thing I have to say.. everything else was wonderful.	
Mar 11 2009 	Very spacious and clean rooms	Stayed here for one night while on business, and was pleasantly surprised by the size of the rooms. Was supposed to stay in a suite on the 11th floor (according to my Hilton Honors preferences), but at check-in was told there was a construction elevator outside my window. I was given the option of looking at the room first, and indeed, the elevator was literally on the other side of the room window. I was not comfortable with this, and within 10 minutes, another room was found. Although the new room was not a suite, it was plenty big enough for my needs, with a great working area - comfy desk chair and plenty of light. Also, the bathroom was huge, with a big shower stall. The fitness centre had new equipment. I took a quick look at the pool, which also seemed nice.This is a more basic version of the Hilton brand, meaning no room service in the morning. The buffet breakfast was OK - not the best I've had, but it served the purpose.As I was there for work, I can't really comment on the neighbourhood, though it did seem a bit far east of the core, and hence may not be the best for shopping, etc. Also not sure of proximity to Metro stations.	
Jan 14 2009 	Clean comfortable friendly staff... Perfect!	After a bad experience at another hotel in Montreal, I checked into this trusty Hilton chain and I was so glad I did.Check in was a breeze even at 10am. Front desk staff were very nice, friendly and spoke English.The room itself was spacious with a comfortable bed, desk, chair, flat screen tv with many chanels, coffee maker, bar fridge, microwave. Free wireless internet in the hotel.Bathroom was clean, good shower head, new towels.There is an indoor pool, spa and gym on the top level. The pool was a little chilly for my liking but the spa was great after a long day. We ordered room service twice and both times were pleasantly surprised. Service was fast, food tasted great and had a decent price tag as far as room service goes. The location was good, very close to a metro station and grocery store. Everything was clean &amp; modern in the hotel and staff were very friendly and accomodating. I would recommend this hotel to other travellers to Montreal. Yes, its a chain, but at least you know you will get a clean, comfortable and friendly establishment at the end of the day.	
Nov 26 2008 	Loved the Hilton Garden Inn	Loved the Hilton Garden Inn. I found it Grey Cup weekend after research I did online and after reading several reviews..I stayed here for 8 days. It's in a great location - close to the metro and a 10 minute walk to the heart of St. Catherines Street. McGill is nearby so there's lots of restaurants and shops. Old Montreal is close by metro or cab ride.Rooms are decent size, bright, clean, new, and the beds are really comfortable. Daily housekeeping was efficient and did a great job. Microwaves, fridges and coffee makers in each room were a nice touch.The staff is friendly and helpful. The food and the restaurant is good and room service very reasonable. The fitness centre has about 8 cardio machines, weight machines and free weights, plus a pool, hot tub, and steam room. All were in great shape and never very busy.I would definitely stay here again!	
Oct 26 2008 	Very nice trip	I chose Hilton by doing some research online. I read many reviews of the many hotels in the area. The fact that this one was new and had plenty of parking was important. And then getting a good rate through Expedia clinched the deal.The staff was very helpful even offering a loan umbrella due to the rain outside. The room was very nice and clean. The beds were comfortable. The bathrooms were well stocked. Very much as desribed. Only one comment to add that may not be too flattering. I felt blindsided by the fact that I got a bill the next morning for $23 for parking in the garage. And that we got a $30 bill for breakfast when whe thought it was complimentary. Other than that an overall enjoyable experience.	
Oct 21 2008 	GREAT FInd in Montreal	This is a brand new property (opened in August 2008) and hits on all cylinders. The rooms are well appointed, good sized, if not huge and include a safe, coffee maker, microwave and refrigerator. Everything works since it is all new. TV is hooked up to the local cable system, so lots of channels (both English and French) are available. However, pay to view movies are not available, but you aren't going to Montreal to watch movies, are you?There is a great fitness room and indoor pool and sauna. In addtion to having a good quantity and quality of workout equipment, the fitness room and pool are on the 11th floor and have large windows, making for an attractive space.The business center has two computers, which is adequate and internet access is at no extra charge. The staff is very helpful and efficient and clearly eager to make a good impression and all were fluent in English ( I assume they are fluent in French also and I heard one speaking German, but since I don't know those languages, I can't comment on the fluency of the staff in them).As usual at most Hilton Garden Inns, there is a not a full service restaurant, but room service is offered and there is a small bar. A full breakfast buffett is offered, including made to order omlettes. This was quite good. The location is in a pleasant residential area near McGill University, so there are plenty of restaurants, bars, stores and services nearby. The Place-Des-Arts Metro station is two blocks away. It is not in Old Montreal nor in the heart of the business district, but it is easy to get to both by Metro, taxi or on foot. The only real disadvantage of the location is that it is not connected to the underground walkway system. There are several other hotels nearby including a Courtyard, Holiday Inn, Detla and Four Points, but it is unlikely that any are superior to this property.	
Aug 23 2008 	Love Love This Place	The hotel opened on Wednesday. We stayed for two nites from Thursday to Saturday morning.The rooms are great with flat screen TV, small fridge, aqnd WIFI access.The pool is small but clean, filled with salt water. The gym is well-equipped with machines and weights.The staff is great, very friendly and bi-lingual. The bartender is a sweetheart. The rest. is not great but who cares- you are within blocks of good dining.There is underground parking for $20/day.We will be back.	
Aug 25 2009 	Très bon Hilton bien situé dans Montréal. A ne pas rater		
Apr 10 2009 	Excellent services et superbe hotel		
Sep 25 2008 	Un bon hôtel encore en construction		
