Nov 18 2009 	clean and good pricegood locationNot as bad as the reviews	I stayed this Hotel for one week, what I found was a very clean room and clean sheets and clean pillows on the bed and a very clean bathroom. The hotel staff was very nice and accommodating,they prepared the breakfast at 7:00 am everyday for me when I told them i must to attend my meeting before 8:00am........In fact, I didn't find any bed bugs.	
Nov 1 2009 	The germs you can't see	BED BUGS... stay away!AVOID THE TORMENT I WENT THROUGH BECAUSE OF CONTRACTING BED BUGS FROM THE SAINT MALO MONTREAL. AVOID THIS HOTEL.The Saint Malo Montreal has a huge BED BUG problem. There are many reviews about it, just like mine.I stayed here and was very disappointed with the cleanliness. I had bed bug bites all over me (see sample photos attached). Bed bugs can be a major disturbance and cost you thousands to exterminate if you take them home. You may end up throwing out some of your favorite clothing. Don't risk it. The worst part about it was they would not admit there were bed bugs in the room. They played dumb. Very unprofessional. It cost me a lot of money to treat all my clothing and remove the BED BUGS. THE BED BUGS BITES STAYED ON MY FACE FOR NINE DAYS.	
Oct 7 2009 	Clean and Comfortable Pretty Good Location	The room is small, but it's very clean and cozy. the whole environment is so quiet and comfortable, with free breakfast of huge, the room charge is very reasonable. Especially, the location, we can get to St-catherina street which is main shopping and resto street in montreal just in 3 minutes on foot. And the staff is so friendly, good experience!!!	
Oct 1 2009 	Dirty and uncomfortable	I don’t usually write hotel reviews but really have to warn you for this one.The first thing we noticed entering the cramped room in the basement was the smell. Then the stains on the bed covers and carpet, followed by the dust and mould in the corners. We asked for another room, but they looked even worse. As the helpful desk clerk explained, ours was “De Luxe”.With no time to look for another hotel we checked for bed bugs, found none – just some spiders – and reluctantly decided to stay.Everything in the room was neglected and dysfunctional. The closet was about to fall apart and just taking up some of the limited space left around the two beds. The sink fell off the wall if you touched it – we learned not to do that. The bath tub floor made sounds indicating that some muddy substance was under it, although it didn’t come out. The remote control batteries were blank and several light bulbs were blown. The table fan turned on but didn’t move sideways. The ice bucket held dust. A spilled colored substance – long dried up – smeared the inside of the shared refrigerator in the hallway.The room had no air conditioning. The central ventilation system gave a weak flow after the kind desk clerk cranked it up, but most of the time did nothing. The room had two windows. One opened to the street at foot level, so we kept it closed. The other opened to an alley, but turned out to be the source of the stench, coming from the kitchen of a nearby restaurant. Only late in the evening the window could be opened for heat control.After a rainy night a car in the alley drove through a puddle, splashing a wave of water through the window over my wife and the book she was reading. It was so absurd, that we finally had a good laugh about it.I’ve travelled a lot in Europe, North America, Brazil and Asia. This was the worst hotel I saw in 25 years.	
Aug 8 2009 	Complete Dump In Trashy Part Of Town	This place is a complete Dump. It tells you it has onsight parking but that is a lie, you have to park down the street in a very unsecure and very unsafe looking car park. It only got worse as me and my boyfriend went in the room. It was tiny, and looked nothing like the photograohs online. The bed was all crooked and tiny, you cannot call it a double. Never stay here. We checked in then an hour later we checked out and went to the novotel where we had a brilliant sat for only $20 extra a night.	
Jul 23 2009 	Absolute Crap	This should not be a &quot;Hotel&quot; its more like a Rooming House or Hostel.The room was disgusting dirty especially the shower extreme mold, bed comforter wassoiled from previous guest. Paid for 2 nights but we left after 1 night. My youngest daughter called this place the &quot;HOLE&quot;	
Apr 27 2009	Dump	I was greeted to the smell of marijuana upon my arrival. I would be greeted to this scent for the remainder of my stay.The service was good and the staff was bilingual. This was the only good thing about the stay.The room was hilarious. The room was the size of a postage stamp. The lamp was missing its lampshade. The bathroom light fixture was to have three light bulbs but only one light bulb was present.There were dust bunnies all over the floor and it appeared the room hadn't been vacuumed in some time. I don't think a vacuum could fit in that room.I noticed a dead spider in my tub. I left it there to see how thorough their cleaning was. It was still there upon my return in the evening.The mirror on the closet was broken and was comically taped into place with packing tape.What was not so comical was the thickness of the walls. I could clearly hear the activities of the people two rooms down - you cannot imagine how clear the sounds of the activities occuring in the next room were.I have stayed in hostels and hotels all over the world and never have encountered something like this - especially in my own country. I was shocked. I am not one to complain and I have never written a review for a hotel ever before but after that stay I felt compelled.The location was the only good thing. I guess you get what you pay for. Even so, the price was still very high considering what you get.By the way - I couldn't find any bed bugs - I checked.	
Apr 7 2009 	clean friendlygood price	This hotel is small, but the room is very clean. ( a small 3 floor - 14 room hotel), with small rooms with no elevator. However we had a great stay there. The staff was very friendly and the property was immaculate. Free Continental breakfast of huge,and the price is very reasonable.	
Mar 14 2009 	Worst place ever	Worst stay ever, Bed bugs everywhere. bathroom isnt cleaned at all. THe towels are always dirty, even when they are replaced, they are replaced with dirty ones. Never changed the bed sheets, staff is indifferent to the hygiene of their hotel. Drawers have weird stains on them. Staff is annoying, they do not understand english well. Breakfast is a joke, it's really a joke. I thought this was a hotel, from the pictures, turns out its a craphole. BED BUGS ,,, i got large red bumps all over my body starting the second day.. very horrible place, go at your own risk	
Feb 15 2009 	dirty and poor service	First off, upon entering our first room we were immediately disgusted by the stained bedspread, after taking it off we noticed that the sheets and pillows were covered with hair. The shower was gross and clearly not cleaned. I would not step in it without sandals. After speaking with the extremely rude woman at the desk she explained that no hotels wash their blankets in between customers and we should not have expected it. We finally had to switch rooms which was only a mild improvement. The ice bucket was very dirty and we couldn't use it. While looking for my phone charger under the bed I found a used condom wrapper. The complimentary breakfast consisted of stale donuts, stale croissant, and some bread. The parking is 15 dollars a night. The internet did work well though. It is located in a pretty good spot as well. Right off of St. Catherine and a couple blocks from Cresent St. The dollar cinema on Decaires street was a great deal to catch a movie. If you are on a budget get some $.99 slices of pizza on Cresent St or Mont Royal St. The Madhatter on Cresent St. was a chill bar for young people. If you don't want to pay the $15 for parking you should park at the Casino for free and take the bus back. The buses and trains are $2.75 each. Don't turn right on red lights. At the casino if you want to play blackjack or roulette the minimum is $25. Try the dollar wheel which is a lot of fun and a good way to make some money. The cigarettes and beer were very overpriced in Montreal. Bring your own. Hope we helped.	
Jan 14 2009 	Decent hotel - especially for the price!	We booked this hotel using credit card points, but I had seen that it is an inexpensive hotel. For the price, it was great! Great location right off St. Catherine, near lots of shopping, bars, and restaurants. The room was small, but clean. The bathroom was very clean as well. Definitely no bed bugs.	
Oct 29 2008 	Reasonable price for a reasonable room	Stayed here in June 2008 for the convenient location and price. We booked the double deluxe room and it looked exactly like the pictures on the website...although the bathroom was initially smaller than expected. Of course I wasn't expecting anything luxurious but my bathroom only had the tiniest corner shower that I've ever seen (no tub), at lease there was a window to help me feel less trapped. The room was cozy and the beds were comfortable (although mine was somewhat slanted). I personally didn't experience the bedbug thing that the other reviews talked about. Our view consisted of nothing special --- We were beside an apartment building and we could see their balconies...so we kept our curtains closed. There was air conditioning included in our room which was a lifesaver because of the heat and a continental breakfast : Orange juice, apple juice, coffee, croissants, chocolate croissants, muffins and yogurt. They gave you a tray and you had to take it to your room to eat...which may bother some people. The only bad thing I have to say about this hotel is that I didn't like the paper thin walls and all the stairs I had to go up with my huge suitcase (although the man at the desk was kind enough to offer his help). The verdict?The people at the front desk were friendly and accommodating, the rooms were clean and comfortable, the location was perfect for me (Near Dawson College and Place Alexis Nihon) and I only had to pay 80$.This hotel is perfect for very short stays when traveling alone or with friends.	
Sep 22 2008 	Great Location - Not as bad as the reviews I read	I chose this hotel because of the value and the location. I was surprised to find it was better than I expected after having read the reviews here. The report of bedbugs was concerning but I didn't read that review until after I booked and prepaid for the hotel. I checked the beds as soon as I entered the room and was relieved not to have any. In fact, what I found was a very clean room and new sheets and pillows on both beds. The hotel staff was very accommodating. They even called a cab for me as I was leaving the hotel at 4AM. The free wi-fi in my room worked very well. I was in room 202, a deluxe double room which had ample space and a very clean bathroom. The only complaint I can think of is the walls are a bit thin, but not so much that I was awakened. I was more concerned the creaky floor would wake other guests when I woke up at 3AM for my trip to the airport.	
Sep 7 2008 	Not very impressive	Although the location is good, we were not very impressed with the rooms.The lack of closet space, and the fact that the meagre breakfast needs to be taken up into the rooms, is quite clumsy.If you do not hang up the sign &quot;please make up room&quot; the room remains unkept.Due to airline problems, we were delayed and called, but were still charged for the rooms, although we strongly believe that the rooms were rented out for the night.Staff is not familiar with the tourist attractions in the area.	
Sep 1 2008 	AVOID at all costs.	I slept in my bed only 3 hours only to wake up with over a dozen burning itchy red welts all over my body - both our beds were infested with bedbugs. Even with all the lights on, they were crawling over the pillows, duvets, dust ruffle etc.... Although this is more modestly priced hotel in the McGill U area, no hotel should have bedbug infestation of this magnitude. This is on top of moldy shower curtains, stained carpets, chair upholstery and facing a pigeon infested and droppings crudded balcony next door to boot. Unacceptable at any cost.	
Aug 23 2008 	Bedbugs	One word summarizing about my experience: Bedbugs.	
May 24 2008 	A Quaint Place	This hotel is a great deal. A lot of people say this hotel wasn't good or such, but, honestly, for Montreal, the price is right. I booked a room from travelcuts.com and paid $65/night for two double beds, their premier room. The room was quite small and the amenities were few, but I stayed in downtown Montreal for cheap in a rather modern and definitely clean hotel. I had to climb three flights of stairs to get to my room, but it was quiet, and every morning there were fresh croissants and juice/coffee for free. Also, I found a parking spot up the road for FREE. This is something that you'll never find in most downtown Canadian hotels--especially Montreal! We were only a few minutes' walk from the Metro, so we easily hopped on there to get to Vieux Montreal and Le Plateau area.This hotel is a definite must for those of you who want to explore the &quot;real&quot; area of the city and also the tourist areas and stay in a nice hotel at half the cost.	
Nov 15 2007 	Small Hotel but Great!	This is hotel is really good to a short stay as we did. The room was small, but comfortable and clean. A very important thing!!! The bathroom was brandnew and very clean too. The breakfast is not too much, believe me... But those days we eat everything they had. Good Choice, Good Price...	
Sep 6 2007	Good location poor quality	The St. Malo claims to be a three star hotel but it's far from it. The owners are quite delusional if they think that this establishment deserves a high rating -- no elevator, horrible breakfast (could it even qualify as food? Don't ingest it), cheap renovation, poor quality beds, strange smell in the bathroom, dirty walls, staff barely speaks English or French, cloaged drains, broken faucets, fake wall tiles in bathroom, windows facing dirty alley, etc.The location is good and the price not so bad, but please don't call it a three star hotel!	
Aug 22 2007	Malaise at the Malo	My ex-wife booked this hotel for two rooms as we gathered to help our son start university nearby. I arrived on a Friday. 1.) The phone in my room didn't work and the staff couldn't fix it or replace it, saying the phone company would come on Monday to fix this most basic of services. They were gracious enough to allow me to use their wireless phone if I walked down to the lobby to fetch and return it; 2.) I returned to the hotel on my first day to hear the front desk say &quot;we couldn't clean your room because you locked the bathroom door from inside and we can't open it&quot;. In 4 decades of internat'l travel I've never locked myself out of a bathroom!*#! More interesting was that it took them about 5 hours to open the door despite the existence of a little hole in the knob designed to pop the lock; 3.) My room's front door comes with a deadbolt lock to lock out crims at night, but it didn't work, nor was there a chain. There was just one flimsy easy-to-pick door-handle type lock; 4.) I had to reset the digital clock at least once a day because the housekeeper kept unplugging it to make the bed. 5.) The staff doesn't speak English OR French very clearly .. but you can get by in Mandarin; 6.) poor sound-proofing between rooms; 7.) the complementary breakfasts are a joke .. the first morning there weren't any hot beverage cups even though the coffee was brewed. So this hotel is a BYO hotel re: bring your own door lock and lock pick, bring your own landline phone, bring your own complimentary breakfast, bring your own Chinese-English-French translator. They staff were very pleasant.	
Aug 7 2007	Recommended	We stayed here for 3 nights in July 2007. Rooms are extremely small but very clean, new looking and modern deco. Bathroom is very clean and also new looking. Free breakfast of croissants, muffins, orange juice provided so you can take your food up to your room and eat (no room to eat in the shoe box lobby area). Front desk staff seem to only speak either French or Chinese which proved a little difficult when I asked about internet cafes. But no big problem, I walked a couple of minutes and found an internet café down the road a little. Turn left out the door then first right there is a good noodle house. Also there is a supermarket and a pizza place immediately across the road from the hotel. We did the Grayline open top double decker bus tour around the city which was very nice. The hotel itself is in a good location, nice rooms but very small. If you are travelling light then you will find this a good place to stay.	
Apr 1 2007 	ok for its price	Stayed at this hotel during my 1 week visit to Montreal, and have to say its ok for its price. (You can not expect much from a budget hotel) The room was nice and clean, the thermostat worked perfectly, and the TV had around 65 channels which is definatly a plus. The only two thing I did not like was no heat in the bathroom, which made it very unconfortable when getting in and out of the shower and also it was not soundproof, I had a room next to a bunch of people who was VERY VERY LOUD. I would recommend this hotel to budget travellers and travellers who could sleep thorugh noises.	
Mar 29 2007 	Clean Affordable Cozy Friendly	This hotel is what it is. It is not the queen elizebeth or the hyatt but, a small 3 floor - 14 room hotel, with small rooms (a bit larger than a cruise ship room) with no elevator. However we had a great stay there. The staff was very courteous and the property was immaculate. Free Continental breakfast of huge crossants, toast, muffins and pastries, coffee and juice, really saved a few bucks on breakfast each day. I paid about $53.00us per night on travelocity website. It is conviently located two blocks from the GUY-CONCORDIA metro stop that got me everywhere I wanted to go (underground malls, biosphere/olympic stadium, bell centre, place des arts etc). It was not very far from the bars and nightlife of Montreal a 5 to 6 block walk or short taxi ride away. Security coded door entry to the hotel lobby was a plus. They have limited parking in the underground garage next door ($15.00 per night only 4 spaces) so I would call ahead to reserve one. The room itself like I said was very clean, stocked with a coffee maker and coffee, iron, a cache of magazines and travel brochures, plus Cable TV with some 65 stations in french and english. The bed was small for 2 (full size mattress) but very comfortable. I would stay there again if on a budget or maybe even if i weren't.	
Nov 15 2006 	Over 30 - stay away	If you're 30 or over you probably don't want to put up with a hotel like this. If your under 30 - this is probably your idea of a really NICE hostel. First of all, our room was in the basement. Then our heat wasn't working and we asked them to fix it 3 times before it was fixed - this is November people - it's cold. Also, we found a bug in our room and bug residue on the walls from someone killing one before we got there. Ok, could that be nastier?It's in a decent enough location - but I recommend staying somewhere else.	
Oct 30 2006 	This place is a joke	We booked one night at Le Saint Malo for a sporting event. For the price we paid, we were in complete shock when we saw the size of the room. Also, the room was located literally beside the front desk; we could hear every word the front desk clerk was saying. Note: this hotel does not have anyone working from 12:00am onwards until the early morning. Why is this???? I have my personal thoughts, which I will not disclose. I believe there is a moral responsibility here to ensure the safety of the guests. Long story short, could not sleep as the floors creek tremendously. The guests above whom were walking around set off a 'creek-fest' in the floor above us. To add, the front desk phone was ringing off the hook.....we later learned that it was the police calling as there was a disturbance call in the hotel and the police could not enter the building as a code is required after 12:00am as there is no one working at those hours!!!! The biggest concern I have and would like to notify readers of is that someone tried to enter our room in the middle of the night. I had to call the police as my wife was petrified and I was very concerned for her safety. All in all, I am very disillusioned about this hotel as I would not expect the hotel to be on some of the travel/hotel portals. This is not the type of hotel to take your family to. Take my word,Seasoned traveler	
Oct 12 2006 	Great say affortable opition in good location	It's strange reading reviews so different from your own experiences. I do agree with the recent post though--clean room, good service (great cleaning in fact), great bathroom, and an affordable/clean option near the Metro in a great city! I had to leave for the airport at 3:30 am, and the staff called me a cab the afternoon before and provided directions for where to leave my room key, since there would be no one at the front desk. I had a quick breakfast each monring and found the service very friendly, even though I don't speak French at all. It's situated in more of an English-speaking neighborhood, so I think they're quite used to English-speaking guests.	
Aug 19 2006	Perfectly pleasant	This was one of the cheapest places I could find in Montreal, so I didn't have very high expectations - but was pleasantly surprised by the clean, comfortable &amp; quiet room (with large &amp; sparkling bathroom). It's nothing special, but I would recommend it as a good basic choice in a very convenient location. Check out Le Petit Moisson Boulangerie a few blocks away for outstanding pastries.BTW - parking was an extra $15/night in a locked garage -- tho you can find cheaper in nearby open-air parking lots.	
Aug 16 2006 	Stay Away!	I stayed at Le Saint Malo for four days and had a very disappointing experience. I'm a budget traveler, so I knew what to expect, but Le Saint Malo does not even provide budget basics. The staff was extremely rude, the hotel was quite noisy, and there was an non-secure/broken door in the hallway on my floor leading from the hotel to the building next door, which made me feel extremely unsafe (and it was left broken for the last two nights of my stay). I complained to the staff about the broken hallway door and was told &quot;never mind, go back to your room.&quot; The building next door (which I had access to through the broken doors on my floor) had beer bottles on its stairwell and was in generally poor condition.In addition to this lack of concern for guest safety, the staff also refused to provide basic services. I asked the staff to call the airport shuttle for me to make my return reservation and they refused. The staff member handed me the phone number and said I needed to make the call myself. Also, some people have speculated that the poor service is due to the fact that the staff speaks French, but I speak enough French to get by and this did not improve the service. I highly recommend that travelers stay away from this hotel. Some friends of mine had much better luck (and better prices) at some of the local B&amp;B’s.	
Aug 8 2006 	Great budget hotel	Stayed here with my girlfriend in Sept. 2005. Found rooms to be clean and nicely decorated (bright/trendy as opposed to some of the drab budget rooms you can get). Found the hotel staff very friendly and free breakfast was available of coffee and donuts. Walls in the rooms are thin but we only had a problem on our last night (stayed 5 nights) with a loud couple in room above chatting all night! We did have a few problems...On arrival we we given the basement room. Aircon was broke and as it was directly under the reception, the noise was terrible with people trodding about above you sounding like elephants.Next day we asked to move and were given a new room on the second floor. Much nicer and air con was working and this one had a private bath as well. Sadly on the following day the bath wouldn't drain and some gunk came up form the pipes. Nasty smell to say the least. Hotel staff were informed and a plumber was called and all was sorted that day.Aside from these issues we still had a great time, for £40 ($80 CAD) a night it was really good. Felt safe and it was in such a great location. Few minutes walk from Guy Concordia subway station and just off Rue St Catherine. Would definately stay here again!	
Mar 28 2006	Exactly what we were looking for	My wife and I stayed at the Saint Malo for the weekend (3 nights)and would definitely stay again. Make sure that you book your parking space in advance (4 spaces for 13 rooms)as we were left the first night without hotel parking...we did park in a garage down the street, but did not have enter &amp; exit privileges. We paid $262 CDN for three nights (tax included) plus $15 per night for parking, local calls were $0.59 each.The hotel itself is three stories with 3-4 rooms per floor and 1 or 2 in the basement. I would not want to stay on the main floor, as it opens directly into the lobby (when I was in the lobby for ice, I could hear a woman giggling from her room). We stayed in #304 (3rd floor)and found it to be in excellent condition. New furniture,tv, carpet, bedding, tub, shower, etc. We had an iron and board in our room, ice box, hair dryer, and clock radio. When I walked by other rooms the maid was cleaning, they all appeared to be the same. The windows were old, but could be opened to let in fresh air. We had a thermostat in our room but always found it to be a little warm, so we left the window open at night (the blinds kept out the light). One night we had a trumpet player on the corner playing everything from Hockey Night in Canada to Oh When The Saints Come Marching In.... Continental breakfast was provided in the morning. The only negative I could find with this hotel was the size of the room. It was small...about 10X10, but what do you really need the space for?St. Catharine Street is about 30 paces from the front door and you could walk down to Crescent Street in about 15-20 minutes. We took a cab that cost $8 with the tip. There is a taxi stand on the corner of Rue de Fort and St. Catharine, so you never have to wait for a cab. Around the corner to the left is the Italian Rotisserie, a diner type restaurant with AMAZING Italian food (our bill was under $20). To the right is a 24 hour diner that fit the bill for after the bar food!! Service was slow, but the place was packed and there was only one waitress...food was good.If you eat meat, you cannot go to Montreal and not go to Schwartz's Deli (St. Laurent Blvd. - not walking distance). &quot;The best place in the Milky Way to sample smoked meat sandwiches!&quot; - Time MagazineThere was a 15 minute wait on the street to get in, but it was WELL worth it. Again, our bill was under $20!Back to the Saint Malo, we had a great stay, it was definitely worth our money and we will go back.	
Feb 12 2006	Fair for the Price	Amont the &quot;cheapies&quot; in Montreal, it's ok. The rooms are small, my bed was great, the bathroom small but the shower was great. If you just need a room its hard to beat. Well located. Doesn't have internet, but there is a great internet place 200m south of it. No elevator. Parking is underground at the apt building next door; its secure versus many of the outdoor lots of similar class hotels. I've done the St.Andre and the Berri and would take this any day over them.	
Aug 12 2005	Not so good but not too bad either	Our room was in the basement. When I say the room was small, it's a huge understatement. There was two of us in the room and deffinetly felt like needed more space. Pretty plain room with a bed, small TV with lots of channels, table, chair, closet and dresser. There was no bathtub, only a shower, and it was tiny. The bathroom was very small. We had a big fan in the room for air conditioning. The room was clean. There was no soundproofing as we could hear people talking and entering and exiting their rooms. There were some donuts and muffins at the front desk for breakfast which was a nice touch. Staff was friendly and helped us in booking a tour to Quebec City(which I highly recommend) Montreal has a lot to see and do. We were only in the room at night. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a clean room to sleep in overnight. Do not expect too much and you will not be disapointed. Deffinetly not a luxury hotel. There is a 3 star rating outside the hotel. In my oppinion that's somewhat high, I would say more like 2 stars.	
Jun 13 2005	I wish I had had the room that the other reviewers were in	Unknown to me, my visit to Montreal partially overlapped with Grand Prix. It was next to impossible to find an affordable room in town, so I was stuck with what I got. Firstly, my room was in a basement, and there were no bars on the windows. This put me off, as a woman travelling alone, but also there was no possiblity of a breath of fresh air. There is no dedicated safety deposit for valuables, and no extra ID was taken when the front desk took them from me, of gave them back to me. However, in the basement, I felt this was somewhat safer than leaving my passport in the room.The vacuuming was truly limited to the center of the room ( a button on the baseboards next to the bed was there for the whole visit of 3 nights) and my hair was never picked up off the bathroom floor. Although the toilet had been changed, the old grouting had been left on the tiles, and was brown and grubby where the new fixture was smaller than the old. However, the bed linens appeared to be very clean, and the sink and shower were also attended to. For this I had the privilege of paying $400 on the Friday, as it was Grand Prix. Still love Montreal, but I would not stay here again if there was another choice.	
Jun 12 2005	Location location location	We stayed at the St. Malo from June 1-5, 2005. The best part about the hotel, its location. A couple of blocks from the Guy-Concordia Metro Station and right off Rue St. Catherine. Very safe area, supemarkets and pharmacies nearby, also pretty decent Vietnamese food at the Restaurant Bamboo down the street. The downside to the hotel is that it is really, really small - like 13 rooms small, and no elevator, and paper thin walls. The desk staff was pretty friendly though and again, for the price and location, you can't beat it. I would stay again if I was going back to Montreal with friends again, not a romantic location though.	
Mar 6 2005 	Nice hotel	Really great experience, great staff, friendly and very helpful. They go out of their way to help you. Great location, in the middle of downtown close to all major attraction and the metro. Rooms are clean and recently renovated. Would definitely use it again next time I'm in Montreal.	
Feb 12 2005	good renovations!	I stayed at the hotel last week for a couple of days and it turned out to be a wonderful experience. The rooms and bathrooms have all been renovated and all the furnishings were brand new. The room was small but cozy and modern and the bathroom was spotlessly clean. A big thumb up to the new management!!!  The hotel really is at the heart of Montreal, and we walked everywhere to restaurants, cinemas and stores.   At that price, there are no reasons not to spend more weekends in Montreal... 	
Feb 11 2005	excellent deal	My stay in this hotel was very enjoyable. I found some of the previous reviews unfair. It might be because those who wrote the reviews had stayed there before it was renovated, but let me tell you, it's one heck of a deal. You get 5 star rooms and service for less than a 3-star rate. The people are very nice, and did help me when I asked for directions, restaurants, and places to have fun. It's right in the middle of everything cool in montreal. I'll be definitely staying there whenever I'm in montreal and recommend it to everybody. 	
Feb 11 2005	Great Place Great price	It was a great find right downtown Montreal. The service was very friendly and the rooms are brand new. I felt at home there. I was able to connect to high speed wireless internet, magasines were available in the room and everything was new and comfortable. 	
Feb 5 2005 	loved it	I had no complaints about this hotel. It is located in the heart of downtown and its only two blocks from a metro station and more importantly is next to Crescent street where all the clubs are. It was newly renovated and everything is new. And it was also very clean… Price was just unheard off before for a hotel in downtown Montreal…	
Oct 3 2004	under renovations	Ah. le hotel st malo. they were under major renovations when i stayed there; the only two rooms that were intact were in the basement. the entire hotel was under construction, with workers banging and crashing at 9am. the room was imaculately cleaned; but the door looked like it had been kicked in a few times, (the lock was good though.) apart from the utter chaos between the front door and the room, and the banging/crashing workers. all was good. except for the lack of a bathtub plug. the owner was friendly, gave discount for paying &quot;cash&quot; and seemed to be in the &quot;grey area&quot; of reputability. as long as you are used to this; it shouldn't be a problem. it's right in the middle of the english area of town, near concordia. this makes it a little boring, as everyone you meet near the hotel is from toronto. if you want the real cultural experience get a place on the other side of rue st. laurent.	
Aug 11 2004	Malo in spanish means bad	Probably the worst hotel ever. I stayed one day, and had my personals stolen. I even caught the owner on a lie. He claims my cell phone got mixed up the linen...funny, I did not know that cell phones could walk from the table to the dirty linen. A camera that was put in the room, was taken while we were out. The only person that had a key was me, and the attendant. Also, the blood stains on the box spring were a little odd. Had to buy air freshener to change the smell in the bathroom.Do yourself a favour, pay a little extra to get a reputable hotel. We learned our lessons.	
Aug 27 2002	Its a room just like it says on the box	My boyfriend and I picked the St Malo for a romantic (but cheap) weekend trip to Montreal. It was really a good experience, especially for the price. The rooms are neat and clean, with a vaguely nautical decor that was really interesting. The showers are hot, the towels are skimpy, but they're willing to give you more. It was a wonderful place to spend a hibernation weekend - the rooms were small and very cozy. If you have back problems, I wouldn't recommend it - the beds are hard! There's an open market right around the corner to get all kinds of nice things to eat, and its right in the center of the action - right next to Rue St Catherine! There's also a Thai restaurant (a good one, but I don't remember the name) right around the corner, and a Metro stop not too far away. One caveat, though, make a reservation or get there early. We got in around 7 pm and got the last room in the place, only because it was reserved. Overall, this was a great place for people who just want a room in admidst the touring, but if you're used to travelling in style, this hotel will probably be a little lowbrow for you. It did have an incredibly 30s speakyeasy quality though, due to the locked front door and completely outre marble and iron decor of the stairs and small lobby. We didn't try the Continental breakfast, but I'm sure it was nice.	
May 21 2009 	Sporchissimo!		
Oct 16 2008	Excécrable!		
