Nov 4 2009 	Ok place to stay	close to airport and easy access to downtown. very clean and staff is very helpfull. Good Wi Fi included and good breakfast included in price. Parking at $9 per day is excessive. Overall an OK place to stay short term. a bit too expensive compared to comparable hotels in the area. Hard to access if you are not familiar with the ridiculous traffic circle within a traffic circle road set up. The city of Dorval and the airport authority really need to get it together and try to make things user friendly re signage &amp; access. It's Montreal so don't hold your breath waiting for that to happen.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great night sleep for early morning flight.........	The elevator was not working for a short amount of time and staff carried our luggage up seven flights of stairs,worked fine in the morning..I was concerned about the noise factor I had read about,apparently they added extra windows. We were on the 7th floor ,train station side. I am a light sleeper and did not have any problems with noise. The room was clean and comfortable. The staff friendly and accommodating.The breakfast starts officially at 630am but we were able to eat at 6am as we needed to get to the airport. The food was good and plentiful.I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again. Seems easier to get to from the airport than going to airport.	
Sep 6 2009 	Very close to the Airport but hard to access/Près de l'aéroport mais difficile d'accès	My experience with this hotel didn`t start on a good note to say the least. At -25 degrees, we could see the hotel from the highway, but how to get to it? Geez, we circled around the hotel along time before being able to find the right path to it.Once we reached it, I was surprised to see these nice large rooms for the price I was paying. It is very close to the Airport, obviously.When I chose an hotel close to the airport, my expectations are not too high as I am usually spending only one night there to catch an early flight. We got in the shuttle the next morning on time for our flight.What I really liked about this place are the room. Modern, large, which is convenient when you are travelling with young children./////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////Mon expérience avec cet hôtel n'a pas commencé sur une bonne note. Nous avons tourné autour de l'hôtel un bon 45 minutes avant de trouver la bonne rue pour y accéder, et ce malgré le fait que nous pouvions voir l'hôtel depuis l'autoroute, à -25 degrés.Une fois trouvé, j'ai été agréablement surpris de l'endroit pour le prix que je payais. Ce que j'ai aimé le plus, ce sont les chambres, qui étaient spacieuses, ce qui est très important lorsque nous voyageons avec les enfants. Je n'ai pas beaucoup d'attente lorsque je couche dans les &quot;Hôtels-aéroports&quot; car nous y demeurons habituellement seulement une nuit avant de prendre notre vol tôt le lendemain. Il y avait une navette tôt le matin qui nous a permis d'arriver à temps pour notre vol.	
Aug 20 2009 	Fine hotel	Stayed here on a local business trip. I loved the decor. Shower built for two was a nice touch : ) I had a hard time getting to it since it's on a one-way street, but otherwise it was fine.	
Jul 17 2009 	Very convenient	New place with spacious rooms and a small cafe (soup, pizza, natchos etc) and bar. Continental breakfast the usual plus waffles. Excellent location very visable from the 20 and very close to the airport.	
Jun 25 2009 	convenient good service but not a great hotel	Good: spacious, comfortable rooms, wireless internet access, convenient location, very helpful service at breakfast (even accommodating us when we showed up for breakfast just as they were closing down)Not so good: rooms on the back get a lot of noise from the highway and train; parking lot was not well plowed and once we had to dig out a space before parking the car; hard to find in the maze of ramps around the airport -- needs better signage to get you there (tip: cut through the parking lot of the Best Western); housekeeping miscue (because we checked in late in the evening, our room was left off the list for housekeeping to clean and make up, so it wasn't made up after our first night, but the housekeeping manager came and personally apologized	
Jun 19 2009 	Perfect Stopover hotel	I spent one night at the Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites Montreal Airport in early May before catching an early morning flight. The hotel is brand new, very modern, room rates include breakfast and has free shuttle service over to the airport every 30 minutes. No complaints whatsoever, I would definitely stay again.	
May 5 2009 	Bargain for a clean new hotel	When I booked this hotel there were very few reviews and most just explaining how complicated it was to arrive. We were lucky enough that I programed our GPS and found it no problem, though I can see how if you didnt have one it may be an issue. If you don't mind a bit of a drive to the city centre this is your best bet. The hotel was lovely, everything was new and very clean. The breakfast buffet had a nice array of options and the pool was warm and fun for a dip at night. We had no complaints over all and am planning to return in a few months for my next visit to Montreal.	
Feb 12 2009 	Great Hotel!!	We stayed at this hotel because we had an early morning flight and were coming from Ottawa. The most important thing was that we needed a 24 hour shuttle because we had to be at the airport at 3:45 and this hotel has that. Great shuttle service!The hotel itself is really nice. Very new. The rooms are great - very comfy beds, nice big bathrooms with great amenities, nice tvs. We had dinner and drinks in the bar/lounge in the lobby and the food was delicious! And they provide breakfast the next morning. We weren't going to be there when they served breakfast so they provided a boxed breakfast for us to pick up on our way out of the hotel!They also provide a &quot;park and stay&quot;. So we left our vehicle there for the duration of our trip. I would definitely stay here again if I needed an overnight stay at the Montreal Airport!	
Jan 21 2009 	Very Nice Property but hard to get too!	Great hotel. Brand new with very nice rooms. Very hard to get to from a tourist point of vue. Even if it is hard to get to, I will stay there again if I go to Montreal. It is a 20 minutes drive to Downtown.	
Nov 28 2008 	Great Hotel with Wonderful Staff	NEW HOTEL as of writing (Nov 24 - 26). Best Fairfield I have ever stayed in!! Best hotel staff that I have seen in all of our travels across the world; so friendly and accomodating. Business travelers frequent here quite a bit. Sleek, chic bright hotel located off of a roundabout and near a rail line. The trick to getting to the hotel if you are driving is to immediately turn off of the roundabout and turn right into the Best Western parking lot. Go to the left and drive behind the parking lot. This will lead you to the front of the Fairfield. My husband and I drove this roundabout twice until we got it right! Self parking fee of $8 CAD (plus tax) with in-out privileges. If you don't want a room facing the rain line, then say so. We stayed in Room 917 for 2 nights and Loved it. Nice sized room. The beds are comfortable, the halls are well lit and bright and carpet is very clean. The bathroom was very clean, too. There is some airplane noise, but this is an airport hotel. Did not hear the trains from our room, but knew there were communter train tracks next to the hotel. Free Wireless Internet. If you do not bring a laptop, there are 2 computers in the business section for guest use. Enjoyed the unlimited continental breakfast that included bacon, egg and cheese quesadillas and waffles. Breakfast ends at 9:30am. Breakfast area is not busy, but it would depend on when you go to eat breakfast. There are two washers and dryers in the on-site laundry room so you can do your own laundry.Hotel is about 20 minute drive to Centre-ville/Downtown Montreal, located right off of the autoroute/highway. I highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 23 2008	Nice little getaway!	First off, this is a nice little hotel near the Pierre Elliot Trudeau Airport, and right beside the train tracks. The hotel was ready in May 2008, and it's gorgeous. Its still very very clean. My girlfriend and I stayed there for a weekend getaway, and we loved it. As for other reviewers complaining about certain things, here's what we think. Yes, the hotel is a terrible location. The trick to get to the hotel is to cut through the Best Western's hotel parking lot, across the street. AS for noise levels, we had our room facing towards the front side away from the train. We had no problems sleeping, nor could we complain about the outside noise. However, we do suspect that people may have suffered louder noise if their rooms faced the train. Request to have a front faced room, and this will solve your problems. My girlfriend's a light sleeper and she had no problems sleeping.The staff was friendly and helpful (they gave us nice info with places to eat, close by, and they provided a map). Rooms were very clean, and their was even a nice little pool. Also, there was a small workout room too. Continental breakfast was delicious, with the Belgium Waffles. &quot;Come for the Waffles, stay for the beds&quot;.We did have one little problem and that was that the tub didn't drain correctly unless the drain tab was lifted. No biggie, as we used an elastic band to get us through. We're sure the staff would have done something had we mentioned it.Parking was cheap at 6 bucks a day, but we noticed some noise from other patrons, but not much. The rooms are fairly sound proofed, but not completely. None of them really are anyways, regardless of which hotel you stay at.Overall:Pros: -Good rates for clean rooms-Continental Breakfast-Clean pool and workout area-Sturdy Beds-Cheap parking-LCD TV (Where did this come from?!? lol)-Friendly and helpful staffCons:-Terrible location-Hard to find-Eating area is pretty small-Breakfast area ends at 10, and usually has a line	
Aug 21 2008 	Nice new but can be busy. Indoor pool a plus for families.	Booked this hotel after reading the reviews posted here. Most of them are spot-on: the hotel is right next to a major rail line, so make sure your room heating/AC unit is set to &quot;Fan On&quot; if you are a light sleeper, as this will reduce the extra noise when trains roll past.The hotel has an indoor pool - that's something my two kids always prefer, no matter the season. It's smallish but still decent.The free continental breakfast was slightly above average; the usual assortment of breads, cereals, juices, coffee/tea, plus a waffle maker. The hotel was nearly or entirely full during our stay, so the breakfast room was packed 3 of the 5 mornings we were there.The hotel's location is a plus if you're using the airport. If you're instead spending most of your time downtown, the hotel is a tad remote. However, you can leave your car and take public transit ($2.75 per trip as of 8/08) - by catching the 211 or 221 Express bus at the Dorval train station (a 200 ft walk from the hotel) to the Lionel-Groulx Metro stop (Green line) and then taking the Metro into town -- a published trip time of 32 minutes). We only discovered this option on the last day so couldn't take advantage of it. See http://www.stm.info for more details; use the STM trip planner (&quot;Tous Azimuts&quot;...both in English and French) to build a schedule. Both that bus line and metro operate past midnight.Parking costs $8 per day, unlimited in/out privileges. Make sure to have your room key card encoded for parking lot use, or you'll have to request a key code in person every time you want to exit -- that can be a hassle if the front desk is busy.As others have said, the hotel is hard to get to the first time you try -- it's on a one-way street and you merge onto that street just PAST the hotel entrance, so you have to loop around.If you type in '700 Avenue Michel Jasmin&quot; (the hotel's address) into an online map service (Google Maps or the one at the Fairfield website) you can see what I mean; the directions those services provide are accurate.I found the hotel staff overall very helpful. Would stay there again.	
Jul 7 2008 	Beautiful property near airport a bit hard to get to	I stayed there to be close to the airport for an early flight on a Monday morning. The property opened in March '08, and it is by far the best Fairfield Inn I've stayed in. The rooms are magnificent, very well kept, and just an all-around beautiful hotel. The location is somewhat hard to get to when driving. The trick is to go to Dorval Avenue back and around over to Michel Jasmin avenue. It's well worth checking out an online map if you're headed to that hotel. [I was a Montreal local for 26 years and it still took my local friend &amp; I over 10 minutes to find the way to get there!]The hotel is of course close to the airport, and in a mostly industrial area, so forget about walking anywhere from that location.	
Jun 13 2008 	Great airport hotel.	Stayed here because of airport proximity. Had not previously stayed in a Fairfield and was really impressed by the friendly, helpful staff, the convenient services, and the good value. Facilities were very nice -- I thought the small fitness room was well equipped for this level of hotel. Indoor pool looked well maintained. They provided some good restaurant recommendations and a map to the nearest gas station (not far), but roads are very confusing in that area since there are so many highways coming together. Room was clean, comfortable, and a good size. Cont. breakfast was good, including belgian waffles you can make yourself. My only complaint was the noise from the trains -- quite loud even at the highest floors. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 6 2008 	A GEM of a hotel in the location from HELL.	Travelling by car, in town two nights to attend a family function.. The location of this brand new hotel was a nightmare. It is situated on the edge of two roundabouts (all signs in french) which facilitate entry to the airport. Please keep in mind that we grew up in this area and are very familiar with the &quot;Dorval Circle&quot; flow of traffic but there are no words to describe how difficult it is get get to this hotel. If I found it a challenge to get to, I cannot begin to imagine what a tourist would go through to get to this location. When we finally did arrive I asked the desk clerk to give me his rendition of directions and if I'd followed his directions I'd still be in the car!! I can't fault him however, because I don't even think I could give directions in this case, it simply defies words. Oh the noise.......This hotel is located directly beside a major train station and freight line. With freight trains passing 200 feet from your room all night don't expect to get any sleep. The hotel itself is brand new, the room was very nice, exceptionally clean and the staff are friendly. No faults there, everything you would expect from a Marriott hotel. (I'd give the hotel itself 4 stars). The rate is quite reasonable however the trade off of location an noise is just not worth the savings. I would have gladly paid an extra $60 per night to get some sleep. Sorry to say but we would recommend giving this GEM a miss.	
May 30 2008 	Brand New 	Just stayed there after long flight from Rome. Glad to be back at a Marriott style Hotel. Very kind front desk people. Brand new Hotel, as was less then 2 months old when we stayed. Increadibly clean and good breakfast. 32inch LCD Tv was a bonus. Big rooms and Marriott level bedding which we always appreciate. Watch out as cabs charge a minimum $12 from Airport to about 2km from Airport, a ripoff. Take the shuttle for free. Recommend it as a GREAT STAY.	
May 29 2008 	More like a 5 star property	The Fairfield at the Montreal airport is more like a 5 star property than your standard Fairfield. I usually stay at Marriott properties and normally find the Fairfield line a little less expensive but quite sufficient compared to the Courtyard or high rise selections, so I was prepared for the usual Fairfield level of hotel. This particular one was very new and so clean you could eat off the floor if desired. There wasn't a speck of dirt or dust anywhere in the entire hotel and the lobby is quite impressive. Highly recommended.	
Aug 31 2009 	Un hotel business adatto anche al turismo		
