Nov 11 2009 	A Happy Stay	We were guests of Le Germain for the period November 6-8 and were very happy with our stay. The hotel is well located to restaurants, shops, and the museum but is on a relatively quiet side street. We love the design of the hotel - clean, edgy, and minamilist, yet still warm- and its small size. Our room (1407) was large, extremely comfortable, and well appointed. The hotel is showing its age, however, and there are certain things that need attention. The room carpet had a bleach spot in one area, baseboard and the paper cover on the drywall were missing in an “inconspicuous spot” beside the desk, and the toilet cubicle wood door was covered with dirt, a build up of oil and grime from hands, and other unidentified material. YUCK! Toiletries are Aveda. Towels are thick and two robes were provided. Inexplicably, the hotel uses a cheap one ply toilet paper reminiscent of the stuff one imagines was used in the former USSR. The bed is extremely comfortable but the linens were a little rough. The hotel service shines. We had free valet parking and were able to have the car retrieved within minutes. The valets appeared within seconds of us driving up to the hotel. All were extremely friendly and cordial. The front desk staff is outstanding. They are all unassuming, willing, and friendly. We were greeted warmly whenever we were in the lobby. The concierge also accommodated all of our requests for restaurant information and reservations. A small buffet breakfast with newspaper was included in our rate at the hotel’s restaurant Laurie Raphael. Service again was good and very efficient. The food was nothing special-eggs, bagels, bread, bacon, fruit, banana bread, juice, etc. We visited the bar in the same room on one occasion for a pre-dinner drink. It’s on the small side and wines by the glass were a little pricey. Service again was willing and pleasant. The only downside was peculiar and unpleasant odour in the room that was not evident at breakfast..I note that the hotel does follow these reviews and hope that the deficiencies I noted are corrected. If they are, the hotel would be ideal.	
Oct 16 2009 	Wonderful Experience	stay there for the long weekend from 09/05-09/07. unbeatable location. walking distance to all main areas and subway station. quiet area. nice front desk staffs, very professional. nice contemporary design. use real green apple as decoration at the elevator area (i saw someone actually ate the apple while waiting for the elevator). breakfast &amp; valet parking is included in my package. end up we did not need to drive at all, everything is walking distance. breakfast is on the 2nd floor restaurant, not too many selection, but food is fancy and taste good. we got to try out a rare kind of French cheese (unbelievably good!!) *** there is a line up for the breakfast buffet though :( short on staff to clean up the table *** otherwise, everything exceeds my expectation. I normally stays at the W or the QE Fairmont; just want to try something new this time and I made a wise choice. will visit again!!!	
Sep 24 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We'd like to thank everyone at the Le Germain Montreal for a wonderful stay. This is a marvelous hotel and all the staff including David, who checked us in, Kevin, who took our bags up to our room and Anik, the concierge who seemed to know all the places we wanted to visit were ever so friendly and helpful.We stayed in room 706 which was fantastic, large and bright, incredibly comfy bed and brilliant large flat screen tv with a huge choice of channels.The staff serving breakfast were also great, clearing a table for us as we got our juice and fruit.Breakfast itself was delicious, plenty of juice, fresh fruit, a very tasty white chocolate granola, plenty of coffee,bagels, breads, croissants and if that wasn't enough pancakes, eggs and ham.I 'd have no hesitation in recommending this hotel, the owners should be very proud of their staff and cleaners for making our stay such a pleasure.	
Jul 26 2009 	Funky boutique hotel	The style of this hotel may not be for everyone but if you like modern, funky hotels then this is the place for you. We have stayed in many of them - some work and some just don't - by which I mean that at first glance the room looks lovely but you soon find there is a major practical problem like not being able to see to put make up on! The room here just worked, it had been well thought out, was very spacious, quiet and had everything we needed. Breakfast was fine although we found that things were not replenished very quickly at the buffet. Also there was not much in the way of cooked options (although this didn't bother us). The hotel is reasonably small - it is boutique after all - and so didn't have much in the way of public areas, but again, this did not bother us too much. They had a computer terminal with a printer which was useful for boarding passes and so on. The location is great - a reasonable walk to the old town and very near the shops! All in all, a good experience, and I would stay again if I returned to Montreal.	
Jul 17 2009 	Terrific Boutique Hotel in Montreal	Recommended by someone my wife met in Quebec City last year. Wow! Fabulous! Completely renovated with terrific contemporary decor. Large rooms. Good workspace in the room. Big flatscreen TV. Robes. High end toiletries. Terrific service from valet parking to front desk through to housekeeping. Not the cheapest accomodation in Montreal but central location ... we'll definitely stay there next time we go to Montreal! Couple of blocks from the bar scene on Rue Crescent, right off Sherbrooke. Rooms are exactly as shown on the website. Room price includes full breakfast in the high end resto inside the hotel.	
May 16 2009 	Well Located And God Service	Hotel has a good location for exploring MTL , the service is great ( which isn't always the case in Montreal) and the rooms are a good size and stylish.	
Feb 11 2009 	Amazing Service	We stayed at the hotel this past weekend and had a lovely experience. It's a great hotel, very boutique.The best thing about it was the service. Fantastic nothing less. From the bellboys to the concierge all they do is ensure your stay is perfect. We needed a rental car and mentioned it to them at which point they did the research for us, providing all the options and letting us pick. Despite some reviews the breakfast was yummy. Fair variety warm or cold, and good coffee.We enjoyed the room, cute, relaxing and highly comfortable bed. You did not want to leave. Loved the bathroom concept with the blinds and open shower concept, very shick... So in reference to an earlier review I read, if you want wallpaper and old school wooden doors in your hotel, i suggest MOtel 8 those consumers.The gym was in construction, but they do have an offer to use a gym near by if wanted. Seemed like the lower floors were experiencing a makeover so there was some dust around, and because the room have deep dark wood there were some &quot;dust&quot; visible. If you know much about dust and dark wood, it's not that the room is not cleaned, but rather that EVERYTHING shows no matter how good the cleaning staff is. SO just a heads up if you do notice that.PS: the audi shuttle available is a fabulous plus, so thank you to the staff for a wonderful two nights!	
Jan 26 2009 	Great Service - Nice Room - Horrid Restaurant	We booked for our anniversary 2 nights. Overall, let me explain, my rating is low due to some problems, but there were some nice highlights as well. Our room was a &quot;Gourmet&quot; package including a deluxe King Size room with bathtub and 7 course meal. We seriously regret the gourmet package, which was a total disaster.Ok, first room they provided us with was a mistake, we were supposed to get a bathtub and reserved one long long in advance, instead we walk in and got a shower. the shower was silly, no door and in the winter, it was cold. Mind you, this hotel is known for their bathrooms and having a bathtub for our anniversary was a must. They had no other bathtubs available until the next day. The room was a bit dirty as in stuff splashed on the walls and the glass wall separating the bathroom from main room was covered in dust, everything else was pretty clean such as floor and shower, sheets were nice but terribly stiff so rough on the skin, lots of water on the windows (condensation) with water pooling in the window sills and dripping down the window making the room VERY humid and muggy. Very modern trendy decor, very large room.When they moved us to the other room, it was to our surprise the bi-level apartment suite. Very nice room, but again cleanliness needed improvement. Parts of the floor were dirty, stuff sprayed on walls in bathrooms which kind of grossed me out. However, we did appreciate the massive upgrade in the room and fantastic service. The staff there is excellent. The bathroom had an amazing set up, unfortunately we couldn't figure out how to drain the water in the tub and were only able to take a single bath.The restaurant. Oh boy. That place is a train wreck. First day breakfast (we dined in the restaurant) food was cold, tables were dirty with food all over, staff was rude. We had purchased a gourmet package with a 7 course meal in the evening which was a high light of our trip,, but we were not told it was a forced menu with raw seafood. After some huffle, they finally agreed to substitute the seafood for something else as I am allergic, but only for me not my husband.The seating was this very tiny table shoved in a very busy walkway near the stairs. Everything was eccentric, smelly and raw. Raw Emu, raw wild fish eggs, thymus glands, sea cucumbers, raw fish, and some sort of larvae where things wiggled when I brushed my fork over it. Interesting food is fine, we like our steak rare and enjoy calamari, but this was bird bites and just strange, what was worse is we had no choice in being served this stuff, it was forced on us and it was what we got regardless if we liked it or not. Staff that evening was OK. This cost us an additional $200, and it wasn't worth 5 bucks. We were so upset after that we went back to our room and went to bed.Food next day (breakfast) we had brought to our room. It was very cold, egg was raw and very runny, we were provided with a single packet of nutra sweet to split between both of our coffees, and it tasted gross.If you want to stay at the hotel, I would suggest avoiding the food like the plague. The hotel itself was excellent, very classy, great staff, but the food portion really brings the rating down by a VERY wide margin.	
Jan 4 2009 	Pleasant boutique centrally located	The front desk and bellman were very helpful upon arrival. The service that evening at the restaurant was excellent; the food was just so-so.Buffet breakfast was a nice touch.The rooms, while small, were tastefully decorated and well designed.Overall, a very pleasant experience.	
Oct 8 2008 	WOW!! What a great hotel!	I have never before written a review of a hotel in Canada when I am just there for a meeting--because so many of these hotels are such that one wants to forget them immediately. Not this time! I am very grateful to the member of our group who recommended this hotel--in fact, all of our group members were raving about how wonderful the hotel was by the end of our meeting!The rooms are lovely, and the glass partition between shower and bedroom gives a wonderfully spacious feeling. The service was impeccable at the front desk and elsewhere. The beds were as comfortable as in the best hotels where I have ever stayed. But la piece de resistance was the food--WOW!! I had an heirloom tomato platter as an appetizer that took my palate back to a Michelin starred restaurant in Stockholm (Bon Lloc). The scallop plate was also delicious. Even the sandwiches we had in the meeting were beautifully presented on individual platters with imaginative garnishes. The wines by the glass were thoughtfully selected--I had a crisp, perfectly chilled Viognier. Although the breakfasts were not as elegant (as to be expected), the food available was all of high quality.I can hardly wait for our next meeting which will be at the Toronto Le Germain!	
Sep 30 2008 	Ultra Chic hotel in Montreal	Le Germain Hotel in Montreal is a beautiful hotel, very classy, trendy yet inviting, and in my opinion it should be much closer to the top of the Trip Advisor list. We have stayed at Germain hotels in Toronto and Quebec City, and just as with the other Germain hotels this one did not disappoint. It starts with the exterior of the hotel, which is gorgeous. The lobby is stunning to say the least, and the beautiful design carries right through the hotel to the guest rooms, which are just so lovely. The staff was very helpful and friendly, and couldn't do enough for us. I especially was thankful to Sophie for making our accommodations such a pleasant experience. The room we had on the eight floor was very chic, and I loved the white duvet, super comfortable bed and spacious powder room. There was plenty of space for our luggage and incidentals. The only detail that could have been improved upon in our room, was the cabinet to put our clothes in was a little dark and I had a hard time finding things a few times. However, this was one small detail and I only mention it to be completely honest with my review. The thing that impresses me the most about the Germain hotels, is they are consistently, spotlessly clean. This is very important to me when travelling, and it is one thing that I know I will never, ever have to be concerned about when staying at one of the Germain properties. In conclusion if you like hotels that are relaxing, not overly big, in a good location....a hotel that will make you want to stay for a very long time, I would highly recommend this hotel!	
Sep 17 2008 	Spaciuos Room Centrally Located	Hotel le Germain is a great place to stay in montreal . The hotel is centrally located and the rooms are chic and quite spacious. It's close to shopping, like Holt Renfrew and Ogilvy. It's only a ten minute walk from le Musee Beaux-Arts. The bed was comfortable and the linens were nice. The staff were friendly and very helpful. The breakfast wasn't very good but it was included in the room price, so it didn't matter that much. Overall, Le Germain is a great hotel.	
Aug 15 2008 	Loved the hotel	We arrived to Montreal on the weekend of Nascar and a gay parade (or so we were told) and a big majority of hotels were fully booked.We were desperate to find just a place to sleep, but this hotel was much better that just that.Location is great, not far from the train station (we arrived by train). The staff were friendly, check-in was fast. Room was clean with really cool furnishing. The bathroom had a really nice surprise: the shower had a glass through which you could see bedroom! Of course it was possible to use shades and disable this &quot;feature&quot;.There was also a good breakfast with surprisingly wide choice (it was described as continental, so we didn't expect much) that was restocked often.The only funny thing at this hotel was the air conditioning system - we received special instructions for setting the room temperature on a little card when we checked in. It wasn't hard to use, just - different.Although we found this hotel by accident and didn't expect much, it was one of the best so far.	
Aug 4 2008 	Lovely Hotel Very Helpful Staff	We stayed at Le Germain for three nights. Having difficulty locating a hotel room, as the NASCAR races were on, I opted for Le Germain when I confirmed they had availability, as we had stayed there before and were happy with the service and quality of the property.We arrived in Montreal by train and the Hotel is very conveniently located near the train station (5 min. walk) on Mansfield.The property is very well cared for and maintained and our room (502) was clean, comfortable and elegant, with a lovely view down la rue President Kennedy. The breakfast is delicious and a great way to start the day and while there was WIFI access in the room, we used the public computer in the lobby. A very nice touch is the coffee machine in the lobby where you can get a latte, americano, espresso, etc. on the house.We ate one evening in the hotel restaurant, Laurie Raphael and we had an absolutely wonderful meal. The quality of the food was superb and the service friendly and attentive, without any attitude. I would certainly eat there again, as it was excellent and good value, given the high calibre of the menu.Annik, the Concierge, was very friendly and professional, providing an excellent referral for dinner one evening. All in all, a wonderful place to stay and we will return.	
Jul 11 2008 	Great Boutique Hotel with Very Friendly 	Le Germain is a lovely boutique hotel. The staff were so friendly and helpful from the doormen to the receptionists to even the girl who answers their 1800 number when I'd check up on the reservation. The rooms are nicely decorated and spacious. We had one room with a king size bed that faced the back of the building and a room with a queen size bed that faced the front. I'd try to get something that faces the front as the back just looks at office buildings.The bathrooms were nice and spacious as well with modern appliances. We had one problem where the toilet didn't flush but they sent someone up immediately to fix it. I love the Aveda products that they give you as well. Breakfast was included and was very tasty. One complaint from my mother is that the coffeemachine didn't make the hottest coffee though. Hotel is in a great area near St. Catherine St and was a couple blocks from the Jazz Festival.Also, the concierge was so helpful in making dinner reservations for us and suggested some delicious restaurants such as le Clube Chasse et Peche and the lively Rosalie. I definitely recommend Le Germain!	
Apr 2 2008 	Incredible service wonderful architecture!	LOCATIONClose to everything downtown on a quiet street. Near public transit too.SERVICEWow, what can I say. Everytime I needed something, from the bellhop to front desk staff or breakfast buffet waiters, they were there before I even had to ask. The bellman even calls the elevator for you when you walk into the lobby! AND when my taxi was taking forever to come, he offered to drive me in the hotel courtesy car.DECORGorgeous! This hotel still looks brand new &amp; up-to-date even though I believe it is a few years old. The rooms are well organised &amp; ergonomic. I love the detail of having a glass wall between the large walkin shower and the bedroom! My only complaint is that the doors could be better insulated to minimize hallway noise.FOODI had the buffet breakfast which was wonderful, with egg frittata, crepes, yogourt, fruit salad, cheeses, boiled eggs, juice, coffee and the piece de resistance, delicious croissants &amp; pain au chocolat! Our meeting also had catered snacks which were delicious granola bars and beautifully presented plated lunch with club sandwiches, pasta salad, fruit skewer and chocolate. Yum! More croissants and pain au chocolat for afternoon snack topped it off.	
Nov 21 2007	Le Germain Was A Great Pick!	There were many hotel options in Quebec and we certainly feel we made the right one! Le Germain was very modern and had a boutique hotel feel. While we were there was work being done in the restaurant but they still had a very substantial continental breakfast everyday. The concierge was also very helpful and recommended Europa Restaurant which was delicious. I would certainly stay here again!	
Sep 12 2007 	Still good but not great.	I agree somewhat with the previous review.I stayed at Le Germain in Toronto and felt that experience to be better and more professional even though the Toronto one didn't have a view from the breakfast area.I was surprised by the following things:-either no hot water, or cold water with calcified bits at the bottom, where the hot water for tea was supposed to come from; this happend all throughout my 2-night stay. Germain advertises as having 24-hr. tea/coffee service. I went down for a post dinner tea and there was nothing set up, and, the capuccino maker was broken at the time (granted, hotel staff were advised of this and tried to fix the problem immediately and someone came out from a back kitchen with a carafe of very hot water)-breakfast time was busy and food ran out fast, which is understandable, but it seemed to take forever for the staff to get it together and re-stock.In general, Le Germain remains to be a unique and luxurious hotel I would go back to, however, the one in Montreal seems to be getting &quot;tired&quot; and needs a boost of energy. For the price, I may have prefered to stay at the Ritz Carlton.However, one cannot complain about its location, front desk staff, QUIET rooms, and room comfort.	
Sep 4 2007 	Decent Boutique - but	Although the hotel is nice and in a pretty good location, I give it a 3 overall.First, the pros: nice modern decor - minimalistic without feeling cold. The rooms, while small, were pretty well appointed, and the bathrooms were nice too. Some might think the see-through shower is gimmicky, but we thought it was cool. And the location was good - in downtown, just a few blocks away from the nicest area of town with good shopping and restaurants.While everything was OK, I can't say it was great. I don't have any service horror stories, but it was overall underwhelming. Here are a few examples:- We emailed the concierge in advance for specific restaurant recommendations. They emailed me back with a standard list (which is on their web site) instead of having anything specific- At breakfast (which was free with the room), someone came over to me and said &quot;Some people are asking about what your room number is&quot;. I don't know if this was a language issue, but it sounded as if they thought I walked in off the street.- The maid's cart sat in the hallway outside our room for most of a day. Can't they get their work done- They only provide 2 towels, so when we were leaving to go out for dinner, we requested that they turn the room and replenish the mini-bar. Despite our request, they did neither.- The workout room is pretty pathetic...we paid 20 bucks to use the MAA sports club a few blocks away- After the 1st day, they never replenished those green apples that they make such a big deal about in the hallway on our floor.One other note - I didn't like the city of Montreal at all. Very seedy and industrial looking, blocks either felt touristy or desolate. Many people had told me it has a &quot;European&quot; feel - I am guessing these people had never been to Europe and are just impressed by French accents. You're better off spending a weekend in Boston or Philly.If you have to go to Montreal, though, I would suggest staying at the Loews Vogue if you want something more modern, or the Ritz Carlton if you want something more elegant and classic. They both seem a bit nicer with a slightly better location and have free access to the MAA sports club.	
Sep 1 2007 	Outstanding Hotel Great Service	We recently stayed at Le Germain in Montreal as part of a &quot;mini honeymoon&quot;. The rooms are stylish and welcoming, soft classical music is playing when you enter. It has a very modern feel. The beds are to die for, we didn't want to ever wake up and get on with our day. The buffet breakfast is decent as far as buffets go. Service from all staff we encountered was exceptional. They were very helpful in recommendations of places to eat and recommended a great sushi place just around the corner from the hotel. We can't wait to stay there again!	
Jun 21 2007 	Bigger isn't always better	I picked this hotel because it was right next to the Montreal location of my office, so it provided a convenient start for my weekend business turned personal vacation. This bite sized hotel is very nicely decorated, very modern and sleek. The room we had was huge, with a very large bed, lots of windows (although not much view), and a chaise to relax on (or throw your clothes on, which is what ended up happening). The bathroom is fully stocked with Aveda products, which is a nice touch, and three gorgeous apples are always waiting by the elevators on each floor. Guests are welcome to help themselves and they are magically replenished. Breakfast was included, so we started each morning at the buffet. Terrific selection of breads, hot items, cold items, fruit, juices, coffee etc., did not disappoint. There was a metro stop just around the corner, so it was easy to get around from there, or a short walk would bring you to some great shopping destinations and restaurants. If you are looking for a quiet, boutique hotel as a tranquil place to rest up after a day exploring the city, I would highly recommend the Germain.	
Aug 24 2006 	great hotel	stayed there a few weeks back for one night - very nice hotel - very clean - both the rooms we had were excellent - good size bedroom - big seperate bathroom - everything worked - staff were fine - great location for everything - maybe a little far to walk to Blvd St Laurent, but doable - would recommend crescent street for a good time, especially Newtown - nice and relaxed - only thing i would strongly recommend though is go with your partner - when you see the shower you'll understand why!	
Aug 21 2006	So nice	My husband and I spent two lovely nights at this hotel. I'm typically not the type to like modern style hotels. I like the “cushiness” that comes with more opulent hotels so I wasn’t sure what to expect at Le Germain.It was modern and cool and hip and simple and very very well done. It was clean and posh. The breakfast was just okay; it’s included in the cost of the room so no big complaints.The service was great. I loved that they were generous with the bottled water in the room and by the door. The location was perfect for walking to so many different places.	
Jul 7 2006	Everything was perrrrrrrfect!	Hotel with a lot of charm. Service impeccable and personnel extremely courteous. Would highly recommand. If you want to enjoy Montreal and feel like a king (queen) try Le Germain. Had diner at the Hyper Bistro Le G (which is the hotel's restaurant) and lllllllllllllllloved it, your should taste the scallop they where out of this world.	
Jun 23 2006	An hotel with an heart!	My wife and I have travelled the world to the finest hotels but I have to say that Le Germain as something very particular. From our first step at the door to the last one, all the staff were there to make our stay the most memorable experience. We loved our rooms so much that my wife and I bough the matrice and the bed sheets!!! What a good idea to recreate the Hotel Germain confort in our home!I are looking forward to discover their new property in Toronto!Hotel Germain - A Hotel with a heart!	
Jun 8 2006	Thank you for making my wedding day unforgettable	I got ready for my wedding at the hotel Le Germain. The staff was wonderful and so attentive to my needs. They helped me and my bridesmaids get ready for my big day. They helped make a stressful day for any bride-to-be a wonderful experience. And the little note and gift we found in the room upon our return was the final touch to such a wonderful day. Thank you again for being part of our memories. We will definitely return to celebrate our anniversaries with you.Thank you for making my wedding day unforgettable!!	
May 2 2006 	VERY VERY disappointing	I am growing weary of boutique hotels that self-create from converting a bad hotel or apartment building. This hotel compares very unfavorably against not only Montreal's top hotels, but even against three-star hotels.First, construction on the facade of the building meant that my room sounded as if the drilling were right in the hallway...all day. Not a good enviroment to get some work done. Of course, even though I reserved only a few days before arrival, no warning at all. Again, as one who travels half the year, I am tiring of hotels who lie or withhold information.The rooms are teeny. While the furnishings are fine, the room itslef is dumpy. Really, it reminds me of a dorm room in college if you would just bring in really nice furniture.The bathroom is fair at best. My room did not have a rainfall shower, just a glass shower with a fairly normal shower head.The exercise room is a joke. It's a converted single room with some old equipment thrown in.After this impression, you can understand why I didn't further roll the dice and eat at the hotel.Location is great but, so what, there are tons of hotels just as well-situated downtown.	
Jan 9 2006	luxurious 	Hotel Le Germain was gorgeous, and the staff treated my partner and me like royalty. The room was HUGE with an enormous luxury bathroom and a big soaking tub. No view - we faced a wall. But the view was definitely indoors. I've never stayed in a nicer room anywhere.The restaurant was generally average. I don't like buffet breakfasts generally, and especially not in a luxury hotel. Dinner in the restaurant was presented very stylishly and the atmosphere was elegant. The taste of the food was average to above average - an attempt at haute cuisine.Overall, I'd highly recommend the hotel to anyone - business travellers or couples. LGBT friendly staff.	
Oct 22 2005	Le Germain did everything right!	My husband and I decided to take a quick get- away from NYC and flew to Montreal for 4 days. We stayed at the Le Germain, based on reviews I had read on various forums. We were not disappointed in any way.The front desk was professional and quick to handle any questions.Our room was beautiful, overlooking the front of the hotel, with a very comfortable bed. I slept like a baby every night.I enjoyed fresh croissants and excellent coffee every morning.A great part of our enjoyment of Montreal was staying in such a nice hotel, I look forward to our next trip, in the summer.	
Aug 16 2005 	A very classy lovenest		
Aug 14 2005 	Did not meet expectations		
Jan 5 2005	An excellent experience		
Aug 24 2004	Loved Le Germain!		
Jul 15 2004	Loved the Hotel Le Germain!		
Dec 11 2003	Great expectations...		
Sep 20 2003	Montreal Oasis		
Feb 16 2003	Wow!		
May 28 2002	Great Service Great Location		
May 28 2002	Ce que devrait être un hotel urbain!		
Nov 4 2009 	Ga naar le Germain !		
Oct 11 2009 	Tout était parfait !		
Oct 11 2009	à faire!!		
Jul 16 2009 	Chaleureux		
Jul 8 2009 	Nous avons adoré!		
Feb 24 2009 	Parfait sur toute la ligne		
