Oct 14 2009 	Hotel's clean but due for renovation	The hotel is centrally located in downtown Montreal and it's easily accessible to a lot of tourist attraction. Hotel's clean and staffs are very friendly but it's due badly for renovation. It has no swimming pool either.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good location good service but hotel could use updates	Stayed here while taking my daughter on a trip to visit McGill university. It is a great location and the service staff was very helpful. Lobby is small, elevator was broken and hallways were a bit shabby.	
Sep 27 2009 	Unforgettable memories	The day we went to Montreal, the weather was horrible, it was raining. Our bus arrived early and we were thankful that we were able to check-in early. The staff was super nice. The hotel was clean, the beds were soooo comfortable. Most of the time we spent was in hotel because of the weather but we didn't mind. Location was pretty good. Beautiful during the night time. We honestly enjoyed it!	
Jul 17 2009 	Wonderful as always	Another one night stay but we wished it was longer. A lovely hotel - friendly and efficient staff and well equipped rooms (515 is very good). Now they have a resteraunt which serves good food and is no more expensive than most resteraunts in Quebec City. We have stayed here several times now and find it's location - just inside Port St Jean - and amenities excellent.	
Jul 8 2009 	manage your expectations	I stayed 3 nights during June. Due to a good offer, I chose this Marriott over the other one (Chateau Champlain) which I stayed last time. I didn't expect it to be at the high end but it is not too bad as it is an old building.Surprisingly, it is not noisy during day or night. The room is small and the bathroom is tiny too as expected but the desk is quite big. Everything is quite dated and worn. Even the pillows are over-used. The air conditioner is super noisy so I had to turn it off in order to sleep. The internet is free and it pretty reliable. The only new thing in the room is the TV which is flat screen.The only thing that really bothered me was finding someone's hair on the bed and in the bathroom. I think is belongs to the maid.The hotel offered buffet breakfast for $11.99 which includes coffee and juice but who can eat so much in the morning.With all the hotels on that street including the brand new Holiday Inn and Hilton Garden Inn beside this hotel, nobody will stay here if Marriott don't make some improvements. I was informed that the hotel will undergo major renovations at the end of the year so I might consider this hotel again when it is all done.	
Jun 11 2009 	Needs to be Updated	The Pros – Really good location. Walking distance to many restaurants. Staff is very friendly and helpful. Cleaning crew was very thorough. The Cons – Rooms were small. Décor needs to be updated. I prefer white comforters as most of the Marriott Residence Inns have in all of their standard rooms. That way, you know that the comforters are clean. Other than breakfast, there is no dining in the hotel restaurant.	
Jun 5 2009 	Extremely Disappointed	The moment I saw that you had to drag your suitcase up a few steps to get to the elevator I should have know this hotel didn't take into consideration the comfort of their guests. I think in the U.S. this would be a violation. Enough of that. I found the bed extremely hard. The heating/air conditioner unit was the old style jutting out from under the window. Noisy, could never get the right temperatur. Its the type you find in a seedy motel. Ugh. I also found the rooms to be quite small compared to the Courtyard I had just been in Quebec. Also, the midnight to morning clerk didn't understand English.Now that is just the hotel, which I chose so I can't blame them for this, but the location was terrible. All the action/activity/theater/resturants are closer toward the water. There is another Marriott closer to Notre Dame Basillica. Chose that one for location and you will be better off.	
Apr 26 2009 	Don't go there.	We stayed at the Mariott for business. They put a group of students on party in the room next to us. We haven't been able to sleep. Totally unacceptable from a four stars hotel. Even without that, the room was very noisy. Also the room was small and the staff didn't look very serious. For about the same price, it's much better to go to the Delta Hotel just behind the Mariott.	
Jan 13 2009 	Best Stay Ever	This Hotel was Excellent the moment i set foot in The lobby, The staff is very respectful , there is also a bell boy who takes your stuff up to your room and we got a perfect rate 99$ a night , the beds are the best and they even give you the choice of what pillow you want! The hotel is pretty small about 8 rooms per floor but thats actually good so there is less noise the only complain i have is that the bathroom was a bit too small and that the valet parking is 20 bucks a night , either than that this hotel is perfect!	
Jan 1 2009 	Mediocre room and ok location	Rooms were mediocre but fairly beaten up.There was a bug in the bathroom. Also my wife and son woke up with several mysterious itchy bed bug bites.The breakfast was not the best.The front desk staff was OK.The internet connection was intermittent.We were able to walk from the hotel to the metro and to the downtown area.I agree with the person who wrote an earlier review that said that the bulldozer would be the right next step for this property.This was not up to the high typical standards of Courtyard Marriott.	
Dec 28 2008 	Rude and Incompetent Staff	My boyfriend took me to Montreal for a nice getaway. When he booked the hotel, they told us that they were the closest Marriott Hotel near the gay village. They were not. Two other Marriott hotels were closer than this one.When we checked into the hotel, we specifically requested for a non smoking room. They told us that this was a non smoking hotel. However, when we entered our room, the rooms extremely musty. The previous tenants probably were smoking illegally in the room. We asked for a different room but were told that they were sold out. I have asthma, and I had a very difficult time sleeping that night. The following morning, I spoke with the manager on duty. He said that he would resolve the situation. When we came back to our room the following day, the room still had that musty tobacco smell, but this time, I could smell the cheap Lysol they sprayed in the air trying to cover the smoke, but it did not work whatsoever. I called downstairs to the front desk, and they told me that the manager took care of the situation. I told them to come up and smell the room for themselves. We took a nap, but no one ever came to investigate. When we went out later that evening, I told the front desk about the room. He said that he would get someone to look at it. When we came back, there was no difference.The following day we checked out. I saw the manager on duty, and I told him how disappointing our stay was. He said that he &quot;sprayed&quot; a cleanser in the air. I told him that it did not work. I also told him that someone was supposed to come and smell the room, but no one showed up. He said that they were too busy. I guess they were too busy for guests that were not satisfied with their room.This hotel has very poor services, and we will not stay here again. I am very dissatisfied with this hotel.	
Dec 9 2008 	Consistent Mediocrity	Marriott earns my business year-in and year-out; I have been a Platinum status guest for over a decade. In general, I view Marriott like McDonald's - they never serve &quot;the best&quot;, but, the product (in this case, lodging) is predictable.This property is amazing small (only 9 rooms/floor), and the staff is invisible - I never heard from or saw any staff members, after check-in, which is very unusual. This property recently stopped charging for internet access (welcome to the 21st century).Their room rate is rather competitive and the location is hard to beat (close to Schwartz's Deli, Old City, and Rue St. Denis).I view this property as a place to sleep, and not much more. Montreal is an awesome city, and, frankly, unless you're ill, there's not a good reason to spend much time in your room, irrespective of where you stay.As a romantic destination, it didn't score a lot of points with my wife, but, Montreal, itself, certainly did.	
Oct 9 2008	it was okay but would not stay there again	This was my 6th time to Montreal and my first and last time at this hotel. The lobby was pretty beat up. Rooms were dated. The bathtub would fill up with water when I had a show. And the hotel staff were pretty much invisible. When you have to take the elevator to your room, you have to lift your suitcase up a 4 stairs before you can make it to the elevator. The food in the restaurant was overpriced. The location is okay but there is a newer holiday inn right next door and a four points right across the street.	
Sep 25 2008 	Awesome City!	My partner &amp; I stayed at the Courtyard by Marriott hotel in Downtown Montreal in March. Overall the hotel was pretty nice and very convenient as far as location goes. The hotel itself was a couple of blocks away from the subway station. We did the Breakfast buffet one time and it was pretty good with a nice selection of food. Tons of good local restaurants there! We did not go hungry while there! The room itself was very nice, as it was two rooms and it reminded me of a boutique style hotel room. The view from the room was nice with a skyline view of the Downtown neighborhood. I wish I could rember the name of the Concierge, as I found him to be extremely helpful and very polite to us. This was our first time travelling to Montreal and we both enjoyed it. The architecture &amp; history is awesome as was Notre Dame. We did the evening light show at Notre Dame and that was nice.	
Sep 19 2008 	Enjoyable Stay.	I stayed here mid-September 2008 with my wife and 6-year-old son, for the combined reason of business meeting/vacation. I have to admit that I was very impressed by the very welcoming, friendly, and efficient staff. It was a little difficult to find because of construction downtown, my unfamiliarity with Montreal and problems with our GPS unit - even with directions from AAA in hand. But once found, it was clearly in the midst of things - a short 15-30 minute walk to the Palais des Congress, Old Montreal, and the Mont Royal Park. It was also a short 10 minute walk to the Metro. Parking (for ~$18 (canadian) daily) was available with unlimited in/out privileges but, honestly, it was much easier to get around Montreal without a car.The room was comfortable, clean and well-maintained. We had a nice view of the Mont Royal Park. There was a complimentary wireless internet connection. There was an indoor pool/fitness center available for my family to use and, although I was unable to use it, I was told that it was adequate. There was a lifeguard available and the pool was closed when the lifeguard was off duty 11 am - 4 pm, which greatly limited the use of the pool.Overall, a pleasant experience and a very good value in comparison to other hotels in Montreal (and other major cities).	
Sep 17 2008 	Good Hotel for Those on a Budget	This place isn't as bad as all those reviews make it sound. Sure, the bathroom &amp; room itself are small, but for a 3-star hotel, it can't be beat if you're on a budget.PROS:- Everything in the hotel is very clean. - Beds &amp; pillows are comfy- Shower water pressure was great.- Breakfast buffet was pretty good (a little overpriced at $13.95 CAD for what you get, however). - LOCATION - this place is within walking distance of everything, it was only about a 15-20 minute walk to the Latin Quarter (which you must check out if you're staying a few nights... Rue St. Denis, great restaurants &amp; bars) and a 15 minute walk to Old Montreal- Staff were very helpful and spoke very good English, check-in and check-out were a breeze- FREE WIRELESS INTERNET in all rooms! Also, coffee maker, desk, iron &amp; ironing board, nice little hairdryer... all you need- Reasonable prices &amp; selection for room serviceCONS:- Slightly small bathroom - Windows in the rooms did not open, and so it always smelled a bit musty- The light in our bathroom took forever (sometimes over a minute!) to come on, which was a bit of a pain in the middle of the nightAll in all, the hotel was ok, and I would definitely consider staying there again the next time I'm in Montreal. -	
Sep 13 2008 	OUTDATED Worst Bed In Montreal 	Bulldoze it and Build A New One ,	
Sep 2 2008 	Great location below average room.	Stayed at the Courtyard Marriott Downtown Montreal for Labor Day weekend. Room was below average. Here's the pros and cons:Pros: close to Metro, Chinatown, Latin Quarters, McGill College, Old Montreal, Catherine Street.Cons: No safe, no fridge, very small (13 inch) TV, shower knob is FLOOR LEVEL so you have to bend over in the shower to adjust water, coffeemaker in the bathroom! ([--]!), no mouthwash or toothpaste, no free parking, small rooms with low ceilings.	
Sep 1 2008 	Small rooms good location	The hotel is quite nicely located - near McGill University and Mont Royal. Old Montreal is a nice walk away. The room (especially the bathroom) was quite small and a bit old. The hotel only offers valet parking at about $20 a night.	
Aug 22 2008 	The definition of Average	I stayed here with a friend for 3 nights. It was clean and well-kept. The location was good, not great. There was nothing of note either good or bad. We were able to walk downhill to the train station. It wasn't that far and wasn't that close! We took a cab there from the airport so I don't know about the parking. If you are looking for a clean, reasonably-priced, no-frills place to stay downtown, I would recommend the Courtyard by Marriott	
Jul 18 2008 	Great Location Good Price	I stayed here for 5 nights, had a great time. The hotel was absolutely clean and nice, the rooms were big and clean as well. When i had booked the room i had requested for certain things like extra towels, pillows...etc...and to my surprise when i checked in my bed was full of pillows. Also i reached there way before the usual check in time but the staff was nice and didn't make a big deal. Location was great, the metro and buses are easily accessible, St. Catherine Street is just blocks away. Overall a great hotel just don't expect it to be one of the fancy kind. Definitely worth it if you don't want to spend too much on lodging.	
Jul 11 2008 	Nice hotel great location	We were lucky to get this hotel at the very last minute during Montreal Jazz Festival. We stayed for 5 nights at a pretty good value. The hotel is located down the street from McGill University and within walking distance of many great restaurants. Rooms were a little dated, but were clean and very comfortable. The hotel offers free wireless internet which is always a plus. The staff was courteous although we had very little interaction with them once we checked in. The only problem we encountered was that one of the two guest elevators was out of order for the first couple of days. After it was fixed, we didn't have to wait long to get an elevator. Overall, a good value.	
Jul 8 2008 	Great Good Location	This is my second stay in this hotel. This time we stayed for 3 nights. The king sized bed was very comfortable. We love the great and varied breakfast spread each morning. There were cookies at the frontdesk in the afternoon, which were yummy. On Sports night, there were also snacks in the breakfast area. All the staff we met were very friendly and helpful, from front desk to maintenance to cleaning etc. Would go back again. Thumbs up overall...	
Jun 11 2008 	Great location	Found an incredible deal through Quebec's tourism website and booked a 5 night stay at the Marriott. The site next door was under construction (new Holiday Inn?) but there wasn't too much noise. Got a free room upgrade to a suite when I checked in (nice surprise!) and really enjoyed having the extra sitting room and space. Nice gym on the top floor, and the room was clean and comfortable. The location is perfect, right on Sherbrooke, very close to McGill, about 10 min to the Musee des Beaux Arts and well within walking distance of Rue St. Laurent and Rue St. Catherine.	
May 31 2008 	Good Value	I stayed at the hotel on Memorial Day weekend for two nights. It's a standard Marriott hotel with the standard setup. We got a great deal by using the Sweetheart Deal (check their website). The best parts of the hotel: 1. good location - centrally located so you can walk everywhere, or take the nearby metro if you need to. 2. good value - check the website, we got the 2nd night at 50% off.The worst parts:1. There is construction going on on the buildings on both sides of the hotel. Wasn't really a big problem though. 2. Tiny bathrooms.	
May 30 2008	Marriot Courtyard - Montreal	The Montreal Marriot Courtyard has a excellent location in downtown Montreal. It is an older property and unlike the vast spaces that are expected, the hotel has a no frills - straight to business - attitude about it. The reception at the left and the miniscule lobby leads to the lift. The rooms are large and well lit.Wifi all over is a great asset for the business traveller. The beds are clean and comfortable. The management was prompt in sending up a fridge when requested. The coffee machine did not heat up the water.The price was a bit on the higher side. At $135 per night it was certainly high. Would have been fair if it included breakfast.Overall experience was average, but given the location, it was worth the price. Do look up the Tourisme Montreal site, they have additional discounts and interesting gifts.	
May 30 2008 	Great Location-Service Iffy	The property is in a great location on Sherbrooke and an easy walk downhill to the Bay and downtown shops and nightlife. The concern I have with the property is the iffy service. The check in process with the front desk is pretty painful. They don't really understand English very well, which makes for a communication barrier from the very beginning. The front desk agent I had (female) tried to make the check-in process so quick it seemed like a fast food counter. She really did not listen to my questions or my needs. When I later asked for directions to the airport, I got the same vibe. The feeling you get is that they do not wish to speak to their customers.If the property could fix its front desk accumen, it would be a much better property.	
May 23 2008 	Avoid!	1) When I checked in the clerk tired to give me a higher room rate. I had different rates for the 4 days but the clerk adamantly said my rate was the higher rate for all 4 days. Even on her check in card the rate written correctly displaying what I was saying. Even after explaining to her she did not agree to the rate and went in another room and spoke to somebody and came with the same higher rate for all 4 days and now she had scratched the lower rate from her card. Thankfully I remembered that I had printed my hotel receipt at home and packed it. I had to fish that receipt out of my luggage. Finally only after showing that I got the rate that I was entitled to on the first place.2)There is only Valet Parking at this hotel. On 8th May 2008 I went down to get breakfast (around 7:45 am), and saw my car parked in the lobby. I was concerned since I had not called my car; the Valet brings the car to the front entrance at the request of the client. When I spoke to the concierge they brushed me saying it must be a mistake. I am skeptical though and wondering whether my car was being used illegally without my permission.	
Apr 18 2008 	Outdated but great staff	This hotel is a little outdated. The wall paper and ceiling could use a fresh coat of paint. I visited a Novotel and really enjoyed the flat screen televisions on the wall. I think this was a good advantage compared to the televisions provided in the room. I found it to be too small even compared with Holiday Inns that I have stayed at. It is not that I stayed and watched television my entire stay but it was nice to have that option in the evenings before bed. The room felt cramped with the size of the furniture in the room.However, the staff at this hotel was absolutely wonderful and provided excellent tourist information. Kudos! For the price and location, this hotel was good.	
Mar 31 2008	Good location and price	For the summer, this was a good deal for the location. There's limited parking however so you have to pay them to valet it. There's a good size pool on the top floor with a good view, and it's walking distance to shopping and dining all around. The rooms felt like what we paid for, as far as decor and cleanliness- not really above average or anything.	
Jan 5 2008 	Great Hotel	We were on the 24th floor for 3 nights (Fri-Mon) in mid Sept 2007. Paid $104.50 (room rate) + $21.52 (Taxes &amp; service fees) = $126.06 CAD per night for 2 Queen beds plus complimentary continental breakfast. Room was clean, spacious. Bed was comfortable. Concierge (Simon) was very helpful. You get a voucher to give to the waiter when you go for the Continental breakfast. The voucher includes gratuity so you do not have to tip at breakfast. Continental breakfast included the pastries, muffins, make-your-own-waffle, scrambled eggs, bacon, hash brown, orange juice, coffee etc. Beware of taxi drivers gouging you (it only costs $35 flat rate to go from a downtown hotel to airport). The driver tried to overcharge us thinking we do not speak French. You do not need to know French in Montreal. Most people are bilingual, including hotel staff. Hilton Garden Inn is being built right next to the hotel &amp; is slated for completion next year. We stayed on a weekend so there was no construction noise going on. Ask for a room on a higher floor if you want to minimize construction noise during weekdays. The only complaint about this hotel is that the bathroom was too small. There is enough counter space, good water pressure, but the size of the washroom was tiny. When the door is opened it covered half of the bathtub. Otherwise, it is a great hotel. There is a computer in a small room in the lobby that has free internet access for guests.Traveler's Tip: Just around the corner is rue St. Catherine where you can hang out or shop. Nightlife in Montreal is incredible. There are countless coffee shops, one after another.Visit St. Joseph Cathedral. Admission is by donation. This grand cathedral is located on a hill. There's limited or almost no parking in Vieux Montreal (Old Montreal) so take a taxi. Biodome was fun. There's an animal zoo world for 4 seasons. Book a day trip to Quebec City by Grayline Tour (800-461-1223). It's a 3 hour drive from Montreal on a big Greyhound bus. The tour guide gives a history about the city &amp; then you have time to wander on your own. It was great.	
Nov 30 2007 	Location Location Location	We stayed here over Thanksgiving weekend and enjoyed our stay. The hotel is not plush...limited amenities but the rooms are comfortable and clean..no view to speak of! They have a bar/restaurant/pool and spa...all of which we were too busy enjoying Montreal to use!The Montreal tourism website advertised a Sweet Deal with a list of participating hotels..most of which told me they could not offer me the deal since it was limited...? Finally the Marriott Courtyard was able to accomodate me! The deal gave us a discounted rate for the first night and half price for every other night...and a bag of goodies on check in! Nice pkg for a nice stay.The Concierge was very helpful and the location is within a sshort walking distance of the Underground, McGill and restaurant row.	
Oct 27 2007 	Not my cup of tea	I booked this hotel after reading the reviews. I definitely don't agree with a lot of them. Our room was tiny and the bathroom was dirty and really small. The hotel needs major renovations. The staff were all very friendly and the location is great, but with the dollar being so weak this hotel should have been much cheaper. I would not go back or recommend it to any of my friends. For a few dollars more we could have stayed in a much nicer and cleaner hotel. Also the elevators were quite dangerous cause they closed so fast and barely gave you enough time to get on and off.	
Oct 12 2007 	Great location friendly staff	This was a nice place to spend a weekend in downtown Montreal. The weather wasn't the greatest when we were there, but the kids enjoyed to swimming pool on the top floor of the hotel. Nice views of the city from the 26th floor. The valet parking was efficient, as long as they got their 15 minute warning, the car was ready when you came down to the lobby. The staff were helpful and very courteous. The rooms were clean and quiet. The bath tub was starting to show it's age, but was clean. We didn't have problems with the construction next door as we were there on a weekend and no one was working.The location was great for site seeing, shopping and getting on the Metro to go wherever you wanted in the city.	
Sep 11 2007 	Good price	We recently stayed at the Courtyard Marriott for a weekend. There was a half price deal with hotels.com which made it worthwhile. Rooms very clean and reasonably large. Friendly and helpful staff. Full buffet breakfast was very nice and had a good selection of hot and cold items. Walking distance to old montreal as well as downtown shopping. I would def stay there again with the same deal...not entirely sure if I woul have been as happy had we paid full price for the room! In room movies cost about $13 plus tax. They offer in room free wireless but the coverage was pretty poor - we only got 1 bar out of 5. Eventually managed to connect but took a while.	
Sep 4 2007 	Watch out for constructions	Last week I stayed at the hotel for a week on business. Located conveniently to local shopping district within walking distance (Saint Catherine ST) Supermarket within one block distance. Close by college McGrill. Safe area with just some harmless homeless guys on streets. Staff is friendly all around from the maid to the valet parking attendant to the reception guys. Allow 10 min for valet parking to bring your car. Room was clean on the suite. Avoid the restaurant, food is not expensive but not so great neither, definitely not up to the Marriott standards. You can get better quality food outside at about the same price. One thing that was unavoidable is the construction of the new hotel right next door. If you are a light sleeper avoid at all cost. Hammering and banging from Monday to Friday 7:30 am to 4:00 pm.	
Aug 29 2007 	Loved the location.	This hotel is clean, the rooms large and it is in a good location. You can walk one block to the train station. We bought a three day pass for the train and it was well worth it. The hotel people are very helpful for directions. You will pay $17.00 + tax. REMEMBER: The taxes here are very high and the dollar rate is almost even. I think we paid close to $30.00 in taxes for our hotel per day.	
Aug 25 2007 	Great Location great service highly recommended	We had a great stay for the night, there is nothing bad to say about this hotel.Location is fantastic close to the old Quebec town and walking distance of pretty mcuh everything.The personnel was delightful, the room to perfection.My 65 year old dad did not even hear the thunder at night, was he was sleeping so well.Very nice and authentic. I recommend !!	
Aug 24 2007 	Nice Hotel. Will return	We stayed at this hotel for three nights. There was a special rate of $99/night, so the pricing was fabulous. The room itself was nice. There were two double beds, a night stand, business desk, dresser drawers and color TV. The beds were very comfortable and clean. White duvets are used as the linen and they were very comfortable. The business desk had ample space for a laptop and its own chair. The color TV was not that big (maybe 20 in.) and had English and French cable channels. The carpet was fine, too. However, the bathroom could have used a little touching up. It wasn't dirty, but showing its age, e.g., a noticeable chip on the mirror.As for the hotel itself, it is centrally located in downtown Montreal. You can walk to Rue St. Catherine's, the Old Port and Chinatown. There are a few metro stops, including the large McGill one, nearby, too. We used the valet parking ($17/day) and walked or took the metro everywhere. The staff were all accommodating and bilingual. The lobby is not huge, but it is well-maintained. The business center only has one computer and it was usually occupied. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay here again. HOWEVER, there is major construction going on right next door to the hotel. The workers start early and finish late. Therefore, if you are a light sleeper, ask for a room facing Sherbrooke. But, you still may be able to hear the work being done. The noise didn't really bother us, but you will definitely be aware of the work going on.	
Aug 15 2007 	Great Experience	I read some reviews that said this hotel was tired, but when I arrived I was pleasantly surprised to find it immaculate and looking very fresh. I spent 7 nights in this hotel and have absolutely no complaints. The beds were comfortable, the rooms big enough, and everything was spotless! We did have trouble getting through to room service one night, but other than that, everything was perfect. I would recommend this hotel highly.	
Aug 11 2007 	Rooms outdated	Was disappointed with the room. The room was dated, with poor air quality.The front desk, front-end help were very helpful.This hotel is conviently located and within walking distance to many of the attractions etc.I most likely with try another hotel before returning here.	
Aug 10 2007 	Loved the Marriott	Just returned from Montreal and a 2 night stay at this hotel. Location was excellent, close to shopping and restaurants, rooms clean and the staff was courteous, helpful and very friendly. Had dinner and breakfast at the hotel restaurant - both meals were delicious. Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 27 2007	Must have had a bad room!	Due to the mainly positive reviews the Courtyard has received as well as my general satisfaction with the Marriot brand I am willing to entertain the possibility that I just got a bad room. Room seemed old and dated. Not dirty, but not that fresh and clean feel. Not old as in stately and victorian, but old as in the Three's Company apartment. Decent location, one block from the subway, but just not warm, comfortable and welcoming like so many other Courtyard's. If I return to Montreal I will book a room elsewhere.	
Jul 18 2007 	Good hotel for business and pleasure	Stayed here for work meeting. Staff was friendly and accommodating. Nice large space for meetings. Lunches were good too - each day we had three options to choose from plus salad bar. Location is perfect - lots to do in the area. Only blocks away from St. Laurent and St. Catherine Streets. Sleeping rooms were clean.	
Jul 9 2007 	Outstanding	Excellent hotel in perfect location. The room was clean, comfortable, and quiet. Staff members were courteous and pleasant without exception. No complaints at all. I'd stay there again.	
Jul 2 2007	The Friendly people and the clean streets of Montreal	Hi,Me and my family just came from having a wonderful time in Montreal. We visited the oldest catholic church. The art gallory row. The Biosphere, Botantical Gardens, Observatory Tower, the beach (although man made was nice). The Fine Arts musem was awesome. We went to the jazz festival and was just blown away by the different types of music and dance.We stayed at the Courtyard Marriott and was a little apprehensive after reading the reviews online, but the hotel and staff was simply marvelous. Rene gave us suggestions on what to visit and direct directions on how to get there. He came by everyday to see how we had enjoyed where went and then would make suggestions for more places. All his suggestions were dead on the spot. I have not had such great customer service in a long time. The Courtyard staff are to be commend. The resturant food was excellent. We even enjoyed the swimming pool where our children placed Marco Polo. The rooms were clearn and roomy enough for the 4 of us. So I have no complaints about this hotel or its service. I would highly recommend this hotel to all.We went to eggspectations and the food was delicous and homemade. The service again was awesome.The people in Canadian were so very friendly. If you looked like you were lost someone would come over to help you.If you ever visit Montreal. Look up Rene at the Courtyard Marriot, you can not beat his customer service anywhere!	
Jun 5 2007 	Just unlucky I guess . . .	Everyone else seems to have had no problems here, but my stay was a bit difficult. I arrived well after midnight, and had expected, from prior experience at Courtyard by Marriott properties, to be able to grab a soda and some chips or crackers from the lobby store. When I finished check-in and mentioned to the desk clerk that I was going to get a snack, he informed me that the store was closed, without offering any alternative suggestions or even an apology. Upon arriving in my room, the first thing that greeted me was a letter on the desk from the general manager apologizing for the noise and inconvenience from the construction site next door, explaining that the hotel had no control over this. Upon entering the bathroom, I discovered that it was so small that the counter extended over the toilet, so that the only way to sit on it was with my elbow on the counter and my leg under it, with the edge of the counter in my ribs. The next morning, I spent several minutes attempting to adjust the temperature in the shower. I finally got in anyway, and discovered that the temperature continued to vary randomly by 60-80 degrees throughout, even when I didn't touch the controls.I didn't actually have a problem with noise from the construction, but I did return to my room at the end of the work day the first day to find that housekeeping had missed making up my room.The problem with the shower continued throughout my stay, but otherwise things settled down after that. The room itself was acceptable -- about what I'd expected. Room service food from the Italian restaurant downstairs was at least average.I probably wouldn't stay here again unless it were the only available option at a reasonable price -- I've been in several other hotels in downtown Montreal that were better at comparable or lower prices.	
May 9 2007 	Clean Rooms - Excellent Service	Sure, it may look dated from the outside, but inside this hotel has done a good job of keeping up with the times. I don't know what some people expect when they visit a hotel that isn't billed as &quot;luxury accomodations&quot;, but this is as good as it gets when you're traveling on a budget and are simply looking for a good quality hotel.I'll break this down like I do with most of my reviews.PARKING:Valet parking was about $16/day. We had no problems retrieving our vehicles upon request by simply giving the front desk a 10-15 minute lead time.ROOM:On this occassion I was traveling with several friends and we rented more than one room. All the rooms were spacious, well-kept, clean, stocked, and nicely furnished.BEDS:The beds were clean and comfortable, even with my often-temperamental back. The sheets were of better quality than your average hotel and there were plenty of pillows.NOISE:Nothing unusual. Even as a light sleeper i was fine at this hotel.FRONT DESK:With the medium size group we were traveling with we often had to communicate with the front desk. The staff was always very friendly, helpful and accomodating. From calling cabs, giving directions and recommendations, to assisting us with our luggage and providing us with umbrellas on a particularly rainy morning, these guys always came through for us.It should also be noted here that there was NO issue at all with the fact that we were english-speaking Americans in a french-speaking Canadian hotel.LOCATION:The hotel was easy to find, right up the street from McGill University in the middle of downtown, walking distance to everything. We rarely had resort to using our vehicles to travel.RESTAURANT:It looked nice but we never ate there, so I can't comment.STORE:The hotel store is nothing more than a few shelves of goods near the front desk. However, there were several small shops, bodegas and mini-marts nearby.GYM:Never saw it, so I can't comment.POOL:Never saw it, so I can't comment.INTERNET:Hi speed wireless internet was provided free of charge. We had no problems accessing or using it.	
Apr 30 2007 	Met Expectations	Stayed Saturday night at the Courtyard Marriott in Downtown Montreal. For my short stay, it met all of my expectations. Pleasant staff, nice size room especially for a large city, safe, clean, and in a central location. A little dated but not bad and the 9 rooms that they advertise per floor does give it that boutique feel. I definitely wouldn't hesitate to stay here again when returning to Montreal. At night they have someone at the front checking for everyone's room key before letting them go further. My only complaint is that they advertise free wireless in the room but I was unable to connect. When I called about it they advised me that the room only has wired access. They did offer to bring me a cable and also suggested the business center if I needed to go online. Although I would have liked to use my PDA to check emails in the room I like that they didn't stop at just saying no....and suggested alternatives. The subway is a few blocks away and an easy walk. From there, Rue Crescent is only two stops down. Ran out of time and only got to drive through Old Montreal and take some pictures so really can't comment on how easy it is to reach via walking or subway.	
Jan 2 2007 	Excellent service normal rooms	My friends and I stayed here for New Year's 2007. It is surrounded by other major hotel chains (Holiday Inn, Four Points, Quality Hotel, etc). The restaurant is expensive and worse than the independent places outside or the Holiday Inn bar. The pool is standard hotel size with a rather small jacuzzi. That and the fitness center are located on the top floor giving you a great view of the city. It is unfortunate that they did not have a steam room to complete the amenities. You are 2 blocks from the Metro, a 5-minute walk to the malls and about a 20-minute brisk walk to Crescent (or an $8 cab ride); the same for other historical sites. Even though Montreal was experiencing a warm period during our stay, it was still too cold to walk there and tiring - especially after exploring around for a few hours during the day. This is an inconvenience. But the hotel is right near McGill and the park - which can be a very relaxing walk when it's daylight out. The service at the hotel would probably be the best part. Everyone is courteous and prompt. There were no problems with the bill, and anythign we asked to be sent up (cups, towels, bottle openers) were done so within 5 minutes of our request. The concierge was extremely helpful in making New Year's reservations and storing our bags. Our request for an early check-in was honored at noon versus their regular time of 3pm.The rooms are clean and normal-size, as are the bathrooms. The TV can use some updating and the programming is limited (not that it should matter). There was no safe in our room but we left our passports, cameras and iPods when we went out and everything was in place when we got back. Bottom line: I would recommend this hotel.	
Dec 15 2006 	Great hotel	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in November. It was more pleasant than expected. The room was clean, location was great, and the swimming pool/jacuzzi on the top floor with a city view were a nice touch. The only problem was with parking since it does take valet about 10-15 minutes to bring the car up. But all we needed to do was call in ahead of time. Staff was very friendly. We would stay in this hotel again.	
Nov 1 2006	Better Than Springhill Suites	I had a not-great stay at Springhill Suites and bolted for this Courtyard. Good move. Much nicer and better-run. Very efficient and friendly staff, good services, good price, and the location's just off of the charming old montreal area, there's LOTS right here (chinatown within walking distance, and St-Laurent just a bit further). Even better if you have car...you can easily get anywhere from here.Big big pool (laps!) and clean jacuzzi on top floor with stupendous views. Good workout room. Friendly bartender. And I was upgraded to an extremely nice suite (far larger/nicer than even the larger suites at Springhill Suites).The big problem is parking. The valet must have to go miles to park your car...it consistently took 10 mins to recoup vehicle. Learn to call down to valet in advance from your room.	
Oct 24 2006 	Just another hotel	I agree with other reviewers who found that this hotel is decent but in need of renovation. I got a reasonable rate for one night on the Marriott website and it was more reasonable than other hotels nearby, which is why I stayed there. The location is excellent as it is near Rue St. Catherine, metro stops and the&quot;ville interieure&quot;. It is hardly luxurious (the bathroom was so small that when I leaned over to dry off from the shower I hit my head on the door!) but all things considered it is acceptable in most respects. You get what you pay for, so if price is in issueI do recommend it.	
Oct 7 2006 	not luxury but nice	we stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and it was 8 of us traveling. the rate for their suite was great so we booked 4 suits because we did not want to share rooms. they had only 1 suite per floor so we were in different floors which was not a problem. the staff were friendly and their duty manager karimi was a gentleman. the suite were really big and each had separate bedroom. the bathroom was nice and the livingroom was big too. the location of the hotel is wonderful and within walking distance to everywhere. I'vebeen to Montreal again and I think for the price this hotel is good. it is not a luxury property but clean and central location with nice staff. if you are looking for a better taste and a modern hotel you should try Loews Hotel Vogue which is wonderful with great location. Also you can't go wrong by staying at Ritz Carlton.	
Oct 5 2006 	A Great Hotel!	My wife and I have stayed numerous times at this hotel. It's not as luxurious as the Omni, but the rooms are large, clean, and the service is excellent. I would definetly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 4 2006 	Will definitely go back!	We just came back from a 6-night stay and loved it! As a family of four with two younger children (ages 7 and 11), we booked the King mini suite (to allow the grown ups some privacy), which has a separate king-size bedroom and an additional sofa in the living area. This is a relatively small hotel, which we loved as it feels more personal and intimate without taking away from the quality of the services. The rooms were spacious and very clean. Location is GREAT - walking distance to everything. Service was absolutely great - very nice, helpful staff, eager to help. We often used their pool, which is average size (for a hotel in a city) and very clean. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel (so many great breakfast places around). We stay at quite a few hotels as a family and are quite picky about what we want for service and quality, and this was absolutely a success. We also met quite a few families and couples at the hotel that have been returning guests and told us the same things. We are definitely going back!	
Jul 5 2006 	We enjoyed this Marriot	We just returned from a four night stay at this hotel and really enjoyed it. True, this is not top-of-the-line for Marriot, so there is no chocolate on your pillow. We had a room on the 24th floor with a view of downtown Montreal. The best part of the room was the beds. They had high thread count linens, a comfy duvet and five pillows on each bed. We slept well. There also was a comfortable chair with ottoman--perfect for reading the morning paper. There was a nearby floor lamp with a place to park your coffee cup. The ice machine was just outside our door, but we never heard it run unless someone was getting ice, so the noise lasted just a few seconds. The reception area was warm and inviting with marble floors and dark wood paneling. This area was decorated with large photographs of Montreal taken in the 19th century. The staff was warm and friendly. On the 26th floor was an exercise room with five or six pieces of equipment. Next to it was a guest laundry with a newer washer and dryer. We used the swimming pool and the hot tub, also on the 26th floor. That room had great views of Montreal and Mont Royal Park. The subway was around the corner and down the block. We enjoyed our stay.	
Jun 3 2006 	Good hotel fair enough location	The hotel is a good enough hotel if you can get it at a reasonable price. I got the breakfast included package at a good price!The good points :1. Huge rooms (bigger than most I have been in, and I travel a lot!)2. Free internet that works well.3. Nice breakfast4. Location that is about 4 to 5 minutes walking to the main shopping and happening street Rue Peel.The okay or may need improvement points:1. Staff is rarely smiling2. The rom service happens very late in the day at around 1 pm or so!So all in all, if you need a real big room in a location that is just about okay and walkable to most places, this aint a bad choice	
Oct 18 2005	Disappointig hotel		
May 31 2005	If the Price is Right...Go For It		
May 30 2005	Great Hotel - Great Location		
May 7 2005	disappointing for a Marriott		
Oct 24 2004	great staff great location		
Aug 24 2004	GOOD LOCATION		
Jan 11 2004	Very Nice Hotel!		
Oct 27 2003	Just fine.		
Oct 18 2003	Marriott Courtyard does the job well		
Aug 17 2003	Poor Poor Excuse for a Hotel		
Oct 3 2009 	????????		
Sep 1 2009 	Rapport qualite prix lamentable		
Sep 20 2008	Stadthotel		
Aug 30 2008 	bien situé		
Mar 11 2008 	Bien situé mais un peut bruilant		
