Jul 29 2009 	Francoise Allaire Goalies Hotel of Choice	Yes its close and its really the nicest amenities for a hotel so close to the rink. We have been going to the hockey camp for about seven years now and always come the first week of the camp. Every year we see the same families of goalies staying at the hotel Le Rivage and as goalies sign onto minor leagues, you just seem to stay in touch with them. The hotel becomes a gathering place after ice. When you get here its like a big family which is great once you get toknow people year after year, some days you sleep late cause another family will take your goalie with them early in the morning, some days you bring their kids back from the rink with you back to he hotel after ice. The Ialian restaurant across the street, Pizzadelic is awesome and we make sure we go at least once every year. The breakfast at the hotel is decent, an assortment of fresh baked muffins, although unmarked, not a problem unless you are allergic to chocolate like I am, cereal, bagels, raisin bread, cofee, tea, milk and orange juice.The rooms are decorated with quality furnishings, some rooms are more expensive and upscale and offer some strange amenities like a jacuzzi/shower with an exposed view behind a big glass wall. You can flip the wooden blinds on the outside of the glas from the inside of the room to accomodate your fancy of chosing at the moment whatever it may be I guess.Other fancy rooms have a bath tub out on the floor in the middle of the room and some even have a toilet placed in the middle of the room, I dont know if I would want to ave time of it on te toilet if you know what I mean, while someone is laying in the bed watching or worse be th one laying in the bed smeling the person on the toilet! What ever happened to Feng Shui?Since I have been here for seven consecutive years, really it is the most convenient but the place sort of lacks in common sense in many ways. We decided this year to avoid having the maids clean the room since the do not disturb sign goes un noticed. I had my do not disturb sign up and the maid decided to lay her tablet and walkie talkie on the table outside my door. When the front desk was loking for her down the hall, she let the walking talkie ring with volume so loud that I thought I was waking to a fire alarm. When I opened the door to see what it was I answered it and asked that they tell her not to leave a lujd wakie talkie next to a room that has a do not disturb sign hangin on the door, which just so happened to be across from the door that said &quot;please respect the silence of the other guests&quot; they said they would take care of it. An hour after I drifted off again, I started to hear a loud conversation between two maids, both at opposite ends of the hall and one of them being just outside my door. I got up out of bed to have a word with the maid but by the time I got to the door she vanished, I got back to bed only to hear that walkie talkie blasting again! I had to call the desk and tell them I had just drove for two days and needed my sleep. Late that evening I had a friend call the hotel and ask for my rom number and the desk person told them, &quot;could you hold on for just one moment please, I'll be right with you&quot; In French! He does not speak French so he heard dead silence and thought he was hung up on so he called back and the same thing occured until my friend sent me an email and thought the desk person kept hanging up on him. I had to cal te desk and let them know he did not speak French. I mean really, if we were local we wouldnt need a hotel, we are tourists and we dont speak French.One day the maid decided to wipe down the alarm clock and turned it on, apparently it was preset at 5:30 for someone. As luck would have it, it just happened to be the day AFTER the camp was over when we decided to stay an extra day and sleep late one day before we left town. All week long we were getting up at 6am for the camp so we actually ot up earlier by paying for an extra day. When I talked with management they offered nothing.A few times our reservation was missing, a few times they tried to give us a smoking room when we requested a non smoking room but made up for it with a nicer room and a cheaper than usual rate but more than what we booked for. The parking lot is hard to get in and out of, they finally got internet in the rooms, it used to be only in the lobby but they block so many web sites that some goalies reported hat they couldnt even play some of their games on sites they frequent. Many of the electrical socktes in the lobby and in the hotel rooms dont work, others have access that is covered with large heavy furniture. The laundry room is stacked p and practically has a line for under gear to be washed; best remedy is to was it and lt it dry from the hot summer night in the rental car windows cracked over night and they dry fine by morning or if you make friends with someone staying in the dorm across he lot from the rink, they are cheaper and much larger units. Sure there are glitches but the convenience is worth it to deal with it all that isnt.	
Jun 10 2008	Cute Place	Just got back from Canada. Drove up for a bachlorette. Some people stayed at family house, my sister and i stayed in this hotel since it was about 5-10 minutes from the house. check in was easy, the hotel is small, 2 floors. The room was very dark, when i opened my blinds for some light, it was a view of the parking lot. There is a pool, looked cute, didnt go in since i went back to family house 4 their pool. there was a &quot;continental breakfast&quot; bagles, toast, muffins, juice and coffee. but it was convienent and good. located on a main road so thats cool if you are driving.Power went out when i was blowdrying my hair..but quickly came back on when i called 2 the front desk	
May 12 2008	Unique!!	This hotel is the perfect hotel for a &quot;romantic&quot; evening. I have been there several times. It is a very unique concept. Book a theme room, you will enjoy garantee. Bring a lunch in the room, you will not want to leave.	
Aug 2 2007 	Been here many times and planning to go again	I have been to this Hotel 4 times in my life and had 5 of my friends go and loved every minute of it. We have rented a regular room, a Jr Suite, a Le Rivage Suite, the House, and the Diablo. I rented the house for my entire family could be together when they came up and visited and it fit 10 people nicely with a huge dining room and kitchen. There was plenty of space for everyone to hang out.The diablo was probably the nicest suite I have ever stayed at before, 2 floors with the bedroom on the second floor and everything was better than it shows in the pictures. The only way to do it justice is to be in there.I am excited about going to the Paramount soon. I am sure the experience will be great as always. If you want to do something better for you partner or just need a place to stay outside of Montreal, this is perfect for everyone.	
Jul 30 2006	Perfect!	I just came back from a trip to Hemmingford (parc safari). Since we live in Quebec city we decided to sleep somewhere close to montreal for 1 night. I've searched for and hotel for more than 2 months and found the best place to stay near montreal, in Rosemere (15 minutes by car). Hotel Le rivage is the nicest place where I have stayied in my entire life. Every suites are different, decorated with taste and amazing. We rented two rooms, a rivage suite called L'indigo. It was a wonderful blue suite with a big whirpool bath next to the bed seperated by a window. There are a lot of mirors everywhere in the room and on the ceilling. There are two windows next to the bed, one that is facing the whirlpool bath and the other one facing the shower that has 5 jets. The sound for the tv comes from speakers on the ceilling. This room was very nice and the bed was comfy. They also give a continental breakfast served between 5 am and 11 amThe other room that we rent was for my parents, since there were no more suites available we chose a room with a balcony.At our best suprise the balcony was facing the pool! The view was very nice and they could also see the river that is right next to the hotel.If you don't have a view, you can sit next to the river anyway. The view is amazing.The hotel's lobby is very chic and recent. everything is clean and the staff is very nice. Check there website and chose the room that fits you best. They also have a small house that you can rent and suites that are not attached to the hotel. I would have rent the paramount room if I had a bigger budget.This place is a must see, perfect in any ways!Do not miss it.	
Feb 12 2009	débile!!		
