Nov 2 2009 	this is a good hotel	I have stayed at this hotel for 3 times and had no problems. i travel to Montreal by train/bus and it is close to both sttion.The staff is very helpful.The hotel is old and decor is old but when you pay peanuts for a good location why do you compalin.I never saw bed bugs or experienced bad service from the staff.I would say you get a suite, most people never experience a suite hotel for the price lower your standards this aint the top of the line hotel have fun	
Oct 29 2009 	Disgusting hotel coupled with horrible service.	First, when we arrived the desk clerk was fast asleep in the office. Granted, it was around midnight, but it's still not the type of behaviour one expects from hotel staff. We had to ring the bell several times in order to wake him. Secondly, our reservation which had been booked through Orbitz was not in their system. After over 10 minutes of talking about it, I finally convinced him to phone Orbitz. He would not ask the appropriate questions to the Orbitz representative. He was trying to convince me to pay him directly even though I had already prepaid Orbitz. After growing frustrated with him, I phone Orbitz on my cell phone and was able to resolve the issue and the representative faxed him the appropriate documents. This process took nearly an hour.In the interest of keeping this short, the room was horrible with cigarette burns on the carpet and stains in various places, including the furniture. Avoid this place like the plague.	
Oct 5 2009 	Disgustingly unsanitary a health hazard with misleading website! Stay Away!	I have been travelling over twenty years for business and I have never been compelled nor had any issues with a hotel serious enough to write a review until now. I truly regret relying on this hotel’s website pictures, (which make their rooms look like a decent place to stay at a good rate), and for not taking the time to find out more before I booked it for a business trip. However I have done this many times in the past without any issues, but my luck more than ran out with this one and it turned out to be a very big mistake! I can now see we weren’t the only guests who were in utter shock at the condition of the room we were given! To begin, we booked on-line for a 3 night stay using the hotel’s website where we requested a queen size bed because the booking process did not make it clear what we were getting. A confirmation email was sent to me confirming a queen size bed was in fact what we would get. Our nightmare begins while checking in we were told that parking is $18.75 per day (no surprise at cost), however parking is off site and a very inconvenient 4 minute walk down the street around the corner in an outside parking lot, as others guests have mentioned, but I should add it is also unsupervised at night. Big rip-off because the cost for “onsite underground&quot; parking at most hotels is usually $20. The clerk then took a $350 authorization on my credit card (hotel procedure she claims) so not a big deal at this point, however you will find out the real reason as you read further on! We then went up to our room and opened the door to what looked like a room you would see in the slums of any North American city. Certainly not a “Hotel” in Canada and I’m not exaggerating here! The room had an awful musty, but peculiar odour which we would later figure out. The carpet looked like it was not vacumed and had stains through-out; the bathroom had cracks in the ceiling and walls, and black mold on the tub &amp; tile sealer that was just smeared on thick and erratically and a tub that was stained yellow because it looked like it had not been properly cleaned for years! On to the bedroom surprise!!...The walls were awfully marked-up and looked like they had not been painted for years, more black mold on the window sills, and what was supposed to be a queen size bed turned out to be a double bed that was extremely hard, and the “peculiar” odour was noticeably more intense in here. I called the front desk and complained, however she did not offer any help whatsoever. At this point we went downstairs and told the clerk we would be leaving the hotel based on the unsanitary condition of our room and their misleading website. However we were told if we left we would still be charged for the night, but could leave in the morning. We asked to speak to a manager, but were told she was not available at the time. Now we know why the $350 authorization on my credit card. If we had left they already had the credit card authorization and therefore had the ability to charge us for our entire 3 night stay, so we were then forced to stay the night. This turned out to be a bad decision because in the middle of the night my wife had an asthma attack triggered from the “peculiar” odour and both of us developed severe headaches. This may sound odd, but something clicked and it only then dawned on us that what we smell was “pesticide”! In the morning we packed up and went down stairs to check out. We complained to who was now the new clerk and while we were complaining we had an opportunity to speak to the manager as she walked out. The manager confirmed “the smell was in fact from pesticide but the room was sprayed 3 weeks ago and that is usually enough time for the smell to go away.” She believed our complaints and asked us to wait while she went to up our room to take a look. When she came back down she agreed the room was terrible and gave us a 30% discount and a free night stay at a future date. However, I would NOT stay in this hotel ever again even if it’s free! I would not have known why the pesticide was sprayed if not for the pictures of the guest showing the actual bed bugs and the bites from them!!! I urge other travelers to stay away from this hotel! The rooms are filthy and unsanitary and if the black mold and bed bugs isn’t enough to make you sick, the pesticide they use to kill them sure will! I would also like to mention that there are many many other hotels that are in the same convenient proximity to downtown Montreal and it’s certainly worth paying a little extra at a reputable hotel or even a lesser known hotel, but one which has better reviews. This dump is NOT worth the money and is a health risk which should not be used as a hotel for travelers to this great city. As a business professional who has been travelling for over 20 years, in my humble opinion, I can honestly say it is unjust to rate this hotel with even one star.	
Sep 25 2009 	There are better options	My wife and I had stayed at this hotel about 5 years ago on at least two occasions. Both times were pleasure trips, and besides having somewhat old furnishings, the hotel suited us fine.Now in September of 2009, things have changed, and not for the better. I read through about 35 reviews to see if my experience was consistent with the majority of the other guests, and I can say that, unfortunately, yes it was.So lets start with the booking process. There is a web site, but it seemed too amateur, e.g. missing pages in English to enter credit card details. So I booked over the phone, which went well. I booked for five nights - Sunday to Friday - as part of my business trip. The location is perfect when arriving on the train as it is literally only a 5 minute walk - even with luggage in tow.Upon arrival, the check-in process was un-eventful. I remember the elevators being old and sketchy from my earlier visits and that had not changed. Since I took the train, I did not require parking, but if I did, it would have been two blocks away at $18,63 as other reviewers had indicated. Apparently the garage is closed for repairs. The pool and sauna were both closed. The exercise room had three old pieces of equipment and no treadmill (standard issue for any hotel promoting their fitness centre). High speed Internet was free and worked quite well.I was located on the 10th floor in a &quot;studio&quot; suite. The room was facing the back of the hotel, so I had a decent view of the new Congress Centre, the River and of course the Honda dealership. But it was quiet - at least on the outside.My kitchen had the new faux-maple cabinets, new countertop, new sink and new ceramic floor tiles. Quite nice actually. The stove was from the 70's, but it, including the oven worked fine. The fridge was also from the 70's. It worked, but was very noisy. It would run for 5 minutes then turn off for 6 minutes and then run for 5 minutes, over and over. It was very loud, so if you were a light sleeper, you would want to unplug it at night. The new sink did not have a stopper, but I did manage to get one after asking three times. There were two knives, two forks, two spoons, two plates, two bowls, two drinking glasses, two wine glasses, two coffee cups, a cork screw, a can opener and one steak knife. There was one large and small pot, one frying pan, a collander, a toaster (it worked), a kettle (it worked) and a two-cup coffee maker (it seemed to be broken) and a newish microwave (worked fine). There were no cooking pans.e.g. pizza sheet for the oven, so I improvised and used the large pot (I removed the handle first of course). There were no cooking utensils, save for a large spoon (for can soup I presume), no mixing bowls, nothing like that. There was one wash cloth, one drying cloth, one scouring pad, dish soap and a dish rack and tray. This was a kitchen for re-heating food, not creating culinary masterpieces. As is my standard practice at hotels, I was sure to put my trash in the trash receptacle in the lobby each night to avoid attracting bugs.The bathroom was ok. The shower was ok and I did not experience any of the hot/cold fluxuations that others did. The toilet paper holder was busted off when I arrived, but was fixed on the first day when I reported it. The bathroom was fairly clean, but I did find a few long black hairs - I can deal with that as they were probably from the cleaner. Fortunately, there were none of the short curly variety. The linens were fine, but at least one towel and the floor mat had holes. The floor tiles were nice and seemed new. The fan worked fine, but was very loud - typical of almost all hotels these days.The living area/bedroom were the part of the suite that made the experience so regrettable. The dark blue carpet was HEAVILY stained. There were many large brown stains (like coffee), white stains, dirt stains from shoes/boots, black marks from who-knows-what - all kinds of stains. The windows were dirty. The window sills were dirty. There were spider webs on the outside and one night I encountered a huge spider (on the outside). As there were no screens, I quickly closed the window so it did not come in. Why were the windows open? Well it was mid-September, so the weather was still fairly warm. The A/C was not very effective and also very loud (and right next to the bed, so once again, not great for light sleepers). If it was set to 20 it would run forever with moderately cool air. If it was set to 25 to turn off the cool air (there was no on/off), it would start circulating warm air. You could not win - either hot air or cold air - no happy medium. So I had the windows open to cool the room off, plus bring in some fresh air. Hotels here are non-smoking now, but the air was still kind of stale from all those years of having smokers. One of the blinds was partially broken, but with a document clip that I always travel with, I was able to keep it shut to keep the light out. (I reported it, but it was not fixed.) The table and two chairs were fine, in the context of the room. There was one occasional chair that seemed ok, and a dresser and mirror. I too noticed that a lot of the electrical receptacles were so old that the plug was loose and would sometimes fall out. I did my ironing. The iron was basic, but worked pretty well. The ironing board was average. The TV was a vintage 20&quot; tube (CRT) and was located on a coffee table at the foot of the bed. The TV remote control was new and worked fine.Next, on to the bed and linens. The bed (mattress and box spring) was of average quality and seemed new. I checked for bugs upon arrival as I felt that, based on the conditiona of the carpet, it was a possibility that there would be bugs (I had not read the reviews in advance). However, thankfully, I did not see evidence of any bugs during my stay. The quality of the sheets and pillows was poor. They sheets were worn thin and the pillows were small, old and lumpy. The bed had one of those 70's bedspreads as others have stated. It seemed typical for a place like this. There were no stains.Finally, there was the checkout. I checked out early Friday morning and the attendant was cheerfull and efficient.The hotel is in a great location - close to the financial district, close to the Metro stations, close to the Train station, close to shopping and nightlife - but sadly the experience was so unenjoyable, I would recommend, as have others, to spend the extra money and stay elsewhere.	
Sep 10 2009	Unpretentious excellent value for the money	I initially hesitated to book this hotel based on some bad reviews I read. But then I noticed most of the negative reviews from from 2008 and most complained about bed bugs. However seeing responses from the hotel management allayed my fears enough to give this place a try--and I came away pleasantly surprised! The room was spacious, unpretentious, and very clean (except maybe the carpet). The location is ultra convenient--right in the middle of downtown and within walking distance of McGill University where I was delivering my daughter. The small but tidy kitchen was a nice touch, as was the bistro-like seating for two in the eating area. The two minor issues I encountered (burned out light bulb and missing bath towels) were corrected on the spot by the front desk. And the price! I was saying to my wife that I haven't paid this little ($79) for a hotel room since staying at the Penny Sleeper Inn 21 years ago at Disneyland! So what are the negatives? Well, there are many signs that you are indeed staying in a budget hotel: there was no coffee or tea bags in the room, despite the presence of a coffee machine. The TV looked like it was from the '80s--an old 24&quot; tube model with maybe a dozen channels--all of them fuzzy. The windows bore obvious signs of condensation damage. The air conditioner was loud (but effective during the heat wave). And the aforementioned carpet--I was hesitant to take off my shoes even. But like I tell people--what do you expect for a sub $100 room--in the middle of downtown in a major city? And for 79 bucks, this was an absolute steal. I will definitely return the next time we're in Montreal to visit our daughter. One final thing: I've been back over two weeks now and no sign of bed bug bites. That's the best sign yet.	
Sep 7 2009 	What a dump!	We only stayed 2 nights here and that's 2 nights too many!!! The room was not cleaned well if at all after the previous guest. Found lots of hair in the bed and in the bathroom. However, to my request clean sheets were provided straight away. All the furniture is very old and worn and in dire need of replacement and the whole building could do with a total revamp! The bathroom looked hideous as the wall tiles were held on by some ridiculous amount of silicon(sealant) which looked like a pile of s***All in all, if you want to save yourself the headache then pay a bit extra and stay somewhere else.	
Aug 24 2009 	excellent price	Excellent quality - price hotel. great location and spacious room.The staff was friendly and the room was clean.I was happy with my stay at this hotel.	
Aug 23 2009 	Bed Bugs Bed bugs bed bugs	My wife and I booked a night at this hotel at the last minute thinking the price was reasonable and the location good. We were not going to be spending a ton of time in the hotel, just one night of sleep. The room we were given was awful looking. We did not like the look of the room, but we checked in at 12:30am, and we were planning on getting up early anyways, so we said to ourselves not a big deal. What a mistake! While the mattress did look old, we looked to make sure the was no bugs in the bed before going to sleep. I had never encountered bed bugs before in my life, but when my wife got up to go the washroom, she came back and woke me up to tell me that there were bugs in the bed, and lo and behold there they were. As it was about 4:30am, we just wanted to get out of the hotel as soon as possible as were disgusted. I asked for a full refund, and the man at the desk said he could not give me one as we would not authorized to give one. He said because he offered us another room, that he could not give a refund. Like we were going to stay there! He told me to call his supervisor Madame Smith the next day to ask her. I did and she offered to provide me with a 25% discount on our next stay back in the hotel! Stayed at this hotel on a Thursday...skip ahead to Monday when I start to itch in certain parts of my body. Don't think much of it, as I did not know anything about bed bugs. As every day goes by, it keeps getting worse and worse, and as you can see by the photos the bites on my body hit a peak almost a week later. The phyical, but most importantly mental pain that I have endured are indescribable. Please for your own health and those around you do not stay at this hotel. Pay an extra $50 for a hotel that has a better name. Its simply not worth the pain and suffering you will experience.	
Aug 1 2009 	Very VERY disappointing..	We booked this hotel through hotwire thinking that having a kitchen would be convenient. When I called to check on my reservation only to have someone rudely tell me they don't have time to check and hang up!!It was more that disappointing when we showed up. It was dirty from the fingerprinted windows to the sad paint that was scratched in the bedroom. There was only a tiny tv to watch in the living room area on a couch that couldn't be sat on(I used a chair) The shower blasted hot to cold! Unfortunately, as soon as we showed up the swimming pool and saunas were out of order.We felt like we could only be there to shower and sleep..no way was it a place to relax which made it rather uncomfortable.The telephone in the room was broken so you could not hear the person on the other end. Also, the internet access in the lobby was a sad joke, paying 2 $ for it just to get to one site since it's SO old doesn't cut it.I now know to skip the kitchenette and pay a bit more through hotwire to get a better hotel.I would NEVER stay there again or recommend it to anyone.what a Dive!!!	
Jul 31 2009 	Stay Away!!!!	I was so dirty we don't event stay their for night.we also never get our money back	
Jul 24 2009 	HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!! No Facecloths??????	OK so my friend and I are currently staying at this hotel.. we have been here for two nights so far and are terribly disappointed. The service at the front desk is terrible.. the people are rude!! When we asked where the pool and fitness center were located the guy laughed at us and told us it was on the pent house level... ! We went up there to discover a creepy floor that was empty and full of cob webs. We went up in bathing suits and the pool was drained and closed! we then proceeded to the femal &quot;workout area&quot; where we found 3 of the oldest pieces of dysfunctional gym equiptment imaginable. The sauna and shower area are like something from a horror movie.On our first day here we didnt have any facecloths in our room... so we used the small towels that were in the bathroom... on the second day we called down to get facecloths since there still werent any and they made it seem like this was a chore, but they sent 2 up to the room, and the lady who delivered them winked at us and said &quot;its ok&quot;.. whats ok?? i payed for this room I want to wash my face!!. Today while we were gone the cleaners took our 2 facecloths and 2 little towels and left us with 1 facecloth!!! 1?? there are 2 of us here!!! So we called the front desk and they said &quot;sorry we dont have any facecloths&quot;... that doesnt make any sense because we have one!! grrrr we are so mad. Our coffee maker in the kitchen doesnt work and the couch is too scary to sit on. I dont want to get a skin disease. I am lucky to be able to write this review because our &quot;free&quot; internet only works 2% of the time!!!! oh and everything is in french so we cant understand any of the tour guides!Anyways moral of this story... the local is prime!! but not worth the hassle.. we need to stay one extra night but it will not be here!!	
Jul 24 2009 	Never Again!!! Awfull place Dirty Dangerous a real bad experience...	I started my reservationn by phone and I have asked to receive my confimation via e-mail so that I would have physical proof of the transaction. So the lady that took my booking hardly even spoke english or french and did not write the informations properly. A day later I call back to see if I had received the e-mail confirmation and their was nothing ... I call back and ask to get it again sent to my e-mail, the lady on the phone tells me that the do not have an e-mail adress at all with my reservation.. So I give it to them again and they managed to confirm the wrong informations. So I get there and they sign me in and I got up to my room wich is suppossed to be the large suite. I get in there and the place was discusting, bugs on the ground, flies, brown streaking on the walls, no screen for the wondows (from the 15th floor!) , the coffee table was broken, the sofa bed was broken, the appliances where older then my husband and I... We actually took our luguage and asked for a refund because it's completely innaceptable. They only refunded my 2nd nights stay but I had been there for less then 30 min not mentionning their parking being 2-3 blocks away. Then they wanted to kick us out for asking the full refund. They even told me that they know that the room they game me was a pretty bad one. So after wasting 4 hours I have lost my time and over 100$... NERVER EVER going there again!!	
Jul 14 2009 	STAY AWAY	When I read the comments on this website before booking this hotel, I thought it couldn't be so terrible, but it definately is. Here's why :1. There were hairs in the bed and on pillows;2. The bathtub was filthy;3. The windows were covered with fingerprints;4. The carpet was stained;5. It looked like the room wasn't cleaned in a while.6. Expensive outside parking (the hotel said they have an agreement with Safeway parking and charged us 18,63 $ for the space while, at the parking lot, they say the maximum daily rate is 10,00 $...)So, even if this hotel isn't expensive, it's worth spending a few extra bucks to get a decent room in a decent hotel.	
Jun 8 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE.	Yes, this hotel is in a good location, but even with its cheap price tag, I would argue you would rather pay that NOT to stay in this hotel. All the reviews about bed bugs are right (we bought sheets our first nights to cover what was there). Black hairs ARE found... in the bed... in the kitchen... in the microwave. White hairs found on the carpets. STAINS everywhere. COB WEBS everywhere. The tub did not look like it had been cleaned in 10 years. The walls had grease stains. The bathroom door had urine stains. The tub and sink were chipped. Everyone else complained about water temperature in the bathroom, we had ZERO water pressure... as in to the extent that it took half an hour to rinse out my husband's almost shaved short hair. Our neighbours tried to murder the other, by throwing one out the window. The Sri Lanka protestors are directly infront of our windows. Some continuous beeping of the fire alarm kept us up at night. Make up stains on everything. Cigarette burns EVERYWHERE and on ANYTHING. I did not check out of this hotel, but I did ask for an apology, which I still have no received. I have written a formal letter of complaint, with still no apology. I hope this hotel will lose its stars, so that nobody else will be tricked in staying in this death trap. They also claimed we would have free internet access, which actually ending up being incredibly expensive.DO NOT STAY HERE. THIS IS NOT A JOKE. THE CHEAP PRICE IS NOT WORTH IT...you will want to pay anything just to get the heck out of there.	
Apr 8 2009 	BED BUGS....DISGUSTNG!!!	We stayed at this hotel for a girls weekend and since we are in university we thought that it would fit our budget of only $89 a night. We read the reviews on expeida but i wish that we had read these reviews. When we got to the hotel we were treated kind of rudely by the staff but oh well, we got to our hotel room and it smelled bad so we called them and they said that they would call us back (they never did). There was a huge slash in one of our walls like someone was murdered there. We then took a shower in which the water would go from cold to scalding hot. We went out to the bar and came back only to chat some more in bed, it was then we found bed bugs...we saw at least 10 in our 2 beds and called the from desk to complain. The girl was pretty nice but we told her we were leaving and did nto expect to pay. We then drove to the closest hotel (stil drunk) and checked in at the shereton for $200 a night in which we had the best treatment and experience of our life...We called the hotel after our visit to complain to the manager about the bed bugs and she called us liars!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! never ever stay here... Just because you dont see bed bugs when you check in does not mean they are not there! They only come out just before dawn to feed and bites can take up to 10 days to appear. Not worth the trauma of constantly feeling itchy and like you have been bitten, not to mention all the crap i through out just incase we took the bed bugs home.	
Mar 27 2009 	Disgusting Despicable Disappointing!!!	Okay folks heres the deal - this hotel.. demonstrates the three major D's on the DONT list when looking for a hotel.Lets start with Disgusting: the hotel was very unsanitary, with black hair, stained carpets, and bed bugs.Secondly, the customer service was despicable- no compassion for people trapped in broken elevators with exposed electrical wires from the lights hanging out of the ceilings. Finally, this hotel was mostly and unfortunatly disappointing. Being fans of bagels bites, we decided that after a long night of partying, a few bagel bites would be the perfect snack. However when it came to cooking the bagel bites there was a slight dilema; there was no baking sheet to place the bagel bites on so we had to settle with using the microwave (meaning the bagel bits would not be as satisfying because of their soggy texture). Unfortunatly as we quickly discovered, the microwave didnt work and the hight setting on the microwave was equivalent to the low setting on the microwave. If thats not bad enough, the showers would change from freezing cold to burning hot in the matter of seconds. There was no happy medium.This hotels three-star rating should really be re-considered. Perhaps a 1 star would be more appropriate.	
Mar 23 2009 	Terrible!	We arrived at LaTour with high hopes, as we had heard it was a great location and we got an excellent price on the room. It definatly would have been worth it to spend a little more money to stay elsewhere. We arrived in the room and there were long black hairs in our bed, in our kitchen, in the fridge, and tons in the bathroom. Being students we could handel that, but because we ARE students we seemed to get the absolute worst customer service imaginable. We got trapped in the elevator and it started to bounce between floors and plummet. This happened 3 times! Each time we called the front desk to get laughed at. We did not feel safe at ALL.To top off the trip we ended up making our bus by 2 minutes because they &quot;forgot&quot; to give us a wake up call. When the conserige felt our wrath, he took his sweet time checking us out of the hotel. DO NOT STAY HERE.	
Mar 20 2009 	An alright Economy Hotel	Stayed 3/09. For $89 a night, it was a good deal, but not without its drawbacks. The elevators are very sketchy at best, so a 17 floor hotel can be quite a trip up an down the stairs when they break down. Hotel staff is slow, with our check in taking close to half an hour. The parking garage is closed, so you have to pay to park across the street in an open lot. Did not have a problem with bed bugs though. And at only a block from Saint Catherene's, it was too good to pass up, at least this time around.	
Jan 26 2009 	not worth the price they charge	Did not experience bed bugs , but the room we had certainly was shabby, MAJOR stains on the carpets, paint peeling off the walls... would NEVER go back to this place. The only convenience was it's location but there are other great hotels in that area for close to the same price and much nicer and cleaner.	
Dec 20 2008 	Wish I read about the Bedbugs!!!	Slept alright. Funny thing is I broke out a few days later with a dozen bite marks on my arms and hands. No clue what it was til I checked out reviews on this place. Another person staying on the couch showed me a huged infected byte mark today on his finger he had wich confirmed to me that the origin was this hotel !!! Stay away. That's the last time I ever go there!If the problem was fixed like management listed in Aug...well it's back in room 1502! Woke up the last day to find a HHHHUUUGE spider up in the corner nesting! I swear we find those spiders out in the country! Maybe it's feeding on bed bugs who knows. If I could rate this place half a star I would just for convenience of being closed to downtown.	
Dec 4 2008 	Stay far away	Had to go to Montreal for two days on business and stayed here because it was one of the few hotels on the approved list. When I checked in, I had a sense that it I had stayed here when I was in high school fifteen years ago, and when I went up to the room, my fears were confirmed. Didn't see any bed bugs but the place was so dirty and old that I ended up sleeping on top of the bedsheets fully clothed! After rushing through my meeting I decided to catch a late train and came home early rather than have to spend a second night. Grumpy staff made me pay 50% of the second night's rate for late check out; I was not impressed. You can do much better than this!	
Nov 6 2008 	It's a good place to stay. Not for people with "expensive taste."	Me and my friend decided to come go to Montreal January 08. We were 18 and this was our first BIG trip. We stayed for 4 days and 3 nights. Before booking this hotel I did some research. Besides the issue of bed bugs, i figured we could deal with 70's decor and poor elevators since we'd only really be using the place to sleep in and would be out all day. Well first we couldn't find the hotel. I think we passed it a good 4 times, but we had piss poor directions from Google Maps. Anyway, when we finally got there we checked in basically right away (there were like 2 groups ahead of us). Were told that the garage was closed and we'd have to come back in the morning to get a parking pass, no big deal. We parked on the streets that night.Getting up to our room, the place seemed find. A big space for 2 people. The furniture was old and mismatched but whoopdeefrickendoo! ITS A HOTEL PEOPLE! You want matching furniture? Stay at home! Everything was clean, the living room, bathroom, kitchen, and bedroom. Not like squeeky clean, but I didn't feel like I needed a hot shower after being there. And there were no bed bugs, which was good cause I hate bugs. I'm very impressed by the location too! It was like right next to St Catharine's Street which is where you want to be for shopping and night life. The first night we walked the wrong direction into a very seedy area of Montreal where, despite the below freezing weather, street walkers were till walking around in short skirts and fishnets. But, walk in the other direction, its a TOTALLY different story. You're only a few blocks from Crescent Street which has a bunch of bars and clubs.We were also only a couple steps away from the IGN...i think thats what it was called. Its a grocery store. We bought a lot of beer there to bring back to our room. We actually spent more time in the room than I had planned because of how cold it was out (go figure, January in Canada). So we'd sleep most of the day, go out and explore the Underground City, come back, sit around and watch TV and pre-game, then hit the city again at night. All in all, if you want a decent hotel at a good price in a good location, then this is it. I would watch out for bed bugs though. We probably lucked out. And don't listen to these naysayers about the furniture and stuff. It doesn't really matter.	
Oct 1 2008 	Full of Bed Bugs/filthy	I stayed at this hotel which was advertised as a 3 star hotel. It presented well on the internet so I did not think I would have any problems staying there. I was attending an International conference and this was one of the recommended places to stay. This hotel is terrible. It is filthy, furniture is very shabby. The worst thing about my 5 night stay there was the BEDBUGS. I saw something in my bed. It was a small red bug. I killed it with a kleenex. I did not know at that time what a bed bug looked like. I saw blood spots on my pillow. The sheets were threadbare with holes in them. The mattress pad did not fit the bed. It looked like it was a small pad.I did not sleep at all while I was there.We complained to the front desk. Our room may have been &quot;fumigated&quot; while we were out but if you know anything about bedbugs they bite and are very difficult to get rid of.!! My friend was covered in large bites that appear in 3's. This place needs to be investigated asap by the Public Health board in Montreal. No compensation was ofered to us for the physical and psychological trauma my friend and I suffered. Do not go there. I notice there are several other negative reviews about this place on this site. Hope you read them as it seems this bedbug problem is ongoing!!	
Sep 30 2008 	Bedbugs	I stayed 5 nights in this hotel from September the 22nd to the 27th when in Montreal attending a Conference. This hotel was on the Conference Brochure and was about the middle of the price range of the hotels listed. I started getting bites by the second night. The staff do not seem at all concerned with the fact that the place is infested! When I complained and showed them my bites, I was given a very small box of chocolates and upgraded to a larger room that was just as bad. Keep away from this place!!!	
Sep 11 2008 	Cheap Price but at a High Cost	We decided relatively last minute to venture to Montreal for Labour day weekend. After reading the reviews on this hotel we were extremely reluctant to stay there but figured for $89 a night we could grin and bare it- because really what were the chances OUR room would have bugs in it? Upon arrival we were informed that their underground parking was full and we would have to park 2 blocks away, which was not happening because I think us girls packed enough luggage to move to Montreal. We opted to park on the street and take our chances. When we entered our room our first thought was that all of the mismatched furniture was probably from a garage sale but that ended up to be the least of our worries. We laid our sleeping bags on the bed (in fear of bugs we were NOT getting under the sheets). All was fine and well until a couple hours later-the first bug spotting on MY PILLOW. The hunt began and sure enough there were bugs all over the room!! We got the hotel to change the bed and slept that night with the lights on, zipped into our sleeping bags because we knew there was no chance of finding any other hotel that wasn't fully booked. We checked out of the hotel 2 days later disgusted but happy we didnt get any bites. UNTIL 3 days later when we all of a sudden were covered in them! Apparently it takes up to 9 days for bed bug bites to appear-almost 10 days later i am still covered in them! Honestly please take my advice and don't stay here, the hotel has a serious beg issue..the low price is not worth the devastation of being covered in bed bug bites!!	
Sep 8 2008 	For travellers on tight budget!	Reading some of the reviews here I was worried. The first thing I did when I entered the room was to undo the bed and lift the matress to find bugs but I didn't find any. Unfortunately, the whole hotel gave me the impression that bugs would actually come out at night and I didn't sleep well. The hotel itself needs renovations. The room was big, with a kitchen and lots of windows, but the carpet was dirty and there we hairs on the pillows. And the smell when we entered the room...yuck! The parking cost 16$ a day, and that was a surprise since the hotel we stayed the night before had free parking. Location is great, but no better than all the hotels in downtown Montreal. I recommend this hotel to people on tight budget, and to people who don't care what they sleep in.	
Sep 7 2008 	Not that bad	After reading alot of the reviews I was worried about my stay here. But upon arrival I realized it wasn't that bad...at least not as bad as expected. It was rundown (carpets definitely needed to be redone) but overall was a typical room with a kitchen, sitting area and bathroom. overall it was maintained and clean. Although it was not a room to write home about it was a desent hotel with a great location and good staff.	
Aug 29 2008 	Terrible condition bed bug INFESTATION	I went there with my girlfriend on a trip, hoping for everything to go smoothly. The hotel was the one thing I was counting on to at least be a decent place where we could sleep. We did sleep alright, in a nest of parasites. I woke up in the morning and had several bites all over my hands, feet, neck and face. Every exposed area on my skin was covered in bites. My girlfriend had something similar, but not as bad. We called for our room to get cleaned and the hotel was very slow and seemed to not care for our well being. Sadly I checked out and quickly went home with a ruined trip, and a very unhappy girlfriend. I ended up throwing away my clothes as I was afraid it would spread onto my carpets and other fuzzy furniture that those critters could burrow themselves into.I do not recommend this hotel to anybody, period. Even if you are the most experienced traveler, choose another place that cleans properly. This hotel is terrible.	
Aug 26 2008 	LaTour Centre Ville Montreal-fudgetaboutit!	The La Tour Centre Ville is located in downtown Montreal in a good location. We had a mini-suite with a full kitchen, bath, livingroom and bedroom with two twin beds. Bathroom looks updated, they provide a blow dryer. Living room carpet was filthy and had several very big stains in the carpeting and the stained furniture looked right out of the 1940's, not in a good way. The hotel allows small pets so this might account for all the horrid ugly stains. Smelled musty. They provide a coffee pot, but no coffee, filters, cream or sugar. $16.50 a day extra to park under the hotel. One elevator out of two was not working while we were there. They have a so-so Chinese restaurant on site (waiter said I was the first person EVER to order an egg roll and seemed shocked that I did, they don't have any), and a small convenience store which you can purchase over priced breakfast with hash browns being a McDonald's type soaked in oil fried potatoe square. Hotel staff was nice, but gave us driving directions which landed us wrong way on one-way street twice. We would not stay there again.	
Aug 11 2008	A Sleepless Night with Mom	We had the opportunity for a free lift to Montreal, and as a McGill graduate, I couldn't resist the chance to return to Montreal with my mom and relive the great weekends we used to share there. I chose this hotel based on the location and the price. In retrospect, I should have paid $100 more and had a more carefree weekend. I knew we'd be arriving pretty late, so I called the day of and spoke to a lady at the front desk to confirm that they wouldn't give away our room (I had also made a note in the initial reservation). We arrived to finding out our room HAD been given away and the guy at the front desk grunted to us that he would have to struggle to find us a room. 20 minutes later, he was swiping our keys when a big group of young men came out of the elevator and complained that the elevator was shaking (very reassuring!). We finally made it to our room on the 15th floor, which was a smoking room, and it smelled really bad. The bed cover was extremely stained. The bathtub was not clean. There were spiders on the windows. I felt horrible having dragged my mom back to Montreal to take her to this hell hole. To make matters room, at 2:30 in the morning we could hear a man knocking on doors and whistling in the hallway. We initially thought it was a creep going around knocking on strangers doors, but by 4:30 we realized we were on the 18 year old hormonal party floor. We weren't sure if we were in a youth hostel or a brothel! I did not fall asleep until 7:30 in the morning and we got up at 9:00 to start our only full day in Montreal. That morning I went down and complained and tried to have our room changed. The man at the front desk said that we should come back at 7:00pm, once people had checked out and more rooms were available. We came back at 6:00, and the guy tried to find us another room but couldn't find a room our size which was not smoking. Eventually he asked his female colleague for help. She argued with us for coming so late to complain (even though the other guy had told us to come back at 7:00!). Also she claimed that non-smoking rooms are never guaranteed, they are just preference, if available. After enough arguing we got a new non-smoking room on the 3rd floor, which was an entirey different experience. The kitchenette had been updated, the tv was larger (and not 70s vintage), the other clientelle were families, the bathroom was clean, the room had curtains, and our bed didn't squeak when you rolled over. Between having not slept the day before and all of the walking we did that day, we slept like rocks! We ended up having a great trip to Montreal, but the hotel was certainly not the highpoint! Next time I'll book earlier, splurge a bit more and leave La Tour for the teens and bugs!	
Aug 6 2008 	Worst hotel ever!	After my boyfriend and I booked this hotel we came to this site and saw a review that said the hotel had bed bugs. We really did not want to cancel our reservation mostly because of how great the location was but we also wanted to believe it wasn't true. The sad truth is, the review was absolutely accurate. There were little red begs in our bed both nights we stayed there. There were also spots of blood on our sheets. We had to ask the staff 3 times to change them and the third time they gave us new sheets that we had to put on the bed ourselves. Although the hotel is in a great location I do not think it is worth sleeping with bugs. I would NEVER EVER stay at this hotel again, even if it was for free!	
Aug 2 2008 	Only the location is good	We stayed in this place for two nights. We were unpleasantly surprised. The hotel makes a very shabby impression. The room was enormous, but filthy. Most of the staff is not up to the job, some of them made themselves remarks about how poor the hotel is!Some observations: Half of the electricity sockets did not work. Some of them fell out of the wall when you tried to use them!Our room was very noisy, street noise, noise from the corridor and the neighbours, although they were talking normally.The airconditioning worked but only took care of a small portion of the room. It was taped to the wall, no kidding!The carpet was old, full of staines and when we arrived showed the remains of the dinner our predesessors had left on the floor. The coffee can was broken, the windows dirty, on in and outside.Taking the elevator was a time consuming exercise, we had to wait anywhere between 5 and 20 minutes. I would always suggest to try to find another place, because this is just not worth the hassle.	
Jul 22 2008 	We didn't stay - I couldn't - it was disgusting!	The location of this place is great, close to everything downtown, but even that couldn't convince us to stay. After waiting 30, yes 30 minutes for the elevator to come to the main lobby (only one of the two elevators was working, and the one that was working, stopped on almost every floor even though no one had called it!) and we were not the first in line, we finally got to our room on the 15th floor. I was already not pleased with the wait to get to our room, so I'm sure you can imagine how excited I was to open the door - the stale smoke smell, and the filthy carpet were enough for me to say 'that's it, i'm outta here!&quot; Add to that the fact that the A/C unit in the wall (very large) was taped together with duct tape, the windows and window wells had not been washed this year, the fact that a vaccuum had not seen under or around the bed, there were stains and cigarette burns on the 'comforter', the t.v. cables and wire were all over the floor for someone to trip on, the faucet in the washroom was leaky...need i go on? It was gross and wouldn't even take my shoes off let alone go near the bed...When we talked to the man at the counter, he said they were having an 'unlucky day'...We did not stay, nor do i recommend this place to anyone else.	
Jul 17 2008 	Good Experience	Before leaving Toronto, I went online to read the reviews for this hotel and I was shocked and terrified of the amount of horror stories that people had experienced at this hotel. My boyfriend and I decided that we would wait until we got to the room and inspect it then make our decision whether we stayed for the weekend or not. We arrived late on July 11, 2008 checked into our room and discovered that they had given us a room with two twin beds when we reserved a smoking room with a queen bed. We went back to reception and they were very nice and switched our rooms immediately. We got our room on the 15th floor and immediately inspected the room for &quot;bed bugs&quot; or for any sign of bugs. The room was clean, kitchen was clean and no sign of bugs. Yes, I will agree the hotel is in need of major update. And definitely the hotel needs to address there &quot;bed bug&quot; issue, however our experience was fine. We enjoyed the convenience of the hotel being close to the Old Port. My boyfriend and I love to cook, therefore having a stove was nice when we got up in the morning. There is an IGA down the street about 2blocks. And downtown Montreal is in walking distance. I took pictures of the hotel for those rude people out there to prove that I am not lying. This is not the greatest hotel in the world, but honestly people YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR. If you wanted a 5 star hotel spend the money. If you are on a budget and enjoy being close to everything go to this place. If the room is not up to your &quot;standards&quot; than cancel your reservation get your money back and go to a different hotel.	
Jul 12 2008 	Bugs in the Bed La Tour Hotel!	I had 15 family members stay at La Tour Hotel Centreville July 3-5,2008 during the Montreal Jazz Festival. 1. Each room provided had faulty water temperatures in the shower. The water went from scolding hot to scolding cold during any shower experienced by each family member among all the rooms 2. In one room, no working toilet was provided. There were insects found in the bed. This room had an open whole in the window where a portable airconditioner was installed upon check-in. Hotel staff was untruthful regarding another available room during the night.When asked what the guest would do without a toilet during the night, the hotel staff responded that he didn't know and that maintenance would be by in the morning to correct the problem. Finally, the next morning of July 4, 2008 another room was provided that had previously not been occupied the night before.3. In a second room, the air conditioner did not work and upon repeatable requests to hotel staff to repair it, no reponse or remedy was provided. There was no electricity provided in the bedroom during the night of July 3, 2008.4. In a third room, the stove did not work. Maintenance came and could not fix it. Hotel staff suggested a room change. After accepting the room change, hotel staff completely forgot and no room change took place.5. In a fourth room,insects were found in the bed6. When a cot was requested, hotel staff coaxed a guest in our party to come and &quot;take a look at the cot&quot;. Upon arrival the guest was asked to take the cot back to their room. No hotel staff would bring the cot to the room. Hotel management has been un-responsive with our feedback.	
Jul 11 2008 	Infested with SCABIES and BED BUGS	I will regret my stay at this hotel for the rest of my life. No amount of money saved is worth the horror of contracting parasites and the psychological distress of realising you've stayed in a room infested with bed bugs and could have brought them home with you. I still don't know if I have, I'm afraid of my bed and scan the frame and mattress with a flashlight every night before I go to sleep. It's costing me $100 for the medication to treat myself for the scabies and I will probably have to ask my fiance and my family to treat themselves too in case I infected them, so they can't re-infect me. If I did bring home bed bugs it will cost me thousands of dollars to exterminate and could take years to get rid of them. It is -not- worth it to stay here, spend a little more and pick a hotel where the staff actually care about keeping your room sanitary and bug free. As I see from other comments this is an ongoing problem at this hotel and that is -not- acceptable.	
Jul 2 2008 	dont stay here	this hotel is awful it's filthy ... the rooms stink there are holes in the sheets and blankets the carpets are full of cigarette burns ... our room hadnt seen a vacuum cleaner in weeks the man at reception couldnt have been less welcoming... not at all helpful the bathtub faucet ran ... not just a drip but water running constantly ... i would rather sleep on the street than stay in that hotel again	
Jun 23 2008	was perfect my needs	I decided to have my bachelor party in Montreal. This hotel was perfect me and my friends needs. It was cheap, comfy, and had two beds in each room. Also, the rooms have kitchenettes and a pullout couch. So in essence, one room could fit 4-5 people.	
Jun 11 2008	Held Hostage in La Tour!	We stayed in this &quot;hotel&quot; in June 2008 over the F1 race weekend at a cost of $350/night. We had 4 rooms booked with 3-4 people in each room. Upon arriving at the &quot;hotel&quot; and finding out our rooms had been conveniently located next to eachother (on the 2nd, 6th, 11th and 16th floors) we were shocked from the second we opened the door. The first thing you will notice is the stale smoke stench of each room. The furniture, walls, curtains and beds are all outdated and stunk. It took our goup about 3 minutes to go back to the front desk to inform them that there was no chance we would be staying there. The hotel manager graciously informed us they would cancel our reservation and only charge us for one nights accomadations. $350 x 4 rooms!!! What a joke. After a long argument with them, we realized we could not afford to do this as other hotels were charging much more also. The first night was horrible. 30 degree weather with no A/C is not my idea of a great vacation. After using all 3 towels in the room the first night we called the front desk the next morning to ask when the maid would be bringing more. We were told that they were out of towels and would have to call back later! Wonderful! We spent the whole day walking around the city without taking a shower in the morning. Aside from the blood stain on the couch, the pile of empty cans and garbage in the hallway (which sat there for 2 days), and the showerhead that shot off the wall every time we showered, this was a decent place to stay. I would hate to see the home of anyone who gave this &quot;hotel&quot; a decent rating.	
Jun 11 2008	Dirty 	This hotel was the absolute pits. My friends and I could not believe we paid so much money to stay in such a horrible hotel. It's an absolute disgrace that they haven't renovated it. I have to admit the location was great, only a few minutes away from the bars and restaurants.However, the hallways had no A.C. the elevator always got stuck on the 15th floor so we'd have to wait, push the 16th or 14th floor, get off and walk up or down a flight of stairs. the rooms were disgusting. the carpets were horrible and had stains everywhere. the living room coffee table, dresser and table to eat off of were all different furniture and were a different color. I can keep writing for days as to how bad our experience was. we had gone up for grand prix weekend and paid an arm and a leg for 4 nights. My recommendation, bite the bullet and pay an extra 50 bucks a night and stay somewhere really nice. it's so much more worth it and having a piece of mind that your hotel is clean is key.	
Jun 9 2008 	Not too impressed	We stayed at this hotel because of a recommendation from a friend on the basis of it's central location. There were good things but lots of problems. It WAS a great location - easy to walk everywhere we wanted to go (or to a Metro station for those farther away) and we were very happy with the location. We stayed in 2 rooms - in the first there were 3 of us and we had one of the larger rooms on the 14th floor and it was fine. No complaints other than rather dated decorating. The second room however was a different story. We were moved to the 2nd floor and there were only 2 of us so it was to a smaller room (we choose to do this). The room however, was not very good. The following were our complaints:1) Curtains were stained (brown) and had holes in them2) There were cigarette holes in the sheets (it was a non-smoking room).3) The fridge light was out4) The power outlets in the kitchen above the sink were dead5) The pillows were not very comfortable6) The outlet on the stove came out of the stove when removing a plug7) The view out the window was of a Honda service station8) There was no hotel info in the room (including what time was check out etc; this was true of both rooms).9) There was no climate control in the room10) We had a ridiculously loud noise in our room that seemed to be air in the water pipes - sounded like a trumpet going off both early in the morning and at night. This was the worst because none of the staff attempted to remedy the problem - which kept us up.11) One of the elevators was broken on our last night and were still broken the next day (when we were checking out) and all the access to the stairs said they were alarmed. We ended up going out them anyway as we couldn't get out any other way (elevator that was working was full)12) Despite asking for our room to be cleaned, our bathroom was only superficially cleaned. While we got new towels, our old ones remained on the back of the door and some dirt on the floor was there after the cleaning as well. When all is said and done though, it was a fine place to stay - we didn't have any really significant issues, just irritations at the end of our stay.	
May 26 2008 	Great location	I stayed at this place twice (the last time in March 07) and both times had a pretty nice experience. I have to say that I found the hotel a bit ran down since my previous visit (in January 05). It could definitely use some renovations.Overall, my room was clean, and we had no issues (no bed bugs as some other reviewers seem to have found). The people in the main desk were helpful, and when we needed to stay an extra night, we were charged the same amount as per our reservation, although the upfront price was about $30 higher.The location is great (across the street from the American Consulate, in downtown, minutes away from subways stations, Montreal's main information center, and Le Complex de Jardins - I hope I spelled it right).	
May 20 2008	The Manager is rude......	Thanks, we stayed only for one night. This hotel is so outdated, carpet floor is so disgusting, even the doors can't be closed, kitchen is dirty, bed is hard like a wood floor. We have a 6 mos old baby which she couldn't sleep because the room was so warm even if AC is functioning. So we called the management almost middle of the night, they responded they can't do anything because there is no maintenance people present at that time.What frustrate us a lot is about the advertisement on the website that RATES INCLUDED BREAKFAST (in bold letters), this is one thing I considered when I booked the hotel but surprisingly, hotel never served us breakfast. The Manager said that breakfast is not included, the excused he made is the rates is already low and breakfast is only free for Grey Cup Promo. We said RATES INCLUDED BREAKFAST is wriiten on the front page of the website with no specific exclusions and I showed the print out I have on-hand, after some discussions, the manager committed he would give us a discount equivalent to our breakfast, but as soon as we checked out, the manager (his name is Rashid) denied about the discount, said he never said giving us the discount. When we tried to make a conversation, he raised his voice and shouted on us. What a terrible experience, we are Canadians and we are giving our cousins a little tour of Canada (our cousins came from Netherlands). Its frustrating, really a bad experience. What we want to know, if hotels are allowed to put all the nicest things people are looking for when booking on a hotel but ignoring their promises after ckecking in on the hotel.	
Apr 15 2008 	Crabby hotel	We stayed at the Tour Centre Ville for two nights in the freezing cold but cosy and beautiful Montreal. Our room on the 14th floor had a magnificent view, and the room was very large. That's the only positive thing to say about this hotel, which seems to be in a desperate need for renovation. The room was so shabby and the furniture, beds and carpets were disgusting. Everywhere in the hotel small pieces of wallpaper were falling apart. We paid about 90 canadian dollars per night and that didn't even include breakfast which was to be bought in the expensive cafe next to the lobby. The staff were okay but not more than that, and the pool on the top floor seemed so dirty, that I was sure to be sick if I went for a swim there. My girlfriend did, and got sick the following night. The saunas didn't work, but seemed very dirty as well.Not recommedable until major revation has been done.	
Mar 7 2008 	It is not as bad as everybody makes it out	After I had booked this hotel I found the reviews here and began to worry and almost canceled my stay but am so glad I didn't. Yes the rooms are out dated but overall they are very clean, tons of room (they look like they used to be one bedroom apartments). And I stayed for 3 nights in a large suite for under $275. Really can't beat that. Its right downtown and there is a IGA close by as well as the metro. The front desk was a lot of help and very friendly. I hope these reviews do not stop anyone from this. It isn't fancy but it will do for anybody.	
Dec 8 2007	Scabies And Bed Bugs	Our college stayed in this hotel for a weekend and after sleeping in the bed one night, the next day we noticed bugs and blood on the unchanged sheets. They switched our room to where there was no working heat and mold in the coffee maker. Upon returning home all of our clothes were bagged and washed because of fear from the bugs and dirty sheets. However, several weeks later itchy rashes began appearing on all 4 girls from the room. We later found out we contracted scabies from this hotel. Big hastle, disgusting mess, never stay here!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 24 2007 	good location ok rooms terrible customer service	Pros:Location - Price -RoomCons:Customer service - elevators - some things weren't very clean.	
Oct 2 2007 	Terrible place	stayed at this hotel October 1st with 3 adults and a child , first of all we checked in and went to our room the room was terrible looked liked a 3rd world country inn. ripped and old sofa's carpets dirty, curtains had holes kitchen very disgusting( but who needs a kitchen) thank God i flipped over the bed covers, I saw hair and fuzz all over the bed the bed sheets werent changed but the bed was made, cumbs under the beds and sofa's...i wanted just to get out and move to another hotel, but my husband said we should try another room. we changed our room to the 14th floor, same Picture but the bed sheets were changed, stayed the whole day outside just came in to the room to sleep thats it, told my child to not to touch anything in the room... i still get itches all over me when i think about this place, the price wasnt even economical we paid 170 .00 dollars for 1 night and we had to because husband had a meeting right across the street which was very close.. Never again i will return to this place....	
Sep 27 2007 	4 college kids loved it	Stayed there during winter and had a blast. no complaints. lobby was full of some drama and maybe high school kids, but it didn't bother us. location was perfect for going out at night. small kitchen and small living room was just what we needed. view was incredible too. little cafe downstairs made some excellent egg sandwiches	
Sep 18 2007 	bed bugs!!!!!!	OK, I've stayed at a lot of hotels, but this was my first experience with Bedbugs, and an unhelpful staff.I woke up at 5:00 in the morning with an itch on my chest, and noticed a bug (I didnt assume it was a bedbug right away) crawling on me. I opened my eyes further and noticed no less then 5 others crawling all over the bed next to me. DISGUSTING!!!!So I brought 3 of them down to the lobby in a glass and showed him, and his answer was &quot;I can't kill them all&quot; UGGH!After some haggling he offered me another room 5 floors up.I wish I could give this place a 0 unfortunately terrible (1 star) is the lowest option available.	
Sep 5 2007 	Clean budget hotel with very accomodating service	I would definitely recommend the budget-conscious traveller to stay here. Location is key for this hotel which is situated between the &quot;new&quot; and &quot;old&quot; sectors of Montreal. Perfect for first timers to Montreal as you can easily go south toward the Port and historical sites or north toward the shopping and museums. It is also right in between two major Metro lines which is just a few blocks walk away in either direction. Staff is friendly and accomodating to say the least. At first, we had one of the older, non-renovated rooms which is spacious with a kitchenette. But after being waken up in the middle of the night by inconsiderate drunk college kids, the hotel upgraded us to a huge suite on a different floor the very next morning. Last, but not least, the hotel staff was very helpful in answering our million questions, recommending wonderful restaurants, and being prompt in any of their services to help make our vacation run as smoothly as possible. For this reason alone would I stay here again when I return to Montreal!	
Aug 14 2007	It's ok...	This is a pretty old place, with old furniture, decor, paint, fixtures... so keep your expectations low. And I agree with the other reviewers that there is this unpleasant industrial solvent type smell that reminds me of cheap motels that I have stayed in. I judge my comfort level by my willingness to take off my shoes and socks inside and walk around. In this place, I kept them till I got in bed. And put them on when I got up.The lady at the checkin doubles as phone operator, so even with one person in line in front of me, I had to wait over half an hour before I got my room. I paid $130 before taxes for this room (a large suite) booked online. It was a huge room, but so poorly and sparsely furnished that the large gaps between the odd piece of furniture made the suite rather uncosy. I didn't spend any time in the living room at all.Personally, I'd rather pay an extra $30 and get something more updated. I don't think I'll come back. I'm glad my wife wasn't with me. She wouldn't have been happy.Hope that's useful to someone.	
Jun 8 2007	excellent place	Great place to stay. The rooms were extremely cute and convenient. We stayed in bed until noon one morning, left for downtown at 1 oclock and the room still got cleaned. The location is wonderful. Two blocks from Cathedral st. and a 20 min walk to old town montreal. The underground shopping is close and the casino is a 15$ cab ride.	
Jun 5 2007 	Great stay at La Tour	This is a great hotel for the price. And the location is awesome. It was quiet and comfortable. They were able to give me an early check in and were able to answer all my questions. Nice pool on the top floor. Would recommend if you don't have a car and need a place in a good location. The parking and internet cost extra but the room rate is good.	
Jun 5 2007 	Amazing Location Huge Rooms Decent Price	The rooms at this hotel are HUGE. The facilities at the hotel are a little older -- the pool could definitely use a makeover -- but were clean enough. But the big thing here is that the location is AMAZING -- just a close walk to some great restaurants, great shopping, and great bars/clubs. When you stay here you are paying for huge rooms and a great location. The front desk staff had some good tips. I'd definitely reccommend for budget-conscious travelers like myself.	
Mar 15 2007	What is Respect for Customers?	Upon arrival to hotel, we tried to check in. it was the most amazing the because the woman at 1st did not acknowledge I was standing at the desk. Finally when I got her attention, she told me I was not registered. I gave her a copy of the confirmation from their own website and everything, but she insisted I was not registered. She was very rude and sassy. I requested a manger because I drove over 7 hours, crossed a border, and had confirmation in my hand on online! Another lady came to the counter, Joy/Toni; something like that; well she was more pleasant than the initial woman. She only found my reservation instantly. She informed me my room would not be ready for at least another 1-2 hours. No problem I thought! However when I returned, I guess I was blackballed. I didn’t go up to the counter, because it was the same initial woman and I didn’t want any more conflict. I sent my mate and he retrieved the key to our room. When I got into the room, I was quite disappointed. In addition, it did not seem like what I had reserved. I called the front desk and that is when I spoke to Mr F(----), he told me that was his name when I asked him after return to the front counter because he refused to answer any questions about the room over the phone. I did not see this guy during the whole check-in progress, but he must have heard about the Americans!!! This man was very rude when I approached the counter; I was at this time very upset. Here I was in Canada with no where to stay; I cancelled my reservation at Residence Inn! A woman came to the counter, louisette pion-general manager, and kept telling me I was talking loud, yet this guy was yelling at my and swearing!! She was excusing his behavior stating he was new and on probation. Things really went wild because after all the profanity, including his profane name, he walked off the job stating he quick, I don’t need this ----. At this point the general manager blamed me and asked if I was going to work in his place. I must have been on candid camera Canadian style where they never tell you, because I never, ever, ever went through this in all my life. Well, the guy came back and he apologized, I did not accept. I told the woman I would be checking out and did not expect to have to pay for this room or parking. I called Residence Inn and they weren’t booked. I went there and was greeted in a totally different way. I guess you get what you pay for!!!	
Jan 11 2007 	It was not as good as I expected	We stayed at La Tour Centre Ville for 2 nights in September 2006.When we arrived at the hotel, the only front desk staff was talking on the phone, so we had to wait to check-in for a long time.Our room (Small Suite) was big enough, but one queen-sized bed was small for us.Overall, the room was NOT clean.-There were a lot of fingerprints on the windows.-Bed sheet was very crumpled, so it seemed not to be changed.If your first priority about accommodations is cleanliness, I NEVER recommend you staying this hotel.The location was OK. It was a 10-minute walk to go to Metro station, Chinatown, and Old Montreal.Cafe Bistro at the 1st floor was good. Croissant egg and cheese sandwich (breakfast special) was delicious! But they didn't have croissant when we went there again, so I ordered bagel instead. It was not bad, but croissant was better. If you can, you have to try it!	
Nov 24 2006 	Not-so-suite for the budget-minded traveler	We were looking for an affordable base camp for a family weekend getaway in Montreal, and chose it because it was a low-priced suite option in downtown, convenient to many attractions. Strengths: it's a short walk to the heart of the financial district, shopping on St. Catherine's St. &amp; the underground malls, and close by McGill Univ. Gripes: suite was small for a family of four, beds are uncomfortable, furnishings were slightly dingy, indoor pool was chilly &amp; tiny. Garage parking is available, but adds $14/day (US) to the price. We've stayed at several small Euro-style Montreal hotels &amp; found Le Tour less hospitable than most of these, overall--e.g. no coffee in the lobby or continental breakfast included. A good choice for budget-minded travelers, but look elsewhere if you're looking for more creature comforts, or a location closer to some of Montreal's best neighborhoods for walking &amp; dining out.	
Aug 5 2006 	Great Location	This Hotel is in a GREAT location, you can basically walk to all the Tourist attractions - Notre Dame, St. Catherine Street, St. Denis, and others. There is a grocery store right across the street called IGA. The Hotel itself isn't the most modern but on the plus side it has a kitchen which will save you a lot of money if you just cook your breakfast and lunch. The rooms are average looking, nothing fancy. I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for the suite experience in downtown but want to save money.Plus sides-Great locationFriendly receptionKitchen to save moneycomfortable bedsGood TV channelsNegatives-You have to pay for parkingThe elevator is REALLY slowCould use some renovationsHotel hallways had a bad smell at first but it went awayshowers water temps were unpredictable at timesWith all that being said, I would stay there again	
May 28 2006	It's practical because is in downtown. Not bad...	I stayed in this hotel with my wife for one week. I was moving to Montreal, so it was important for me to have a centric hotel with a kitchenette.I think that you get what you pay for.The bad things:1- The heater (since we stayed in a chilli season) was a little bit too noisy. And since it was right in front of the bed you went from covering yourself to uncovering, hot, cold, hot, cold. But you get used to it.2- The rug in front of the bathroom's door was a little bit lose and had small nails uncovered (dangerous for a senior or kid, or a sleepy person going to the bathroom).The good things:1- Very very comfortable bed. Actually now that we moved to an appartment we went back to the hotel to ask the brand of the bed. (its Simmons beautyrest)2- It has the kitchenette, practical if you are staying for a long period and you don't want to spend in restaurants 3 times per day.3- It has wireless internet in the lobby. 4- The service of the ladies in the lobby was ok, you won't receive smiles everytime you go ask them something but its ok, they help you.4- Centric. But there are more hotels in the area. So this one doesn't count.So I do recommend this hotel for people staying long periods.	
Mar 26 2006 	A horrible experience	On april 2005, my friends and I went to Montreal for a meeting. The hotel made an overbook mistake. The manager and counter ladies attitudes were arrogant and had strong quarrel with us. Our travel agency communicated with them and got false information and negative response also. That's really a nightmare.	
Jan 7 2006	Bad smell there	This hotel looks nice until you open the door to your room (mine was on 14th floor, southern side). The smell was bad, the living room's coffee table was missing a leg, the working chair's bottom was smashed and had to be replaced, there was a lot of strange stains (white stains on the sofa, red stains on the lamp, vomit under the lamp's table). The windows looked like some kind of tinted film was peeling off from them. The furniture looked used and old. The refrigerator in the kitchen was a yellow oldie. We had no microwave but they brought one when we asked for it.On the plus side, the bathroom looked new and clean. The room was big enough. The inside garage is high enough for an Astro minivan (our ski rack just rubbed the garage door).	
Jan 3 2006	Great place to stay	I have stayed at La Tour Centre-Ville every year from 1996 to 2005 with the exception of 2000. In 2003, I stayed there twice. With as many trips as I've had to this hotel, I've stayed in many different rooms from 2 of the studio apartments, to 4 of the suites, to 4 of the grand suites. Each of the 10 rooms I've stayed in have been differnent (some were before the renovations in the late 90's) but they have all been clean and well kept.Pros: Location, location, location. You do not need a car if you stay here. Everything is within walking distance and the metro is very close by. For the location and size of the room, you can't beat the price. The furniture is not anything special, but it is adequate for its purpose. The beds have always been comfortable. You also get a kichenette for the price. Out of the 7 Jazz Festivals I've been to, I would have to say that this hotel has handled the large ammounts of guests and musicians with great organization. I have never had to wait for check-in or check-out. The rooms are clean. Some of them may not be sterile, but the beds and bathrooms were always clean and never freaked out my germophobe fiancee. In 2005, the Chinese restaurant came under new ownership and the food is great!Cons:This is an old building, so it is not anything like the Westin or Hilton. It's a moderate hotel that puts function above form. There is no stairway from the hotel rooms to the lobby and the elevators can take a while, but that never bothered me. One out of the 10 times I stayed there, there was some problems with the air conditioning, but that was fixed in a timely manner.I will continue to return to this hotel. When I started going there in '96, I was a poor college student and that was all I could afford. These days, I can afford a more expensive hotel, but I don't see any reason to pay more for a hotel with an inferior location.	
Oct 5 2005 	Excellent place to stay in heart of Dowtown Montreal !!!	This hotel was an excellent buy, with private bedroom, sleeper sofa, kitchenette and overall great staff. The location can’t be beat, with it’s downtown location, just steps to underground Montreal and the Metro, and a few blocks from Vieux Montreal and Chinatown. Getting to this hotel was extremely easy as well.Each room is equipped with a small kitchenette (stove, refrigerator, sink with dishpan and dishsoap, table and chairs) plus utensils, plates, coffee cups, glasses, and even wine glasses. Secure, indoor parking is offered for an additional fee. More than anything, this is in a great location... You can walk to everything from the hotel. I would definitely go back.	
Aug 11 2005	Great place to stay in downtown if you're on a budget	I went down to Montreal for a week with some friends from my University. We're students and we wanted a hotel that was affordable but clean. I felt really lucky to have found this place. This is an apartment hotel, so the suite that we got for about $94/night had two twin beds in a separate bed room, a full living room with pullout couch, a small dining room and a full furnished kitchen. We must have saved $300 that week because we didn't have to eat out all the time. There was a full grocery store right across the street. On the top floor, the &quot;penthouse level&quot; there is a laundry, meeting rooms, a pool, a weight room (male and female) and a sauna (male and female) - open for all. The location is right downtown and we could walk to the bars, chinatown, and old montreal in about 15min walk in different directions - not next door to any, but central to all these places. I went for runs by the harbour a few blocks away.We had some good parties in our hotel room with all the space, hit up the pool and sauna too. I can also see this to be a place my parents would stay at though - a lot of the people who stay here long-term in the furnished apartments are very nice middle age or older folk. If you get a top floor, the view is pretty great. There's this old beautiful church right across from us, and beyond stretched the city of montreal.This was a well-kept place and I found the hotel staff excellent and professional. The maids even cleaned our fridge, did our dishes and emptied our garbage one of the days - &quot;no way!&quot; I said when I came back. One of the guys at the desk wasn't the most outward friendly guy, but I think his suit was too stiff - and check-in was very smooth. The only thing that annoyed me were extra charges: having to pay for parking and local calls - but I still saved money because 1) parking would have been more anywhere else downtown and 2) I could cook!Yours,LDRP.S. I read the bad reviews with the good on this site. This is not a five star hotel, and I think it's good because I don't live a pampered life. I can see people who expect five luxury hilton when they show up to be sorely disappointed. I shop around for trips with a budget, and after going on many trips, this was one of the best deals I've ever found downtown in a major North American city.	
Aug 5 2005	What a Dump	We booked three rooms over 90 days in advance but when we arrived they only had two available. In order to get a crib for the room I had to go to the hotel storage and get it myself but our son did not spend any time in it because it was a deathtrap! The room was large but run down and filled with outdated furniture and applicances. There was no headboard on the bed which gave us a lovely view of the exposed electric cord for the wall lamp. The thermostat was broken and had to be fixed. The blowdryer was broken and had to be replaced. There was a thick layer of dust on the shelves in the closet and no one had cleaned under the bed for at least a month. Paint was peeling off of the walls. Hot water came out of the tap at close to boiling (ouch!). The staff was rude, incompetent and remarkably slow. Speaking of remarkably slow, we often waited in excess of 15 minutes for the elevator. There are no stairs to the lobby. There are no highchairs in the cafe. They did not inform us that there was a charge for parking so we were surprised to receive a bill when we checked out. Local phone calls cost $1.50 and must be charged to a credit card (not to the bill for the room.)Great location near St. Catherine's and Vieux Montreal but a terrible hotel.	
Jun 20 2005 	A Nice Surprise	After reading several mixed reviews we were a little worried about this place, but we actually found it a wonderful surprise!! We've stayed in several places in Montreal - this was the cheapest and it had everything we needed for our three day stay in the middle of January. The room was large, clean and comfortable, we had a great view of the city, the little kitchenette was equipped with everything we needed and it even had a pool on the top floor. Make sure to say if you are a member of CAA/AAA as you get a very good discount. It's location is good, a two minute walk to the US Embassy, and not far from Chinatown. Parking is under the hotel - great in winter. We had to cut our stay a little shorter than originally planned and had no problem cancelling the last night of our stay - we had to give 24 hours notice and didn't have to pay any cancellation fee. All in all, if you want a very reasonable, clean and well located hotel, I would definitely recommend it.	
Mar 25 2005	Great!	After living in Montreal for many years I returned with a family member a few months ago and stayed here. We stayed in a suite, with a livingroom, diningroom area, kitchen and bedroom with two beds. great price, about 160$C/night, or somewhere thereabouts. I can tell you the location is great if you want to do touristy stuff, eat good food and live the nightlife in montreal. If you're in town for a hockey game (the strike will end some day, I'm sure) or there to party, this is great too. Close to the Bell Centre and St. Laurent, enough room for lots of people, and you can prepare your own meals. If you can't walk, use the Metro system rather than drive. Its faster, closer and goes everywhere you want to go. Montreal is beautiful, so let's keep it that way by not smogging the air!I didn't talk to the staff too much, use the services or the TV. So I can't say much about all that. My parents stayed here before, too, while visiting, and they liked it. It doesn't have bugs, I didn't see any stains and no unbearable noise, either.No matter where you stay, be glad montreal exists. It is like no where else!	
Oct 18 2004	NO Customer Service skills at all	Good location and cheap. It's a pity they have no concept of Customer Service.We and and another two guests were given room sizes we had not booked-- a double bed instead of a room with two beds. No apology was given at all. One poor young man was left waiting in that crowded tiny lobby for another hour until his room was ready. Check-in time was 3:00 and he had to wait until 4:00 and the staff told him there was no room to store his luggage in the meantime. No one offered to store it in the room while it was being cleaned. When a friend tried to intervene on my behalf with the bed shortage problem, the manager basically told him to shut up. I hope foreign guests don't judge Canada or Montreal from their experience at this hotel.	
Sep 25 2004	Simply perfekt!!!!	Visiting Montreal we stayed at the LA TOUR CENTRE VILLE for 3 nights. We had a very spacious apartment: Living room with a dining area, functional kitchenette, sleeping room with comfortable bed (very good mattress), Modern and clean bathroom.There are several wall-cupboard in the apartment, so you have enough space for your clothes. Everything was very clean and suitable. The location is great, espacially if you are with a car. The hotel is easy to find and the price for a parking-lot in the garage (15 CAD each day) is low. Most Montreal attractions can be reached by feet (gorgious shopping malls - just 5 minutes away). The next subway station is less than 5 minutes away from the hotel. We really felt like home and can recomment this location to everyone!!	
Sep 23 2004	A Regular Satisfied Customer	For work reasons, I have been booking with La Tour Centre Ville about once a year for the past five years or so. Definitely, for the money that I have paid compared to other three-star accommodations, I have been very satisfied with the quality of the rooms. Some rooms have a larger seating area than others but even the smaller rooms are still a comfortable size. As far as cleanliness, I have felt quite comfortable -- on occassion I have even seen worse in more expensive hotels. As far as accessibility to important sites, the location is excellent. For those of us who count every single dollar, having a kitchenette in the room and an IGA within walking distance is a huge benefit.As in the past, I continue to recommend La Tour Centre Ville for affordable, convenient and comfortable accommodation.Neema LukumbuzyaOttawa, Ontario	
Aug 12 2004 	Had some problems	Location of the hotel is excellent and that is the only good thing about this hotel. The entire hotel has horrible smell of smoke, dust and cheapest deodorants. The entering hall is so tiny and unproportional to the number of guests staying. I was waiting 35 minutes to check in as 2 receptionists were too slow with the customers, answering incoming phones etc. I was standing in the line as there were not chairs in the hall and little appology would cheer me up. As for my room, I had large suite 206. The furniture is functional, TV is old, remote control did not work even I asked to fix it, bathroom's door can not be closed. Don't expect to enjoy the view of downtown from your room's window as they never have been cleaned, and the drapes are so filthy you don't want come closer to open the window! And yes, they clean room every day and change towels, but is't that what they supposed to do in any hotel? At the end I left hotel with the feeling I was cheated even for that &quot;reasonable&quot; price.But Montreal and Quebec were super! Enjoy.	
Aug 2 2004	Cheap rates cheap style NO charm		
Jul 3 2004	Great hotel great price!		
Jun 10 2004	perfect for the price		
Jun 3 2004	Run 		
May 30 2004	You get what you pay for		
Mar 11 2004	huge positively surprised		
Feb 25 2004	Bigger than most of my friends' apartments		
Dec 27 2003	A home from home!!		
Oct 7 2003	Good choice for cheap stay		
Jul 25 2003	Great location - nice for families...		
Oct 11 2009 	Bon rapport qualité/prix mais peut mieux faire!		
Oct 6 2009 	decrepitude et mauvais etat...loin des promesses		
Aug 24 2009 	Je n`ai jamais vu un hotel aussi dégeulace...Punaise dans le divant-lit		
Jun 29 2009 	Ordinaire		
Jan 14 2009 	?????????????????		
Nov 11 2008 	Hotel infesté		
Oct 24 2008 	Insfesté de punaises de lit		
Feb 26 2008 	Pourrait être mieux		
Feb 20 2008 	A éviter sinon une seule nuit de passage et pas plus....		
Aug 24 2007	surement luxueux dans les années 70		
Jul 29 2007	Sympa!		
