	Basically said we were liers	Stayed here for 3 nights. They were building a new parking lot and i could hear them all hours of the night on the 14th floor. Also room was not clean second night as maid forgot to clean. Did get a discount at chek out after day manager basically called us liers. Spoke with GM manager :) Breakfast is like 10.00 or more!	
Nov 10 2009 	Quiet comfortable rooms and the Hotel staff and management were helpful and kind with the loss of my iPod.	Stayed here for business travel - Friendly, helpful staff at front desk and restaurant. It was easy to get a good night's sleep because the bed/pillows are very comfortable and the rooms are quiet. Nice and clean with good location to freeways and subway station right next door. Decent pool and gym area for fitness.I am grateful for the helpful, honest and kind attitude of the hotel staff and management on how they handled my missing iPod. I reported it missing the day before I checked out and I concluded it must have happened during room cleaning, either taken or accidentally thrown out. The front desk management and, later, the hotel manager contacted me for more information and investigated the situation. They were understanding and empathetic about my loss and kind and generous in trying to recover and replace it. They said this was the first time for any kind of loss at this hotel.	
Aug 19 2009 	Not what we expected!!!	My Mom and I just got back from a wonderful holiday driving to Prince Edward Island and back and I wanted to post some information about a few of the hotels we stayed in.This was a real disappointment! We were referred by the Quebec Tourism (which is a great free service!!!), this hotel is rated as a 4 star and their review said &quot;within minutes of the Casino&quot;. Well let me tell you...a very roundabout confusing trip, a very lucky turn and 15 minutes later we found it, but this hotel SHOULD offer a shuttle service between themselves and the Casino! If I had known how hard it was to get to this hotel and the distance from the Casino I would have chosen another hotel. It took me 3 tries to find the right turn off, the right side road and the right driveway...and that was using a GPS unit!!! You can't be an inexperienced driver to manoeuvre your way around Montreal!I can say that it was clean, the people were friendly, the beds were comfortable (the best I slept in the whole trip!), and that is where it stops! There was no fridge, a TV (but you cannot plug a portable DVD player / or game system into), and private bathroom, but very outdated, no breakfast (but there is a McDonald's around the corner).	
Aug 9 2009 	great hotel and location	updated and clean rooms, great pool and gym, friendly service, subway at doorstep takes you anywhere in Montreal. would stay there again.	
Jul 28 2009 	OK experience with some negatives but it was cheap	$84 for a night through Travelocity. The hotel seemed OK from the website and reviews so I thought I'd give it a try for an overnight stay in Montreal. The front desk experience was OK, although I was sure that the Travelocity reservation mentioned a complementary continental breakfast but the front desk person said that they didn't have one. The room itself was quite worn and my wife said that the carpet was dirty. The ice machine down the hall had its front hanging on by its hinges and the dispenser was held together by what looked like caulking (probably some sort of adhesive but it certainly wasn't done with care). The pool was OK and a decent size but shallow. When leaving in the morning, they had the entrance to the front of the hotel blocked off to cars for some unknown reason so I had to circle around and re-enter through the pay parking lot (but I didn't have to pay; it was just a pain). If I had paid $120, I would have been very unhappy. At $84, I was OK. If I could have given it a 2.5 rating instead of 3, I would have. Would I recommend it to a friend, though? Not likely, although if they were very frugal, I might.	
Jun 30 2009 	Beware construction nearby.	Very disapointed, even though I didn't have high expectations, given the price point. Stayed there for 3 nights at the end of June 2009, with the family. While the location seemed convenient, being right next to the subway station and the free parking. But there is extensive construction going on nearby, which starts at 8am even on Saturdays. So if you've had some late nights out, don't plan on sleeping in too much. It woke us up even though we were on the 12th floor and had the AC working. From the looks of it the construction might take quite awhile. The service was good though, they gave us a room with 1king-bed by mistake, when we called they were able to change our room for a 2queen-beds right away. Also the hotel looked shabby from the outside, rooms and sheets smelled musty even though they we're clean. Probably from the lack of ventilation fan in the bathroom. Won't be staying there on next visit.	
May 27 2009 	Disappointed	My husband and I were really disappointed with this hotel. When we were driving up to it we thought our GPS had lead us astray. It's not near anything of interest. We found the rooms to be a little shabby (there were floor tiles duct taped together in the lobby and an unfixed hole in the ceiling of our bathroom). Yes, the free parking was nice, and the Metro station couldn't be any closer, but we found the Metro to be somewhat of an inconvenience. The places we wanted to go to all required a transfer, which meant waiting for two separate trains and having to navigate through Montreal's huge Metro stations (they're like mini airports, seriously). Plus, for the two of us to ride the Metro to the city and back twice probably would have cost us the same as if we'd paid for parking somewhere in the city, and we would have wasted a lot less time.	
May 27 2009 	good location	Chose this hotel due to location next to a metro station.Hotel was clean and tidy, reception was always very helpful, no safe deposit boxes in rooms, but more than happy to sort one out at reception. Swimming pool and gym both very quiet, small but functional.Best tip, get yourself to Reubens for a fantastic lunch (deli sarnies etc) fabulous value for money.Ate in the hotel first night due to long flight, pizza and beer were ok, but probably twice the price of outside, but that's not unusual in hotels.All in all a good hotel for our purposes.	
Feb 27 2009 	Very nice accomodations next to a metro station	We were very pleased with our room on the 9th floor. It was winter, and the convenience of the Metro station right next door was a prime reason we stayed there. Leave the front door and enter the Metro station, and the city is only minutes away. Free parking is a major plus.	
Dec 30 2008 	pleasant location	Near an amusement park.Not in the the center city of Montreal but a simple metro to Montreal.Enjoy the breakfast at Tim Horton's in the metro station.They speak english here.I had a double, it was good.	
Dec 9 2008 	no so good  too far from the city	I didnt like this hotel at all , it was far from the city . our room wasnt clean and was smelly . stay away!!	
Oct 14 2008 	Terrific place to stay	Everything about the Sandman was wonderful-clean, spacious rooms. Staff extremely helpful and reception desk English-speaking. Location next to metro station very convenient. (We never drove our car for the 3 days were were there.) We would recommend this hotel to anyone-great value for the money.	
Sep 30 2008	Nice modern hote excellent rooms not the best location	This is a modern hotel, with good facilities- swiming pool, quality restuarant, and bar. Restaurant has above average price, service not great, but set meal worth trying. The rooms are above average size, clean and comfortable. The only let down is the location, it is a few subway stops out of the centre. We were with a tour group and got back from sight seeing very late most nights, which meant we either had to eat in the restuarant or get on the subway to find food, as there is only fast food available nearby. But if location is not an issue for you, then I would recommend this for the price.	
Sep 22 2008 	Sandman was great!	We went to Montreal for my boyfriends birthday and had a great experience at the Sandman. It's a beautiful hotel that is clean and convenient. A little less expensive than right in the city which was great! It was convenient having the subway right next door.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great Value	We stayed in a Queen room (2 queens, tv, bathroom, no fridge) for $87 a night ($100 with tax) off of a web deal on expedia.The front desk was very helpful, and kind, printing out directions to anywhere we needed to go, and routing us through the subway system. It's a toss up - we stayed there b/c it was cheap, had free parking, and was rated high on tripadvisor (meaning it was clean, service was good, and there weren't any glaring objections to it. It even has a pool and gym). It was outside of the city though.To tell you the truth, many attractions were easier to get to by car, so it's not such a big deal in terms of getting to places, and with that you have the subway nextdoor. But you're not in the heart of the city at all, if that's important to you (please see the price we paid above to determine if it's important to you).The place was a steal for the price, for what it offered. It's a good hotel, yeah a little old, and not so so pretty on the outside, but absolutely fine on the inside and the amenitites were fine (as opposed to glamorous).Stay here if you're looking for comfort on a budget, and you don't mind being 15 min. from the city, and taking a subway (or as I call it, a language barrier).	
Aug 26 2008 	Good value	We found the Sandman to be a good value. The averaged-sized rooms are clean, but nothing to get excited about - just two beds, a standard bathroom, a fridge, and a desk. The pool was quite nice, and the exercise room was sufficient to get in a weightlifting and aerobic workout. The front desk and dining room staffs were very pleasant. The Sandman is somewhat in the middle of nowhere, but a subway entrance is right next door, making it easy to get into Montreal.	
Aug 12 2008 	Great hotel!	Stayed here with a large tour group. We were here the night of Canada day so we caught a train(right next door) to town to watch the celebrations and back again. The room was nice and clean and very big.Staff were friendly and it is easy to get around!	
Jul 14 2008 	Great budget hotel for families	This was our 2nd stay and again it was good. The first time we found the level of the noise coming from the highway too high, so this time we requested a room on the metro side. Unfortunately, it was still noisy. We could hear other guests coming in and out of their room and the beep of the elevator.Overall, it is nice, a little old, but clean. I recommend it to families you want to visit Montréal. The pool is CROWDED but nice.	
Jul 10 2008 	Good Hotel	Had an good stay when we visited Montreal in the long weekend. Very close to downtown and La Ronde.Washrooms did not have fan in there which make them stink all the time. The worst thing was that they have placed the coffee maker in the washroom.	
Jul 9 2008 	Good value reasonable location	We asked for the CAA rate and stayed for $105 a night, a good rate for this hotel in July. This hotel is outside Montreal, but the metro station is immediately below the hotel which makes it an attractive place to stay outside the more expensive Montreal core area. The one factor to consider is the closing time for the metro and whether you will need to stay downtown Montreal past that time.Driving to the hotel location was relatively easy, as it is close to the Jacques-Cartier BridgeThe standard hotel room was clean, everything was in working order. We did not have any problem with our stay other than one burned out lamp. The ice machine on our floor was out of order, but everything else we encountered was fine. Average to above average hotel.	
Jun 14 2008 	Sandman was superb!	Having read the reviews we decided on Sandman for our 4 night stay to visit Canadian Grand Prix. While these reviews accurately described the absolute comfort and cleanliness of the rooms and quality and variety of the meals, we were most pleasantly surprised with the nearness to the Metro Station for mainly access to all of Montreal by Metro but also quality of shops within the Metro station, especially the grocery shop where we could have quite happily bought 1st class food items from chill cabinet and lovely beers and wines from shelves and chillers. We spoke to other holidaymakers staying in downtown Montreal who were having problems with noise etc...we had none of this, plus we had views of the island and river, an excellent location which we could honestly recommend to everyone!	
May 27 2008 	Excellent overall value	We just spent a week's vacation in Montreal and were really glad we chose the Sandman. It's right across the street from the Longueuil Metro station, putting you only 2 stops away from the center of town. If you stay out after the Metro shuts down, the hotel is right over the river from Montreal, so the cab ride prices were reasonable.  The hotel staff were very friendly, helpful and fluent in English. The room was clean and comfortable, but the beds may be a bit hard for some. When the bathroom light went out, maintenance was there within 15 min to fix it. The indoor pool was clean but shallow. There is a small fitness area with weight machines, 2 treadmills and 1 stationary bike.Overall, we were very pleased and will stay there again.	
May 26 2008 	Excellent Hotel good value and close to Metro.	Excellent Hotel. Everything we wanted. Very clean, tidy, nice Bar, Restaurant area (had a nice breakfast buffet), good indoor Swimming Pool, Carpark (free) and well situated for the Tube to Montreal's city centre. We booked our room on the Internet, a few weeks earlier, with no problems. We flew in from England (UK) to Boston and drove over the USA/Canada border to Montreal. As we drove into Longueuil we had problems finding this Hotel. Perhaps we were getting tired after such a long journey or the map from The Sandman's Web Page was lacking detail, a bit of both I suspect, as we got lost a number of times in the surrounding Hotel's area. So if you're a lousy driver like us, get plenty of Maps of the area printed off first. This is just a minor moan/detail and hope it does not detract from the splendid Hotel. On arrival we were greeted by very friendly and helpful Reception Staff. The one Lady even helped me make an international phone call home to England using their public phones in the reception area. I failed miserably with all the Codes and Language barrier, but she took the time to sort out this problem and my connection was made. I've stayed at other Hotels and asked for similar help and they will not get involved....so, well done that lady! The Sandman Hotel was a good choice and would use (and recommend) this Hotel again on our next visit to Montreal.	
Apr 10 2008 	Unbeatable Value!	Excellent location directly next door to Metro station. A quick 10-minute train ride to downtown. Free parking for hotel guests and accessibility to transit across the street made for easy travels all over Montreal downtown.Apart from the location, this hotel has AMAZING value! It might not be downtown, but it is quick and easy and almost half the price! We paid $100 CAD a night and similar 3.5 star hotels downtown were charging upwards of $160. Indoor pool and hot tub were great and breakfast buffet (although very busy) offers a great selection and price. Front desk staff helpful and courteous. Will return anytime!!	
Mar 9 2008 	Nice 3 star	We had a one-night stay, en-route to the States. The Staff at Reception are most helpful &amp; friendly. The hotel is clean. Rooms &amp; bathrooms adequate. Beds comfortable. Nice &amp; quiet on the Sunday night that we stayed. The pool &amp; sauna we had to ourselves on Monday morning. Location is excellent proximity to major highways. We would definitely consider Sandman Longueuil for a stop-over again. Excellent value for the money...we had booked on-line with Sandman's own web-page for $85 prepaid a couple of weeks in advance. Parking was free.	
Jan 20 2008 	Nice hotel	I stayed three nights in Sandman-Longueuil. The rooms are nice and clean, there was a telephone and an RJ-45 plug for internet access in my room. The heater / air conditioner is a little bit too loud and starts and stops automatically. It is hard to adjust temperature, it does not maintain a set temperature very well, but otherwise the location is good and the price is very reasonable. Staff is friendly, corridors are clean, not too many people and it was pretty quiet. The best part about this hotel is that it is within 3 minutes walking distance to &quot;Longueuil&quot; Metro station. There isn't too many dining places within walking distance, though. There is free parking outside, which is nice, but no lunch was included in price. The bathroom is pretty clean, water is hot. It takes about 20 minutes to reach Downtown Montreal from this hotel, so I can say, it is conveniently located, even though it is on the other side of the river. It is pretty safe there, I believe, doors are good and are opened by magnetic swipe-cards. I definitely recommend this hotel, although it is not extremely romantic....	
Dec 31 2007 	Great Place to Stay!	I go to Montreal quite a bit with friends for long weekends. I have stayed in many hotels down town and have stayed a the Sandman 3-4 times. Overall, I think the sandman is the best value and place to stay. Many of the hotels right in the city are double the price and not as clean. The Sandman is very clean is is located right outside of a metro stop. We usually take the Metro into town for a night out and then get a taxi back to the hotel. The taxi usually costs about $20 canadian dollars. Even when I stay right in the city I end up taking a taxi at night so it is not that big of a deal. I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Montreal!	
Dec 19 2007 	You Have to Consider this Hotel for your Montreal stay	This October, as the leaves are changing color in beautiful Montreal and Quebec, I stayed at this hotel for the second time...and I will keep coming back. (This was my 7th time in Montreal).The most compelling reason to stay here is the exceptional location that, while not in the Montreal city limits, is IMMEDIATELY across the important Jacques Cartier Bridge so Montreal is 5 minutes away by car or, if you want to use the Metro, the terminus on the &quot;South Shore&quot; is across the parking lot from the hotel and it will also have you at the main &quot;Berri-UQAM&quot; stop in 5 minutes.There are other reasons as well. This used to be a Radisson property so the standards are high in terms of creature comforts. Because it is in Longueuil, on the &quot;South Shore,&quot; the prices are much more competitive. The rooms are super comfortable with a sitting area adjacent to the floor-to-ceiling windows. From my sofa, I was able to sit, read the paper and look at the Jacques Cartier Bridge with Montreal's skyline behind it. The staff has real &quot;joie de vivre,&quot; that Quebecois exuberance that was so incredibly pleasant, exemplified by each staff member and in both visits. They were extremely enthusiastic about helping me and making sure I was satisfied with my requests or questions.Other bonuses: a free of charge business area and free parking for guests (try finding that in Centre-Ville Montreal !)...I did not partake in the food offerings as there was no breakfast included, but at $ 105 CDN, I can't complain given that I received 4-star accommodations. Also, the gym and pool always seemed so lonely that I chose not to use them and go to places in the area that were better attended.This hotel might be overlooked because it doesn't come up under Montreal or is under a special heading. I am a good sleuth and found it by seeing the Radisson sign (when it was a Radisson) next to the Metro Terminus complex as I was crossing the Jacques Cartier Bridge in my rental car several years back. I'm glad I took notice. I recommend it.	
Oct 1 2007 	Sandman was great	I loved our stay at the Sandman. We would definitely stay again. Very friendly and helpful staff. Just mention that you would like internet and they give you a cable modem free of charge.The metro was very convenient and made everything very close. It was a little tricky getting from the airport to the metro. If you take a cab it will be expensive, the bus will work but make sure you get directions from someone, we used the info phone in the airport to get directions. Here is a very good write up on how to use the bus to get to the metro:[--]	
Aug 21 2007	good value	excellent location - right next to metro station. very clean room. and we had a great view of Montreal from 17th floor room.	
Aug 9 2007	Not impressed at all	Had an OK stay when we visited Montreal in the long weekend. Beddings were quite old. Washrooms did not have fan in there which make them stink all the time. The worst thing was that they have placed the coffee maker in the washroom. I will never stay in this hotel again. They say its 4 star but according to my experience, it barely makes upto 2 star. Had MUCH pleasant stay ay Novotel Aeroport.	
Jul 13 2007	All you could ask for	Clean, average sized room. Clean pool and workout room. Internet access worked but was a bit weak. Very friendly and helpful staff. Book through Expedia and it will be cheaper than going through the hotel.	
Jun 20 2007 	Above Average	Every year we stay at this hotel. I just found out about tripadvisor not all that long ago, so I decided to post a review this year. If you are going to Canada for Grand Prix weekend this hotel is excellent. The metro station is right outside of this hotel which makes it very conveinent. The staff is wonderful. They are always smiling and always helpful. The pool is a decent size and there is a nice sitting area outside of the pool. Grand Prix weekend the breakfast buffet is included in the cost and the food is GREAT! My fiance just loves it. It is one of his favorite parts of our stay there. The rooms are a decent size. They have king beds, sofas, beautiful views, nice tv's, ironing boards, hair dryers, closets, and even a mini fridge. We love this place.	
Mar 22 2007 	It is a roof-over-your-head....	I will start with a good point... The hotel is nowhere near downtown, but it is directly beside the Metro. The Metro is very easy to use thank goodness, because a taxi ride from downtown to the hotel is approximately $20 CAD.The beds and bedding are not the finest, our tap in the washroom would not turn off unless you wriggled it and turned it upside down... The air conditioner near the window, when on, would blow at your head when sitting at the desk... helpful if you have forgotten your hairdryer...I was sharing 2 connecting rooms with my family (total of 7 of us), and there were no fans in the washrooms... yes, I can't believe there were no fans to whisk away the humidity of the shower, and other things which I will not write about... (i thought fans in washrooms were some sort of standard? maybe I am wrong) but I ended up fanning the room using our door to the hallway...The lighting in the washrooms made me look like a zombie, and there were many many problems with getting the in-room internet to work properly... some of my friends on the 8th floor couln't get theirs to work at all and had to use the business lounge near the lobby... And as for the elevators... They were so PAINFULLY slow that I ended up getting frustrated each and every time, and I just took the stairs instead, high-heeled-shoes or no...The ONLY redeeming quality were the 2 or 3 young and friendly staff. One young gentleman took it upon himself to seek out the only corkscrew in the whole hotel, which I think was kept in a safe somewhere... and he finally did find it, and helped me to open my bottle of wine that I could drown my miseries in...To me, this hotel was a roof-over-my-head, and lived up to it's 3-star rating. When returning to Montreal I will try a downtown location and hope for the best...	
Oct 17 2006 	Excellant Choice	This Hotel was excellent. From the minute we walked in the door, the bi-linguel staff could not help us enough. This is the first Hotel we have stayed in on this trip that has not had free internet in the room, but I would say that this is the best hotel we have stayed in so far, half way thru our 21 day tour. The room was well presented and clean, the desk staff were very helpful when asked the routine &quot;tourist&quot; questions, the restaurant staff were very pleasant and the food was excellent. The hotel is located accross the road from a subway station making the location very convenient as you can be in the centre of town in a few minutes. The internet is available in a business centre where you can use their computer or connect your own. Public phones are available in the foyer if you wish to avoid the $1.00 surcharge for all phone calls made from the room. The only bad point is the road noise that you can hear from the freeway and we were on the 16th level, but it certainly was not loud enough to bother us at night. I would certainly stay here again and recommend it to anyone.	
Oct 12 2006 	good buy	We stayed there for two nights and it was nice especially the the price we got online. Location is good you might take metro to go almost everywhere in town. The metro station is just across the road and actually the hotel parking lot is the metro parking!	
Oct 11 2006 	Superb Sandman	Some bad reviews state &quot; i did not know they spoke french?&quot; Like me you should know montreal is populated mostly by french canadians, whom are very friendly and courteous. The Sandman Longueuil is a fantastic hotel, the room was spacious and modern. we was on the 12th Floor overlooking the st lawrence river &amp; olympic tower in Montreal. The only criticism I have about our room is that they did not provide us with any spoons to stir coffee/tea - all we had was plastic sticks ! The Hotel was literally next door to the metro station which was only 1 stop away from Montreal centre, now that's convienient ! I Parking is free at the Hotel and easy to get to from any direction on the interstate. I would definately stay here again.	
Oct 11 2006 	Average Hotel but Good Price	Got a great price from Expedia for a three night stay however visitors should be aware that this is primarily a business hotel and also used by large coach parties.The Sandman is classed as a four star according to the name plate outside however I would definately put this as a three star for rooms and facilites which are bog standard Novotel style rooms which need updating. The staff however were cheerful and helpful.If I visited Montreal again I would definately pay a little extra to stay in the Old Town as the suburb of Longueuil, where the hotel is situated, is on the end of a branch line of the Metro so you have to travel to a hub station before going anywhere within the main city - saying that the Metro was clean and efficient.	
Oct 5 2006 	Great stay at the Sandman	After a horrible day of driving and the realization that the attraction we had just driven six hours to visit [the nearby La Ronde amusement park] was CLOSED due to poor weather, we checked into the Sandman ready for some drying off and sleeping.The hotel has a great location, as has been pointed out in previous reviews. A METRO subway station is right outside, leading to downtown Montreal. Parking is free, as well, so the cost to get downtown is minimal. The proximity to La Ronde can't be beat, it's less than a five minute drive from La Ronde and Parc Jean Drapeau.We paid under $90 Canadian per night in late August, easily the cheapest three-star location that I came across in my searches. Location to restaurants leaves a bit to be desired [a large strip of restaurants is about a ten minute drive away], however the hotel does feature an in-house restaurant and bar, which we did not dine at. Prices are very high, however.Room was clean and comfortable, and the staff was friendly. I'd definately recommend this location to anyone.	
Oct 4 2006 	very helpful staff	Our first time to Montreal, and the staff couldn't have been more helful. Booked our tours, explained the metro, and gave excellent recommendations for good, reasonable restaurants. The Metro is right beside the hotel and very convenient. We were pleasantly surprised by the quality of the hotel's restaurant.Had a very good dinner there late on a Saturday night.The hotel is maintained well. Only complaint; they could stock more English language papers in the lobby. Would use this hotel again.	
Aug 30 2006 	Best value after all	My wife and I stayed there two nights in mid August, during a road trip USA-Canada-USA. I reserved my room in July through the hotel's website and catched a special offer at 99 CDN per night plus taxes. As far as I can remember, the offer also included the breakfast, however the confirmation e-mail just mentioned &quot;hot deal&quot; in the conditions. When we arrived at the hotel, we were assigned a spacious and clean double-bed room as expected, but we were told that the breakfast was excluded from the rate. When I tried to check back the website, some days after, the offer was no longer present on the website.Despite this inconvenience and the need fot some external renovations, I must award this hotel with the best price/quality ratio of all hotels we visited during our trip to Boston, Ottawa, Toronto, Niagara Falls, Geneva and New York.We were able to keep our car in the (complimentary) parking lot during all our stay and move with the subway, which is literally on the other side of the road and offers connections to the city centre and the &quot;Plateau&quot; neighborhood. We just used the car to visit Mont Royal and the Olympic Stadium.I would definitely recommend this hotel, unless you want to stay to a location very close to the city centre.	
Aug 27 2006 	not impressed	First of all be awere that Montreal is a mostly French spoken city.The Hotel we stayed at charged us $18CA for internett access. We stayed at 3 other Sandmans and it was free. Room does not have a fridge and is in need of a revamp. Bathroom was tiny could not close the door and use the toilet. The train station near by only had stairs and carrying cases made it very difficult	
Aug 27 2006 	Great hotel	Stayed for 3 nights with 2 teenagers. Metro right next door (2 stops to Old Montreal). Comfortable, clean good sized rooms with great views - excellent price through expedia. Lovely, good sized pool and gym area. Very friendly, helpful staff. Free carpark. Great base to see Montreal.	
Aug 22 2006 	A Solid and Affordable Hotel	My wife and I both agree that the Sandman is a great hotel for anyone who wants a decent hotel at a decent price, nearby Montreal.The staff was friendly. The hotel stuck by our reservation with no surprises. They bumped us up to a king sized room on arrival, instead of two queens. This gave us a comfy couch, coffe table, and plush chair to enjoy the view out the window. Our room was spotless. The bathroom was extremely clean with much room.It only takes you thirty seconds to walk from the hotel to the metro. In the metro building are some stores, fast food restaurants, and a small grocery story.Our only dissapointment was the breakfast buffet. Though it included pancakes, bacon, breads, cereal, and fruit - it seemed rather bland and not worth the money. If you can wait, go elsewhere for breakfast. Be warned, there are not many choices within the hotel vicinity to dine. Part of enjoying Montreal is choosing where you are going to eat. Hop on the metro, and within 15 minutes you can start your adventure.	
Aug 19 2006	Good hotel GREAT VIEW - good value for money	Your standard room, King with a fold out couch. GREAT VIEW of Montreal. 100ft from the metro. Used metro and left car in lot. Parking was free. My son enjoyed the pool and exercise room. Very handy, McD's in the train station, and a grocery shop with sandwiches and the like. Stayed 2 nights, would use again.	
Aug 8 2006	Great place for the money	This hotel was comfortable - just steps from the subway - easy to get in and out of the city. Taxi costs about $40 to the airport from the Sandman. Staff was friendly and helpful. We stayed on the 16th floor with a view of Montreal. They have a pool and fitness room. They have free internet access available, a place to eat, also close to McCafe for those requiring that type of thing. All in all, I'd stay there again.	
Jul 9 2006	Nice Hotel		
May 12 2006	booked on line excellent deal friendly staff		
Apr 3 2006 	Excellent and Reasonable		
Feb 26 2006	Great Times		
Oct 6 2005	Sandman Longueuille is the BEST!		
Aug 23 2005	Convenient clean and relatively innexpensive		
Jul 22 2005	We Enjoyed Our Stay At The Sandman in Montreal		
Mar 29 2005	There is nothing bad about it but nothing great either		
Nov 18 2003	Exceptional service at Sandman Longueuil		
Jul 30 2003	Very close to Metro (but nothing else)		
Aug 24 2009 	Très pratique		
Apr 2 2009 	quelconque		
Mar 29 2009 	ordinaire mais tellement bien situé...		
Sep 7 2008 	?????????????		
Jun 7 2008 	super on y retournera		
May 15 2008 	Peut-être est-ce un oubli ?		
Feb 23 2007 	L'ami des sports mais attention à votre auto!		
