Nov 3 2009 	Fantastic!!!	We enjoyed this hotel so much, I included it in my Blog encouraging readders to try it out;Great value plus plus. We had a family get together.	
Mar 31 2009 	Quirky Montreal hotel	Perhaps not the obvious choice for a Montreal hotel but it actually proved a perfect base for a brief stay in the city. It doesn't look like a hotel from the outside (though the guide book which called it the ugliest building in town was way off the mark). In fact it looks like a trendy office block on the outside, and its reception/foyer area wouldn't be out of place in a trendy ad agency. The (few) staff are incrediby young and incredibly attentive, preumably most are students at the Institute. The room was well equipped and all have small balconies with good views over the city. The bathrooms are admittedly quite small but perfectly adequate. A good buffet breakfast including waitress-delivered hot food was included. Although not downtown it's located in one of the tendiest areas of the city close to countless great bars and restaurants.	
Oct 31 2008 	Good location and good restaurant	We were on a road trip through Quebec and were recommended this hotel on short notice. You can walk into town in about 15+ minutes. Subway nearby. The rooms are modern with secure locks and balconies, some with fair views. The hallways are wide enough you could drive a car down them. There is active securtiy personnel monitoring a very long lobby that connects the hotel to a restaurant on the ground floor. You can park your car in a garage with an automatic door that has elevator access to your rooms floor - it was not cheap; parking cost about $20/day but I thought worth it for our peace of mind the first time in this city. The beds were comfortable and the bath roomy, clean and modern. We were very happy with this choice.The hotel is a school and run by students and I think they do a very good job. The attached restaurant is also a school and that was the most pleasant surprise. They have a daily menu for dinner that was (for us) a six course meal for what we considered an absolute bargain. Even if you don't stay here, you should check out the restaurant. The atmosphere is a bit cool, almost as if you're in a cafeteria or conference center, but the food and service are excellent. It;s in a mixed use neighborhood with shops, office buildings, apartment buildings and restaurants; a little gritty in some corners but overall quite acceptable. We walked downtown to see some of the artists during the Jazz Festival, but there is a subway stop right nearby as well so you can around the whole city easily. We found this to be an excellent overall value, in a good location and one of the highlights of our trip. We would recommend it highly to anyone.	
Jan 14 2008 	Adequate Accommodations but lacking in customer service...	This is a reasonably-priced, comfortable hotel that is very conveniently located near Sherbrooke metro station.The room (one queen bed with private bath and a small balcony) was clean. However, if you stay here, be warned that there is next to no customer service. When I called the reception to ask for extra towels, I was told &quot;you were supposed to have them in the room, no?&quot; I was not even transferred to housekeeping and the reception attendant rudely hung up the phone. In the end, I had to call housekeeping myself.Also, if you stay here, I would advise skipping the breakfast. I waited for an hour for food only to be told that because of some kind of 'problem' in the kitchen they were unable to make a crepe. At this point, I was so frustrated I cancelled the order, only to be given no apology or compensation.	
Oct 16 2007	Wholly inadequate conduct	Unfortunately we never got the chance to see the rooms of this hotel due to their clear mistake taking our reservation. I was initially impressed by there quick response to E-mails but on our arrival found they had made a reservation for September rather than October. Having travelled up from Toronto with visiting friends and children we were then told there were no rooms available and recommended a &quot;similar hotel' just down the road. This turned out to be no more than a hostel and clearly not equivalent. I did receive an E-mail apology on my return home and the offer of a 40% discounted room rate to be used before the end of the year......a response I felt was quite inadequate for our inconvenience. A disheartening experience to start our Montreal trip saved by the Marriot and some nice French wine!Duncan Hogg	
Jul 23 2007 	Very nice stay in the Institute	Just two blocks off of the Quartier Latin located it is very close to the action yet far enough to get a good nights sleep. I loved the modern interior. The very clean room was in the top floor facing north. Very good 2 queen size beds. The breakfeast in the morning was great and included. Parking is pretty steep ($18 per day) plus the $150 for the double bed 1 room is also not the cheapest. The staff was very helpful and friendly.	
Oct 3 2005	Great place great location	Stayed here for 3 nights in mid-September. It's staffed by students, with some professional (non-student) staff as well. Great service, everyone very helpful and pleasant. Good room, great bed (but very hard pillows!). The rooms have small balconies; ours had a view of Mont Royal itself. I think some rooms are handicapped-accessible. Parking is available for $15CD/day, charged to your room; breakfast is included in the restaurant downstairs. Very slow breakfast service! That's my only complaint. Husband loved it. Great location, close to everything, a subway stop right behind the hotel. Give it a try.	
Aug 25 2005	The Only Room in Town Turned Out to Be Just Fine	My husband and I rarely book hotels in advance when we travel because we like to keep a loose itinerary. We do, though, make up a list of about 10 local hotels in priority order and call them one by one when we arrive in town. This plan has never backfired on us EXCEPT when we stayed in Montreal. We had the unfortunate timing of arriving during Pierre Trudeau's funeral, which was being held there, and everything was sold out that we tried. Desperate, I asked for a recommendation from the last place I called about who might have a room left. I was advised to call Hotel de L'Institut. Between its &quot;last to be picked for the team&quot; status and its role in training hospitality students, you can imagine that my expectations were low when we arrived at the hotel.Turns out it was a perfectly pleasant experience. The room was clean, nicely appointed and sunny. The hotel is elegant, the service was good and we didn't even get gouged for our dilemna (about $95 per night, if memory serves). I would stay there again - even if there are other rooms available next time!	
Feb 16 2004	Great place; great location	My wife and I have gone to l'Institut for many years (before recent remodeling). A very, very decent hotel and manageable proportions...really excellent sit-down breakfast...and a great location in the French district with lots of young, vibrant, people about. Very close to METRO and all the transit links. We'll go again.	
Feb 26 2008 	Quelle salle de bain!		
