Nov 13 2009 	Not a bad hotel and the location is pretty good	I was pleasantly surprised by the look of the lobby when my wife and I checked-in. After reading other reviews I was a bit worried, especially about the parking situation. We ended up paying an extra $2 a day to park in the same lot as the police station so that we didn’t have to worry about the car. (Thankfully because of other reviews for this hotel I took out rental insurance because our car was hit in Toronto). Other than that, our room was decent and the location wasn’t bad. The hotel is a few blocks away from Old Montreal and very close to a subway stop to take you anywhere else.Overall I was happy with this hotel because of the deal ($79) I got on it per night.	
Nov 9 2009 	close to all amenities	I just got back from 3 days in Montreal, was my first time there and I tell you I want to move there!. Days Inn is right down the street from Old MOntreal you can;t beat it. I'm glad I chose this hotel for it's location I can't beleive that it was only a 15 min walk. The staff were so friendly, I'm glad that I don't take some of these reveiws to heart I would not end up going anywhere. I don't speak french but ppl in the city and the hotel were more than accomodating. The staff in the resturant were so friendly room service was prompt. Food delicious. I had the room that has the sofa. I didn't need it but for the same amount of money it gave me space to move around. It has a fridge so I was able to store drinks and yogurts for my morning routine. It was inexpensive, freed up my bank account for other things lol..(shopping) All in all I will go back. If you want bells and whistles, frou frou, than go to the Ritz if youwant a place to hang your hat and rest your head and be close to Old Montreal this is your place.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great hotel good service good location	I'd stayed at the Days Inn in NYC so thought it would be a safe bet in a city I hadn't been to before.It's quite a new build so spotlessly clean. The service was great - whatever you need just ask. Nothing is too much trouble.Location is good too, 1 block from St Catherines and about 10 mins to the main underground shops. 10 mins to old Montreal too and 2 mins to China Town. Also 10 mins walk to Bus station or about $7 in cab.All good	
Nov 2 2009 	Visit of physicians congress	Good situation by chinatown and old french town, near from downtown.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great Stay at a Reasonable Price	This was our second stay at the Days Inn on Rene Levesque and better than the first. The staff were professional and the room quite clean. This hotel is well situated, being very close to the winding streets and museums of Old Montreal. It is also close to St. Denis/UQAM/Latin Quartier and is just a ten minute walk, give or take, from the Museum of Contemporary Art and shopping areas on St. Catherine. If you want a very busy tourist area to be right at your doorstep, choose another hotel, but if you don't mind a brief walk in this beautiful, very walkable city and you want to save money, this is a great place to stay. The restaurant attached is pretty good and all of the staff, both in the hotel and the resto were friendly and helpful. We will stay here again, for sure.	
Sep 15 2009 	Good stay but location isn't the best	Stayed at the Days Inn Montreal while visiting the city to watch a couple of Habs games. It was our first time in the city so we didn' t know what to expect in terms of getting around the city. We knew the hotel was a fair distance from the Bell Centre/downtown but booked anyway mostly due to price.The hotel was clean and staff friendly upon arrival and throughout our stay. They assisted us with questions regarding directions and local sights. The rooms were average, nothing spectacular but we had stayed in a few Days Inn's over the years and didn't expect luxury. Rooms weren't noisy and elevators were good. The hotel is located about a 10 minute walk from the Metro, which will quickly take you to the Bell Centre and downtown shopping. We found there were also lots of taxi's as well. Old Montreal was about a 15-20 minute walk and China Town was about 5 minutes. Lots to see and do in both places.Biggest drawback is the location, with limited restaurants close by. We walked from the metro after games to the hotel and felt safe. Restaurant in lobby was good and we ordered room service as well which was great.	
Aug 22 2009 	Essence of Montreal	I never write reviews for hotels because they all seem the same to me. Some are more grand than others, but the service is always the same old plastic experience. This Days Inn deserves praise not because it's building is unique, nor does it have any more amenities than others, it was cleaner than other hotels I've stayed at, the decor in better taste and the little restaurant/bar had a lovely little outdoor sidewalk terrace, but I still wouldn't have taken the time to write about it. I'm writing about this one because of the people inside her that made my visit to Montreal extraordinary. The Days Inn Downtown Montreal is in a great location with easy access to everything, very clean, with pleasant decor, exceptional service, at an affordable price – and that's just in the lobby. On this short trip, I made no reservation and just spontaneously left home for Montreal with my 2 teenagers. Check-in was unusually efficient and we quickly found ourselves in a pleasant room. The day after I arrived, an unforeseen personal problem came up and didn’t know where to turn for help. Now, I’m no stranger to hotels. I’ve traveled throughout the US, Canada and Europe. I was a Hotel Admin major in college. I’ve worked in small and very large hotels, I know what they normally will and will not do for a guest. I imagined the manager here to be just another corporate suit like all others with a smile and a policy reason not to deviate from the normal, but I was very wrong. Through my little crisis, I discovered Oliver Michaud - Directeur de la Reception of the Days Inn. It was not his responsibility to help me. It was entirely my problem. Regardless, he went far out of his way to help me find an intelligent solution and to ensure that our trip to Montreal was comfortable, stress-free and thoroughly enjoyable. Frankly, I was shocked. I didn’t think this caliber of hotel service still existed anywhere! Additionally, the efficiency of the front desk staff (thanks Simon), the non-intrusive housekeeping staff, the delicious food and friendly service from the team at the attached Allegro Restaurant (thanks Jeff and Joyce), and Mr. Ip (the hotel owner)– all helped to make our visit to Montreal go from being a potential disaster to one of the most enjoyable. I’m so lucky! I got a quick 2 day vacation this year and I happened to randomly wander into the caring arms of a hotel whose people made me feel I’d found good friends, rather than just visited another chain hotel somewhere in the world. What a pleasant surprise!TIME: 2 daysHOTEL: The Days Inn lobby was very clean, and decor very well chosen in good taste. Check-in was quick and easy with an efficient and friendly staff.The indoor parking was full, so like other Trip Advisor reviewers, I too had to park behind the hotel at the cost of $12 CAN – much less expensive than other hotels/cities (Boston - $35 USD per night). The parking lot is shared with the police department next door, but even so, when in a big city it’s common sense to remove valuables from your car. Don’t be stupid.Our room (618) was clean, 2 Q beds- no bed bugs (found even in the best of hotels in New York or Boston), and again nicely chosen fabric décor, tv, small fridge, desk with a chair, free wireless internet (ask the front desk for the smtp info), phone – I think they still charge $1.5 for outside calls from the room, but there are 2 pay phones in the lobby near the elevators, a small comfy chair, a really nice iron, a view of the rue Hotel de-Ville - including the sunset off to the right and of course a clean bathroom en suite with perfect water presssure and waterpik showerhead. The room was smallish, but not uncomfortably small. Unfortunately the windows don't open to get some fresh air (yes, the air in Montreal is fresh), but the air conditioner did a very good job at keeping the air fresh and the temperature comfortable. There is no smoking in the hotel, but you can enjoy some coffee or a cocktail with (or without) a cigarette on the Allegro’s open-air terrace, and since the hotel is relatively compact, getting outside is quick and easy with no reason to stink up the room you're going to sleep in with a stale cigarette smell. In fact, it was something I noticed immediately upon entering my room - that it didn't smell hotel-ish or like cigarettes or anything at all. It just smelled clean and nice. RESTAURANT: The next morning we had a delicious breakfast of eggs, fruit, crepes and the always tasty bacon on the open-air terrace of Allegro which is within/attached to the hotel. They also offer a breakfast buffet in the hotel for under $10 CAN but we wanted to eat outside. At Allegro &amp; Days Inn they keep the sidewalk and street area clean, and the little tables &amp; chairs make a very pleasant place to sit and eat while watching people go by on foot, on bicycles, scooters and cars. Jeff and Joyce attended to us, and both offered very pleasant service, making sure that our experience was enjoyable with no pressure at all. Allegro serves all meals and cocktails so I imagine it would have been nice to sit and enjoy an evening cocktail on the terrace as well, but I didn't make the time to do so.LOCATION: This Days Inn sits on the corner of boulevard René-Lévesque Est and rue Hôtel-de-ville. It has easy access to many places I'm sure, but I only went to 2 places as noted below due to time constraints. I saw no unsavory activity and felt safe to walk everywhere in the area with my children. Old Town (Vieux Montreal): From the inn's front door you can walk directly across the rue (road) Rene-Levesque onto the rue Hotel de-Ville and it is a 5 minute, safe, beeline walk down to the Old Town Montreal (Vieux Montreal). Rue Hotel de-Ville leads directly up to the steps of City Hall - which sports some lovely architecture and a pleasant fountain at the top plaza area, then directly across the street is Jacques Cartier Pl at the center of all the old town with all it's artists, unique shops and restaurants. Explore. Vieux Montreal is charming. I would urge you to walk across the rue de Commune and onto the promenade too. There is a lovely view of the city from the park at night. You really can't go wrong by visiting this section of Montreal. Chinatown: If you walk out the front door of the Days Inn and take a right across the rue Hotel-de-Ville you are only 1 street away from the Chinatown area which looked interesting but didn't get to explore it or any other locations due to time constraints. Traffic was very moderate and the streets well marked, so with a map of the area and a little advice from Simon and Oliver at the front desk, we got around very easily. There is also a bus stop right outside the front door for easy access to everywhere in the beautiful city of Montreal.FRENCH: Don’t be intimidated. All the rumors about ill-tempered French-speaking people in Quebec, are not true in Montreal. Everyone, and I mean EVERYONE we met in Montreal who spoke French as their first language were exceedingly kind about speaking in English to help a stranger with their smiles and hearts sincere. People create the essence of any community regardless of lovely architecture and historic importance. Montreal is interesting and pretty to look at, but it is the people of Montreal that make her so stunningly beautiful.	
Aug 17 2009 	Unsafe Location - do not park in the outdoor lot!!	The hotel was okay - the room was dark; the air conditioner noisy; and the hallway smokey. The poor rating is due to customer service. The indoor parking lot was full so we parked in the outdoor parking lot half a block from the hotel. Our car was broken into - - twice. When we told the gentelman at the front desk after the first break-in, he said, &quot;I told you to take your valuables out of the car.&quot; After much discussion, he reluctantly took off the parking lot charge from our bill.Do NOT park your car in that outdoor lot. If the Days Inn's indoor lot is full, park your car around the corner in the indoor parking garage ($18/day).	
Jul 27 2009 	Average hotel stay	Average hotel in a good location for touring Montreal. No continental breakfast. Rooms are small but clean. Nothing special here but a good base for exploring the city.	
Jul 18 2009 	FANTASTIC!	Great value!Got the Queen Superior suite, comes with one queen sized bed and tv, a living room with couch and chair and a tv, has a mini-fridge and microwave, wireless internet in the room, no breakfast, clean bathroom all for $112! This hotel is located close to downtown Montreal, underground parking or outdoor parking (be careful, the outdoor lot gets full at night and you will get a ticket if you don't park in the desginated area...although the hotel will take care of the ticket for you)Great service, look for Eric the supervisor, he was always willing to provide me with detailed instructions to Montreal attractions, he also recommended a great restaurant down the street.Great service and definitely great value, just mention that you're a CAA member and you should be able to get a discount.House keeping was good.	
Jul 16 2009 	Good clean hotel in central location	A friend and I stayed for one night at this hotel while visiting Montreal during the Jazz Festival.It was conveniently located, within 10 minutes walk of downtown where all the shops, restaurants and jazz festival shows were. The hotel was flexible with check-in times (initially we requested an earlier check-in than 4pm, but called to say we would arrive late). We arrived very late at night and the receptionist was kind enough to extend our check-out time to 1pm (instead of 12pm) the next day.Our short visit meant we didn't get a chance to check out the facilities of the hotel, but the room was very spacious, comfortable and quiet, with a clean bathroom. We were able to leave luggage at the hotel while we saw the city the next day.I would stay here again - very good for a 2 star hotel, and cheap and spacious compared to what I am used to in Europe.	
Jun 15 2009 	Barely adequate accomadations	We stayed at this hotel for a bachelor party weekend. We got a very good price thanks to some vouchers we got at a travel site for referals. Without the vouchers the rooms were around $110/nt. Parking was cheap: $12 for outdoor/$16 for indoor. There is an onsite restaruant that serves a good cheap breakfast and has outdoor seating on a tiny patio.Location was excellent for our needs which was bar hopping and girlwatching.The rooms were quite small but otherwise standard. Our shower was dirty - pubes in there. Gave it a rinse and used it anyway but I know the more squemesh may have gone ballistic. Beds were adequate, bedding was adequate, though of course seeing pubes makes you wonder if they are really clean. Plastic cups instead of glasses. Air conditioniing was vey loud. View was a white brick wall. Ask for an even numbered room.Very basic accomadation but fine for a weekend of drinking with the boys. I wouldn't go there for a romantic getaway or with kids.	
Jun 2 2009 	Great location to the Old Port	This is the second time we have stayed at this hotel, we found the rooms clean and tidy on returning from our days out. Loved the bar / restaurant, we ate there most days, in the evening had supper and a beer, Sam the bar tender made us very welcome and was always ready to serve. We will be back there on our next visit.Its is located very close to The Old Port and just a few minutes to the Metro station, Champ De Mars.Thanks for a great stay.	
May 30 2009 	Terrible service	I usually stay at the Hotel Place d'Armes but I decided to save $75 and booked one night at the Days Inn.I arrived with my wife around 4:30 PM and had hard times finding a spot to park my car while I checked in as the hotel is on a busy street (Rene Levesque).I had to wait a good 10 minutes before anyone acknowledged my presence although I was the only client. I showed my Expedia reservations and was handed over the keys and shown the direction to the elevator, without being offered any assistance with the luggage which were still in the double-parked car with the flashers on. When I asked for Parking, they charged me $22 and directed me to an external public parking which was 4 blocks away... and still no mention of any assistance with my luggage although there was a blizzard outside.I parked the car on a plaque of ice as it was the only spot available, walked back to the hotel and helped myself with the luggage.When I came back late at night, it took me 45 minutes to park my car as the parking was full and the only alternative was to park in another spot which was reserved for the police station... at least the car was safe.I will refrain from criticizing the room cleanliness, comfort of bed, noise, etc... as it's consistent with the low price I paid. However, I will never go to this hotel again as I have never imagined to be so poorly serviced.	
May 4 2009 	If you are looking for a very very basic hotel go here	This hotel is fine if you are looking for something to sleep in and nothing more. The rooms are dated and service is uneventful. With all of the wonderful hotels in Montreal that you could choose from, I would suggest paying a bit more and staying somewhere else!	
Apr 14 2009 	Travelers Nightmare	When me and my family arrived on a Friday for a 7 day visit to Montreal the location was perfect. Then the nightmares started. The first night the whole 3rd floor where they placed us was full of Partying young folks. Screaming, Slamming Doors, Crying, Boy friend, Girl friend fights up until 2 a.m. after neumerous calls complaining to the front Desk. We thought it was resolved, but the second night the same thing. No resolution.Well, Sunday they all departed. We thought the end of our troubles. But no the last two nights after returning from site seeing to our suprise our room was never cleaned. The Cleaning Staff had left, and the only thing the Hotel could do is replace towels.No resolution was ever made except for 4 drink vouchures for me, my wife and children.We were never offered to move to another floor or adjust our bill. We sent an e mail to Days Inn Headquarters only to be refered back to the Management of the hotel which again made excuses with no action. I guess Corporate Headquarters Days Inn cannot be bothered with customer service Issues Directly. The only thing good I can say about that hotel it has a Great Restaurant, with Great food.	
Apr 11 2009 	Good hotel nice room	We stayed at the hotel for three nights during April. The room was fine for our needs, although we had some trouble with our key cards. They did not work for a while, and we had to be let in with a key a couple of times. Even after our key cards starting working, it took a few attempts at putting the card in the slot to get in.The room was fine, comfy beds, good bathroom, but the only problem was the room was pretty dark, we needed lights on even in the middle of the day, and the lights themselves wern't particularly bright.But that was our only problem.The hotel was a short walk from the metro station, and had a nice restaurant next door which sold breakfast lunch and dinner. We ate in there a few times and it was very nice.The area around the hotel wasnt too great at night, we felt a bit uncomfortable, but I think this was the same in quite a lot of areas around Montreal. But the hotel is great for a low budget stay, its good value for money, and has free wireless internet which was a plus!	
Apr 8 2009 	Used to be a great value now just average...	About 7-8 years ago this place was newly remodeled and was a great value. Most of the furnishings were new, the beds were decent and the location couldn't be beat. Then they stopped putting any money into the hotel whatsoever it seems. Each time I've been since (about twice per year) the place has gone downhill a bit. Everything is looking very tired, even the linens. Bath towels are very very small and thin. Blankets look a bit sketchy. The place overall is still clean, but you can tell it just hasn't been kept up that well and is in need of a refresh. I've since found that for the same price you can usually find much better accomodations at one of the larger 4 or even 5 star hotels in the area if you really look around. I've since started staying at the Marriott or the Fairmont which I've gotten for the same or maybe slightly more money. The staff is hit or miss. Once they gave us basically a free extra night because our flight was cancelled and we had to take a redeye that got us in at 3am instead of the following morning and they let us check into our room at that time! Other time's they've been short a surley. At this point I don't think I would recommend this place with the other reasonable options around, except maybe young kids who wouldn't care.	
Mar 17 2009 	Satisfactory stay	I had to travel to Montreal and needed an inexpensive but decent place to stay, that was also close to a certain place. I booked the Days Inn, mostly because of the location and Wyndham Rewards points. The staff for the most part were friendly, and the rooms were average. If you don't speak French you may have a little trouble, as the phone books are all in French, and half the TV stations are French. I didn't even know where to go to eat because I don't know my way around. So I stuck to the hotel restaraunt. But, the restaraunt was closed at weird hours and I don't think I ever saw the bar open. I thought the hotel was a bit overpriced for what you got, but then again, it's Montreal and everything is more expensive there. Overall, it was okay.	
Feb 13 2009 	perfect for what I needed	I must say I was rather pleased with my stay at the Days Inn Montreal Downtown.The plusses:-GREAT location close to the old city, the Metro, and downtown-the price was right. $99 a night for a multiple night stay in the summer.-the little restaurant adjacent to the lobby was nice, with good food and reasonable pricing.-they sold LaRonde (amusement park) tickets at a good price.-the front desk staff was amazingly helpful during my stay-room was cleanThe minuses:-room was a bit small.. we had 2 full size beds so there was not much free room, but it was mostly a non issue as we were in Montreal to see the city, not spend time in the room.-the washroom is a traditional washroom design, with everything in one room, unlike most hotels where the sink and mirror are out in the bedroom, which made things slow in the morning for us (I had two teenage girls with me).This said, the plusses way outweigh the negatives. I will stay there again!	
Jan 12 2009 	Dirty Hotel	Hotel was horrible. The first night we had to park in the outdoor parking lot and I didnt feel comfy with the dark neighborhood and the drunk people walking around. The outdoor lot was shared with 3 other buildings and there was no clear markings on what spots belonged to the hotel. When asking the front desk people, all 3 of them had no clue on which spots I can park in. The next 2 nights we were able to park indoors but space is limited to first come first serve. There is only about 10 spots inside. The room had a nasty odor to it and the walls and floors looked dirty. On the last day, we went to have breakfast outside of hotel and we came back to the room well before the checkout time and we found they already started cleaning the room. The fresh fruit in our fridge was removed and no where to be found!	
Dec 3 2008 	Cheap 	The hotel is in a convienent location, (only a couple of blocks from Old Montreal &amp; Sherbrook Street shopping) however, it's an extremely dodgy neighbourhood. The lobby and guest rooms are outdated but are overall pretty clean. The staff are quite nice. The underground parking smells awful (and so will your car when you leave). I wouldn't stay here again, but it didn't ruin my trip either.	
Oct 18 2008 	Perfect location!	This hotel is perfectly located near Old Montreal and Chinatown and has easy access to the métro (just a 5 min. walk). We used the outdoor parking one night, but preferred the indoor parking for the other nights. I recommend requesting the indoor parking as it is limited and on a first come first serve basis. However, once you have it it's yours for the rest of your stay. The small room was adequate for our purpose: it was clean and comfortable and had the amenities needed. The bathroom could use a refurbishing job. It is old, but it worked and was stocked up with the needed basics and a hairdryer. The front desk clerks were helpful, especially Maxime and Zoraida. Only one thing bothered us and it was adequately addressed. Our door stuck a little and it had to be pulled tight to make sure it closed, otherwise it did not. After our first day out we came back to find the door had not been closed and we could only assume it was by the maid who probably did not realize it happened. So we went down to the front desk to explain the problem. Nothing was missing, but we were still distraught to think that our room had been exposed all day long. The front desk clerk said that it would be noted to the maids to be careful and to close the door tightly. We even saw him make a note on a clipboard somewhere. The next day after we returned from our day of touring we not only found the door open but the dead bolt was sticking out making it completely impossible to close the door. That really bothered us and we went down to the front desk again, repeated our story, explained that we had reported the problem, but this time it was worse since the open deadbolt seemed like a deliberate act . The evening manager came up to verify the incident and apologized profusely saying he would make sure this did not happen again. The next morning when I woke up I noticed the 100% guarantee on the key pad that explained that any unsatisfactory portion of the stay would be 100% reimbursed. So when we went down to check out I asked the front desk about this guarantee clause. It was a different clerk from the previous day, and he asked us if something was missing after I explained to him why I was asking for some type of compensation for my worries. We told him &quot;no,nothing was missing&quot;, but nevertheless it did not matter, it was the principle of safety that was at stake there. I wanted to know what the hotel was going to do about that part. The clerk acted surprised not seemingly understanding what we were asking. Fortunately, his smart colleague, a wonderful young lady called Zoraida, jumped in the conversation, told us that she understood completely how that could be stressful to not feel safe, that she was going to make sure that the maids were really being told about this problem, and &quot;would we be happy if she gave us vouchers for a free breafkast?&quot; We thanked her for her understanding of our situation and accepted the breakfast vouchers. That gave us a chance to taste their breakfast which was very good.I can recommend this hotel despite the glitch with the room. I would recommend to check the door of your room and if it does not close on its own like all hotel doors should, just ask to move rooms.	
Oct 16 2008 	Excellent location !!	Excellent location; just over two blocks to Old Town and a few more blocks to ChinaTown. Public bus stops in front of hotel for easy access to downtown. Room was big and clean. No place to sit other than on bed (usually have table and chairs?). Restaurant had good selection and prices. GREAT experience !!	
Oct 13 2008 	Good Location	We stayed Columbus Day Weekend at this hotel. It is a good hotel for a short stay. I think the location is good, within walking distance to Old Montreal, Chinatown, Latin Section and the underground mall. For the price, I would stay there again.	
Sep 13 2008	Not Bad	I stayed at the Days Inn with a group of about 30 people that traveled from Newfoundland to attend the Bodog Battle of the Bands. All of us between the age range of 18-30. The first night there was great, and same with the second night. We celebrated the chance of making it big with the Bodog battle. But the third night, for some reason the hotel management put a group of 12 year olds on a ski trip on a floor with 30 young adults. Then threatened to kick us out if we didn't keep it down. Keep in mind, we were in our hotel rooms on the opposite side of the hotel. So we agreed to keep it down, we weren't hard to get along with - but it made absolutely NO sence why they would do this. 12 year old children and bands celebrating do not mix. The food however was AMAZING. The little restaurant service was above and beyond awesome, and the food was perfectly delicious. For the price we paid, it was worth it. But management needs to re think where they book people on each floor.	
Jul 14 2008 	Bad experience	This was my worst experience in a hotel. I decided to choose this hotel because it was cheaper. But it ended up costing me more. We arrived at the hotel and it looked okay but then I went to the washroom and the toilet wouldn't flush so I called the front desk and they sent a maintenance guy. Well he ended up coming 3-4 times and spending the night in our room. The toilet still wouldn't flush, the bathtub would not drain and the air conditionning was not working (and it was a hot night). In the mini fridge we found stuff from the previous people, and found garbabge under the bed. Also, there were bugs. I was sick of staying in this hotel. So I called a friend and he agreed to come pick us up in montreal. So we had to pay 3 hours of gas, and I asked the front desk to not charge my credit card but when I got my credit card statement they charged me MORE than the usual cost of the room. SO now I have to fight to get my money back. BAD experience. NOT recommended AT ALL.	
Apr 30 2008 	Corteous staff good location	good hotel, great location, near latin quarter, old town and chinatown, just few bus stop from the train station.We actually requested to change the standard non smoking double room we booked because of some smell of cigarette, and the staff, without even checking, they moved us to a mini suite room without paying any difference of course. They gave us informations and map and they were very corteous. Room was confortable and clean	
Apr 11 2008 	Good location but If you are non smoking think about it	Good location, near Sta. Catarina av.. But I had dsome problems with my roomI travelled with my husband and my mom. We booked 2 rooms for 4 nights. Upon arrival, we were placed in 2 smoking rooms when we had asked for non smoking. The windows did not open in the room and the smell of smoke was terrible.	
Feb 27 2008 	Great for the Money	I had been to Montreal a couple of times before but the hotel where I had stayed one before was closed down. My wife and I decided on booking through Tripadvisor at this hotel based on reviews on other travelers and the location of the hotel. It was an overall good experience. We spent little time in the hotel so do not have any complaints. The room was great (we had the king suite) which was more affordable than a lot of regular rooms at other downtown hotels.	
Feb 18 2008 	Great weekend stay!	The hotel is easy to find and perfect location. It was within walking distance to all the places we wanted to go. Rooms are on the smaller side but not too crowded. Front desk was quick and efficient and friendly. Parking is just across the street and very reasonably priced ($12 for the weekend). Rooms were clean and comfortable. There seemed to be a lot of groups on our floor but once in the room we never heard any noise from other rooms. Overall, a great stay.	
Jan 11 2008	Not the best location but it will do? I guess	I'm writing, probably the newest review of the Days Inn Montreal Downtown, that anyone here for the New Year of 2008. I have to say that this place is really decent-- service was excellent, cleanliness was a great plus but there was one problem for me, here. Location. Despite being on a huge throughfare, Rene-Levesque, the location was horrible in terms of being near a Metro station (Champ-De-Mars). Despite what everyone says about being close to Berri-UQAM and Champ-De-mars Metro, the walk down Rene-Levesque is a bit of a hike and to Champ-De-Mars, the walk is a bit sketchy. Mind you, I was walking from Champ-De-Mars to the hotel at arond 6 PM, and I had to turn around to see who was behind me, depsite being from New York City. Don't get me wrong, Montreal is a great place to be in and I absolutely love it but the area around here, is a bit sketchy at best. Overall, Days Inn Montreal is a great place to stay in for the price that I got at 82.80$ a night. So, when I go back, this place is definitely worth going back to.	
Dec 6 2007	Satisfactory - no problems	I asked for a quiet room and was given one at the back overlooking the police station car park. My room had fridge and coffee maker. My room was good-sized, smart and elegant, very clean and well decorated, but a bit dark for my taste. The hotel is about 20 mins walk to downtown, or there are buses. Or you can walk about 20 mins the other way to the old town, which is delightful. The main out-of-town bus station is only 2 blocks away and there are regular buses to Quebec, about 3hrs and $60. The hotel restaurant does a good variety of breakfast meals, and I only ate there one evening. Not many restaurants open in the evening. You need to go either downtown or old town. the staff were pleasant and helpful, but sometimes rather formal. A nice hotel and no problems.	
Nov 28 2007 	Better than expected	I did all the price research online before leaving for Montreal but I wasn't sure if I needed to stay overnight, so I left it to chance. I walked in, asked for the price I saw on the internet and they gave it to me. it was around 10:30am and they have a room available. Further, it's one of the suites they have facing the front. According to the floor plan, they have 4 of these bigger rooms on each floor. I know the area quite well and knew not to expect too much. I was pleasantly surprised with a comfortable stay.The room and the bathroom were clean. The best thing is that they have wireless internet access throughout the building.I find the location very convenient since walkable to Chinatown (yummy food) and St Catherine (shopping) even on an 18 degree celsius day. My room actually has a sliver of a view of City Hall in Old Montreal.Parking-wise, they have underground parking (not sure how much). There is also a public , outdoor lot right behind the hotel at $12 a day, which you can go in and out of as you wish.	
Oct 18 2007 	Beware: check-in time is 4 pm	Location is good, close to Rue Ste. Catherine, historic Montreal and Chinatown. Beds were ok, but the bathroom showed some wear. No safe in the room, but there was an iron, hair dryer, coffee service. Arrived around noon, but their check-in time is 4 pm. We got up that day for a very early flight so we were anxious to take a short nap before we hit the town. Although they told us to check starting at 1pm (which we did every hour), we didn't get a room until 5 mins before 4 pm. It used to be a good deal, but I'll spend a bit more for a nicer hotel (and earlier check-in).	
Oct 8 2007 	Spend your Days (and nights) OUT of this hotel	My girlfriends and I chose this hotel because the location seemed to be good and the price was decent. We booked 2 rooms for 2 nights. Upon arrival, we were placed in 2 small (not adjacent) smoking rooms when we had asked for non smoking. The windows did not open in the room and the smell of smoke was nauseating. We inquired multiple times about switching rooms and told we were going to be called when a room came available. No phone call, no communication whatsoever. The location was just okay for our needs. Not close enough to walk to many of the clubs and bars we were interested in visiting. That was our fault for not choosing our hotel location wisely. The staff was cordial, and the bartender was very nice offereing suggestions and tips on where to go. Still they were unwilling to switch us into a non-smoking room which was annoying. The rooms were also tiny and perhaps because of the smoke just didn't feel 'clean' to me. Overall the hotel wasn't horrible, but there are better options for the same or a little extra money. Skip the Days Inn Downtown and explore another option.	
Sep 28 2007 	OK	We stayed here because the price was lower than the very expensive other hotels. The hotel is a 8-story glass tower and has a small restaurant which had good food. Our room was small, clean and basic. The parking garage is nice and safe. The subway station is very close which was great as we were doing a lot of sightseeing.	
Aug 29 2007	Unless you get a price under $100 avoid!	We needed a room for only one night after having already stayed in Montreal and Tremblant.at great hotels for only $40 or $50 more. The hotel looks great on the outside and the lobby is very nice. The room we stayed in was very bad. It was old, musty, and generally a very bad experience for $140 US. The room was small, bathroom small, and hallway dingy. Maybe they are remodeling other floors but this one hasn't seen any work for many years. The location is good and internet is free. Parking was $12 at a nearby lot. Staff was courteous. I would look at hotels of the same price range closer to Old Montreal before booking this hotel as a last resort.	
Aug 24 2007 	Very Helpful and Knowledgable Staff	We booked the hotel through AAA for approx $130 CDN. The rooms were small but comfortable. The hotel only has 8 floors and some of the buildings around it are higher. So forget the good views.The staff is extremely helpful and nice. They gave us excellant suggestions on places to visit and eat. They were great with directions. They have very limited hotel parking. So call ahead to reserve a spot if you will be parking at the hotel.Satisfied with our stay.Enjoy.Ish	
Aug 4 2007 	Not that bad	Based on price, this hotel is okay. Provided we were there in winter, it is not that convenient as opposed to some hotels near the old montréal. However staff were very friendly and parking is not overpriced. Rooms are okay, just keep in mind it is a days inn.Would recommend this hotel for summer trips and for people who don't want to spend much on accomodation.	
May 25 2007 	Great value very good location	I was having day surgery at Hôpital St-Luc, so I wanted to find a hotel close by to spend the night before because we were coming from out of town. I booked the room through the hotel website and it went smoothly.The hotel is situation on René-Lévesque Blvd. in downtown Montreal. It's 3 blocks from Saint-Denis St., close to the metro, Chinatown and downtown.Check-in was quick and they gave us a parking pass for a public lot a block north of the hotel. Parking was $14.00 for the night, and we were able to extend that for the day for only $5.00.Our room was on the 6th floor and had 2 double beds, bathroom, closet, and a dresser in which the TV was hidden. We were facing a side street, but nevertheless heard the traffic in the morning on René-Lévesque.The room was clean and service was very good. I would recommend this to visitors and anyone going to the hospital since it's a 5-minute walk.	
May 13 2007 	A great place for a short visit	Although my wife and I were a bit hesitant to book at this hotel because of some of the reviews, we wanted to be able to spend more money in the city than on lodgings so we booked two nights. It was economical, close to both the Old City and the Latin Quarter where we had tickets to a special concert, and easy to find (we are not yet well-acclimated to Montreal). We DID choose to park inside and to upgrade the room to a suite with King bed and microwave due to the safety factor and our own needs. First of all, we found the staff helpful, gracious, prompt and very forthcoming with information and tips on how to enjoy Montreal to its fullest. Second, the hotel truly was amazingly easy to get to from Route 10 (coming from New England) - take 10 to the end in the center of the city, find Boulevard Rene Levesque, take a right, go down 12 blocks and it's right there! Third, walking toward the water gets you to the Old City and the Old Port in about 10 minutes; ditto for the Latin Quarter north and several other advantageous attractions. And finally the rooms! We somehow got a conference room attached to our suite, fine for stretching out and I can imagine conducting a small conference comfortably there. The bed was huge and very comfortable, the bathroom was immaculate and spectacular in every way, air conditioner units kept our rooms exceptionally comfortable and the location of our room, close to but not ON Rene Levesque, allowed for a little traffic noise but not enough to disturb us. The room was one of the refurbished suites and soundproofing and comfort level overall was amazing - and the chambermaid cleaned up the room well into the afternoon for us. For $300CAN total, we were extremely satisfied and will stay there again for every one of the above reasons. The next time, though, we'll be staying for an entire week!	
May 1 2007 	SMALL Rooms... Overall bad experience...	I stayed here Sept. '03, and once was enough for me... The hotel was clean, that's were the good qualities end...The staff was, not-so-much rude, just blank would be the best way to describe them. The rooms, and hotel itself, was very small. The room had 2 beds and a TV stand which left enough room for 1 person to walk around the room. The doors around the hotel all lock behind you, meaning (and I found out the hard way) you can't take the stairs... If you go into the stairwell you have to go all the way to the ground level, go outside (it was raining that night), walk around the building back to the front, and if it's past a certain hour you have to wait for the Front Desk clerk to buzz you in. The parking's the other thing... This is more a personal thing for me, I like to have my car parked in a garage when I'm on vacation. They have an outdoors parking lot up the block (which some might not think is in the greatest of neighborhoods). And you have to get a new parking pass for your car every day it's in the lot, just kind of a pain because if you do it in the morning you have to deal with the Check In wait.All in all I personally had a horrible experience in this hotel and would not recommend it to anyone... The only reason we stayed here was because we decided to take the trip late and all our other choices were booked up.	
Jan 4 2007 	Not TOO bad...	I just return from this hotel. First, the girl at the reception vas very nice and the lobby was very clean. Even though it was around 6:00 p.m., the hotel's restaurant was empty. Strange... I didn't try it but reading the previous commentaries, I understand why there was no one there... The room was good, relatively clean BUT there was something I couldn't identify almost everywhere, on the furnitures, the tv, even the bed, something really greasy, something like oil, only on some spots. Each time we touched something, we were disgusted. Maybe it was the product used to polish but ... well... If you go there, which is not totally a bad idea if your budget is limited, please ask for a room that is not in front of the boulevard. At around 6:00 in the morning, you'll hear buses, trucks, motors, horns... because there's a lot of traffic ! You can easily walk to many attractions but don't expect a calm, quiet and beautiful street. It is not ! Once you are aware and are ready to accept those conditions, then you won't be diasappointed and your stay can even be good.	
Dec 11 2006 	Good deal for you money!	I stayed at the Days Inn for just over a week and had a hassle free stay. The staff were lovely and the rooms were decent size. Had a huge bed and all the necessary facilites. Bathrooms were clean. Only problem I had was there was no wireless access in the hotel room, so I had to go down to the lobby to use internet. Location was good about 7 blocks from the Eaton center and close to restuarants and shops. Would recommend this hotel.	
Oct 29 2006	Fair for the Price	Stayed here in October, 2006. The hotel wasn't a total disaster; the rooms were clean enough, albeit a bit run-down. The place had a distinct musty odor. The shower and water pressure/hot water was good. The staff was friendly. The wireless internet access worked sometime, sometimes not. The vending machines are a joke (they only take CAD dollar coins). The neighborhood isn't the best, but more non-descript than dangerous. Close to the University and Metro, but pretty far away (a mile) from shopping; the hotel parallels the seediest stretch of St. Catherine Street. Some bums, drunks, and of homeless folks around, but nobody that would rob you.If you are on a tight budget, this is probably the the cheapest &quot;brand name&quot; downtown hotel. Just don't expect great things.	
Sep 20 2006	food!!	absolutely awful....Do not eat in the little dining area on the ground floor, it's the worst kind of bland, microwaved rubbish I've ever eaten. No matter how cheap or easy it seems, avoid it. Take a walk instead. Sadly we were so tired after arriving from the UK that we coul'nt be bothered to go out. Conversely, breakfast was good. Room was fine, staff most helpful. Location made getting down on foot to the old port easy. Just be aware that there are a fair number of (basically harmless) down &amp; outs in the area and that some of them use parts of the nearest Metro station (champ-de-mars) as a living area.	
Sep 16 2006 	Very good stay	Booked a last minute rate on the Days Inn website for 2 nights in the middle of September and got a huge suite for $100 a night!Bed was big and lovely - shower was a bit dribbly - two HUGE tvs, free wireless Internet plus conference room!!The staff were polite and friendly but I felt the restaurant was a little 'pokey'.Other people here have mentioned about the location - I did see more tramps and sex shops that one would normally care for but then if you're using it as a base for Montreal it shouldn't really matter.Overall - a positive stay for my first visit to a Days Inn.. . . as for the guy below who had his backpack robbed from the backseat of the rental car - I would say if you left your backpack on the back of a car in any city anywhere in the world - chances are it would get robbed!!!!	
Sep 10 2006 	Nice hotel surrounded by thieves	The hotel experience had been good during our first day/night in Canada, until my backpack was robbed from the backseat of the rental car. Was loading baggage on a beautiful Sunday morning, parked along the curb right in front of the Montreal Downtown Days Inn reception desk, when approached by a well-dressed middle aged gentleman with a foreign-sounding accent, waving a street map and asking directions. While he distracted me his accomplice opened the car and took off with a backpack with my Dutch passport, keys, travel info, etc. While reporting the incident at the police station, conveniently located on the same block, another American hotel guest came to report his truck was stolen from the exterior parking lot used by the hotel (hotel has only limited indoor parking). While reporting the incident to the hotel reception desk a third American guest reported his van had been broken into overnight in the same lot. The hotel is conveniently located, but is at the edge of a rather seedy neighbourhood, and apparently requires some cleaning up. Needless to say this spoiled much of the high expectations we had for our first Canadian vacation. Two weeks later, back home, trying to figure out how to retrieve my car from airport parking without keys, and with a trip to the consulate for a new passport on tomorrow's agenda, I would like say thanks for nothing to the lowlifes in Montreal. Han van Gorsel, Houston, Tx, USA	
Jul 21 2006	Good quality friendly hotel	We stayed for 2 nights at the beginning of June.A well-run hotel with friendly and informative staff. We were able to park outside the hotel while we unloaded our luggage. The hotel offered parking for $10.00/night in an adjacent parking lot (we could see our car from the hotel room).The reception staff were very welcoming and friendly. The reception area was modern and trendy and furnished with armchairs and sofas on marble flooring.The hotel was located on Rene-Levesque Blvd East within walking distance of the downtown area, Ste-Catherine St, Old Montreal, the Old Port, Chinatown &amp; the Quartier Latin. We had dinner in the hotel restaurant, Cafe Allegro,on our first evening served by a very friendly and overworked waiter who was very accommodating (even offered to go home to get icecream from his freezer, as there was none on the menu!) The meal was tasty and good value in ambient surroundings. We subsequently bought our breakfasts in the hotel restaurant as it was convenient and tasty.Our average sized room had 2 very comfortable double beds and plenty of luggage storage. There was a small window that looked out to the side of the building towards downtown and the port area. The room was rather dark, and we needed the light on most of the time. The furnishings and decor were reasonably contemporary, and all very clean.There was air-conditioning, coffee-maker, safe, free newspaper, free internet access, iron/board, TV, Radio/alarm, hairdrier, decent toiletries.The bathroom was of a good size with good water pressure and adequate towels.We did have a bit of a problem on leaving. When I paid the bill I had worked out the approximate price for extras such as parking, tax and meals, but the bill came to about $40.00 more than expected. When I queried this I was told it was all tax - &quot;in Canada you pay tax on tax&quot; I was told, but I knew that my restaurant bills had already included all the tax and tips. I left it at that, but worked out my bill later and realised that I had been charged extra for my 2nd night's stay even though I had prepaid a quoted price on the internet. I e-mailed the hotel on my return to England and sent copies of my bills. The problem was promptly dealt with, apologies made and a refund given.I would happily return to this hotel, and felt that at $87.00/night it was good value.	
Jun 14 2006	a little funky around the edges	On par for Canada chains, but you expect more in Montreal, a once vibrant city which seems to be in decline compared to its old glory days.	
Apr 18 2006	Good for a long weekend	I stayed for Presidents Day weekend with my g/f, and it was really cold! The Days Inn is nice except for the smell in the lobby, seems like the sewer is backed up or something. Everyday it was like that, dont know why. The hotel is in a good area two blocks to the metro, 5-10 min from chiantown, notre dame and a couple of banks. The parking lot could use some work the stupid bar wouldnt go up when we entered but when we left it would raise. Decent size room, if your a tourist (if your sightseeing you wont spend that much time in there). Bathroom was clean every day and very nice, fan was a bit loud though like a jet engine. The one complaint I have is that when we slept at night seems like there are teenagers or people partying loudly in the halls that woke us up most of the nights we were there. They should hire security to go through the halls at night or something.	
Apr 4 2006 	Nice hotel needs some investment to improve it	Nice room, quite big but found the Hotel in general needed some big dollars investmentGirl at reception, Alicia, was really very kind and helpful.	
Mar 30 2006	Exellent Hotel near to Center	The rooms were very clean, exept of one hair on the cieling (how?) in the bathroom. Big and comfortable beds. Parking outside was ok, even when the area seems not that safe during weekday nights. Close to the underground-city, Notre dame (both about 5 - 10 mins to walk) and the interstate.Very friendly and helpful staff, wireless internet and more than enough towels.Thank you very much!!	
Jan 10 2006	Great Hotel!	This hotel was great, especially for the price we paid. When we arrived, we found out they had upgraded us from a room to a suite at no extra charge. The staff were very nice and polite and had no problems telling us how to get to certain attractions. Maps and directions were always provided. We definitely got our moneys worth! I recommend this hotel for couples. There isn't a pool or games room, so I wouldn't recommend it for kids. But their rooms are very nice and clean and modern. No complaints here!	
Jan 6 2006	Overall Not Bad	This hotel served our basic needs, good location, reasonable, etc. The downstairs parking had a horrible odor, I detected a sewer problem. Deluxe Room on the 8th floor was fine although the room layout was wierd, they had large blocked out areas, possibly to house plumbing, etc? that created difficult areas around the bed to move and there was no TV in the bedroom, living area TV couldnt be viewed from the bed, the loveseat was situated so you had to cock your head, anyway.. staff was pleasant, food in the Bistro was actually decent. Great soup. Allegro is NOT timely in opening up on time. 1PM for lunch had me waiting for a body to arrive, the coffee was not even brewing yet and it took 15 minutes to grab a few drinks to take to my room (no room service). Room was clean and seeing it was New Years Eve it wasnt that noisy, the clientele is young, at least during college breaks..	
Aug 10 2005	Great Price and Location	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for a night. I have read some of the reviews and found them to be quite harsh and after reading them I was affraid I made a mistake when I booked this hotel. Firstly, I want to assure people that my stay was a pleasurable one. The hotel is in an excellent location, walking distance to all the attractions (old montreal, saint dennis, underground mall). It is located next to a police station so the streets are not as scary as some people suggested. The staff was extremely curtious and friendly, they were quick to suggest places to visit and gave us a tourist map and took to the time to highlight important sites. We went up to the room and it was an average size room, we found that the airconditionar was already working which was nice because it was 30C outside with humidity that felt like you were getting splashed in the face with boiling water. Immediatly however we noticed the eye sores, the curtains and bedspread matched with a 1970's pattern that made me a little ill to look at. The view was of the back of another building, as I understand it unless you get a suite most views will not be very good. The bed was comfortable and everything was quiet the entire night, we stayed there on a weekday which may have reduced the number of &quot;loud kids&quot; which some reviews suggested frequent the hotel. There are two other negatives that should be noted, the first is the bathroom light and fan are connected, typically not a problem however the fan sounds like a jet taking off and if anyone gets up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom they will wake up anyone else staying in the room. Also it is so loud that my girlfriend could not hear me talking to her when she was in the bathroom and I was on the bed. Finally, they have one vending machine in the entire building and it only has pop. The problem is the machine is so old it doesn't recognize half of my coins, so I couldn't have a pop. It kept spitting my money back. By all right this is an average hotel, however because of the excellent price compared to other hotels in downtown montreal I immediatly bump it to an &quot;Above Average&quot; rating. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wishes to be close to everything montreal has to offer but doesn't want to spend alot of money to get it.The parking is $9 for outside and $12 for underground, very resonable compared to some of the other hotels.	
Aug 4 2005	Days Inn - Definitely	Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights as part of a tour of Ontario and Quebec. Very well situated for walking to all parts of downtown or old town. Five minute walk from the nearest Metro station. Would strongly advise the use of the Metro system as it is clean, cheap and reliable (buy a 3 day pass for good value and ease as this allows unlimited travel). Hotel reception area, modern and pleasant if somewhat small but this is no big deal. We were upgraded from a basic room to a deluxe suite and this was very pleasant indeed. Room was spotlessy clean, nice furnishings and a small kitchen area with a fridge and sink. Although the hotel is situated on a busy road, we were not aware of any traffic noise at all and we were on the 3rd floor. A bistro is located in the hotel.(The Allegro Bistro). The evening meals were reasonably priced and of a good standard served by a friendly although overworked waiter. The Room Rate included a complimentary continental breakfast. This was served in the Bistro by unsmiling, barely civil staff. This is the only negative comment I can make about this hotel. If ever returning to Montreal, would definitely use this hotel.	
Jul 14 2005	Best value in the city	I've stayed at this hotel for the past three years for the Jazz Festival in July and I've been pleased every time. My experience has shown that the best rooms are on the second floor. These rooms have the best beds and bathrooms. They also have refrigerators and microwaves. As noted in a previous review, this hotel is on a very busy street. If you're not used to city noise, you ought to get a room in the old city. (If you have been to Manhattan, the area this hotel is in is like the area around Penn Station.)If you want to be pampered and pay over $200 per night for a hotel room, you would be wise seek accommodations elsewhere. However, if you want a clean &amp; safe hotel that's in a great location, this is the place for you. St Denis Street, where I go for most of my meals, is just a 10 minute walk away. The &quot;old city&quot; is also just 10 minutes away and the Metro on St Laurent, which can take you just about anywhere, is about a 5 minute walk away. (Be sure to buy tourist passports for the metro, they're the best deal.) Travel by Taxi in this city between Noon and Midnight appears problematic as I've noticed pedestrians often outpace cars.	
Apr 18 2005	Picture Perfect!		
Apr 18 2005	The 'best' will not be found here		
Mar 28 2005	excellent location for the price		
Mar 6 2005	Never again		
Mar 1 2005	Not too bad!		
Feb 16 2005	Reasonably Priced And Well Situated		
Nov 5 2004	A bit too basic		
Jul 5 2004	Very Good Hotel		
May 23 2004	Average Value		
Mar 16 2004	good value		
Jul 21 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité prix		
Jul 6 2009 	Bien situé chambre propre		
Aug 22 2008 	Days Inn Montreal		
