Aug 4 2009 	This place is not "prestigious" at all	We stayed at the hotel for one night on the August long weekend for a music festival Montreal was holding. It should have been our first indication that the 4 pan glass window at the reception meant that their were security issues in the building but who would have thought that anyone would have to truly worry about their safety!We left our luggage in the room while we were on Montreal island for the festival. To our surprise the next morning while attempting to pay for breakfast our money would be missing. Our bags were tampered with and our wallets were emptied. Once reporting what had happened to the Manager at &quot;Hotel Le Prestige&quot;- he was completely unhelpful and rude. I HIGHLY recommend that NO ONE stays at this hotel. The staff will violate you and your belongings and they cannot be trusted. When someone pays $120 for a room, which is locked, they do not expect to return to a staff member stealing their belongings. Please take my advice, do not stay here.	
Aug 30 2006 	Great for Some Not for Others!	This hotel is probably different than most you have ever been to. It has some unique suites at a reasonable price. We booked a double room for our 3 kids, and then treated ourselves to one of the themed suites. The double rooms are clean and furnished with the std 2-3 star amenities. The themed suite was large, clean, and outrageously decorated. (Check out their website, they have a picture of each suite. As far as I can tell, they are exactly as pictured- at least ours was). It had a great sound system with speakers all over the room. They had unique mood lighting, king size beds, nice stereo, refrigerator, etc. You could not find a comparable room in downtown Montreal for less than $300 per night. It had a double jacuzzi in the middle of the room, with a separate glass shower. It was very romantic as you can imagine! You do not want to have kids in the room with you- there is no privacy! They are meant for couples. The double room did have a separate shower, however. My wife loved the room, and did not want to leave. The kids will like it, if they have a separate room. There is a nice outdoor pool also.Bottom line- Check out the photos on their website. What you see is what you get.A few words of warning-1. They advertise a continental breakfast. This consists of a muffin and warm orange juice. Coffee is from the machine for $1.25. Anyway, we found the best breakfast in the world right accross the street at Chez Cora (a local Quebec chain). We want to go back to Montreal just for the breakfast there! You will love it there! There is no restaurant at all in the hotel, but there are numerous within walking distance. We tried 3, and they were all excellent.2. This location is about 10 miles north of downtown Montreal, which is where you want to go if you are a tourist. You should choose this hotel only if you have a car.3. The hotel also has an adult (porno) channel that runs continuously. We asked the manager to shut it off for the duration of our stay, which she gladly did for us. We could not block the channel on the TV in our kids room.4. The hotel appears to be a &quot;swingers&quot; hotel. They offer wine and champagne bottles for sales in the lobby. I don't think that it is, but it is definitely different. If this was in the Intercontinental, it would be a Master Suite at $400 per night.5. The pillows were a little hard. You may want to bring your own.Overall, this was a friendly, well-managed hotel. We enjoyed our stay, and would love to go back for a second honeymoon. Montreal is a very romantic and interesting city. We toured all of Eastern Canada, and liked Montreal the best. This hotel may not be for everyone, but great for honeymooners, adventurers, romantics, etc. Not for small kids!	
