Aug 23 2009 	Good location period.	Negative: The water leaks from the ceiling when it rains. the walls are thin so you need ear plugs. Positive: Great locatioin. Easy access to metro station. Wide choice of good restaurants around.	
Jul 7 2009 	NIce location that's as good as it gets!	The hotel itself was in a great location, very close to all the main attractions in Montreal. It was fairly clean but a lot of the fixtures in the bedroom and bathroom could do with updating. We opted to use the hotel carpark as on street parking can be very expensive, and we assumed that our car would be safe. On our second morning there we were woken by a phone call from reception telling us that the car had been broken into. The entire back window was smashed in and there were dents in the passanger side door. We spoke to the receptionist about this and he didnt care and told us that we should expect it as we were staying in downtown Montreal! Also, we later realised that 2 mins walk from the hotel, there was a secure carpark where we could have parked our car in for an extra $3 a night! The secure carpark also has designated spaces for guests staying at the hotel. We asked the hotel staff why they never told us about the carpark, but they were unable to give us an acceptable reply. Overall, if you need somewhere cheap to stay in the centre of Montreal, then this place is ideal. If you have a car make be sure to use the secure carpark complete with cctv and security guards.	
Jul 4 2009 	Smelly	We got here and noted that the halls and the room were rank . The hotel staff wasn't too friendly, but being from New England that did not bother me. The rooms were decent-sized and appeared clean except for that smell. The hotel was definitely not worth the low price we paid. Also, the walls are very thin and there was a very obnoxious group of American college kids there to party- why they decided to party in that place is beyond me. At any rate, it was noisy and smelly, and tough to get a good night's sleep. The location is good, except that it is right next to a strip club. But there are other hotels in the area and I can't imagine they wouldn't be better than this one! The reason we booked at this hotel was the location, and we figured we would not spend much time in the hotel but rather seeing the city. This was true, but I would have preferred a place at least with a neutral odor!	
Jan 12 2009 	DO NOT BOOK HERE!! Horrible experience will never return	The main reason we chose this particular hotel is we wanted to get the most bang for our buck. BIG BIG mistake. We arrived at the hotel around 3:30 pm on a Monday and went to check in. Was notified at that time, although guaranteed parking at the hotel, that we would be parking a block away in the public underground parking in the library for 10$ a day.Once we brought all our luggage into our room, which smelled of musky, stale smoke (we had to spray perfume, open a window and turn on a fan in order to get rid of the smell), we went to park our car and walked back to the hotel. As we were walking to our room, the front desk clerk (and owner, which we later found out) rudely informed us that we should respect the other patrons of the hotel and not be loud or we'd be kicked out. We found it extremely disrespectful considering the only reason he said this was because we were three young girls (20-22).We got to our hotel room to find that we only had 2 towels so we went down to ask for one extra as there were three of us, and he reluctantly gave us an extra towel. Every time we would leave the hotel, whether it was early in the morning for sightseeing and shopping, or later at night for dinner and dancing, the front desk would always ask us which room we were staying in, which we found to be a little odd. We didnt think much of it.On our third day at the hotel (new years eve), we arrived at the hotel after sightseeing to the police at the hotel. We later found out that over 1000$ worth of items and money had been stolen from a room on the same floor as us. The hotel does not provide safes and does not use swipe cards for their rooms. We are provided with one key and the extras are all with the hotel staff. The owners denied having any involvement in the robbery, and refused to let the police search the housekeeping or owners vehicles or property for the stolen items... a little fishy in my opinion.The hotel staff, aside from one individual who worked the overnight shifts, are crooked and give horrible customer service. Not once did we feel welcome. We will never be back to this hotel and I hope you will chose another place to stay during your visit as well. Their staff are not trustworthy and completely ruined the one groups (who's property was stolen) new years and trip, along with ours.The fact that they asked what room we were in when we LEFT our rooms, random phone calls/hang ups late morning and early evening to see if we were in our rooms, etc... it all added up. DO NOT VISIT THIS HOTEL WHEN IN MONTREAL!! It may seem like a good deal at the time, however, I'd STRONGLY advise against it. Whether this incident was a one time occurance, I would hate to see this happen again to another group of travellers.	
Oct 6 2008 	Not worth the money	Excellent location. Better not to write about the rest	
May 19 2008 	An OK hotel	I booked this hotel mainly for the price. We wanted to spend a weekend in Montreal, but without breaking our budged: I believe the price I paid was $76 plus taxes. I have to say – if you value your comfort and you want a big room with a big bathroom, this is NOT the place for you. This hotel must have the smallest rooms I have ever been in, though it was clean. It looks more like a hostel. I personally didn’t care so much for the furniture, or TV, or for any of the other little things, as I was there just to sleep, not to spend my day. It is a very modest looking place though!! The breakfast was little but OK, though I could see how this is not enough for a guy. Also, the eating area was pretty poor looking – yet, I would not hold this against it. The pluses: the hotel is located close to many clubs and bars, and for young people this would be an ideal location. I didn’t care much for most of those clubs, but the hotel is in walking distance (maybe a 20 min walk) from the more upscale clubs and restaurants. So if you don’t want the hassle of finding a parking place in downtown and just ride the subway, returning to the hotel late in the night won’t be a problem. Also, I would list the price as a plus. The staff was helpful, and we had no issues.The minuses: because it was close to so many bars, it turned out to be a very noisy location too. I mean, extremely noisy, because I am pretty tolerant myself. The parking could be an issue in the winter. We parked a block away, in the garage at Cegep Du Vieux Montreal which was I believe $15/night. There are cheaper options, but these are not covered parking lots, which may be an issue in the winter. And obviously, if you are all for comfort you will be a bit disappointed about this place. For instance we had to ask for towels because there weren't enough.Overall, this is a good place for young people traveling on a budget. You get what you pay for!	
Mar 6 2008	My Filthy Experiene With Unfriedly Service	This was probably the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. When we first arrived the person at the front desk demanded we pay for our 3 nights in advance,which I reluctantly agreed to,(that was a mistake!)When we entered our room there was stains all over the carpet it smelled and there was very poor lighting from 2 small lamps on the attached piece of plywood hanging from the wall. We figured we could endure, after all it was only 3 nights. when we got up the next morning we seen how bad this place really was with natural daylight. We figured that things may get better when they cleaned the room,mistake #2. When we got back from our sightseeing day our hotel room had not been cleaned, so I went down to the front desk to complain And was made to feel that it was my problem. Bear in mind that this was a weekend of the Presidents Cup and the $59 nights were now $129 nights. After the second night I had enough and went down to check out, at this time I was told that the hotel required 48 hours notice but they would be nice and only charge me for 1 night. I made my reservations over the phone and was not informed of any cancellation whatsoever . Overall,this was the worst travel experience I ever had. Did I mention this hotel is right next door to a strip club(sort of sleazy,no? )	
Nov 25 2007 	Perfect !	I stayed 1 night at Hotel Quartier Latin in a 2 double beds room in November. We were 4 University students going to Montreal to attend a Conference. I strongly recommend this hotel to everyone, especially young people who like night life, because, we have to say it, the hotel can't be in a better location. You are in the middle of everything, and St-Denis Street is all about hanging out with friends, visiting bars, and boutiques of all kinds. The room was perfect, very clean, a good size, a little small but perfect, TV, the washroom is very clean, no problem there, we also had a cute dormer window. The receptionists are also very very helpful, since we didn't know the city, they gave us a plan and helped us a lot. I have know negative to tell about our stay there. Maybe, one little thing is that we had let the window opened during the night and at 3h30 in the morning, we were waken up by people who left bars. But it didn't last long. Perfect perfect! Moreover, the building has recently been renovated. I recommand this hotel to everbody!!!!!! The fees are also so low!!!!	
Nov 13 2007	Perfect Location Nice Place	I found this hotel through Orbitz, and we liked it alot. It is in an old building so the rooms have that kind of old Europe size and character. Nice and clean, we enjoyed our 2 night stay. The rate was excellent, and we were centrally located to downtown so dining and tourist fun was all within walking distance. Short drive out to Olympic area. The only negative is parking. Parking isn't included and they only have a few spaces. Parking in nearby lots and on the street is manageable but inconvenient. I slept a few minutes late and got a parking ticket. There is a go-go bar nearby but the neighborhood is safe and friendly with nice shops and excellent restaurants.	
Nov 12 2007 	We enjoyed our stay	I have visited Montreal three times this year. During our last visit, we stayed here and we found it to be quite reasonable for the price. I dont remember exactly how much we paid for our two rooms, but for the price, what else could you ask for? For young adults, the frills dont seem to be of as much more importance than having a bed to sleep in and a bathroom to use. We stayed for two nights. I dont thnk that the rooms were small at all. We had a window with a &quot;sort-of&quot; ledge i guess that you could sit on and look out on St. Denis. We never ate breakfast here, we always walked accross the street to the cafe. Its a great location, if youre there to have a good time and experience montreals nightlife. Shopping is great, no matter how much you walk. Honestly, i wouldnt want to experience it in any other way. We are planning to visit again in November. We have made reservations to stay here, i hope i dont experience anything like the rest of you have.Also, the other two times i have visited montreal, i stayed at econo and some other SMALLLLLL hotel in old montreal. I would recommend this hotel tremendously over the other two! Much cleaner, better location. I guess its a matter of opinion.	
Sep 23 2007 	Horrible Hotel Experience!	My Fiance and I stayed in this hotel for a week in June. The location was perfect, right in the centre of everything. However, on leaving the hotel it was very obvious that my fiance had several items of his clothes missing. I have searched everywhere and the clothes were GONE!! When I contacted the hotel 3 days after checking out, they told me that the room still hadn't been cleaned, and said they would contact me if they found anything... I am still waiting for that return call.	
Jul 20 2007 	Not luxury but great location	The room was dark and looked out on the air shaft. This actually was a bonus because we were staying when Montreal was having a street festival. Since we had an interior room, it cut out the noise from the street. The room did have dim lights and and could use some painting, but it was clean, the bathroom was clean and the door was secure. We also were able to pay for off-street parking. It's a good value if you are looking for cost and security and are not concerned with the frills. It also has a great location. Directly on Rue St. Denis, it is near a subway station and has many interesting restaurants within walking distance.	
Jan 7 2007 	Moldy Misty Humid And No A/C	No air conditioning, hot humid days were with us in Summer 2006, and rooms were musty, hot and felt wet, moist, &amp; humid. My room door was open when I got there, propped open by a garbage can, presumably to get misty-ness out of the room before guests arrive. Rooms are tiny, beds are tiny - Hotel is right beside a strip joint. Rooms do not accomodate 2 people, bed is too small. Did I mention no AC? Lobby door of hotel is wide open to let air in. Not accessible, steep stairs. Staff aren't professional, it's some guy in early 20s, for about 20$ more I got a room at the Sheraton on Hotwire, and left the room at Quartier Latin, it was garbage it was not worth it.	
Aug 30 2006 	Bad Hotel	The only great thing I can say about this hotel is the location. The price they charge for our stay (5 nights) was expensive. The rooms were unclean, the patio had lots of dirty bottles in addition to dirty windows. The towels well worn and our room was relatively small with old and well used dresser and night table. The TV was located above on a ledge whose shelf was very unclean. Our sheets were not changed at all during the entire week we stayed at this hotel. The staff unfriendly. This hotel did not accomodate for disabled with no elevator at all in the building. One had to pack your suitcase (s) to the entrance then to your hotel room. Never bothered with the continental breakfast. Would not recommend this hotel for anyone to stay in. Lastly, they charged my credit card for unknown cost in which I disputed and disallowed payment despite the fact, my hotel room was paid in cash for our 5 night stay.	
Jul 19 2006	College Dorms Have More Charm	First, the good news: This hotel is inexpensive and in a very good location. Now, the bad news: This is a four story building without a working elevator. Hence, I had to schlep our luggage up four flights of stairs. They told me they have no elevator, but I found it the next morning with tape over the buttons. It was probably not working and they didn't feel like fixing it. We also had a problem with the airconditioning in our room, which by the way was the size of a walk-in closet. The hallways were ice cold. It took three phone calls the night we checked in to get someone to turn on the air. Each time we returned to our room, the air conditioning was off, yet the manager insisted it was working. I think they turn it off during the day when guests are out to save money. Then there was the continental breakfast, which consisted of 1 muffin or croissant, 1 cup of coffee and 1 cup of O.J. I think they would be better off doing away with the free breakfast so they could save enough money to fix the elevator. Parking in the rear was adequate. The room was clean, but the towels were old and battered. Overall, if you need a place to sleep for a few nights and service is not your top priority, then I highly recommend this hotel.	
May 23 2006	Can't go wrong either way....	After reading a couple of bad reviews of this place, my buddies and I thought that staying at this place would be a terrible idea--we were totally wrong. True, that this isn't exactly your Ritz Carlton, but remember that you get what you pay for. Don't expect a five-star hotel for $80 a night. It's basically your no frills hotel.Would this be a good hotel to bring the family? Maybe not. Is it a good place for young people to stay to save a couple bucks so they can party harder in Montreal? Absoutely.For a couple of young guys in our 20's, we had a memorable time in this hotel. Being on St. Denis, it's close to many popular restaurants, clubs, and bars. Interestingly enough, the hotel is right beside L'Axe strip club. That may be a good thing for some of you boys out there. It's also close to the St. Catherine scene (if you know what i'm talking about). And for those who like to party crazy until the sun comes up, Aria is just right down the street--the hotel is in a perfect location to stumble in for a late morning snooze. As well, the hotel is within reasonable walking distance to the popular St. Laurent club and bar scene.The hotel is crammed with many young money conscious people. So if you're looking for a couple of guys or gals to party with, this could be the place.There were a few negatives about this place:- First, the parking situation at the hotel was less than ideal. I did not trust parking my car behind the back alley of the hotel. Parking was very cramp and would only hold about 8-10 cars max. The parking was also very incovenient. You basically had to walk up to Ontario St. and then make your way down St. Denis to the hotel. - The rooms in the hotel are very small; however with some creative rearranging of the furniture, our standard one bed hotel room was able to house 3 guys and 2 air matresses.- Third, our hotel room had a really funky smell to it. The smell was so strong that I was able to notice the noxious odors while I passed out after a night of heavy drinking and partying.- Finally, the wake up call system was non-existent. We put in a wake up call for Sunday, May 21, 2006 at 11:00am and to this date we're still waiting for it; they never called. As well, there are no alarm clocks in the room, but thankfully cell phones have alarm clock features.The Latin Quarter definitely has some character to it. If you're looking to have a good time in Montreal and only need a hotel room to sleep, get intimate, and house your personal belongings, then this is the place for you. Montreal is a fantastic place with all its history, culture, nightlife, and most importantly, its dark-haried French beauties. It's a top-notch place to unwind and have a great time. When in Montreal, there's no need to be uptight. It's a great city and when you're having this much fun with all the things to do here, the hotel should be the last thing on your mind. Yes, I may have noted more negatives than positives, but I think this hotel rocks! I definitely would come back and stay at the Latin Quarter again; it's a great bang for your buck.	
Apr 24 2006	Perfect Budget Hotel -- If you're not a crybaby.	I am utterly shocked at all the bad reviews about this hotel. Don't believe them!!! I'm 23 years old and have travelled extensively through Europe. If you are a young, budget traveller and have ever stayed in a hostel or pension, this place will make you very happy. It is rediculously cheap too. The location is amazing, especially if you are going to be going to nightclubs. We walked everywhere. I personally was extremely pleased. The staff was very helpful and spoke English. The towels were thin and scraggly but who cares, you are getting a budget hotel because you have no money, if you require plush towels then pay to stay somewhere nice, it doesn't take a genious to figure that out. The room was clean, the bathroom was clean. Since everyone is so hair obsessed on this site, here's what I have to say: There were 2 brown eyelashes on my pillow. I plucked them off the pillow and ate them because who cares about a couple of hairs?!!! You won't die. You won't even get sick. You won't get a disease. Brush them off. The sheets were obviously clean because they smelled like a fresh spring day. The room was BIGGER than expected. I was so inspired I hung up my clothes in the closet and put my socks in the drawers. I never do that. There was a TV. There was a hair dryer. There was soap. That is all you need. My girlfriend who is deathly afraid of bugs, hairs and stains and who refuses to stay in hostels was totally fine with this place. Not a complaint at all from her and that says alot.If you are an conservative adult who is used to staying in big chain hotels and never roughed it in your life, or you are the kind of person who demands an entirely new burger at a restaurant because they accidently put tomatoes on it and even if you take them off &quot;there's still a little bit of juice on it&quot;, or you used to tell the teacher when people cheated when you were in high school, or you correct people's grammar during ordinary conversation, or you home school your children... then don't stay here. You are obviously very uptight and picky. Go to the Holiday Inn where you can get all that complaining out of your system, snidely acting like a big shot when you tell the manager you are going to &quot;contact the regional offices about this.&quot; Hotel Quartier Latin is $60 Canadian for a room, are you nuts, what do you expect??!? Obviously this place isn't worth a 5. I mean its a 2 star hotel. But really, I was generally impressed by this place for the price. We got a double bed room for $74 Canadian. 2 couples sharing the room, we $20 each a night for our stay and loved every minute of it.PS- Budget minded, relaxed adults don't think that this is a &quot;party hotel.&quot; It was actually extremely quiet as well!!PPS- If you are under 25 years old and have a problem with this place, it's time to learn to &quot;chill out&quot; a little bit.COOL TRAVEL TIP:In this hotel, there is no stereo in the rooms... But the TV has auxillary inputs in the front. So, if you bring your iPod and the cable you use to connect it to a stereo (headphone jack to red and white plugs), you can plug that into the front of the TV and use the TV's speakers as a stereo!! Awesome!!	
Apr 11 2006	Disgusting Room	I was looking for a clean inexspensive room for a four day stay. I came across the Hotel Quartier Latin. I saw the pictures and thought well I am there for Montreal not the room. Upon arrival I found that the street was completely under constrution and that I could not drive up to the hotel. I had been in contact with the management just days before to confirm our reservations. The managment never once let us know that the street was completely torn apart. We tried several ways to get to the Hotel and finally just parked the car and walked. Once we got to the hotel there was only the cleaning staff and they only spoke french. I speak a some french and it was difficult to comunicate but we did understand each other. I was to go behind the hotel in a alley and find the rear entrance to the hotel and that is where I was to park. I didn't feel to good about leaving my car there but I had paid cash for parking. When we got to the room it was as big as a closet. I stripped the bed right away and found numberous hairs. Long black hairs. I both beds. The floor had not been vacuumed in days. It was digusting. Long hair and other stuff on the floor in the bathroom. I did go to the front desk and stated that I did not want the room. The young lady that was at the desk did not speak english but we were able to communicate that the manager would be there in just minutes. He arrived shortly and I explained that we were not happy with the room. He gave us a new room. It was bigger but the floor was disgustin. Stains everywhere. The floor had not been vacuumed in days. Again hair in the shower, long black hair. Hair on the floor. It was obviouse that the room had not been cleaned since the last person was there. We did decide to stay only because we were on a budget and also we felt that we would have a hard time to find another room since it was a weekend. The second day we asked the management to clean the room. Management with a stern and staight face tells us that the room will be cleaned that afternoon. We stated to him that the room had already been cleaned because the beds were made up but the floor was still dirty and that we had proof that the floor was not vacuumed and that there was long black hair in the bath room. He refused to see for him self and that he just continued to say the same thing over and over again that the room would be cleaned by the afternoon. Well it never did. We were there for four days and the room was never vacuumed or cleaned. It was the dirtiest room I have ever stayed in and i would never recommend the hotel to anyone. It was the one and only time I will ever stay there. It was just disgusting . As for the breakfast I never saw it, not even a hint of it. No service, no clean room, and the management could care less. Also the towels were the worst. Very linty and thin and scratchy. Just a bad experience from the get go.	
Oct 3 2005	Great for the Price	After reading all the awful reviews i was nervous to stay at this hotel. The price was too good to be ignored though and my boyfriend and i kept the reservation. The hotel is in the center of the downtown montreal excitement. I would say this hotel is probably better for a younger crowd. This was all we saw for guests and it seemed apt. The walls are thin but except for a couple loud guys in the room next to us the last morning it was not a problem. The price we paid was near hostel prices and the accomodations were much more private with a full bath. The Creperie next door was wonderful as well, though slow service. We ate there both mornings. Staying away from the more touristy stuff we saw a lot of live jazz and blues for free. the artists were all friendly and interactive. Great stay over all. Better for people looking for a cheap place to stay instead of a romantic or a quite one.	
Sep 26 2005	The Worst Hotel I have ever stayed	I selected this hotel because it was situated in downtown with most of the famous attractions within walking distance. Therefore the location was ideal. I and my husband stayed 2 nights. Our experience with the hotel during the 2 day stay is far from satisfying. First, the hotel staff is not friendly at all. They need to be taught how to smile! They did speak English which was very useful for us because we didn’t speak French. But the staff needs to be trained on “Personal Relations&quot; skills. We found them very unfriendly and depressing. Although the hotel advertises them as &quot;a friendly atmosphere with outstanding service&quot;, they are far from it.The rooms were small but manageable for a few nights’ sleep. I found the room and the bathroom to be surprisingly cleaner than expected. The free-continental b'fast cannot be called a “continental b'fast” at all. It is either one muffin or one croissant. Not both! The b’fast was served by one of the staff. Why can’t they allow the guests to serve themselves? On both days that we went to get b’fast, the person who served the tea and croissant spilled the tea on my tray. I found them to be very clumsy and careless. How can this happen on both days??? Anyway, he did not offer to change my wet tray or the croissant. He just apologized and said he is “new” and offered an additional napkin!For parking, they charge $10 a day. If you park your car there, never, never hand your keys to the front desk. I was unlucky enough to hand them the keys so they car move the car within the car park. When I got in to the car the second day I found somebody has nipped my loose coins (kept to pay tolls) and a bag full of snacks away from the car and the hotel staff is clueless about it and wasn’t very helpful when approached. We have stayed at many other hotels in the past and this hotel is by far the worst.	
Sep 1 2005	What is everyone complaining about? It was great!	I guess there is no pleasing some people. From the moment my fiance and I arrived, we had a great experience.First of all, St. Denis proved to be such a cultural melting pool, with different ethnic cuisines everywhere you looked, and it literally begins at the base of the hotel steps. The maps and information located in the lobby proved to be indispensable, as well as the service from the front desk. Checkout time was a full 8 hours before our return flight home, but they offered to store our luggage while we spent another full, fantastic day wandering the streets downtown. Upon our return to the hotel, they had a taxi waiting for us! Couldn't have been more helpful. The Berri-Uqam metro station is a 2 minute walk away, and you will find 3 different major routes to access, that take you downtown, to close to Mount Royal, and following a short bus ride after the train, over to La Ronde and the FANTASTIC Casino Montreal (more fantastic due to the fact we left with more money than we walked in with!)As for the actual rooms, pretty small, but what more do you need from a room in Montreal than a bed, a TV, and a shower. Throw in a fridge to chill some wine, or a few beers, and fresh towels everyday, and who really cares about &quot;a smudge or two on the wall&quot;. A hair in the shower or sink? TURN THE WATER ON AND RINSE IT AWAY!!All in all, for $77 Canadian a night, we couldn't have imagined anything more perfect, and we plan on returning next year.	
Aug 5 2005	Excellent Value Budget Hotel	If you are looking for a good value budget hotel right in the middle of Montreal's St-Denis street Nightlife you can't be better served. For a little under 60 Canadian Dollars I got a clean budget hotel in the center of town. I was actually looking on foot for something closer to where I usually go out at night than the Holiday-inn I had stayed in the year before was and for 1/3 the price I couldn't be happier. I don't spend much time in my room besides for sleeping, taking a shower and perhaps catching the news on the TV so in my case it did fine.	
Aug 5 2005	Inexplicably bad service dirty rooms questionable honesty	My husband and I had a fine stay at the Hotel Quartier Latin earlier this year on the recommendation of a friend. Admittedly, the room was not as clean as it should have been -- there was hair in the shower and on the bathroom floor, and I'm still not sure what the smudge was on the toilet roll dispenser but I'd rather not think about it. But we were having such a good time we decided to let this slide, and booked again for July.What a mistake.I phoned in June and made a three-night reservation for late July. I received a confirmation number over the phone and assumed all was fine. When we arrived, everything again was fine, and I filled out a (completely blank) check-in card with my address, license plate info, etc. All seemed well and we settled into our very small but adequate room for two uneventful nights. There was a refrigerator in the room, great for my husband's medication, and the room was reasonably clean.On the morning of our third night, however, the problems began. The day clerk told us upon returning from brunch that he'd expected us to be out at noon. I explained that he was mistaken and we were reserved for three nights, and he said that was wrong and we would have to leave the hotel. I dug out my confirmation number and personal notes indicating the correct dates I had requested. The clerk, who had no real evidence to the contrary, attempted to convince me I had agreed at check-in that we were staying only two nights and that I had written it on the check-in card. This card was blank when I filled it in, and after the fact he had written in the dates to turn on and turn off the phone -- not real evidence at all. He then told me outright that I must be mistaken about the reservation because he would have tried to charge me $174 for the Saturday and not $89 as he had the previous two nights! Apparently there is no system for writing down reservations at the hotel with accurate information that he could show me, despite the fact that I had a confirmation number handy.The clerk attempted to call, or pretended to call, the hotel manager twice to discuss the situation and eventually said that he'd handle it himself since the manager &quot;probably wouldn't be as nice&quot; as he would. (?!?) His &quot;nice&quot; solution was to have us move rooms (why??????) and charge us not $89, $89 and $174, but rather $109, $109 and $109 for the three nights. Since I was reserved for $89, $89, and $89, I was put off to say the least. But since my husband is ill and we hadn't the time to reschedule anywhere else on a very busy night (with Gay Pride right behind the hotel -- hmm, do you think they were hoping we'd leave so they could get a better price?) we agreed to let the hotel charge us an extra $60 *just to continue staying there when we were already reserved*!Then we were not allowed to stay in our room since it was &quot;rented&quot; already, and were moved to a larger, much dirtier room! This room had no refrigerator, had black scuff marks on the wall next to one bed, hairs ALL OVER the sheets of both beds, and the bedside lamp was broken. It was an inexplicable and inexcusable &quot;solution&quot; to what was in the best case a mistake on their end, and the room was definitely not worth $109 no matter how busy a day it was. The clerk also tried to get me to pay him in total up front numerous times, despite having my credit card on file and my insistence that I would pay my balance in cash at check-out. Perhaps this was because he knew the next day's clerk was exceedingly bad at math, even with a calculator, as another reviewer mentioned. This actually worked in our favour as he failed to overcharge me *quite* as much as the other clerk had intended. I also complained at check-out about the dirty sheets and the clerk seemed confused and embarrassed, and when I mentioned that the lamp was broken, he just said, &quot;I don't know anything about the lamp.&quot;Add us to the list of &quot;never agains&quot;!	
Jul 9 2005	I should've taken pictures of the icky	If I had known I could post pictures to this site I would've taken photos of:1) The supposedly &quot;clean&quot; sheets which were covered in human hairs (well, by covered, I counted 18 different hairs). 2) The brownish/greenish/yellowish slimy mildew on the lovely, forest-photoed shower curtain.3) The weird stains on the carpet4) My boyfriend's face covered in white pills of cloth from the translucent towels. 5) The tacky picture that was fastened to the wall in an incredibly crooked position.6) The look on the staffer's face when I asked for new sheets (not nice).7) The cardboard bed.8) The yellow stains on the pillows.9) The bag of Fritos left behind from the last occupant.Overall, I don't expect much from a one-star hotel...but to me one-star is like a Motel-6. All i ask for are clean sheets, clean shower and a halfway decent mattress. Not here!First, there is no parking so be warned that you're going to have to park a block or so away which is about 40$ for 2 days. So it'll be worth spending an extra 40$ for a better hotel with parking.Second, expect to wait 25 minutes for someone to come to the desk to give you your key. We even tried calling the hotel from the front phone... the other phone just rang and rang and rang... Third, When dragging your luggage in, don't expect the staff to open the door for you. Instead, just let them watch you struggle.Fourth, When you ask for clean sheets, don't expect concern or even sheets right away. I got the inquisition even after I showed the guy all the hairs. He kept pointing to the creases telling me that was proof that they were clean. Fifth, you can't cancel a reservation completely. If you do, your cancellation fee is one night. You also have to give 48 hours notice. We wanted to cancel our 2nd night and were allowed the option of paying and giving up the room...even though they were sold out and could've sold it.	
Jun 30 2005	Good deal for the price	Ok, this is a budget hotel, so everything feels kinda cheap, but for the price I felt it I got good value for money.We stayed there 4 nights, my wife and I had a double room (one double bed) and my sister stayed in a single room.The hotel does provide breakfast: coffee or tea, orange juice and either a croissant or a muffin (both from costco). Breakfast won't win any awards but for a budget hotel its nice to get something to start your day of site seeing not on an empty stomach. The rooms were of fine size, included a small table with two chairs, a small closet and dresser and a bathroom. There was enough floor space to open our suitcases and still walk around and use the table. There was no in-room coffee maker, but the TV worked fine. The hotel is centrally air conditioned but you can't control the temperature from your room, when we were there they tended to keep it a little on the cool side, which I liked though my sister did not. Location: The hotel is in lively rue St Denis which is just wonderful. It really comes alive at night (the street, not the hotel) and is full of great restaurants. Even late at night there are lots of people on the street (not scary at all) all going to and from the local eateries. During our four nights there we ate at a different restaurant every night, all were great and none were more than 2 minutes walk from the hotel. Note however, that the hotel is not in downtown, it's about 15-20 minutes walk from there. This is a short distance that I don't think will be an issue to a tourist who expects to spend the whole day walking from site to site. In any event, the subway station is only 4 minutes walk from the hotel, so it's not a big deal anyway.There is no parking in the hotel and the street is always packed. There is no elevator.Finally, do bear in mind that this is a budget hotel, so don't expect the level of decor or the quality of the furnishings to reach that of the more expensive chain hotels. If you keep in mind what you paid and use the money you save to enjoy eating out at one of the many fine restaurants on rue St Denis I think you'll be satisfied.	
Jun 23 2005	The worst experience of my life!	This place is a dump! No parking, small rooms, dirty carpets, poor service from hotel staff, bad continental breakfast, etc. I visit Montreal quite frequently (3-4 times a year), and there are many other hotels that offer a better value in the downtown area. Don't even bother with this one!	
Jun 6 2005	Didn't give us our reservations!	This hotel looked great on the internet, from the outside, and in the lobby. However, when we arrived, we were told that &quot;there was water damage&quot; in our room and would not be able to stay there. However, they arranged for us to stay at the Hotel Europeene. Another bad choice. They &quot;forget&quot; reservations and try to pawn you off on a worse place.	
Apr 5 2005	It was great!	We stayed there last summer in July 2004, during the Just for Laughs comedy festival. The hotel was right in the middle of the festival, which made getting there a bit confusing, but once we were settled it was great to be in the middle of everything. The room was small yet clean, and we had no problems at all with our stay there. I would definately reccommend it!	
Oct 7 2004	Cheap hotel in a central location if you don't mind a dirty room	My boyfriend an I stayed at this hotel this past weekend. The location's great for the price, but beware, rooms are not kept clean. We found hair in the bathtub, the sink and in our sheets. Another thing to beware of is that the heat and air conditioning is cotrolled at the front desk. We had to constantly call and ask to have the air conditioning put on. Very disapointed, would not return.	
Aug 9 2004	Good Hotel for the Price	For the price, this hotel is a very good buy. It is not a five star hotel, and does not claim to be. There is no elevator but you can get some assistance with taking your luggage up if you wish. The staff was most cheerful and courteous. We never came in or went out without someone greeting us. The cleaning staff was efficient. The contenintal breakfast was served with a smile and the croissants were warm and the muffins fresh. Children were treated very kindly. Rooms are small, but beds are comfortable and clean. (Who cares what you see when you look out the window.) We went for the Montreal Jazz Festival and were just a short walk from the main stage. For the money, you cannot find anything more satisfactory. And frankly, we did not see any ants as was mentioned in another review.	
Jul 26 2004	Fantastic Location and Decent Value But the Staff is Inconsistent	I stayed here for two nights from 24-25 July 2004, in a single room, #410, on the top floor for C$69+tax. Although my floor was technically the 4th floor, the 2nd floor was actually street level and 1st floor the basement, so I only had to haul my luggage up 2 flights of stairs. I found my room adequately clean, basically furnished and ok-sized, given that this is a budget, European-style hotel (i.e. small rooms and few frills). At least I could move around the room without having to worry about banging my arm or feet against something. My room was at the back of the hotel with a view of the back alley and some parking lots beyond, but I did manage to get a glimpse of the fireworks on Saturday night when the International Fireworks Competition was active. The TV with cable channels was quite well sized for the room, probably 21-inch. The rationed breakfast was available in the breakfast room during the short time frame of 8-10am, and I never bothered to eat there because of the wealth of cafes and breakfast places immediately outside the hotel. Parking is available in a parking lot 1-2 minutes away by foot, but the price varies from free to C$10, depending on how busy the hotel is and who you speak to. Basically the hotel maintains a couple of monthly passes at the lot which they then give to guests. I stayed during a busy weekend (much of the Latin Quarter was pedestrianised for the Francofolies festival) and paid C$7 per day for the parking. The staff can be friendly, but the guy who did my bill was lousy with math (even with a calculator), so check your bill carefully. The biggest selling point of the hotel is the location - close to the UQAM subway station and the Central Station for trains, and right in the middle of the Latin Quarter on rue St-Denis. One will not starve or thirst here.	
Feb 23 2004	Basic but in a great location	This is a basic hotel, but clean, cheap, and in a great location.It's surrounded by lively restaurants - there's a great vegetarian buffet across the road, and Italian, Thai, pizza, Chinese etc just a few doors away. There is a university in the area, so there are lots of people out and about till quite late and it feels quite safe. It's toward the fringes of the restaurant area, so the rooms are quiet.It's very easily walkable to Old Montreal and, if you like walking a little further, to many other great areas. Although there's no parking onsite, it's only one block away from a major subway station. The subway will take you around town and to all major tourist attractions, and also to the shuttle that goes to the airport.The rooms are small, but adequate, and have a small refrigerator. The views are of the surrounding streets etc, but if you're going there for the location and price, they really don't matter! The tvs only have basic channels, so plan to see Montreal while you are there!Breakfast is simple, but nice, with croissants, muffins, various cereals, juice and coffee, and they will try to give you as much as you can carry!CONS: There are no laundry facilities, however we were told that there was one nearby if we needed it. There was also no iron available, so bring non-wrinkle fabrics, but they do provide drawers and hangers. If you like thick toilet paper and towels, bring your own, but they will happily provide more if you need them. Next door is a strip club, but it has pleasant security guys, you can't see in, and the rest of the area is nice. It never bothered us, however if you are taking your family and don't want to explain what it is ....In conclusion, this is a great budget hotel (we paid approx CA$70), in a lively and convenient location. We recommend it to other budget travellers, but don't expect luxury.	
Oct 14 2003	Very frustrating stay	We researched hotels (but unfortunately not the previous and very accurate review that someone else already left) and found this hotel in the heart of the city. We paid $120 a night for what we were told was a very nice, large room. The room was smaller than any hotel room I'd ever seen. The carpets were gross, there was NO parking (and I had been guaranteed parking when I called as I knew we were arriving at midnight on a Friday). After 7 hours of driving and just wanting to get settled, I arrived and was told I had to drive around crowded city streets and try to find an open lot with space. I never saw any sort of breakfast.We ended up cancelling the rest of the nights and went to the Holiday Inn. It was the same price for a very nice exective room in a clean hotel with concierge, an indoor pool, gym, sauna, parking and city views. I can't believe the Quartier Latin was charging as much.	
May 27 2003	Worst Hotel I Have Ever Stayed In! Beware!	I went to this hotel because Orbitz showed that it was 2 star, close to Catherine St., city view, and parking available. What A Lie! It was close to Catherine St, however, there was NO parking, in fact we had to park in a garage two blocks away and make two trips back and forth to our car in the parking garage, the cost of parking was expensive. Our room was on the fourth floor (no elevevator) and the room was overlooking the &quot;city&quot; which was really just a dumpster out back. It gets worse... I left a bag of cookies on the nightstand and went out for a few hours, and when I came back there was a huge ant infestation in the room, all over my clothes, in my bed, and all over the cookies. I told the person at the front desk, and at first he suggested we spray the ants with something to kill them, after enough arguing, he agrees to move us to a new hotel, two blocks away... making all our belongings 4 blocks away from our car. WHAT A PAIN IN THE ***!!! Not to mantion the room is the size of a broom closet! Oh yeah, the continental breakfast is a frickin muffin and a croissant that they must have bought down the street... and out front the sign reads &quot;bead and breakfast.&quot; Dont be taken for a fool! BEWARE!!!	
May 3 2003	A good cheap stay!	We took a chance on this cheap hotel ($64 CA a night) and were pleasantly surprised. It is pretty basic, but was very clean and new, and had a comfy Queen sized bed. The location was amazing, right in the heart of a bustling area. If you are looking for a place under $100 a night, I'd recommend it!	
Oct 27 2009 	Pas cher mais c'est comme dormir dans un garde-robe élargi.		
Oct 5 2009 	Bien situé...		
Jan 12 2009 	A éviter		
Oct 9 2006	Mauvaise experience		
