Jul 24 2009 	Never again!	They say it's well located wich is true... BUT... some one broke into my car, normal thing says the front desk! happens all the time... as for the rooms, eventhough i got a non smoking room it smelled like an ash tray. For 20$ or so, you could book downtown in somewhere nicer!	
Jun 6 2009 	Not "Royal" at all	Stayed in a non-smoking room - (aren't they all suppose to be now?) but the smell of old cigarette smoke was so strong it was overwhelming. Front desk staff was friendly and the location is very handy to the Metro and the Versailles Plaza Mall. The price was very reasonable and we were with a boys sports team so there were lots of large lounge areas for the group to assemble. All the clothes and the suitcases came home stinking like smoke - they really need to steam clean/deodorie the entire place. Some of the interior rooms had no windows at all, other rooms had windows that could not be opened. The breakfast was $5.00 and consisted of prepackaged pastries and basic box cereals and some apples.	
Nov 17 2008	Great place to book an event	I booked a conference room for my book launch at this hotel, and I was not disappointed. The room was ready when I arrived and the staff courteous and very helpful. I had many boxes to unload, and I had a staff member who assisted me. Whatever I requested, I was given. I was allowed to bring my own food, which was a bonus for me. The evening turned out very successful and my guests were pleased with the location (lots of parking too) and the spacious surroundings.Thanks Royal Versailles for helping to make my book launch a memorable day for me!Laura Fabiani, author of Daughter of Mine	
Jun 16 2008 	Don't bring your car	Decent hotel, but our rental car was stolen out of the parking lot during lunch. This seem to be very common in Montreal. The car was quickly replaced by the rental car company so it didn't really ruin our vacation. If you come to montreal leave your car at home, rent a domestic car and get full coverage.	
May 3 2008 	Good Hotel...if you don't mind cigarette smoke	Hotel location was great, right on Metro. Rooms were clean and functional.... typical hotel rooms. Problem was with the smell of cigarette smoke. We were in a non-smoking room but it had obviously been smoked in, and the windows didn't open to let in air. Asked to be moved but no rooms were available. The front desk said they would put a machine in to clear the air but it didn't work. Front desk staff were very pleasant but did not always follow through on what they promised. I'm not a picky traveller but the smell of smoke made it difficult to sleep. I could even smell it on all the clothes in my suitcase. It made what would have been a great stay for the price, into an uncomfortable visit. I would recommend this place if you are a smoker or don't mind the smell of smoke. Others in our group had a similar problems in their non-smoking rooms.	
Oct 8 2007 	Great Hotel Great Rate	Great location - close to the metro and on a major road. Very nice staff. Felt completely comfortable speaking English and French. Free parking. Hotel price was excellent. Hotel lobbies are very nice. Free wireless internet, but you have to register with the front desk. Views from the rooms are not great (while I enjoyed watching cars on Rue Sherbrooke at night, the other options are a parking lot and a powerplant, I believe). Tub drain didn't drain. Hotel restaurant was decent, a bit overpriced, and often crowded by large business groups, but there's a mall nearby with decent restaurants. (I recommend Mike's in particular). As a warning, the Harvey's across the street made me homesick for a McDonald's hamburger - and I've never had *that* feeling before.	
Aug 22 2007 	A nice little hotel	I've also stayed in Montreal before, at both the downtown Delta and at the Maritime Hotel and found this place really not too bad. When I read that it was only 2 star it made me worry about what ''hole in the wall'' my family was going to be staying at but I was pleasantly surprised with my stay at the Royal Versailles.We had no problem with the room, bed sizes or the room service, and even though the room wasn't perfect [wallpaper was split at the seam in one spot and the bathroom roof had a hole in the plaster] it wasn't as though it was a complete nightmare. We stayed two nights there and they really weren't all that bad, and if you want a nice view, ask for a room overlooking the swimming pool [just look at my view]. Plus, I traveled here with my 73 year old father who had a stroke in Nov. of 2005 and found it more than convenient for him to walk about while we stayed here.Now we never had a chance to eat at the restaurant so I can't offer an opinion on the food or service offered there but I wasn't terribly disappointed with the Royal Versailles Hotel and I'd recommend it to some one who'd like a simple stay and save a few $$$ at a nice little hotel.	
May 27 2007	Never going back	Usually, paying about 200 bucks per night should fetch us something decent, courteous and relaxing. Instead, we paid the money and received unknowledgeable staff who did not even know the general info surrounding the tourist industry (eg, is the Metro strike over), were not welcoming and shrugged off problems associated with the suite, itself (eg, light on the night-table did not work, etc).They misrepresented the style of the breakfast, did not close important info about Internet access and did not mention that local calls were 44 cents plus tax until asked outright.They had no general booklet type info about restaurants around the hotel, etc and insisted that we can order in-house (yeah, right). We have seen this type of info available in many other hotel rooms (comparable rating) as a courtousy.We have traveled long and hard many many times...to Montreal and have stayed at several different hotels. I guess next time, if there is no room available in our favourite hotels, we just stay put and don't bother...	
Apr 26 2007 	clean friendly inexpensive close to subway	My family and I were very happy with the Royal Versailles. It was inexpensive, clean, close to the highway and a 2 second walk to the subway. We were impressed with the politeness of the staff. The breakfast was good and the wait staff were amazingly quick. Pro: clean, friendly, inexpensive, close to subwayCon: I admit that the view leaves something to be desired.	
Mar 13 2007	Perfect like Canada in General!	HiMy wife and I went to Canada last year for the first time, we came in Toronto, Niagara Falls and Montreal. We are French from the suburb of Paris.All the hotels and services were good but we had a quite perfect experience in the &quot;Royal Versailles&quot; in Montreal.I worked years ago in the business of Hotelery and I know what I can expect as service from a hotel considering its category and I was nicely surprised in this hotel.People were so nice to us. We had no problems. Rooms were very clean and no problems of maintenance. What I appreciated the most was the hospitility at our arrival.Next time we come we'll book this hotel before leaving France!Alan LAMART	
Aug 20 2006 	Dirty room	We stayed for four nights and the best thing I can say about the hotel is it has plenty of parking. Upon entering the hotel I was impressed as the lobby is large and bright. When we entered the corridor to our room I noticed a smoky musty smell. Our room had not been cleaned. There were no towels at all in the bathroom. The side table by the window had a sticky patch on it, the dressing table had some sticky red liquid on it. the carpet was badly stained with a large white stain. I lifted back the bedspread and blanket to find the bottom sheet was not tucked under the mattress and was badly wrinkled as were the pillow cases. One pillow contained loose irregular shaped foam pieces, like a bag of rags. I went to the front desk and told them I believed the room had not been cleaned and the sheets had not been changed from the last guest. The receptionist said this was not the case. He gave us some towels. No apology.	
Jul 10 2006	Great view of the power station....but close to the metro	We booked this hotel online (web special) to attend the Jazz Festival 2006.This was not our first choice but it was what was available in our price range.From the moment we checked in things went downhill.The room was not what we wanted but what was given to us on the web.When I asked to change the room after check in I was told to ask in the morning and there would be rooms available. At 9am I went to the front desk only to be told that nothing was available....I left my room number in hopes that things wouldchange. I don't really believe there was any attempt to accomadate our request.We attempted to eat dinner that evening in the dinning room only to find out that there was a wedding and the restaurant was closed. We were told we could eat at the barbut it would take an hour for anything to be prepared. We finally decided to get on the metro (which is right next door) and head downtown and eat. We came back later that night to the bar for a drink and found that the bartender was not at the bar but out at the pool drinking and smoking weed with the wedding guests.The next evening we tried to stop in again and get something quick to eat and it was finally explained to us that the restaurant is not even open to hotel guests on the weekend because of events. We were told that the front desk is not made aware of this and there was never a sign that stated this.The &quot;web special&quot; includes a view of the power station, double beds (instead of queen), old TV and stand. When we passed by open rooms they seemed better appointed than the one we were assigned.Pros: The breakfast was reasonable and the morning waitstaff was great. Close to the Metro.	
Aug 16 2005 	You get what you pay for!	Lobby was great, rooms, not so much. The rooms are small and kind of musty smelling. Parking is free though. Breakfast was overpriced and overcooked, restaurant is not good at all, but you can go to the mall for meals. Beds are TERRIBLE, and the pillows were maybe an inch thick. Overall, not the best money I've ever spent, but it was close to where I needed to be. Will not stay there again.	
Sep 9 2004	Good value at Wandlyn	I stayed for 3 nights at Wandlyn Inn in East Montreal in a suite and found it to be good value for money. Suite was very spacious with 2 rooms one with large whirlpool bath. Staff were efficient and courteous. Recommended.	
Apr 8 2007	pratique		
Feb 24 2007	Affreux		
Feb 13 2006	OK pour le prix		
