	Blood on pillows	The worst stay we have ever had. there was blood BLOOD on the pillows, once we showed the manager he said there was nothing he could do, and then was rude to our entire party. housekeeping cleaned our room once during a 3 night stay and asked for a tip the day they cleaned it, never cleaned it again - i guess $10 wasn't good enough. there is security running around with their friends during the nights and treating guests like intruders. security also tried accuse us of stealing a laptop that they later found - &quot;they misplaced it&quot; but did threaten to beat us up with their frinds prior to finding it. don't ever stay here this hotel is not clean the staff are rude and the rooms are not worth the rates, valet is a joke, the only good thing about the trip was leaving this hotel for good.	
Sep 10 2009 	great location	What I liked:Location was great...walking distance from St Catherines and Old Montreal. It's on a street lined with hotels and its very quiet. I also got a corporate rate so it was really worth it for me. don't think its worth $170 per night which is the standard rate.What i didnt like:I had made 3 seperate bookings online. the night manager couldnt find one of the bookings. instead of creating a new one he said there was an issue with my booking and it may have not been completed (which isnt true since i had confirmation and the other 2 bookings were fine) and just nagged about it. What made it worse was it was 1 am and we had a 1 year old with us...he could have just created a new one. the other issue is that since each room has a kitchen we found that if your neighbours were cooking you would smell it throughout your room. unfortunately for us, our neighbours were always frying fish and smoking!I really liked the location so if you could find a hotel in the vicinity for cheaper, go for it.	
Sep 2 2009	Great stay at this apartment style hotel free internet in the business center laundry machines are free	Had a free night. Impressed with apartment style suite with full kitchen (although no dining table). Laundry machines are FREE! Ask for room facing the courtyard--very quiet. Great location just blocks to Old Montreal and downtown (without the high prices). Mostly a business crowd when I was there. Room furnishings a tad dated. Free internet in the business center. Great stay, no complaints.	
Aug 30 2009 	Good location for a visit to Montreal	We stayed only one night and found the apartment-style two bedroom suite very adequate for us and our twenty-something daughter and her boyfriend. Location was close to Vieux-Montréal and the downtown area. Beds were very comfortable. Price was reasonable.	
Aug 30 2009 	good location space but kitchen poorly equiped and internet S L O W	Lots of room in the suite, and pretty well located. Valet parking via HI Express next door -- that worked ok, but sometimes had to wait a while for the valet. Reception desk at the Candlewood a bit understaffed, and although the kitchen had good builtin units (fridge, full cooker etc), it was difficult to make full use of them (e.g. no oven tray, or any oven proof dish, no sharp knife to chop vegetables...). The wifi was free but excruciatingly SLOW. Impossible to get more than one pillow for each of the four of us.	
Aug 20 2009 	Dont Waste Your Time Go Next Door to the Holiday Inn Express	All I have to say is don't waste your time, The hotel is not worth your money. I have stayed at Candelwood hotels before and have had zero problems. The location of the hotel is good right near St Laurent ST. Check in was slow, only one guy was working which is sad for a Saturday. The service is HORRIBLE, I asked for some wine glasses at 3pm when I checked in. Didn't get them till 8pm after calling the front desk over three times. To top it off the front desk guy was rude about the situation. We requested a late check out, and when it was time, they claimed nothing was in the system. I warn you DO NOT valet your car with this hotel. We made that mistake and then found out that the valet was driving our car around in the parking lot, not only was he driving our car around. We saw him speeding around in the lot and smashed the bumper of one of the other guests cars. After reporting the incident to the hotel, all they could say was that they have warned the valet attendant before. We where furious and requested to speak with the Hotel Manager, so that he could see the attendant driving our car. We wee told that he only comes in on Monday and he would give us a call. We're still waiting for the call.	
Aug 17 2009 	Whoa what a fire alarm system and what a bunch of BS from the staff	We stayed there for 3 nights and the first night after a long drive from Toronto we were evacuated for a fire alarm malfunction, Several hours later at 3 in the morning, again the alarm starts going. Again evacuated and scared and again several different stories as to why this is happening. At first it was acting up and malfunctioning and they were sorry. The next day after asking for 1 day comp we were told it was a customer hanging something that made the alarm go off. A different story with each employee. Needless to say 3 not happy customers.	
Aug 11 2009 	Not too bad because of the location	Hi,this hotel is a bunisess service appartment type. You get a studio appartment with a small kitchen with microwave, oven and a fridge. You will get free access into the ground floor laundery room. You will be able to have your onw postsl box. The main strenght is the hotel is few yards from Saint Catherine China town and the latin quarter. So for us having a baby it was ideal to get by and of course the kitchen was a must. No breakfast service available.Abid	
Jul 29 2009 	Very comfortable and wonderful accomodation	My husband and I visited Montreal to see the International Jazz Fest.I read about this hotel online and telephoned from Alberta (no,I do not speak French) and the telephone was answered by a very warm,friendly,helpful employee.She knew the area,spoke English no problem,told me about the hotel,pointed out the fact that there was no daily maid service,I booked the room immediately.I was very impressed and I must say that I was even happier on arrival.The employees I dealt with were absolutely wonderful and I feel they were key to a pleasant stay.The room was awesome,it was actually a suite,felt almost like being at home rather than a run of the mill hotel room.The location was perfect we were walking distance to all our destinations (jazz fest,old Montreal,bus station,train station).Our first room had a view of the courtyard,second one overlooked old Montreal,wow,beautiful.My second stay at Candlewood Suites has a bit of a twist.My husband and I were Via Rail mis-scheduling victims as a result we missed a concert and had no alternative but to return to Montreal at 8:30a.m,absolutely tired and frustrated,with no place to stay.I called Candlewood Suites to see if they had a room at 11:30ish a.m,not only did they have a room,whew,they let me check in early.To me this was totally above and beyond the call and I will remember and appreciate this always.I can't say I disliked anything,Montreal and it's people are wonderful and I look forward to visiting again.And I definitely would stay at Candlewood Suites again.	
Jul 22 2009 	Highly recommend this hotel!	Excellent location: walking distance to Chinatown, Old Montreal, St. Catherine St. shopping, IGA grocery store, Montreal Jazz FestRoom: We were upgraded to a one bedroom suite as a platinum priority club member. Very spacious with a separate living room and full kitchen. Room 1214 has a great view of Old Montreal and the river. Bedroom: comfortable bed. However, linens not as nice and comfy as a Holiday Inn Express. Bedspread was extremely heavy! Great for winter months, but too hot and heavy in the summer. Airflow from air conditioner was hitting our heads, so we ended up either sleeping with our heads on the bottom of the bed or we turned off a/c and opened windows. Bad thing with opened windows is the noise from the street, although this wasn't really an issue with us as we were at the festival till midnight and were usually dead tired when we got to the hotel, so we just slept thru the noise. Living room furnished with a sofa bed, a recliner and a desk. Kitchen furnished with a full size 4-burner electric stove with an oven, a full size refrigerator, dishwasher, microwave, toaster, good quality pots and pan (one medium and one small pots and a medium frying/saute pan). Also provided are plates, bowls, glasses and eating utensils for two and basic cooking utensils. Nice layout with eat-in counter separating kitchen and living room. Amenities: Loved the free use of laundry facilities. The room even comes with a laundry basket.Exercise room equipped with basic equipment and was sufficient.Free DVD movies available at front desk. Safe deposit box available at front desk.Excellent free internet connection.Room serviced only once a week, but can exchange dirty towels for clean ones at front desk anytime. Excellent front desk service. Very friendly and accommodating staff. Unlike other Candlewood Suites, this hotel's front desk was staffed 24 hours.Valet parking is provided by the Holiday Inn Express next door. Overall, I love the &quot;apartment&quot; feel at this hotel and being able to cook our own food.This hotel is definitely my first choice when I am in Montreal for the Jazz fest.	
Jun 27 2009 	No room service but great location	This aparthotel from the Interconti hotel group without a restaurant is in the same building as the Holiday Inn Express, valet service provided by the Holiday Inn Express. Our quiet twin bed room on the 9th floor faced the inner court and was spacious with full size kitchenette and large bathroom. As there’s only room service once a week you’ll get fresh towels at the front desk. Here you’ll a helpful team and safe deposit box. It was ok for 1-2 nights. There’s a small gym and a self laundromat at no charge. Location, location, location: only 10 walking mins. from the city hall and Old town. Lots of shops incl. Underground city and the metro station are just minutes away by foot. Next time I’d use a full service hotel or even the next door Holiday Inn Express even though our stay was fine.	
Jun 24 2009 	Great value for money	This apartment style accommodation was very convenient and in a great location only 5 mins walk from the metro and the supermarket, ten minutes to the new port area with lots of restaurants, bars, shops etc. We had a 2 bedroom suite which was more than adequate for just 2 people (we were upgraded) good size kitchen, large bathroom, 2 double bedrooms and a spacious living room with TV, bed/couch and two leather reclining chairs, and free wifi internet. the staff were very friendly and helpful. There is a laundry free for guests use and also a small shop. They have a large lounge which we used after check out as we had a late flight. If you need to take the bus to the airport be aware that you take a smaller mini bus to the bus station where you then have to wait in a long line to get your tickets, make sure you leave plenty of time as the buses leave every half hour, on time and it took about 1 hour in the traffic to get to the airport. All in all a great stay in Montreal and we would return to Candlewood Suites.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great room 	We are middle class 30-somethings who stayed here for a 1.5 weeks with two children under 5 and our dog. The room was comfortable and clean. The tub was extremely slippery even with a safety mat. My husband actually fell out of the tub/shower, not fun. You must restock everything on your own as rooms are supposedly cleaned only once per week. Ours was never cleaned until they came by while we were packing to leave (1.5 weeks mind you). There is no wireless, and the hotwire connection is super slow, but it does work. Our refrigerator didn't work so well and one of the burners on our stove was unplugged and very difficult to reattach. When we asked for replacement sheets and extra dishes (room comes with service for 2 only) it took 1.5 days and three requests to get them. The poor guy who brought them up was probably expecting a tip, but after rewashing our two cups so we could take turns eating and drinking i wasn't in the right mood for generous tips. Sorry Mr. All in all it's a good place for families with or without pets. It's not the Omni so you won't feel terrible if your children get a little loud. Also, parking is $4/day cheaper in the lot behind the hotel, but you have to pay each day by 10am or you could get a ticket.	
Jun 18 2009 	Comfortable - Great Location - Practical - Friendly - Good Value for the Money	We stayed a week at Candlewood Suites in May. We were very satisfied with our stay and would highly recommend it . We stayed in a Bedroom Suite, so had a small kitchen, separate living room with a hideabed/couch and bedroom. Very spacious. Had a great view of the St.Lawrence River. They provide a full size refrigerator, oven and stove, so you can save some dollars by eating in. Fantastic location... My husband and I walked everywhere, Old Montreal, Downtown, and you are a few blocks away from three metro stations. There is a grocery store and several restaurants in different price ranges to choose from. I love the fact that they provide laundry facilities free of charge. Although we did not have cleaning services, not provided on a week's stay, we could exchange our towels anytime for fresh ones. They offer Valet parking which was quick and easy, and reasonably priced. Exceptionally helpful and friendly staff. The hotel runs a small grocery in the lobby where hotel guests can purchase ice cream, sodas, frozen entrees, etc - a nice convenience.The minor negatives: - The hideabed/couch was rather spartan - a bit too hard on the arms and such. not as comfortable as it looked. We had one guest stay for a night and she said it was OK to sleep in it for one night. So if you are more then two, and for several days you may want to consider getting a suite with two beds which are quite comfortable- bedroom window had to be closed or completely open - nothing in between- no radioI consider this to be minor and would definitely return.Cheers and Happy travelling/	
May 8 2009 	Apartment style hotel	This is a great place to stay if you like to make your own breakfast and want some space to stretch out. We had a one bedroom suite. Because it is an extended stay hotel, there is no daily room service, it is only weekly. If you want fresh towels you have to exchange them at the front desk. An IGA store is a few blocks away at the shopping mall, but there is also a small room at the hotel that has a small assortment of goods from toiletries to snacks for sale. It is connected with the Holiday Inn Express and that is here you have to park ($17/day). You park on the side street take your keys inside and the valet parks the car for you in the underground. It is not a fancy hotel but the kitchen has all you need to cook meals, and the bed is VERY comfortable.	
May 3 2009 	Totally Adequate - You Get What You Pay For.	Nothing fancy, basic accomodation. Decent beds. Having the kitchen (as per all Candlewood Suites) is useful and there is a proper supermarket (IGA) a couple blocks away. The decor is dreary but the rooms are well sized. Lots of florescent bulbs which seems to becoming the Eco-conscious norm - but make everything look ugly. The fitness center is barebones, however for the gym minded there is a decent YMCA at the Dejardins complex two blocks west. 10-15 minute walk to Vieux Port, &gt;10 minute walk to the UQAM metro stop (which accesses two lines). &gt;10 minute walk to Gay Village. Parking situation is a little strange - Valet only which needs to be accessed via the Holiday Inn Express in the same complex next door. Business Center with desktops and printers is useful if you don't travel with a laptop and there is free hi-speed in the rooms.	
Apr 10 2009 	It depends on what are you looking for	The hotel isn’t that bad: spacious rooms with kitchenette, free internet and decent location. It is actually a good family hotel and even a decent value for money from this perspective. But I was travelling for business and have to say that this facility simply did not fit to my needs for the following reasons:• I checked in after midnight because of delayed arrival. I was sick tired and starving, but there was no restaurant, room service or any food to grasp. I had to get out and grab some fast food crap as the only available option.• The room smelt of cooked food and had to leave the window open. Luckily enough, it wasn’t winter as yet!• The following day when I came back in the evening I found out that my room had not neem cleaned and made up.Overall, this hotel may be a choice only if you are looking for an inexpensive, well located family accommodation. Anything else is to be forgotten.	
Mar 1 2009 	Good hotel let down by offhand staff	I stayed one night at this hotel in February 2009 and had a bad experience. On arrival I was checked in to a room that was not yet made up and I made the mistake of not insisting on another room. Instead I unpacked in order to be able to re-use my shoulder bag (with reception's agreement and assurance that the room was just about to be serviced) and returned an hour later to find that it had still not been done and the chambermaid was just marking my property as having been left behind by the previous occupant. I found the reception staff offhand in dealing with this situation and generally a bit flippant. That said, this hotel has many good points, not least the size of the rooms and its convenient location, and I would give it another try provided it represented a good deal.	
Jan 20 2009 	Location	We (2 of my girlfriends and I) chose Candlewood Suites based mostly on what folks said here on TripAdvisor. Everyone that spoke of the great location is absolutely right. We were very pleased to discover that Montreal is as much of a walking city as our own city of Boston. It's an easy walk to Chinatown, the Latin Quarter and Old Montreal.Our one-bedroom suite was terrific. It was clean, bright, comfortable and very spacious. While it's necessary to try new and different restaurants when traveling, one or two meals &quot;in&quot; can really help out the budget. The well-equipped kitchen allowed us to do that. And there is a large supermarket a few blocks away. The staff rocks! Chad, at the front desk, had all of the answers to our many questions. He gave us the scoop on the many festivals that were going on while we were there. And he even laughed at my stupid jokes. :) This hotel definitely exceeded our expectations.	
Dec 17 2008 	Good hotel - Great Value	We stayed at The Candlewood Suites for 8 nights in November 2008, around Grey Cup.The location was really good – two block walk to a subway line, 10 minute walk to Old Montreal, 20 minute walk to downtown, on a safe, busy street.Lots of restaurants within about a 10 minute walk.Our room was a small apartment, with a small, fully equipped kitchen. So compared to a regular hotel room, it was huge. You only get maid service once a week, but that was fine with us. The room was clean. The bedding was excellent, and the bed very comfortable. The bathroom towels were a little old and scratchy.It’s about 3 blocks to Place Desjardins, which is part of the Montreal Underground City. From there you can get downtown without having to go outside for more than half a block (though it’s further than walking outside). So on colder days this is helpful if you still want to walk.The front desk staff was excellent. Checkin was quick, and they were always friendly and helpful.Our only complaint was that there is no wireless internet access in the rooms. And the wired internet was very slow at times.But al in all a great stay at a great price.	
Dec 2 2008 	Great room great location great price!	Family of four (parents, sons 16 and 20) stayed here during the Thanksgiving weekend. Nothing but kudos; we would absolutely come here again! We have stayed in the past at Le Square Phillips, which is a little bit nicer, but also at least 50% more expensive.Room with 2 Queens and a pull-out sofa was perfect size; price was outstanding. Valet parking reasonable; about $16 a night. Staff very nice.Everything quite clean. Excellent kitchenette, fully supplied with pots, pans, etc. We saved more money by eating in for breakfast and an occasional snack. There's a convenience store just 1 1/2 blocks away to the East (very nice owners) and a well-stocked IGA supermarket 3 blocks to the West.Candlewood is only 2 blocks to Chinatown (great for cheap Asian food and gifts) and 2 blocks to Latin Quarter (unlimited number of restaurants to choose from, mostly in moderate price range). Just a $6 cab ride to center of town or Vieux Montreal.	
Oct 15 2008 	Good Hotel Downtown	This hotel is a good location right in downtown. We were able to easily walk to St. Denis Str. and then over to China Town then down to the Old section of town on the River. Later we went back to the hotel and then out to dinner over on Cresent Street. The hotel is connected to a Holiday Express with the unique arrangement of having to get valet from there. The room was large with full kitchen that we didn't use. The property looks older with some recent updates. We were very happy with this hotel for use and would use it again when in the area next time.	
Sep 28 2008 	Very Good Experience !!!	Really enjoyed our stay at the Candlewood Suites in Montreal Centre-Ville. Location was perfect and the room was very clean and comfortable. Staff was very nice and helpful.	
Sep 14 2008 	Be aware if you book the Candlewood on their own website!	We booked an one-bedroom suite in this hotel because we were traveling with our 14 months old son.The fact that it had a separate bedroom was the main reason for us to choose for the Candlewood. When we checked in, they put us in a small studio. When we tried to get that changed they said that this was not possible because they were full booked that night. Than we explained that we had a pre-paid reservation for an one-bedroom suite which we made on their own website and we traveled with a small child which had to be in bed at 7 pm and needed a two hour nap at noon. If we knew we got a studio we could have gone to another place. Eventually after a lot of discussion they allowed us to change to an one-bedroom suite the following night.They said they could do nothing about it and that they had this problem before with people who booked via their website! When we asked if we could speak to the manager they told us that the management was not in at weekends (it was a Saturday).When we returned to the desk on Monday they told us again that there was no manager on site. We wanted to get a refund, because we didn’t get what we paid for. They guy at the desk who was really helpful (in contrary to the woman at the desk on Saturday) put himself to a lot of effort to get someone from the management on the phone. When he finally succeeded in that we had to do a lot of negotiation to actually get a refund. I think this is a shame, because they made the mistake.The rooms of this hotel are really good and the location is great, but because of the treatment we got we definitely will NOT recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great Accomodations	There was a minor snafu with our reservation at the time of check in but the manager was very accomodating and updated us to a larger suite than expected. The rooms were very modern , clean and very spacious. The free breakfast was actually much better than what you usually get at similar places.This is a well run hotel.The location is OK, but you are a very short walk to all the downtown areas.	
Aug 19 2008 	Great family hotel	We stayed here for five nights; the room was large and clean and all the facilities provided (kitchen appliances, free internet connection etc.) were working as expected.The location is a short walk away from the city centre and right next to the chinatown. Since this is a suite-type hotel, it could be mentioned that there is a great large grocery store just two blocks away.The hotel staff wasn't the most competent; the handling of our problems (our reservation was set to start on a wrong day and during our stay, someone else had been using our parking slot, which they first tried to charge on us) could have been more efficient. On the other hand, both problems were solved with a few phone calls.	
Aug 5 2008 	Great Hotel good location helpful staff!	Good location and helpful staff- our room was not ready and we were given a better room on the 12 floor. Clean spacious room with LCD TV in each room. DVD Player and free movies at the front counter. Kitchenette with everything you need and IGA grocery store one block west on Rene Levesque.	
Aug 2 2008 	Fantastic stay	Candlewood suites is not like your typical hotel, it is designed for long term business visiters and therefore the accommodation is more like an appartment with a open plan kitchen and living room. housekeeping is only done once a week which was fine with us, theres no need to change linen and towels everyday anyway.My sister and I were happily surprised to see the facilities that each suite offers. The rooms are pretty clean &amp; comfortable, fridge freezer, two large tvs, dvd in living room, towels, crockery and cutlery, microwave but not electric kettle, large desk, free highspeed internet in the room if you bring your laptop. You can also use the free business facilities if you don't bring your own computer. Free laundry facilities although you have to bring your own washing powder.Location was the absolute best. I can't emphasise enough that every single one of the front desk staff was extremely friendly, helpful and made you feel really welcome. They also have a small selection of dvds that you can borrow.The only slightly negative was the fact that the air con didn't work in the living room only in the bedroom. Otherwise, it was a lovely stay.	
Jul 6 2008 	Not perfect but definitely doable...	Stayed at the hotel from 6-27 to 7-2 2008 for the Montreal jazz festival. We used comp points from Holiday Inn's Priority Club program. Candlewood costs 15,000 points a night compared to the adjacent Holiday Inn Express which cost 25,000. Here are the positives of the hotel:-Location-10 minute walks to the old city, Chinatown, Jazz Festival, Latin Quarter, The Village and the Metro. Absolutely perfect location even though the area a block away is a little seedy, it was still pretty safe. My wife and I walked back from the jazz fest at 2:00 Am on more than one night so don't worry about the area. And yes you can find a hotel in a nicer section but probably not as centrally located. I can't stress this enough this is a great locale. -Front desk staff were very nice and accomodating.-The room condition-We had a newly renovated very large 1 bedroom suite on the 12th floor (room 1216). The room was in excellent physical condition with 2 flat screen TV's,DVD player, view of the beautiful City Hall in the view port section of the city, full kitchen. No mold or old and dilapidated furniture.The negatives:-The air conditioning unit is only in the bedroom. It is also a very loud machine. It cools off the suite if you turn it up high and leave the bedroom door open, but the bedroom will feel like Antartica.-No housekeeping, which is a facet of Candelwood's service. You will need to run down to the lobby for extra towels, soap or tissues etc. And you have to make your own bed (or not). -No ice machine on the Candlewood side of the hotel. You will have to run over to the Holiday Inn Express which is a seperate entrance in the same building. -No Breakfast bar but you could probably sneak into the Express and no one would know or care, or you could cook your own. Overall I would not hesitate to go back but don't expect the Four Seasons or the Bellagio.	
Jul 5 2008 	Huge Suites in Average Location	We stayed here for one night after arriving in Montreal on a cruise. We used my husband's Priority Club points for the room. On the positive side, our suite was huge -- 2 separate bedrooms, a large living room, a kitchen area and bathroom. We slept comfortably and soundly despite the Montreal Jazz Festival taking place on the street behind the hotel. And in-room Wifi was free.Although located within 15 min. walking distance of the touristy part of town, I wouldn't say it was a particularly attractive area. It's on a busy street, and we had to walk through Chinatown and streets devoid of anything interesting to get down to the tourist section. The front desk worker seemed overwhelmed by calls &amp; people trying to check into rooms that weren't ready yet. Our suite had a touch of a stale smoky smell when we first walked in, but we turned on the air and didn't notice it after awhile. Something was clearly wrong with the toilet as it made a really loud foghorn sound (just like on the cruise ship!) moments after flushing. A repairman who had been sent up to fix the hot water in our kitchen sink (apparently unsuccessfully) attempted to address the toilet problem but wasn't successful at that either. Despite these issues, I still think we overall got a better deal than my sister's family who used Priceline and stayed for $100+/night at the Intercontinental. Their room was tiny compared to ours, and Internet cost extra. Would I stay there again though - probably not.	
Jun 26 2008 	great solution	We recently vacationed in Montreal with our 18 year old son. We did not want to book 2 hotels rooms so when we found Candlewood Suites we went ahead and made a reservation. It was the perfect solution for us. My wife and I had a comfortable queen bedroom with 2 night stands, dresser, closet, window, AC and a LCD TV. Our son in the lounge area had a nice sleeper sofa, another larger LCD TV and DVD player. There were 2 -leather like, full recliner, chairs and end table. A lanai and window faced the old town and port. The bathroom had a full size shower/tub. There was also a fully furnished kitchen with refrigerator, microwave, cooktop, coffee maker, dishes, pot and pans. An eating counter and bar stools too.On the ground floor (RC) rez des chaussee is reception, business center (free internet and printing), laundry, and exercise room. The place was very clean, and conveniently located. The Holiday Inn Express, their sister property is next door. 5 minute walk to the old town, it borders Chinatown, 10 minutes to downtown and 15 to the train station. Nice IGA supermarket 3 blocks one direction, small grocery store 2 blocks another. Neighborhood surrounding is not great but it was OK, we felt safe at all times. Don’t book it if you want a luxury hotel experience with nice amenities, full service, bell hops etc. There is not daily maid service.Book it if you want a clean, conveniently located hotel with lots of room. A real value here.	
Jun 6 2008 	new years amazing hotel	I've stayed at this hotel 2 times..n its always been a good stay...very clean...very roomy...extremely friendly staff that are always willing to help...we had 7 people in the room for new years when maximum was 4...and never got noise complaints...its full of teens and party people so if you want a fun place stay here. First time I stayed we were loud but we just got a warning from a really nice security guard...Next time I go to Montreal im staying here again..	
May 29 2008 	Good Choice!	I spent 4 nights in Candlewood. Comfortables beds, nice kitchen, the bedroom have a lot of space and the bathroom was bigger than I expected. The location is nice too, but this hotel isn´t in the best part of Sta. Catharina Av, but you can easily go there by foot or by subway, this hotel is near Notre Dame cathedral and the old Montreal, around 10 min by foot or you can take the subway too.This hotel doesn't have breakfast and daily maid, but its not a problem to us, because have a kitchen and you can change your towels every day. If you want a good bedroom and nice location for a reasonble price, this place is perfect to you.	
May 14 2008 	Can't Beat the Candlewood Montreal!	We were staying a few days in Montreal on the way from Albany to Boston (OK its not a direct connection but it sounded good to us.) A friend recommended the Holiday Inn Express but when I called to make the reservation I told the agent we wanted a full kitchen (stove, etc.) and he said that the Candlewood Suites shared the same building as the Holiday Inn and had a full kitchen so we made the reservation. Used our AAA discount. Good rate.When we arrive we were pleased to find that its in the center of town. Its a newish building and the two hotels really are side by side and share some facilities. The valet parked our car (I understand there's a charge for parking) and we went in. The front desk staff were very helpful. We went up to our room and while the corridors were a little dark and dingy the actual room was big and light. Queen bed, full kitchen, big living room, nice view.The front desk staff remember our name, they're helpful and friendly. Free DVD's (there's a player in the room), a workout room, a largish laundry, advice on where to go locally, we've yet to have a question where the answer's no.Location is great, IGA close by, stores, the old city and the port.We'd definitely stay here again!	
May 10 2008 	Great location	This hotel is in a great location - a few minutes walk to Vieux Montreal, Quartier Latin, St Catherine St and on the doorstep of Chinatown.We had a 1 bedroom suite, which had a separate living room. We took advantage of the kitchen and ate in a few nights, which saved money (as did the free laundry).This hotel had every amenity we needed (although a pool would have been nice), is reasonably priced and good views from the balcony! Highly recommended!PS make sure you have the smoked meat sandwich at Schwartz's....	
Apr 23 2008 	Fine basic hotel	Four of us went for a weekend. The room was smaller than I expected with &quot;all rooms are suites&quot; on the website. It was just a room, with two large beds, and a kitchen. It was clean. Smoke free on our floor (smoking was allowed further up). The location was nice, the staff was great. Very basic.	
Jan 30 2008	Awsome hotel in montreal	First of all, i am so surprised to geta 3star hotel for less than $75. The location was awsome, friendly staffs. First, the receptionist gave me a room with 1 bed. Then i told him, i booked for 2 adults and immediately he gave me a suite. Its a 1br with flat tv, 1 living room with couch, flat tv, recliner and high spped internet &amp; a kitchen with microwave, oven, all utensils including plates, fork, spoon, cups and everything. This is awsome....I loved the place and booked again in hotwire and got the same room for the second day. The third day also i tried and i did not get this hotel and i got VIP SUITE. That was one of the worst hotel i stayed in my whole trip. Anyway candlewood is an awsome place and i will give 5* for this hotel, instead of 3*. Its such an awsome place. Nureya	
Dec 9 2007	Magnifique!	What a great surprise. I paid under $100 in Downtown MOntreal for a 1 bedroom suite! It was SUPER clean and had TWO flatscreen tvs. The kitchen was well equipped and teh staff went out of their way to be helpful. I would deifinately stay here a again. What a great find.	
Oct 22 2007	extremely clean rooms	I was very impressed first with the staff at reception, who were more than courteous, and took time to talk with us. We had a lovely suite with a nice view. the suite was spotless and renovated. I had chosen this hotel as I had a lot of cooking to do for students at a nearby University for a special dinner. It was a pleasure to cook in the kitchen. The washroom was as well extremely clean, and with more than enough towels.I would highly recommend this hotel, as I usually am not so impressed whenever I stay anywhere that is situated in a downtown core in a large city.	
Oct 9 2007 	Good price and okay location	My husband and I booked this hotel on Hotwire. It states that it is 3 stars, and there are some great things about it. The location is ok, you can walk to most things, but there are some &quot;dicey&quot; areas, so watch which direction you walk at night! A few blocks to an IGA, Chinatown, and one block to St. Catherine St. (the main street with all the malls), although you are on the far end, and its about a 15 minute walk to the Eaton Centre. It's right beside the Days Inn and the Holiday Inn Express, so if its the location you are after, you might get a cheaper room at one of those places.The valet parking is 17 dollars a day, plus tax. It's confusing because when you pull up, there is no parking. I went inside and found out I had to go to the Holiday Inn next door to talk to the valet, which was a bit annoying. Staff was polite and helpful when asked. Room was very clean. Queen sized bed, nice bathroom, minimal things in room. Really no services like housekeeping, which was fine with us (only staying 3 days). A few plates and utensils. We liked the fridge for pop and beer. There is a little store in the lobby to buy goodies such as hot chocolate, popcorn, etc. Didn't use the DVD player. Neat counter bar to eat at in the full kitchen (didn't use it at all). Linens and towels were luxurious!Free business center and free washer and dryer (have to buy soap), okay fitness centre. Small lobby with some brochures. Nothing too great. We weren't in the hotel much, so it didnt' matter.Cab ride to Crescent Street or Old Montreal about $6.Great if you just want somewhere to stay, but then again, you might get something cheaper and closer to the action if that is what you were looking for. We didnt' mind walking or cabbing. We really didn't take advantage of the kitchen and other services (laundry, business center)Excellent for the price. Try hotwire, under 3 stars....we actually paid more than 4 stars when I checked the night before. :-)	
Sep 30 2007 	Great value good location	Just a follow up, this is a great hotel in a good location. Large room with a queen bed + a sofa/sleeper, a leather recliner, a desk and a big TV and a DVD player with a free lending library of DVD's, plus a full kitchen. Also a business center with free Internet and free self service laundry. Staff was very friendly and upbeat about Priceline! Wow, wish I could get deals this great all the time...	
Aug 23 2007 	Delighted to write this review!	My reservations were made back when this hotel was Le Suites Faubourg St. Laurent, and I may have been a bit confused when arriving if I'd not spent the time to relocate it on Trip Advisor. Though I'd confirmed our reservations a few days before our arrival, a mistake had occurred and we arrived to find our reservation cancelled and apparently no vacancy. However, Ricky, at the front desk, was efficient, composed, professional, and reassuring that a solution would be forthcoming. After a short wait, we were upgraded to their nicest two bedroom (and perhaps last remaining) suite which we called home for the next five days. I can't say enough good things about our stay here. The rooms were quiet, very large with comfortable furniture, three TVs, views in two directions, and a workable kitchen. I give thanks to the TA reviewer who alerted me that the kitchen cupboards contained minimal equipment, so I arrived equipped with a few sharp knives, cutting board, spices, and other basic cooking tools and ingredients. We easily entertained friends two nights with bags overloaded with cheeses, pates, salami, and bread from Atwater Market (Metro: Lionel Groulx) and a very nice IGA grocery store located a few blocks down the street. Great to have other rooms for the kids to watch TV or play cards (or mini golf with a serving spoon, tennis ball, and a few pieces fo luggage, delicately devised by by boys). Valet parking for this hotel is $19CAN plus tax, so after the first night we moved our car to the parking garage under the Nationale Bibliotheque on Rue Berri, just north of Maisonneuve for $7-10/day, also a great tip from a TA member. The icing on the cake came when my 13 year-old suddenly announced that he was completely out of clean clothes, and we discovered free washer and dryers, compliments of the hotel! And, when we decided to add an extra day to our stay in Montreal, we were allowed to extend at the same rate we'd reserved many months earlier. By the way, our friends were staying in a lovely room at the Hyatt Regency, but all agreed that our room was far superior in every way! When we return to Montreal, and I hope it's soon, we will again book a room here without a second thought.	
Jul 18 2007 	Good rates and location		
May 6 2007 	a few fixes and this place will be great		
Mar 22 2007 	We recommend.		
Feb 27 2007 	Excellent Value and Great Room		
Jan 24 2007 	Great place for a family		
Nov 24 2006 	A+		
Sep 26 2006 	good for longer stays		
Sep 20 2006 	Very nice hotel		
Sep 13 2009 	Très bien placé		
Sep 7 2009 	Très belle suite		
Aug 31 2009 	bon séjour		
Jan 24 2009 	impeccable		
Nov 2 2008 	Confort à quelques pas du Vieux Montréal		
Nov 1 2008 	Excellent rapport Qualité / Prix !		
