Oct 21 2009 	Great Airport Hotel	THis is a very trendy hotel located within the international departures of the Montreal Airport. CHeck in was wonderful and fast. The rooms were large and airy and the beds were absolutely divine. We were just staying for 7 hrs on a stop over to florida. I would highly recommend this to anyone needed to have a stop over in montreal or needing to catch an early morning flight.Cons: pay wireless internet.	
Aug 7 2009 	Nice Hotel	We stayed at the Marriott the weekend of July 30 to August 3. We were in Montreal for a 3 day convention. This is a new, well kept hotel. The rooms are of reasonable size and the beds are very comfortable. There are a variety of restaurants in the area of the hotel and highway access is close.We had the buffet breakfast one day and it was good, although a little expensive-$14.75. Our 6 year old was $8, and she only ate part of a Belgium waffle. Over all a great hotel and we had a good time and a great price, (convention rate). We would stay there again.	
Apr 10 2009 	Very Clean	We decided to stay there as they let us park our car while we were away for a week. Our flight was in the evening and they were able to extend our check-out time from 12pm to 1pm. I like their complementary airport shuttle bus service. Our room was very clean and there were two soap bars and a small bottle of shampoo &amp; conditioner in the bathroom. Occasionally, we saw airplanes flying in and out of the nearby airport, Montréal–Pierre Elliott Trudeau International Airport, but we were not bothered by the sound at all.	
Feb 11 2009 	Great place for park and fly	Being a Holiday Inn member for years I was concerned of the number of bad reviews we read of their hotels near the Montreal Trudeau Airport. These are popular due to their park and fly options. We decided to try Courtyard by Mariott. What a pleasant surprise. The price for at two week park and fly including one night king room was $144 with tax. The hotel is clean and the room was great. Bathroom spotless and nice hand creams, body lotion, coffee maker. The bed is a comfort guarantee. Even though the room was on the freeway side the noise was non existent. Shuttle to and from the airport was free and the pick up and drop off very efficient. If you consider the cost of parking for two weeks you just can't go wrong. No, the parking is not covered nor is it secured as it is just the hotel parking lot but that was not the issue for us.	
Oct 7 2008 	Liked the Hotel Not the Location	Very nice hotel with good staff, comfortable bed, nice decor. The location in an industrial business park is not one for walking around and certainly not scenic. A bit complicated to get to from the highway--I could see it but couldn't get to it! You have to use a service road. It had a nice restaurant and there are a few in walking distance--a grill and a McDonalds. Long way to downtown and the Old City. The front desk gave me directions to the Metro station and that was better than driving and paying for parking. Not walkable to the Metro though. Fortunately I had a car. I think tourists would be better off downtown. Kind of inconvenient.	
Sep 4 2008 	Kids Loved It 	This was our first time in Montreal, and I was very much impressed by this hotel. We had a car to get around the city so the location was great for us, and you couldn't even hear the airport at all, my kids kept asking where the airport was, that's how quite it was. Great price, right off the highway, mall closeby, with East Side Mario's, Mike's Restaurant, and many others. Clean, clean, clean, and new (that was important to us). I didn't want to sleep in an old smokey hotel room, so this hotel was perfect!! Pool was great (salt water), and exercise room with modern and working equipent &amp; tv. It overall left a great impression on our family, and we would defintiely return.	
Jul 12 2008 	Super amazing!!! Stay for the airport cause it's not downtown.	Great hotel... close to airport but you cannot hear the planes go by at night.Food is good, but expensive.Hotel quality is great, service is great and close to airport.Business services are great... 3 computers downstairs and free printer.Love it, love it, love it!I paid $104 for the room.	
Jul 9 2008 	Very Nice Affordable Brand New	Stayed at the Montreal Montreal Airport for one night. The room was very clean with brand new furniture (hotel is brand new). The front desk agent was very friendly and our check-in was very fast. Very nice pool with salt water. Nice tub as well. Would defenetly recommend it and I will stay there again if going to Montreal.	
May 16 2008 	Great rooms!	Had a one day training session so the company booked it for me. Brought the family over and extended it for one more day...total days: 2.Didn't expect anything special as I've never stayed in Courtyards. Usually Hojo types. Building looked bland, so no big deal. Didn't expect anything anyway. But I was really tired from sitting beside my crying children, anything with a roof would have been heaven. Wife drove because I haven't slept but that's for another story...Imagine our surprise, when the automatic doors opened, and were greeted with a warm Bonjour from the front desk. Wow! Great reception hall, at least for its kind...priceline rated it at 2.5 stars...it should get at least a 3.5 for the reception hall.Off to the rooms, and noticed the halls are wide (not like Vancouver hotels)--which was a good thing because we had a double side by side stroller...opened the rooms..Wow! very clean, and well appointed rooms! I thought wow, we got this room for $89!?! What a [----] bargain! Very clean, very nice bathroom...loved the delta faucets. Wish I could get these for my house.Our toddler immediately lit up and ran back and forth in the room...bounced up and down the bed. You don't know how much it was a relief to rest after 6 hours driving. With these kind of appointments, my wife actually was able to take out the clothes and use the drawers...she never use them because she says they're all &quot;icky&quot;...but here she was laying our clothes out, nice and folded. Complaints? Kids room in the basement is bland and nothing much in terms of activities there...well these are usually for business people, so I can't really blame the hotel...also our room window is facing the highway...the noise is not much, but its there and we hear some from the airport itselfOverall, a great experience, family loved it...walked to the Spheron and checked out a small bistro there...great beef paninis and soup!	
Sep 17 2007 	Lovely but noisy.	This is a relatively expensive hotel for an airport hotel. However, it is lovely, newly decorated, modern, cosy. There is an airport shuttle bus which is fast and convenient, and the driver was great. The bus trip comes complete with complimentary apples and water too!The hotel itself is in quite a good location, close to a small-ish mall, cinema and a number of restaurants which are all within walking distance. It is also possible to walk to a tube station, but this might be a little too far for some: about half and hour's speed-march away.The only problem that I have with this hotel is: it is an airport hotel, and close to a busy road, and is therefore noisy. I am certainly not a light sleeper, but would have been gald of a pair of earplugs for this one!	
Sep 11 2007 	Comfortable Hotel close to access	A wonderful stay, room was very comfortable and clean. Only complaint was the wired internet connection in my room was on the slow side, but my other coworkers who stayed there had no complaint, so maybe it was just me. Staff spoke both English and French and were helpful. The restaurant served a great breakfast, with made to order eggs, bacon, sausage, and make-your-own Belgian waffles, around $10 US. I liked that this was some distance (15 minutes) from downtown as it and driving was more relaxed. East access to the 40 and the airport. No problems with the free airport shuttle. Across the street is a movie complex and several restaurants, including the FireGrill restaurant -- great food and service.	
Sep 10 2007 	One of the best Courtyard	Though the family stayed one night, we had a wonderful time there. Building, room, bathroom (washroom), room decor, and etc were in excellent conditions. One of the best Courtyards I have stayed in so far.Also, though our view including the flight path for the airport (kids loved it), you still could not hear any (jet) noise even with the window slightly open.Staff was helpful, bilingual, and greeted you with a smile.Though I am not sure what the other hotels around the airport offer, but I would recommend this facility to anybody needing accommodations near the airport.However the only complaint I have is the parking situation due to its location. There is only a dozen parking spaces located out front and the main parking lot was at the opposite end (from our room) of the building.	
Aug 29 2007 	Very nice hotel stay away from the airport shuttle	I stayed at this hotel for one night. It's in a good location, close to the airport with some shopping and restaurants within walking distance. The staff was nice and they spoke English and French. The room A/C worked very well and the bathroom had great lighting and was extremely clean. No problems with the internet. I did experience significant problem getting picked up from the airport via the free shuttle. I had to call the hotel 3 times and waited over 45 minutes. No apology or explanation regarding the delay was given by the driver. My reaction to this situation was to forget leaving a tip for her. Overall, I'd stay here again.	
Jul 18 2007 	Great Place  Fantastic Staff	Fantastic place for business and family travel, for anyone doing business in the area.The rooms are well kept &amp; very very clean.The staff go out of their way to enusre that your stay is comfortable &amp; convienient.I have stayed at this hotel almost every week for the past 7 months, and have never had a bad experience.	
May 28 2007	A Place To Stay	We have stayed at this location about 5 times this year and everytime we stay there it's always the ROYAL TREATMENT. The staff is great and very helpful. The location is super clean and location is close to everything. I've spoken to the wonderful ladies at the front desk and have mentioned that we won't be able to come during the summer months, but will return again after our busy season in the Eastern Townships. It's the place to stay.	
Apr 29 2007 	Beautiful Very Up-Scale Courtyard Hotel	April 24, 2006 - The Courtyard Montreal Airport hotel is a beautiful hotel. It is nicer than many of the full-service Marriott hotels that I have stayed at in the past. Every aspect of the hotel exhibits a very high level of quality. Service is excellent.The hotel is located adjacent to Canada 40 and between exits 62 and 65, close to the Montreal Trudeau airport. While we could see the hotel from the highway we had trouble finding it. We called the front desk and the associate helped us with directions immediately.Arriving at the Courtyard check-in was “Marriott fast,” taking under a minute. Our group of three all received the King rooms as requested. The room rate was $134 Canadian using an available AAA rate.My room was #314, was close to the elevator. The room was beautiful. The décor and quality of the furnishings impressed me. The bed was firm, but very comfortable. There were both feather and foam pillows and the quality and feel of the linens was excellent. Even though my room faced the freeway I did not hear any highway noise.The room had a flat screen TV with a large variety of both Canadian and US channels. I was pleased to find the Lakers game on TNT, even though they lost! There was also a large selection of pay-per-view movies.The work area was large and featured a two level desk. The bottom level could be pulled out to increase the desk area. There was a comfortable and functional office-style chair and lighting was good. Electrical and broadband connections were conveniently located above the desk.Across from the work area was a sofa and coffee table. The sofa was very comfortable. I did not check, but believe that it was also a sofa bed. Heat and air conditioning was centrally located and quiet.The hotel offers wired complimentary high speed internet service in rooms. The Data Valet service worked well. Running the Speakeasy internet speed test showed a download speed of 570K and upload at 95K. While the regular internet connection worked well, it did not work as reliably with our company’s VPN as most Marriott properties do. It took several minutes for Outlook to connect and it went on and off-line several times in three hours. The bathroom was large and also decorated nicely. The combination tub and shower had a great shower head and plenty of hot water which flowed immediately. There were enough thick white towels for four guests. It may be an unusual comment, but the plumbing fixtures in the bathroom were very high quality! Lighting was good and the granite vanity large. Bath amenities included shampoo, conditioner, and lotion.One feature of the new-design Courtyard rooms is the coffee bar area. It has a four-cup coffee maker, is well lit, and has a granite counter top and a mini refrigerator under the counter.A business associate and I had breakfast in the hotel restaurant. As part of the buffet, there is an omelet station. The buffet was pretty standard having a good selection of both hot and cold items. The cost for two complete breakfasts was $28.00 Canadian. Service was prompt and excellent.The Courtyard is connected to a Residence Inn, something that I have not seen before. The two hotels share an indoor swimming pool, large exercise room, and large guest laundry on the lower level of the Courtyard. Next to the guest laundry was a children’s play room with a window between the two.Everyone at the hotel spoke excellent English all though their initial greeting was in French.I really liked the Courtyard Montreal Airport hotel. It is a beautiful property with really excellent service.	
Mar 20 2007 	0 on 10 For flavour but the rooms looked nice in the pamphlet card	Too Bad. I like Marriott and the rewards plan was good but this hotelhas no real flavour. I felt like I was in a walmart or a hospital waiting to check in. The local area is sorta in the middle of no where and a walk to he local submway was way too long and cold. I overpaid at nearly $133 and what is included. Nothing. I would upload a photo or two but I erased them in a rush to forget Montreal and this hotel in general. Some one tried to tell me its new. Why does it look like an office building that was changed into an apartment building. I am going to stay elsewhere next time I get stuck in Saint Larent. Sometimes its nice when a hotel has flavour and real amenities. Don't ask me about the pool. I almost hit my head on the ceiling. I am booking a days inn in Toronto next week and I think that I will be better off. At least the rate affords me free breakfast. Good luck in Montreal fellas. It was worth it still. NOT.	
Mar 10 2007 	Great airport hotel	This is an extremely pleasant hotel with a quality feel to everything you touch. Now one year old it still feels as clean and polished as if it opened yesterday. Close by car to the airport, although a twisty confusing route after you leave the main highway so study that map first! Plenty of snack restaurants within walking distance. Double-queen room very large and well-appointed but with wired internet which frustratingly did not work for me (seemed like broken DHCP server.) Lobby area had excellent free wireless however. We stayed here on a Sunday night and pretty much had the place to ourselves so can't truly comment on noise but we never heard a thing . The construction looks solid enough to discourage disturbance from corridors or neighbouring rooms. Did not eat in restaurant but the bar although comfortable was as usual in hotels rather expensive.Not much else to add to previous reviewers except to emphasise the friendliness of the staff who were great. We used their excellent free airport shuttle-bus but had difficulty locating it at YUL. You have to exit the revolving door from arrivals onto the roadway then look for &quot;poste&quot; (pickup point) number 8 which did not appear to exist. What they forgot to tell me is that you have to cross the first line of postes entirely and you find another roadway, this time including one numbered 8.	
Feb 25 2007 	One of the best in chain	RECOMMENDED. Always a fan of Courtyards for predictable quality. This ~ 1-year old property does not disappoint. A modern multi-story facility directly connected to the Suites hotel next door. Decor is modern. All facilities in excellent solid condition. Checkin fast n' friendly. Room quiet despite location next to Trans Canada highway. Rooms well laid out with contemporary styling. Bedding exceptional. Bath area well illuminiated and with bit more style than old gen Courtyards. Easy highway access, this is an industrial area, downtown 15-25 minutes away. Overall - one of the best Courtyards in my experience.	
Jan 8 2007	Great hotel and wonderful staff	We recently attended with our sports team to a tournament in Montreal. Everything was arranged by telephone and from the moment we got there the facilities and service were top notch.The staff were friendly and knowledgable. The check in with a large group went very quick as the hotel was organized and were waiting for us. The staff were always available to help us out. They provided a free room to store our equipment. The rooms were excellent and the price was more than affordable. Travelling all over Canada to numerous tournaments and over the various years this would rate as the best hotel we have ever used.	
Nov 27 2006 	Pefect accomodation for the area	The previous reviewer gave an excellent detailed overview, so not too much to add for description. This is definetely best suited if you have business in the area or are looking for an airport (15 min travel time) hotel. If you are looking for city center, then stay in the center.Yes it is new (I stayed in late Nov. '06) but I found the design, finish and detail well above average. Staff were very friendly and helpful, terrific rooms and I rate the gym well above average for this type of hotel, all brand new best-quality equipment. Only way to beat this would be a dedicated health club.For an industrial type location, it is nice to be able to walk 10 minutes to shops, theatre and a variety of restaurants as I didn;t have a car rented (I could walk to our office).Bonus to me was location, large rooms, free internet, large bathroom with large towells and lots of shelves, the great gym and a decent full breakfast available for a decent rate. I was on the north side and was very quiet. Missed a few more batroom amenities but that was minor.	
Sep 5 2006 	New slightly upscale Courtyard but you probably need a car to downtown.	The Courtyard Montreal Airport is a new, above average Courtyard that nevertheless follows the formula set by this Marriott chain.LOCATION: About 10 minutes by Hotel van from the airport, 15 to 30 minuntes by car to Centre Ville(downtown) depending on traffic. In the Northwest corner of Montreal's St. Laurent neighborhood, which affords some facilities in walking distance despite the industrial office park location(see surrounding area below). The building is less distinctive looking than its picture(ie. bland modern).LOBBY: High ceiling, off white tile foor, lighted panel photos of downtown and two attractive lounge areas all well lit give the lobby a clean attractive feeling with a slight touch of elegance. The restaurant(now breakfast and dinner), a small bar(no license yet) sit behind the main lounge and are more upscale than usually found at Courtyards.Rooms: Elevator floor landings are reminiscent of full service Marriotts, hallways are bright with a multicolored modern carpet.Rooms have deep blue carpeting with sperical silver design and some seafoam green, and a muted version of this green is reflected in the wallpaper-all and all, quite attractive. Floor to ceiling sheer curtains backed by a blackout curtain, and faux cherrywood furnishings round out the look. Bedding is the lastest in Courtyard bedding(a welcome change)-white comforters with foot mufflers, upscale linens. The beds are very firm but still have decent padding, though I liked the memory foam laden beds in the new Courtyard in Hershey, PA that I stayed in last December a whole lot better. Rooms have an alcove with a small refridgerator, and there is a flat screened but traditional TV. Rooms are a decent size, but 4 rooms per floor have an extended length adding a sofa to both the two queen bedded rooms and the king bedded ones.(these rooms are spacious). Ceilings on the 6th(top)floor have 10 foot ceilings, adding some spaciousness to even the traditional rooms(we stayed over our 7 days in all three versions of the 2 queen bedded rooms). Bathrooms are a decent size(if not large) but are attractive with faux tile floors and faux green marble in a number of places. Bath amenities are stingy, two small bars of soap, and a container each of shampoo and conditioner. An in wall air/heat unit with thermostat for each room. One room we stayed in had an unpleasant compressor noise from the AC, the other two rooms were fine. Only windows on the north side of the building open. Muted sounds from the hallways was the only noise we heard.Hotel Amenities: There appears to be some room service. In the basement there is a decent sized heated pool and hot tub, a small excersize room, a childrens playroom and modern washers and dryers, all shared with the attached Residence Inn, as yet unopened when we were there. Off the lobby, there is a card key entry room with five PC's and a printer, and a bank of hook-ups for your laptop in one of the lounges, all free of charge.There is a tiny store for snacks, etc.Surrounding Area: None of it pretty, but a block away is an entertainment complex with a very comfortable multi-screen cinema(showing many American films), upscale Italian, SteakHouse and Chinese Buffet restaurants, a downscale breakfast and snack bar, and an Ok coffee house plus, I believe, some sort of nightclub. Across the street is McDonalds, a chain family restaurant and a chain Sports Bar. There is a pizza place behind the complex. A small block further is a mid-size indoor mall with 3 department stores. Our favorite place for breakfast, Chez Coras was a 10 minute walk thru parking lots or ask the hotel van to take you. Chez Coras is Canada's IHOP, but so much better!Staff: Very pleasant, not always knowledgable and trying to get the new hotel off to a good start which was sometimes confusing for them and their guests. We always got a warm Bonsoir when entering the lobby. And, unlike other Courtyards, there was a bellman on hand to help with luggage. No concierge.There is no Courtyard and no outdoor space you would like to spend time in. One final warning-driving in Montreal can be difficult. Signs are universally only in French despite the bi-lingual billing of the city.	
