Oct 20 2009 	YIKES!	Although the staff was very friendly, we would never return to this hotel, nor recommend it to anyone. It smelt of stale cigarette smoke, and although we were told that our room was non-smoking, we had an ashtray in the room. The beds had non fitting sheets, just multiple layers of blankets, kinda perplexing. The box spring was also covered in a plastic that looked it was just quickly taped up...kinda looked suspicious. We had no alarm clock in the room, it was dark and kinda spooky, with very dirty walls and ceilings that looked like they were about to crumble on you. We slept every night with the lights on, the chandelier in our room reminded us of a haunted movie, not all the lights worked, some were half dimmed. The view from our window was of a stairwell, with garbage bags. Good thing our window didnt open!!!The area was though perfect for us. As we were walking distance to Rue St Catherine, which is where we spent most of our holiday! Thank goodness for that, as I am not sure that we would of stayed there the 3 nights.	
Sep 6 2009 	Nice and Simple	I came to Montreal to visit with a few friends. Found this hotel near the Gray hound terminal. It's a nice hotel. The people were nice, and gave us a lot of good advice on what to visit in the city. The room wasn't bad at all for the price your paying. It was a marble fire place (not working) high ceiling. The hotel was and old European style home renovated into a hotel. I liked the charm. Would go back.	
Aug 19 2009 	Critters	I referred my three friends to this hotel because it was close to one that I was staying in. It wasn't great, but also wasn't expensive...all was ok, until my friend got home and went to the doctor to find out she was covered in BEDBUG BITES. It was then that I logged on here and discovered other reviews citing the same nasty problem.	
Aug 11 2009 	Awful - sick from bed bugs	I just returned from this hotel and I am covered in bed bugs. I'm really hoping none came back with me - I got back at midnight. The infestation was so bad that these &quot;hard to spot&quot; fellows were not hard to spot but crawling all over the bed and sheets. I collected them and took some to reception. They pretended to be shocked but showed me a newspaper clipping in French about them that they conveniently had on hand for this new problem.On top of that I couldn't shower because the shower was broken in my room. So I had to go and give a paper at a conference covered in bites, itching, on little sleep and with no shower.They changed my room after two nights (other hotels were full). Both rooms were dirty. The cleaning people made the bed with the remote trapped inside - clearly not changing sheets despite bug infestation. Also hairs in the bathroom etc, that stayed even after daily &quot;cleaning&quot;.The wifi - which really sold me on this hotel - never worked the whole time I was there. The owners were not available to talk to.I've never had such a bad hotel experience, although the staff were nice.	
Jul 5 2009 	nice hotel  good service	The Hotel is at a very convenient location in Downtown Montreal. Our room was clean. The bed comfortable with nice clean sheets. There was a little problem with the air conditioner, it was taken care of. Very friendly staff and good service.	
Jan 29 2009 	Terrible experience - beware of bed bugs	This hotel seemed innocent enough - an old gentleman behind the desk who was friendly, ladies in the morning so we were willing to forget some of the things until the morning we were leaving (we stayed there for 2 nights) when I developed red spots all over my body. They started itching and hurting and eventually had puss all over them. We returned home to the US from Montreal and my husband matched the shape and pattern (~3 bites at a time in numerous places) to bed bugs!! It was awful - much worse than mosquito bites - they swell up, fill in with puss and stay on for weeks after. The worst thing would have been if we brought these home - I washed EVERYTHING and prayed that no bugs came with us home - and seems like not. I am sure the owners knew about bed bugs - they should be forbidden from running a business.Other problems with this hotel that I should bring up:1. Our room smelled like an ashtray - the smell of cigarettes was so strong that I felt like a had a pack myself. We opened our one window and that helped but the window itself ... almost fell out on the street so we were worried someone is going to get hit below us if the wind blows over.2. My husband found a syringe right on top of one of the dressers - I do not want to think what went on in this room before.3. BED BUGS - terrible, never had such an experience before and I stayed at hostels etcStay away unless you want to suffer and possibly bring disease home.	
Sep 20 2008 	Good for 1 night stay	I stayed at the Hotel 7 Sasions for one night only so this is only based on my 12 hrs stay.The hotel or rather I should say 'motel' is a little small victoria house. There are other hotels around the same block so I really had to paid attention to the signs.The entrance is on the first floor. It was only a Thursday night but was fully booked. A sign that says 'No Vancancy' was taped onto the door. The door was locked when I tried to open it. Then a man emerged from the inside and opened it for me. I told him a reservation has already been made early the week. So he let me in. The man turns out to be my 'check-in' guy. He told me there's internet access here on the 1st floor (which essentially was right beside the check-in counter) and there'll be continental breakfast at 7:30am. The breakfast was literally on the right side of the check-in area. Very small but cute. He handed me the key and I went up to my room.There wasn't much review about this hotel so I searched elsewhere on the website. Most of the other reviews rated this place 6.5/10. Everyone seems to disliked the smoke smell in their rooms. but they liked the decor though.The room was slightly smaller than what I had expected. But it got a bed and a washroom so it meets my requirement. My room did smell like 'Febreeze + cigarette smell. just like what the other posters had said. It has a TV and a mini fridge as well. My TV remote control was running out of battery so often times I couldn't switch channels (no bigging...). There were lots of pot lights and a cute chandiller hanging above my bed as well.As I was about to turn the lights off, there was one set of pot lights I couldn't switch off. It turns out the light switch was missing the acutally 'switch'. One thing to note is that these switches are the 'dimmer sitch' so I used my key and was able to glide the actually control to the 'off' position.. The bed was old but had no cig. butts. Becuase there are other hotels in the area so I could hear people talking loudly on the patio. Luckily I was really tired so I slept through it.Checked out was a breeze the next mornng. Mimi was very nice. I grabbed my breakfast and left the hotel.	
Aug 26 2008 	Très bon souvenir		
