Oct 26 2009 	Not the best	This hotel was nice in its day, but is now quite worn. The room appeared fairly clean, but the furniture was old and stained, the curtains were falling off the rod on one side, the hand lotion in the bathroom was half empty and had not been replaced, and the only treadmill in the exercise room was broken. The decaf coffee was never replaced during my stay, and with only one or two attendants, the front desk was always too busy to wait to ask for more. On the positive side: the location was fairly convenient, only a few blocks from the Metro, the free internet was fast, and the room had a large walk-in closet.	
Sep 30 2009 	Cannot fault this hotel for comfort or value.	Our experience here was excellent. We spent a week here, our first visit to Montreal (and Canada), on the 24th floor, in a very nicely furnished and coordinated suite, with a fully equipped kitchen, a sizeable suite with dining area and a big balcony with a fantastic view towards Mont Royal. It was nice to have the kitchen facilities for breakfast or supper. The room was high enough to escape any traffic noise, but it's not too busy a thoroughfare anyway. Close to a metro station too, which is handy. The rooms are well insulated for sound - we never heard the neighbours, even though they had a baby with them! The laundry facilities in the basement are absolutely fine, cheap and easy to use, too. We found the service to be faultless and friendly, too; the front desk staff were very helpful. The place was spotless. We think that the people who have submitted poorer reviews must just have been unlucky. We know a good hotel when we see it as we travel extensively in Europe. We were comfortable and happy here and would try to book here again, when we return to Montreal, which we certainly will. This hotel contributed to a brilliant holiday in Montreal.	
Sep 25 2009 	Good value if your expectations are clear.	Stayed in room 2209 for two nights in September with friends to see the city and do some shopping. Some of the reviews on Trip Advisor made me leery about staying. However, the property is located easy walking distance from shopping and restaurants. The neighbourhood is safe. The rooms are dated, basic, but do include a small kitchenette which is convenient. The parking garage is dark, but that is standard for and old city like Montreal.I would not stay here if the hotel was the most important part of your stay, but for a weekend with friends, on the cheap (we payed $89 per night) - it is a good value.	
Sep 8 2009 	Worst hotel and service ever... especially for honeymooners!	My wife and I decided to come to Montreal for our honeymoon to keep our Canadian dollars where they belong but have it seem like we were in another country with the French langauge... We chose the Clarion because in the photos and description it looked wonderful! Well I have you know, the photos are NOTHING to what they are cracked up to be... Our 10 day honeymoon turned into a 2-night stay and we had to get out. We had a dear friend/hotel agent set everything up for us.. It was to be a honeymoon suite all jazzed up with roses and wine and the whole nine yards.. Upon our arrival, they didnt have a room ready for us until the NEXT night, so we settled for less at our expense.. The next morning we told front desk we were ready to check out and check back in for our &quot;honeymoon suite&quot; in which he replied &quot;you dont just want to keep the same room?&quot; .. I thought it must have been a joke but after some words were exchanged we got our upgrade which was planned to begin with... This room was a so nice and big and fancy, but ofcourse there was no roses and wine and everything as ordered. Being the romantic I am, I decided to prepare for a meal that I would make for my new wife in the kitchenette included with the room... Every dish or utensil had food caked all over it! It is the clients responsibility to keep the kitchenette cleaned to prevent a $25 fee but its evident that the cleaners dont do their job! I immediately took it to front desk and they didnt have time to replace it because they only ever have one person working at a time.. So she called a handy-man of some sort.. he came to our room and said &quot;I really have no time for this, you're just gonna have to clean them yourself&quot; .. I thought for sure this must be a joke but yet again we had to exachange some words and we eventually got clean dishes.. I don't know what they do to the employees at this hotel but they are the most miserable inconsiderate people I have ever encountered in customer service.. I will NEVER stay at this hotel again and I hope if this hasnt changed your mind about Clarion that you enjoy your time!	
Sep 7 2009 	Great location	First time at this hotel and the location was great for shopping, nightlife and the metro, all were in walking distance. The hotel was clean and the room was clean and spacious. However, speaking on the room I must say they need upgraded beds and pillows. They were probably the most uncomfortable bed in a hotel that I have slept in. The room we stayed in had a kitchenette and was a great idea as the fridge and microwave came in handy.	
Aug 21 2009 	The hotel is clean and inexpensive but...	This is probably a known party hotel. The rooms are large and inexpensive and the hotel itself is huge. To its credit, there was a concert in town, but reading some of the other reviews, it seems like this happens often. We were woken up several times during the night by the rooms around us. Upon check-in, there was an issue with my room rate which was never resolved but it wasn't a huge issue for me. The front desk staff was less than friendly including the supervisor. She seemed to become a bit nicer later on and the next morning. The staff did not seem very confident and probably needed some more training. The room was clean and the hotel was fairly close to some decent attractions. The free internet was appreciated. This is why I gave it an average rating (and not less). I would not stay here again if I were going to spend time exploring Montreal. For one night, it served its purpose.	
Aug 14 2009 	Didn't sleep that night	The hotel has fair price and good location in quite street near downtown , The building looks good yet checking in took some time bcz 1 employee was working at 7pm on 26/6/2009 . The room is OK but the gaz was broken and 2 other stuff werent in good shape but it wasn't a big issue .HOWEVER as of midnight there was shouting all over the hotel with teenagers screaming and talking in the corridors and people fighting among each other .WE called reception but no one answered . We were afraid to leave the room bcz of all the drunk young people going around banging on the doors and saying obscene words .This fiasco lasted up to 5am and the police were called in 6 times .The next day we checked out bcz that is no place for families or for people who want to have a good night sleep .The hotel slogan &quot;Satisfaction guaranteed or you money back &quot; is one big lie .We moved to Residence Inn (Mariott) accross the street which was better , cleaner , safer , &amp; cheaper .	
Aug 7 2009 	Great Experience and Hope More Feel the Same	Wow... Maybe I got lucky, or maybe some people expected a 5-star resort for $90 a night, but I have NO idea why this hotel reeived so many negative reviews.My wife and I were in Montreal for four days, and we were very satisfied with our stay. We booked a king bed suite and actually got a suite (not just a big room with a couch in it). It seems like the hotel was once an apartment complex with an upper and lower landing. On the upper landing was a mini-kitchen, the bathroom, a walk-in closet, and a dining area. On the lower landing was the bed as well as a desk and bureau with TV.The bathroom was adequate and clean. The kitchen had a full stove, fridge, and enough silverware and plates to cook dinner for two. It even had a cake pan! The closet was so big, you could hold our bags and seven or eight stowaways if necessary (no... really). The dining nook was nice for those nights we decided to eat in.The bed was comfortable, the TV worked just fine, and the desk was a perfect place to set up the laptop. The wi-fi was a little slow at times but always worked. The lower landing also had a balcony, that was far from decorative but a great place to bring out a chair and read the newspaper or wind down with a beer. We never turned on the A/C opting instead to open up a vent near the sliding glass door for a cool breeze on the 21st floor.As for the parking, I can't comment because we didn't have a car in Montreal. Montreal is such a pedestrian-friendly city it makes no sense to rent a car and park it in any garage (cramped or not) for $20 or $30 a day. The Clarion is located within three blocks of TWO metro stations, and is only about 6 blocks from the Crescent district. St. Catherine's street is one block to the north, so you are always near restaurants, shops, and grocery stores. The neighborhood is a little run down, but what do you expect for a 90-year-old neighborhood? We never felt threatened day or night by our surroundings. The front desk was occasionally busy (the lobby is small) but I waited maybe 10 minutes to check in and had an immediate check out. And as for the elevators, for crying out loud people... if you don't like the elevators take the friggin' stairs. See how &quot;bad&quot; the elevators are as you're huffing and puffing while going up 20 flights of stairs. Better yet, use the gym on the first floor (a gem in the building).Overall, I would recommend this hotel for young couples who don't mind a little walk to a Metro station or cooking up a store-bought pizza in the oven instead of spending $50 at a restaurant. If you want a 5-star hotel, go to Le Centre Sheraton. If you want a nice hotel with a gorgeous view of Mount Royal from your balcony for about $90 a night, than this is the place for you.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great location	It doesn't take alot for me to be happy with a hotel. I bascially like a good price, great location, and cleanliness. I travel with the idea that I'm there to see the city, and the hotel is just a place to sleep in. That said, I was impressed with the Clarion, despite reading bad reviews. Most places around are within walking distance. Room was clean, free internet was great, kitchen was a nice plus. Would definitely stay here again. Only bad thing for me was the hot tub was under construction during my stay, which was disappointing. You definitely do not need a car when visiting Montreal.	
Jul 5 2009 	Unsatisfactory Service And All-Night Partying At The Clarion Montreal	We recently stayed at the Clarion Hotel on Boulevard de Maissoneuve for three nights (June 25-28) and were very disappointed with the quality of service provided by this establishment. While we had a satisfactory stay at this location one year ago, we feel we must give this hotel an unsatisfactory rating on this occasion. A negative check-in experience on our first day in Montreal was followed the next day by the “night from hell” as we were subjected to all-night partying by underage teenagers. The hotel was ill-prepared to deal with this situation and should be very embarrassed about its reputation . While we did receive some compensation from the hotel’s front desk manager, we feel that we must comment on our experience at this hotel because there are customer service issues, security concerns and major concerns for guest safety that must be addressedUpon check-in on June 25 at 5:45 p.m., the gentleman checking us in was not successful in getting my American Express card to swipe through the electronic credit card reader. Two different machines were tried. It was a recently-activated card but I’d already used the card twice to purchase gasoline in two different cities and it worked flawlessly. I asked the receptionist to call American Express to see if there was a problem with the card and he refused. I called American Express on my cellular telephone and they informed me that the card was valid and that the hotel should call their hotline (a 1-800 number) and ask for a verification code on the card. The receptionist refused to do this saying that if the card couldn’t be swiped, it was no good. I then called the desk supervisor over and she also indicated that the hotel could not accept the card if it would not swipe. She also refused to call the credit card company to verify the card. The supervisor did try the card again and was successful in getting it to swipe after her second try.We certainly started out on the wrong foot at the Clarion and this hotel should be embarrassed to have such an incompetent staff manning the front desk. That a modern-day hotel would not have a way of manually entering a credit card number and verifying its validity is something that we find quite incredible and unacceptable. We used the credit card several times in Montreal at various restaurants and without problems or incidents during our stay.On Friday, June 26, we came back to our room (#412) at 4:00 p.m. and found sheets covering the hallway outside our room. We wondered what was going on as we hadn’t been informed by the front desk that any maintenance work was being performed on this date. My wife, who is handicapped, uses a wheelchair and the sheets made it extremely difficult to manouvre the wheelchair in the hallway. At 9:00 p.m. (five hours later), I approached the receptionist at the front desk and asked why the sheets were there. She informed me that the carpets had been cleaned that day and that the sheets were there to protect the carpets. I asked if the sheets could be removed from the hall and was told that people would be called to remove the sheets shortly. At 10:30, I called down to the receptionist again and she indicated that the sheets would not be removed until the morning. Please note that at no time, either when our booking was made or upon checking in, were we informed of any maintenance work to be performed at the hotel. That the hotel would not have closed this floor off for this type of maintenance is unconscionable. I also checked on several other floors and observed that sheets had been placed on those floors as well. Later on that evening, we realized that the carpets had not been cleaned and that the sheets were, in fact, placed there to protect the carpets in the hallway from all-night underage partygoers.After 10:00 pm on June 25, we became aware that the Clarion on rue de Maissoneuve in Montreal, Quebec had been targeted for a noisy, all-night, teenage after-prom party. Several complaints to the front desk drew little and very ineffective responsive action. The front desk claimed to be dealing with the problem but seemed content to have their regular, law-abiding guests accept the chaotic situation.The following infractions of unacceptable conduct were observed:• Partying in halls and rooms• More guests in the rooms than allowed under the fire safety code• Excessively loud music• Youngsters banging on doors in the middle of the night• Loud groups on balconies• Smoking on non-smoking floors in rooms, balconies and in corridors and stairwells• Shouting and loud swearing• Underage drinking• Beer and liquor bottles/cans left in the hallways, stairwells and elevators• Condom box left on the floor of one of the elevators• Hash/marijuana found in stairwell• All-night noiseIt was blatantly apparent that this Clarion Hotel was understaffed during the night as our calls to the front desk went unanswered. The line to the front desk rang repeatedly for well over one-hundred rings following repeated tries and there was no response from anyone at the front desk when we tried to call hotel staff. In effect, the front desk could not respond to any safety concerns at night because the hotel is so short-staffed. My wife is handicapped and if the hotel was so ill-equipped to handle loud party-goers, we wonder how this establishment would handle a medical emergency or a fire emergency (perhaps from a teenager smoking in a bed). There is a major concern as the disabled room is located on the fourth floor. Should a fire occur, the elevator would be out of service and I would be unable to get my wife down to safety unaided. Note that, in fact, the elevator did appear to be out of service in the middle of the night. It is obvious that any emergency situation that might occur in this hotel would result in a disaster beyond anyone’s imagination.The morning following the partying, the corridors, stairwells and elevators resembled a war zone. This mess remained throughout the hotel for most of the day and the establishment only had one caretaking employee charged with cleaning the corridors for the entire building. Where the prom partying took place on Friday evening, the corridors were still not completely cleaned and no vacuuming had been done. This clearly highlights this hotel’s severe understaffing, once again and demonstrates that the hotel staff is ill prepared to deal with any type of emergency situation that might come along.I spoke with the front desk manager on Saturday, June 27. Many other guests had complained about the noise and rowdiness in the hotel during the night on Friday. This manager did agree to refund the cost of one night’s stay to us. While we did appreciate this gesture, it was a very small one considering the unacceptable conduct of the teenage guests on Friday night and the unacceptable level of service the hotel provided (or did not provide) to deal with emergencies. The manager made excuses for the low level of service, blaming everything on staff cutbacks. When asked if there were security cameras in the hallways, he stated that cameras were only present in the front lobby area and none were present in the hallways because those were not allowed under Quebec law. We know, in fact, that cameras are allowed in hallways in Montreal because we checked with one of the competing popular hotel chains in the city and their facilities have cameras in all their corridors and in all public areas.Because security and safety are such a concern in this hotel, we are making the following recommendations:• Increasing the number of front desk personnel (particularly at night). Currently, only one staff member is assigned to the night shift.• Security card access for guests to use the elevators• A night security guard dedicated to patrolling the hallways to ensure that order is maintained• Security cameras installed in the all corridors, stairwells, front lobby and parking garage. These should be equipped with video recording devices• Enforcing the legal numbers of guests allowed to occupy a roomWe do not believe that this establishment would pass a government inspection or a Canadian Automobile Association Inspection following our experience there over our brief stay. For that reason, we have launched complaints with Choice Hotels, The Quebec Government and the Canadian Automobile Association. Hopefully the hotel management will acknowledge the problems we have addressed and take some action.	
May 25 2009 	never ever ever again!	This hotel is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at. The balcony door fell off the track and onto the balcony when I tried to open it. The concierge moved us to a suite, which was just a bigger version of our ugly old room. The bathrooms are extremely tiny with no room to move. The other people staying in the hotel were loud, rude, and slamming doors all night. The night concierge was EXTREMELY unhelpful. This hotel over -sold their parking garage, leaving my business partner and I stranded in montreal with nowhere to park our car at 1:30 in the morning. We complained only to be told &quot; there was nothing they could do&quot;Not finding parking until 3:30 in the morning was an awful end to an awful stay in the Clarion. I would not recommend this hotel to anybody.	
Nov 19 2008 	Horrible experience	I stayed at this hotel with another couple. I WAS HORRIFIED WITH THE EXPERIENCE WE HAD.After we were refunded for our room because of our experience, THE MANAGER CHARGED MY CREDIT CARD THREE (3) TIMES OVER---WITHOUT MY PERMISSION.Our experience included:-dirty soiled underwear in the lobby washroom-45 minute wait for elevators-dirty bed sheets-a manager who said they would call me back, then dodged my calls for - going on three weeks now.-noise complaints-dirty hot tub-no parking-a general manager who wouldn't listen to our complaints and was more interested in charging my credit card illegally, ***DO NOT USE THIS HOTEL. YOU WILL NOT BE HAPPY!-It totally ruined our Montreal experience, and one month later I am still trying to get this sorted with lawyers my credit card company, and the GM who is a flake.	
Oct 18 2008 	Very nice hotel	I cannot quite understand the many negative reviews this hotel has gotten, as we had a very pleasant experience here.We had not booked in advance but i had made a mental note in regards to the very competitive pricing, and checking in on a Thursday evening without reservations was not a problem, neither was extending our stay for Friday. The people at the front desk were friendly and knowledgeable about the area.Our room was on the 20th floor, fairly spacious and very clean, with a comfortable queen sized bed, a full kitchen with even a real stove and enough dishes, glassware and utensils to prepare a simple meal for two. We also had a terrace which offered a nice view over Mont Royal.Having read previous reviews I was prepared for a long wait at the elevators but during the 2 days of our stay we never had to wait longer than 2 minutes even during the morning check out rush and on most occasions an elevator arrived within 30 seconds. There was some wait at the front desk however, which with only two attendants and an excessively ringing phone seemed somewhat understaffed.We were charged a rate of $107 plus tax per night, which was a lot cheaper than downtown hotels closer to the center of town, which were asking for $200 and up. Parking cost extra (I believe it was $15 per day) and I do agree that the garage is small and it takes some maneuvering to get around, but we did not encounter any major problems with our mid-sized SUV.There are lots of restaurants, supermarkets and shopping centers close by, and the closest metro station lies only 2 blocks away.An overall very satisfying experience and I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Oct 6 2008 	This hotel is awful - don't even consider staying here	This past weekend I had the misfortune of staying at the Clarion Hotel at 2100 de Maisonneuve Montreal, QC. My experience was so terrible I believe that it is important for other travellers to be aware of the horrible conditions I experienced and the incompetent staff I had to deal with during my stay.I had booked a room with two double beds for four travellers. Upon arrival, I discovered that I was given a room with one double bed. I complained to the clerk at front desk, who was unconcerned at first and told me that there was little he could and that I could lodge a formal complaint in the morning. I had to tell him that this was unacceptable and I demanded that I be given the room I reserved so that there would be enough space for everyone to sleep. He finally agreed to call the manager and asked us to wait in the current – but too small room.Unfortunately, when we were waiting we discovered that the room we were given was not only too small, but also did not have electricity. After calling front desk, someone from maintenance came to the room. We tried to explain the problem, but he could not speak either French or English. After flipping the light switches he mumbled “no power me back”, shrugged his shoulders. He left and didn’t come back. We complained again, to no avail. After sitting in the dark for about an hour we were finally given a new room. This room did not have two double beds, but it had a bed and a sofa bed and was apparently the last room available in the hotel. Conceding that it was better than a single bed we agreed to take it for the night.When we arrived in the room it was filthy, musty, and stinky. The walls had grime on it, the floor had chip crumbs, the sheets had holes, there were no pillows, and the bathroom was mouldy and in disrepair. The sofa bed had no support and it was more comfortable to put the mattress on the floor. Since it was all that was available we made due and had an uncomfortable night.The next day, we complained again and changed to a new room that actually had two double beds, was fairly clean, and did not smell. Unfortunately it did not have face cloths, and when we asked for them they never came. We called three times to get face cloths, but our request was ignored. Finally, an hour and a half later, someone came with a bath towel. But they could not speak English or French and did not understand us when we said that it wasn’t what we needed.When I checked out the next day, I had to wait an hour since the hotel staff was slow and did not have an automatic check out system like most major hotels use. Regardless, we needed to talk to the staff because there was a card in the room that stated that if we were not satisfied with our stay we were entitled to a free night stay. When I finally got to check out, I asked the clerk for the discount and he LAUGHED AT ME! We spoke to the manager, who didn’t take our complaints seriously, but offered us $60 off our bill anyway. We were so upset we just took the small discount that was offered and left so that we could be rid of the horrible experience and bad treatment.The Clarion Hotel was by far the worst hotel I’ve ever stayed at and I cannot in good conscience recommend that anyone stay at this hotel unless they want to ruin their stay in the beautiful city of Montreal.	
Sep 18 2008 	Hated It	I've stayed at the Clarion between 09/15-09/18 and had some good and bad experiences.Good:Having your own kitchen is definitely a plus. Cooking a light meal and eat it at your leisure makes me feel like home. I stayed in the Junior suites and had plenty of room to place my luggages, bags etc...Bad:I think the clearning crew must've been very lazy or they get paid somewhat a low wage. Bathroom: It's cleaned everyday BUT there are rooms for improvement. I walked into the bathroom one day and noticed a price tag I threw away into the basket bin earlier in the morning is now in the toilet. The cleaning person obviously didn't flush the toilet or else he/she'd noticed there's a piece of paper in there.Bed: It's made everyday BUT I noticed they just threw the extra pillow on the cover. It looks like someone was in a hurry and didn't bother placing it in its proper place.Misc:I don't think they really clean everything in that room during my stay. I noticed there was a strind of hair on my bedside table and my lotion bottle was knocked down one day when I got back to the suite.Elevators:There are 2 elevetors in the building. I didn't have to wait for long to go up to my floor. BUT going down was a different story. Unless you leave the hotel at 7amish, you'll have to wait 5-10 mins for an elevator. I got so fed up during the rest of my stay that I just took the stairs and walked to the main floor.One night I was waiting for the elevators on the main floor. There was a cleaning person changing the bags in the garbage bins. I assumed the bag has a hole or maybe something fell out from the bin. The person sweared right there in front of me. Although he was swearing loudly in a different language but it just so happened that I understand what he was saying. I gave him a look and then quickly hopped into the elevator.Check Out:There was one person working at reception in the morning. Everyday I passed by the desk, I'd see a queue waiting to checkout. I had to wait 25 mins to check out at 7:45am. The management should know better to place more people at Reception. The lady who was serving didn't get help until 8:10am. She had to multi tasks between people checking out, answer telephone calls and people 'dropping by' to leave things for her. etc.. etc...Maybe I am a picky person. Hence I'm noticing all these little things. But overall i don't think I'll come back to this place again.	
Sep 3 2008 	Great deal - Recommend it!	I was last minute making reservations, TripAdvisor was a big help but I ran into too many 'not availables' so I asked AAA to find something and they got me a reservation at the Clarion Hotel &amp; Suites. We had a great room - a suite for only $124 CAD / night - with queen size bed, living room with pull out sofa (my 16 year old son was travelling with me so that gave us each a little privacy), 2 TVs, decently equipped kitchen, bathroom, and kitchen table area. We were on the 15th floor which had awesome views from both the living room and the bedroom with windows that opened! I read in Trip Advisor that we may not get parking in the garage and that turned out to be true. We wanted to park indoors since my daughter's stuff had to stay in the car a few days so we parked at the Pepsi Forum only 2 blocks away. It worked out great! You could park right out front for 15 min. to unload/load. Parking is not good anywhere in Montreal in my experience - neither inexpensive, roomy, nor easy to access. I recommend the higher floors because of the elevators. We did have to wait for an elevator going up, but never going down, but we did pass by the lower floors where people couldn't get on because it was already full. My key needed to be replaced but that did not turn out to be much of an inconvenience at all. Only other downside, the internet service was not reliable.But if you are on a budget, not in a hurry, and want to enjoy Montreal, I highly recommend it! Its near shopping, movies, groceries, metro, and restaurants.In the last 4 years, this is the 3rd hotel I've stayed in downtown and my favorite so far!	
Sep 1 2008 	Great Experience	We booked the summer special, stay the first two nights, and the third night is half price and breakfasts are included. Breakfast is two eggs, your choice of sausage or bacon, toast, juice, coffee or tea. The room is upgraded to an executive suite and it was very clean and comfortable. Fully equipped kitchen, separate bedroom, great air conditioning, bathroom is a little dated, but again clean and comfortable. All the staff were great and very helpful. Two blocks to the subway, but you can walk anywhere. Grocery store around the corner, and good shopping on St. Catharine Street. The BEST restaurant was Enzo's on Crescent Street. The food was excellent, the prices were very reasonable, and the staff was amazing. They will make you things that are not even on the menu! If you are visiting Montreal, you must dine here!	
Aug 30 2008 	Stay away	We decided to stay at Clarion because it generally enjoys a good reputation and was close to many of the attrations we wanted to visit. Upon arrival, we found that they charged a $200 security deposit, that was not advertised on the webiste, also $16/night for parking that was not advertised. The parking was in an undergroud lot, that barely accommodated the size of our Jeep Liberty. There was not enough room to pass another car in the garage, so you just held your breath and hoped you would not meet another car on the way. Breakfast was not included in the price of the room, unless you bought a &quot;special package;&quot; then the breakdown of room charges showed $10 each for breakfast that included 2 small eggs, 2 undercooked strips of bacon or sausage, two pieces of toast and a tiny glass of orange juice. The room itself was relatively clean, but on the shelf in the coat closet, we found shirt that belonged to a former occupant, sitting on a few layers of dust. The bed was hard and they only had feather pillows, a nightmare for 2 people who suffer from allergies. Most hotels today include free local calls, so we made a few over the time we stayed and on checkout found that they charge $1 for every call--also not advertised. Two elevators for 26 floors meant a wait every time you wanted to use one. The front desk girls were less than helpful and barely spoke English, we had difficutly getting them to understand most of what we were saying. Overall, I would no go back here. There were many hotels all around, pick one of them.	
Aug 27 2008 	Avoid this hotel if possible	The only good thing about this hotel is its location. Everything else is just bad:- There are only 2 elevators (not enough for 21-floor hotel) and they are slow, so there's a constant line-up, a few of times we had to wait for 10-15 minutes- Rooms are not clean. My gf have found a hair and some dirt on the wall of the bathtub, the carpets were dusty, and the bed cover was not washed probably for a year.- Receptionists are rude, and completely useless (don't even bother to ask them anything).- They save even on shampoo and soap: there were not enough supplies for 2 of us for the whole period, and they didn't bother to bring any more.- Hotel website says it has a &quot;spa tub&quot;. But in fact it's a small, smelly (chlorine plus stale water) and quite dirty pool of water, hotel employees are walking around it in their street shoes. I have never seen anyone use it.In short: stay away from this hotel, there're plenty of better places in Montreal	
Aug 22 2008 	Okay Stay at the Clarion	In my opinion, the reviews on this site are a bit harsh. I found the room to be clean and spacious- we had a suite. I thought the location was close to the subway-we were there for the Montreal Jazz Festival. The center of town is about a 20-30 min walk away which was great for us to stretch our legs.I will agree that the elevators were slow and should be updated. I would also agree that the parking garage is very dangerous and also needs to be updated. Overall, I think the hotel is fine for the money spent unless we just got lucky.	
Aug 16 2008 	A little puzzled by some of the terrible reviews	My wife and I booked an executive suite through Expedia.ca for Aug. 14 and 15 and paid about $105 a night. For this we got a clean, fairly spacious one-bedroom apartment with a kitchen that had wine glasses, crockery, a few pots and pans -- enough to do some simple cooking. We also had a pretty good sized balcony.As others have noted, the small lobby and the two elevators are a bit of a problem, but we managed to get checked in and checked out without too much of a wait. The wifi was free, and worked fine.The Clarion is not exactly overflowing with staff (I think during our visit there was just one person at reception at all times. The woman who checked us in seemed to be juggling about seven things at once, but she did it exceedingly well, and service was courteous. We had to park about a block and a half down the street at a private lot, but that's because we didn't book parking in advance. The fee at the private lot was surprisingly modest -- $12 for both days.The only real glitch was that when we returned, exhausted, at the end of the second day, neither of our key cards worked. But the front desk fixed this immediately. The place seemed fairly busy, but we were not awakened at 2 a.m. by noisy drunks as we were a few weeks earlier at a more upscale Montreal hotel. All in all, I'd describe the Clarion as pretty good value for the money.	
Aug 5 2008 	Do NOT stay here	My wife and stayed at this hotel on Sunday August 3, to get things started we are both very familiar with Montreal and have stayed at dozens of hotels in Montreal. Seeing that our trip was coming to an end and we wanted to break our drive up a bit we decided to stay the night in Montreal and head home the next day... We didnt have access to the internet but I always keep hotels.ca number handy on my cell. We called them and booked a somewhat cheap hotel ($150 for a sunday night) as we didnt want to spent too much money, hotels.ca rated the hotel a 3 star so we figured we were safe! geez was I wrong, as soon as we checked in my wife decided she did want to stay here so we tried to check out right away. Which was impossible without losing $150 (somewhat understandable). The staff was pretty good to us and offered us a different room on higher floor which was a bit cleaner but still digusting. I will never stay at this hotel again for the following reasons:Location: although it isnt that far from the action the area doesnt seem the safestRooms: are so outdated and dirty (I wouldn't let my 17 brother stay there even to party) Elevators: seem like they haven't been serviced since the hotel was built and there is only 2 for 20 floors... 10 - 15 minute waitParking: don't even bother parking your car there If i could give this hotel a minus rating I would. Stay at the Four Points, or Delta $10 more a night but a world of difference	
Jul 20 2008 	Disgusting rude guests staff and conditions.	The Clarion in Montreal takes the cake for the most disgusting establishment I have ever stayed at. My boyfriend and I drove from Ottawa into Montreal to finish our Canadian vacation in the fall and poorly chose this place to stay because of its somewhat affordable rate. We could hardly drive on the street due to construction, and parking was an utter mess -- the garage is a hazard in every way, with a one-way circular ramp into the garage and low ceilings with poor lighting.The room was as clean as one would hope for; we only had marginal issues with the actual room. We were exhausted from driving and because of the hotel's inconvenient location and frightening garage we chose not to venture far; when we sat down to eat at the restaurant the waitress walked over and pretty much told us the food at the hotel was horrible and suggested we find somewhere else to eat...we ended up finding a pretty nice place down the street.Apparently the same night we were staying there, an entire high school group was staying in the same general wing of the hotel (though not sure if they were on our floor or elsewhere). The shouting and banging and hollering never stopped. Our phone rang off the hook with prank calls and random French messages. We complained multiple times, and we told that other people had also complained, and nothing was done. We heard a front desk person tell these loud guests to shut up many times, to no avail.Anyway, there were two nights of this insanity, and we were glad to get out. The entire experience was horrid and disgusting -- the area, the hotel, the staff unwilling to do anything to shield good guests from rude ones; I wrote Clarion HQ a letter with a very detailed complaint and they basically sent me an e-mail to tell me there was nothing they can do -- great customer service, huh? We'll never go back there, and if you are reading this, the reviews should speak for themselves...this hotel is horrible. I would've rather slept in my car.	
May 20 2008 	Worst Night's Sleep Ever	This is NOT a Hotel... it is more of a rooming house full of very inconsiderate guests! My husband and I stayed here to avoid staying with relatives on the long weekend but ended up being woken up BOTH nights by drunkards trying to get into our room and their own! The walls are paper thin, people seem to live there on a weekly/monthly basis and yell down the halls at all hours of the night, the doors have a horrible closing mechanism that echos down the hall and the hotel had no parking available. I did not get any sleep, not only because of the noise but also the beds were so hard I might as well have been sleeping on the floor and the pillows were very very lumpy and thin. Do yourselves a favor and stay at a hostel, this place is the WORST hotel I've ever been in.	
Apr 20 2008	Absolutely disgusting	Absolutely Disgusting? - Jon? - TodayI have never seen such a fiasco in my life. We booked and had written confirmation for two rooms for April 19, 2008, the Saturday night of the UFC '83. Upon our arrival we discovered that the hotel was majorly over booked. They had up to 4 reservations per room. The first people to arrive were given their room only to go out for a few hours and return to find their keys no longer worked and someone else was in their room. Other less fortunates like ourselves were just left with no room and absolutely no where to stay in Montreal. The staff didn't even bother to try to locate another hotel for these people. We were just screwed and left to drive back to Toronto after the fight. Too bad the worst rating you can give this hotel is poor.	
Sep 20 2007	Fancy a Wait for Lifts	Stayed here as part of a Tour Party and found the hotel to be not as bad as some of the reviews posted on here unless of course we were lucky. The rooms were big and the kitchen area was small but lets be honest who goes to Montreal on holiday to spend a lot of time in the room - the beds were clean and comfortable and the room intself was large - What has been said about the lifts is true - we waited about 10 mins one day for them and most of the time I walked up and down the stairs (fortunately we were on on the 8th floor :-) ) The bar is poor though we went for a drink about 10.30 one night and it had ran out of draught lager and wine and the service was pretty slow. The breakfast we had one morning was fine and reasonable priced. The area the hotel was in was not the best but I never felt overly threatened and its more central than some of said - only about a 10 minute walk to the Crescent which is an area full of bars and restaurants. Overall I would say this hotel is not the best but dont know technically how much we paid for it as it was all included in the tour price	
Sep 6 2007 	I would warn all away from this hotel	This WAS a nice hotel years ago, called the Manoir LeMoyne. It seems that Clarion has taken it over and driven it down into nothing more that a dump with drug users yelling all through the night.Rather than write out a terribly long narrative, here is a long list of why we won't go back:Small bathroomFan did not workShower door not attached properlyDrawers did not open and close properlyHair dryer did not operate for more than 1 minute (alternate I had blew circuit)KitchenDrawers did not open and close properlyDishes were dirty in the cupboardMain AreaAir vents were filthyWallpaper peeling, with moldy looking walls behindDining area chair torn and frayedSofa and chair stainedLarge BathroomDoor did not functionVery low water pressureSpa jets did not workI have to agree wholeheartedly with the negative reviews.Oh, and this was the &quot;Presidential Suite&quot;. We needed more beds and thought it would be a nice splurge. They wanted $300/night.	
Sep 4 2007 	Don't Stay here	First of all we requested 2 rooms next to eachother with pullout couches. The person on the phone said this would not be a problem, but when we got in our rooms were 17 floors apart and no couch in either or them. The 17 floors wouldn't have been a big deal if you didn't have to wait for the elevators for so long. Having no couches was a problem seeming how there were 7 of us for 2 beds. They gave us rooms 13 floors apart on the second night that at least had couches after we complained. Trust me the rooms are crappy so the hassle wasn't worth it. Also, It is a good distance away from the action. I mean it is walkable, but if you are staying at this hotel you are probably going for the bars and you are going to get drunk so the walk was a bit longer than I wanted. The funniest part of the hotel experience was when we asked where the ice machines were and the front desk person told us if we wanted ice we could go to the store to buy it.Do not stay here no matter how cheap of a hotel you want.	
Aug 22 2007 	Sheets not changed wait for elevator unsafe garage	Perhaps I should start with the positives before I get to the negatives. My friends and I stayed at the Clarion Hotel the weekend of August 18, 2007. We stayed in an Executive suite which includes a bedroom with a queen sized bed and a sofa bed in the living room. There is a TV in both rooms. The fridge and microwave in the kitchen came in very handy for midnight snacks. It is located quite close to shopping on St. Catherines (10 minute walk) and it's about a 20 minute walk to trails up Mount Royal.At first glance the hotel seemed decent, but we soon found something VERY disturbing. Underneath the pillow lay an old t-shirt! Unless Clarion has started a complimentary pyjama service, we were certain that it did not belong there, nor did it belong to any of us. We informed reception of the situation - that the sheets were not changed - and they sent one fresh pillow and sheet. However, the presence of the t-shirt is an obvious indicator that the entire bed was not changed and so we had to call reception again to request a second pillow and sheet. Despite the fact that the situation was corrected, it did not restore our confidence in the housekeeping practices at this hotel. The manager was reluctant to compensate us. At first she claimed that &quot;the sheets are definitely clean&quot; as housekeeping cleans them every day. We had to argue this because it is clear that anything left in the bed means that it was not cleaned properly. She ended up giving us complimentary parking (a savings of $35 off a bill of ~$420 for 2 nights). She claimed that because we had pre-paid with Hotels.ca she couldn't do anything else.Even if the sheets were clean, we still would not go back to this hotel. The elevator, as mentioned on another review, is ancient. The hotel has only 2 elevators which has a maximum capacity of 8 persons each which services over 20 floors. We waited almost 10 minutes for an elevator that wasn't full, and this occured on many occassions.Finally, the underground parking garage was simply unsafe. It is extremely cramped, making parking for vehicles larger than sedans quite challenging, if not impossible. Also, the ramps were narrow but also 2-way. There are no signs indicating 2-way traffic and accidents could easily occur if someone wasn't looking around the corner, as there were no convex mirrors either. To exit the garage, you have to swipe your card at the bottom of the exit ramp. As we were leaving, the garage door began to close and we had to break in avoid being hit! We had to reverse the car down the steep ramp to open the door again. Seeing as how we drove up the exit ramp at an acceptable speed, this is completely unacceptable. If you are considering a stay in Montreal, definitely look elsewhere first, unless you don't expect to drive there, take the elevator to the 20th floor, or sleep in clean sheets.	
Aug 19 2007 	Noisy!	We booked this hotel through Canadian Affair travel agent at a cost of about £50 per night.This is not a typical hotel - each room contains a sleeping area, a small kitchen and a dining/living area. It's all quite small, but if you're on a budget the kitchen will help keep eating costs down. Everything was clean and tidy, but the kitchen equipment was slightly outdated.The location is some distance from central Montreal where many of the bars and restaurants are located. Walking is definitely possible, but it takes a while and at night we didn't feel 100% safe walking along Rue Maisonneuve in the vicinity of the hotel. It is probably safer and easier to take the Metro to the Atwater station which is a couple of blocks away.Our biggest complaint about the hotel was the fact that we had one night where we were kept awake until after 3am by a party on our corridor! It turns out that most of the rooms on the corridor were taken by US high-school kids who had travelled to Montreal because the drinking age-limit is lower!!! Despite calls to reception, nothing was done about it and the noise made it impossible for us to sleep until the last student passed out!I appreciate that this may well be a rare occurrence, but we felt that the hotel staff didn't go out of their way to help resolve the situation. When we spoke to reception in the morning, they said that they sympathised with us and told us that the students wouldn't be staying there again! There was no apology or offer of recompense.	
Aug 15 2007 	Clarion Montreal one word. Awful.	I stayed the weekend of August 10, 2007 and will absolutely never stay again. I had a &quot;suite&quot; which consisted of a twin mattress (whichthey said was a queen bed) which was hard as a rock and a pull out sofa bed( 2 nights with tax totalled $316 CAD). I agree with the other review from that weekend, the elevator in this hotel seems likesomething from cold war russia, and badly needs to be serviced or replaced. Parking at the hotel is also a huge mess, I was able to getinto the garage, but you have never seen a moor poorly designed garage. Most folks end up parking in lots which charge $12-$18 CAD every 12 hours. I also believe they age discriminate. I was forced tosign a &quot;no visitor or alcolhol clause for my room&quot; by the front desk.Being in my late 20s this was insulting, and appeared no where on their website. This hotel is also is completely unsecure, anyone can walk in or take the elevator at anytime they wish, and it's not exactly in the nicest part of the St. Catherine's street area. Oh and it's near absolutely nothing. If you're an American looking to visit montreal completely avoid this pathetic excuse for a hotel thatis no where near anything on St. Catherine's.	
Aug 10 2007	Pretty ok for what you pay	The hotel is ok for what you pay. The room we got was ok too. The kitchen is fully equipped as promissed and a little bit bigger than I expected. It is not like your own kitchen, but you will get the basic things.During the weekend you may have some noisy neighbors. The elevators are not fast enough, so you may expect some backup. The towels were almost always missing in the whirpool and sauna. The recepcionists are very nice, but the rest of the staff (at least the ones I met) could be more corteous.Regarding the location, it is pretty close to the subway. You can get to lots of places in Montreal without using your car. The surrondings are a bit rundown, but the hotel is pretty close to lots of restaurants and bars. There is plenty of people walking around this area at night. You can find places that are closer to the real downtown, but I am not sure if that is necessarely a good thing. I suppose the real downtown may be too empty at night.	
Jul 15 2007 	Great location decent rooms poor service.	The room included:- 1 queen bed, night tables- smaller TV and table- eating table and chairs- full kitchen with fridge, stove, toaster, microwave, limited utensils, cookware, and dish wares- full bathroom with bathtubLOCATIONThe Clarion is located in a fairly nice area of west Montreal on De Maisonneuve West, close to the Guy Metro. The area has a nice charm with unique-to-Montreal architecture and it is close to many attractions by walking or by Metro. You can walk to Rue Crescent in under 15 minutes, and Rue Ste. Catharine is a block south. The back alley is dirty and dodgy. The area was under construction as of July 2007.AMENITIESThe hotel has a sauna and whirlpool, fitness centre, and a bar on-site but I did not use them during my stay. The free wireless internet worked well. PARKINGUnderground parking is available for vehicles less than 6 feet at an outrageous price of $16.00 per night. Other lots in the area are cheaper if you don't mind outdoor parking, however break-ins, thefts, and vandalism are bad in Montreal, especially if you drive a nice car or one with American plates.CLEANLINESSThe hotel is clean although it has signs of abuse (scuff marks, scratches, etc) probably from the party goers at the hotel. COMFORTThe air conditioners in the rooms are horribly loud and do not work well at dehumidifying the room. These brutal machines really disrupted watching TV, doing work, and especially sleeping!! I might not ever come back to this hotel because of them! The comfort of the furnishings was average. The TV was a little small too.SERVICEThere was confusion with my reservation on their part and it took quite a long time to resolve. The woman was not very friendly although she probably puts up with a lot of BS from people every day at this hotel. Aside from the reservation mix up, I had no problems with the service.OVERALLThis hotel would be a great place for families to stay, however the party crowds who frequent this hotel would keep me from bringing my family to stay there. It is great for those who enjoy cooking once and a while while travelling, and those on business trips with colleagues. That said, I will be putting this hotel on my last choice list when visiting Montreal until they replace those air conditioners.	
May 7 2007 	Great experience !	I stayed at the Clarion from may 4th to may 6th, 2007, (2 nights) with my boyfriend. At the check-in, it was a bit long because the girl at the front desk was alone. But she was very friendly and did some jokes with the people. No problem with my reservation, already paid so I took the electronic cards for my room and I went to it, on the 9th floor. This room was very clean, nice bed and big windows. It was a junior suite with a queen size bed, non-smoking. The window can be opened (it's like a patio-door). You have also a little kitchen with everything you need to cook a light meal, but a note advise you to clean the kitchen, because if it's not clean when you're leaving, a 25$ can be charged on your account. In front of the bed there's a tv with cable-channels, and paying-movies (like 11.99$ CAD for a movie... no thanks). Even if we were not that high, the view was great (take a look at my pictures). You already know that it is a great location because everyone said it before, and it's true. A lot of restaurants, stores, bars, supermarkets, etc. Near to metro Guy and metro Atwater (Place Alexis-Nihon, a great underground mall). Of course, 2 tiny elevators for more than 20 floors, it's not the best. But I took the stairs 2 times and it wasn't that bad, sometimes we were 5 in the elevator but some others times I didn't wait and I was alone. There's a laundry room working with change, that's good. The bathroom is very, very clean. I paid 123$ tax included per night, and it was quiet, even if there was a lot of people. The maid I talked to was polite, friendly and nice. The check-out was faster than the check-in, there was two girls at the front desk. We enjoyed our week-end and would go there again. Thanks for reading me and contact me if you have questions!	
Mar 26 2007 	Been going here for 4 years... Really good for the price	I've been traveling to Montreal (as an adult) for almost 10 years and stayed at 4 different downtown area hotels. I made the Clarion my hotel of choice back in 2003. I stay in the Executice Suites with anywhere from 1-3 other guys. The average cost is usually $120CAD + tax (AAA price). First off, let me say I've been more then happy with the size of the rooms. Like I said we've fit 4 grown men in 1 room with no comfort issues. The rooms are always clean, stocked with everything we've needed... and the one time there was a issue of having no hot water in the shower, they had it fixed within the hour. Location was very important in picking the Clarion. It's in a good neighborhood and in reasonable walking distance to the downtown area. The Forum is two blocks over, Cresent is about a 5 minute walk... The 2 main downsides I have with the Clarion is the parking and elevators. The underground parking lot is down an alley, behind the hotel. It's not hard to find but it's gets difficult navigating through it once you get into the lot. Low clearances and narrow spaces make SUVs and larger sixed cars pretty difficult to get in and out of spots. The elevators issue is that there's only 2, and having to accomodate 20+ floors can make the wait a bit of pain in the neck. Other then that I have no complaits about it, the staff as always been accomodating and very friendly. At the moment I haven't found anything better for the price they offer.	
Jan 4 2007 	Line Up	Stay For New Years Eve 2007. Paid CAD 125/night + TAX.This is an OK hotel with problems, Good things about this hotel : 1. Good location 2. Good size room with tiny kitchen &amp; dine table.I just going list things i dont like from this hotel :1. Lobby is so small that i need 45 minutes in line just to check in 2. 10 minutes for tiny and superslow elevators.3. Heating system in the room is so noisy.4. Sound proofing is questionable5. If hotel is fully booked, the canches is you'll have no hot water.Pls dont choose this hotel on high season, it's a nightmare.	
Nov 27 2006	The worst experience of my life	Checking into the Clarion proved to be a nightmare. The staff was too incompetent to enter my credit card properly which was refused. She was asking me all kind of question about my bank account which I thought were strange but I was under shock as I have a new card with a high limit. I asked to use their phone as I assured her there was a mistake. She refused told me to use a pay phone. Here I was stranded with my 3 daughters 200 kms from home and was treated like a thief and a third class citizen. I paid cash for the room and in my car called the bank from my cell. The bank informed me that they never tried to withdraw money and after hearing my story told me they breeched confidentiality I will have to cancell and have a new card as the questions the hotel were asking are highly suspicious. After TRYING to relay this to the hotel and asking them to call the bank I was blatantely accused of being a liar. I asked for my money back without taking a supervisor name to contact the next day. Got my money back.WENT TO DOUBLE TREE HOTEL- CARD WORKED PERFECTLY AND STAFF WAS AMAZING.	
Nov 3 2006	Good	I'm from Toronto and I came to Montreal for Halloween weekend. I'm 21 and I came with 3other friends, 20, 19 &amp; 17.I had my wallet stolen from me in the club district on Crescent Street. Careful people!Anyways, we arrived Montreal early in Friday morning and were able to check into the hotel by 3PM. Before that though, we called the hotel to ask if we could come in a bit earlier and they said no. Then I called again and they didn't have my RESERVATION in the system. This pissed me off. They told me to call back ChoiceHotels.ca to see what happened since I did book through them. After all that, we got our room at 3pm.We had the Executive Suite. It was clean and nice. Decor isn't all that great but I knew I wasn't staying at the Hyatt hotel or anything. Reception, maids and service was all good. I don't understand why people in other reviews said they were rude. The hotel is an easy 5-10 minute walk from the Metro (subway) and plaza (with grocery store &amp; shopping!!) and the movie theatre!.The kitchen had everything for us to cook with. Just no hand soap. But there was dishwashing soap. They do need more garbage bags. The 4 of us accumulate too much garbage.I slept in the room with the Queen Size bed and I was cold. Even with the heater on. The Living room was more heated than the bedroom was.and its true, the elevator is slow. The toilet needs some time to flush as well. don't over fill it with tissue. and the lock on the bathroom can be tricky so we didn't use it,Overall, everything was fine.	
Oct 31 2006 	Renovations Complete- This place is a "best deal"	We stayed at this hotel several years ago when it was called the Manoir LeMoyen. Now that renovations are complete and the property is part of the Clarion group- this place has become the best deal that we encountered in quite some time!By all means ask for a no smoking room and a room looking north when making your reservations. We checked in quite late ( close to midnight) and were welcomed hospitably and provided with all the room details requested. ( we ended up on the 14th floor with a view to the mountain)The front desk was able to provide us with directions to the late night &quot;depanneur&quot; stores in the area so we could stock up for a lazy breakfast the next morning.We had a queen size room. Very well outfitted. Good live/ work area. Nice sitting room with couch and chair, dinette AND a most comfortable office area with good office grade chair and free WIFI in the price of the room ( $119 CDN per night - check hotel website for specials)Room service was spot on - if a tad too efficient. We had a difficult time convincing room staff with notes that we did not need a change of sheets and to save the environment.Situated between 2 Metro stops and minutes walk to the shops in Westmount and downtown Montreal- this was a dream location.Be warned - don't attempt the underground garage in anything much larger than a midsize car. But with transportation so close at hand- why bring a car into the city in the first place?A great experience for a 9 day stay!!	
Oct 30 2006 	Good in parts......	We stayed here for 3 nights last week.It is a very tall building (some 22 floors) with only 2 lifts which becomes a REAL problem at popular times or when groups are checking in or out.ROOM - very clean and spacious, nice kitchenette area, small bathroom but with lovely powerful shower and nice big white fluffy towels.Comfortable bedsThey are a bit stingy with the coffee they provide - so be sure to take your own. One per person per day just looks mean.The windows are floor to ceiling which I don't care for on the 16th floor. Nor were the windows properly fitted as the curtains moved around in the wind - and the nets needed a good wash.There were extremely high winds while we were there and it could be heard whirling around.We also had a problem ALL one night with a faulty smoke alarm :-(They did fix it immediately the next day and that wasn't anyone's fault.Not much in the way of views, just flat rooftops.Location is ok - but quite a walk into the centre and very little of any real interest (we were disappointed in Montreal, felt it could have been any major city, nothing special)Bar meals in the hotel are expensive.Overall - OK but nothing outstanding.	
Jun 20 2006	Give this place a pass.	We stayed at this hotel for a week so I can speak from experience. How it got a rating of 4 stars is beyond me-it is a 2.5 in my opinion. This is the first time that I have ever rated a hotel but your website has been so helpful to me in picking hotels since my expericne that I feel compelled to contribute. Although we booked for a week, we were offered one of the worst rooms in the place- in bad repair, looking like it had not been renovated or maintained since the severnties. Only when a number of things including the plumbing did not work and the hotel was not inclined to fix it, were we moved to a better looking but still poorly maintained room. Our new room had an ancient unrenovated sub standard kitchen lacking essential equipmeht. for example, it had an oven but no ovenprrof pans or dishes. When we asked the hotel how we could use the oven without pans, we were told that they were not supplied. The plumbing is old and poorly maintained requiring frequent calls to maiteance. When they cleaned the rooms, they frequently did not leave toilet paper or adequate towels, requiring more calls. The staff were stiffly polite but dismissive- it is clear that they were not allowed to do anything or spend any money to keep the hotel in an adequate state of repair or offer adequate customer service. The elevator service is slow and inadequate. We were forced to wait forever for an elevator only to find it occupied by cleaning staff and cleaning equipment. If you are thinking of staying here give it a pass. It could ruin your holiday.	
Apr 26 2006	Noisy	Just a word of caution - this hotel is completing renovations through May 15, 2006. The noise is unbelievably loud and prevents any kind of rest or relaxation. It is impossible to sleep on any floor after 7 a.m. I stayed here one night and the next morning people in the lobby were talking about it and the front desk phone was ringing with comlaints as I checked out.	
Jan 30 2006	Perfect for a long stay	I've come not to expect much when booking a hotel from an online, name your price, website, but this hotel treated us just like a regular patron. All in all this hotel worked really well for a mom and 11 yo son for their first visit to Montreal. Granted, we had just come from a top notch hotel in downtown Montreal where we were very disappointed, so we didn't have high expectations. Our room was nicely appointed, and the kitchen worked great for us. There is a supermarket about a block away and other small markets in the neighborhood. It was very reminiscent of living in Europe. We would get fresh baguettes daily usually ate one meal a day in the room. We also ordered room service while there and were pleased. There was a nice bistro by the hotel and we enjoyed sidewalk dining. The staff was great and patient with us working on our French. The area is a few blocks from downtown, but we rather enjoyed the solitude and felt like we saw more of the local flavor. Parking wasn't the most convenient, but I've seen worse in a large city. The front desk was great about arranging a local a couple of bus tours for us to Quebec City that far exceeded my expectations! For currency exchange, there's one around the corner from the hotel with the best rates we found in Quebec. Overall, for $40/night!, we were more than impressed with the hotel and our accommodations and would stay there again.	
Oct 20 2005	Extremely disappointing stay - not recommended	This is my first time I've felt compelled to give a &quot;terrible&quot; rating to a hotel, but I feel it's well deserved. Let's start at the beginning.A little haggard after a long journey, I went to check in. The front desk staff were busy talking to one another and even when they acknowledged me, they continued to talk to one another and do other things while checking me in. Quite rude (and the first time I've ever had his happen to me). They required a week's deposit (I was staying for 10 days), which is also unusual (I'm used to a week's pre-authorization, not a week's withdrawal).Then I went to park. The parking is located down a back alley with lots of graffiti, and I could understand if some people felt scared in that location. The parking lot itself consists of three floors underground, with only one lane throughout for both directions to share and sharp turns that often require a reversal for larger vehicles. As a driver, you’re constantly afraid you’ll encounter someone else not in a spot.After parking I went to my room – it was a smoking room. I had specifically asked for a non-smoking room due to my Asthma. The front desk told me no other rooms were available, but one magically appeared when I said I’d have to check out then.The room itself was laid out oddly – high fashion for the seventies I suppose. The kitchen was complete with stove (missing a knob for the oven), Fridge (with horrible smell in the freezer) and microwave. The bathtub didn’t drain. The bed was horribly uncomfortable – I like a firm mattress, but this mattress was hard and bumpy; it felt more like sleeping on a blanket placed on a rock. The chesterfield in the living room had broken springs that, while concealed behind the fabric, dug into you while seated.All of these issues were reported to the hotel (except for the bed, I figure they are probably all the same mattress [it seems new]) and the only things they successfully repaired were the tub (it now takes 10 minutes to drain) and the knob on the oven. They tried to fix the freezer but failed and didn’t even come back to check everything was OK.They did give a veneer of service and concern when issues were brought up, though overall their ability to fix them was poor. Sadly, this will have to be the first hotel I put on our company’s black list. I’m leaving tomorrow when a room at l’Appartement becomes available.There is a hot-tub, sauna and an exercise room with a universal gym (old) and a few aerobic machines. Certainly nothing to write home about.If you do choose to go here despite my warnings, I wish you luck.	
Oct 2 2005	Not great	Stayed here in September 2005. The price was fair and room was ok but there is only a double bed. If you stay here make sure you do not get a room overlooking the back alley. The noise begins at 6 am. Also make sure you have lots of time to check-in and out. It took me over 30 minutes to check in yet there were only 6 or 7 people ahead of me. It only took 15 minutes to check-out with no one in front of me. They constantly answer the phone when serving you. The hotel is within walking distance of down town.	
Sep 7 2005	Good value decent location	I stayed here for 3 nights with my boyfriend and it was really reasonable for the price. It's about a 15-20 minute walk to the main shopping area downtown. Restaurants and supermarkets are very close by and a great convenience with the small kitchen the rooms have, especially if you want to save money on meals! The elevators are slow, so I would suggest requesting a room on the third or fourth floor so you can take the stairs if you don't mind giving up the view. It's not amazing, but it's one of the best deals you'll find.	
Sep 2 2005	Did not like this hotel	Had booked 6 nights at this hotel. Could not find the parking garage so had to park on a side street and walk two blocks. Neighborhood is not the best and very run down! When I finally was able to book in, the gentleman behind the desk was very helpful. The parking garage is behind the hotel, down this garbage strewn alley and into this very small underground garage that only one car at a time can either go in or out of. Our &quot;junior suite&quot; on the 5th floor was small. Two double beds with worn material on the table chairs, carpet was looking pretty worn. Small kitchen area, but bathroom was nice. Our window overlooked the garbage strewn alley in the back. The worst part of this hotel was that when coming onto your floor, all you could smell was the meals that people were cooking in their rooms, and this night it smelled like fish was on the menu. The smell was very overpowering!! The air conditioner was very loud and when we were just falling asleep, it would bang and clamor on with such a loud noise that we jumped out of bed not knowing what all the commotion was! The next morning we checked out and went to another hotel in Old Montreal. The price of $124.00 canadian was not worth it. Spent the rest of our vacation (5 nights) in a beautiful hotel in Old Montreal for $20 more and it was a difference of night and day.	
Apr 29 2005	Great location - close to all shopping and the subway		
Feb 15 2005	not great!		
Jul 12 2004	good value acceptable hotel		
Jun 4 2004	Service was good but a lot left to be desired		
Apr 1 2004	Good rates okay location...		
Mar 7 2004	Excellent Hotel - Central Location		
Sep 3 2003	Not bad stayed at better		
Aug 25 2003	Problems but they were taken care of		
Jul 6 2003	July 2003		
May 5 2003	Great location great price		
Jun 28 2009 	il y a du bon et du moins bon...		
Feb 2 2009 	Un appartement au Centre-ville de Montréal		
Aug 28 2006 	Buon hotel		
