Oct 19 2009	Great hotel	This hotel is in a great location, right downtown Montreal. Rooms were clean, we were in 560, no view but who cares, my daughter and I were there for a weekend of shopping.Front staff let us check in early as our room was ready, thank-you Fernanda!!We also parked our car for 7 dollars a day just down the street at the Seminary. Thanks again front desk staff for this bit of information.One thing I need to add, I was having my coffee in the front lobby because my daughter wanted to sleep in a bit, and while there I witnessed a VERY RUDE female American guest treating the front desk staff badly. It was unnecessary, and she was clearly looking for a free breakfast. If these people have such high expectations when they travel, then stay home or go to a 500 dollar a night hotel room. The front desk staff don't need rude customers like you. Anyway, this place is great, and we will stay here again for sure.	
Oct 4 2009 	Love it!	We stayed 3 nights at Le Meridien and was everything we expected and more. The room was well appointed. Though small, it fit our needs. The location is couple blocks from metro and plenty of budget restaurants within 10-15 minutes of walking distance (along Rue St Catherine). The staff was very helpful in providing directions and places to eat. As for breakfast, we ate at Kummo couple times and found it a good value and it's on the way to metro. There is also couple workstations on the second floor where you can get free internet access.	
Oct 4 2009 	Excellent Service	We stayed for one night in Le Meridien Versailles. We arrived at check-in time and our room was not yet ready, so they told us they would give us an upgrade to an executive room. When we got there we saw it was quite aged and there was water in the carpet coming from the AC. They sent someone to check it up and he confirmed AC was broken. We were then quickly upgraded to a junior suite due to this. The room was in excellent condition though a bit aged too (I guess other reviews are right when they say the hotel is in need of renovation). Reception was very helpful providing addresses and free entrance tickets to a museum nearby. All the staff in this hotel is very helpful and attentive.	
Oct 1 2009 	Desperately needs a renovation!	The hotel is in a good location. That is all I can say that is positive about this hotel. The lobby is modern but dont let that fool you. The rooms are in desperate need of renovation. The last update was sometime in the late 80s and it looks like it -- the rooms show lots of wear and tear. I cant believe the LeMeridien brand would be associated with a hotel property in this unkempt state. I was thoroughly disappointed, especially since I'm a Starwood member. If you have to stay downtown, look elsewhere.	
Sep 12 2009 	Nice location but average hotel	The Le Meridien is a nice hotel in a good location. It's in the northern part of downtown Montreal, but is still within walking distance of the metro, Mont Royal, Museum of Fine Arts, the shopping and food on St Catherine St, and maybe 25 mins from Old Montreal. I booked after finding a great deal. The staff was friendly and helpful. I was upgraded as a SPG to a double/double. It was a nice room, clean and comfortable. While my stay was comfortable, there were downsides. While I was upgraded to a larger room than needed, it was a room that was showing its age. (Looking at some photos here, seems the suites and single queen rooms are nicer.) View was of the next building (brick wall). The room didn't get colder than 73 degrees. After the first night the AC didn't seem to be working so while I was out I had the hotel look at it. When I got back it was off so I started it and it seemed fine. A couple hours later I realized the problem: after running for a couple hours, frost was building up on the vents and blocking the air from coming out. The only way to stop this was to shut the unit off for an hour. I probably should have complained but I wasn't in the room during the day and since the window faced another building/brick wall, I didn't get to much sun anyhow. There is a restaurant, but if you walk to St. Catherine street 2 blocks away you'll find plenty of restaurants.For it's location and the price i found it at, it was a nice hotel.	
Aug 27 2009 	Great service and location	My husband and I stayed at the meridian for four nights at the end of August for a little getaway. I was very impressed with the service from the front desk staff. Anytime I asked them a question they went out of their way to get the information for me. We were always warmly greeted when we returned to the hotel lobby. The hotel was very clean and comfortable. It was within walking distance of shopping and restaurants and the metro was only a block away. I would definitely stay at the meridian again	
Aug 18 2009 	Good Value	The staff was friendly and helpful. The location is decent - within walking distance of anything downtown, old Montreal and Mont Royal. The rooms are on the small size, but comfortable and fine. I would have liked an iPod dock, but that's a little picky. It is very European, which fits in with a visit to Montreal. The gym isn't really anything - two stationary bikes and a treadmill. It's a nice hotel for the money.	
Aug 15 2009 	Le Meridien Postage Stamp	My son and I stayed for three nights at this hotel during the Rogers Cup tournament, a major international sporting event. The hotel staff was clueless about the event. When we called to inquire prior to booking about the distance from the hotel to the stadium, we were informed it was 15 minutes on the Metro with one change of lines. In reality it takes about 30-40 minutes and three different lines to get to the Uniprix stadium. The first time we went to the stadium the hotel staff sent us to the wrong metro stop, so it actually took us closer to an hour. As for the rooms itself, the room was spacious, but the bathroom was tiny and in need of work. In fact, the walk-in closet was larger than the bathroom, which seemed very odd. On a positive note, the air conditioning worked well and the beds were comfortable. The hotel lobby is very small and there is no doorman. When the cab pulled up from the airport, I thought we must be at the wrong place. We, too, had adventures with room service. First, it seems odd to only offer room service during hours when people can easily go out to eat. We wanted an early dinner one evening and found the hotel had difficulty accommodating that request. Our meal, though very good, took 45 minutes to get to us. Next morning's breakfast, by contrast, was more prompt, but food items were missing and some things weren't very good.There are lots of small little restaurants in the neighborhood and a Starbucks not too far away. There are also empty shopfronts and a slightly seedy feel.We stayed at the Meridien on Starwood points. I would have been extremely disappointed if we had actually paid cash for this hotel. Meridien is supposed to be a premier brand and this hotel is anything but.	
Aug 1 2009 	Nice Hotel but....	I have been in different Hotels like that, And this have a great location, near to everything,, i just want to say they are so slow with the room service, every day was the same thing, one day I received my Room service 1 hour and then minutes after!!! also the GYM is so small, they have only two machines and that´s it! the rest is everything Ok, the Front Desk is very friendly and the Housekeeping is nice too! the prices are like another EP hotels but still nice...	
Jul 13 2009 	Loved it!	My girlfriends and I arrived Friday evening. Check-in was a breeze. We stayed on the 8th floor in a room with 2 double beds. Staff were friendly and helpful. Hotel was clean, room was spacious, not that I matter since we spent every waking hour shopping on St. Catherine (2 streets south of the Hotel), dining and at night partying at KOKO Lounge (beside the Opus Hotel), Buona Notte and Globe. I loved the hotel! loved loved Montreal!!I should mention the hotel doesn't have a pool but Chateau Versailles is right across the street and we were told we could use their amenties.p.s. Holt Renfrew is less than 3 blocks	
Jul 13 2009 	Loved Le Meridien	Although our room was small, the bed was very comfy and I absolutely loved the location. At check-in she told me we'd been &quot;upgraded&quot; to a double/double. I told her that I didn't want 2 beds, so she relented and gave me what I booked which was a room with a queen. We had been at the Hyatt, but I much preferred the neighborhood of Le Meridien as well as it's boutique ambience. Neighborhood was quaint with brownstone, Victorian-type buildings (much like the upper East Side of NY). Our view was of a brick building next door so nothing spectacular , but we were only in the room to sleep. We ate breakfast around the corner at a small order-at-the-counter place (Kimmos) on our way to Guy-Concordia metro. So many restaurants to choose from within a 10 minute walk. When we arrived the front desk agent mentioned that we could get into several museums for free, so off we went to the Museum of Fine Arts which is a 5-10 minute walk; but she neglected to mention it is closed on Mondays. We used Starwood points + cash for our stay which, in my opinion, is a fantastic deal for this hotel.	
Jul 11 2009 	Adequate but disappointing	I hate to give a tepid review for this hotel, because the staff were nice, but overall I would have to say that of the 9 hotels in which we stayed during our Canadian road trip, this one was physically the most disappointing. I have read some of the other reviewers who received upgraded rooms who were happier than I was with the place. Well, I'm an SPG gold member who paid cash (not SPG points or Priceline or anything like that) for my room, and I received a regular room with no real view. I asked under my reservation comments to be far from the elevator, but I was put two doors away from the elevator.This is an older hotel which could perhaps be described as boutique. The rooms were smallish and drab. The bathroom was probably the smallest on our trip (the bedroom, too, come to think of it). The insulation wasn't the best--we did hear people going in and out of the elevator. There's no pool, and only a tiny gym. One nice aspect of the hotel is that they will direct you to private parking lot on a seminary which is 250 meters away, and I believe was only $7 a day (valet parking was quite a bit more expensive). I'm guessing it would be a tough walk many months of the year, but no big deal in June when we were there (one can drop off luggage first). The restaurant is overpriced, especially for breakfast, but again, there are good options within easy walking distance, including one half a block down the street on the way to the metro. The hotel's location isn't near much within walking distance except the fine arts museum or the metro--although, of course, the metro will take you where you want to go. It's on the edge between a middle-eastern neighborhood and a chic-er part of town.While I can't say I disliked my stay, I simply didn't feel I got my money's worth, especially as a loyal SPG customer. I felt as if I was paying 4* prices for barely a 3* room.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great Value! Great Perks! Great Stay!	I use to live in Montreal, and stayed at Le Meridien for 2 nights on a business trip in June 2009.If the entrance-lobby is rather small, it was nonetheless charming with it many pieces of art, and the staff greeted me with a smile and made my check-in both quick and effortless.To my surprise, the elevators (usually a dull experience) were quite original : interesting pictures, and a loungy music an lighting... Nothing extraordinary but a nice touch.I had booked a deluxe room, but was given a free upgrade to a corner room (they call it a Junior Suite), which was both spacious, clean, and had abundant natural lighting. The only drawback was the lack of a flat screen TV..Being a business traveler, I really did not have much time to plan my evenings and that is where I found the hotel was able to impress me. Indeed, they offered me all sorts of museum passes and cultural activities, and, even more surprisingly, they had already seen the exhibit and were able to give me a glimpse of what I should expect. Overall, if the hotel would be best served with a few renovations in respect to TVs and hallway wallpapers-carpet, my overall experience was great due to the comfort of the bed, and, more importantly the helpfulness of the staff, as well as the many perks they offered me. Oh, and they have an a wonderful restaurant (Bronte I believe) that is very pricy, but does deliver in term of food quality, ambiance, and service...	
Jun 25 2009 	Great stay at Le Meridien	I stayed one night at Le Meridien Versailles on Sherbrooke Street. The staff was very friendly and helpful. I was upgraded to a corner room which was larger than a normal room. Great whirlpool tub. I was given free internet access. Everything was perfectly clean. I was surprised to see that they haven't yet updated to flat screem tv's. The hotel is located close to restaurants on Crescent St. and is very close to a subway stop. I would stay here again.t	
Jun 22 2009 	Fantastic Staff; Great Location 	Stayed here for two nights in June. Great, cheerful staff; very enthusiastic and extremely helpful. As a Platinum, I was upgraded to a Jr Suite, which was bright and very spacious. Also given free continental breakfast and free internet...though I only paid $170CA/night, I considere this real value.The hallways are dim and narrow, the elevators small, old, slow and creaky, and the rooms themselves in dire need of updating...but yes, they were clean! The bathrooms feature marble vanities and old sinks and bathtubs, but everything worked, although they appeared tired. The drapes and carpet were relatively new, but the wallpaper and the furniture (especially the lamps and TV) are old and battered and really need to go! The TV had to be 10 years old...and old 27&quot; RCA with a remote that didn't control the volume, but for the price, these were nits. Had I complained, the staff would have taken care of it.Some have complained about the location (one reader even complained about the cold...as if that was the hotel's fault!) but in reality, the hotel is located on one of the classiest main streets in the city, and in one of the best neighborhoods...and it is very quiet. Walk to Crescent St. clubs and restaurants is only 5-10 minutes, and you are not hassled by street people. My only complaint was with the breakfast in the restaurant...a continental buffet for $14.95; eggs and bacon are $3 more. Pricing was fine, but he quality was a little substandard, and the restaurant itself is shopworn and a bit shabby...lots of fruit flies around the food on the morning of June 22, and the bacon was so burnt it was inedible; eggs were stiff, and the tables and floor felt a bit dirty. But where else in a major N American city can you eat for that liitle? The waitress: clueless and not very professional (very young) but pleasant nonetheless. Overall, a fair tradeoff.	
May 26 2009 	Average and overpriced	I always look at the reviews on Tripadvisor before I travel, so I wasnt shocked, the hotel descriptions saying its &quot;average and overpriced&quot; is pretty accurate. I stayed because I had two free nights in a jr suite, so I figured with the upgraded room and freebies I would be satisfied. There is literally no real hotel entrance, we almost missed it on the street, its just two doors with a picture on the doors and sign above, rarely was there a doorman outside during our three night stay, very random. the lobby was tidy and very small. The elevators reminded me of Europe, very small, they had these blue lights other people talked about, and mood music that always kept us guessing what we would hear next - a little odd. The hotel is in bad need of remodeling, everything looked worn and dim...not a bright hotel. The suite was decent, with windows all around the room which was really nice considering the lighting in the room was again very dim. Ample space in the suite to move around with a living space, a whirlpool tub with shower attachment...bathroom lighting was poor, the hairdryer in the bathroom didnt work and one of the overhead lights was out. i got a peek at a regular room, typical city sized hotel room, nothing special. Definitely not what you expect from the Le Meridien brand. I'm not sure if this is the case for all hotels in Montreal, but an inroom movie cost nearly 17 canadian dollars, and internet as well, which my husband had trouble using, but the staff kindly refunded the internet fee and was very friendly and tried to be helpful. It seemed to be clean, again just needs some updating and could be a lovely boutique hotel, but they should probably change the brand name and perhaps weigh the pricing vs other hotels of that calibur. Not noisy which was nice, location was decent, we got to Crescent St by foot in no time, downtown was very accessible, you have to cab or metro to the Olympic Park, biodome, botanical gardens. Old Montreal is a 45 minute walk if you don't mind, cost about 12 canadian to take a cab. I would not stay there again unless it was a free stay again in the jr suite, I wouldnt be interested in staying in the other rooms.	
May 21 2009 	Cute boutique type - great price and great location	First time at this hotel - I was pleased with the value offered. Large room, good bed, simple access (small hotel) - nice breakfast downstairs. Compared with other boutique hotels, this one is not as fancy, but is certainly much cheaper.	
Apr 13 2009	Will return!! Great location mostly great staff	Booked a weekend with a great deal found online. Located a quick block up from the Guy-Concordia Metro Stop made it very easy to get around the city. Also a short walk to all the restaurants and shopping on Saint Catherine. Valet/Bellman and Check in agent were fantastic, as were all other staff members we spoke with for directions, recommendations and other questions.... until check out. The agent was overly scripted and just kept talking going over charges and procedures, despite my ok'ing everything and wanting a quick departure. I had also started off my conversation with the fact that I needed my car pulled around from valet, which turns out she didn't acknowledge until after the end of my checkout. While she wasn't really problematic with me, I watched her botch 3 other checkouts after me. Room service breakfast was fantastic, and priced within a range I expected. The room had great linens, the bed was very mushy soft but we slept surprisingly well on it. Room was small as I expected it to be, but did have an armchair and desk/chair so we could spread out a little.Shower toiletries were fantastic! One of the only times I ever felt compelled to take them home with me. We'll definitely be back, as long as I can keep finding good discounts...	
Jan 19 2009 	Don't go there during the winter	This is not what I expected from a Merdien hotel. Pros: The service was good and the room was clean. However, the location of the hotel is terrible - it's too far away from everything else. There's not even a starbucks close by. It's about a 15-20 minute walk to St. Catherine, and another 10 probably to all the underground shopping centers. It might be fine in the summer, but last week was probably one of the coldest weeks, and there's no way you can walk outside for more than 5 minutes. I had to take a cab basically everywhere I go. I was there for some personal matters, so I planned to log onto work the rest of the time. I stayed at the hotel for 3 nights, and because the location was so inconvenient, I decided to get room service for dinner. The choice on the room service menu was absolutely disappointing, and the food was not good at all. I was supposed to stay another night, but couid not stand the lack of food in and around the hotel and so decided to move to another hotel.So if it's the summer, I'd say on the borderline I might come back because I can use &quot;cash and points&quot; from starwood which makes it $45 per night. But no way I will come back if I'm on a real vacation.	
Oct 19 2008 	Good place to stay	I stayed at Le Meridien in Montreal in October on a business trip. Check in was fast and efficient and my deposit was correctly applied. I was given a corner room that was large, light and airy.Breakfast was excellent with fresh fruit, pastries and cereal each morning. Breakfast was not included and at CAD 275 a night, I think it should have been. Internet access is also not free but at CAD 16 for a 24 hour period it is livable with.Le Meridien is about a 20 minute walk from the downtown area (where my client was), but the walk was a nice way to start the day on a morning.Overall a comfortable hotel - please think about including breakfast and internet in the rates though.Michael	
Jul 30 2008	Well ran Montreal hotel	This was probably the best overall hotel experience we had during a week long trip across Quebec. We didn't interact too much with this staff except for check-in and figuring out our parking situation when we arrived. The woman at the desk was incredibly helpful and polite and the bell staff were very willing to help as well. The lobby is very small but we never had an issue with that. The room itself was a bit on the small side too but it was nice. It was standard hotel decor but I liked the feel of the place with the whites and greys more than the usual cream/orange/red color scheme you see so often. The bed was incredibly comfortable! The bathroom was pretty small and there were signs of aging but it was not dirty. The one thing I can say is that the internet was not free, which is just silly in this day and age. We did go to the computer on the 2nd floor which worked out well. The location is a bit out of the way from the center of town, but there are certainly restaurants, cafes, and bars close by. Overall, a great experience!	
Jul 28 2008 	Enjoyed the stay	We booked in for two nights at Le Meridien and was very happy with the accomodations. Our room had a wonderful view and provided a lot of light for the room. Friends who stayed in the hotel as well unfortunately looked out at brick wall. The room was nicely decorated and the bed was super comfortable. There was a great seating area and a &quot;walk-in&quot; closet which is great to keep luggage and purchases out of the way.The staff were friendly and helpful and made checking and out a breeze. One small thing is the thin walls. We could hear the person next to us hanging items up in their closet. So be prepared to hear your neighbours.	
Jul 27 2008	Nice Hotel Friendly Staff Highly Recommended	My husband and I stayed at Le Meridien. It is very close to Crescent street where all the bars and restaurants are. The staff was friendly and was very helpful. Overall the service was superb. We stayed in their delux room for 4 days - Very clean. The location is perfect if you want to dine and wine at some amazing restaurants. Even the popular tourist spots like The Casino, Botanical Garden, Mont Royal, etc. are within 3 miles distance. Old Montreal is not so far. We enjoyed dining at Seven (great collection of wines). Devi, Le Taj has good Indian food. Paris Crepe has amazing crepes. Make sure you have breakfast at Eggspectations:)One thing to keep in mind is if you are driving to Montreal parking is super expensive. The hotel charges $25/day (unlimited in/out valet service). In addition street parking is $3/hr. The subway cost $2.75/per person a ride.We definately had fun and can't wait to go back for some more Food. Have Fun	
Jul 6 2008 	Very satisfied with the hotel very good value!	I booked this hotel because I was a member of their hotel group but I will have to say for the price I got $148US it was a great bargain. It was farther from Old Montreal but there were a number of streets that were packed with restaurants and shops. We were only 3 stops from the underground shopping and the Metro was a piece of cake to use! I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Considering you only use the hotel to sleep it's a great location. There is a great bakery 2 blocks up that has the greatest pastry and coffee!	
May 27 2008 	Fine Hotel	Stayed at the Le Meridien for a weekend in May. The hotel was fine. I don't have any complaints, but at the same time, there was nothing special about the hotel either. The bed was comfortable, the room was clean, and the staff was very friendly, but the room and bathroom could also stand for a little updating. The location was fine for our purposes, but it may be a little far from some of the downtown areas depending on what you're planning on doing. At the end of the day, I would stay at a different hotel next time just to try something different. If the price was right though, I would have no problem staying here again. Overall, I would give it 3.5 stars. Since that isn't an option though, I'm going with 3 rather than 4.	
May 17 2008 	Expected more for Le Meridien	I stayed here with my hubby for one night while in Montreal and was planning to stay additional nights at a latter part of our trip. We decided to only stay one night and the rest of the time at W Montreal. Upon check in, the staff was very friendly. I am a member of the SPG reward program and was using cash and points and was told that I could upgrade to a room with jacuzzi for $40 more, so I said fine. The staff was very nice and accomodating. When we got to our room, the jacuzzi didnt work, so we switched to a different room. Both of the rooms had view of Rue Sherbrook which was nice. The room in general was a good size with good view. The beddings were also nice. However, the bathroom was really old and needs update. It was also very small that two people can barely fit in there. The caulk around the bathtub was falling apart and the bathroom looks like it was done in the early 80's. On the other hand, the location was very convenient, within walking distance to everything. Overall, I thought Le Meridien was better than the Westin, however it wasnt what I had expected. If I had to pay out of my pocket, I am only willing to pay up to $150 for the room, and not $300 that would have cost.	
Apr 8 2008	Le Meridien for sure	I'm biased but i like the fact that it's just down the street from the world's best museum, the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and that this used to be a condo. also, i like that they upgrade me, but that said, breakfast is amazing, although the menu at dinner is a little extreme with veal and venison. I think the staff is generally good and the location, while a bit closer to the airport than most, makes it easy enough to get around. Can't imagine going back to Bonaventure Hilton, the Four Points or the Radisson after this. when i said how much i liked the eggs, the chef offered to send me some in a FedEx envelope, they could teach Le Meridien San Francisco a thing or two. All in all, this is the best in Montreal.	
Mar 12 2008 	Great location/room in Downtown Montreal (didn't need a car!)	Super convenient to get to from Montreal Airport: take the L'Aerobus, let them know when you board you're headed to the &quot;Chateau Versaille hotel&quot; (directly across the street b/c Le Meridien is not a designated dropoff/pickup location). Once you get to central bus station, hop on the free transfer &amp; they'll drop you off across the street from Le Meridien. All that for CD$28 roundtrip :)Front desk staff @ Le Meridien was wonderful, we got to check-in early (since we flew red eye) &amp; got an upgraded corner Jr. suite w/ a jacuzzi tub!The hotel is about 3 blocks from the Fine Arts Museum. Great places to eat &amp; walkable w/n 1-2 blocks include: Premiere Moisson (bakery/cafe) for breakfast, Chateau Kabob for lunch, &amp; Au Bistro Gourmet for a wonderful dinner. We got food from the bakery every morning &amp; wished we had more time to re-visit the other two.Didn't need a car. Metro entrance on Guy Concordia is w/n 2 blocks. We had no problems getting to Old Town Montreal or the Underground Shopping area.	
Jan 25 2008 	Très Magnifique !	We reviewed many, many hotels, looking at pricing, photos and reviews (from Trip Advisor) several months before booking this hotel. We could not have been more delighted with this choice! We stayed here 8 days and came into contact with much of the staff who worked there. Everyone was extremely pleasant and helpful (and my French is far from being the best).The hotels itself was not large in size, but had everything that we required--a workout room, restaurant, room service.Location was also perfect. A five minute walk, at most, to the Metro. Safe and upscale area on Rue Sherbrooke O.I welcome any questions you might have on Montreal or the Le Meridien if you are planning a trip. Merci beaucoup!!	
Jan 6 2008 	Excellent alternate choice to the Sheraton Montreal	The reviews here on the Meridien Montreal was not too exciting to be honest but we were a bit disappointed with the Sheraton so-so room and service so we wanted to check out the Meridien.The Meridien is one subway station from where the Sheraton was at Guy-Concordia. Taking the Saint-Mathieu exit and walking 2 short blocks up to the Sherbooke street and the Meridien is right at the corner to welcome you.The lobby is small but tastefully decorated akind to a W but with less hip and flair. Our check-in was quick and my request for a king bed was replied with a quick ackowledgement that we have been upgraded to a Junior Suite. A quick ride on the tight elevator and we arrived in our room. The check-in agent was right, this room is quite nice. The room is in a dark slate color that is the hip color of the day. It makes to room feels cozy and fresh despite the large room dimension. Windows abounds in this corner room and daylights easily fills the room at any time. From the looks of things, the carpet and the furnitures the room just have been refurbished. The room is tastefully decorated to be a up-to-date European styling. The king bed has 2 of the most thick and soft duvet pillows that I have experienced lately. The bed cover and blanket is also in full duvet and makes for wonderful night sleep. There is a comfy sofa chair and coffee table for a good reading place. The workdesk is tucked quietly into one corner of the room. Rounding out the rest of the suite is a TV/drawer combo which the old TV is the weak point of this room.The closet is roomy with a minisafe and the usual board and electric iron. There is a mini-sink right next to the minibar and cupboards are abound here but unfortunately no microwave oven or any utensiles.The bathroom is a good roomy size with its own thermostat which is a great things since the having a cold bathroom in the winter is no fun thing. There are not much to fault the bathroom except of the crack mark in the sink and the not so clean jet water cover. Did I mention that the bathtub is a roomy jacuzzi? The bath amenities are CrabTree &amp; Evelyn, the same line that Hilton uses except that these are aloe vera based products.The Bronte reataurant downstair is one of the good restaurant in Montreal but unfortunately for us it was closed to the public as the chef is on vacation. We did have our breakfast there and although there are good choices for the continental breakfast: cheses, fruits, cereal and some cold cuts (salami, smoke salmons and quiche), they were not too exciting. We were not sure if the quality is due to the fact that the restaurant is closed to the public or not.The staff is wonderful and service is always very friendly and personal. Due to its boutique style, we always get welcome smile and words everytime we were downstair. The restaurant service is also excellent and friendly.The location of the Meridien while not as central as the Sheraton, it is just blocks away from good and decent price restaurants. The subway station itsself habors some homeless but inoffensive citizens. We were at no time feels threaten.The Meridien is a better choice than the Sheraton unless you have to stay a bit closer to downtown core. And the Meridien is usually cheaper too.	
Dec 2 2007 	Another Pleasant Stay	Our daughter is a student and her apt. is down the hill on St. Marc (also, we get a good rate through the University) so whenever we visit her we stay at the Meridien. We have always been pleased.The staff is friendly and helpful, always polite. The lobby is small and uncomfortable but there is usually no reason for us to spend much time there.We generally have stayed in the standard room - queen bed, a club chair and desk &amp; chair--coffee pot on the window ledge--not much room. Dark decor - very comfortable bed - nice white down comforter. Our last trip the room had 2 double beds, 2 club chairs w/ small table, desk &amp; chair - much roomier and bright decor.Bathrooms are very small - clean - sufficient counter space for toiletries. No exhaust fan.I suggest you request a view of Sherbrooke, otherwise you will be facing another building.Valet parking is outdoor parking; not a garage. Rather expensive for outdoors. After checking out we have been allowed to leave our luggage at the front desk and leave the car for several hours.We've never eaten on the premises, nor used the fitness area, so can't comment on that. We have used the business center but it is across Sherbrooke in the Chateau Versailles.For our needs, the Meridien has been perfect. However, we have also stayed at Square Phillips. I believe that without the discounted University rate the two hotels are comparably priced. No hesitation - we'd take Square Phillips.	
Sep 20 2007	Pass this one up	I usually stay at the Fairmont in Montreal but got a room here for 2 nights when everything else downtown was booked - at a very pricey $240/night.Night one on the 14th Floor - realized this is right under the airconditioner on the roof - it was grinding and roaring all night so I got little sleep. My earplugs did not help since the noise was low frequency. I asked to change but all other rooms were full. The toilet was running loudly as well and the stopper in the bath did not seal. A really bad night!Got a change to the 12th for the second night. The desk assumed I was complaining about elevator noise, which seems to be a standard problem with the rooms beside the elevatorThis room was quiet, had a nice mountain view, the bed was comfortable and the room had a nice quiet decor at first glance. But again an ugly, dingy bathroom - the toilet rocked back and forth, there was black mold around the tub caulking, and there seemed to be no effective bathroom ventilation - steam and smells just stayed there. When turning on the tub faucet, the shower came on and couldn't be switched off - so I had to shower instead of bathing. I squashed a couple of silverfish on the bath floor - I am not too squeamish about this but it will put a lot of people off.The carpet at the entrance was quite stained and dirty.Not my nicest hotel experience but I did get a good night's sleep one night. The hotel is very close to a convenience store and restaurants with different price levels. The staff seemed just fine here.	
Aug 28 2007	Don't stay there	I've just returned from Le Meridien Versailles after having spent two nights there. I simply didn't like it. The room was dusty and outdated despite being in the executive floor!. The bed was bad, with no chances of having a nice rest and the bathroom was small and smelly. They do have a business centre but it's located in another hotel across the street. This made the whole thing weird and annoying, as each time demanded a new explanatin to the receptionist concerning the use of a business centre of a hotel in which you are not registered.The staff was not very polite or helpful. With some exceptions, they couldn't care less about their guests.For a Le Meridien, and for the price of a Le Meridien... unacceptable!Don't go there.	
Aug 4 2007 	Nice Hotel Friendly Service	We are very experienced travellers and have stayed at numerous luxury resorts and high end hotels, as well as endured some no-star motor lodges along our travels. We like to travel and try to stay in 5 star accommodations at 3 star prices, just like the rest of you!We booked this hotel through our Starwoods points program so we stayed for free for 5 nights. Accordingly, keep in mind that had we paid full dollar for our accommodations, perhaps we may have been a bit more nitpicky. Overall, we think this hotel is a nice pick for Montreal and serves as a nice home away from home.The hotel is on the west edge of downtown, within easy walking distance to the Museum of Fine Arts and shopping on St. Catherine Street. The Metro Station is one block away as well as a convenience store for snacks. Not walking distance to the Old Port district (at least for average travellers like us....and we actually enjoy walking), but the Metro makes it relatively easy to get around anywhere in Montreal.Definitely not quite a high end full service hotel, but is more like a upper-middle end boutique. Do not expect a high end, luxury hotel. There is limited room service during the operating hours of the attached restaurant (Bronte), no pool, limited gym facilities. The buildling seems quite old and the decor needs updating, but is decorated in a tastefully traditional way. The elevators are very small and a bit slow, but adequate.What the hotel may have lacked in updated luxury, however, it more than made up for with great service. We were greeted very nicely upon every morning departure, provided with friendly sightseeing advice when we asked for some, and were given prompt attention when we needed anything.With our points, we were able to book a top floor Executive Junior Suite overlooking Sherbrooke and St. Matthieu, continental breakfast included (fresh fruits, juices, coffee, tea, breads, croissants, cheeses, cold cuts, cold cereals, yogurt, egg casserole, and even smoked salmon a few mornings). I believe the cost would have been around $279 per night, which we would have considered a bit expensive for this hotel, but not out of line. For comparison purposes, we also spent 3 nights in Old Quebec City at the Auberge St. Antoine for $299 per night (a true boutique gem if you plan to stay in Old Quebec City) and the Le Meridien really pales in comparison. Interestingly, the Le Meridien Versailles actually made the cover of the periodical Resorts &amp; Great Hotels...a distinction the hotel does not want lost on the guests.....since a copy of the magazine is prominently placed on the desk of your room.In sum, this is a nice hotel that is adequate in every respect. We would return and stay there again. Hope you found this review helpful. Bon voyage!	
Jul 27 2007 	Basic	This hotel is in a great location in the Downtown area right on one of the main streets and easy walking distance to all places, especially bars and restaurants.If you are driving the hotel only offers valet service for parking $23 a day but you are able to bring the car in and out and not pay extra. You just have to give the front desk 5 - 7 mins advance notice when you want the car. The only other alternative we could see was an outdoor carpark where it is $8 for 24 hours but every time you bring the car in and out you have to pay the $8 again.The hotel does have narrow corridors and doesn't seem the normal hotel layout. It does have an antique decor style, not a modern miminal one, but it looks fine. The room we got seemed to be on a smoking floor and the room did have the faint smell of smoke like smoking rooms have although we did ask for a non smoking room, but we quickly got used to it and didn't bother trying to change.The room was smallish but had what you needed, very comfortable bed, desk, tv and adequate bathroom. We were on the 9th floor and our view was just of the street. We didn't hear any noise from the street or other rooms which was great. You also get a mini bar and snack tray and the prices seem reasonable enough for the liquor. You also get a free news paper in the morningsWe didn't have breakfast included in our rate so never tried it, plus the time we decided to maybe eat in the restaurant it seemed closed so never tried it. But there are lots of wee cafe and good restaurants closeby.The gym is on the 4th floor and seems to be a room fitted out with a few cardio machines and weights, it functional for what you need. They do advertise as having a 24 hour unisex sauna but when we asked it is in the Chateaux Versaille across the road.All in all I've stayed in fancier 4 star hotels, but this one had everything you need and I had no complaints through my stay. The staff were very friendly and helpful	
Jul 13 2007 	Okay - run of the mill	Booked at the Le Meridien Versailles June 29th - July 2nd with our starwood rewards. That experience was a nightmare in it self.We arrived at 11am to ckeck-in. We were given a room on the 14th floor. There is a restaurant attached to the hotel that offers breakfast for the guests in the upper floors, we however, were not allowed this perk becuase we were paying with our starwood rewards instead of cash. Even though our confirmation had it written we were denied. The clerk at the desk said that she would look in to it and we never heard from the front deak again. After getting our keycards I walked in on a man in his underwear shaving in the bathroom and his wife in her nightgown staring at me. I was so shocked! Went back downstairs and explained the situation to the front desk who told me that it would be 10-15 mins for a new room. LIterally one hour later I went to up the 12th floor to room 1258. I had to give an extra 1000 points to stay in this upgraded room. Our friends were on the 11th floor in room 1158 right below us. The only difference between our two rooms was that ours had crown moulding and was decorated in beige and theirs was decorated in grey/charcoal. As an interior designer myself I was shocked to find out that when I called to inquire as to why I had paid more then my friends I was told it was because of the decor! Shocking! I should mention that we had to use our room key in the elevator because we were on a high security level. In the eveinings we could use the stairs to get our friends floor and go up and down that way instead of the elevator. That is the security I paid extra for, yeah, okay. Also, the secutiry guard was seated in one of the two chairs in the lobby everytime we say him. Speaking of lobby, there isn't one. The narrow hallway outside the elevators is ackward and tight especailly in the morning when people are trying to get out and others are trying to check -inThis hotel is nice but is not what I would have expected for Le Meridien I would rate this hotel a 3 star. I would recommend it if you are wanting to stay close to Mont Royal. For us, I found the hotel out of the way. To get to Old Montreal was a 40 - 45 min walk, It was walking distance to everything if you are able and it is downhill on the way to downtown and old Montreal but uphill on the way ome after a long day of walking. For our trip, first time going to Montreal and wanted to see everything it had to offer, including the jazz festival, I would have reatherd stayed at the Fairmount. It was centrally located to everything. In addition, it has a shuttel every hour to the casino.	
Jul 8 2007 	This is not a Le Meridien class hotel	Hard to believe that this is in the same group as the King Eddie in Toronto....Very small rooms, unusual layout of the hotel. Not a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel as some have said and certainly not in the class of a W as one person commented. Some one commented on the the Ritz down the street, I could of gotten a better rate there and wish I had. Got sucked in by the Le Meridien name...Nothing really bad about it but certainly nothing special. If you geta steal of deal, go for it otherwise there are much better places in the area	
Jul 4 2007 	Montreal is a grotty city but this is a great hotel	Montreal is a grotty city but this is a great hotelI have to say I found Montreal seedy and dirty but the Hotel Meridien Versailles was wonderful. We had a lovely large room with a small kitchen area, unfortunately no utensils or pots and pans apart from a coffee machine which took about a hour to get lukewarm. Take your own kettle and some plastic plates and knives and forks as we did, so we could make breakfast and supper by buying things in the local grocery stores including a 24 hour one which was very useful. The hotel does have an excellent restaurant which has an internationally well known chef, but it was quite expensive and there are lots of cheaper places all around the hotelThe room was a wonderful oasis to return to after long days on a coach. We stayed for 3 nights and could have stayed longer. Had a meal in Chinatown which was excellent and very cheap. Montreal’s China town is not large but we really enjoyed eating with the local Chinese families. The open topped tour bus was interesting but Montreal held no charms for me apart from the cheap meals at the Pizzeria Angela round the corner from the Hotel. The meal of the day was very good value. You must tip 15-20% for everything in Canada as it makes up part of workers wages. And sometimes 2 lots of taxes are added to everything which makes working out what things actually cost very difficult at times. One family on our tour in a restaurant tried to leave a small tip and the waitress was incensed and demanded her 20% but as this was probably only about £3 for a family of 4 adults I could not see what the English family’s problem was. There are some people who throw down a few pennies tip in England which obviously the waitress found insulting. Our guide had told us how to work out the tips so they must not have realised.However we visited Quebec from Montreal which I absolutely adored. It was very French and felt a bit like being the in the Loire Valley in France. But here the Chateaux were hotels. Quebec has lots to see and do and we would return here anytime. The day was far too short to appreciate this wonderful city. On the way back to the airport we made 2 short stops one to take the 1000 islands hour long cruise on the St Lawrence seaway which was really interesting and scenic except for the rain and the other at Kingston Ontario, which was the old capital of Canada. We did not have enough time to explore but had a tasty meal of great fish and chips !! and sat in the sunshine.The distances between cities on a coach tour is very long and tiring and if I was doing it again I would take the train between them, but we did see so much in a week that we might return another time to take our time and savour the different places.I have prepared a slide show of our week long trip which I can email in a few seconds if anyone is interested.	
Jun 13 2007 	First time staying at Le Meridien	My wife and I were recently in Montreal for the Canadian Grand Prix. Hotels are tough to find during such events as everything gets sold out very quickly. We were lucky enough to find a room at Le Meridien Versailles. We usually stay at the Delta Centre but we opted to go it alone rather than book the trip via the usual grand prix tour operator to save money.LMV is a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel. Since we never stayed at such a hotel before this was a new experience for us. The hotel is very small...small rooms, narrow corridors, small lobby, small bathrooms. So, we level set our expectations given the weekend and what we're paying. The hotel does need to be spruced up a bit and the furniture is looking a little dated. Conversely, we found the staff to be wonderful, helpful and pleasant. The hotel restaurant (Bronte) gets rave reviews...unfortunately they were booked solid so we never got a chance to have dinner there. We did have breakfast (complimentary) there 3 times. Very limited buffet selection and average at best. I don't think they focus on breakfasts too much. The breakfast staff seemed disjointed and unsure of what to do next.The hotel is very conveniently located and within walking distance of all the major sites and the metro.All in all it was a better than average total experience. Would LMV be on our short list for future visits to Montreal? Probably not as there many other fine hotels to choose from. Still, we had a wonderful weekend and that's the bottom line.	
Oct 20 2006 	Unusual Hotel - Helpful Staff	This was a curious hotel. Looking for the hotel, you expect to see a large downtown hotel with all the trimmings, then discover that it is tucked on a corner without a real entrance. More like a European hotel where the hotel fronts right onto the street.The lobby is cramped and the layout of the floors is unusual. However, that resulted in one of the great suites of our trip. Not sure if all the corners are the same, but if you ask to book two corner rooms, there is a separate door to the hall which can be closed to convert the rooms into a larger 2 bedroom suite (one large and comfortable with 2 sides of windows and the second bedroom quite small). That worked perfectly for ourselves with 3 teenagers.The staff was very helpful and were the ones who came up with the ad hoc suite suggestion. They also recommended a very fine restaurant.I recommend the hotel on the proviso that you know you're not getting a 4 or 5 star Meridien.	
Sep 25 2006	Boutique hotel? Where?	First of all, let me say I enjoyed my stay here.That said, the main issue is that this hotel is in a building design for apartments, not specifically for a hotel. At least it looks that way. Therefore, the tiny reception, the tiny elevator, the tiny hallways and the crowded rooms. But once you accept the fact that you are in a apartment building, it doesn't feel so strange. It actually feels cozy.But one thing has to be clear: this is not a boutique hotel. I don't know why some reviewers were expecting this, but this is definetely not the case.Staff was average to good, and the room was very comfortable. Only issue I had was with the valet that took almost an hour to get my car out of the street (I could see it from my window) for no apparent reason. Luckily, I didn't get a ticket.I'll probably not stay there again, but I wouldn't rule it out of my choices.	
Aug 27 2006 	Luxurious Boutique-Style Hotel in the Heart of Downtown Montreal	This is THE place to stay in Montreal (unless you have the money to throw at the Ritz Carlton a block or so away). The Le Meridien is on Sherbroke Street, a main thoroughfare that runs East/ West through Montreal. We stayed for 7 nights as part of an extended 3 week holiday touring Eastern Canada (Check out our reviews of the Metroplolitan Hotel Toronto; Gananoque Inn in the Thousand Islands area and The Sheraton Fallsview, Niagara). If driving just take Route 20 to the heart of downtown and turn-off at the &quot;Guy Street&quot; exit. That takes you to Sherbroke street. Park at the front of the Hotel and a valet-only parking service whisks your car away and looks after your bags while you check-in. (Valet Parking is canadian $21 per day) . We got a Deluxe Room which was palatial in size. A huge walk-in dressing room, fluffy bathrobes, kitchenette, mini-bar, two digital in-room safes, nice bathroom with quality toiletries and two good size beds, TV games (which our 11 year old loves) and excellent furnishings and housekeeping. This is a boutique hotel which prides itself on service. No more than 8 rooms to a floor and a high staff / guest ratio. Staff are multi-lingual. You're on the best part of Sherbroke Street with only up-market hotels, antique shops and museums as neighbours. Very swanky and safe. There's a Metro-station just behind the hotel to get around and a bus stops just outside. Gray-line tours can be booked with the concierge if you fancy some more organised sightseeing. If you walk down-hill behind the hotel, turning to your right as you exit the lobby, you come to a great Italian Tratorria (La Pizzerala). Great staff and atmosphere. Continue down to St Catherine Street (one block further downhill) and make a left. You're now in the main shopping street. A few blocks along brings you to Crescent Street with a Hard Rock Cafe, lots of Bistros and Bars. A &quot;Mikes&quot; Restaurant (on St Catherine's just after Crescent Street) serves great Breakfasts and snacks. There are two convenience stores around the corner from the hotel selling beers, wines, soft drinks etc - so you don't have to use the slightly pricey mini-bars in your room. We used Montreal as a base to explore Quebec City (by VIA rail from the central station - but book your tickets in advance by internet). We went &quot;Comfort Class&quot; which was very luxurious. The train journey takes about 3 hours. Ottawa is a day trip by car or train (about 2 hours journey). When in Montreal dont miss the Biodome / Insectarium / Botanical Gardens. You can get a single ticket for all three of these attractions which nestle in the shadow of the 1976 Olympic Stadium, they're an easy drive along Sherbroke Street in your hire car or take either the Metro or Bus. You must also visit the old town (Vieux Montreal) and see the amazing Notre Dame Cathedral and the quaint streets of the area. China Town is also nearby for a great buffet lunch costing less than $8 per head ! In all - a remarkably well equipped luxury hotel with high standards of service and well placed for all major sights.	
Aug 18 2006 	Level Your Expectations	This is a boutique hotel in a very good downtown location. I arrived with great expectations because of impressive pictures I had seen of other Le Meridien hotels, but I was immediately disappointed. When we got off the elevator to our floor, we were struck by the cold, dark passageway. Our room was average size but the bathroom was tiny. Overall, the room decor left much to be desired, especially for a hotel marketed as a four-star and on some websites, it's even listed surprisingly as five-star. It's definitely not the latter. Though clean and spacious, a room with frayed bedspreads, not-so-clean carpets, and limited sunlight was not very inviting. It was definitely OK for the rate we got, but I don't think we'll stay here again.	
May 26 2006 	Decent hotel for Montreal	I stayed here for 1 night. The location is fine since it's on Sherbrooke and a few blocks away from St Catherine's. It's about 2-3 blocks away from the metro station. It is a smallish boutique hotel. I received a smaller Queen room on the Exec floor. As a Plat, I should have gotten a better upgrade but I'll accept it since I know the hotel was sold out for the time I was here. The room has been renovated and reminds me of a W hotel. However, you can tell it's age since not everything is renovated, most notably the bathroom. The bathroom toiletries were from Crabtree &amp; Evelyn and were pretty good. The a/c unit is the older type that is against the window but worked well enough. The bed is not a Heavenly bed and was a little softer than I expected. But, quite decent and was able to sleep well. Surprisingly, the alarm clock was glued to the end table and I couldn't move it. Was there a lot of theft in the past? The desk provided was an average size. The biggest gripe is that they only offer wireless highspeed internet and I had to go across the street to the sister hotel to get internet access.The service encountered was top notch. The wait staff in the restaurant (Bronte) was excellent. As a Plat, I was told I was entitled to a free breakfast. When I got there and sat down with my food, I was told I was entitled to a continental breakfast only and had to pay an upcharge for the hot buffet. It was only $4 so I considered it reasonable but thought the check-in staff should have been more specific. I have no idea how the dinner is but the prices looked reasonable.	
May 4 2006	Excellent boutique hotel	Stayed in Montreal end of Nov 2005 for the U2 concert, cold and snowy but a warm and friendly hotel. Small foyer bar etc but nice well proportioned rooms with all usual mod cons.Booked it last minute so was delighted with price. A mere 500yrds from the bustle of downtown Montreal and McGill Uni. A great place to visit any time of year. Would definetely stay there again	
Feb 7 2006	Very Accomodating	We needed a suite with adjoining room for elderly father-in-law and this hotel was the only hotel in Montreal who could accomodate. Very, very nice rooms. Spacious with great view of Mont Blanc. Very accomodating staff. Nice hotel.	
Nov 14 2005	Ok Hotel. Not a real Le Meridien	As people have stated, this is a recent conversion property. The elevator is small but typical of an old boutique hotel, which is fine. But it needs to be renovated. The rooms are small, I stayed in an executive room although I booked a small suite, and it was nice except for the bathroom. The bathroom needs to be renovated. I accept the fact that everything is smaller since this is an old boutique hotel, but the bathrooms need some serious work for a luxury hotel.	
Oct 31 2005	Nice enough	We stayed here for 2 nights in October 2005.It is well located for bars, shopping and parks but a bit of a way from the old town.The room was spacious and comfortable although there was some noise from the elevator located next to the room.	
Apr 29 2005	Good not great	It really should be 3.5 stars but I'll give them 4. I got a decent rate on a &quot;jacuzzi suite&quot;. First, the jacuzzi is just a couple of jets in the bathtub but it fills quickly and with very hot water. Bathroom is not big but nice with marble everywhere. Suite just means a larger room with a small sitting area on one end, I've been in larger &quot;non-suites&quot;. I guess it's the whole European boutique thing where smaller is better, that's seems to be the whole feel throughout the hotel. The lobby is small, the gym is small, the elevators are small, etc. If you are claustrophobic, look elsewhere. I also stayed in a regular room over New Years, same deal but not as nice in the service dept. The staff is friendly and helpful for the most part. Location is good, just far enough away to be quiet but not too far to walk to everything (unless it's 35F and raining, then it seems like it's miles away!). Bottom line, if you get a great rate, stay here, if you can find something cheaper, stay there!	
Feb 17 2005	Comme Ci...Comme Ca	Just came back from a one night stay at this hotel in downtown Montreal. Let me start by saying that this is a recent purchased hotel that used to be a small independent. If you are expecting the usually Le Meridien level of quality - beware - it is not of that calibre. It is a very standard clean enough 3 star hotel. The staff are very polite and friendly, and will help you in English or in French. The rooms are actually slightly larger than the normal hotel room. They are slightly dated but nevertheless are kept up pretty good. The hotel offers found what they call &quot;high speed&quot; wireless internet. The internet speed is SLOW. I also checked with my colleague in another room and he found it so slow that he asked for his money back after 5 minutes of frustration. The bathrooms are poorly lit with only one tiny little soap in the bathroom. Hallways are tiny and rather cramped. If you can get a great rate at this hotel and you are not a business traveller, you may find this okay. Otherwise, I think I might want to look around.	
Dec 25 2004	Surprisingly very nice and cozy!	I usually stay elsewhere during my somewhat frequent trips to Montreal. As this was a last-minute trip, I figured that I would try the Meridien Versailles. Very nice. Good location, on Sherbrooke, just west of St. Mathieu. Much quieter than staying right near Ste. Catherine.Good room rate of C$129...the room was small, but modern. Great water pressure and really hot water. Service was excellent.Their restaurant, Bronte, is Montreal's top new restaurant.Worth a stay....	
Oct 28 2004	Very happy	We stayed at the Meridien last August for a (very, very) good promotional rate. Maybe it was because of what we paid, but my expectations were completely surpassed.The room was spin-n-span clean, well appointed, with many nice touches found only in the nicest of hotels. The room was very quiet and I could not really ask for anything more.The staff was nothing short of wonderful. We were not demanding but were entirely accomodated, even if it was for only one night. Valet parking was great; I was not put off by the 10 minute wait. We were even told of this and were able to plan accordingly.Indeed, you are in the Golden Mile area, and the nighborhood west of Guy St. is nothing great, in my opinion. But the museum is there and there's a metro stop down the street which will whisk you anywhere you desire. And if you like the Crescent St. scene, I can't imagine that a 5-10 min walk is all that bad. The St. Catherine shopping area can't be more than 15 minutes away on foot, if that's your thing. On the plus side, you can find a stairway within a few minutes of walking that will take you to Mt Royal.In conclusion, I wanted to provide you all with my extremely positive experience at the Meridien. As long as I can stay for a reasonable rate, which happened to be better than any other hotel I researched, I will stay at this property without any hesitations.	
Sep 17 2004	Cannot recommend	The location and the Le Meridien name tempted us to stay here in August along with some of the comments on tripadvisor about the hotel and its sister hotel Chauteau Versailles accross the street. After receiving verbal confirmation that we would be staying in a non-smoking twin room we arrived to find that they had only a queen room left. We told reception of our room choice having been confirmed just a few days prior and then were given the only other room available -a king smoking room. Although nicely appointed, the stench in the room was not to be believed - even the housekeeper who came to spray a foul perfume to disguise the odor found it unbearable. There is only a tiny opening in one window for ventilation. We again voiced our displeasure and were eventually given a twin non-smoking room just above the garbage pick-up in the back alley. The room was old and not clean - the bathroom incredibly small. Bathrobes were provided after asking for them but when the room was made up the following day, they were carelessly wadded up on the beds. Also, for anyone hoping to use the wireless internet service, don't count on it - the staff admitted to this problem and offered us access at their hotel accross the street. I would never believe that this hotel has anything to do with Le Meridien chain if there wasn't a sign saying so.	
Sep 8 2004	Not up to Meridien standards	After booking with high expectations of Meridien level service, the actual stay was disappointing. The (non-club level) room was spacious, but not particularly clean. The bathroom floor was sticky and never improved during the stay. The furniture was a little worn--more motor inn level than one would expect from this chain. Restaurant Bronte--the hotel's boutique like restaurant--was very good with warm welcoming service and an interesting menu. The location is a little out of the way, but handy to the Art Museum and high-end shopping. As long as you aren't expecting something like NYC's Parker Meridien or Toronto's Meridien King Edward, it's OK. Unless you find a really good weekend rate, stay elsewhere but eat at Bronte.	
Oct 13 2003	Great hotel great bargain	We stayed at the Hotel Versailles for three nights in October and were exceptionally pleased with our accomodations. The room we were given was on the penthouse floor and had a lovely view of the city, and was spacious and well-appointed. The bathroom was more than adequate and the monogrammed Frette bathrobes put there for guest use were a nice touch. The hotel itself had a very European feel--it is much smaller than most of the other hotels in that area--and the service we received was very good, from the doorman hailing our cabs to the concierge arranging a late check-out for us. Restaurant Bronte, which is attached (very unobtrusively) to the hotel, was a nice place to have a drink--trendy, but low-key--and their menu appeared to be on par with some of Montreal's other &quot;hot&quot; restaurants, like Area and Cube. The only small drawback to this hotel was its location--to get anywhere outside of the &quot;Golden Square Mile&quot; one has to take a taxi or the Metro (there's a station just down the street). Within walking distance are many good shops and restaurants, though, as well as the scenic main campus of McGill University. Overall, I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to other travelers, especially if you get the amazing rate we found ($140 CAD/night) online.	
Mar 11 2003	Ask for a fireplace	The staff at the Hotel Versailles are first rate. They made my stay in Montreal during some of the coldest days I've ever seen bearable and even fun. My assigned room was a little small for my taste, so I asked for an upgrade on my second night. They graciously accommodated me with a large room with a fireplace. I highly recommend the hotel, but pack light if you plan on carrying your own bags--they don't have an elevator.	
Sep 30 2009 	Très bon accueil		
Aug 21 2009 	Decoración extraña y algo viejo		
Feb 7 2008 	De bonne nuit de sommeil		
Sep 4 2007	Algo alejado		
