Aug 17 2009 	ok for the price	I booked with this hotel but once I arrived they didn't have rooms so they sent me to the &quot;University de Montreal residence&quot;, a 100 meters walk and a small climb...I originally booked and &quot;all included&quot;- breakfast and internet but since I wanted the internet for my phone and there is no wifi in the &quot;residence&quot; they changed it without a problem so it was ~40$ a night.It is an old building, no air conditioner, small rooms and shared bathroom.The room was clean and had sheets, towels, soap, sink and a minifridge as well as a closet. The bathroom was also clean.There is a metro station 4 minutes walking distance (&quot;Edouard Monpetit&quot;), it has the blue line.I payed for the parking but if I understood from the signs in the street, you can park there in the summer so you can save a few bucks.If you plan on sitting in your room a lot- this is NOT the place for you. It's not a very welcoming room so it will be great if you plan to travel and only come to sleep.	
Aug 16 2009 	No frills but good location nice staff clean very affordable	This hotel is basically a dorm that you are staying in, with shared bathrooms and small, simple rooms. It's like a very safe hostel in what feels like a relatively safe part of the city. Pros: It has everything that you need (a clean place to sleep, wired internet, bath, and breakfast), and is very very affordable. It's fun talking to other people - often international travelers - at breakfast, which is a simple croissant-bagel-cereal-juice-coffee-fruit affair. The Metro and a grocery are just a few blocks away, and you can see St. Joseph's oratory from the windows of the tower. It only takes about 20 minutes on the Metro to get to favorite locations, like Old Montreal or the downtown Rue St. Catherine area. There is a refrigerator in your room, and I think a kitchenette on the first floor, so you can save even more $ on food. The staff were VERY friendly, helpful, and very good at English.Cons: The bed isn't comfy (It's a hard bed, and I'd recommend bringing your own pillow if you're driving), and you have to leave your room to use the shared bath. Basic dorm fare.Parking is on the street, or a few limited spaces. In the summer on the weekend, I was able to get away with not paying for a permit, but otherwise it would only cost $12/day, which is not bad. I'd definitely recommend this to any frugal traveler.	
Jul 26 2009 	A good hotel decent rooms and very helpful staff	I stayed here when travelling in Canada on my own for the first time. It can be daunting in a french-speaking city, but the staff here speak good English and are always very very helpful. I stayed on the tenth floor of the building (it has good lifts), and there was almost no-one else around. The room was good, a reasonable amount of space although don't expect too much. There was a good view and the room was well fitted, although without air conditioning they did provide a fan.Breakfasts every morning are decent, but once again nothing special but perfectly good as a affordable start to the day.Its a great city and this is a good value place to explore it. The nearest metro is the University de Montreal which is just down the road. Also bus routes are outside and a direct line to a taxi company is available.	
