Aug 28 2009 	Weekend Surprise	Rooms small but rate affordable ($75) a night but lost a good night sleep because of a wedding downstairs that was going full blast with thumping beat that shook our bed at 12:30 AM. After we complained at the front desk they said another 20 - 30 minutes and they would talk to the manager. The noise continued from the restaurant and did not quite down until 1: 15 AM. When I complained at the front desk the next day, no apologies. &quot;It's over now, what's your problem!!&quot; This is on top of a leaky AC (that was so high up I couldn't reach controls), no TV remote, a lamp not plugged in ( we had to move the mattress to reconnect) and toilet paper holder that kept falling off the wall. It was not worth the $75 a night for this mess.	
Aug 18 2009 	Good price and location	I chose this place as an alternative to the Sheraton two blocks away which was being used as a meeting location. At less than a third of the Sheraton's price, the only real difference I noticed was that the rooms were a lot smaller. Everything was new and clean, the only slight complaint was that the AC unit was rather loud when running, but at least it cycled on and off smoothly rather than switching on with a distinct ka-chunk like some do, so it wasn't too hard to sleep through. This place is really good value for money, some of the folks staying at the Sheraton couldn't believe that I was paying less for my entire stay than they paid for one night.	
Jun 8 2009 	Just what we were looking for	My husband and I went on a last minute getaway to the beer festival in Montreal and stayed here. All the other hotels in walking distance were over $130 a night, and this one was $80. It was advertized as having soft beds and great water pressure for showers. For the time we spent in the hotel, it was all we wanted! We only needed a clean safe place to sleep and shower, and we got it! The room was small, but we didn't need a lot of space. Great value, and great location if you are planning to visit the city.	
Jul 20 2008 	Oy Totally Vey!	Remember the Soup Nazi from Sienfeld? If he opened a hotel in Montreal, this would be it.First, let me say that the room that my husband and I stayed in tis past weekend was fine -- on the small side, but clean and relatively well appointed, with good AC and a comfortable bed. No extras, but perfectly adequate and reasonably priced. Since we do a good deal of international travel, we're not expecting an American style suite hotel everywhere we go.We are expecting, though, to be treated as guests, not as an annoyance. It started when we arrived and the gentlemen at the front desk treated us as if we were interrupting his evening. (The same people are running the hotel and a large adjoining restaurant, so their good humor is obviously spread thin -- really thin.)We paid to park on their lot behind the hotel, where we were greeted by an officious young man who -- despite the giant size of the lot, and almost no one parking there -- directed us into a space centimeter by centimeter. He also told us to leave a slip of paper on our dashboard with our room number on it. So it was a quite a surprise when the front desk called our room at about 1 AM to tell us, in the snappiest way possible, to get downstairs right away because we had parked &quot;incorrectly&quot; and had blocked in one of their employees. I was sound asleep when they called, but did have the presence of mind to ask what the make and model of the car was. Not mine. When i convinced the ticked off guy that it wasn't my car, he ordered me to go back to sleep. No apologies. No goodnight, sorry I woke you up.So I got up to go to the bathroom and the toilet paper holder fell off the wall.Breakfast is only served until 9, so my husband and I got up extra early so we wouldn't miss it. The owners run an Indian buffet restaurant so we thought it would be a treat. But somehow, in a city of fine bakeries and cafes, the owners had reduced breakfast to a bag of (supermarket?) white bread, a bag of commercial bagels, a box of cereal, a carton of OJ, and some containers of PB and J. They had a toaster and a hot plate with a carafe of coffee. At 9 AM on the dot, they whisked the whole breakfast away, including the coffee (no refills for you!).  We went out for the day and came back to find our room made up, but with no soap -- just a sliver left over from our morning showers. In the morning my husband went to the front desk and asked for soap. Turns out they had run out, but did manage to dig up one little bar for us to share by, apparently, cannabalizing another room's supply. (Okay, there were a couple of huge CVS type stores around the corner where they could have gotten soap but I guess that would have cost money.)While my husband took his low-suds shower, I tried to use the WiFi to check my e-mail. Oops -- password needed and a charge for WiFi use! (Quel surprise!) I called down to the front desk for the password and was told that the only guy who knew about the WiFi was really busy and could I call back in 15 minutes? I decided to forget it and take my own low-suds shower. We didn't even bother with the PB-and-J-on-white breakfast.Did we have a great weekend in Montreal despite staying at this hotel? You bet! Montreat is a ton of fun with LOTS happening on summer weekends. Could you find a better hotel? You betcha!	
Jul 10 2008 	Nice Hotel	Let me tell you a little bit about this hotel. Hotel A2K is a wonderful choice for anyone who is traveling alone or as a couple (I do not recommend for families as the room I was staying in was a bit small) I was traveling in early July of 2008 with my husband to see the jazz festival. We enjoyed everything about this hotel. The staff was kind, the rooms were well-decorated, and the price was cheap. Only 90 dollars for the jazz festival dates! All of the other hotels that I inquired to quoted me at least 130 dollars for a double room. If you want a nice hotel to stay at and are traveling alone or as a couple, I would definitely recommend you to pay this place a visit if you come to Montréal.	
Apr 12 2008 	Great hotel! super rates and location	We stayed here for a couple of nights in Feb 2007.First the good ..... We enjoyed the location which is very close to the main shopping areas. It is also very handy for the Metro. The rooms were very clean, and well decorated. The bed was one of the softest I have ever slept on - very nice. The staff were also very friendly.Now for the bad ..... Although the room was well-decorated, it was a little bit small for a family of four, but the generous administration added a cot to our room so that we would be more comfortable. I would recommend this place to people without young children (as they need to run around) if you want a sweet deal, friendly service, and a nice place to stay at night; this is the best Hotel for youBottom line – The rates were very economical, the staff was friendly, and the rooms were clean, so I would say that I would stay here again as the good points outweighed the bad ones.Oh, and I forgot to tell you, they have an amazing all-you-can-eat Indian restaurant, and if you ask, they can give you a discount. MUST try if you stay at this hotel!	
Feb 28 2008 	Greatest Hotel ever stayed at	This was the greatest hotel we ever stayed at. For the low price of $130, we didn't expect much. When we went up to the room, we found ourselves in a hidden gem. A cozy room, tastefully decorated and a bed that makes you tiered when you look at it. Me and my wife relaxed in the jacuzzi, and fell right asleep due to our long flight. I had the most pleasant sleep in my life. The beds were comfy, and the air-conditioning was powerful enough to even make a Montreal June seem like March. The room was well-kept and the staff very friendly. We will definetly be staying here next time we visit Montreal!	
Jul 3 2007 	Crooks!	The same experience happened to me as the first poster. My friends and I booked the A2K for the Canadian Grand Prix June 8-10. When I originally made reservations in late April, I was quoted a price of $152 per night and was also given a confirmation number. I was called two weeks before our stay and was told that the price was going to be $299 per night. Even though I gave them my confirmation number, they refused to honor their first quote. I then had to sign a contract. Unfortunately, it's impossible to get rooms in downtown Montreal during Grand Prix weekend at the last minute, so they knew they had us over a barrel. Combined with the rude and pompous service, tiny rooms that they pass off as &quot;spacious,&quot; and construction that started at 7:00am, I will never stay there again. If this hotel was located in the US, I would have sued them for the fun of it!	
May 29 2007	do not book this hotel	We booked this hotel two months ago at a confirmed rate of $112 per night. One week before we were scheduled to arrive in Montreal, the hotel called us and had more than doubled the rate to $250 per night. They would not honour their original quote that we had booked for even though they had provided a confirmation number for our reservation. If you want to be sure that your travel plans are not completely ruined that you are doing business with a honest and repuitable company, avoid booking this hotel.	
