Sep 11 2007 	Nasty do not stay here under any circumstances!	This is without a doubt the worst and most disgusting place I've ever stayed at. We came here when we were still students on a pretty tight budget. We wanted something close to Olympic Stadium so that we could catch a few Expos' games. Once you arrive here, the place looks nothing like it does in the pictures you find online. It's like one of those cartoons where you're looking at a really nice picture and when they pull the picture away, it's the same place but all dreary and delapidated. The whole outside of the building looked gross. The room from afar looked like a Best Western room, but things like door hinges looked like they had fallen apart and the owners decided on a quick fix rather than repairing it right. We were too naive to realize that this was one of the sketchy parts of town, but that's what it is in. The worst part was that there were tiny bugs all over the counter of the washroom. I felt so disgusted and wanted to jump into a pool of pure alcohol to disinfect myself. Do not stay here, spend a few extra bucks at a hotel chain.	
Feb 12 2005	Utterly disgusting I'd rather sleep in my car	I am sorry I hadn't read the reviews on this web site before going to this place they call an hotel. Staying there turned out to be a disaster. Such neglect and filth were so unbeleivable to us, but it was late at night and we had no idea where else to go. I would much rather sleep in my car that in this dump. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME ON THIS DUMP. The best moment was when we left. 	
Sep 9 2004	Absolutely Awful	This was an absolute terrible experience. Paint is peeling off the walls, the furniture is falling apart. The receptionist actually told us that some rooms are rented by the hour. I would not stay there again, EVER. When I got in I had the feeling that I have to disinfect the whole place before I could touch anything. Please DO NOT go there.	
Aug 16 2004	DISGUSTING	Seedy motel that was grossly misrepresented by HOTELS. In an undesireable part of town. Mold around the air conditioners, tv's with no remote controls, dressers with broken handles so you couldn't even open a drawer, stains everywhere and it smelled musty. We walked in and we walked out again. We weren't even reimbursed for the inconvenience.	
Jul 24 2004	Arrive Late Leave Early	Cheap affordable 2 storey motel. 5 min drive from the Olympic Stadium. Short drive to a McDonalds and a Tim Horton's, and a Zellers.Listed as a 2 star. Our &quot;non-smoking&quot; room smelled like stale smoke. Do not stay here if you are sensitive to smoke. Shower functional. Taps for hot and cold reversed (cold was on the left). Very worn commercial carpeting. Old TV had 3 channels. The mattresses are worn out. This is strictly an &quot;arrive late and leave early&quot; type of hotel. If you want to spend any additional time in your hotel room, you may want to find another place. Ask for a ground floor room if you don't want to carry all you bags up a level to the second storey.The rate we paid was cheap, and that's why we stayed here. I booked through their website.The rate was $16 cheaper on the website than what they asked for when I arrived. (They gave me the reservation rate.) The website rate was $9 cheaper than if you called their 1-800 number (------------). If you book via the website , you must confirm with a credit card. You must cancel the same way that you book (website)or you will be charged for one night's stay. You cannot call to cancel your website booking apparently.	
Mar 9 2003	Disapointment	I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED. I tought that Econo Lodge was a good place to rent and the price was ok. But I should have paid a little more and have a comfortable stay, with no problems. YOU don't have any commodities, like a fridge, a microwave, coffee or even shampoo ( the shampoo I had to ask for some). The telephone was't working, I had to go out to the reception I ask for repairs. The television was old , I had problem adjusting the volume and the remote was not working, while I was a the reception I asked for some ice, I had to go upstairs in a filthy storage room to get it, and when I was on my way back, the door was stuck, I had trouble getting it open, I almost kicked it to get out of there. The back of of the bathroom door was filthy. Then in the morning when I was ready to leave, two cars were blocking my way out, I called the reception to tell them about my problem, the couldn't say to who the cars belong to I had to wait for the janitor to find one of the car owner so I could get out and leave. Well, I have to say the people were polite, except for the cleaning lady, who was peeking through the windon to see if we were still there in the morning. The temperature in the room was so hot, even with the thermostat off, because one of the heating unit as one man said to me would stopped when it was at certain temperature, it never stopped. We could that night sleep without any covers and more.........A good thing the bed were comfortable It was my first time time, I let me tell you my last, I don't recommend it to any one, who's going in Montreal for pleasure or vacation.	
