Nov 15 2009 	Great Stay	This hotel was a great place to stay Montreal . It was well within walking distance to great shopping, dining ,and sports.	
Oct 18 2009 	Le Nouvel Hotel - Montreal Quebec Canada	Great hotel. Even though our room faced the busy street on the front of the hotel, we never heard noises. The room was very well kept. Nice furnishings, though they could've had an ottoman for the chair. Free wireless internet service accessible from the room. Bathroom was sparse, but functional. Great cable tv -- many channels to choose from, if you liked (though Montreal being such a great city, why you would spend much time in front of the tv is a mystery to me). The hotel includes a full 'American breakfast' in its price. Very good food, even if it was the same thing day in and out. At least you could fuel up for the day's adventure ahead and not need to worry about where to get breakfast. Excellent service at the front desk. If you need a refrig in your room, ask and it shall be delivered promptly. Same thing goes for bathrobes! It is a centrally located hotel, and well worth the modest room rates. Excellent value! We would most certainly stay there again. 	
Oct 9 2009 	Very Nice Hotel	The hotel was very nice. The desk staff were pleasant and took care of all my needs. They suggested a very nice, nearby restaurant Michel's for dinner. The subway station is not far away and with that you can get anywhere in the city.	
Oct 8 2009 	Fine hotel not perfect	This hotel had a comfortable bed and a lot of space. The room was clean. And the location was good, in the center of the city and a short walk to the subway. However, we were on a non-smoking floor with smokers right below us. When our downstairs neighbors smoked, it was vented into our bathroom. The front desk offered to spray some scented spray as a solution, we preferred smoke to chemicals. The safe didn't work and the front desk offered no viable solution until we insisted they keep our valuables for us.Overall a comfortable hotel, but not perfect.	
Sep 10 2009 	Good location for a visit to Montreal	Good location for a visit to Montreal. Rooms were large and comfortable. Staff was polite and effcient. Very nice.I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 4 2009 	Very helpful staff	Booked a hotel for 8 days late Aug/early Sept. through Hotwire. Once I was told the Hotel was Le Nouvel I read the reviews on Tripadvisor and was very concerned by the negative comments. The lobby was quite nice, but when the elevator doors opened and saw the somewhat dingy corridor I was really worried. However, the room was large, very clean, the bathroom had new fixtures, clean, everything worked. True, the furniture was somewhat dated, but the bed was comfortable, I found no fault with the linens, did see a small tear in the blanket, but it was clean. Having a kitchenette saved me oodles of money, since breakfast was not included. I fixed my own breakfast and even supper, heating stuff in the microwave and small stove top. I found a nice store on Rue St. Catherine and purchased food stuffs there. The best of all, however, was the bilingual front desk staff who patiently and courteously helped me find my way around. I lived in Montreal in the 50's and wanted to retrace the past, where we immigrants lived, where I worked, shopped, most of it off the tourist path and without their help I could not have done it. Merci beaucoup!The only complaint I have was the slower than snails internet, which they will be upgrading shortly.MallelePS - Used the Metro extensively, it is easy to understand.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great Location	Great deal, great location, just one street to downtown &amp; shopping center, rooms was so clean &amp; big. Breakfast was buffet all the time, everything was fresh. Front desk people was so poilte &amp; could speak 3 languages.	
Jul 30 2009 	Great Location	Myself and a friend were here for a girl's trip and found the hotel to be okay. The location was definatley the biggest pro in the bunch. Here is a list of my pros/consPros -Location. So close to St. Catherine and Subway.-Quiet (Never heard a peep)-Free Internet-Clean -Staff (Very friendly and helpful)Cons-Def not a 3.5 star as rated on Hotwire-Pool (Very Small)-Jacquzzi (Had to pay $20 per use - Should be free!)-Outdated Style in Rooms (Lobby is great though)-Bathroom needs work (Drain was extremely slow and the air exchange barely worked)Overall, it was a perfect location and a great price through Hotwire. Would recommend it to others if they were looking for a good budget hotel.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great hotel and location	I can't believe I stayed at the same hotel according to some of the previous reviews. We stayed in a condo suite for four nights and were very satisfied. The room was huge, nicely decorated, immaculately clean and very quiet. The bed was very comfortable and the bed linens were in perfect condition. The kitchenette was very convenient and nicely appointed. We parked on the street for free and because we were so close to the subway, rarely used the car. The neighbourhood is safe and quiet. The staff are very helpful and accommodating. We had a great rate for Montreal and will definitely return.	
Jul 27 2009 	Bed Bugs needless to say more!	At first the hotel seemed nice and clean. Basic beds with a basic bathroom with even Neutrogena stuff in there. TV's remote control didn't work. Location was okey especially if you're keen on shopping. My friend bought a new dress and when she got her first bites we figured it most have come from the dress. It appeared to us just a couple of days later that there were actually bed bugs. My friend looks horrible not to mention all the laudring we've been doing. Moreover, we might have brought bed bugs to my friend's sister's place. We just found one from their futon and they spread fast!!!I suggest you check out your beds really carefully and don't leave any of yor stuff on the floor. If possible, don't go. I'll never go there again!	
Jul 23 2009 	Do not stay at this hotel	We booked through Hotwire expecting a 3.5* hotel. Once we found out we were staying at Le Nouvel Hotel, I called the hotel directly and I requested a no smoking room. The receptionist said that wasn't a problem and said it was entered in our reservation.When we arrived at the hotel in the evening, we were told that there was only a smoking room available. I explained that I called the hotel directly but was told nothing was on file and &quot;you did book with Hotwire.&quot; The front staff told me they had overbooked so there was nothing available. Finally after asking again if they could find me a no smoking room, they gave us a non-smoking room on the condo side.When we opened the door, the room had a very strong odour similar to moth balls, very nauseating. I immediately called the front desk and informed them. They told me that there was nothing they could do because they were overbooked. All they could do was send a service man up to see if he could do anything. The service person came (this is at around 11pm) and said it wasn't right the room smelled this bad. He was very helpful (wasn't able to resolve the problem though) and offered to open up one of the windows. This involved many trips. Finally, about 1/2 hr later he managed to do so, but with difficulty. He told us to call the front desk in the morning to get a new room. Since we backed onto a busy street, it was pretty loud sleeping that night. The odour was still strong with the windows open. Needless to say we never did get a new room....When we checked out I explained to the front desk that I was disappointed that they couldn't find me a different room despite my phone calls. The front desk was polite but only responded &quot;I am sorry that you didn't enjoy your stay. I can have the manager call you.&quot; There was no offer to credit us, I was expected to pay the full amount to stay in a horrible room. Needless to say, no one has called me back.I can accept the room is dated, but all I wanted was a non-smoking room that had no strong odours.Other things...The lobby looks nice and after that the hotel is very dated.The gym is nothing to be excited about. It is in a small basement room.	
Jul 22 2009 	We had fun breakfast was nice but it is not as luxurious as appears to be online.	Hello! We had a great time here. The front desk was wonderful and helpful. The room was a little bit old fashioned and not very luxurious as it seems in photos online. The elevator is slow, maids a little grouchy, business center (2 computers by the lobby) were dying turtle slow, and water pressure in the shower was slight. Swimming pool was a good little walk through many halls, and it was tiny. Swimming laps was silly. The gym left a lot to be desired and there were better locations. However, we still had fun and no big problems. The breakfast which was included in our AAA rate was wonderful! THey also had a lovely courtyard. WE just had come from a much more contemporary and comfortable hotel in Toronto and paid less.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great location spacious rooms	Close to the Bell center, underground (pay )parking. Parking was about 15.00/day everywhere in Quebec. We liked the large rooms . NO POOL was a suprise.	
Jul 6 2009 	Checked out early...not up to moderate standards	Very disappointed in this hotel. Looked much better on line than in real life. Was supposed to stay 3 nights but left after one. Granted it is not the absolute worst place, but if you are the type of person who likes a clean, comfortable room with fresh sheets and towels, this hotel will disappoint you too. Bed was terribly uncomfortable, but even worse the sheets were so worn and old that they didn't even look clean or washed. Same with the towels. Everything about the room felt old and dingy and borderline unclean. For me that's not a comfortable way to spend any amount of time. We checked out so that we could enjoy the rest of our stay in Montreal and not have to dread coming back to the room after a long day enjoying the city.	
Jun 30 2009 	Good hotel - glad it was not too much	I got this hotel through Hotwire - and I am glad, when I was at the front desk I found out the regular rates - I would not pay those for this place.Rooms - spacious - but dated.Service - no issues.Activities - the pool was very small.Misc - centrally located - could walk to everywhere in Montreal.3/5	
May 29 2009 	Awesome place to stay!	The hotel overall was in a great location. It was clean, good service and would be a place i would stay at again. It was a good price and overall a great stay.	
May 4 2009 	This Place is a Dump	I booked this on Hotwire as a 4 star hotel. Our room smelled of smoke, the hallways where musty and the pool was non-existant. Staff was great though so not all bad, but very far from a 4 star hotel	
Mar 30 2009 	Average but not 3.5 stars	Pros: This hotel was clean and in a great location. The staff was very friendly. The beds comfortable, and the room spacious. Cons: Everything was a bit dusty including the reception area. There was an empty six pack of beer on the balcony outside of our window. Everything was outdated, specifically our bedspread, and blankets. The blankets even had holes in them. Not bad for the money and the location. Only about 7 minutes from a Metro stop. However not 3.5 stars as Hotwire suggests.	
Mar 15 2009 	Not A 4 Not Even A 3 Star Hotel!	Hotel well situated near the Bell Center (Montréal Canadiens hockey club) and about 10 - 15 minute walk to anywhere downtown and a 5 minute walk to a subway station (Lucien Lallier or Guy Concordia).Rooms are clean but EVERYTHING is badly outdated. The hotel's own website rate «itself» as a 4 stars, some sites 3.5, others 3... This is a 2 star MAX! It's clean and all, but don't expect anything better than a ComfortInn or Travelodge.	
Feb 25 2009 	Fair rooms but not worth the price	My husband and I went on a weekend trip to Montreal and decided to stay here. We were pleasently surprised, we got there at 12 and our booking wasn't until 3 but they still gave us our room. We got to our room and it was outdated, but overall it was clean. The bed was confortable but what was gross was there was a huge burn stain in the blanket. We opened the drawers and found 2 extra pillows and an extra blanket which was a plus. We got all the tv channels and we got a wifi key and got to surf the net on our cell phones, so we can plan the day before we leave the hotel. Oh and I love how close it is to St. Catherine.What I didn't like is it was supposed to be a 4 star so we paid the 4 star price but it was so outdated. We felt we didn't get our money's worth.	
Nov 11 2008 	Le Nouvel Hotel in Montreal	This hotel is conveniently located as it is near to vieux Montreal, Visitor Center and Shopping Malls. We had a nice room on the second floor for an attractive price (booked via visitor center) Although the room was to the street, we felt it was clean and very spacious and luxurious compared to others. The hotel itself looked old, but well maintained and skillfully decorated. Breakfast was very good. We recommend this hotel for a single night stay.	
Oct 18 2008 	Barely 2 Star	Located in a quiet area towards the outskirts of Montreal, which is the only plus about this place.I was informed that this was a 4 star hotel, and it barely is a 2 star hotel.Fake flower bouquets in the room; small old style TV; dingy hallway; cigarette holes in the sheer window curtains, etc.	
Sep 28 2008 	Not worth the effort.	I had my arrangements made well in advance for this hotel but upon arrival, after traveling all day internationally to get there, I find out upon in the lobby they had rebooked my stay to another hotel down a few blocks at a Day's Inn hotel because they overbooked their rooms.What??? Okay, trying to roll with it, what's the address of this new hotel.... they call and find I have no booking there. Here it comes, instead they've booked me at the Travelodge instead that apparently is so far away that I can't walk there. So kindly, they say they can pay for my cab ride....It must have been when I didn't jump for joy at the offer, or it must have been at the point where I voiced my disapproval that they suddenly found they could honor the booking. Maybe staying there was now my mistake.The hotel needs a serious update and it hasn't looked like it's been remodeled since the early 90's. Outdated bedding and decorations, tube TV with horrible reception, bathtub with peeling anti-slip strips and wi-fi that only worked just inside the doorway by the hallway closet. Forget even trying to get a signal by the desk near the window with the lovely view of two apartment buildings within spitting distance.Did I mention that there was always something missing during cleaning? I didn't have shampoo the first day and they didn't replenish the bottled water the next. If this is what rates as a four-star hotel in Canada, go the extra mile and find a 5-star.I'll leave on a positive note tho, at least they gave me paper to use for their free internet machine printer in the lobby.	
Sep 14 2008 	Worth the money	Stayed for three nights in September.The hotel is definitely worth the ~115 per night, including breakfast. The key is to understand whether it meets your individual expectations.If you enjoy staying in the room and having a nice time in the hotel, this probably won't work. If you are looking for a decent, clean place to stay that is close to the action, this hotel works perfectly.It is one block from St. Catherine, toward the rougher end (absolutely safe but definitely gets nicer toward the other end).Room is reasonably sized, bathroom is bright and clean but not as nice as most other big name hotels, also the shower/tub is not huge (as I mentioned, won't lure you into staying in the room). Bed is reasonably comfortable, room can be completely darkened with the blackout curtains, and the AC works well but is a bit loud. TV is old school but works fine. Little kitchen area is quite nice with burner, sink, microwave, and coffee pot.Taxi is $38 from the airport. Hotel has a nice breakfast and a spa that offers a bunch of services. Internet is free and there are two computers in the lobby. Small gym with a couple of cardio machines and some free weights. I didn't check out the pool but saw signs pointing toward it.Staff is extremely polite and helpful, the first room I went into had some strong scent so they moved me quickly. Also had an issue with the in-room safe (wouldn't open with my room key) and maintenance came up and opened for me in ~5-10 minutes.Hope this helps.	
Sep 4 2008 	Horrible!	BAD EXPERIENCE, NEVER AGAIN!! Apparently when next door takes a dump, the odour slowly creeps into your room. The washroom floor was sticky, which was quite alarming, and the &quot;NON-SMOKING&quot; room smelled like smoke and had an ash tray!! The furniture is OUTDATED, the actual le nouvel website had some decent looking pictures, but when you get there, its quite deceiving! The only nice thing about the hotel is the nice lobby. The staff there ignored me when I walked in the door, and after 10 minutes, they finally realized they had a customer waiting. Save your money, your better off at a motel!	
Aug 1 2008 	Not Bad Not Great Just Average	The hotel is OK. It's neat and clean and up to date, but the rooms smell like cigarette smoke. The front desk service is what you would expect, nothing special.The location is OK. It's quite the walk to old Montreal, but you could catch the metro. It's only about 1km to get to the city center and area bars.I think the hotel is a bit pricey for what it is. Overall I feel pretty neutral on the hotel. I would look at other hotels to stay at next time, but if I didn't find anything better in the price range I would consider staying here again.	
Jul 16 2008 	Pleasantly surprised at LeNouvell	Based on previous reviews, it appears Nouvell Hotel has made some improvements. The desk staff attendants were pleasant and informative, the room was clean and quiet, the lobby was attractive. Close walk to downtown or to the subway connection to Old Montreal. Booked last minute through the Quebec tourist information site on St Catherine, at a great rate. Very pleased overall.	
Jan 21 2008	Great hotel good location	This is a really good hotel for the price. The room was modernly renovated and very comfortable. The hotel is located close to underground and rue Catherine. The staff were very helpful and the complementary business facilities was a bonus. The gym however was difficult to get to and very small. All round a good hotel and I will definitely stay here again if in Montreal.	
Jan 20 2008 	should be called the old shack	This hotel was very unpleasant the moment we walked in we noticed that the place was not updated due to the orange lounge chairs..The front reception desk was nice but the staff were bitter and had no idea where anything was in Montreal. They don’t offer early check in we had arrived at 8 am and had to wait until 3pm to get our room.The room: Basically i slept in better Motels then this joint.The room was not updated, not enough light in the room the bed was hard and the bed sheets smelled bed covers were thin we called room service for extra blankets never came, its a two flush toilet we stayed on the 7 flr in the old part of the hotel we face the street over looking the St Margaret De Youlive The bathroom As mention before it was a two flush toilet the floor are blue and the counter were in tiles and is held by a picket. The water either to hot or to cold I wouldn’t recommend the room if you are staying for more then one night l don’t about the rest of the hotel but this my experience from it Area Its about 9 blocks from the downtown core its does have two corner stores in the area its close to the highway two blocks from the main street the Metro is a fast system just stay on the green and orange lines each ticket is about 2.75 35 dollars from the airport	
Jan 2 2008 	Worst Hotel Ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in, in my life. I am a experienced traveller and this place was gross. The chairs in the lobby are ripped, we booked a studio suite and went to a scary location where they have apartments mixed with hotel rooms. We asked for nonsmoking, we could smell smoke.The linens were dirty, no shampoo or condtioner in room. There was mold in the shower on the walls, the placed smelled. I was only there for 1 night and you could not pay me to go back there. The place should be shut down. All I can say is DISASTER.	
Sep 21 2007	Terrible Service	Listed as a 4 star and is definately not. Front staff were rude and not helpful in the least. Housekeeping was inept and neglectful. Also is two blocks away from fire station and would have been nice to know that prior to booking. Way too overpriced for what you get.	
Jul 22 2007 	Great stay and we'll return.	My boyfriend and I stayed at Le Nouvel over the Canada Day weekend, and we were pleasantly surprised with the cleaniness and quality of the room, as we were apprehensive after reading some unfavourable reviews about the hotel.The hotel was easy to find, being right on Rene Levesque. There is an underground parking available for $15/night (has in/out privilege), and just a note to those driving a SUV or truck - the height max is about 6FT., and the ceilings are exposed with pipes/wires in some areas of the parking lot, so be sure to remove any overhead baggages before entering the lot, or they'll fall off your car (or worse, damage the roof). We drove a SUV, and we were just a couple of inches lower than the ceiling, and have never seen a ceiling that hangs so low in a parking lot. Also, look for signs to hotel parking. The lot is shared between the hotel and a condo next door, and we made the mistake of not reading all the signs to hotel parking before heading in the opposite direction. The other side of the lot was dark and creepy, so use caution when entering the lot. Parking spaces closer to the hotel is well lit, although small.Check-in was quick and hotel staff was friendly. Our room faced Rene Levesque, so we heard some light traffic noise at night. If noise is a concern, I would recommend asking for a room facing away from the street. The room was spacious, with a nice sitting area. Bathroom was clean, and they have Neutrogena bath products available.The hotel is a convenient walk to St. Catherine Street (1 block) where there are many restaurants. We had breakfast at the hotel (buffet $11/person), and it has a nice selection with hot &amp; cold food.Overall, this is a great hotel with very reasonable rates. We were impressed with the room and the hotel in general (I am super picky with cleaniness and I was not dissappointed). This is a great place to stay if you're looking for a comfortable room to unwind after a day of sight-seeing/partying. It's no Ritz Carlton, but it's a great value in Montreal and we'll stay here again the next time we're in town.	
Jul 4 2007 	Free WiFi and great location!	After reading some of the reviews about Le Nouvel Hotel on this site, we were very worried that our stay in Montreal would be marred by this hotel. And guess what...it wasn't.Either people posting here had some very bad luck or management has changed, because we had absolutely no problems (with the exception of a non-working TV remote) during our four-night stay at this downtown property. First off, the location was great. Easy to find off the highway, easy access to parking, quick and simple check-in. Close to all the activity on Rue St Catherine, but much quieter than that bustling area. We walked everywhere in the city - from Vieux Montreal to Plateau du Mont Royal and Quartier Latin - without a problem. We had a spacious corner room with a lovely view of the city, a microwave and decent sized mini-fridge (which came in handy to store our bottles of water). The room was clean and comfortable. The linens and towels weren't what you'd find at a Ritz-Carlton, granted, but they were just fine for the amount of money we paid (100/night). All pillows in the room were down-filled, which was a problem for me since I'm allergic. I made a phone call to the front desk and less than 15 minutes later, two lovely pillows were delivered to our door. Best of all was the free wireless Internet. My boyfriend and I (luckily) brought along our laptop and were able to do some research on restaurants, etc., before leaving the room. Very nice perk, indeed, considering most hotels charge a small fortune for WiFi access.Keep in mind, this is not a luxury hotel (as Le Nouvel Hotel promotes itself). In my opinion, this is a mid-range property. If you want luxury, stay at the Ritz. But if you're looking for a nice hotel for a good deal, this hotel fits the bill. I am so glad I didn't let the so-so reviews deter me from staying here. I will also post some photos of our room and the view, so you can judge for yourselves. We didn't eat on the property, nor did we use the swimming pool (as seeing the city was our first priority). At the end of the day, we were happy coming back to Le Nouvel Hotel and we really enjoyed our stay there (and with the money we saved by staying there, we were able to afford an additional night)!	
May 12 2007 	Would not stay here again	My company booked me at this hotel for a business trip to Montreal last year. The hotel looks like a hybrid between a hotel and residential apartments. It is split in two buildings joined by a tube corridor.Here are the good points:(1) It is in a good location, 1 block from Ste Catherine st.(2) The breakfast in the hotel restaurant was quite good. I don't know if it was good value though because the breakfast came with my room package and I didn't know how much extra it costs.(3) The room was large and clean.Here are the bad points:(1) The fire alarm went off one night about 2AM - there was a fire in the electrical room. I was on one of the top floors. When I went out of my room to go down - there was no emergency lighting whatsoever. I could not even find the EXIT/SORTIE light - it was pitch dark and I tried to feel my way around for about two minutes. I decided to feel my way back to my room when I heard footsteps running down the emergency stairs. I did not know where it is until I saw a flash of light - from the person's flashlight which briefly leaked through the emergency door cracks. I headed in that direction and found the exit door, clambered down very slowly (it was total darkness even in the emergency stairs) until I remembered I had a cellphone which lit the way down for me. If the fire was more serious and there was smoke and panic - I might not have made it. My colleague sent a protest email to the hotel management and all we got back was an unsatisfactory apology.(2) My room's wired internet port does not work and neither does my colleague's in another floor. The wireless worked a bit but I had to work on the floor beside the room's door to get an internet signal. Very uncomfortable.(3) There was a heat wave at that time and I was looking forward to a dip in the pool but didn't because the pool was very small, cramped, and unsightly.After this experience, we sent a recommendation to our company management to not use this hotel.	
Nov 23 2006 	Choose a hotel that is more honest and higher in integrity	Stayed at this hotel in October 2006 and on arrival their staff pushed a trolley off the sidewalk which dented our car. At first they didn't admit to it, but then relented and referred me to the manager Carlos Solomon who simply gave us lip service and wasted immense amounts of our time asking for ridiculous amounts of documentation. The rooms were unimpressive, outdated and just clean enough. In short, after paying for that evening, they refuse to make good on their promise to make the situation right. I would not trust them or recommend anyone else risk the unprofessionalism that we experienced.	
Nov 10 2006 	Dated tired and very Faded poor service too.	The location of the hotel is a bit stranded on the west side of the city and cabs were needed to get to anywhere of interest. Hotel rooms were adequate, however, the maid service was poor and the room was frequently not made up by the early evening despite leaving room in the early a.m.However, the worst of the situation is that I have had money automatically taken from my bank account after I had departed the country when the account was already settled in full. It has now been several months, and the hotel is refusing to respond to me emails for an explanation, even though I have provided proof of the transactions going through twice.	
Sep 12 2006 	Great location so-so hotel.	While looking for a hotel in Montreal to spend part of a romantic anniversary vacation, I ran across the website for Le Nouvel Hotel. They have plain rooms that most of the Trip Advisor reviews talk about but, they also have 5 suites they call &quot;Admiral Lofts.&quot; The Lofts have kitchenettes, large Jacuzzi tubs, luxury bedding, and an in-room clothes washer/dryer. The pictures on the website looked impressive so, we booked 4 nights.The hotel is in a great location. Close to restaurants, bars, nightlife, and the metro station. Several restaurants not to miss: Ristorante Ferrari (Italian - amazing fresh pasta and desserts), Upstairs (jazz club with great food), and Vieux Mozart (Austro-Hungarian in the old town area)!!!!Okay, back to the hotel review...The front desk staff was very helpful and relatively easy to communicate with. Don't be intimidated if they start to speak to you in French, they are happy to change to English if you ask (or just look confused). The rooms...well…I have mixed feelings. We learned that the 5 Admiral Lofts were recently built in an area connected to the hotel that used to be a comedy club. This in itself was not a problem but, I was surprised to find all the &quot;Lofts&quot; on the 1st floor. I was hoping for a nice city view. Instead, the windows face a walkway (and fence behind the walkway) where people walk back and forth to get to the pool. I can't really fault the hotel for this as it was my assumption that a Loft wouldn't be on the ground floor of a high-rise building. The website didn't say one way or another, and I didn't ask about it in advance...so, I consider this to be my fault for not asking before reserving. However, I wanted to mention it to any others who would find the “lack of view” important. Back to the topic of &quot;new&quot; rooms...we were constantly noticing what a terrible job the contractors did. Baseboard not attached to the wall and bowing out in several places, fan/light above the shower hanging by the electrical wire (we had them fix this while we were there), towel racks and other plumbing fixtures very loose...I could go on but, I'll spare you. It mildly bothered us so see such shabby work but, we didn't allow it to ruin our trip! The nice things about the room were the tall ceilings, very large 2 person Jacuzzi tub, comfortable bed, kitchenette, and laundry machines. We love the local markets and like to cook a few meals in our room when traveling so, the kitchenette was important to us. By the way, if you are a &quot;foodie” -- don't miss the Atwater market!!! Also, the in-room coffee pot doubles as an expresso maker and they give you good quality coffee in the lofts.We cannot comment on the restaurant as we never ate there. Breakfast was included in our room price but we never took advantage of that -- we just aren't breakfast people. We did however, have a glass of wine at the bar and enjoyed talking to the bartender, Victor, who made some great restaurant recommendations. All-in-all, we had a fantastic time...we just loved Montreal! This particular hotel was okay. I think I'd probably stay at the Marriott Residence Inn (in the same neighborhood) next time. I'll miss the nice big Jacuzzi tub but, maybe we'll gain a better view and save some money.	
Aug 25 2006 	Very nice hotel in great location	Despite the fair reviews, we booked 3 nights at the Novel Hotel for our first family vacation to Montreal. Thru the Entertainment book, we paid less than $100 per night which is a bargain in this city! We stayed in a room on the 4th floor, non smoking and were satified. We are a family of 4, 2 adults and 2 children, and chose this hotel for the location and the price. The sign says 4 star hotel which we did not feel it was. More like 3 star. Clean. Front desk was helpful and provided a clock radio because there was not one in our room. From what we passed by in this area and knowing the high prices, we got comparable lodging at a low price. Swimming pool was very small. Yet our 2 children enjoyed it because the first time they used it, there were just a few other families. The second time they had it to themselves.	
Aug 6 2006 	Four Star it ain't	Despite their touting of this hotel as a 4-star hotel, it is anything but. The air conditioning unit (on Floor 7) was so loud we had to turn it off and swelter through the night rather than try and sleep through what sounded like a freight train going through our room. The front desk staff were rude AND ineffecient, the restaurant staff just rude, no book describing hotel amenities or services, the towels were YMCA specials (and it took 3 separate requests to get the number we wanted), and there is no recycling provision ... and some of the pics on their website are not of their hotel.As others have said, the only thing going for it is its location, but there are lots of other better hotels in the area at comparable prices.	
Jul 24 2006 	Good location but that's it	Me and my girlfriend stayed at the &quot;Le Nouvel Hotel&quot; at the end of July. The hotel was very close to the highway and is located only steps away from Ste-Catherine Street. Cheap parking and lots of space on 3 different level. Food was not that good and it's always the same for breakfeast. We were on the 8th floor and the A/C was very loud. Room was clean and so was the hotel in general. Average service from the front desk. Because the hotel is close to downtown lots of noise when Bar are closing at 3 AM. Also the pool is very small.	
Apr 21 2006	Just stay at the Days Inn	It was a nice looking hotel with clean rooms. However, if you are paying big bucks to stay at a classy hotel with the amenities they claim to offer, I would suggest looking elsewhere. Our rooms were ok, regular old hotel rooms, nothing special. They claim to have a spa, which during our 3 day stay on a weekend was NEVER open. The receptionist was not very friendly or helpful. The fitness was a tiny little room with a few weights, a treadmill and a bowflex type machine. Their pool was a glorified bathtub, and their &quot;convenience store&quot; was anything but that, it was not open once during our three day stay. I must say that when we called for extra towels, (they gave us 3 for the 4 people staying in the room) they came immediately. It is a convenient location, within walking distance to downtown and the metro. In all honesty, it was ok... I am sure they could be a 4 star hotel IF you can actually use the amenities they advertise.	
Mar 14 2006 	Great deal	I stayed at the Nouvel while attending a conference at Concordia University. The hotel's location was very convenient for the conference, but was also within easy walking distance (2 blocks) of a metro stop and the shopping on St. Catherine Street. I even walked to Old Montreal, though that was a bit further.The hotel was very clean and the rooms had all of the amenities, including decent (Neutrogena) toiletries and a refridgerator and microwave. Plus there's free wireless throughout the hotel. And the staff was really helpful! They didn't bat an eye at my requests for both early check-in and late check-out. The business center was being remodelled while I was there, but I needed to print a few things; they were happy to print them using the printer at the front desk. And they called cabs and provided maps and directions, sometimes before it had even occurred to me to ask them to do so.	
Oct 15 2005	Don't eat at the restaurant	The hotel was fine and conveniently located two blocks from the Metro and close to the Gare Central. A word of warning about the restaurant in the hotel...I ordered chicken and it was raw inside. I ordered a well done steak as a substitute &amp; it was served medium rare. There are plenty of excellent restaurants in Montreal. Just don't eat here unless you like chicken sushi.	
Sep 22 2005 	Exceeded expectations	I stayed at the Nouvel hotel for 2 weeknights. I had never heard of this hotel and the price wasn’t that high, so I didn’t have great expectations… but I left quite satisfied with my stay there.The standard room I was in was on the second floor, was *very* large and in quite good condition (aside from a torn blanket). The king-sized bed had nice linens, the bathroom was clean and had decent quality soaps. The ice machine was not functioning in the hall – although this might have been a plus noise-wise as it was next to my door.I could not hear the adjoining rooms nor the busy street outside - something which I really appreciate in a hotel.There is a tiny gym in the basement with a few machines which I used once. I wouldn’t want to be in there with more than a couple of other people – but I was by myself and it didn’t appear to be used that much.Location-wise, it is easy to get to next to the Ville-Marie expressway (720). It is a couple of blocks from the action on St. Catherine street. Other hotels are situated better perhaps, but this hotel is quite a bit less expensive.The hotel is close to the Bell Centre arena (Home of the Canadiens) and felt safe day or evening. Staff were friendly enough and appeared professional.I would recommend this hotel.	
May 14 2005	Great Hotel!	We just came back from a 3 day trip to Montreal where we stayed at Le Nouvel Hotel. After staying at a crampt Days INN in Toronto, we were pleasently suprised when we arrived at Le Nouvel. The staff (two females) were extremely friendly at all times, including when my girlfriend and i were trying to find a place to eat. On two seperate occasions the staff sat down with us and showed us on a map exactly how to get where we were going. The rooms were large, clean, and very quiet considering we were facing a busy street. We parked in the outdoor lot beside the hotel and had absolutly no problems. This hotel is in a great location, only 3 blocks from the Metro station and only a few blocks from Crescent street and St. Catherine, (where many bars/resteraunts are located). Some people are commenting on the size of the bathrooms being small. I'm not sure what hotels these people are staying at, but our bathroom was about what you'd except. It was clean and very bright. Our room also included a large TV and sitting area with sofa. The AC worked well and kept the room comfortable. All in All I agree with what one poster stated before, if you want a clean room in a great section of town that provides for a good starting point in the morning, stay here. If you are going to spend most of your time in your hotel, stay at the Sheraton.	
Apr 3 2005	good times	I spent three nights in a room and was satisied with size and how clean it was. The comedy club was hilarious and the bar was good for the pre game. It is close to all the local hot spots, cheers, peels pub, mad hatter, even hard rock is right down the road. I recommend for its pricing and comfort.	
Nov 2 2004	Stay at this hotel	If you are going to Montreal to spend time in your hotel room--then don't stay at this hotel. If you are going to Montreal to actually SEE Montreal, I highly reccommend staying at this hotel and saying the extra money for entertainment/shopping/sight seeing...which is what most people actually go to Montreal for.I read the reviews for this hotel before I went, and some of them were really bad. I just spent the weekend there, and for the price I paid I would go back in a second. Sure its not the Sheraton, but it is clean, comfortable, and very affordable. I did not spend much time in the hotel (i.e. i did not eat in the restaurant, did not go to the comedy club, did not use the gym facilities, etc.) because I went to Montreal to do things in Montreal, not in my hotel. I did take a look at the restaurant and it didn't appeal to me. This however, did not change my mind about the hotel, as it is a fairly &quot;neutral&quot; hotel and therefore I was not expecting to see a fine-dining restaurant.The room is very spacious and clean. Try and get a view facing the street. I had no problems with parking. Very reasonable price and you can go in and out all day without having to pay over and over.The staff will help you, but they are not there as tour guides. Other reviews have complained about the lack of help and professionalism from the staff. I did not see this. It makes sense to plan your trip ahead of time and know what it is that you want to do, rather than take the time up of people at reception.I rated this hotel 3 stars because even though I really enjoyed this hotel, it would technically be rated 3 stars given its no-frill layout and design. However, in terms of location and price...I would give it a 5 star.	
Oct 7 2004	Plenty of other choices	My job permits me to travel all over North America to promote action selling and I have to say this is just a very disorganized and under managed hotel where know one cares to service you or respond to the clients needs. Cleanliness was at least average and the rooms were big enough but the staff was just awful. Management should remember that they belong to the service industry and proper training for there staff is very profitable. To refuse to help a client because they rather talk on the phone or to another employee is wrong. To accuse a client of eating the towels when he/she calls down for extra ones, is wrong. To tell a client that &quot;we are not your slaves&quot;, is very wrong. Now , if middle management sets these examples I'm sure the rest of the staff will follow. Unfortunately I have sent a letter of complaint to the higher management and no one responded there fore proving the point that they have set an example for there employee's. I know for next time.	
Aug 26 2004	Good quality for the price	I have stayed here twice, once in May04 and again in August. For the price, the service was good, room was clean and no major complaints. The parking stiuation is a little strange and difficult to get through the parkling lot. Some of the cars look like they have been there for years, covered in dust.This is a good choice if you are looking for a decent hotel close to Cres. St. The staff are friendly and helpful. The first time I stayed they had no double rooms left and I was upgraded to a suite. My only issue is the bathrooms are small but how much time are you going to spend in your room anyway!	
Aug 15 2004	function first	We travel a lot in business hotels and have stayed in some of the best in North America. This is a hotel of function. Large enough room, small bathroom, no frills...eg. larger towels. Maintence is a bit behind, but they appear to be working on the public areas. Room with breakfast is ok for the price, but charging for children to stay in the room seems unreasonable, but it's common. Friendly enough staff, but unwilling to confirm reservation by e-mail. Likely will chose more upscale hotel next time, and forgo the breakfast to stay at the Sheraton.	
Jul 30 2004	Parking facilities	Warning...don't park your car in the secure/camera survellanced &quot;Le Nouvel Hotel&quot; underground garage. Our car was broken into by smashing a rear window and taking a portable VCR player (hidden under a newspaper). We were never notified of the incident and discovered it at checkout 3 days later. Five cars had a similar problem the same night. At the front desk we were instructed to go to Police Headquarters and fill out a report. The hotel management never appeared and not one small &quot;I'm sorry this happened&quot; was uttered.	
Jun 25 2004	Very Nice Hotel	Stayed at Le Nouvel Hotel last night and found the place to be on par or even above most other hotels I`ve stayed in, no problems at all.I had a king-sized bed, cable tv, and air conditioning... The room was fairly big, and aside from a small stain on the carpet the room was very clean. There were 2 beautiful women working the front desk, fully bilingual and very helpful, which was nice after a full day of air-travel. Granted it was a Thursday night and not busy, but I had no problems checking in.My only complaint would be that the bathrooms are a bit small, otherwise it's a nice hotel situated only about 3 blocks from Cresent street and all it's entertainment.	
May 27 2004	Great spot in Montreal	I stayed at Le Nouvel Hotel this past long weekend with my girls. I read the reviews before I went and I must say that the people who had a bad experience I feel for, but my experience was the complete opposite. The staff were friendly (especially the male staff); when I requested more towels I got towels in less than two minutes. The room was clean and pleasantly decorated (not chic, but not tacky). The washroom was spotless and the linens clean which are the two most important things for me. The best thing about the hotel is the location. It's just around the corner from Crescent street and St. Catharine (the entertainment and shopping havens) and only a $5-10 cab to St. Laurent. For those of you considering staying at the Quality Suites on Crescent street -- BEWARE!! It costs a bit more than Le Nouvel Hotel and you could see, feel and smell the brothel-like mist that floats around this run-down hotel. If you want a clean room, better price and relatively same location (and no creatures of the night!) stay at Le Nouvel Hotel. It's not the Ritz, but it's a great place on a budget. I would stay again in a second even if I'm not on a budget!Oh and when you get to Montreal, remember you want the Nouvel Hotel not the Novetel (right around the corner). Tres confusing!	
May 6 2004	Bad staff	I would not recommend this hotel. I reserved an executive room through Tourism Montreal and upon check in, the staff would not honor the rate quoted by the tourism office of Montreal. The boss finally showed up to the desk and realized they would not get away with it and he finally accepted the reservation, after 20 minutes of discussion and blatantly telling me 'we would never accept such rate but it the tourism office'. At that point in time, I was ready to leave. The room I ended up with was average but the AC was not functioning nor the hairdryer. Have been to Montreal 5 times since and have never stayed there. 	
Nov 26 2003	Excellent value	This hotel was a great value. Extremely spacious rooms and a very courteous staff and less than half the price of the Sheraton down the road.	
Oct 1 2003	Be careful with your cc ...	Although the hotel itself seemed to be clean and well kept , the stuff wasn't knowledgeable or friendly, especially about their web based reservations. They made triple reservations under the same person's name, double charged the patrons for the same hotel rooms and they put ridiculous , unauthorized amounts on hold on their credit cards with no explanations what so ever. I would never, ever stayed at this place again, too much of a headache to deal with after the checking out.	
Sep 23 2003	Great Hotel in Montreal	I travel frequently to Montreal for work and I have always stayed at Le Nouvel Hotel. The hotel is clean, the staff is very friendly. The rooms are large and the ones on the street side have a nice view. The hotel is centrally located in downtown Montreal. You can walk to the Bell Centre to catch a hockey game and you are only one block south of St. Catherine street which is the main shopping district. All in all in the hotel is very nice and one that I will continue to visit. I just wish they had hi-speed internet access in the rooms. They do have a business center with PC's that are connected to a broadband connection but their use is an additional fee.	
Oct 31 2008 	Quand même bien		
Feb 19 2007	Beau séjour		
