Nov 13 2009 	Good for a one night stay.	Awarded this on Priceline. A Dorval Airport property. The first thing I look for, once I've gotten past basic safety, cleanliness, and decor, is the availability of a convenient electrical outlet for my laptop. This renovated room fails the test -- no electrical plug by the bed, none along the wall beside the bed. Fortunately, I brought an extension cord and was able to jerry rig some power from the electrical plug built-in to the desk light. I'm using it to write this review. The wireless internet signal is strong (I'm on the 5th floor), and there's no sign-in mumbo-jumbo to go through.The room is clean and functional, but small. The bathroom is also quite small. Not what you usually associate with the Crowne Plaza brand. The only chair in the room is the desk chair -- the room is probably too small for an easy chair, so it's not great for curling up with a book, or watching TV from a comfortable chair. For those of you bringing your earthly treasures, there's an in-room safe. There also appears to be a locked honor bar. And, there's a bottle of something on the bed. Inspection reveals that it is a bottle of linen mist, presumably for inducing some kind of aromatherapeutic state prior to slumber.The carpets in the hallway are a strangely disturbing red-grey combo with some circley things along one side only. Do not attempt to navigate the hallway while intoxicated or on strong medications. Perhaps the in-room linen mist helps overcome the disorientation caused by walking the hallway.In the elevator waiting area, there's a blast of air from a vent in the wall that easily equals the ones used to dry a car in a car wash. I mean, the artificial tree is swaying in the breeze, and the pages of the top newspaper in the pile of newspapers are blowing.That's about it. There's a flat-screen TV on the wall; you can use it to watch the Canadian curling championships.	
Sep 17 2009 	Good hotel for a one night stay	As far as Crowne Plaza's go this is not one of their best properties; however, it is a good hotel if you need to stay close to the Montreal airport for a night or two.This hotel was previously the Sheraton Four Points and it looks like Crowne Plaza refurbished the hotel as best they could but it really isn't up to the usual Crowne Plaza property standards. To be honest, there are parts of the hotel that remind me of a motor inn or motel.I was in Montreal for business and needed to spend one night close to the airport. When I got into my room I immediately went to set up my laptop so I could catch up on some work. I noticied that there was no internet cable on the desk (and I had forgotten mine) so I called down to the front desk to ask if they had a cable that I could borrow or &quot;rent&quot;. I was advised that they did not have any cables and that the hotel did not even offer in-room internet service. I asked if the business centre was open but was told that it was closed due to construction. I think the front desk clerk could hear the stress in my voice so she offered me the use of one of their back office PC's. I needed to get some work done so I gladly accepted.When I went down to the lobby I was quickly escorted into the back offices and allowed to use one of their computers. The clerk apologized for the lack of internet in the room and asked me if everything else was okay with the room. I thought that was very nice of her. There was another employee who heard me talking with the front desk clerk and also apologized for the inconvenience. At that time I was advised that there was a functioning PC in the business centre and that I could use it if I wanted to. Again, I thought that the offer was very kind. This same employee asked if she could get me anything to drink and I eventually accepted a bottle of water. Again, very thoughtful and a nice touch. Turns out that this other employee was the hotel's General Manager.The GM told me that the entire hotel is hooked up for wi-fi so if you've got that on your laptop then you're good to go.I really didn't use a lot of the hotel's facilities; however, the breakfast buffet was of poor quality and if you can avoid it and grab a bite somewhere else it will be worth it. There's not much around the hotel in the way of breakfast restaurants so you may have to eat at the hotel.The service in the hotel was good and some of the staff remembered me from a previous trip.	
Sep 2 2009 	Would Go Back	The hotel was all good with the service, pool for my son, &amp; even a bus stop right in front of the hotel.But the only flaw was the menu for dinner &amp; supper time was not the best suited for children.	
Aug 10 2009 	Excellent staff meeting every guest's needs	We checked in to our room with an adjoining door &amp; could hear nearly every word from the next room, including the coughing fit a man was having. Immediately we called the front desk to get us another room. We were in our new room within 5 minutes. The rooms were beautifully decorated without a flaw. Our room had plenty of space with a great view of the airport &amp; city lights @ night. The halls were exceptionally quiet! This is the quietest &amp; prettiest hotel stay I have had. Every question we had was answered quickly, professionally &amp; was just the answer we wanted to hear. Great staff, beautiful facility &amp; quiet halls! Definitely worth many more stays!	
Aug 8 2009 	Renovated Luxurious bargain	The Sheraton four points has recently re-branded and renovated as the Crown Plaza. The improvements are really nice. The pool still has the long slide for the kids. The rooms now feature nice modern bedding and pillows and flat screen TV's. Recommended.	
Jul 9 2009 	A functional hotel convenient for the airport	This hotel is good from a functional point of view - ie if you need to be close to Montreal airport. 'It is located in the middle of a cultural desert, surrounded by major roads and warehouse parks, so the guy who found it perfect for a Valentine's Day stay obviously didn't get out of the room much.The refurbished rooms are nice, bathrooms a bit small. The unrefurbished restaurant is well past its sell-by date. If you want to use their wireless internet, ask for a room on a lower floor - the signal is very weak on floor 8. Worth phoning to negotiate a room rate - a guy came in off the street while I was waiting in the lobby and agreed a rate far lower than my internet rate from the hotel's website (which was cheaper than any of the other cheap agencies).	
Feb 15 2009 	Very Nice	My Girlfriend and I booked a POINTS stay at this Crowne for what we hoped would be a nice Valentines Getaway. The rebovated rooms on the Priority club level were perfect for this stay. The Flat screen tv worked as expected ,(everyone has flat screens now so it was kind of expected). The lighting was wonderful with reading lights on each side of the bed. The staff was wonderful, very friendly and always helpful.The only down side to our stay was the lack of snack machines on any floor I looked on , and the ice machine being only on the odd numbered rooms.	
Jan 13 2009 	Wonderful Experience	Really enjoyed my stay. Beautiful new rooms and comfortable beds... The rooms have just been renovated and iloved the plasma TV's. The staff was really friendly and helped to find things to do in the area in the evening. I really enjoyed my stay and will definately stay there again the next time I have to go to Montreal.	
