	Great price and location not so great service and cleaniness	I will start off with saying you can't beat the location for the price. The rooms were great with a kitchenette and a decent TV and fantastic view of Old Montreal. The only issues I had with the hotel were: One, there were dirty dishes still in the sink and a duster on the floor when we arrived in the room. Two the cleaning staff just walked in without knocking and then just stood there as if waiting for us to leave.Aside from the cleaning ladies that were rude, the front desk staff were friendly and helpful.I would stay there again, but check that the room has been cleaned an leave your 'do not disturb' sign on at all times if you want privacy.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great value	Le 1 Rene Levesque may be a little basic, but it offers brilliant value for money. The rooms are clean, comfortable and well equipped. The location is good with a choice of metro stations all just short walk away, and the downtown area of the city also accessible on foot. We would have rated this hotel as a 5, but it was slightly let down by the service - we waited almost 15 minutes to check in on the Sunday evening, I wouldn't have expected this to be a busy time. Perhaps we were just unlucky as we had to wait behind two very fussy/difficult customers.	
Oct 15 2009 	Exactly As Advertised	I just returned home from a 4 night trip to Montreal where I stayed at Le 1 Rene Levesque. As the title of my review says, the hotel is exactly as advertised on their website. It is a very basic, but also a very clean hotel. The room may have been small but I value cleanliness and this hotel delivered on that. I did my research before booking this place and I must say, other hotels in this price range were horribly outdated and unkept. Here are a few things that really stood out about this hotel:(1) Very clean and modern(2) Nice TV with channels in both English and French(3) Free high-speed internet connection(4) Good-size bathroom(5) Refrigerator inevery room(6) Comfortable bed(7) Large windows that open for fresh air(8) Short walk to Old Montreal and St. Catherine St (plenty of resturaunts and bars nearby)Here are a couple things that you may want to take into consideration before booking:(1) The room really is very small, so if you are considering spending a lot of time in the room relaxing, I would consider another place(2) Our room was on the 4th floor facing a park behind the hotel...while this was nice during the day, at night it was noisy with seedy people - druggies etc. Consider getting a room on an upper floor to ensure a quiet's night sleep(3) Because its such a great price, dont expect any other amenities that you might find at other hotels.Overall, if I were to come back to Montreal, I would stay here again. Also, just a note about the city itself...while the city is certainly steeped in history and clean...I must admit that I was taken-back by the amount of homeless people and druggies wondering around the streets. In the evening, it was not uncommon for me to literally see people shooting up right there in plain view on major streets. While I never felt threatened by them, it did deter from the overall charm of the city. Also, make sure you park your car in a secure parking lot...walking around each morning I noticed more than a few cars with broken-out windows. Lastly, families travelling up to Montreal with children should consider the fact that explicit sex-shops are all along St. Catherine St. Considering that many of the city's restaurants and shops are along this street, this may be a factor in planning your trip. If this is a concern for anyone, consider travelling the extra distance up to Old City Quebec -- you cant beat the experience! PS - Make sure you enjoy some of the Canadian beer, esp Borealis!	
Oct 14 2009 	Amazing view!	I am afraid that by giving this hotel an excellent review, rates will go up! After reading all the reviews here and on another travel site, I just expected a place to crash and that's it. I didn't even think I'd get towels the way some people were talking. But no! I had everything I needed and more! My bed was extremely comfortable (just a single, but I was alone), especially after the extremely courteous housekeeper brought me a nice fluffy pillow. There is basic soap and shampoo that will get you by, a hair dryer and kitchen utensils. My room had a TV but no clock-radio so maybe bring an alarm if you need one. There is a lovely patio facing toward downtown with tables and chairs. One reviewer complained about the noise. Once the windows are closed you don't hear a thing, and it is surprisingly quiet for being within a block radius of two hospitals. The best part of the experience was the view. Absolutely stunning. I had a corner room on the top floor facing Old MTL and Chinatown and I could see the river and both the Cartier and Champlain bridges. It has no art on the walls, but that is generally crappy, and no carpet on the floor hiding some weird foot fungus. Just bare bones. But for comfort, amenities, view and the extremely pleasant staff, this hotel gives you way more than you pay for!	
Oct 8 2009 	Clean but sparse	We chose this hotel because of the positive reviews, but I was unimpressed upon arrival. The hotel is an old dormitory and they didn't do much to change the style, that's for sure. Our rooms were very clean and the view was very beautiful, but the room lacked a bureau or a carpet. The furniture is wicked cheap. The TV was SMALL and too far away from the bed to watch it form there. There is NO WIRELESS Internet in the building and the computer lab has 4 terminals, 3 chairs, and runs IE6.The location is great -- near the green and orange metro stops and next to China town, but this is NOT the place for a honeymoon.	
Oct 1 2009 	Shockingly dirty and bad service	We had a terrible time at this hotel. The hotel itself was fine but our entire room was washed with a dirty cloth (it seemed) so there was a layer of grease on EVERYTHING - including the DISHES! They were smeared with the same disgusting grease as the toilet seat.When we complained, we were told that our room would not be cleaned. We had booked for three nights, but they said that their policy was just to clean before guests arrived and only provide clean towels in the room, and a quick tidying, after that.And unfortunately we even had to call down to get those! No one ever came back to even tidy our room.The hotel is not cheap. We expected affordable and clean, but not fancy.I would emphasize to anyone not to stay here. You can definitely find better for your money!	
Oct 1 2009 	Different than I expected	I traveled to Montreal for the first time to attend a business conference – The convention hotels in typical fashion, were booking for rates of $250 and higher, so I opted for a less expensive option. The hotel is an apartment/hotel, so there are full-time residents (who appear to be college students). It is clean, has nice curb appeal, and it is situated on the corner of Boulevard Rene-Levasque and Boulevard Saint-Laurent – it is close to a metro stop, easy walking to the Palis de Congress, and across the street from the Chinatown Gate. However, directly behind the hotel is a shady little park with shady little characters. While most of the neighborhood is graffiti free, their artistic and creative efforts are directed at the walls surrounding the park. The park, on Boulevard Saint-Laurent is a neighborhood in transition. The first two blocks behind the hotel are a mixed bag of small sex shops in a mini-red light district, complete with the gawkers who frequent these locations. However, once you get past these two short blocks, Saint Laurent opens up to cafes, shops, creative art spaces and a more dynamic and eclectic community. The hotel is a converted storage building for the College of Montreal, and was renovated in to a hotel two years ago. The hotel is modern minimalist, however the modern minimalist approach doesn’t appear to be modern-durable, as the furniture already shows signs of wear. The ikea-style furniture in my room looks good, but as a mover once told me – you can only move it once. If I had a hex-wrench and some time on my hands, I could have disassembled my entire room. My only serious complaint, and I almost hate to say this, was the internet connection – hardwire to the wall, not wireless. The cord is a $10 refundable deposit, however, the connection, was behind the wardrobe cabinet and could only reach the bed, if you put the computer on the very edge. The cord was not long enough to reach the desk. It was as if the furniture was in the wrong place. As I mentioned, for a two-year old hotel, it is already showing signs of wear – paint peeling on the ceiling, paint peeling on the baseboards, chips on the edges of the laminate kitchenette. Not all is bad, I do high compliment the hotel for cleanliness, the views of downtown (I was on the 9th floor), friendly and very efficient staff, and overall value. It’s a comfortable hotel, maybe better suited for a younger traveler who hasn’t yet been spoiled by years of staying at full-service hotels.	
Sep 27 2009 	Awful	I have stayed in hundreds of hotels around the world and consider this to be one fo the worst of all time. When we arrived one elevator wasn;t working so we had to lug suitcases up 11 (ELEVEN !!) flights of stairs. The rooms were sparce, not cleaned properly (nor were they on each consecutive morning), the staff we not so bad on reception and the location adjacent to China town were the only lus points. The beds and bedding were uncomfortable, no facilities for food or drink within the hotel - only a supermarket built in downstairs. Very disappointing.	
Sep 25 2009 	Ignore all the bad reviews - Fantastic!!!!	We enjoyed everything about this hotel from the outdoor patio, 24 hour store that is attached (including beer), kitchenette, staff, room, location and price. You could not ask for a better location it is waking distance to everything you want to see and do in Montreal including Old Montreal, museums, and the best shopping and dining you could imagine!!I loved this hotel and would not stay anywhere else.	
Sep 25 2009 	Sound cleangood value great location great facilities-good choice	If you can get a room on a higher floor do so to avoid any road noise, even though it should not be too much a of an issue at lower levels. Excellent facilities for the price, I was amazed to have my own kitchenette :) . I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 21 2009 	Amazing little find	I headed from Calgary to Montreal for a few days of business and a few days of just being a tourist. The location was close to work and the price was sure right. I figured for $65/night not to expect much.My 8 night stay was wonderful. The employees could not have been nicer, the room though VERY basic was perfect for someone who wants to spend more time checking out the town than lounging in an expensive room!The only down fall, to be honest, was the cleaning of the room was unreliable to say the least. Out of 8 nights my room was not cleaned at all twice, and 4 times I got no shampoo or soap. However, a quick mention of this to the front desk got them making sure I had enough soap, shampoo and coffee. Everytime I passed the desk they always asked if I had enough coffee :)I'd not only stay here again, but I'd readily recommend it to anyone going to Montreal. I had the very basic room with a single bed and desk. Still my room had a lovely kitchenette and a beautiful flat screen TV (that I rarely turned on because I was out seeing the city).The location cannot be beat. Walk to Old Montreal, Notre Dame, the Old Port and subway stations. I was able to easily walk daily to Rue Metcalfe every day for work (took under 30 minutes)	
Sep 14 2009 	you can certainly do better in Montreal	I was delighted to find a room at the last minute on Labor Day weekend. The price was right (85$cdn/night). The service by e-mail and over the phone was pleasant.However, when I checked in, there were little bothersome details. The air-conditioning didn't work. And the ethernet cable didn't actually reach from the plug to the desk. The cable arrived, but for the air, I waited. And despite assurances that some one was coming, I waited. Even though I said that I would have to go out at a particular time, I waited more. I spoke to four different people, and finally when I showed up in the lobby with my bags packed, I was efficiently whisked to another room.The rooms themselves are very plain, small, functional ex-dorm type with chipped basic furniture, unplastered ceilings, and a bare bones kitchenette. They were basically clean (except for the fossilized grease on the kitchen knife). Cleaning during my stay was haphazard however. One day I didn't get any soap, so I used my own. The next day my (nice, clearly non-hotel) soap was thrown out, and replaced with little disposable ones. But that only happened when I called at 7 pm because, after a day out, my room still hadn't been made up, despite the &quot;please clean room&quot; sign on the door.Another detail: there is only one elevator per stairwell, which means that when some rude guest holds the doors, there is no ther way up. (I didn't feel like walking up 11 floors.) When it came time to check out, there was a single person behind the desk, doing his best to serve the ten people lined up in front of him (and another dozen or so strewn across the lobby, waiting for their rooms to become available).The hotel is conveniently located for Place des Arts and the Village, across the street from Chinatown and a short stroll from Old Montreal. However, this particular corner of Saint-Laurent and René-Lévesque is also the hangout for kids looking for some change for their next high, drunks looking for their next drink and a bit further up, ladies of the night looking for company. I come from a very urban milieu and understand that sometimes the most interesting parts of a city's fabric can be on its margins, but I resent having to dogde unsavory crowds to get into my own front door.Was it awful? No. Would I go back? No. Next time for the same price or less, I'll be getting a b&amp;b in the village (or a self-catering flat around the plateau if I want to be able to cook).	
Sep 10 2009 	Art deco meets No Frills comfort	If you are looking for a no-frills place to stay and on a budget, then this is the place to stay. Very basic room with a small fridge and sink in the bedroom. The room had a bed, desk, and cubicles for your clothes. No closet or iron. Front desk staff is bilingual (French and English). Lobby also had a 24hr convenience store for impulse buying. Hotel is within walking distance of Old Montreal. Public transportation is only a few blocks away.The view from our 11th floor room was great... had a view of downtown and Mont Royal Park. Internet access is available for a small deposit for the cat 5 cable. This was refunded at the end of our stay.	
Sep 8 2009 	Like a dorm room but that's really all you need	The 1 de Rene-Levesque is a very different hotel. It feels much more like a dorm room than anything else. There is no carpet at all in the hotel, and the rooms are small and basic; a bed, a TV, a bathroom. One really nice thing is that there is a kitchenette in each room, with an oven, sink, microwave, and fridge. This made it easy for me to pick up some food at the IGA in the Complex Desjardins and heat it up later.The central location is great, I went to Chinatown for the first time while at this hotel and it was awesome. It's also close to the St. Laurent station on the green line of the metro and to the orange line too. Old Montreal is very close too. Definitely would stay there again!	
Sep 7 2009 	Affordable rates great room.	We stayed here for three nights in early September. My partner and I aren't fancy travelers, so we weren't too perturbed that the hotel did not include room service or a pool. The room that we stayed at was a standard suite with a double bed. The room was spotless when we arrived and was cleaned thoroughly on a daily basis. The room included a kitchenette with a mini fridge, microwave, coffee maker and stove, which proved useful because we were able to make some of our meals. A tip for those planning to stay here is to bring your own pots and bottle opener as it is not provided, although they provide plates, cups and cutlery. The room also has a plasma tv and more importantly, free wired internet! The hotel is within a convenient walking distance to Chinatown, Old Montreal and St. Catherine. There is even a 24 hour convenient store located in the lobby. The closest Metro stations are Place Des Armes and St. Catherine. The front desk staff were quite pleasant and helpful. About the only drawback I can think of about this hotel is the lack of dedicated parking spots. There is an outdoor lot located across the street, but hotel staff told us that theft has been known to occur, so suggested an underground lot located on St. Urbain. Their rates were more than reasonable at $10 per day and it is still within walking distance to the hotel. The next time we come to Montreal, we will definitely stay here again. It is not a 3 star hotel by any means, but suited our travel needs perfectly.	
Aug 22 2009 	outstanding experiance and staff	I was blown away by how nice the staff and conditions of the hotel were.Everything far surpassed my my expectations.Unfortunately a situation back home cut short my vacation,and the staff understood and were very accomidating.The room was clean and while very basic,suited my needs perfectly.I certainly will be staying again.	
Aug 17 2009 	Does what it says on the label	The hotel appears to be an office building at first - don't be fooled. It's not your avergae hotel. The rooms are plain and simple but very clean. They have a kitchenette hob and microwave and ensuite bathroom and are serviced daily. They have flat screen TVs and a fridge. Staff at reception are very helpful, enthusiatic and pleasant (thanks in particular to Serge and Joel). There is a store within the hotel that sells some basic foods and liquor, it is open 24 hours. So expect a sort of upgraded student's unit really. For me it was perfect and the location was excellent. Perfect for a solo traveller or a couple that is looking for a simple, clean environment...Highly recommended.	
Aug 16 2009	Great location at an affordable price	I used Booking.com to make the reservation. Originally I made a reservation for just my wife and I but we decided to take my Mum along. Changing the reservation was a bit of a pain in the neck, and when we arrived at the hotel, we discovered that the reservation hadn't been changed. The chap at the reception desk admitted that the mistake was made by the hotel and not by Booking.com. They managed to find another room for us, a larger room with 2 double beds. They gave us this room at the same rate as the single Queen room we already had. This was satisfactory, but we wondered why the double room was offered at a higher rate because the view was terrible and the television was tiny. The single queen had a great view and a large flat screen t.v. The best thing about this hotel is the location. We were able to walk to nearly ever place we wanted to see. The FrancoFolies festival was on, and we could easily get to all the concerts on foot. I'll definitely stay at this hotel next time I'm in Montreal.	
Aug 14 2009 	Exactly as advertised - would go back	Montreal is a wonderful city. Eye opening. This hotel I booked after doing my research. In my opinion, it came exactly as advertised. The location is, for Old Montreal, nearly perfect (an easy 10 minute walk through ChinaTown east). Its an easy 15 min walk to Montreal Central Station. Rue Catherine (one block over) is, if its your cup of tea, were much of the night action occurs. You dont hear it/see it unless you specifically wonder off in that direction. Room was bare but functional. Bed was fine. I had a flat screen TV but didn't watch it. Would imagine the kitchen in the room would help but I didn't use it. I'd been expecting that. Hotel itself was quiet/i didn't hear neighbours. The shop attached to it had a few interesting characters in it each time I popped in but don't worry: you need to swipe your hotel card to get into the hotel. O/wise no entry. And the cashier keeps a v close eye on things. Reception was neither esp friendly or unfriendly. I had no problems with them. The one thing I will say is they do NOT take American Express. Wanted to mention that. Also, tourist literature is alittle light on. No matter walk a block or two south into the Hyatt. Plenty there. Or else the information place in Old Montreal has more than you'll know what to do with. All in all, a v solid, budget experience. I'd probably go back. Improvement idea? High speed internet. Wld make life alot easier.	
Aug 12 2009 	Clean...Clean...Clean	This Hotel is exceptionally clean, I stayed there for 6 days and definitely enjoyed my stay. The room is very contemporary with no carpet and minimalist furnishings. I liked it because for a moderately priced room the worries over bugs were diminished due to the lack of carpet and other soft surfaces. I really liked the location as I could walk anywhere I needed to go. There is shopping, food, the Metro and walking distance to the Via Station. I'll definitely stay here again on my next visit and I'm already planning it. I almost forgot to mention a Couche Tarde is on the main floor which means you don't need to leave the Hotel to buy beer,wine or coolers ;-)	
Aug 12 2009 	DON'T DO IT!	The service offered by this hotel was utterly despicable. The room appeared to be clean upon checked-in. However, during the first 15 minutes I had opened the window. It was evident that there were numerous spiders lurking outside of the window. There was one spider that was substantially larger than the rest and had successfully created a web that covered the entire window. I had tried to remove the spider myself, but I was unable to do so. I had contacted the staff at the front desk; they had verified that someone would come within 15 minutes of my complaint to resolve this. I was checked-in for 2 nights, no one came to check on the room nor did the spiders move. On the second day, I noticed that there were dead spiders and bugs both in the room as well as in the bathroom. I had also left the indication sign on the door so that the housekeepers can clean the room. I came back to the room that evening, it was evident that the bed was remade using the same sheets, the same towels were folded and replaced on the racks and there was no soap replaced in the washroom. I truly believe that this service is unacceptable, whereby the maintenance is unhygienic and the front line staff/ overall hotel management leaves complaints unresolved. Ultimately, I would not recommend this hotel under any circumstance.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great Find Great Price	On a budget and having to find a place to stay for 7 nights is never easy. After spending an afternoon on online researching hotels on Trip Advisor, I came across 1 Rene Levesque.All the reviews were positive and when I saw the price, I had to book it. All the reviews were bang on with their comments. Trip Advisor is the best place on the net to find helpful and honest info. I always use it when planning a trip and so far, have not been disappointed.I stayed on the 6th floor with a view to Chinatown. You can hear the street noise but it's nothing one can't tune out. The room was exactly as the picture on the website showed. I walked in and checked out the bathroom. Decent size immaculate! The main area has the queen bed and kitchenette. This was what sold me on the location sine I'm here for 7 nights. I wanted to be able to not always eat out. On the other side of the queen bed is a work bench infront of the large window. It's perfect! I spent my days working here with the free high speed internet. Bring your own ethernet cord as it's not wireless. The room I had also had an LCD tv mounted on the wall. I'm very happy with my selection. It's close to everything. One does not need a car staying here as I walked everywhere. 5 minutes from the Metro (subway) station and several bus routes. You are also in walking distance of Old Montreal east of the hotel and to your west, Eaton Centre is about 10 minutes away. Oh and you have access to a 24 store in the back of the hotel. I have nothing but good things to say about this hotel for $90/night!!!	
Aug 2 2009 	Would definitely stay here again	The location is fantastic and could not be more central in downtown Montreal, making this hotel a tremendous place for what you pay. The rooms are basically nice dorm rooms with a kitchenette, flat screen TV and double bed. Most tourist things to do are within walking distance (right across Chinatown). Internet is free (bring a cable or put a deposit on one) and it makes planning your trip beforehand much more convenient. There is a convenience store downstairs as well. There are a few strip joints and XXX venues relatively nearby.One small complaint was that the bed sheets were dirty when we checked in the first day. I asked for new bed sheets and they were brought up within minutes. Fantastic place!	
Jul 15 2009 	Best Bargain this year by far :-)	I can't say enough nice things about this place...super convenient to the Festival, right next door to Chinatown AND a 24 hour convenience store right on the ground floor. Although the rooms are really basic (think dorm-room) they're pretty clean, and at 65 $ a night., you just can't beat the price... (or you could go across the street to the Travelodge and pay 30 bucks more, for a smaller room of about 1/2 the size). and really ..... when you go to the City of Festivals*, how much time do you really want to spend in your hotel room?? *as the Jazz Festival wrapped it's final night on the 12th, there were streets being blocked off for the &quot;Nuits de Afrique&quot; festival which (according to the signage) was slated to begin on the night of the 13th, several blocks down on St. Catherine st,.The only downside was that the controls for the A/C didn't appear to work, then my wife says &quot;no problemo babe! the switch on the breaker panel works perfect&quot; and it did ... (left side bottom switch)so except for the rainy weather on 1 day of our trip (which I can't review here) between the awesome acts at this years Jazz Festival, and the shoes at 75% off (at the Aldo liquidation store) the great new food kiosks at the festival, and the recent renovating of buildings (specifically for the Jazz festival, The Balmoral is not to missed) out trip to Montreal was near ideal.	
Jul 15 2009 	Very good experience. Recommended	The hotel is located at the corner of Rene Levesque &amp; St Laurent, right across the entrance to Chinatown, very close to Vieux Montréal and the underground city (Place des Arts). Room is basic, but there is a kitchenette if you want to cook, internet connection (wired, need to ask for a cable at the front desk and leave a deposit). There is also a laundry-room (coin operated) in the 5th floor, and a 24-hour outlet (Couche-Tard) in the ground floor if you want to buy something. Very, very clean. Very quiet even though it was Summer and the Jazz Festival was on. Stayed 5 days for CAD 65-a-day (plus taxes). Only cons: I would like they have more comfy beds and thicker curtains, and if you want a TV you pay extra. Overall, very satisfied.	
Jul 13 2009 	The perfect place to stay!!!	My husband and i stayed at Le 1 Rene Levesque for three days during a road trip that took us to Montreal. It was the perfect place to stay: inexpensive, convenient, no frills but everything we needed. The kitchenette was great, in-room internet or the use of the computer lab down the hall was really nice, and the place was impeccably clean and quiet. It was perfectly located so that we could walk to nearly every neighborhood and attraction we wanted to see in Montreal. It has no parking, but there are a bunch of public lots nearby and we found a decent deal on an outdoor space. If I went back to Montreal, I wouldn't think of staying anywhere else!	
Jul 11 2009 	Basic accomodation but very convenient for the Jazz festival	I stayed there from July 6th 2009 for 4 nights. My room was on the fifth floor at the corner of Rene Levesque and St Laurent and it was quite a noisy experience. The traffic on Rene Levesque gets very heavy very early in the morning and I found it impossible to sleep past 7-7.30am so my advice is this: ask for a room at the back of the hotel. Other than that this hotel is excellent value for money, yes the decor is basic and the workmanship somewhat questionable but there is a well appointed kitchen area in the room which coupled with a very good supermarket 5 minutes away makes it ideal if you want/need to watch the food budget.	
Jul 7 2009 	Great hotel location and value.	I was pleasantly surprised at this hotel. I've to Montreal three times previously. To date this is the best location and hotel rate. The fancy extras are not included, but not missed at all! The location, cleanliness, helpful front desk, comfortable beds and convenience of kitchen ammenities all made up for the fancy extras. I would stay again at this hotel.	
Jun 30 2009 	Good deal nice rooms central for walking.	My husband and I rented a room in this hotel for a semi-romantic weekend getaway. Le 1 Rene Levesque was very clean, with nice, modern decor. The price was under $90 per night, and we &quot;splurged&quot; for the C suite. I would say it is probably worth it for the space. The room was clean and the linens and furniture were modern and new looking. The view out of our 11th floor room was very nice and the shades worked well at night. The AC was very adjustable and the room was nice and cool. All of the front desk gentlemen were friendly and helpful. There were no problems with our reservation or room. The location was central to so much. We walked to where the jazz fest was setting up, up St. Laurent to the nice restaurant strip, to Old Montreal and to the shopping area of St. Catharine. None of those took much more than 10 minutes each way. We even used the internet for free to look up things to do in the area, but brought our own ethernet cord because of another reviewers response. Here are the few and minor cons to this hotel: 1. Parking- there is no hotel parking. We parked our car at a meter right behind the hotel. It wasn't cheap, but it wasn't any more expensive than a garage. The next day, we moved our car one block over for free parking. There are lots nearby, but we're young and cheap and able to walk a few blocks. 2. Bathroom accessories: water pressure for a shower was pretty low. I mean, it was adequate, but it left something to be desired. The towels/washcloth/etc must've been the cheapest available. If you like nice, big towels, you might bring your own. The bath mat was paper, and there was no maid sent to clean our room... which we didn't mind because we only stayed 2 nights... but therefore we didn't get clean towels the next day. 3. Kitchenette- 2 place settings but no pans or cooking utensils. Originally the plan was to eat eggs for breakfast in the room to save money. We did use the little fridge to keep our coffee cream cool. 4. Location- though it was central and we felt comfortable walking the area, there is a sketchy little park right next door where there was some very obvious homelessness and drug activity. There was also some sex related shops that families might be uncomfortable walking by (not that you could see anything from the street..) The area was well patrolled by law enforcement and we never felt unsafe, even in the evening. If you are a solo traveler, you might feel more uneasy. There were other very small minor things that a 5 star hotel wouldn't have overlooked, such as: the TV was very far away from the bed, no headboard or footboard (I guess you could say it was the modern decor?) which made reading in bed more challenging, no people to carry your suitcase to your room, etc... though none of those things impacted our trip. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay and thought it was a good value for the money.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great Deal No Problems	For about $65/night in Downtown Montreal, walking distance to just about everything and with a private bathroom, you may be a bit suspicious. I certainly was, and was ready, from the start, to encounter some sort of &quot;Oh, that's why it's so cheap.&quot; But I really didn't. It's just cheap.The place has obviously been remodeled fairly recently, given the paint spots around the room. It's done in a boutique hotel style, with a hip lobby, hip elevator and no ceiling in the rooms (that's considered hip, for whatever reason).The hotel is located on the corner of Saint-Laurent and Rene Levesque, just outside of Chinatown and just next to a small but somewhat scummy red light district. You could walk up the hill through that RLD to the hip Plateau neighborhood (great restaurants), just across the street to Chinatown, or a couple of blocks over the autoroute to Old Montreal. It was a great location.I was given a 12th floor room that had a spectacular view of the St Lawrence, Chinatown and even Old Montreal. There was a small closet, a fairly large desk, a storage cabinet, a bed and the kitchen setup, which consisted of a mini-fridge, a stovetop, a microwave, a sink, a coffee maker and several cabinets. Utensils were basically a plate, two glasses, a coffee cup and a single silverware set. Very basic, but they were clean.There was also a thermostat in the room, which controlled the air-conditioning (this was June). The heating unit was behind the bed.The bed was a single (tiny) and could never have fit more than one, unless they had some sort of conjoinment. But I was just one, so it worked for me. It wasn't terribly comfortable but this was, after all, an excessively cheap hotel.The internet is wired, which is nice. The jack is on the wall by the desk (even nicer) on the same plate as the cable line.There is no TV in the room, but you can apparently rent one for $5/day.The bathroom was a pretty good size. Towels, soap and even shampoo were all provided.The staff was nice. They were always in suits and very, very serious (although Montrealers generally seemed a bit too serious). The front desk staff spoke English well, the maintenance staff did not, although I didn't need to deal with them. Check-in was fairly quick, except that it was necessary to do a pre-auth on my credit card instead of charging the whole stay, which is, in my experience, how it usually works. Therefore, upon check-out, I had to present my card again for the actual payment.Plenty of great places to eat around, especially just down Saint-Laurent on the Plateau, and some cheap stuff in Chinatown (the Vietnamese sandwiches there are great and very cheap). There's also Old Montreal, but this isn't the place to get into why that area sucks.There's a Metro station just down the street for the Green line, but it requires a walk through that RLD, which may not appeal to some (aside from being asked for money by people sitting, I was only approached by a hooker once). The next closest is, I believe, Place-d'Armes on the Orange line. The ViaRail/Amtrak station (Gare Central) is a good hike, but I did it with luggage in tow, and it didn't kill me. You can actually cut through a tunnel through an office building to get to it if it's cold or raining.It's really not necessary or a very good idea to bring a car while staying at this hotel. There's a lot across Rene Levesque that had overnight rates, but I didn't even want to know what they were. There are metered spaces on Saint-Laurent and a couple of other side streets where you could squeeze in after the enforcement stops. Just make sure you read the signs (which are, of course, completely in French), because they do street sweeping every so often.	
Jun 14 2009 	First class experience low low price	A great deal, service and friendliness are excellent. Close to everything, really. Groceries, coffee, restaurants, indoor mall, all within minutes of walking. The place is ultra clean, it is a dorm, really, but where else can you get a spotless place with fridge, microwave and burner for these prices? They even encouraged me bring my bike up to the room! Give it a try, a hotel like this should be supported for providing clean, affordable and friendly accomodations. Be prepared to find your own parking though, there are lots quite nearby, both indoor and out. Ask the front desk for a recommendation.	
Jun 8 2009 	Great Place to Stay in Montreal	Great service over all. We wanted a cab, they called one up right away and we went to Rue Crescent (where English speaking bars are) for about $10 CAD. The walk back was about 15 minutes.Hotel has a modern look, great view. Bed sheets were clean, so was the bathroom. It was quiet and I had a good night sleep, even though we were on a main street. There was a small TV, lots of cabinet space, big desk and sink. The temp. in the room is cold, but you need to know how to work the thermostat. I cranked mine up to 26C with no problem. One bad thing is no parking - you have to go a block or two to the underground one which will run you about $20CAD for night.	
Apr 16 2009 	Le 1 Rene Levesque hotel offers all the comforts of a 3-4 star hotel but without the spending guilt.	Our room had a stovetop, microwave and small fridge/freezer along with plenty of storage for groceries. The bed was quite comfortable and we had a lovely view of Old Montreal and Chinatown. The bathroom was small but had enough room to move around easily and was well stocked with soap, shampoo and towels. The highlight of the hotel is that it is extremely clean. I am often called a “neat-freak” so the fact that I was happy with the cleanliness says a lot. Le 1 Rene Levesque has a sleek modern design, yet still feels warm and comfortable. We were visiting Montreal to shop, eat, drink and explore and we were able to do all of these things by foot because of 1 Rene Levesque’s close proximity to the heart of downtown Montreal as well as Old Montreal. Le 1 Rene Levesque doesn’t provide linen spray, eye masks or shoe polishers. It doesn’t have a pool, wood furniture or fancy curtains (although there is a blind to block the light). It does, however, provide everything you NEED which is exactly what you pay for. So while luxurious is not necessarily a word I would use to describe Le 1 Rene Levesque, I will say that the cleanliness, location, convenience, and cost exceeded my standards and I will certainly return to this hotel every time I visit Montreal. There is simply no better value.	
Feb 20 2009 	Very Clean Great Location	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a weekend getaway and were pleasantly surprised. The room was immaculate and the bed was great ... I loved that the floors were linoleum and tile ... no dirty musty carpets ... just sparkling clean floors. We had a great view of Old Montreal and Chinatown (were even able to see a fireworks display that was happening in Old Montreal). We had more money for shopping, dinner out and sightseeing with the money we saved on the room (compared to a higher end hotel) and being able to make our own breakfast. Didn't miss not having a TV ... after all we went to enjoy the city not watch television. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 23 2008 	Never again	This was the worse experience we have had at any hotel anywhere.We were given a room on the ninth floor that faced St- Laurent blvd. The room was freezing cold when we checked in - 71.2 degrees. We cranked up heat in the room at 5:00 pm and left. We arrived back at the room at 1:00 in the morning and the room was still frozen. I went down to the front desk - he explained that I was doing it wrong and needed to push the increase heat then the on button.At 2:00 am the room was still frozen 71.4 degrees and we had given up on trying to get any sleep. A blend of obnoxious music from various clubs on St Laurent ensured that we could not get any sleep. I called the front desk and asked for a new room. He said he would call back in 5 minutes. I told him that I did not care if it was the same size room, it had to have heat and be quiet enough to get some sleep.We packed up and went to the front desk. (He had not called back within 5 minutes). He had found another room....again on the 9th floor. At least the room had heat but we still had the club noise keeping us up with lots of noise until they closed at 4:00 am.We live on the 8th floor in a city, we are used to city noise, but we do not expect loud club/disco music to keep us up.Another minor annoyance, we booked the studio room for $75 a night but were charged $90 for our awful experience. I informed the front clerk in the morning of the awful experience and the overcharging for the room. I was refunded $15 for being overcharged but no apology for the frozen room experience and the loud room when we specifically complained about the noise.We will never stay there again and recommend others who do not plan on partying until 4 am to stay there either!	
Sep 23 2008 	Loves it.	My two friends and I recently visited Montreal for the International Freeskiing Festival 2008 and stayed here. You really cannot find a better value for the price. Keep in mind, my friends and I are in our early 20s and we needed a reasonable place to stay on our roadtrip. The whole building was pretty new and overall had a modern decor. The building did used to house university students, so most of the furniture is dorm furniture, but the beds were comfortable and the room also had a stovetop, microwave, fridge, and kitchen sink. Our 12th floor view was beautiful and our room came with 2 single beds. They really didn't seem to care how many people were actually staying in the room. We had 3 people, but the room was pretty large so we didn't have any problems. There was a large deskspace, but be sure to bring an Ethernet cord if you want to use the internet. Otherwise, you have to go to the lounge on another floor. Overall, we had a great time at the festival and just having a kitchenette with a fridge was nice to make midnight snacks and keep our drinks cold. The location was perfect because it was right in between Rue de Bleury and Saint Laurent where all the events were. Everything was only a 10-minute walk away! Definitely would stay here again.	
Jul 10 2008 	Great inexpensive hotel in downtown Montreal!	Great three night stay in this hotel on the corner of Rene Levesque East and St. Laurent, 1 block from the Jazz Festival. It is a 12 story building that was built as student accomodation but is now a hotel. Very modern, newer building. Rooms start at around $75/night, including tax. Rooms have single beds (one or two, $10 per room for a third bed); kitchenette (fridge, sink, micro and cooktop); private ensuite bathroom (full tub with shower); central air conditioning (!) and heat ( individual controls in each room); telephone and daily maid service. The only thing the rooms do not have is a TV, nor is there any TV lounge. Our room was very clean with a tile floor in the bathroom and linoleum floor in the room (better than a nasty old rug). Huge wall to wall window overlooking Chinatown and Old Montreal and a perfect view (out of the side of the window) of the Saturday night fireworks. There is also a late night convenience store on the ground floor that you can access with your hotel key card from inside the lobby. Laundry room too. Nice staff. Location is great for the jazz festival, Old Montreal or downtown and the Metro is two blocks away. There is a mall 2 blocks away with an IGA supermarket. The beds are surprisingly comfortable for single beds. In the past, we have paid twice this amount for a hotel room with a kitchen in other downtown Montreal hotels. I would most definitely stay here again on future trips.	
Nov 7 2009 	Agradable buen valor por tu dinero		
Oct 27 2009 	Une vraie aubaine confortable au centre-ville		
Aug 30 2009 	Excellent rapport qualité/prix		
Jul 14 2009 	Style étudiant		
Mar 4 2009 	Beau bon et économique		
Sep 16 2008 	Ottimo supporto e hotel molto bello e comfortevole		
