Oct 11 2009 	Great Experience	Clean and Cheap!! Easy to book, great location!! Highly recommended!!	
Aug 12 2009 	Great Location Clean Rooms Good Value	I stayed at the YWCA Hotel Montreal. (They run a hostel too). It's got a great location for visiting Downtown Montreal, and even Vieux Montreal, if you don't mind the walk (almost 30 min, but lots of sights). You can walk to a variety of different restaurants at night. The rooms are clean and basic, and service is good. There is a restaurant in the lobby (breakfast is not included). The rates are fantastic for a big city--and the proceeds support YWCA programs, so that is a nice bonus. It's a quiet hotel and they have lots of tourist information and can help with anything you ask. The restaurant for breakfast is okay. Oh, if you stay out past 11, they lock the doors and you have to ring a bell to get in, FYI. Great stay on a budget, in the heart of the city.	
Sep 27 2008 	Good value	We stayed in this hotel in Montreal for one night. We had one of the cheap rooms with shared bathroom. The room was clean with a TV and air conditioning. It was comfortable but not attractive. We were happy with the room for the price. The one real problem is with the bathroom and shower facilities. There's no problem with this as far as the ladies are concerned, but for men things are much more grim. The men's bathroom is dark and dirty, and you should be prepared to wait for your turn almost every time you visit. The shower room is a little better, but it too gets messy quickly. Here's my top tip: if you get fed up with waiting for the bathroom (and, eventually, you will), there's another one on the ground floor. It's the only additional one I could find. Or even better: pay a little more and go for a room with a private bathroom! Or even better than that: forget about staying in a hotel and book into one of the many good B&amp;Bs in Montreal for the same price!	
May 10 2007	Exceeds my expectation	I stayed a couple of days in Hilton, Quebec City for business prior to traveling to Montreal. This was a side trip and I didn't want to spend too much money, so I booked the Y hotel with not much expectation since I paid about $60 per night only. It turned out to be a pleasant experience. The facility is old and cannot be compared to Hilton but the room is almost as spacious as the 4 star hotel I stayed previously. The kitchen facility is a great bonus even though I didn't really use it. My guest visitors were also very impressed when they came to visit me.	
Jan 13 2007	Great budget hotel	I stayed at the Montreal Y hotel when I went to a conference in Monteal in June of 2006. I highly recommend this place to travellers who look for an inexpensive and decent place to stay. (I showed my student ID to the cashier, and got 10% off!) In general, the area is pretty safe. The location is central, close to tons of restaurants, bars, and shops. There's a metro stop a few blocks away. The room that I stayed had a private bath. It looks like that the hotel is recently rennovated. Everything looks new! Both the room and the bathroom were very cean and comfortable. (The room was very quie?.) There's a TV set in the room. Also an ice machine down the hall way. There are a microwave, pots, and pans in their kitchen (there's a supermarket just blocks away), where you could prepare your meals. The kitchen is clean and has lots of sun light. (Also free use of the YMCA gym)The only downside is that there's no wireless internet access inside the hotel.	
