Oct 22 2009 	Perfectly Fine in Every Way	We were very happy with our one night (weekend) stay. The purpose of our trip was to take teenaged daughters and their friends to the Biodome and go shopping etc. We availed ourselves of the P'tite Folie package, i.e. one room for $132 and a second at $39 -- hard to beat those rates!! Also the underground parking was only $16.50 which is decent for a large city. All in all, it was perfect for our purposes. It was well located in relation to the restaurants on St. Denis; the rooms were clean and comfortable (although not luxurious and the bathrooms not spacious but this didn't matter to us). Travellers from abroad mightn't have been happy with our view, but we weren't there for that either. The pool and exercise facilities were nice and we did use them (no hot tub, but a sauna). The check in and out were smooth with no waiting, although we observed that the line-ups ebbed and flowed. We had minimal interaction with the staff and didn't eat there, so we can't comment on these aspects. We didn't find the area particularly seedy, nor did we have trouble with pan-handlers outside or bedbugs inside. It was good, basic accommodation for a weekend trip and we'd definitely consider staying there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Bed Bugs	I always stay at the Gouverneur Hotel when I go to Montreal. Although this time, when we came back late in the night and pulled away the blankets, we found the sheets covered in bedbugs.I have to admit that the staff dealt with this pretty well and offered to wash all of our clothes and transferred us into an even better room.I know this is a problem that happens often and the hotel is greatly located and very adequate for weekend getaways. Breakfast buffet is too expensive and always cold. There are many great little restaurants in the area.	
Sep 8 2009 	A touch of class and value	We really liked staying at this hotel.PROS:- Front desk staff very friendly and helpful (and they don't mind speaking English too)- Concierge staff also very friendly and helpful (stored our luggage for free)- A lot of amenities (high-speed internet, 24-hour room service, pool, fitness all included)- Nice rooms with beautiful views, soft towels and even a pants press! - Convenient location. Close to the Berri-UQAM station.- IGA (supermarket) attached to the hotelCONS:- Immediate area surrounding the hotel is quite seedy. We were approached by homeless people on multiple occasions.	
Sep 5 2009 	Pleasant but a little tired	The hotel lobby upon our arrival seemed quite cramped and dated, but the staff at the reception were friendly. The hotel's location is fine and especially handy as it is directly connected to the Métro system and and shopping centre with a supermarket.Our room was of a good size and had a fantastic view over the city of Montréal. Everything about the room was rather 70s, but it was comfortable nonetheless. The bathroom was clean and the toiletries provided are excellent.The hotel's swimming pool is nice and has a good view out, thanks to its elevated location.When we were leaving, the concierge was quite stroppy in the whole process of ordering us a taxi and dealing with our baggage, which was a shame.However, in all, the hotel was perfect for our needs and it was an enjoyable stay.	
Aug 27 2009 	Location good if you like using the Metro	Stayed in the Gouverneur Dupuis for 2 nights. We paid €20 euro extra for a superior room on the 24th floor for 2 nights and we got a cold buffet included in that which I thought it was worth it. Rooms was spacious, toilet was on the small side but was fine. The thing that annoyed us was the water in the bathroom was not very hot. The cold buffet was good, all you can eat fruit, cereal and bread, which we were happy with. Location is just ok but becuase you are above a metro station you can go to alot of places in Montreal using the metro and you can get a one day pass for $9 or 3 day pass for $17 i think. Overall we enjoyed our stay and the staff in the hotel were good. What we really liked about the hotel was we got early check in at 1pm and late checkout 2:30pm which was great and the free wireless was good too.	
Aug 19 2009 	lovely hotel pity about the nickel and dime policy	I can't ault this hotel on location comfort or service. its not cheap but it offers good value. I stayed in a superior suite on the 24th floor with wonderful view over montreal. So Overall my review must read as very positive. I have one or two gripes.1st when taxes and parking were added on it put almost $200 on my bill of $640 for 4 days. I know this is part of the CRAZY policy of giving prices excluding tax in both USA and Canada ( and nowhere else for obvious reasons, cos its stupid). But I would recommend using a site that includes these charges or contacting the hotel directly to find the final bill.2nd They charge separately for breakfast depending on wheather you have a cold or hot buffet breakfast, This might be ok in a cheap hotel but feels very nickle and dime when you have to bring a voucher for breakfast each morning. Which if you forget, as i did, you will have to go back to your room like a bold child and get it, seriously at $200 a night. they can't check a computor in the restaurant or better still have on charge for breakfast and avoid these problems. god forbid someone should eat a hot breakfast when they've only paid for a cold. I mean really. it lowers the tone of an otherwise great hotel.	
Aug 10 2009 	Adequate hotel - good location	The hotel is on top of a mall which was convient and has a metro / subway station attached. We used the metro to go everywhere, we walked to the old city once - take the metro even though it's just one stop. The rooms were adequate with a mini fridge and a small TV. We booked a 'superior' room but other than providing a good view of the city there was nothing superior about it. the staff were all friendly but the desk staff didn't have any maps and gave us incorrect directions. The buffet included is just a cold breakfast but you can upgrade to the hot one which was very good, although it cost 10.75 extra per person. Over all it was ok but I think I'd try something different next time.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great hotel/location	We have stayed at this hotel a number of times over the last several years. We have always found our stay to be enjoyable and restful. The business class rooms on the top 5 floors are very well appointed and clean. The large rooms with king sized bed, AMAZING views of downtown, and the huge shower make the room worth the cost. The breakfast buffet is &quot;free&quot; with the business rooms and is of excellent quality and would meet most dietary needs. The staff is very helpful and friendly. We can't say enough about the location, it is within easy walking or metro ride from everything. Some parts of the hotel are starting to look a bit dated but that doesn't take away from the overall quality. Parking is easy next door or you can also park under the university library. It isn't cheap, but this is a major city where parking is a premium. We will be back many times.	
Jul 9 2009 	Location + Price = Value	I've stayed here many times over the past ten years. It's always been a good deal for me -- lots of Montreal is just a short walk away, especially the Village. It's also right off two subway lines for easy access to the rest of the city. And while the hotel is fairly middle-of-the-road in terms of quality, I've always been satisfied with the price.	
Jul 5 2009 	Great Value underrated break breakfast	I had been at the very pricey Hilton with internet at $.69 a minute. moved out to the Gouverneur Hotel Place Dupuis. Only mistake? I booked online ot save $10 by prepayment and this cut me out of Club Gouverneur Privileges Card. The Business Center is accessible via $10 fee which is well worth it. The pool was lovely, the staff lovely ....... Only minor issue, water pressure was less than adequate in my room. Incredible breakfast, simply incredible	
Jun 28 2009	Great location value for money nice staf	Only two issues. I booked online and made advance payment thus preventing me from accessing Hotel Gouverneur preferred guest services. I saved $20 online and lost out on everything else including the option of cancelling. Room was lovely and clean, a/c not as good as it could be and water pressure lacking. Maybe 20 minutes to 1/4 fill the tub. A shower was not within the realm of the possible. It was nice and quiet compared to the Hilton the night before. Breakfast bufet was excellent and of incredible value. usienss center was great and private and empty . You are at the start of the gay ghetto which is starting to get tired. The average age seemed to be 65 +/- apart from the hookers wo look sort of drug crazed. Nothing to do with the hotel certaily and it seemed to have excellent polite and cordial stafing.	
Jun 25 2009 	Nice modern hotel in Le Village	I stayed at the Gouverneur Hotel Place Dupuis over the weekend of May 15, 2009. The hotel is a modern high-rise building located at the top of the main street that cuts through the gay village (Ste. Catherine). The room I booked (a standard double #1219) was spacious, clean and well-appointed. The bathroom was small but adequate for my needs. Brand-name toiletries were provided and plenty of towels. The condition of the furnishings in the room were very good and the large window overlooking the city was nice. I did not make use of the restaurants in the hotel, but I was impressed with the warmth and friendliness of the reception staff. Overall I enjoyed my stay at the Gouverneur and would highly recommend it to anyone looking for nice accommodations in Le Village.	
May 5 2009 	Very well located very convenient	We had a wonderful stay in this hotel. Rooms are very big and the view on the city is amazing. Our room was overlooking a very nice garden where, on sunday, we could see people playing geant chess. Room have all amenities we needed and bathroom is ok too even a bit small. Staff is charming, room where very clean and service (laundry is very efficient). This hotel is very well located in front of one of Montreal university and the subway. We loved to walk from there to the city center, only a 20 minutes walk.We are traveling a lot with my wife and this was for us a very convenient place for a cold winter vacation in a wonderful Montreal and Quebec.	
Mar 23 2009	It was good until we found ourselves unable retrieve something left behind	My daughter stayed over your hotel the last two nights and when she arrived home she realized she left behind her flat iron for her hair. Her name is Olivia Mahoney and she stayed in room 906. I placed a call last night and spoke w/security and they were unable to locate it through lost &amp; found. I was told to call back in the morning and I just got off the phone w/security and was informed I was out of luck since it wasn't turned in. I believe the person who cleaned the room should be held accountable and we shouldn't be brushed us off.The second part of this trip involves the travel agent, this agent took a group of twenty high school kids for a ten dollar security deposit for the hotel room and then boarded the bus Friday morning upon their departure demanding another five dollars for the security deposor they wouldn't be leaving and now it's a total of fifteen dollars each person paid for a security deposit. When the group arrived at the hotel they were charged another twenty dollars each and the hotel informed them that the travel agent shouldn't have charged them it's the policy of the Hotel to do so. These kids were a bit skeptical of this travel agent so they called the hotel and confirmed they do indeed do business with this agency. They didn't think to inquire about the security deposit and I'm wondering why such a repitable hotel would do business with an agency that operates in such a manner. I would like to see how the hotel handles these issues.	
Nov 23 2008 	Be careful when using the online reservation system!	Be very careful when booking this hotel through their online reservation system. When I arrived they claimed that I had booked for December and not November. I had the confirmation from the hotel and they still seemed to question it. I had to stand my ground for the reservation that I made online and was supported by all of the documentation (November date) that their system sent me. My interaction with them seemed to indicate that it was my problem until I refused to back down. They then relented and told me that they were out of the type of room that I booked for (non-smoking, two beds). I had to choose between a smoking room with two beds or a non-smoking with one bed. I choose the smoking and I was pleased that you could not tell the difference. If you have a large vehicle avoid the parking garage. It is very small and the attendant was not very pleasant with helping us. We had to find parking elsewhere.Apart from these issues the hotel was great. I really would have preferred not to have had the unnecessary reservation drama at check-in.	
Oct 28 2008	Black 	Used this hotel when visiting Montreal for the Black &amp; Blue weekend. Hotel is clean and well located for all the activities of the weekend, plus only a short walk into the old city. Rooms are basic and large and well serviced. Staff courteous &amp; friendly. We used the restaurant for breakfast which had a good selection and reasonably priced. Hotel is not considered a luxury hotel, however well located and clean and meets all the needs for weekend plus well priced.	
Oct 15 2008 	Pleasant and convenient	We stayed here during the annual strike season of hotel staff and the hotel seemed pretty unaffected by it all except for the somewhat casual dress of the employees (trainers and t shirts).Our room was large and comrfortable, with excellent freebies - I liked the mouthwash!. Slghtly old fashioned but it was fine. Breakfast, served by suprerfriendly staff was an excellent hot buffet. The hotel is pretty convenient for the old town IF you know where you are going. Turn left and then next right if you want to catch the metro - or walk into town to the Vieux Port. It's about a 10-15min walk. If you turn left and left into Catherine Street, you hit the Village - the gay centre - which is fun but can be rather seedy.	
Oct 8 2008	Great staff great location	I stayed four nights here at a special rate (first two nights regular rate, third night 50% off, fourth night free). This even included a wonderful breakfast buffet on the first three mornings.Pluses:- Staff: wonderful, friendly, efficient- Food: hearty breakfast, loved the pastries and fruits - Location: conveniently located at the Berri-UQAM metro station- Airport bus: stops one block from the hotel, runs every 30 minsMinuses:- The rooms are clean but the hotel is starting to show it's age- Rue Ste Catherine Est is a bit seedy during the day but the gay village livens things up on weekend nights.Tips:- 1 or 3-day metro pass. It takes you to all the major attractions and shopping areas.- Internet access. The hotel has wifi or you can purchase 24 hour access to their business center. There are internet cafes along Rue Ste Catherine. Also, there's an Apple store in the shopping district on rue Ste Catherine Ouest.- Dining. Lots of choices in the area. I ate at Echalote, which offers Thai and Szechuan dishes. There's an indoor food court between the hotel and metro station. At Place d'Armes you'll be near Chinatown and also fine restaurants around Notre Dame. I has a great meal at Bonaparte on rue St Francois Xavier. Their lunch menu ranges from $15-25.-Shopping. From Notre Dame it's a pleasant walk down rue St Urbain, past Chinatown, then left on rue Ste Catherine Ouest. You'll come across La Baie (The Bay) and Simons which has its own line of clothing at good prices.-Museums. I learned a lot about the history of Canada and Montreal at the McCord Museum and Pointe-a-Calliere which is built on top of an excavation site. -Discount tickets to Parc Olympique, Biodome and Botanical Gardens are available at the hotel front desk. -Day trip to Quebec City. You can book it at the hotel. It's well worth it. The Frontenac is awesome. -Many public signs including the metro are in French only. So it may pay to know open/closed (ouvert/ferme), east/west (est/ouest) and exit (sortie). I found people in Montreal to be warm, friendly, and very proud of their French roots. You will often be greeted with &quot;bonjour&quot; or &quot;bonsoir.&quot; Montreal is a lovely city rich in culture and history.	
Oct 2 2008 	good value	I wanted to stay at the Queen Elizabeth, which had impressed me on my last trip to Montreal, but since the staff was still on strike, I had to look elsewhere. The conference proposed a choice between the Hyatt and the Gouverneur, and the Hyatt's pool being closed for renovation, we opted for the Gouverneur.Some reviewers complain that the hotel is in a somewhat shabby part of town. I must say that the area is totally safe, and found the latin Quarter with its student atmosphere and bars and restaurants a welcome change from the more sterile business district. The hotel itself provides good value for the money: the rooms are large and well appointed, the bathroom facilities well maintained, and I liked the view (although I would have preferred a room with an even room number, to have the city view). The pool area is excellent, with a gorgeous view (in the queen elizabeth the pool is downstairs on the parking garage level), and I found the bar cozy. I very much appreciated the no-fuzz internet access. I'll definitely consider the Gouverneur on my next trip to Montreal.	
Oct 1 2008 	Execellent hotel	Hotel was a great place to stay very clean. Very friendly staff. Gave me great places to check out since I was new to montreal. Very helpful I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 23 2008 	Loved this hotel!	I was just in Montreal the past weekend and stayed at the Gov. Place Dupuis. I cannot say enough positive things about this hotel. The price was excellent, the rooms were well appointed, the staff was helpful and friendly the entire step of the way. If you are looking for a great hotel that centrally located (you even have Metro access from the hotel building itself) then stay here! My friend and I even got $10 off the Sunday brunch for being guests at the hotel. Great buffet and service. I will definitely stay here again in Montreal.	
Jun 27 2008 	Worth a try	This hotel is definetely worth a try. Less known brand but compares to all the chains. The price is really good too, and the free wifi is really a plus.on the hotel website of guverneur you can also add on extras. nothing beats chocolate covered strawberries brought up to your room with a wine and cheese platter!	
Jun 20 2008 	Great hotel	My wife and I recently stayed at the Gouverneur Place Dupuis in Montreal to celebrate our anniversary. The location is pretty good, they have a nice indoor parking in downtown montreal. We liked the fact that the metro is under the hotel (montreal's metro is very ghetto though)  This is a wonderful hotel. The rooms have been luxurious, spacious, and well-kept both times I have come here . The breakfast buffet is great though if like any buffet, the best stuff goes early (don't come to the buffet in the last 10 minutes haha). We also got to order some chocolate strawberries when ordering on their website, which is pretty nice for a romantic time.We highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 9 2008 	Best business hotel in Montreal	I came over here for the F1 weekend. This wasn't my first time at the Gouverneur at Place Dupuis, everytime I come to Montreal I stay here. Simply put, it is the best business hotel I have stayed at. The staff is trained to be quick and efficient, there is a metro station under the hotel (the biggest metro station in Montreal, really the center of all public transport to go anywhere you want. For the F1 I would simply leave my room, walk down, and in less than 15 minutes would be at the track , without once going outside or taking a cab.The meals are good, the bar is great and the rooms are fantastic. Compares to the Sweet Sleeping rooms at Sheraton or Hilton. Be sure to take the business class room, it is only a slight extra (20$ I think) but it is really worth it.The location of the hotel is really worth it, i will be back for the international jazz festival and it is literally 100 feet from the hotel.	
Jun 4 2008	Worst hotel EVER! Do not stay there!!!	This is the worst hotel we have EVER stayed at. I don't know who decided to give them three stars but they don't deserve even 1/2 a star. The electricity went out twice in our room, the lady at the front desk pretended like she don't speak English, they can't give you an extra pillow. Our room was directly above the ballroom, and there were loud death music playing till 3AM on a Wednesday night, and the hotel refused to switch us to another room. I guess there is no such thing as service to any English speaking tourists at the Gouverneur Hotel. Do yourself a favor and do not stay at this hotel, I hope they go out of business soon! They're so rude I think I'll avoid going to Montreal period in the future!	
Apr 10 2008	Great Location Fantastic Price	I stayed at the Gouverneur a few weeks back and, as always, was impressed at the quality you get for what you pay. I paid roughly in the 130$ area and received an overall experience that beats the nearby Hyatt Regency, my old montreal favorite. Better quality at the Gouverneur and better service. Also the price is MUCH lower than the Hyatt (usually 180-190$ level).The location is amazing, you're downtown and you can get a cab to go anywhere without any wait whatsoever.Also the rooms were very very clean which makes me want to come back.Breakfast is good, coffee great	
Mar 17 2008	Fantastic Stay!	I always have a wonderful stay the Gouverneur. Everyone is so nice and the hotel is very clean. Good management and very helpful employees make each stay memorable. Also, the rates are amazing for what you get (high quality 4-star hotel priced like a comfort inn in the US).Be sure to pay the extra 20$US to get the superior room, its worth it.	
Feb 14 2008 	Very good for the price	I've stayed at this hotel several times, and I highly recommend it. I paid about $129/night back in 06, and it's worth every penny. The rooms are clean, large and quiet. HOWEVER, if you get a smoking room, I would like to warn you that you might have problems. I smoke, and the smoking rooms absolutely reek of old ashtray aroma, almost as if they don't clean it after the last guest, though I doubt that is true. It is like a punishment for being a smoker. So, I advise you to get a non smoking room, and take it outside when you want one. You didn't go to Montreal to hang out in a hotel room anyway, right?The location is perfect. Again, it is ideal for gay men, the village is a short walk. Shopping and restaurants are convenient too. You can pop onto the metro right at Berri/UQAM, its only a short walk away.Lastly, the staff is pleasant and polite. Skip the restaurant in the hotel itself. They give you a certificate for continental breakfast. You should have 'un petit dejeuner' at one of the many awesome establishments (Cora, Le Jardin) the city has to offer.	
Feb 5 2008 	Bad time?? Come back and see it now.	I know cities and I know hotels. Some are boring and quiet, Montreal is not, especially downtown. The Governuer is especially close to the gay village, metro, shopping, restaurants, and aside from the street people who are somehow tolerated along Ste. Catherine East it seems, the hotel showed no problems. None of the many guests I spoke to had any problem with room or staff. There are other places to stay if you want to be away from seeing the gay clubs, but realize that gay people are not into having things &quot;perfect&quot; all around them, and readily accept people whether rich or desperately poor. Police patrol constantly, discreetly. Come back and try it again if you don't have unreasonable expectactions for the neighborhood around a big city downtown hotel.	
Aug 10 2007 	Great Hotel and Good Location	This is a great, clean, basic hotel in a good location. After having to check out of Sheraton Le Centre we found this hotel closer to the area we wanted to be in. The woman at the front desk check in process could not have been more helpful and friendly. We got an executive room on the top floor for less than our booking at the sheraton. The room was nicely decorated, fairly large, clean and quiet. The bed was very comfortable with great pillows. The views of montreal were spectacular from our room. The hotel is very close to the subway station, shopping and the gay village. We would definitely stay here again when visiting Montreal.	
Aug 2 2007	A Neighborhood on the Edge	The Hotel Gouverneur Place Dupuis is in a neighborhood that very much resembles Eighth Avenue in New York's Theater District...yes, there are pan handlers and peep shows nearby, but so are the restaurants and attractions of the Latin Quarter. As far as I'm concerned, the neighborhood is great. It's convenient to lots of summer activities, shopping, and the arts center and the police presence is strong and makes me feel quite safe. The ethnic diversity is a real plus. In summer, the park across the street is the site for festivals, notably the Nuits d'Afrique music festival in the month of July. Two blocks away is the Juste pour Rire Comedy festival with its carnival atmosphere during the month of July.I've stayed at this hotel before and find the staff helpful and pleasant. The lobby is large and well-appointed, the elevators are fast, and the breakfast, dining room, and bar are good.Rooms are large and well-furnished with large windows overlooking either the St. Lawrence or the large park across the street. Everything is in working order and the amenities and comforts are fine. Beds are particularly comfortable. Water pressure and hot water are good.I'd recommend this hotel to anybody. You'll interact with the city in a far better way at the Gouverneur than at a fancier hotel in a more sterile neighborhood.	
Aug 1 2007	Wonderful hotel...Creepy neighborhood!	My friend and I had a 'girls day out' here over the weekend and we were delighted with our room, the breakfast and the location...somewhat! It is right across the street from the Metro, which is wonderful, but when we went out at night to get dinner, there were police all over and someone stretched out on the curb where we had to cross the street! Not the most impressive initial impression!It is an easy 5-10 min walk to Old Montreal's northern edge. The breakfast buffet was great, although there was a big line and when we got inside there were lots of empty tables...I don't know if they just didn't have enough servers on duty?I made my reservation via Expedia and I am sure that I specified a nonsmoking room, however when we checked in they said that all they had were smoking rooms, and asked if I would like to upgrade to a business room for USD$20, more, so I did.The hotel is great once you are inside, although on the street outside there were all kinds of 'characters' hanging aroung. The room was beautiful with lots of ammenities and a great view, from which we were told we could see the fireworks...we could see the smoke and hear them, but there was a huge office building blocking the view! Indoor parking is discounted for guests, with in and out priviliges, although you have to walk up and down the ramp to get to your car.All in all, I might stay here again, but for the price USD$205 (including parking &amp; breakfast), I think I could have done better elsewhere.	
Jul 10 2007	Expensive but not Horrible	We stayed at Place Dupuis for 4 days for the Canada Day long weekend. The hotel was clean and so was the room. The price was quite high for what was offered, but it was a long weekend and no other hotels nearby had any openings.The staff is friendly enough, but you do sometimes get the old English versus French issue, but it only happened a couple of times. We had a Superior Room which costed $20 a day extra than the standard room, but it came with breakfast, which was your standard hot/cold buffet. The view from our particular room was awful, one side of the hotel faces a business complex. The parking was expensive, but it was underground. Had a mini-bar that we used to store food that had to be kept cold. The room was not very spacious, but had wireless internet that was very reliable. For an expensive hotel, the decor was dated, but doesn't matter all that much I guess.	
Jun 20 2007 	Dicey Location	We were satisfied with the hotel itself - helpful staff, generous, spotless room with great view of Mont Royal, decent restaurant, and convenient parking garage, but this is not one of a Montreal's charming neighborhoods! Rue St. Catherine is a sea of strip shows and fast food joints and panhandlers block the street day and night. It's also a long walk to see the historic sights of Old Montreal.	
Mar 26 2007	Would stay here again.	I stayed here as part of a group, for OutGames 2006. It was a perfect location, for the venues on St. Catherine Street. The hotel was very clean, the rooms were big, and the staff were very very helpful, considering the large number of non-french speaking aussies who were staying there. I would definitely recommend Hotel Place Dupuis as a place for future visits to Montreal. The breakfast was cheap, for buffet only about $15. The room we had, was quiet, overlooking the park and high enough to not hear any street noise. The fact that the subway station was so close was great and also the shopping mall with fresh fruits and other snacks was just down stairs also. Only point that i disliked was that unless you upgraded to &quot;deluxe&quot; there was no fridge in the standard rooms. The ice machine was also on the floor above, so it was a bit hard to keep drink cold.	
Mar 3 2007 	Outstanding Time in Montreal	We have always been satisfied with our stays at the Place Dupuis hotel. Over the years we have come here often and the friendly staff make an effort to make us feel right at home. The room 2312 is now considered our room whenever we go to Place Dupuis, it is simply fantastic with a great view and the business class luxury. Special thanks to Miss Bujold Nicole and the rest of the great staff.	
Feb 27 2007	Outstanding for our group's lengthy stay	The Gouverneur Place Dupuis was as near perfect as I can imagine for our group's 10-day stay for a residential course in February 2007. There were about 13 of us in residence there in some of the coldest weather many of us had ever experienced!The bedrooms were terrific: great views, updated furnishings, nice bathrooms. Room service was wonderful -- prompt, smiling delivery people. Housekeeping did a wonderful job and responded quickly to requests/needs. A number of us doubled up: there was plenty of space for this. Kids in-room would work fine in the larger rooms.The restaurant and bar were wonderful -- way above the usual hotel fare. Food was plentiful, varied and well-prepared. We enjoyed the French-influenced daily specials as well as standards -- and in a stay as long as ours, with little time outside the hotel for lunches, people were delighted with the restaurant's service and meals. Not one complaint, even from vegetarians. The dining room has corners and nooks where families and friends can get together --plenty of food that kids would love. The bartenders and waitpersons came to know us and greeted us like old friends. Same with the front desk and the concierges, who were very cheery and helpful and could even print out information on directions &amp; destinations at the desk. The hotel is perched atop a Montreal Underground shopping center, and you can quickly walk to the Berri Metro stop, which happens to be a key transfer point for three subway lines. Thus, getting to any part of Montreal is very simple. What a location!We used meeting facilities -- the Quebec Room, in particular. Everything was perfectly set up by the staff and those in charge of our account. We were very pleased by the hotel's flexibility and responsiveness.I used the Business Center nearly every day. For an extra $10 Canadian, you can buy an access card to check your email, print out a document, relax in front of a plasma TV, etc. It's not a giant center, but very nicely set up. A number of folks in our group used the 5th floor swimming pool and the small but very pleasant fitness center. These guests were quite happy with what was available.I would recommend this hotel to business travelers, families, couples -- it really was one of the nicest hotel stays I can remember!	
Feb 14 2007	Excellent French/English experience - great value/friendly staff...	I stayed at the Gouverneur Hotel Place Dupuis for over a week and felt like many of the staff were long lost friends by the end of my stay. Friendly, great value, with an excellent location sums up this hotel! The staff was friendly and patient when I bravely tested out speaking French. What a great experience being sorrounded by bilingual hotel employees. The food was wonderful, especially the buffet with French stand by's such as main dishes, pastas, yummy salads, bread, fresh fruit, cheese, pate, and tarts to name a few. The bell desk staff was super too, making reservations for a number of great restuarants in the area. I am from the USA (east coaster) and recommend this hotel over any other chain hotel for a great &quot;Franchophone&quot; experience. I will definitely stay there again during my next visit to Quebec.	
Feb 12 2007 	Great experience overall	The service was great. Everyone was very helpful. The room was also very nice. Food at the restaurant was good. I would definitely return to Place Dupuis if I ever go back to Montreal.	
Dec 17 2006	Great location at the edge of the gay village	My partner and I stay at the Hotel des Gouverneurs Place Dupuis pretty much every time we go to Montreal for the weekend, largely because of its favourable location (within walking distance of the gay venues that line St. Catherine St). The experience has proven to be a reliable one--service is efficient and entirely satisfactory, and the rooms are satisfactory. Some seem to have been redone and are a bit nicer--the older ones are tired by servicable. I echo the comments on the underground parking which is very cramped by N American standards. The only cautionary note is that there seem to be a lot of college-aged kids there from the US on the weekends--I have never had any bad experiences with noise, though I could see that happening if you got the wrong next-door neighbour.	
Dec 12 2006 	Excellent hotel clean upscale safe 	This hotel is located a little west of the downtown core, but it is well worth the stay.Affordably priced and above average service - I think this hotel operates just like a HILTON FAMILY brand ! They are friendly all the time, very polite, and will be helpfull during your stay. Right accross the street from next to the Berri Uqam subway station also helps, there is food, restuarants and grocery within walking distance !	
Nov 15 2006 	Luv the Guv	Sorry about the stupid title! Long story short...Stayed here several times, have never had a problem,always had a pleasant experience with anyone involved in the operation of the hotel. There are some reviewers whom I think would blame a hotel for bad weather (which I had for my entire stay) or blame a hotel for situations that could happen anywhere, but just happen to happen to you at this property at this particular time. It's called life...live it and enjoy it! you're on vacation...go do something. If your entire reason to live is to nitpick every little insignificant thing, then stay home and drive each other crazy! Don't go to another country and keep reinforcing the stereotypical &quot;Ugly American&quot;...but I digress. The parking garage was fine, I'm short and don't drive a tank, so I had no problem. (I only bumped my head once) I had a great time, it's close to everything, you don't have to go outdoors to access the Metro. Last, but not least Roland, my waiter at the breakfast buffet was terriffic. I had forgotten about him until I returned this year. He is cheerful, attentive (crisped my bacon at my request because the buffet bacon was underdone to my liking) anything I asked for he quickly and cheerfully attended to. The Gouverneur should be proud to have such a dedicated employee.Had a great rate 115$ CDN including breakfast buffet, 3rd night was 1/2 price! Parking $16.50 per 24 hr period.Will stay here again and again.	
Sep 7 2006	Loved it but upgrade to Business Class	I've stayed to this hotel a few times over the past couple of years as Montreal is a quick weekend get away. I have always enjoyed my stays and never had a problem. I can't stress enough the difference between standard rooms and business class rooms. I always stay in business class rooms but recently I arrived in the wee hours of the morning and they put me into a standard room until my business class room could be made ready. OH MY!! It was okay but I don't believe I would be comfortable for a long stay. It was of the standard Marriott variety with bedspread, carpeting and drapes that I agree with past posters could use an updating.The business class rooms are well decorated with red silk covers on the beds, thick mattresses and the showers have full-body heads that wash you head to toe. The bath is marble and the floors are hardwood with beautiful rugs and comfortable furniture. Another benefit is the concierge lounge and free breakfast. :)I like the location as it is near the clubs in the gay village so it is easy to drink and stumble home. I've never seen anyone in the lobby that didn't belong there or though like any big city, watch yourselves and keep you guard about you. The park accross the street is known hangout for drug dealers but you get that in central park accross from the Ritz Carlton so enjoy but be safe.	
Aug 15 2006	Good location dated rooms	Well, I've stayed at the Gouverneur Hotel Place Dupuis about 5 or 6 times over the past 12 years. I've also tried various other hotels in Montreal over the years.This is a large hotel, and the location is ideal for some people -- right on the edge of the Gay Village, convenient to the Metro, and within a long walk of Downtown Montreal. St. Catherine’s Street in this area has an impressive array of restaurants, clubs, bars, shops. Rue St. Denis &amp; Rue St. Laurent, with dozens and dozens of wonderful restaurants, are close by. So in my mind, the Gouverneur Hotel Place Dupuis has a very desireable location.Keeping this in mind, I do think that the hotel has been “cruising” on its location. Over the years, I think that the quality of the rooms has not kept pace. The rooms are now quite dated, and the entire hotel could use a complete renovation. The shower really needs to be upgraded. Everything still works, but the rooms seem to be from the 1970s, not from 2006.To compete with more modern hotels, this hotel should consider a major upgrade. If the hotel is not upgraded, some better amenities should be offered, such as free breakfasts (we were offered $5 breakfast coupons, which doesn’t cover the entire cost of breakfast, so we didn’t use them), free Internet access, or free parking.The front desk staff was polite enough. The hotel garage is not at all user friendly, and I'd be concerned if I were to try to drive a SUV, or a car with an antenna. In any event, this hotel will probably continue to be very popular among select visitors, mainly because of its location, but next time, I think I'll stay somewhere else.	
Jul 13 2006	The WORST hotel I've ever stayed at!!! Avoid it at all costs!!!	This is by far the WORST hotel I've ever stayed at!!! I wouldn't recommend it to anyone! It was rated as a 4-star hotel on the website that I booked it through (Hotels.com) but it should have been more like 1-star!My whole family went to Montreal for my parents' 50th Anniversary celebration, which SHOULD have been a pleasurable experience. We all stayed at the Gouverneur Place Dupuis, and it turned out to be a nightmare! It was not in the best neighborhood. The fire alarms kept going off (sometimes in the wee hours of the night while we were sleeping); homeless people and drug addicts freely walked into the hotel to accost the guests and beg for money; the toilets, sinks and tubs all backed up in every single one of our rooms; we didn't always get the complimentary soaps and shampoos everyday; and the staff weren't exactly the most friendly.When we complained about all the problems, the front desk didn't accomodate us in any way... in fact; the manager we spoke with was quite rude! They basically didn't want to hear about any of our inconveniences! Customer service is dead at this hotel! You're definitely on own here.The parking garage is a joke too... the ceilings are so low. If you stay here, you'd better have a strong antenna on your vehicle. You have to crouch over to get out of your car and the spaces are so tight! Also, don't expect to find a spot in the garge if you spend a day out on the town and come back after 10:00! Nor are the valets there when they're supposed to be there 24 hours a day!Finally, I had booked all the rooms under my AAA membership to get a discount. I received an e-mailed confirmation of all the rooms and the discounts we'd all be getting, which I even printed the confirmation and showed the front desk upon check-in, but they told us that the hotel would only honor the AAA discount for me since I booked the rooms -- the others in my family all had to pay full price! Sounds awfully suspicious.Avoid this hotel at all costs! I can't think of anything nice to say about it. It's worth it to pay a little extra and stay at a much nicer place!	
Jul 12 2006	Great Gouverneur!	We have just returned from a wonderful trip to Montreal and a great stay at the Gouverneur Place Dupuis. The rooms have been recently renovated and offer beautiful views of Montreal. The staff was courteous and the bellman / concierge was great at recommending restaurants and providing sightseeing information.	
Jul 11 2006	It seems that some reviewers here stayed at a different Gouverneur hotel!	Hi,First of all, let me tell you that the people in the four previous reviews either have extremely high standards and we're expecting the Four Seasons for 140$ a night or it's something else. I have stayed four times so far since last summer (the last time being 3 weeks ago) and I have a VERY hard time believing these people stories (minus maybe the fire department?). Yes, some of the lobby's fixtures might not be the most up-to-date but again, you're paying a rate of 149$ MAXIMUM on weekdays for a still pretty central hotel. Besides, the furniture, carpets, wallpapers and lighting fixtures are all updated, the elevators are fast and the pool is clean so what's the big deal? Gouverneur doesn't pretend to be a luxury Westin or Omni hotel. I never thought I'd find myself here defending a hotel but after reading the latest reviews, I felt compelled to write based on FOUR good and consistent stays over a little less than a year (and more If you include those of 2003-04). So at the end of May, a group of friends decided to go and celebrate my birthday in Montreal. We booked two rooms at the same time (standard rooms) for the Saturday night and we planned on going out. To make it convenient, I asked If it would be possible to get adjacent or communicating rooms. The lady at reservation said she would try her best and put up a request with the reservation. We arrived on the Saturday a little before 1 p.m even though check-in time is not before 3 and check-out is actually late, 1 p.m at the Gouverneur. To my surprise, they had our 2 rooms ready, on the same floor and actually adjacent! The check-in staff was pleasant and the whole process was quick. Our standard non smoking rooms on the 18th floor were clean and as advertised, just partly renovated. Obvious with the new carpet smell and the actual brand-new look of the carpet. Drapes, bedding and all lighting fixtures all brand new. Mattress was super comfortable, it actually reminded me of the Hyatt Grand bed... so being curious, I lifted the blanket a bit and it is the exact same Sealy pillowtop that the Hyatt Regency Montreal has that I love. I slept very well. The bathrooms have not been renovated yet but were very clean If a little outdated. No trace of mould in our bathroom. No plumbing problems in either room (or in any room I had in fact at this hotel so far, maybe I have been lucky?). We had all the necessary toiletries: soaps, shampoos, lotion, shower cap and even mouthwash, a toothbrush, a sewing kit and a shoe sponge in a standard room! The usual three clean large towels provided and I made a mess not realizing part of the shower curtain wasn't completely tucked in the tub. When I called for towels, three more were brought up (even though I had asked for one) within 10 minutes. Powerful shower. Basically, I really have nothing to say for the price paid. We went to swim before dinner and the lifeguard was very pleasant. The change rooms are clean but outdated. Breakfast: I did not feel rushed by the staff. Our waitress was pleasant and fast in her service. The buffet was good and filled with every possible choice as usual. She did not rush us out like mentionned previously and to be quite honest, I have never skipped that buffet for three reasons: the food is always good, the service is equally up to par and for a downtown Montreal hotel, at 12$, the price is more than reasonable for a buffet. To summarize it, this was another good stay at the Gouverneur. Rooms are always clean and I've never had any sort of plumbing or coffee/toiletries supply problems. Staff is pleasant, particularly Judith at the reception and the young Concierge (can't remember his name). When in the lobby, he overheard me trying to explain to my friends on how to get out back on the 40 and he offered a map and to take over so I could get out of the hotel. I thought this was very nice of him. They have never refused to honour the different rates I have booked and I have trouble believing that they would let punks and beggars in. How is that possible when there is a visible security guy in the lobby both during the day and at night? I can certify that I have never seen people from the park in front of the hotel come and trouble guests inside the lobby and even at the doors. I am sure with the firm alarm, some kind of compensation was offered or given. I am sure they could have done something given I always have been replied to when giving comments on their comment card. They seem to value their guest's feedback. The parking garage? Well, seriously, the ceiling is low that's true! But the Place Dupuis mall and office complex was built in the 1950s. What do you want the hotel to do about that? Dynamite the building so they can increase the ceiling by 2 feet? You're never more than 45 seconds (no exaggeration!) to the elevator. I'm 5'9 and I don't have to bend to walk. And finally, YES, the hotel is in the GAY village. It is a member of the IGLTA and it's even on their website. So expect to see homos. Unfortunately, yes you see homeless people in the park up front but you also have a beautiful view of the downtown Montreal skyline. It's not a dump nor a depressing hotel but don't expect the W! This is a local Four Points, Courtyard or Holiday Inn Select style hotel!	
Jul 11 2006	Overpriced But Renovated Hotel	Four of us from Ottawa stayed at this overpriced hotel for one night in 3 different rooms. The main problem was getting there due to street clousures for the Jazz festival stages blocking various key intersections, it took forever once we entered downtown Montreal.The rooms were mouldy smelling but not bad overall. The bed was comfortable, the bathrooms clean with mouthwash, toothbrush, shampoos etc.The buffet breakast was adequate, though the coffee was gross. They had young students serving breakfast. The pancakes are crepes NOT pancakes as one expected. The food was warm but plentlyful. The breakfast is included in some pacakges. If you call the Montreal Tourism Authority and ask for the &quot;Casino Package&quot; you will receive $20 in chips for the Montreal Casino with the room booking. I won $250 at the casino. This was the good part.The room price is outragous at over $200 per night.Look somewhere else. Its located in the gay village area, so don't be shocked to see men kissing and holding hands on the streets. I am very 'open-minded' so it dindt bother me but it may bother your kids.We didn't have time to use the pool. The one idea I did like was the shopping mall on the main level. This was handy for beer, drinks, muffins etc. There is a Dunkin Donuts there as well. MacDonald's is right accross the street on St.Catherine.Too me it seemed like they renovated the hotel recently, so it looked a little better than some reveiews that I have read. Don't Forget your Aeroplan card, my stupid travel agent didn't bother telling me they except it and I didn't bring it!! too late now!!	
Jul 7 2006	Very Disappointed - I was 1 of the party of 5 rooms with 'Drop the Stars'	Let me begin by saying that it was an unpleasant stay and I would NOT recommend anybody stay at these accommodations. As 'Drop the Stars' mentions in their review, some of the staff at the front desk (not to mention some of the dinner wait staff) are not very friendly or accommadating. They didnot honor the Triple A pricing for 4 of the 5 rooms. They did not want to help their guests with anything. (As if they had a 5 point checklist stuffed in their front pockets. Anything not on that list they could not do)The hotel has very bad plumbing. In the 3 days we were there, the toilet in my room backed up 2 times. Two other rooms toilets backed up as well. Need I go into any details as to why this could be an embarrasing situation? The room next to mine had the sink clog twice and the room across the hall had a clogged bathtub. Cudos to the maintenance department? Does management intend to address this plumbing problem?The hotel's competition must own major shares in Canadian Roto Rooter stock.Then there is the issue of the fire alarm sounding off at 4:00 a.m. It was going for an hour.When I called the front desk to ask if everything was all right, their response was in a monotone voice only Dick Cavitt could imitate in one of his monologues. &quot;Please stay in your room sir, it's a false alarm. We are having trouble resetting the alarm.&quot; Meanwhile, the wide eyed guests from the upper floors are frantically herding down the stair wells in what I would say was not an organized or calm fashion. After an hour or more of this, the alarm quiets, but you can still here it on the upper and lower floors. After another hour those alarms quiet down. Everthing is now quiet........so we think. Now a different alarm sounds off much louder then the first (similiar to a W W I I Air Raid alarm). Am I supposed to trust the person at the front desk who happens to be on the ground floor, that everthing is OK? That alarm finally quiets down. Oh, look at the clock, it's time to get up.The day before we walked into the hotel lobby only to find out we could not go to our rooms. There were about 30 Canadian firemen blocking the elevators. They were checking for smoke with their meters. This ordeal went on for hours. It ended up someone released pepper spray.Toiletries, what can I say about toiletries? Will I get my soap today? What about mycomplimentary coffee packets? Or will I have to ask one of the other rooms for theirs again.One room requested toilet paper the night before, they called 3 times and finally received it at 9:30 in the a.m. There were 4 people in that room. They had to use toilets from some of their travel mates rooms.The parking garage is a joke. If you stand taller than 6'-2&quot;, I hope you have a good back, because your walk to the elevators will be in a crouched position. The locals seem to use the garage too. You may be forced to use valet or another means for parking. The parkingattendants don't speak English or French.When I went to the front desk to complain , they basically didn't want to hear it. They offered no comps or price breaks for the miserable stay. I could continue on about this frustrating experience, but instead I say this. Don't stay at this hotel unless you look into it thoroughly. Good Luck!	
Jul 5 2006	A Dump Is an Understatement!!!	From the moment we checked in, the rate we were qouted was not accurate. That same evening there was fire department activity, no one was told what was going on just that we couldnt return to our rooms. The next morning (5:35 a.m.), we were woken from our beds by the sound of the fire alarm again and people running down the fire escapes. Once again we were not really clued in on what the problem was. During the course of the stay out of the six different rooms we had occupied, five of the toilets backed up. Although they were quick to fix them, it was still an ongoing problem. If this wasnt enough the problem of the homeless outside the hotel (oh and the occasional straggler inside) was horrible. The area the hotel is in is not a family friendly enviroment, unless you dont mind watching someone climb in a garbage truck to get there belongings out. The best thing about the hotel was the breakfast buffet, but thats only when they dont hand you the check and rush you out.	
Jul 4 2006	Drop the [--] Stars Curtrude staff smells problems etc.	This was a very disappointing experience for my whole family. We grouped for an anniversary trip, my parents 50th and booked a total of 5 rooms. All 5 had problems.3 had overflowing toilets, 5 had problems receiving necessary items such as tissuesor toilet paper...do we bring our own? Breakfast was great with vouchers make sureyou get them or you pay. Our group consisted of my parents,(seniors) my family,adultsteens and my brothers with their toddler children. On a nightly basis the fire alarm goesoff and it seems to be handled like its no big deal as customers are pouring down firestairwell at 4:30 in the morning in fear of their life waking to this and finding elevatorsare in lockdown because of the alarms. We were put through this for three nights. Thinkingit was a glitch in the system or one of the druggies from the square coming in and setting off the alarms. The homelessness and dereliction in the park is the view from any windowin front. My disappointment continued as beggars enter belching and begging moneywhen you leave the mezzanine level to exit the lobby!!!!! The parking garage bend over tocarry luggage as you exit. Minivans and suvs need different levels to park. Some personelfrom front desk and some waitress's very curt. I don't expect to be hounded while eatingmy breakfast and a bill is placed in front of me asking 3 times if I am ready or do I need a pen or something. No I was still having a croissant &amp; my coffee! Wish I read this website first!!! My parents 50th anniversary was memorable for different reasons now.	
Jun 25 2006	A Total Dump! Stay away	We got in for the GP Formula 1 prize weekend and we had bought a very expensive package from an agency. This place was in a horrible neighborhood, full of junkies and shady people. The lobby was already depressing but the rooms were unbelievably dingy, stinky and super-depressing. Our first room smelled of stale smoke (we had asked for non-smoking) and had cobwebs coming from the lamp. Every time someone in the street let out a scream (which was pretty often),you could hear it all the way in our room...both my husband and I were disgusted and asked for another room. They switched us to one facing the inside but it was still absolutely horrible and depressing. We checked out of there as fast as we could and went to the W, a totally different universe...absolutely wonderful!	
May 24 2006	Very adequate hotel in great location.	The Gouverneur Place is a great hotel for a first-time visitor to Montreal. It is situated right on the Place Dupuis Metro station Berri-UQAM which is quite central to anywhere you'd want to go downtown. You could easily walk to many places as well...we often walked back to the hotel after wandering on Sainte Catherine. The staff is quite friendly, especially to my 2-year-old son. The buffet had nice fresh fruits and decent selection of food. The rooms were clean and our view of Mont Royal and downtown from the 8th floor was gorgeous...imagine the top floor! The bed was comfortable, carpet looked new, the design is updated and more modern than the usual floral bedspread you get at many hotels..ughh! The elevators are fast. Parking is $13 per day I believe, not horrendous. I recommend this hotel to those who are looking for an above average hotel for a good price in a good location.	
Mar 29 2006	Pride weekend? watch out...	The staff was very courteous and friendly.The location is perfect.As efficient as it can be during a festival like that.I had a cloged toilet that took 24h and 5 visits to the front desk to get it fixed.They never called me to apologise or anything like that.If you insist to stay there make sure that your window doesn't face the square where the festivities happen or you will never be abble to rest.PLus they are accepting reservations from the thursday only not possible fri-sat-sun.At teh time they called themselves a 4 star... I completely disagree!good luck	
Dec 11 2005	Excellent Value - Excellent Business Cneter - Perfect Pool - Breakfast to die fo	I had stayed at Hotel W ........ It was so overpriced for what was offered which was young handsome staff dressed in black that escape to the Hotel Gouverneur Place Dupuis seemed like bargain basement pricing in four star hotel rooms ..... I was half afraid that maybe they had cut out maintenance or something.To cut to the quick. Everything at the Hotel Gouverneur Place Dupuis was good. The pool was large and inviting. The room was clean and comfortable. Instead of one large trendy chair there were three comfortable ones. Instead of a see through glass walled shower like at the Hotel W the wall was solid but the washroom had both tub and shower.The big difference was in the breakfast ........ like it is simply perfect. Everything from fresh nuts to high quality yogurt and cheeses. Trying not to overeat I skipped the hot dishes.Excellent value, great location, nice staff ..........	
Aug 15 2005	Great view at night - not so good in the morning!	I stayed here with my wife and two teenage chidren in July 2005. On the whole we really liked the hotel itself but its not in exactly the classiest area in Montreal nor close to any of the main tourist areas. I've been a backpacker myself in the past so I've nothing against them in principle but at these prices you don't expect to see backpackers (and I mean maybe 30 or so of them) bedding down under the stars in the park across the street and performing their morning ablutions at the park fountain!The hotel rooms are excellent - ours had a stunning view especially at night across the Montreal skyline. It was spacious and very comfortably furnished. Breakfast buffet was good , despite our visit coinciding with the recent hotel staff strike, but the Saturday night Mediterranean theme buffet was a big disappointment. The bar area is pleasant but very small for a hotel of this sizeParking was convenient if a little tricky in the underground car park beside the hotel.Our stay was only two nights - if I'd been in Montreal longer, I might have sought out a hotel in a better location	
May 31 2005	Good hotel unsalubrious neighbourhood	This is an excellent hotel, with a good reasonably priced restaurant. The breakfast buffet was one of the best I have come across. Unfortunately the neighbourhood in which the hotel is situated is not the best, but there is direct access to the Metro system.	
Mar 28 2005	Still a good price and central location	I just came back from Montreal and I was staying at the Gouverneur for the Easter weekend. The place hasn't changed much in the 2+ since I've been there and could use some still remodeling. Although I am told that they are in the process of remodeling, my room wasn't. The staff are friendly and courteous at all times.The locations is perfect as it is right besides one of the subway stops and actually within walking distance to the shopping areas. All in all still a nicely priced hotel compared to others in the Montreal area.	
Nov 16 2004	Perfectly fine hotel	This hotel may not be the best in town, but I think it's great value. There are plenty of much more expensive hotels in Montreal, but for what you get, I think it's great. I had no problems with the staff. In fact, I found the restaurant staff in particular to be quite friendly. The room was immaculate and the view (22nd floor) was great. I appreciated the high-speed Internet access for my laptop. As other posters have mentioned, you do have to remember that the hotel is on the edge of the gay village and is not really within comfortable walking distance from the major shopping district (west-end Ste-Catherine Street). However, the hotel has excellent access to the subway, which can whisk you to the shopping area in about 5 minutes.	
Sep 20 2004	Best Location For Gay Village		
Sep 15 2004	Tired Hotel		
Jun 23 2004	Beautiful Clean Great service		
Mar 30 2004	Music Festival		
Feb 16 2004	Not A Bad Place		
Feb 10 2004	Recent opinions about this hotel?		
Oct 15 2003	Probably the best value in Montreal for a 4-star hotel		
Sep 2 2003	2 Nights this Past Labor Day Wkend '03		
Nov 25 2002	trip from hell		
Aug 27 2002	Clean and comfortable accomodations		
Oct 22 2009 	super le Spa		
Aug 19 2009 	Très bon hôtel pour sortir dans le Village		
Aug 18 2009 	WOW !! Quelle vue sur MTL !!!!! Un incontournable !!!		
Jan 8 2009	merveilleux hotel		
Apr 4 2008 	Hôtel très intéressant		
Jan 30 2008 	Un gros zéro pour le personnel de la réception !!		
Jul 23 2007 	Excellent		
