Sep 1 2009 	A Good Stay	While this hotel has not received many reviews in the past, I chose this location in large part to it's close proximity to a nearby university where my step-son was enrolling in first year. Not being familiar with the city, we wanted to be nearby. It's location is certainly within a busy downtown area, our night was restful with no complaints of loud noises.While the building is older, our room was found to be spacious, comfortable and quite clean. There was a fully equipped kitchen &amp; dining area that we did not use, the Living Room was nice &amp; comfortable. The bedroom had (2) double beds and while a queen sixze bed would have been preferred, you could say that the room was more accomodating for 3 - 4 people (with a pullout couch in the Living Room). There is an optional $7.99 breakfast which was ok. Parking like many hotels is extra.Would we stay here again? Yes, most certainly. The price, location, cleanliness &amp; space available are the deciding factors.	
Aug 30 2008 	Good value basic hotel	The room was large, pleasant and clean. It had a sofa and separate small kitchen and bathroom. Air conditioning worked, but was noisy (window unit). Excellent value breakfast buffet (bacon, eggs, tinned fruit, yogourt etc). 10 minutes walk from downtown shopping area. Large mall nearby.Problems: desk light broken (reported, but never fixed); very slow internet; sink leaked onto floor.	
Mar 24 2006 	Not recommended	This would rank among my 10 worst hotels. This place looks like an old apartment building converted into a hotel. My room was large with a kitchen, lounge, and bedroom.The bathroom was in desperate need of repairs with faucet leaking and tiles cracked. The carpet was old and faded. One lamp was broken and was not replaced in spite of several requests. The elevators had seen better days.They had a small self-service laundry room but I never managed to wash my clothes -- the few machines were absolutely always busy (or broken). You also had to insert a lot of coins but they had no machine to change bank notes.Service was very casual.As this is not really a hotel there are no dining facilities on-site.Not recommended.	
Mar 9 2005 	La tour	I found this in a great location, the atwater station was a 2 second walk, there was a grocery store and lots of people on the streets in the evenings. We stayed for three nights and enjoyed both the pool and the staff. When we wanted to shop, we walked 10 minutes to the downtown core and enjoyed the day. The other reviews seem a little harsh, and I am unsure what people expect for such little money. I would probably stay again.	
Oct 22 2004	very nice	We stayed here in the summer. The staff was very helpful, the room spacious and clean and the location excellent. We used the pool daily (although it was a little cold). We would gladly stay again.	
Jun 26 2004	Excellent value and location	My husband and I just returned from a week in Montreal. We had originally booked into another hotel which we ended up leaving after one night due to our dissatisfaction with our room. We moved to La Tour Belvedere for the remainder of our vacation. This hotel provides excellent value for your money. I am surprised by the other reviews as our experience was not at all the same. Maybe our expectations were more moderate. We expected friendly staff, a well maintained facility and our rooms to be clean and comfortable. La Tour Belvedere provided all of this. We stayed in a one bedroom suite which consisted of a living room, eating area, a small but efficient kitchen, a separate bedroom with two double beds and a small but clean bathroom. There was daily maid service with the towels, shampoo and soap refreshed daily. For the rates charged at this hotel we did not expect a concierge, room service, restaurant, bar, meeting rooms, etc. It is located within a two minute walk of the Atwater metro station and is an easy walk to the Crescent Street tourist area, It is situated in a residential area which we liked as it made us feel more like one of the locals rather than a tourist. There are a number of very good restaurants within a five minute walk in all directions. I would definitely stay here again and will recommend it to others looking for a moderately priced and centrally located hotel.	
Jan 28 2004	I won't be staying here again	When we arrived we were told that the 1-bedroom suite we had booked was not available and that they had a studio for us at a reduced rate. The property in general was very poorly maintained. When using the bathtub for the first time, brown water came out of the tap! The bathroom sink leaked water onto the items we had to place below because there was no room for them anywhere else. There were areas of the room that appeared not to have been cleaned in quite some time, and some badly patched parts of the walls that looked as if someone had punched holes - perhaps as dissatisfied with their experience as we were? The pool was unusable, as it was covered with a thick green scum.	
Feb 18 2002	Unpleasant experience for too high a price	For less money, you can stay at a real hotel in the downtown area and actually get services, such as housekeeping, proper billing, and assistance with your luggage. La Tour Belvedere's description (and photos) on reservations.lodging.com is very deceptive:&quot;The La Tour Belvedere is newly renovated with spacious furnished suites and fully equipped kitchens.&quot; If this flophouse has been &quot;newly renovated&quot; then I shudder to think about what it looked life BEFORE they renovated it. When we arrived we received no assistance with our luggage. The concierge (who was also the reservation clerk, bookkeeper, housekeeper, bellboy, hotel detective and switchboard operator) offered us no assitance with our luggage; not even the use of a wagon. &quot;Da elevator's over dere. Here's ya key!&quot; This guy also made several errors with our reservations during the weeks leading to our arrival. The &quot;two bedroom&quot; suite we were promised turned out to be a tiny room with 2 &quot;beds&quot;: one bed was actually a convertible couch. The other a murphy bed that we had to pull out of the wall. When we pulled down the Murpht bed (no assistance offered by the Belvedere staff) we were horrified to discover that they hadn't even made the bed from the previous guest. The bed was difficult to pull down and had sharp metal edges that we kept cutting our feet on. There was a dim, flourescent light over the bed giving it that eerie, brothel look. We had top make our own bed with sheets that were scratchy and did not smell clean. There was no shampoo in the bathroom. On a positive note, the kitchen was large and serviceable.&quot;The property is in a superb downtown location in a place of quiet, in the heart of Montreal's vibrant pleasure and business scene.&quot; Yes, it should be &quot;quiet&quot; since it is a good 30 minute walk (or 8 - 10 minute taxi ride) from anything. In fact, though, it was pretty noisy outside since it is in the middle of combination lower-middle class residental / small business (not shops) area. People were outside yelling after coming home from night shifts or an evening of drinking at local (non-tourist) hangouts. When I tried to call my own room from the airport to see if my girlfriend had arrived yet, the concierge/switchboard operator/reservation clerk tried to connect me. When there was no answer, I hung up. When my girlfriend called down to the hotel office later, to ask if there were any messages, she was told &quot;yeah, your boyfriend called and said he will be here in 15 minutes.&quot; I left no such message. In fact I left no message. Since I had not even gotten on my plane to leave for Montreal, it would be hours before I arrived. After an hour passed and I still hadn't arrived, she called the hotel desk again, the concierge/hotel detective/housekeeper said &quot;maybe something happened to him.&quot; My girlfriend was distraught !! She thought I died in a taxicab accident. We moved out this hole-in-the-wall the next morning, but they insisted on charging us for 2 days since we were checking out early. We checked into a Days Inn right in the middle of downtown for $22CAD a night less (and got full American breakfast and a swimming pool thrown in). The Days Inn room was almost twice the size, had daily room service, and all the amenities. WHAT WERE WE THINKING when we selected La Tour Belvedere ?!?!?!?	
