Sep 10 2009 	beautiful stay	My husband and I stayed one night. The room was clean and beautful. I loved the white linen bed.The bed was very comfortable. As for the bathroom, it was very clean and had everything we needed. Everyone was kind, polite and helpful. I will go back when I want to stay in Montreal.	
Jul 19 2009 	Stay away from this hotel	First off, there is no parking at the hotel. You need to have a valet get your car every time you need it. (and of course they charge you for that.) Beds are comfortable but the TV doesn't work and the furniture is old and decrepit. Large yellow stains on the ceiling from who knows what. Very noisy as well from the street. We booked for three nights and checked out after two and they still charged me for the third night even thoough I let them know long before the check-in time for the third night. which I thought was extremely unfair. I go to Montreal on a regular basis and it is the first time I stayed there and it will be the last. I will go back to the Lord Berri.	
Jun 20 2009 	Amazing Service	Travelled to Montreal on business - hotel is in a great location - Downtown Montreal. Room was comfortable and clean but what really made my stay was the service received by staff members. The concierge was superb - remembered me every morning and when I would return back to the hotel in the afternoon - he would remember where I was going in the morning and made it conversation. Front Desk very friendly. Even the General Manager greeted me in the morning while in the lobby waiting for a taxi. They have a great restaurant - if you like Meditteranean food - it's a must to try but really liked the cafe attached to the hotel - nice spot to have a coffee and do some work (wireless internet available).Overall - great experience for the price I paid - I will definetely be returning back.	
Jun 11 2009 	Bad hotel for business maybe ok for leisure	This hotel has one big deal breaker if you are on business. They have a bizarre, arcane limit of 100MB of data traffic over wireless in any 24 hour period. If you go over (and I'm not sure how I did just working on my work wiki) they can't reset it, your MAC address is blocked. Supposedly just for 24 hours but mine never came back on, I was locked out of wireless with work to do. There isn't even an option to pay for more bandwidth, the hotel has no control over this system. If you are in town on business find a different hotel.	
May 5 2009 	Not worth the price	This hotel is in a great location but it was almost $200 per night for a standard room and they charge you $25 per night for parking. There are only 2 elevators and they won't let you use the stairs. We got in after the big UFC fight and it took us 30 mins to get an elevator...the line was crazy.	
Apr 1 2009 	Nice hotel in great location.	I stayed at this hotel around 1998. Amazing location and nice rooms but a bit on the small side. Windows open.ServiceGood service.RoomsNice, clean rooms with modern decor. Location-Great location five minute walk from the Bell Centre, two minute walk to restaurant and bar district, two blocks St. Catherine Street shopping, across the street from Le Cours Mont Royal shopping mall, Metro and the underground City.	
Jan 20 2009 	No-nonsense hotel in the perfect location	I chose this hotel because of location (right next to McGill University where I was visiting) and price. At $100Cdn per night it was significantly cheaper than even the McGill corporate rates at other hotels near by. This hotel is a decent clean hotel with modest amenities. Rooms are smallish and darkish but the beds are comfortable and the toilet works. Be aware that there is only valet parking at $25 per night. Only complaint was no real available electrical plugs -- had to unplug lamps to work the computer. Also, the free WiFi download is limited to 100MB per day -- enough for updating email but if you have teenagers with YouTube addictions, forget it.It's location is great for visiting McGill or walking to the main drags of St. Catherines street or Crescent Street for shopping or bars. The old city or St. Laurent is a bit of a hike but there is a great Metro system.This would be one of my first choices when looking for a room in Montreal.	
Jan 3 2009	Worst hotel experience Ever!!!	Worst experience of my life! I was threatened, mocked and treated badly by rude staff. Rooms were old fashioned. My experience was so bad that it forced me to call 911 after feeling very insecure after staff broke into my room. Manager Salem tohme is the most unreasonable man...and needs some customer service classes. Almost charged $100 for crushed popcorn on the floor until I decided to take on housekeeping job and vacumn the floor they said would take 45 minutes. Good location though. Would NEVER EVER reccomend to stay here uless you like unprofessional staff and haunting memories. Ruined my New years!!!!	
Oct 11 2008	A great place to stay!	We stayed in the Best Western Ville Marie Hotel for six days. We had information about the Hotel from the AAA travel book. The Hotel is in an excellent location in the downtown area. It is within walking distance to numerous restaurants and entertainment areas. It is also within a block of a Metro station. Check -in and check-out went very smoothly because of a very courteous,friendly and efficient staff. During the course of our stay we encountered a problem with the cleaning staff. The problem was dealt with quickly to our satisfaction. The concierge staff was extremely helpful even though they were very busy at peak times.The room was spacious and the bathroom had above average amenities. The bed was very comfortable and had white duvet covers. While at the Hotel we needed access to a computer. We were allowed to use a computer with internet connections which was located in a private business centre room. We were most impressed with the Hotel and recommend it to anyone!!	
Sep 9 2008 	Start of a great tour	Currently in the midst of our North American vacation and having such a lovely time that we thought we would start writing about our journeys. One of the stops on our tour was the Ville Marie which is part of the Best Western chain. We were not too familiar with this franchise as they are not too large where we are from, but we had to admit that it was simply a charming property with an abundance of European influence. As it was our first time in Montreal we were ever so grateful for the aide which the staff provided. The location was quite handy for us to walk everywhere and the maps made available to us by the staff were most helpful. There was a restaurant in the hotel, however we only used it for breakfast, and we chose to have our dinners in the city and experience the local culture. Again, the service of the hotel was most kind to recommend places to dine. As we spent most of our time touring, we did not spend much time in the room, but can assure you that they were clean, comfortable and quite affordable. The Ville Marie certainly started our trip on the right foot.	
Jun 25 2008 	Disturbing!!	I am not sure how this &quot;Hotel&quot; got its rating of 3 stars (although it says 4 stars on a plague in the lobby). I would say it's more like a 1 star motel. The service was very good and they are really doing their best with what they've been given, but my God, it's time for an update to the rooms!! My room was tiny, dank, outdated and had a dirty feeling (I kept my shoes or socks on the whole time). There was no remote control for the T.V., the mini bar had been removed and I read somewhere else that you had to pay to have them bring it back, you have to get up to turn the lights off, the wall paper is ancient and the carpet is old and faded. Now, to the disturbing part, they don't have fitted sheets on the bed, resulting in me waking up in the morning with my face directly on the mattress, I would imagine purchasing some fitted sheets would be a rather inexpensive, somewhat hygienic investment and I actually read about this before going, but hoped that it wasn't true. I wrote a note to housekeeping to please tuck the sheets in the following night and they managed to tuck 3/4 of them in, a small achievement!! The next night, just as I was putting my head down on the pillow, I noticed a blood stain that was not mine, truly gross!! The hotel is in a great location and Montreal is fantastic, but for the price, you can do much, much better.	
Oct 29 2007 	Unbelievable Service	One thing about this hotel that makes it better than other hotels I've been to is the service from the staff. Rooms are not high end but what we expected. The staff....EXCEPTIONAL. The concierge took his time giving us detailed info about the city. The front desk, and in particular Peter, were truly amazing. Bending over backwards to give us service and answer our questions. Housekeeping staff kept our room immaculate. All in all, a very nice change these days when you can go somewhere and get truly exceptional customer service. Would go back to this hotel in a heartbeat.	
Aug 6 2007 	Eh...could do better	In a word, i would give this hotel an &quot;Eh&quot;...the location is unbeatable however. Located just north of Rue St. Catherine, this hotel is far enough away to not have millions of people around all the time, but close enough to everything to feel like you're in the thick of it. Close to a metro, dining, shops, and museums this location couldn't be better. Unfortunately however, the conditions were sub par. The Room was fairly clean but the bedding situation was unusual. There were no sheets on the bed, they expect you to use the spread (dirty) to sleep on. There was only one pillow on the bed and after searching found the other in a bag in the closet. The shower was the best part of the room and offered great pressure and temp control. I read other reviews of this hotel before booking and people were complaining of the air conditioning situation...or lack thereof, which is entirely true. The room on a hot summer day was muggy and not comfy to sleep in and the air conditioning didn't work at all. All in all, if you don't expect much from a one night stay or a similar circumstance then this is a fine place to stay, otherwise i would search for other options.	
Jul 30 2007 	horrible	We stayed at this hotel and I have to say it was horrible.They made us pay for a movie we didn't see, the room was dirty and in desperate need of a renovation and when we ordered room service it took 45 minutes to come.When I talked to the manager about our problems he basicly ignored me put it down to my being a woman.	
Jul 8 2007 	Best Western - Best Concierge!	I just got back from a stay at the Best Western in Montreal for the Jazz Festival. The hotel was very nice, great comfortable beds, large rooms. The location of the hotel is also great, right downtown near some great shopping. However, the best part of the stay was the AMAZING service provided by our concierge - Rami. I have been to Montreal often and have stayed at a lot of different hotels, but this is the first one where the concierge has gone out of his way to make sure our visit to Montreal was truly enjoyable.	
Jul 8 2007	Good location	Stayed for 2 days. Location of Hotel is good, easy to get to other parts of the city.Room was OK, but in need of decoration. Staff helpful.	
Jun 22 2007 	Excellent Location	My parents booked this hotel on my behalf, for a 3 night stay in Montreal. My stay started off on a slightly shaky note though, as I arrived alone at midnight (due to severe train delays on Amtrak!) only to be told that I did not have a reservation. I insisted that I did and only after some shuffling around and my assuring them Id told them I was still coming, did they find my room details. Phew!However after that minor hiccup I was pleased to find that my room was great - good size, extremely comfortable bed, decent closet space, nice large bathroom and lovely view of the Mont Royal. The room was cleaned spotlessly each day and the cleaning staff were pleasant and cheerful. The hotel may look ugly from the outside but its really quite pleasant inside.The hotel lobby/reception isnt impressive and at times is too small for the volume of people arriving at once. However the staff - especially the concierges - were very helpful and the people running the nice coffee show were really nice.(actually, everyone in Montreal was friendly and really welcoming!) but what made it so easy was the location of the hotel. Perfectly located for great restaurants, shops and McGill University. One day we were so tired we literally just crossed the road and had a superb meal. Similarly, as a treat we had planned a breakfast at the Ritz and were delighted to discover it was just 2 minutes walk away! Its also a very safe feeling neighbourhood, and even the station isnt far to walk to at night.All in all a well-priced and well located hotel - dont go thinking it will be a really glamourous experience, but its the perfect choice if you want a comfortable clean and convenient hotel.	
May 1 2007 	Great Location Great Service	I stayed at the Best Western Ville-Marie for three nights in the middle of April. The staff was incredibly helpful through my entire stay. My room was incredibly large and always kept clean.The free internet room downstairs was great! Traveling alone and without a laptop, I was able to keep connected with my friends and family back home. Although there were only two computers, there was never a wait, and I often had the entire room to myself. The location was excellent - very close to the Metro and right next door to McGill University. Plus, all of downtown is within walking distance.The only problem I had was that my room key-card kept deprogramming, but within minutes each time, I had a had a new card (with many apologies from the desk clerks, although it wasn't their fault!)When I checked out, they called a cab for me, and wished me on my way. I will definitely be staying here if I find myself in Montreal again.	
Mar 18 2007 	Great Value for Money	We have stayed at the Best Western Montreal several times during our 6 month stay in Canada. The Staff are very friendly and helpful, rooms are large, beds are comfortable and rooms are clean and tidy. It is a very comfortable, well located, value for money hotel in downtown Montreal. If you are looking for 5 star luxury then this is not for you. If you are looking for value for money this is EXCELLENT.	
Feb 8 2007	Freindly atmoshphere	Our family stays at the hotel every summer and find the staff excellent, and you get the feeling of a homey atmoshphere. I would tell anyone to stay here its so close to everything. The rooms are comfortable, pillows can be better. Overall a great hotel for the price.	
Jan 21 2007 	Beware of the TV system	The TV system in this hotel is confusing, to say the least. You can be put in the position to pay for a movie you didn't watch if you are not VERY careful. The hotel employs an outside company to run its TV system and they don't help customers in trying to get money refunded for services not received.	
Nov 28 2006	Quiet and pleasant	Liked this hotel. Very quiet - was actually given room to self when requested quiet. Would stay there again. Very good. Close to downtown but not in nightime noisy street.	
Oct 15 2006 	Very dissappointed - poor quality motel - never mind a four star	HORRIBLE HOTEL!!!! NEEDS to be renovated really bad! DEFENITELY not a four star as advertised.. I WOULD really have to complain ...Staff is nice but worthless after horrible rooms/ pastic tiles and tab and the oldest elevator I have been since eastern europe.I am not a picky person but paying 135 dollars a night you would think you stay somewhere decent.TRUST ME.. do not stay in that hotel.. lots others to choose from.	
Aug 22 2006 	It was okay but not great	Considering the price that we paid for a double room, it should've been a nicer double room. I felt ripped off. The room was semi clean - the sheets were not pulled tightly and the pillows were flat! The ventilation fan in the bathroom was loud and there were cracks on the wall. The water in the bathtub did not drained properly (it took a while to drained). Some of the great things were ironing board and wireless access in the room, and there is a gym on the third floor. There is a Lebanese restaurant on the ground floor and a cafe. Sure the location was great but there are plenty of hotels around the area.	
Jul 23 2006 	Hidden Costs but Super Service	I called many hotels to get Rates and Discounts, and none stood out like the Guy on the phone here. I had already read about Rami and Peter bending over backwards to help out people in a prior review. Well that name stuck in my head and when I heared that same person on the phone with the caring and will to help and a genuine “we want you to stay with us.” It was something really surprising for North American standards. Well Rami convinced me to book at this hotel for location and service and gave me a great rate with the AAA membership. When I called back at 12pm when we got to Montreal it was their colleague Julie who said that she could put aside a great room for us(as we were already going to be charged anyway) and she didn’t let us down, even though we only checked in at 4pm that great room on the 18th floor with a view on of the mountain was on hold for us. Now let me tell you about check in. It was Peter saying &quot;anything you want sir we are at your service&quot;. He looked at me and suggested clubs and VIP line bypass and gave us a rundown of the events in Montreal that weekend. From the Firework competition to the Comedy Festival and even restaurants and getting around the city on their METRO. I am 32 and I come in from Toronto with my Mom to visit my sister and some friends I had met in Cuba over the last year. So it was different things that we wanted to do, but they were upto the task and we had a great time.Now this was the only bigger hotel that acted like the small Bed &amp;Breakfasts where the owners tell you where to go and what to do. In the larger Hoity Toity joints I would have probably got a great cooperate rate but I have never liked dealing with the snotty Concierges, who make you feel like they are opening the gates of heaven to me by giving you confidential info.The only drawbacks were just the added cost of $10/night if you wanted a mini fridge brought to the room and 88cents+12cents(tax) so that was ONE DOLLAR PER LOCAL CALL. This is ok if you make just a couple of calls but my sister and many friends are Montreal’s soo that added up like a drink bill on a cruise ship. Then the only other thing was that if you wanted a room with 2 double beds it was 8 bucks more even if you didn’t have any more than 2 people staying in the room. So now you are probably saying this is nothing just a bit more but – it can add up very quickly and mean about $40 more at checkout. This is something that I wouldn’t see at any other 4star hotel but this is what makes me think of this place as a Best Western. Only annoying thing – Getting ICE – 19floors – but ice machines only on 4 floors. That means if you want a COLD drink at any given time you more than likely will have to take an elevator to get some ice. But I will still be back at this hotel, why?STAFF, LOCATION and SERVICEI will just bring up a cooler and tell everyone to call me or bring my voice over IP with laptop.	
Apr 25 2006	Wonderful	On a recent trip to Canada, my husband and I took a train to Montreal. What a wonderful city! We stayed at the Best Western Ville Marie right in downtown and were very pleased with our choice. The price was reasonable and the hotel will provide you with free internet access if you have a laptop (The technical support was superb in helping me establish a connection). The hotel is right in the middle of everything and everything else is within walking distance. We had a fabulous time in Montreal and would highly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 16 2006 	Great staff clean classy friendly!	Fantastic location- literally seconds away from Rue Ste. Catherine and the nearest Metro stop.Concierge, front desk were amazing- very accommodating, willing to put my luggage in storage for over a day no cost, very knowledgeable about tourist spots, how to get there, best eats, etc. etc.Much classier than your typical best western. My room was 100% clean and very spacious and had a great view of the downtown district.	
Feb 3 2006 	Had a great time	I stayed at this hotel and found very nice. The price was reasonable and the service was great. The front desk and conceirge staff were extremly helpfull. I would definetly recomend this hotel to anyone.	
Dec 22 2005	Best Deal in Montreal - Wonderful Staff -- Great Location	OVERALL:We stayed here in August 2005, about the same time as the previous reviewers. We booked somewhat in advance and did not have any issues getting a non-smoking room.Our room was clean and there were no maintenance problems.The lobby of this hotel is very nice, although it was a little more spread out / strangely configured than most hotel lobbies. The lobby had a very nice chandelier and fountain. There is a valet / concierge when you enter. It is definitely much nicer than your typical Best Western.--------------------------------WHAT WE LIKED:The staff!!! The two staff, Peter and Rami were outstanding!!!! They bent over backwards to discuss sightseeing ideas, restaurants, directions and to make reservations for us. They were INCREDIBLY friendly and helpful. I received the type of service from them that I would expect at a five star hotel like the Ritz Carlton.The location was great! It is located a couple of blocks from the Metro, it was very close to the top restaurants in the city and to the beginning of the shopping area. Since it was centrally located, a lot of the places we went were walkable to us (e.g., the old city), although some people who don't like walking may think otherwise.There was a very nice Lebanese restaurant adjoining the hotel as well as a café. The restaurant seemed a lot nicer than restaurants in other hotels of this price range.For what you received, you couldn't beat the price in Montreal. Just book far enough in advance with the understanding that depending on who/where you book it from, the price will vary dramatically -- you have to bargain hunt for discounts. We paid less than $125 / night.-----------------------WHAT WE DIDN'T LIKE:During our stay, we happened to be across the street from the Omni hotel staff strike. Our room/window was facing the Omni Hotel. With that in mind, they were playing loud music and screaming through megaphones. Although they didn't picket late at night or real early in the morning, it was early enough to be our wake-up call.NOTE: This is not the hotel's fault and there is nothing they could do about this.	
Aug 29 2005	Do not stay at this hotel!	This hotel was the worst hotel we have ever stayed at. My friends and I had an exciting weekend planned in downtown Montreal. We had originally booked a non-smoking room. I guaranteed it using my credit card. When we arrived at the hotel, which was at about 2:30 am, we found out there were no non-smoking rooms available. The person at the desk told me that I did not reserve a non-smoking room. He then blatantly lied to me that he checked the reservation system. Because when I called Best Western, they checked and it clearly said NON-SMOKING. Anyways we had to settle for a smoking suite. We soon realized that the suite had a leaking ceiling. They told us they would work on the ceiling. In addition, the room was extremely musti and one of my friends had an asthma condition. Because of the smoke, she was not in the best shape. They then promised us another room. They explicitly told us that we could get another non-smoking room as a room had cleared up. But then when we got back to the hotel after a few hours, they said they had fixed the ceiling and that there were still no rooms available. The hotel did absolutely nothing for us. They couldn't move us to another room because the hotel was packed. For our troubles they gave us a $25 credit for the cott we used. In addition they gave us a complimentary suit cover that said Best Western. We were not impressed. We filed a complaint with the Best Western Customer Service. The general manager replied that there was nothing else he could do. The general manager explicitly told me &quot;Sir we had to maximize our revenue that night.&quot; Please do not stay here. This hotel doesn't deserve squat. They do not deserve to be licensed. They do not deserve to be standing on the ground they are on. In the end, Best Western Customer Service, gave us 2 free nights by crediting us Gold Crown Points. The hotel is independently owned so they can do whatever they choose to do to their customers. Best Western Customer service was even surprised at how poorly the hotel handled the situation. The general manager is simply not a nice person and has no feelings towards his customers. These are the plain facts. Email me if you have any questions or concerns about what happened.	
Aug 12 2005	Don't go to this hotel!!	This hotel is very good located, the rooms are ok, the bathroom is ok. However the price per room is very expensive, I paid 370 $ for 3 nights.My problems with this hotel, started when I went into my room. I asked for a non smoking room and I found my room terrible smoked. It smelt disgusting. I asked for another room, but they couldn't change my room, because the hotel was completed that weekend. My first night was terrible. I ask the second night for new sheets and blanket, etc. They told me ok, but they didn't replaces them. On the top of all the street is very noise!I don't spend too much time in the hotel, The only thing I want is a clean room, a good bed and silent. And I didn't get it from this hotel and I spend lots of money in it.	
Mar 22 2005	Would not stay at this hotel again.		
Feb 21 2005	Very nice		
Oct 26 2004	If you are looking for Peace and Relaxation. STAY AWAY from it		
May 28 2004	Excellent		
Mar 13 2004	what a great Discovery		
Dec 23 2003	Loved the service		
Nov 26 2003	my stay at Best Western		
Sep 29 2003	Nowhere near a 4 star		
Apr 21 2003	Not a 4 star hotel		
Apr 17 2003	Pretty Nice For A Best Western!		
Oct 18 2009 	?????		
Aug 14 2009 	Très bon hotel très bien situé excellent petit déjeuner		
