Sep 11 2009 	Not going back	Negatives:Bathroom: Probably the worst part - tiny, the flimsy door didn't close all the way and the toilet didn't flush on the first try- had to call management. Also extremely thin towels-paper thin so bring your own! And don't expect to use the Shampoo and Conditioner, it is very low quality. Beds: Comfortable but very thin sheets with holes and some stains. Overall room and hotel: dark and gloomy with a musty smell Kitchen turned me off from wanting to prepare any food in it- small, awkward, simple and lousy repairs done in an attempt to &quot;update&quot; itPositives: A plus was that some rooms have a living room so if you are with more than one person you have 2 rooms (TV in lving room). Fridge was helpful Parking for about $10 or $15 a dayLocation is good- actually it's the only one in the area which is why we got stuck at the Terrasse. Next to the shops, supermarkets and subway in the areaAlso:If you have to go there, get breakfast from next door at Au Pain D'ore- the bread, pastries and coffee are all great and highly recommended! Also Avoid Second Cup across the street!	
Aug 9 2009 	Perfect for working while relaxing	This is not the location for somebody looking for high class accommodations, but it certainly met my expectations and my needs and my budget.I stayed here for one week at the beginning of August. I was attending an academic meeting for which I had to prepare a tutorial on the final day, and I also had to complete some other work. I needed to spend quite a bit of time in the room doing work on my laptop. In the past, some hotel rooms have not afforded good working conditions - I was thrilled by the set-up of my suite at Hotel Terrasse Royale. I was in room 304, overlooking Cote-des-Neiges - it was perfect for people watching while I worked. The suite had an entryway complete with coat closet, a decent sized bathroom (tub with shower), a fairly small bedroom (large bed, dresser, 2 end tables, walk-in closet equipped with iron and ironing board), a living room (3 seater couch, arm chair, desk with chair, table with 3 chairs, coffee table, tv), and a kitchenette (full size microwave, small stove (4 burners, but only 1 large, narrow), apartment size fridge with freezer), coffee maker, kettle, toaster, bar sink, and all the utensils and dinnerware to make it work). The room was looking a little worn, but it was very clean and functional. I highly recommend this for anybody with a longer stay in Montreal. It was very affordable, particularly as you really don't need to eat out with the kitchen setup. Within a block of the hotel, there was a full size grocery store, a smaller high-end fruit/veggie/bread/deli/gourmet shop, and a very reasonably priced fresh fruit and veggie stand. There are also many small restaurants as well as some chains (St. Huberts, Nickels), but I only ate out a couple of times. I much preferred to cook myself something and relax in front of the tv before getting back to work. The hotel has a small laundry room downstairs - it cost $1.50 for the washer, $1.50 for the dryer, and I was able to buy detergent for the load for $1 from the front desk (who also could have made change if I needed it).The location was wonderful - just a block away from the Cote de Neiges metro station on the blue line. so access to most areas of the city was an easy ride. The neighbourhood has several interesting things as well - Mount Royal, the oratory, etc..The front desk staff were great. I arrived very early and the only room ready did not have a kitchenette as booked - upon looking at the length of my stay (6 nights), the staff suggested that I wait until another room was ready. They kept my bag for me and I went across the road to the Second Cup where I had internet access, a scone, and some great tea sitting in the atrium in the back. Before returning, I did a quick grocery shop. The room was ready by 1:00 and I was able to check in. They also helped me figure out when to leave for an early morning flight, got me up in time, and arranged for the cab to the airport. Always service with a smile.I was so impressed with the comfort of my stay, I re-booked there for later this week when I will be attending a conference located downtown. Although I will have to take the metro to and from it, I think that the comfortable environment (really feeling at the end of the day like I am coming home because I have all the amenities of home) is worth the travel time (particularly with the metro being so handy). For my budget, any hotel downtown that I could have afforded would have been in the 2-2.5 star range. One downside is that as it is not located downtown, so transportation from the airport is not ideal. On the way to the hotel, I took the $15 airport bus to downtown and then took the metro to the hotel (took about 30 minutes) - on the way back, I took a cab for $27 (in the wee hours of the morning, so no traffic). The metro in Montreal is great, but it's not very accessible - most stations don't appear to have elevators or escalators, so if you are toting some bags, be aware that you may have to tote them up and down stairs. I'm going back next week and will stick to a cab.	
Jul 8 2009 	Wonderful experience!	I was a little hesitant due to the mixed reviews I had read here, but wow! The room was clean, comfortable and better than I had imagined! I was staying with my mother, who found the bed too soft for her back and once she had expressed this to the manager, he immediately gave us a new room with a mattress that met her needs. The staff was mostly friendly and courteous (with the exception of the guy working nights on the desk), and it was great. It is very close to everything and anything you could need or want, with the exception of Tim Horton's. Not a big deal to me, but for my mother and my husband, it's an obstacle which can be overcome. My mother bought coffees on the way back from the Eaton Centre and brought them to the hotel, and my husband is planning to bring a one cup coffee maker and some Tim's coffee grounds with us when we return, later this month. There is a Shopper's Drug Mart with wonderful staff just up the street, a St. Jerome's Chicken and Ribs next door to Terrasse Royale, and a Subway. A Second Cup is across the street as is a 24 hour grocery store. Down the street is a fruit market, and it is within walking distance of Jewish General Hospital. DO NOT eat at Nickel's. It is a 50's diner across from the hotel. We thought it would be great, but the food is awful and it is hideously overpriced!!! There is a little coffee shop across from the hotel (not Second Cup) which serves food and it was wonderful and not badly priced at all. There is a bus stop right outside Shopper's and you can get a transfer to take you on the subway to the Eaton Centre. For two people, it cost only $5.25. Not bad!The other way, past Jewish General is a mall of sorts with Zellers and Canadian Tire in it. Very dirty! Not at all what you'd want to shop in, but if you need something from there...I am going back to Jewish General for surgery later this month, and we will definately be staying at Terrasse Royale.	
Jul 8 2009	convenient to hospitals	My mother and I stayed here when visiting a relative in the Jewish General Hospital (Hopital Generale Juif). From what we could tell, it was the only hotel in the area - an area which according to my map has seven hospitals. Our room was comfortable and spacious, with two double beds, a kitchenette, a giant closet, and a separate living room. For anyone needing to stay near the hospital it was very convenient - about a 10-minute walk or a very short cab ride from the Jewish Hospital, and, as other reviewers have noted, lots of stores and restaurants and 24-hour amenities nearby.The room was clean but our major complaint was the smell. It was a smoking room, and they had used copious amounts of room deodorizer to mask the odors. Even with the windows open and the fan blowing for 16 hours, the dank, chemical, stale smell was still very noticeable the next morning. They do have nonsmoking rooms available. The room was in the back and reasonably quiet. We did not hear any noises from other guests during our brief overnight stay,If I were to come back to Montreal I would probably look for a nicer hotel in a different area, but for the purpose of our trip this hotel was just fine; the decor may have been dated and the place a bit shabby, but overall it was a good location, good value, and the staff were very pleasant.	
Sep 4 2007 	As advertised	As the other reviewers had indicated the hotel is well located near a subway stop and has indoor parking (it's tight maneuvering!) at a modest fee. The neighborhood around it was very nice and there were convenient restaurants and a supermarket within a block. It was a great location unless you needed to be within walking distance of downtown. But the subway being so nearby makes even this irrelevant.The hotel looked clean as well. The only issue was my wife's distress at the &quot;look&quot; of the room. It had older furniture and was not enticing although the suite was very spacious - two full size beds in one room plus a sofa-bed in the other. There was a small kitchen and the bathroom was ok. The furniture was dated, the curtains, walls, etc. were ordinary, etc., and that was enough for her to object - strenuously. We had to leave.So we went to another hotel that had a smaller room and was a smoking room which smelled. The subway was 4 blocks away (but the hotel had a shuttle.) However, the lobby and furniture were very good and the parking lot was ample and outdoors. She preferred this hotel much more. Oh well...So if you care about space and comfort and value and convenience, Hotel Terrasse Royal is for you. If you care about appearances, it's not.	
Mar 2 2007	OK Stay	Stayed at the Terrasse Royale for 5 nights. I booked this property based upon the good reviews on this site. The hotel is in a fantastic neighborhood, with grocery stores, pharmacy, cafes. restaurants, and the metro all within easy walking distance. Parking was available under the hotel and there is a washer/dryer in the basement, very convenient. Our apartment had a nice little balcony, living room with cable TV, small full kitchen, bathroom and separate closed bedroom with a HUGE closet (which I loved). It was not, however, the cleanest. The carpet was so grimy that my feet were black after I walked across it a few times. Bought flip flops. The worst was the pubic hair I found in the fridge right after we arrived: I figured that cleaning staff must have used the same cloth to wipe out the fridge as was used in the bathroom. I had to clean the kitchen. Positives: the price was very cheap for a one bedroom apt. and the neighborhood was great. If we stay here again, I will ask to see the room before checking in.	
Jul 14 2006	Great location not-so-great room.	I agree with previous reviewers- location is great, but rooms are problematic. Our room had the most horrible smell- I can't imagine what it was. Since we visited on a very windy day, an open window helped a bit. Another reviewer mentioned that the bathrooms are &quot;weird&quot;. Our room (which was huge and sparsely furnished) had a toilet and sink on one end and the shower/bath on the other- 2 completely separate rooms on either side of the suite. I suspect this building was an elderly care facility before it was a hotel. Also, our room was supposed to have a kitchenette (and was certainly large enough to accommodate one), but did not. Since the hotel was full, we were stuck with our stinky, weird room. We arrived at 4pm and were told the parking area was full. Good thing for us we found a spot on the street. The price is good, the location is good, but the place needs to be cleaned and updated.	
Jul 2 2006	Couldn't beat it	We loved it. The neighbohood was safe, lively and busy all the time, and convenient. With the metro just down the street from the hotel, it was about 15 minutes to get into the city center. I was just there with my spouse and 8 year old child and should we go back to Montreal again, we will stay there. The staff was friendly and helpful and the rooms were fine....especially considering the price. It was a good place for a family with young children because as all parents know, you can't take them to restaurants every night. The kitchen was equiped well enough for us to enjoy a simple meal at home after a long day of being tourists. The supermarket across the street (open 24 hours) made it all the easier.	
Jun 23 2006	Great location room was below average	The positives: The location is perfect. There is anything you could want or need within a 5 minute walk. Including the subway into the heart of town. The parking garage is the best place for your car to stay for the duration of your visit unless you are leaving town. I couldn't possilby explain how great the location is, though, without writing for days. We had so much fun exploring the stores, cafes, college, cathedral, etc., etc., etc. The staff was polite. Completely &quot;functional&quot;, but very polite. The room was quite large.The negatives: I read reviews here which called this place a hidden gem and a superior value. I wouldn't come close to calling it that. It was extremely plain. The room was very poorly lit and very drab. The furniture was quite old, not in that &quot;wow, look at the beautiful antique&quot; way... but in the &quot;wow, did they buy that a yard sale&quot; sort of way. The kitchenette wasn't clean, although I had no need or desire to use it. The bathroom was weird. I know that isn't very descriptive, but it was weird. It was clean, but it was almost like it was added much later or something. It didn't fit and it was difficult to even move around in there (speaking as a thin person, I can't imagine a heavy person being in there). The bed wasn't very comfortable.It could be a cultural difference, but the staff wasn't very helpful. They were polite and nice. They just did ONLY what you asked and it was very perfunctory. There was no warmth and they didn't speak unless spoken to. We chalked that up to cultural differences, but I probably would've moved past the boring, old room if the staff had wowed me with charm (you know you've done it... stayed somewhere that was a 3 and you've been &quot;wowed&quot; into remembering it as a 5 by the service). Instead, it was a vanilla room was accompanied with vanilla service. Thus the vanilla rating.	
Jun 6 2006 	Very good value	The Terrasse Royale has seen better days, and it is short on upscale amenities.But it is very comfortable, clean and the limited service is excellent. WIFI in rooms.The suiites are well furnished (armchair, desk), the beds are comfortable, the kitchens adequate with very limited implements (2 glasses, one pot!). My room had a balcony which unfortunately overlooked a totally dismal &quot;back of restaurants&quot; landscape, with expected ventilation noises. Room was very quiet at night though.Service was very good (when, going out in the morning, I reported a leak at the tap in the bathroom, the whole tap assembly had been changed when returned at noon).Location is very good for those wanting to cook meals (which, judging by the absence of smells, very few did): 24 hr. supermarket across the street. Also 24hr pharmacy. Metro one block away.Variety of restaurants on Cöte des Neiges. Not great, but adequate (roast chicken chain StHubert next door). Lots of coffee/sandwich &quot;bars&quot; (Second Cup, Van Houtte, Brülerie..)East India Company restaurant at the end of Côte des Neiges is passable.Excellent value for moderate budget, alll in all.	
Apr 28 2006	Great Stay	Stayed here in November and loved it. It is away from most of the other hotels in Montreal but that was fine with me, since it was very close to a Metro station so getting around town was easy.The room was big, clean and the small kitchen was great for making your own breakfast and saving some money. The area is near St. Josephs Oratory a little bit away from downtown but the area had plenty of restaurants, cafes and had much more going on than I thought it would. They have off street parking underneath the hotel which is good since I didn't see anyplace else to park.Highly reccommended.	
Oct 21 2005	Great place to stay!	Being unfamiliar with Montreal, I was hesitant to stay in a neighborhood as opposed to downtown, but boy am I glad I did. Hotel Terrasse Royale is in an excellent location, in the Cote-des-Neiges neighborhood. Whereas downtown is dark and pretty isolated at night, my husband and I could step out the hotel lobby in the evenings and stroll up and down the street. It's a lively area, with lots of people walking and shopping at all hours. There are at least two 24 hour cafes across the street, a grocery, pharmacy, and fruit/fromagerie as well. There's an outdoor market down the block, and the metro subway is a couple blocks.That said, the hotel itself is very nice. These are large studio apartments, 1-bedrooms and 2 bedroom efficiencies. We stayed a week in the studio for about $700 canadian including tax. The room was huge compared to standard hotel rooms. It had a very comfy king-sized bed, a sitting room with a couch and chair and tv, a walk-in closet, a little kitchen with micro, toaster, sink and little fridge/freezer, plus plates, silverware, etc. The bathroom was standard. Most importantly, for me at least, is that the hotel is spotless! I'm basically a freak about hotel beds, mostly grossed out at your standard 3 and 4 star hotels. Not here!! The linens were soft and crisp, the mattress was pillow top, and the pillows were all lined under the pillow cases. The bottom sheet was well tucked around the mattress (I hate when you can see the mattress). There was daily maid service, and they had no problem sending up extra pillows.The staff at the front desk were real friendly and helpful. A bonjour or bon soir and then proceed in English. (The whole of the city is bilingual without hesitation.)Parking was more convenient than any hotel I've ever been in, honestly. Downstairs, beneath the building...an automatic door directly on Cote-des- Neiges. Only $10 a day, with in and out privileges. I did take a look at the larger suites before leaving (they were full up with a bus tour when we checked in, and the staff offered to let us switch rooms when they tour cleared out, but we were so happy with the studio we stayed put). The larger rooms would be great for couples travelling together, or travelling with kids.The only negative I heard was from another American couple staying in one of the front suites with the balcony, that they could hear the traffic at night, but that it wasn't too bad. My husband and I were in a side room, with a view of the sunset and partial view of the street and slept with the windows wide open, and didn't notice the street noise at all.There is a cafe off the lobby which is convenient for breakfast. There's a bookstore and cafe next door, and many stores and restaurants right on the blocks surrounding the hotel. The St Joseph's oratory is in view from the lobby entrance, hence the bus tours. The Vietnamese restaurant a couple doors down is fantastic! And be sure to visit the several large markets, such as the Jean-Talon market for a great experience, all easily accessible from the metro or by car! (We navigated by the lonely planet guidebook and it was simple.)All in all, I'll never stay anywhere else when visiting Montreal. The rooms are spotless, the staff friendly, the parking convenient and cheap, and the neighborhood is safe and bustling. A real Montreal experience.	
Jul 28 2005 	A jewel in the midst of a multi ethnic community!	The hotel is perfectly located with coffee shops and restaurants which stay open late, a 24 hour big grocery store, a wonderful bakery with freshly baked breads and pastries, right outside its front door!For the researcher and avid reader, the University of Montreal with its many libraries, is right around the corner (less than 10 minutes walking), and two major Francophone bookstores are right outside the hotel, including the largest Francophone bookstore in Montreal.For the busy person who wants to see as much of Montreal as possible and needs to move around fast and at a low cost, the subway station is on the same street as the hotel, only one block away!The hotel staff is discreet and yet, attentive to the needs of customers. Everyone I interacted with, from the front desk personnel to the cleaning lady was very courteous and friendly, every single time. This confirmed my initial impression when I called (two different times) the hotel for information prior to booking a room, and also when I got a prompt response after communicating by e.mail. The hotel is very safe, and there is always someone at the front desk paying attention. As a woman traveling by myself, I felt safe and protected.The hotel 'room' is really more like a small appartment with a seperate living room (with a sofa, an armchair, and a T.V.), a desk, a kitchen table, several chairs, a full size stove and refrigerator, plenty of pots and pans and dishes, a coffee maker, a toaster, and a large sink. The bedroom part is private, with a door which separates it from the living room/kitchen area. My room had two big beds, a chest drawer, and a big walk-in closet. The bathroom was small in comparaison, but it was fine. Overall, the 'appartment' was very pleasant. Also, I was able to control my own unit for the air conditionner. Finally, I never heard noises next door, such as a phone ringing in a nearby room, or people talking, etc.I would go back and stay in this hotel any time, and I recommend it most highly!A very happy customer, who hopes to return.Soraya,Atlanta, Georgia	
May 12 2005	An Undiscovered Gem	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 weeks when I was having surgery at the Jewish General hospital and during my post-op recovery It was located within a few blocks of the hospital which made it easy for my wife to walk to visit me several times a day. We found the accomodations very clean and comfortable and the staff extremely friendly and cooperative-willingly making a number of accomodations to address our personal situation. It is located in a cosmopolitain area with many interesting little restaurants and shops reflecting the multicultural mileau of the locale. It is also right on the bus and subway line making it quick and easy to get to downtown Montreal. Great value for your money. We will definitely return soon.	
Apr 6 2005	Location	This hotel is situated in a gem of a location close to universite de Montreal, the Jewish general and St.Marys Hospitals.	
Aug 24 2004	what a terrific surprise..	I recently had a terrific stay at this hotel....I found the area its located to be perfect, and the staff to be very friendly and accomodating....The room was perfect, as ordered, and it all made for a very pleasant stay....I will definately stay here again, and soon !!	
Sep 20 2009 	épouvantable!		
