Oct 14 2009 	nothing but good things to say about this place	Upon walking in, we were warmly welcomed by the staff. She offered us several helpful maps and sightseeing options, and mentioned that admission to the Architecture museum was free with our keycards. Other staff members were just as helpful - one recommended and called in our reservation for a terrific French bistro a block away.The room itself was quite comfortable, and very clean. Fresh towels were placed in the bathroom daily, and though the bathroom itself wasn't enormous it was still large enough for two people to get ready for the day. Bed was comfortable, sheets were clean and the pillows were soft.Breakfast was included with our stay and consisted of a sensible spread of croissants, cereal, hard-boiled eggs, fruit salad, cheese, and cold meats (salami, ham). Seating available in the boudoir as well as the lobby and area near the stairs.The location itself is fantastic - it's not on the busiest of streets but only a few blocks away from Rue St. Catherine and the Guy-Concordia Metro station (the entrance on St. Mathieu is closest). For those that like exercise, there is a Bixi station half a block away on Sherbrooke St.Highly recommended. Will definitely return here for our next visit.	
Oct 9 2009 	top notch staff and breakfast buffet	This place was lovely and the amenities were great. The breakfast buffet was wonderful- 2 kinds of quiche, eggs, yogurt, croissants, toast, fresh fruit, and more. Delish! The staff was bilingual and quite happy to help with directions, restaurant suggestions, reservations, etc. Just generally pleasant folks all round. We were near the breakfast room and had our fire alarm go off because of the toast- making in the morning, so they kindly moved us to a nicer room for the rest of our stay. Cushy bathrobes, super nice sheets, great water pressure (even upstairs) and plenty of hot water for two showers. Free internet access a plus. Located in the museum district about two short blocks from the Metro which gave us access to lots us sightseeing, shopping, dining. Only caveat would be the stairs- if you were not able to get around well, it might be a problem, however, I'm sure they would do whatever they could to help. Overall, one of the nicest places I've ever stayed.	
Oct 8 2009 	Wonderful stay	We had read the reviews of Chateau Versailles and thought we knew what to expect. We did upgrade our room upon arrival, and even then we thought it was a value. The staff was very helpful and we called upon the front desk and concierge daily with &quot;touristy&quot; questions. They were always helpful and patient with us, and in one instance saved us a lot of money on tickets to a festival with some &quot;home town local&quot; information.The rooms were clean, the breakfast buffett was flavorful and filling and the location was close to the metro and many good resturants. I would absolutely recommend this hotel and would like to return again, myself.	
Oct 7 2009 	Glad we chose the Chateau	We spent three nights at the Chateau during September. Let me start by saying that if you are looking for a luxury hotel with all the amenities, then don't stay here and end up giving it a one star rating because it was not up to your 'requirements.' But if you are looking for a somewhat unique place, and can tolerate a few inconveniences, such as no elevator, then this is an option you should consider.We were very satisfied with our stay. We had a nice room on the third floor, a room that was not in the cookie-cutter category of most hotels. The bathroom was a bit small, but must be considered within the structure of the building. I would also comment that the carpet appeared somewhat worn. Other than that, we had all we needed.I had no problems with the front desk staff. I did not find them to be aloof or snooty, as some others have commented. In fact, when we checked in they actually advised us of the $7 parking down the street as an option to their own $24 a night fee. Our check-in and check-out both went smoothly, and the bellman was on the spot to handle our luggage and take care of our vehicle.With respect to our vehicle, once we checked-in, we left it unused for the duration of our stay. The subway stop is a short 2 blocks from the hotel, and in fact you can catch a bus right outside the hotel which will take you the 2 blocks down to the subway station. Once you get to the subway, so much of the city instantly becomes accessible to you.Previously the Chateau charged for wireless internet. Happily they have recently changed that policy, and it is now free. Also included in the room price is a breakfast offering a nice selection of foods and set up in a lovely relaxing room.In short, we were happy with our choice and look forward to staying there again.	
Sep 21 2009 	Can't understand the negative reviews!!!!	Just spent the weekend at Chateau Versailles, Sept. 18 to 20, 2009. Even though we had one of the small, &quot;cheaper&quot; rooms, on the first floor, it was lovely! Cute, clean, funkily decorated, good quaility towels and toiletries! The staff were very friendly and helpful, we were charged accordingly, and enjoyed the free breakfast provided. If you are looking for the cookie cutter nature of a large hotel, this hotel is NOT for you. However, if you like art, antiques, and good service, enjoy the Chateau Versailles!Karla and GrantHamilton and Toronto, Ontario Canada	
Sep 6 2009 	Great boutique hotel! We loved it!	We stayed at Chateau Versailles for three nights in early September, having booked the hotel back in March. I checked reviews of the hotel when we booked it and it sounded great. Just before we left on our trip, I checked the reviews again and became concerned due to some negative reviews. Our experience wasn't perfect, but we would stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat.We arrived by car around 5pm on September 2nd and it was a pretty warm day. We were initially assigned room #206. The room was warm so we cranked up the AC, only to find the room temperature didn't change. We called reception and they sent an engineer who told us we didn't have control over our room temperature... it was controlled by other rooms. We didn't quite understand that, but were offered a different room, which we accepted. The room was a bit smaller, but the AC worked. Our room was on the second floor facing the street. Noise was not a problem. (There is no elevator in the hotel.) Our room had a nice marble bathroom, comfortable queen bed, soothing decor. If you drive to Montreal, there are two options for parking a car: valet parking at Le Meridien across the street for $24/day, or public outdoor parking just down the street for $7/day. We chose the latter and left our car there for 3 nights.The breakfast buffet is exceptional: quiche, hard-boiled eggs, croissants, pain au chocolat, ham, cheeses, breads, juices, cereals, coffee and tea.If there was one thing we weren't thilled with, it was some of the front-desk staff in the afternoons/evenings. Our first day there were two young women, (Sara was one of them) who were great and very helpful. The other two afternoons there were also young women at the front desk. They seemed preoccupied with things other than helping us and didn't know a thing about local restaurants. Yvonne was at the front desk each morning. She is knowledgeable and helpful.Only 2 blocks from the metro, we liked the location of Chateau Versailles because it's n not in the middle of a touist area.Free Wi-Fi that worked perfectly.If you want large rooms, a concierge at your servive at all times, an elevator, and everything as perfect as possible, you probably don't want a boutique hotel, so don't stay here. If you enjoy boutique hotels, I highly recommend Chateau Versailles.	
Sep 2 2009 	We loved this place.	This place was recommended by a friend who always stays there whenever she visits her in-laws in Montreal. It is the perfect combination of a cozy inn with the clean feeling of a proper hotel. It consists of two buildings that are attached, and you have to go on a bit of a labyrinthine journey to get from one building to another, but that's part of its charm. I don't believe there are elevators. The rooms are a tad small, but it is a major city, after all, and for the price it was fine for us. The bathrooms were extremely clean, there was WiFi (although the access was spotty, though I don't know if that's the hotel's fault), valet parking for a fee, and a delicious breakfast buffet with plenty of croissants, quiche, fruit, etc. It's minutes away from Mont Royal and the subway is 2 blocks away, so it's easy to access the rest of the city. We liked that it wasn't amid the hordes of tourists so we didn't mind having to do a mini commute to get to the tourist spots. The person at reception was a little aloof, but as much as any reception at a hotel would be. We didn't mind it too much, because we liked the anonymity of being in a hotel. Highly recommended!	
Aug 18 2009 	Fantastic Little Hotel in Beautiful Montreal Near McGill University	My wife and I just returned from one week at the Chateau Versailles in Montreal. We went to Montreal for the first time to sightsee and attend the Rogers Cup Tennis Tournament. The Chateau Versailles turned out to be the perfect choice for us. The positives: Close to subway; Nice breakfast in the morning which was included in the room price; Incredibly courteous and helpful staff members, including Yvonne, Issam and Fernanda at the front desk; a small, quaint hotel (we were glad we didn't stay in a high rise hotel); free internet access from the community computer, which was usually open when I needed it. Negatives: If you don't like stairs, this isn't the right hotel for you; Paying a low price like we did probably means you'll get a small room with a tiny bathroom. If you can't handle that, don't book a low-priced room. Because of a small water leak in our small room, we were kindly moved to a larger room facing Sherbrooke Street. The room was fantastic, very roomy and classy. While the noise wasn't a big problem, the management should invest in triple-pane windows for the front of the hotel, which would cut down on street noise considerably and save on energy costs. All-in-all, we had a great stay and can highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 15 2009 	Terrible Customer Service	We stayed in Montreal at the Chateau Versailles over the July 4th weekend. The hotel is clean and nice and has an old world charm.After we checked out and returned home, we got an additional bill for 75 dollars. When we called to check on it, the Manager told us that we drank 1 bottle of red wine, 1 Bailleys and some other assortment of liquor from the room!! It was unbelievable! My husband and I do not drink and to be charged for this was ridiculous. We tried explaining it , but the guy was so rude and refused to listen. He even claimed to have found the &quot;bottles&quot; in the trash! There is no way we can prove it. Looks like whoever came in to clean the room after we checked out must have swiped the drinks.It was unpleasant and very unfair that we have to pay for something we never used.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. SInce you dont want to go home after your trip to hear that you need to pay extra for somethig you never used!!!	
Jun 21 2009 	Stay somwhere else	stayed here for 5 nights and was very disappointed ffrom the start. Right on busy main road and our room was very small and very noisy. Booked superior room so would not have like to see standard room! Room VERY dark with dark coloured walls and bedcovers. A lick of cream paint and new bedcovers would work wonders. Complained and asked for room move which was accommodated. 2nd room better but still dark and not very inviting. Very old building with lots of stairs and no elevator so with lots of luggage and no porter a real nuisance. Breakfast was good and served in nice room however not a lot of space and on our last morning we were informed that an early breakfast (7am) would not be possible. Location is OK close to Museum of Fine Arts and some bars/restaurants and metro. However during our stay we found much nicer locations (Old Town, Plateau) and would recommend staying somewhere else.	
Jun 20 2009 	"Tired" Boutique Hotel	I have travelled to Montreal for business 3-4 times a year over the last 10 years. Having stayed at other hotels in the past, I was looking forward to staying at the Chateau Versailles for it's &quot;boutique&quot; atmosphere. Perhaps my expectations were too high, but I was disappointed overall.Although charming in appearance at first glance, after taking a closer look, I would say the hotel overall looks &quot;tired&quot;, and could use a bit of a facelift. I was travelling with a sizeable group from my company, and more than a few of us asked to be transferred over to the Meridien hotel across the street after the first night - a request which was fulfilled by the hotel staff.My main reasons for moving were as follows: My room was small and dark. I had requested a king sized bed, ended up getting a double. The bed was very uncomfortable, with a very, very firm mattress that tended to &quot;pop-up&quot; on the opposite end, when you sat down on the corner of it. The bed cover was old and worn, and looked dirty. The sheets, blanket and pillows were all reminiscent of a cheaper motel, and not a boutique hotel. There was no full length mirror, and the &quot;armoire&quot; in the corner was creaky, cheap looking, and had a door that wouldn't close.By contrast, the bathroom was more or less ok. The shower head and drain were very old and loose, but the rest of the bathroom looked completely new. My main issue with the bathroom was that there was almost no counter space to put any of my things on. A little shelf would have been nice.Since the building is old, there is some noise expected. The floors are creaky, and you could hear everyone walking on the floor above.The common areas of the hotel are quaint, and the breakfast room was lovely, with a very nice continental breakfast served. I didn't have much interaction with the staff, other than when I asked to be moved. They were friendly and efficient in accomplishing that. Interestingly though, they didn't ask me why I wanted to move. I would have thought that the hotel would want to know why someone asks to be moved 1 day into their 4 night stay.The rate my company paid was $170 per night, and I would definitely not come back again at this rate. I believe it is very poor value for that price. If you can get a rate closer to $100 per night, I would say you're getting what you paid for.I will not be staying here again in future. For the same rate, you can get a very comfortable bed at the Meridien across the street or the Delta on Avenue President Kennedy. The sheets feel newer, there is a duvet on the bed, and the rooms are a bit bigger with a desk to work at if you need to.	
Apr 28 2009 	Nice base for touring Montreal	I stayed 3 nights (Wed-Sat) at the Chateau Versailles in April 2009 after finding a rate of $51/night plus taxes through another website. The location was very convenient for exploring Montreal - easy to walk to other neighborhoods or to metro which is only 2 blocks away. I had requested early check-in prior to arrival and was pleased that my room was ready when I checked in at 11am. A little disappointed to have a lower-level room, but expected it due to the rate I got. The room itself faced Sherbrooke St. and had large windows which let in ample daylight. Was concerned about noise from street, but had no issues sleeping as traffic (foot &amp; auto) drops off dramatically at night. The continental breakfast was good and is included in the room rate. All staff I encountered were friendly and able to help with any questions. Another plus - the hotel is serviced by the L'Aerobus airport shuttle which made my transport from and back to the airport easy.	
Apr 24 2009 	J'adore le Chateau. Don't hesitate to stay here.	I spent 2 nights here last weekend and was quite happy. The front-desk staff was very kind and efficient, the free breakfast was a nice touch (if not a bit repetitive) and the location was great in my opinion. I unfortunately got stuck with one of the &quot;street level&quot; (i.e. basement) rooms which faced the small, unkept courtyard so it was quite dark in the room (even with all the lights and lamps switched on) but I don't go to Montreal to spend time in the hotel so it wasn't a big deal. The only really negative thing I experienced was the constant sound of other guests walking in the rooms above me as well those inconsiderate people who felt it was OK to speak very loudly in the hallway and continuously slam their door at 4:00AM. I didn't get much sleep at all and it would be nice if the hotel could improve the sound-proofing somehow (or at least do something about the doors so they close more quietly).Parking tip: if you're going to be using your car during the day, consider skipping the valet. I found plenty of metered parking around the hotel which is free in the evenings and overnight. Just be sure to read the signs and move the car or feed the machine by 9AM (1PM on Sundays).	
Apr 24 2009 	Excellent location friendly service charming ample room.	This hotel belongs to the more modern Meridien across the street but has the charm of being an old house. My room had a fireplace and was quite large. The breakfast is more than decent.	
Mar 22 2009 	A Wonderful Experience	We have just come back from our three-night, four-day visit to Montreal. Our stay at this charming place was a truly wonderful experience. EYES - this is a charming old block of four houses renovated inside to connect the houses into one connected area. The architectural style was beautiful throughout, including the rooms tastefully painted and pleasing to the eyes. The rooms were not large, but our goal was not really to lounge around but rather to spend as much time sight seeing. The bathroom was well appointed and luxuriously clean, although also not very large. There was no elevator, and even though we stayed on the top floor, we did not mind the stairs. We also felt that the carpet needed to be replaced. The break fast was just a fabulous experience: a decent selection of cereals, delicious hams and cheeses, excellent quality jams, pastries, juice and some other items were more than than enough to please the discriminating guest, and to prepare you for the daily &quot;grind&quot; of touring the city. EARS - this fantastic breakfast feast was situated in a truly charming little salon (&quot;Le Boudoir&quot;) where classical music played in the background tastefully accompanying our gastronomic experience. The whole decor and furniture also served the function of maintaining the level of intimacy we could actually &quot;hear&quot;, adding to the feeling of being constantly pampered. One of the hotel supervisors, M Homère Hugo, was there (at our last breakfast) to make us feel more at home by offering some pleasantries with his sincere and friendly manner. As guests, we appreciated and very much enjoyed this personal touch. M Hugo did not only have a pleasant manner, more than that, his way of conversing with us was welcoming, warm, and sincere, rather than conducted in the function of &quot;doing a job to please guests&quot;.TOUCH - all the hotel staff clearly had one goal in mind, to do whatever is necessary to help us feel welcome and enjoy our stay. We were impressed by their dedication and attention to detail in all situations, from offering advice as to where the &quot;best &quot; of something was, to explaining on the ma how to get there, to making a reservation at a local restaurant. When we arrived, went to our room, and noticed a discernible amount of noise from an air conditioning unit, we were offered a choice between two other rooms without a single question or hitch. Although the bed was comfortable, my personal taste would have preferred a memory foam or pillow-top type mattress. BRAVO to ALL the staff - we shall be back!!	
Dec 27 2008 	Not so charming	Billed as so charming...which means, long steep staircase to the entrance, and no elevators, I guess. This was quite a problem and a bad surprise. The room was very cute, but small. For an old building, the modernized bath was nice. Had a problem with the TV (like to catch the stock activity when market opens). A maintenance man sent up informed me some of the equipment was missing. This tells me rooms are rented without going over a checklist of 'does everything work'. It could not be fixed before my departure. A complaint to the desk the next morn elicited 'sorry for the inconvenience' my least favorite response. Wireless is extra in this hotel. Breakfast was terrific. A lovely room with lots of healthful choices. Then down those steep stairs to go.	
Nov 13 2008	What a gem!	This is a true Montreal hotel. It is small, so a boutiqe hotel, but everything is personalized. I really loved it, everything from its location (it's on Sherbrooke street in downtown) to its very personalized customer service. Leave aside Montreal, I don't think I've stayed in a nicer hotel, period.	
Oct 26 2008	Excellent Hotel - Special Rate Available	This is a great hotel in the center of downtown. It is the true definition of a boutique hotel. I do have special rates still available for that hotel. If interested, check the listing on the Montreal Craigslist or Kijiji	
Oct 1 2008 	5 stars	Chateau Versailles was the best place we’ve been in our trip to Canada. I was expected a regular hotel but they surprised me with a extremely upscale place but not saucy. Just loved it! Great location, great staff and a incredible bed! Our room was downstairs, very spacious and confortable.Breakfast was perfect small, served in a classic style room. Normally I wouldn’t choose this kind of place because we are young and like modern touches, now I am so happy I did.	
Oct 1 2008 	Outstanding Hotel	We recently stayed at the Chateau Versailles while vising Montreal. The location was perfect in tertms of being near the high end shopping, museums, restaurants. The staff was very pleasant and helpful. The accomodations were very nicely appointed and well kept. The breakfast was delicious and full of variety! I would definately recommend this charming hotel to anyone vising Montreal!	
Sep 14 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed at this hotel mid-September 08 and really enjoyed our experience. Our room was on the first floor and was very spacious. We arrived early and the host happily stored our luggage in a locked room until we could check in. The receptionists were a great help in giving us suggestions on where to explore and to eat. The hotel is in a great location to walk many places and close to a Metro station. It is just a couple blocks walk to Crescent St. where there are many restaurants and bars (check for happy hour deals!). The hotel had a decent sized breakfast spread each morning. There were only two downsides for us-- when we got in our room, it was very hot and the air seemed to not be working. We contacted the front desk and by that evening when we returned from dinner, it was fixed and worked great the rest of our stay. The other downside is that they do not have free wireless internet. The do have a computer with internet you can use for free, but sometimes you have to wait a while. (Tip for internet use-- Chateau Versailles and Le Meridian, across the street, are owned by the same company, and there are two computers with internet for guest use on the second floor of Le Meridian.) All in all, we loved our stay, cleanliness, service, and value were great. We would definitely stay at Chateau Versailles again!	
Aug 23 2008 	Nice Hotel - Smallish rooms and No Elevators	We recently stayed there during a business trip.The hotel is in a good location - especially if you don't have a car. Lots for places to walk to; shopping and restaurants.The staff was helpful and informative when we asked them for guidance.The room we were given was on the 4th floor - which is their top floor. The room was small but well appointed. They don't have elevators so that was a bit of a hassle, especially after a day of hiking or walking around old town. The room was small but it had everything we needed.They served a nice breakfast in the mornings with enough variety to keep most people happy.They don't have a restaurant on site but they are right across the street from their sister hotel (Meridian) and there are lots of restaurants within a 10 min walk. Very close to a metro stop.If we were to stay there again; I would request a room on the lower floors :-)	
Jul 24 2008 	Loved this hotel!	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in November 2007. The staff was super friendly and helpful, and let us store our bags until we were able to check in (we arrived early that morning from Toronto) and they even let us check in early! The rooms were small but very cozy, with bright colours on the walls and cute decor. Everything was super clean and tidy, and there were lots of towels available. The only complaint (which has nothing to do with the hotel) was how COLD it was in Montreal in November, but we were expecting that anyway. We would stay at Chateau Versailles again for sure!	
Jun 28 2008 	Great Hotel	I stayed at Chateau Versailles for four nights in June. I booked through the website gtahotels.com and got an amazing rate of only CAN$80 per night with NO SINGLE SUPPLEMENT!! For an hotel of this standard this was simply amazing.The staff were polite and helpful at all times.The room was of a good size, clean and modern in decor. The bathroom was lovely.Breakfast was included in my hotel rate and was very good and tasty - a good selection of cereals, breads, cheeses, coldcuts and hot drinks and juice all available at the buffet.I wanted to see as much of Montreal as I could and found this location to be ideal - it is a short stroll from the Guy-Concordia Metro (less than 5 mins) and downtown is a CAN$10 taxi ride.I was very satisfied indeed with the hotel and with Montreal, which is one of the best cities I've visited - I love the mix of people, the food is amazing, the city is so diverse and interesting and there's LOADS to do!!!	
Jun 10 2008 	Hidden Secret of Montreal - A 5 Star Gem.	I arranged a stay for my wife, her two sisters, her mother and her two nephews. Unfortunately the reason for the travel was a funeral. The trip was very short notice and the city was completely booked up for the Grand Prix. I had to arrange everything from the States over the phone. The hotel staff went out of their way to accommodate my wife's family. To start they upgraded their room to a suite at the regular room rate. And by the time my wife and her family arrived everything was in place. They arranged baby-sitting services for the children right in the hotel room. The arranged transportation services. The concierge service took care of every detail. My wife and her family did not so much as carry a piece of luggage once they arrived at the hotel's doorstep. It was the best possible experience under such tragic circumstances. Each person they encountered greeted them with kindness, a smile, and left them with the impression that they were welcome guests in their [the hotel staffs'] home. The experience was so much appreciated, it will be the only hotel we stay in when visiting Montreal.	
May 10 2008 	Disaster diverted - Just!	My girlfriend and I recently spent 4 nights at the Chateau Versailles in Montreal. To say we have a vast insight to the variety of rooms they offer would be an understatement. Upon checking into what we thought was a smoking room (as requested at booking) we were advised in no uncertain terms that the hotel does not have any smoking rooms and were therefore allocated a non-smoking room. We reluctantly accepted and checked into what was a rather nice boutique style room. The room was pastel in colour, of adequate size and with a funky art deco style bathroom.The next morning i spoke with the very polite and helpful receptionist and asked if in fact there were any smoking rooms - we were advised that yes there were and happily accepted a transfer. (Quite why we were told there were no smoking rooms in the first place by the rather unhelpful girl on the front desk at check in is beyond me).As you can expect we were now happy to indulge in our filfthy habit and settled into our new room (as nice a standard as the previous one)Upon returning to our room after a day exploring Montreal, we were shocked to discover that we could not open our doors. Upon consulation with firstly the front desk and then with the maintenance guys it turned out that the door lock had malfunctioned and we would therefore have to be relocated into the sister hotel (Le Meridien) across the street. After agreeing to do this the hotel then backtracked and advised we would still have to stay in the Chateau versailles and after a half hour delay we were found another room (3rd so far).Although our new room was bigger it had a number of flaws. Firstly the room lacked any kind of daylight, the bathroom was tiny and more importantly the room was as hot as hell!. Unusually for this time of year Montreal happened to be really warm that weekend (23c) and trying to sleep in this sweat box became unbearable so much so the next morning we complained to the front desk.Luckily for us the nicer of the ladies on reception happened to be there and offered to find us yet another room. As you can imagine we were now becoming a little stressed out and frustrated with the sorry chain of events. To our delight, however we were immediately offered a free upgrade to one of the hotels suites (smoking also). This went some way to making up for all the problems we had had so far.The suite itself was beautiful - massive in size with spacious living and bedrooms areas and topped off with a jacuzzi.It was a bit of a shame as the hotel itself was really nice, with (on the whole) good service, nice rooms, an ample free breakfast and a good location. If it wasnt for the chain of events i would be considering a 4-5 rating. On the other hand if it wasnt for the excellent customer service given by that one lady a rating of 1 or 2 may have been awarded. As it happens we will compromise with a 3.Montreal, however is a fantastic city, full of warm friendly people and far nicer than dull Toronto.	
Apr 9 2008 	Cozy weekend at the Chateau Versailles	My girlfriend and I spent 2 nights at the Chateau Versailles. The cab from Gare Centrale (Grand Central train station) took around 15 minutes and cost under $10.The hotel is lovely and quaint. The check-in and check-out process was quick and simple. The hotel offers wifi at $16 per night. We were charged the wifi fee for both nights even though we only requested the first night. The problem was fixed without hassle.You are not in &quot;downtown downtown&quot; Montreal, but we considered this an advantage, as it separated us from the tourists and the noise the nightlife brings. We are avid walkers- it's about 20 min to St. Catherines Street and about 30 minutes to St. Laurent Street. For those less inclined, regular serviced bus routes are nearby, as well as a Metro subway station.Breakfast was wonderful- fresh croissants, cereal, deli meats, cheeses, juice and coffee. We stocked up for the train ride home!We booked a Standard room and assigned a room on the third floor. While cozy, the size of the room was fine. The bathroom is admittedly on the smaller size, but it's not unbearable for an average sized person.We would recommend this hotel for a romantic getaway. The front desk staff was helpful, polite and informative. We would stay again!	
Sep 29 2007 	Boutique Hotel in out of the way location	I noticed that other writers had differed on their opinion of this hotels location. I would say that it was the Hotels greatest drawback. I was making a return trip to Montreal after a brief visit in August. The Chateau Versailles was mistakenly booked for me (I had wanted the Meridien Versailles across the street). The Hotel is great if you are visitng the Sherbroke galleries or the museums. However, for tourists wanting proximity to the metro, the old city or the mont royal area this is toooooo out of the way. The hotel itself is located in two older buildings. It has a very small lobby with staff that seemed less than enthusiastic. I was in a really large room in what seemed like the basement. The windows looked out on the sidewalk! The room seemed as if it was more for families. The breakfast was okay. There is also a nice bakery down the street for afternoon tea etc. and you can dine in the museums. There weren't any restaurants nearby, but a 20 minute walk to the St. Catherines shopping area yielded a lively restaurant scene. I wouldn't recommend this walk after dark for a woman alone.	
Sep 26 2007 	Satisfied!	My husband and I stayed at Chateau Versailles over Labor Day weekend and enjoyed our stay. The front desk staff was very courteous and helpful. We were in a standard room on the 4th floor which was nice and quiet. Being a pregnant woman the climb up the stairs was a little challenging but not nearly impossible. The room was a bit small and the bathroom tiny, but this only added to the coziness and charm of the hotel in our opinion. We didn't spend much time in there so it wasn't a real issue. Overall the hotel was very clean and well maintained, the continental breakfast was wonderful and the location unbeatable. It was a $35 cab ride from the airport, which is about 20 minutes away. We walked to just about every part of the city and felt safe the entire time! We were in walking distance to museums, shopping, coffee shops, restaurants, etc. We would definitely stay here again when in Montreal.	
Sep 17 2007 	Better than expected	After reading some of the reviews for Chateau Versailles, I was expecting a &quot;cosy&quot; (i.e. cramped) room. However, the price was right and it was well located, so I thought I'd give it a try. My boyfriend and I were booked into a &quot;Standard&quot; room for 4 nights. I was pleasantly surprised to find that there was plenty of space for the 2 of us, and that the room was comfortable and very clean. We didn't have any problems with street noise and found the staff to be very friendly. The continental breakfast was tasty and even included &quot;creton&quot;, a French-Canadian specialty! As I said, I chose the hotel for its location and the fact that it is within walking distance of the metro (subway), museums, restaurants, bars, shopping, etc. made it easy to enjoy Montreal. Minor drawbacks to the hotel - just two: the size of the bathroom (definitely smallish!) and the downstairs location of our room (we had a window, but not much natural light). These small details didn't put a damper on our trip, though. We had a great time in Montreal and were glad that we stayed at the Chateau Versailles!	
Sep 8 2007 	Comfortable great location classic not elegant	Great location, older hotel with older plumbing, baths, etc. But very clean and comfortable. Great location on Sherbrooke Avenue with museums, galleries and great restaurant nearby. Sfaff very friendly and helpful. My room was small, ideal for one person. After leaving an upscale boutique hotel this would be considered modest, but one must consider that this is an older renovated establishment. Breakfast room very nice and sufficient internet facilities. Clean and comfortable and not fancy.I would return alone again, but not to share with another person. The bathroom is too small.	
Sep 5 2007 	Nice hotel; good staff	Stayed at the Chateau Versailles for 4 nights. I booked a &quot;Deluxe&quot; room after I read the other reviews on this site that mentioned poor room placement and noise associated with the standard rate rooms. While our room was nice, &quot;Deluxe&quot; is a bit of an overstatement. The room was still small and the bathroom smaller; I feel the only real benefit of booking a higher class room would be location. The staff was very pleasant and helpful; reccomeded several good restaurants in the area. The breakfast was outstanding- breads, fresh fruit, cheese, yogurt, cold cereals, etc. Very nicely done and well kept-up. The hotel's location is good; the metro station was a very short walk away as were lots of great restaurants and shops. All in all I would return and reccomed to others!	
Aug 24 2007 	Simply Wonderful	We felt Chateau Versailles was a beautiful hotel for our Montreal get-away. We were there for 5 nights, Friday-Tuesday. The staff is wonderfully polite and very helpful, as well as being fluently bilingual. The only snag we had is that the front desk ran out of key cards, so a porter showed us to our room where we waited for the bellman to bring our suitcases and the key cards up to us. Our room was comfortable and well decorated with a nice view of the neighborhood. We were two flights up, and had to climb stairs because there is no elevator, but we didn't mind that. The location is excellent -- we were within walking distance of the fine arts museum and a number of restaurants and shops, and we were only three short blocks from a metro stop so it was easy to get to other places in the city as well. We heard a little noise from the street, but not much. They also had a business center that allowed us to keep in touch with the rest of the world via e-mail &amp; the web for free.Breakfast is included and served in a very comfortable room where you have a choice of sitting at small tables or comfortable couches near the fireplace (we were there in the summer, so the fireplace wasn't in use, but it was a really lovely setting). Breakfast was served buffet-style and included a variety of breads, butter, jam, cheese, mixed fruit, hard boiled eggs, croissants, chocolate croissants, yogurt, a variety of dry cereals, milk, juice, and coffee. We definitely look forward to visiting Montreal again and staying at Chateau Versailles. We highly recommend it.	
Aug 19 2007	Very nice hotel in a great location	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights and I was very favorably impressed all around with the quality of this hotel. Chateau Versailles has a nice character to it: it is small and cozy. There are only three floors and there must be around (I'm estimating) 50 to 60 rooms altogether, which gives it a personal touch. The room I stayed in was quite large and the furniture was elegant and in perfect condition. The bedsheets and towels were in great shape. The bathroom was a little on the small side, but this is a minor issue. The hotel has a business center with two computers from which you can access the internet for free, which was a nice plus. You can also get wireless internet in your room but you have to pay for that connection. Breakfast was good and it was included with the price of the room. Finally, the location of the hotel was convenient: it's right in downtown Montreal. There are good restaurants and bars only a few blocks away and the nearest metro stop is about 200 meters from the hotel.	
Aug 14 2007 	wonderful hotel experience in lovely city	We stayed two nights in July. We were traveling with a second couple. We had a wonderful hotel experience in a lovely city.It began with a pleasant greeting and efficient check-in by a super staff. Their experience showed in their efforts to make our visit special. We felt like guests. The rooms were well laid out and spotless. The bed was comfortable and linens were soft. The desk staff provided assistance on local sights and restaurants. The rainy weather even provided them with an opportunity to lend umbrellas. A continental breakfast was included. It was a delightful way to start each day. While the breakfast room was small a helpful staff member cleared areas quickly when they were empty. When we were leaving the staff made us feel as though we would be missed. I will certainly use the Chateau Versailles on our next visit to Montreal.	
Aug 10 2007 	Lovely little hotel	I just took my first-ever totally solo pleasure trip and chose Montreal and the Chateau Versailles. It was the perfect choice -- absolutely lovely and very comfortable. My room was very small, but as I was alone, this suited me fine. It was decorated in wonderfully rich colors and the linens were beautiful. The hotel staff was exceedingly helpful and polite -- front desk staffers, maids, breakfast attendant, bellmen -- all could not have been nicer. I also found the hotel's location to be ideal. It's on a main street, just two blocks from a Metro stop, but still relatively quiet. The breakfast was continental, meaning nothing fancy, but ample, very nicely presented, and tasty. The only slight issue I had was an occasional odd smell, almost like sweat, in the bathroom. I think I isolated it to the shower curtain, and I could have asked for a new one, but it wasn't a big deal. I would absolutely return to this hotel on my next trip to Montreal.	
Aug 8 2007 	Loved the Chateau!	Just got back today after having a wonderful time in Montreal! I booked this hotel on Travelocity and got excellent deal. I don't know how we got it, but we paid far less than any other site I saw at the time or since then. It was a sweet deal! ($76 a night!). So after reading the reviews, I was positive we'd get a room in the noisy first floor or worse in the basement! But au contraire! We arrived and were informed that we had been upgraded to a &quot;delux&quot; room with a king sized bed! It was a very nicely sized room, very quiet off the street. We really lucked out, I could see how the 1st floor rooms or those on the street could be noisy. Which could really affect your stay. Our room was very comfortable, well appointed and quaint. We really felt at home.The breakfast in the boudoir was a nice touch. It was nice to not have to worry about that meal. Croissants, nice fresh bread, fruit, cereal, hard boiled eggs. Nothing fancy, but a great start to the day.There's a sparse exercise room (a bike, treadmill, and a cable type home gym)... but who cares... you're on vacation right? There are 2 computers you can use to surf and print things. You might have to wait to get on. The hotel is a converted house so there's not a very large lobby or front desk, but it has most of what you'd need.The staff is wonderful, bilingual and very helpful. There's a full time (7AM-11PM) consierge (she/he works across the street at their other hotel Le Meridian). They helped us a lot making restaurant reservations and looking into tours. Housecleaning was good and transparent, we never noticed them, which I guess is good.Location is great! It's downtown, but a block or two off the really busy part (St. Catherine). The Metro stop is 1.5 blocks away. There is a lot to do with in walking distance. We walked a LOT. It was about 2Km to the Old Town or Chinatown. A few blocks to the main shopping area (storefronts and underground malls). There are LOTS of food options, touristy places (Rue Cresent) as well as CHEAP eats. There's a college nearby (Concordia University), which means cheap food, coffeshops and internet cafes). A few Metro stops from places like Plateau, The Latin Quartier, and Mile End that have nearly endless places to eat.So bottomline: look out for deals. Call ahead and book on the 2nd or 3rd floors. Bring comfortable shoes or buy a Metro pass. Or walk to help burn some of the 1000's of calories you'll indulge in some great food.	
Jul 8 2007 	so charming!	we stayed here for 3 nights and loved it! it was our first trip to montreal and so i did plenty of researching. we look for the authentic experience we we travel. this place was great. it felt very european. the room was on the small side but quite comfortable. it's decorated beautifully, i love the colors and the view was of a viney green courtyard off the back of the building. quiet enough, you are in a city after all. good breakfast, delicious breads, pastries, ceral, yogurt, etc. the staff was very friendly and helpful.the only reason we didn't give it an &quot;excellent&quot; rating was the smoky smell upon entering our room. we quickly became accutomed to it and didn't notice it much.a good restaurant close by is called the cafe europa. it's across the street and down a half block, located near some new constructuon. small, locally owned with a wide variety of very reasonably priced european food. try the goulash or weiner schnitzel!not your cookie cutter hotel and thats why we loved it!	
Jun 13 2007 	Ok but noisy	We had booked and prepaid the hotel through Expedia. Although we had asked for a smoking room, on check in there was only one room left and it was non-smoking, so we were forced to go outside to smoke and then go through a move the next day. This really put a bad start to the four days. We were moved the next day and the room was very nice, but if you open the window, there is considerable noise from the traffic. The included breakfact is simple, cereal, bread, juice and coffee. Finding a seat can be difficult when the hotel is full. Be prepared to walk up stairs, or try to get a room on the same floor as the desk or only one above.	
Jun 10 2007 	Don't stay on level 1	We purchased a trip to Montreal on a website. We were scheduled to be in a STANDARD room. This room includes a DOUBLE bed, rather than Queen or King. The room offered to us was also in the basement - 1st floor - and it was kind of a cave like feeling. We requested a move and for $30 more a night we were given a King room with fireplace. The bathrooms at this hotel are rather small (would be uncomfortable for 2 people). Our second room was lovely, and the breakfast was nice - although there is not always enough seating. The staff was quite good.	
May 4 2007 	Convenient pleasant clean	We stayed at Ch,V. on our recent long-weekend trip to Montreal. We found the hotel to be conveniently located on upscale Sherbrook St., steps from museums, restaurants and shopping. Old Montral, Latin Quarter and Plateau are quite a bit farther but Its only a couple of blocks to the Metro.The Hotel is clean. Our room was not big but comfortable and was nicely equiped. Central heating didn't work (was turned off, according to the front desk) despite the fact that the overnight temprature was 3 Celsius.(Corridors were heated but not the rooms ?!) We were however promptly given a space heater and extra blankets. The bathroom was clean, high averageBreakfast consists of an average continental buffet, adequate though nothing exciting to write home about.The staff was helpful and pleasant.I would stay here again - probably in a larger room though.	
Apr 26 2007 	Will always stay here	I have stayed here on 3 occasions in the last 2 years. This hotel is perfect in location and services. The staff is old world and very helpful and friendlly. The breakfast that is included is perfect in quality and variety. I ask for a quiet room and &quot;walla&quot; I am given a quiet room. Location is pefect if by foot or with car. The rooms are comfortable with yummy beds. I'm picky and travel alot and this hotel has it all. Great comfort and service.	
Feb 20 2007 	Great hotel for a weekend stay	This hotel is great! Our room was beautiful and the hotel staff was very friendly. My girlfriends and I stayed in the honeymoon suite so there was plenty of room for the 3 of us. It is very close to the metro, shopping, great restaurants and the Museum of Fine Arts. After spending the day in the freezing cold it was nice to have some place comfortable to come home to!	
Jan 10 2007 	Dr. Jekyll 	I was at this hotel twice in a week, on the first and the last night of my business journey to Canada.The first night I was really amazed: I had a very large room with a relaxing bed to recover from jet lag and a large desk to work comfortably. Wow - I thought - this place is a real bargain and much nicer than expected.The second night was very different. I spent the same amount of money but I was given a dark room in the basement so small that I could not keep my suitcase open and walk around the bed at the same time. Walking up and down to the basement on a steep, narrow staircase with my luggage was not pleasent as well.Rooms are clean and in good order. Staff is very polite and helpful. Continental breakfast is almost non-existent.Although the Chateau Versailles is overall a pleasant hotel, I would probably make a different choice next time I am in Montreal.	
Dec 3 2006 	Nice hotel central location good price	Overall, top marks for this small hotel in Montreal. The Hotel was conveniently located at just a short stroll from St Catherine's street, the main shopping artery in Montreal and just s stone's drop from the subway station.Rooms were well furnished and equipped with nice fluffy pillows and soft quality bedding, tasteful well kept furnishings and they didn't miss all the extra touches such as coffee machine, bath robes, complimentary umbrellas, quality Evelyn and Cabtree toiletries (-as appossed as God knows what own brand, possibly safeway savers-) had I know, I would have not carried mine all the way from England. The rooms were well heated, ideal for those Montreal cold nights.Breakfast was probably the weakest aspect of this hotel, as the selection wasn't huge but what they had tasted delicious. Boiled eggs, two types of bread, sponge cake, croissant, pain au chocolat, cheese cubes, peanut butter, jam, chopped fruit (most of it from the can) orange juice (fresh), tea and coffee... that was about it,...Also, here's a tip, if you book their superior rooms through their 'shopping package' it works cheaper than booking a standard room and they rooms are much nicer.The hotel staff was helpful, although I wasn't impressed with their recommended guided tour company 'Grayline' as they dumped me and a few other people on a site and left.	
Nov 23 2006 	Wonderful!	This was our honeymoon, and my husband and I both loved it. Not only were the rooms (and the entire hotel) clean and well decorated, but the staff was all very friendly and helpful. Furthermore, it was only a short walk from museums and great shopping, plus a Metro station, so it was beyond easy to find exciting things to do everyday. I would return in a heartbeat!	
Oct 25 2006 	Nice enough but I could have done better	Stayed in the Hotel Versailles on a two-day trip to Montreal. I don't remember what I paid for it but I think, had I done my homework, I could have found a nicer hotel in a more exciting part of town.First of all, the parking situation at the hotel is terrible. Most urban hotels I've been to feature underground or valet parking, or have a relationship with a lot nearby where you can get a good discount. I pulled up to the front of the hotel which is on a pretty busy street, and had to wave the bellhop out to have him tell me I was pretty much on my own for parking, but they would valet-park my car nearby for $25 a night. I guess that's not so bad but it seemed like a tough way to make a few bucks for a supposedly classy hotel.Check-in was fine, a few different free newspapers available in the lobby were a nice touch. The room, although nothing spectacular, was clean and well-decorated. The bed and the furniture were comfortable. It was a cold day, so I turned up the heat and it responded well. Unfortunately, the hotel is downhill from a hospital, and consequently there are many sirens.The immediate area outside the hotel is OK, but as I wasn't there for tourism, I just walked around for awhile. There is a bank right across rue Sherbrooke with a secure ATM. As another reviewer said there is a boulangerie two blocks east of the hotel. Definitely try it out. It was my favorite experience of the time I was there. If you head south you come into a more commercial area with small shops and different restaurants. It was crowded (Saturday night) with a surprisingly diverse mix of young people. As I just found out, that's because Montreal's largest university is in the area.So, overall--not bad. But do your homework and make sure you are OK with a somewhat noisy location.	
Oct 9 2006 	PERFECT! Quiet 	This was our first trip to Montreal and our first to use Tripadvisor to help us select a hotel. I found the personal reviews of this hotel to be invaluable and hope our experience will help others.The hotel was very nice and what I expected. Very quiet, out of the busy hotel sections, but close to so much! It was clean, no offensive odors, and nicely decorated. Our room was a little small, but that's more because we booked at the last minute and didn't want to pay a lot. I know there were other rooms that were much more spacious. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Our pillows were a bit lofty, but we both fell asleep no problem. The breakfast the next morning was excellent! Everything from fruit to some hard boiled eggs! It was great! Loved the bathrobes too!We had a little situation with the Valet parking, but they were very accommodating and offered a great solution. You see, our driver side window button broke a few days before our trip. With no time to get it fixed, we taped the button in a &quot;locked&quot; position, but if you happened to hit the button the window would go down, but not back up. Well we forgot to tell them about that...kinda figured they'd see the piece of tape on the button and figure it out. Anyway, they unrolled the window to enter the parking garage, but then couldn't get the window back up. Not too secure huh? When we returned from dinner, they told us what happened. They offered to move our car out of the garage and into their own lot next to the security camera and watch it all night for us. So there our car sat, window down all night under the watchful eye of the camera and staff member. It was a great solution. The next morning my husband and a staff member were able to get the window back up, but they also took off the valet parking fee! That was totally unexpected since it really wasn't their fault. How were they to know?!We ate at 2 restaurants that I wanted to comment about. Moiser's on St. Laurent. The concierge at Le Meridan suggested it for meat lovers. It's a very, very expensive steakhouse. There were many locals, many families, 3 renditions of Happy Birthday and children. If you don't want to be around kids, because you left them at home, like we did :) , this may not be the right place. Everything is a la carte, so a meal for 2 without drinks was $140. We split a plate of asparagus and you could easily do that too. Also, there was not much style there. My plate arrived with a hunk of meat on it. Nothing else. I was not impressed. We should have looked at the menu before being seated. The other restaurant was Stash's in Old Montreal. Wonderful Polish food, very talented piano player if you happen to catch him, and great atmosphere. A little more reasonable...$68 with drinks! We also found a great place to park in Old Montreal for free! Yes, free on Sat and Sunday only. It was on Rue St. Henri. If the river is at your back, the street is way to the left. It was great to park there and walk around all day in Old Montreal. And yes, the window was up!We loved the city, loved the hotel, wouldn't recommend Moisher's, but would definitely tell you to try Stash's!	
Oct 8 2006 	OVER RATED!!!	My husband and I recently took a couple of days off to celebrate our anniversary. I must have searched the internet for hours looking for that perfect place, I wanted a romantic quiet establishement, something special. All the review that I read on this hotel made me believe that it was that special romantic retreat. It was not. I booked the king room with a fireplace. First of all, It is not a real fireplace but and electric light. very tacky...the TV did not face the bed, the carpets were stained, the drapes smelled and the bed spread was a very dark color and did not smell clean and the sheets must have been 50 count. If that was not bad enough, the room was located within a very short distance (about 8 to 10 ft) of the front desk. If we could hear people whispering in the lobby! We felt as if we had zero privacy. This place was terrible and expensive. If you are thinking of staying at this hotel, keep searching, you can do much better.	
Mar 29 2006	Wonderful place!	We had a wonderful stay there! It has a good location, quiet but close to many attractions including the Museum of Fine Arts. The staff was professional, friendly, helpful, and informative. The rooms were beautiful. It was truly the cherry on top of my trip to Montreal! I highly recommend it for couples.	
Dec 4 2005 	Boutique Hotel - Four Visits - Definitely Above Average	I have now stayed here 4 times over the past year - 4 different rooms: 1 excellent; 2 fine and 1 OK (a little tired with thin walls - located at the back of the building, but still very OK).Hotel location is great; staff is friendly and helpful; decor is fine; rooms are very clean; TV and in room CD/radio work. Latest room was very quiet. The continental breakfast is included in the rate; subtantial with choices &amp; definitely above average for a continental breakfast.My only beefs: I couldn't turn the heating down - so, room was a little on the warm side (hey it's December and snowing outside); the tea at breakfast left a lot to be desired - minimal in the big scheme of things (I don't drink coffee), but the bread containing orange peel was just excellent. The toilet wasn't flushing properly, but was promptly fixed the next day with no hassle.I have stayed in quite a few hotels on business and this one definitely rates a consistent above average (so far). This hotel is definitely a &quot;hidden gem&quot;; and I almost never give full marks on principle.	
Oct 3 2005	Nice Boutique Hotel	My husband and I stayed 4 nights in September along with my parents. We were cautious because of the mixed reviews, but we all decided it was a very pleasant stay!The bi-lingual staff was great and the valet parking for our rental car was nice since there is limited parking in Montreal! We had 2 deluxe rooms in the basement (1st floor in Quebec) and they were both just lovely! The decor is chic and and bathrooms are really nice with great showers. Nice towels and Crabtree &amp; Evelyn bath products! The rooms were extremely clean and they even offer a bed turndown. The beds were quite comfortable too which is a plus in a hotel! The only downside was that the walls are a bit thin and you can hear walking above and talking to the sides, but not too bad.We had the breakfast buffet twice and it was simple, but perfect if you are in a hurry and just want a quick bite. Great location to walk just about anywhere for dinner. Try Davinci Restaurant for an excellent Italian meal, the owner, Salvatore is just the greatest! We took the Metro to Vieux-Montreal and to Rue St. Denis where there is a great selection of cafes and bistros as well as shops. Mont Royal is not far from the hotel which is a lovely park and overlook of Montreal. If you have the means go to the Eastern Townships or Cantons d'Est, check out the Wine Route. Great little wineries or &quot;vignobles&quot; in French.	
Jul 20 2005	Best Kept Secret in Montreal	Not only was the room size more than adequate and the bathroom clean and abundantly stocked with fluffy towels and the beds firm with very high quality sheets......the staff was outstanding! from the concierge that flagged down a cab without being asked, to bell men who would get our car at a moment's notice from the parking lot. Everyone was very helpful and eager to help us explore different parts of their wonderful city. Polite, engaging, helpful, friendly.......I could go on! The location of this hotel is great. Just a couple of blocks (10 min) from St Catherine St. and a few more to the Eaton Center. We will use this hotel again and I would recommend it. Not gaudy and posh....just very comfortable...in every way.However, the buffet breakfast was expensive and there are several GREAT breakfast restaurants in short walking distance.	
Jan 4 2005	There are MUCH better options	the good, the bad and the ugly. Good? Great room decor, nice paint. nice lobby and good breakfast buffet. The bad? Terrible view from my 'deluxe room' on the 4th floor. Looked out over a dirty roof and peeling paint brick walls. no elevator, older carpet in the hallways. The ugly? AAARGH. the walls are (as one reviewer said before) VERY thin. Each sneeze, thump and bump is heard like in your own room. In my case, i was surrounded on two sides by some very late night very loud couples. no escape for the entire weekend. Add to this, no pool (the sauna is TINY and tucked out of the way in the basement) and an awkward (to say the least) parking situation - and you must consider this hotel well below any of 6-8 other options in the same class of service in montreal. I will NEVER stay there again.	
Jul 25 2004	I concur nice but hot...	As with several other reviews listed for this hotel, I concur that the experience is generally a good one. The staff was helpful, the location good and room decent. However, I found the temperature in the room to be unpredictable and apparently out of my control. It was warm and humid during the three days I was in Montreal, so that is definitely a factor. Also, I would compare the continental breakfast to that of any low-end U.S. hotel. with dry and unappealing pastry and only 2% milk for the coffee. After one bite and one sip, I promptly walked two blocks down Sherbrooke to a wonderful french boulangerie for a cheap and wonderful breakfast.	
Jun 26 2004	Paradise by the basement lights	We stayed in this hotel over a year ago. Only recently did I discover tripadvisor website. We found a special on the internet which we paid $99 American dollars a night. I was quick to book this room since the hotel website was considerably more expensive. I guess the adage 'you get what you pay for' was applicable to our stay. I was very apprehensive when heading to our room when realizing that we were taking steps to a basement! Obviously there were no overhead pipes or concrete steps no Freddie Kruger elements. All was done very tastefully with nice lighting and carpet. Upon opening the door to our room I was impressed by the large size of the room and the elegant decor. However, our windows were up high like the basement of my parent's split level home. Remember on the television show 'Laverne and Shirley' how they looked up and out their windows at pedestrians legs walking by? Kinda' like that.Positives: One of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. Top quality linens. Beautiful bathroom with granite. Comfy, heavy duty robes. Excellent location which puts you in the heart of everything, , despite facing the street, rooms were quiet and I never heard noise from any other rooms. Nice breakfast.Negatives: Well there was the basement factor which was dark and distracted from many of the luxuries i.e. nice, high quality decor. Staff was friendly but not terribly helpful. Whenever we would ask a question so simple as directions to a restaurant, the staff would inform us that we needed to speak with concierge across the street at Hotel Versialles. The most basic and rudimentary inquires were referred to the concierge. Believe me I do not have 'concierge issues' I just did not want to have to cross one of Montreal's busiest streets to obtain any answers!I gave Chateau Versialles 4 stars because Of price and location. I would have been livid if I paid full price for this accomodation. It has definately made me more aware and cautious when using disounted bookings. 	
May 7 2004	Charming hotel		
Feb 22 2004	Old world charm updated.		
Jan 19 2004	great experience		
Jul 29 2003	Our room is in the basement?		
Mar 7 2003	Excellent accommodations		
Feb 16 2003	Nice but hot (even in the dead of winter)!		
Dec 27 2002	perfect weekend!!		
Jul 25 2002	Elegance at an affordable price.		
Jul 6 2002	Nice but Hot		
Apr 18 2002	Great location.		
Nov 12 2009 	Nicht empfehlenswert		
Aug 18 2009 	Tutto fumo e niente arrosto		
Nov 9 2008 	hotel sympathique		
Jun 30 2008 	Sehr nettes kleines Boutique-Hotel		
