Aug 3 2008 	great location interesting layout but overcharged $50 for key i returned	the whole complex feels like it is dying. very few customers, dont know when the hotel has a front desk person. had to get everything from bartender who didnt know much about what was included in room (telephone internet etc..) found it to be much too expensive and they put a $50 room key deposit on my credit card and didnt take it off when I checked out. so now ive been trying to get ahold of someone for two days now to fix the problem and it seems the bartender is the only one who answers the phone and of course cant do anything about it. i would stay there again if it was $45 a night or less.	
Jun 29 2008 	Americans beware	Would not suggest that you stay more than a day or two. My partner and I have been together for 30 yrs. and when we travel we like to explore the areas. The Complex is in a good location, but don't expect to get your room cleaned and you need to ask for extra pillows and clean towels. After a few days though you may want to visit another establishment. You Can expect to be verbally accosted by the staff as 'Stupid Americans'. Farid and Francois were great but only around a short time for the first of our visit. The staff also has a problem with the new owner and morale is low.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great Location Good Price Friendly Service	Our room at Hotel Bourbon was clean and well air conditioned; a blessing given the humidex of 37 degrees C (98F) the day we were there. The service is alright, the staff is friendly and the hotel itself is in the heart of the clubs, pubs and restos of Montreal's Gay Village. The front desk is a little disorganized, but they make up for it with friendliness, relaxed atmosphere and reasonable rates. Hell, they even managed to find us a decent room, last minute, on Formula 1 weekend.You won't get mints on your pillow, but rooms have private washrooms, A/C, TV, no phone, but do apparently have free WiFi (we didn't have our laptop with us to check), a few &quot;tester&quot; packs of shampoos and stuff, as well as some clean (although mismatched) towels.It's true, the Bourbon isn't a fancy place...but it's no dreadful dive either. If you're looking for a casual travel experience, decent rooms, affordable rates and being close to everything (including the metro), this is a good hotel to consider. We will be staying there again.	
Mar 3 2008 	It's all relative	After spending one night in a DUMP called the Park Hotel in Montreal, I went around looking for a place to stay for the rest of the trip. I got a very sweet deal at Le Bourbon. 700 Canadian Dollars for 20 nights. I payed such a low price because I signed a month long retal lease instead of paying by the night. I was in Montreal for a 3week French course, so I needed a long stay rate.That being said, the special rate came with a few limitations. There was no breakfast included and room service was only once a week. But I had my laundry done for only 5CAN per bag. Since I separate whites from coloureds, it costed me 10CAN each time. I did it twice, so 20CAN to have my clothes washed twice in a 3 week span does not seem unreasonable.I'll admit the hotel is not great, but my room was spacious, TV worked well and bathroom was OK, with complimentary soaps/shampoos. I could stock the minibar with my own food/drink and I got decent (if erratic) public wi-fi internet.The main problems I faced were the noisy air-con and the smallish windows that made the room very hot. But that seems to be a common thing in Montreal. Since everything is built to battle the harsh winters, it can be quite warm indoors even if outside is a comfortable 20C (68F) degrees.Location was very good for me. Not only all the nightlife is at your doorstep, the subway line was the same I used to get to my school. No need to transfer! I would just rush out of the hotel, take a double latte at the local Starbucks, and be at school in about 10 minutes!To sum it up. No, it is not a great hotel, but it worked quite well for my needs and location was great.If they could only updated the hallway carpets!	
Oct 11 2005	Watch your credit card	I made air through Expedia and called the hotel direct. I used the same credit card for both. A week later, an airline called me for credit card authorization for a Shawn Dubec to fly from Chicago to Detroit and back with my credit card number. First of all, the name Dubec sounds French to me and second, I have not had any trouble with Expedia before. Therefore, I seem to think that my credit card unauthorized use came from the hotel through some of its employees. I had requested a double room as I was traveling with a friend. They gave us a room with a double bed. There was no way both of us could sleep in that bed as we are both very mature men (in other words--FAT). They put him in a seperate room that night and eventually let him stay in that room all weekend. His room had air--mine did not. It did have a ceiling fan though. It was around 80 degrees. The room was ok; the halls are bad. I would probably stay there again if I could get away from using my credit card as a guarantee.	
Sep 26 2005	Eh.	It was clean enough, and the staff was pleasant and polite. I shared a 2 bedroom suite with a friend. The biggest problem I had is that the hotel will not give you a key to your room, they say they are trying to protect you from being robbed, which has not happened to me in my 25 years of visiting Montreal regularly. The location is great for gay men, it puts you in short walking distance from all of Montreal's night life. Price-wise, the room cost 400 US dollars for EACH of us, for a 4 night stay. You can do better for less, but if location is important, this hotel has that covered! Lastly, parking is a bit inconvenient, it a few blocks away, and you have to pay 15 a night for it.	
Aug 19 2005	Hotel Le Bourbon - Not bad but not fantastic	I went to Montreal for gay pride July/August 2005 and stayed at Hotel Le Bourbon. I read the past reviews and was a bit scared. I got there and the hotel clerks were very very nice. I stayed in a 1 bedroom suite room 221. It was cute, a separate bedroom and the living room was on an upper level which faced the back of the hotel. The air conditioning didn’t work well at all, the room kind of smelled like dirty socks, the TV got no reception and the phone receiver stuck to the phone when I tried to use it. I complained and was moved quickly to room next door, room 220 another one bedroom suite. This had the living room and bedroom area all on the upper level with only the bathroom on the lower level. It was ok, I liked it because the air unit was close to the bed. Although it was a bit loud it worked and at this point that’s all that mattered. My friend stayed in Suite 223. A really nice 2 bedroom suite that had a kick *** air conditioning unit and hardwood floors which faced the bustling street activities. Also a lot of the rooms had a large gap opening at the bottom of the front doors and adjoining doors inside the suites to the other suites from your room. You know like the door was cut about an inch too short at the bottom. This allowed you to hear everything in the hallways and sometimes all the way to the front desk...and also allowed others to hear all your business from your room too. Am I just picking this hotel apart or what? No I am just stating the facts as I found them for others who need to know so they can make up their own mind to stay here or not.The bath house which most of the ad's for this hotel said was still there is gone and they have made more rooms in that space. There is an inside bar right off the lobby which I never saw more then 5 people in and they were mostly playing the machines. There is a bar on the roof top, but I walked up there once and it was dead also so I never went back. There is a 24 cafe - Club Sandwich which was right off the front door of this hotel, which I ate at and was not really too impressed, it was ok but not really busy either. Yes, the hallway carpets are still gross as so stated in many previous posts but I am not staying in the hallway so who really cares. The maid will not intrude on you to clean your room and will only come in if you have the clean room sign out, so if you don’t hang it out don't expect them to knock or visit at all, they will simply leave you alone until you request it.I was kind of shocked at how dead this place was for gay pride. I expected it to be packed with people but I barely saw about 5 guests in my five day stay, so apparently there are other hot spots to stay at. This is in the center of a great area with eateries and bars everywhere. The very popular SKY bar with 4 levels and a great rooftop area is about 50 feet from the hotel.I do not think I would stay here again just because the price for my suite was about 150.00 American and I really didn’t think my room was worth it, although the 2 bedroom suite rocked and was well worth the price if you have a travel buddy. I think Montreal probably has a lot better places to stay that are a bit more fun and lively. This place seems to have had its day and that day seems to have past, which is a shame. Gay Pride 2005 and the hotel was so dead and quite...yea...this hotel has seen its day. There are some great restaurants on St Catherine that had some great food. Also some of the strippers at the bars were extremely hot. $10.00 for a private dance. The bars were fun, the Casino was fun and the experience of Montreal was fun but the hotel...not so much.Well that’s my experience anyway:)CheersChip	
Dec 7 2004	a hotel in the midst of everything	I did a tour of this hotel this past weekend, Dec 4, 2004. I found the rooms to be well eqquipped with fridges, microwaves and very clean.the suites had jacuzzi tubs in the master bedroom and leather sofas and settees in the living rooms. The prices were very reasonable especially when you compare them to the major chains.I have only 2 concerns. The hallway carpet has seen better days. It is not torn but is worn and dirty. However they are in the midst of construction and improvements. The rooms have all been redone recently. This accounts for the worn hallway carpet. As I was told, there is no use replacing it while all this construction is being done.The only other concern I have is that some of the rooms' windows overlook some of the outdoor terraces. This is not a problem in winter when there is no one outside, but in summer there might be a problem with noise. The bars close at 3 am so if you have people outside on the terrace drinking until 3 you may not be able to sleeep.The hotel is located in a complex that includes a large restaurant with many outdoor terraces. a disco, several bars, a billiard and internet room. The staff is The complex is located in the heart of the gay village of Montreal so it is close to all bars, boutiques, video stores, strip clubs, and bathhouses. Also for touring the city, it is close to the subway station and from there one can travel across the whole city. The subway is fast, quiet, safe and affordable.	
Aug 19 2004	on it's last legs	I have stayed at the Bourbon frequently over the past 20 years. Over the past 5 years or so management has let it deteriorate to the point where I will never stay there again. It is always in a state of construction, never busy, the sauna has been eliminated, and the structure is a wreck. I stayed there this past weekend (August 2004) for one night. The room was not made up at check in. The toilet was broken and not fixed by the time I moved in, despite calling the defect to the attention of the staff. There was exposed wiring where a ceiling fixture used to be. The bathroom door wouldn't lock, and the ceiling was cracked all the way accross. Not to mention that the room smelled badly. The Bourbon's prices are above comparable gay lodging in the immediate vicinity. Their restaurants are always empty, and it is apparent that the owners are committed to letting the facility fall apart. Every room I have had over the past 5 years there has been horrible, but I always hoped there would be a turnaround. There hasn't been, so they well never get another dollar of my money. Stay ANYWHERE else but here!	
Jul 24 2004	Is this a bath house?	I am from Montreal but I moved Many years ago. I went to Montreal in June and stayed at Hotel Le Bourbon, What a dive!!! DIRTY, dirty and dirty, this hotel is simply dirty and I think that the owner doesn't care because this place is in the heart of the village but next time I wil live out of the village and sleep in a clean place. It is a good place if you want a cheep thrill because the hotel is like a bath house where every body is hitting on every body, people are going from room to room, not a place for a monogamous couple. Big rooms but cleaning staff under paid and not trained one told me that he was paid cash and collect welfare so you see what type of owner runs this place.Never again	
Jul 19 2004	Great	We stayed with a group of friends and really enjoyed it. The location was great with everything there..it made it worthwile. The Holiday weekend was great with a view of fireworks over the bridge from the rooftop.	
Jul 6 2004	Great Location - Needs Paint Carpeting Cleaning	A group of us went up for the July 4th weekend. We decided to book at the Bourbon based on their website and great location. We did read the trip advisor ratings of this propery well after we booked our trip and were a bit concerned over the cleanliness, but decided as a group that we would &quot;check it out&quot; for ourselves. I am always amazed on how bad a place can be in the heart of a gay community where we as a segment of the population always likes and demands better. Here is our critique. We had a large suite and a junior suite. Both suites were spacious with lots of room. The larger suite's AC was broken all weekend. The cooler weather made it bearable. Both suites could use new carpeting, as the stains are becoming more numerous then the actual color of the rug. Linens and curtains should be replaced as they have seen better days. New paint would make both suites better and the hotel a much better place to stay. The cleaning staff should be re-trained or even trained and probably paid better as they can do a much better job at cleaning. The hallway carpeting should be ripped up and replaced either with new carpeting or tile. It's just sooo dirty, that the red color is now more a black carpet that is tinted red. We have certainly stayed at worst places in different cities, but at a much cheaper price. At the Bourbon Montreal, you are paying a premium for the location and not for the condition of the hotel. If cleanliness is a concern, the Bourbon Montreal is not for you.A few words of advice for the owners. I would remove the word luxury from all of our brochures and website. I would remove the pictures of the rooms and really just show more of a diagram of the rooms. People will get the wrong impression from your pictures. You should also look into redoing the rooms. Gay people will pay an even bigger premium knowing that they are not only get a GREAT location, but really decent room as well.	
Apr 26 2004	Great Location Decent Accommodations	I stayed at the Hotel Bourbon for 3 nights in April 2004. The Bourbon is in a great location for anyone, but particularly for gay travelers because it's right in the middle of the city's largest strip of gay bars, cafes, etc. In addition, it's only about a mile or a short subway ride (2 stations within a few blocks of the hotel) from the center of downtown and the tons of shopping there. Plus it's also a 10-15 minute walk from the Old Montreal tourist/restaurant area on the river.As for the hotel itself, my room was clean, but not spotless. But the things that didn't pass my white glove test were not alarming. One thing I didn't like was that the only window in the room was actually a glass door that led to a deck shared with several other rooms. This meant that I could only air the room out when I was in the room and awake. Be aware that the hotel is part of a large complex that includes several restaurants. When I went to bed Saturday at 4 AM, music from the pub downstairs was still pretty loud. It was drowned out when I turned on the air, but who knows if that always works. One nice feature is that my room (and another that I saw) had a mini fridge. I'm sure the rates go up during the peak summer tourist season, but my pre-high season rate of $85/night (Canadian, not incl. tax) was a pretty good value considering the location. By the way, another thing that wasn't well-publicized while I was there is that most or all of your hotel tax will be refunded to you upon your depature at the airport/train station (or by mail) if you submit a form with your hotel receipt. So save that receipt!	
Mar 10 2004	Simple accomodations friendly discreet staff	I've been to Montreal four times in the past two years, the last time was in November of 2003. I've always stayed at Hotel Bourbon Complex. It's centrally located in the heart of the gay area of Ste. Catherine Street. The rooms are clean and simple. At least one of the restaurants in the complex is open 24 hours. I've never been there in the summer but I'm sure the view from the rooftop bar overlooking Ste. Catherine must be very nice. I've also felt very comfortable bringing acquaintances back to my room. The only thing I think they should make people aware of is that some of the single rooms don't have completely private bathrooms. Otherwise I find the accomodations satisfactory.	
Feb 4 2004	Cute Place in the center of it all	I stayed there for 3 nights in a &quot;single&quot; and you can't beat it for the price, the room was a nice size, very clean, and had a balcony. and its right dead center of everything , The concierge people were very sweet as well as the friendly bartender Simon. I would definately stay there again!!	
Dec 8 2003	what a difference	Stayed at the Bourbon Oct 2002 and It was ok. Stayed at the Bourbon Dec. 2003 and what a difference. The place was spotless many items looked to have been upgraded since last year,could not find any fault with the Bourbon. Staff was very friendly. I myself think that people don't realize that when you have the amount of people coming into a place as the Bourbon does that you can continually sweep the carpets so they look new all the time. You could clean a place 24 hours a day and someone would find fault with it. I myself will be staying at the Bourbon again and telling all my friends to stay there,oh by the way my buddy found no fault with the place either. But then I don't have to be catered to as some do.	
Oct 11 2003	Hotel filth	OH MY GOD. I stayed there 2 years ago and thought it was decent. I returned July 4th weekend 2003 and it seemed to have gone downhill. The carpets were total filth. There was a used condom in the waste basket in my friends room. In general they are friendly, but you would think the would at least vaccuum the carpets at least once a year! There was dark stains and filth that was apparently not new.	
