Sep 18 2009 	cheap but still it does not pay its price..	The carpet and closet were stinking of pee, the basin was very dirty (my guess is that previous guests had peed in the basin, dropping all around..). Only the ceiling light was working. The location is nice, but extremely noisy. They advertised the availabilty of fridge and microwave, actually the receptionists has them, but kindly allows you to use them. The price did not match those at which I had booked the room, the explanation the receptionist gave me no explanation. The advantage is that you can have a single room at a little price, now I think it would be worth it to pay a bit more for both beds in a double room of another hotel/hostel.	
Sep 17 2009 	I saw a mouse in my room	The hotel has no frills. The guy at reception was not very friendly. The room was small. Everything look old but clean. The TV was at least 25 years old with only 4 or 5 channels. There was only 3 light bulbs on the ceiling. The ceiling fan was noisy and the street is loud if you want to open the 2 windows. The first night I was reading n the bed when I saw a mouse coming from under the door. I don't recommend this hotel. Even if it is not expensive it doesn't worth it.	
Aug 15 2009 	WORST HOTEL EVER - IT HAD BED BUGS!	I have travelled extensively in the last year and this was my worst hotel/hostel experience so far. The room looked okay until I woke up in the morning itching and looked down to find a bed crawling with bed bugs! We tried to tell the person at the front desk whom I am assuming first language was French but they didn't seem to understand. Also, we didn't feel entriely safe in the neighbourhood/block it is located in. All night you could here ppl. from the bar below yelled at one other, and a few fights.	
Jul 4 2009 	hahaha never ever stay here!!!	Ok, this is being written from the actual hotel! I felt so disgusted at the place that I have wasted no time in reviewing it. Our basic one bed room = exactly that - smells, no tv, no towels, no lamp ( just one shady twist on-off light in ceiling) there is soap thankfully, but the horrible washroom down the hall is out of toilet paper and dirty and gross. Upstairs is a small and offputting shared shower, have not committed to experiencing it yet. There are shady people going down the narrow hallway constantly, they are loud and definantly up to no good. Families with noisy rude kids seem to live here too. Not a secure room as the window does not lock and it faces the street, just about head height at street level.Stay far, far away from this dirty, dodgy, stained floor hotel! Wish we read the reviews before we booked - wont make that mistake again!	
May 17 2009 	Badest Hotel to stay	I aboslutely agree to the others reviewer. Wost hotel I ever stayed.My reservation got lost and it took me over 40min to chek-in. had to log in at the reception computer to print out my reservation. and there I've seen why my reservation got lost. lots of papers an list and just crap all over.The hole &quot;hotel&quot; smelled after campher ast you know it from mothballs. And in the room there was a bad smell of cirgarette smoke too. The rooms (had to change it after one night!) were so small, I didn't really know where to place my luggage.The curtains were to short, so that sun and nightlight just sined on my head!The towels and sheet dind look very clean and they havn't been replaced at anytime during my stay. The same with the rooms in general and the showers.In the nights ist very noisy, because of the bad windows and the busy street.The only positive thig is that this hotel is next to the subway station.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great Location	This is the best possible hotel for people who are on a budget and arent disgusted with the idea of walking down the hall to use the washroom. The rooms ARE clean and the beds are pretty big. The hotel is small and quaint with a homey feel. This hotel is located directly on the corner of where you want to be in montreal. I walked to old montreal from there and it wasnt that long of a walk. All of the night life shopping and dining is steps away . The rates are low for a reason, but I would not of changed my decision regarding this hotel.	
Jul 23 2008	STILL a very crappy place indeed	Well, all I can say is that I really wish I had read all the reviews here before booking a room at this place at HostelBookers. First, lets get to the good. Don't worry though cause this won't take long.The only good thing I can thing about this place is that it is located very close tto the Berri-UQAM subway station (the subway intersection station of three lines). This made getting around the city very easy.NOW, for the BAD...The people are right, there are lot of shady characters around the place. I saw drug deals going down multiple times, people running at the sight and sound of police cars, gambling, and a lot of bums hocking loogies left, right and centre. Also, during the weekend there is an excessive amount of noise because of the bar directly below this place (which also invites a lot scary, unwelcoming individuals).Believe it or not, the actual insides of the hotel are just as putrid as the outside. The showers are extremely claustrophobic, and when located in the rooms, are guaranteed not to open fully. The sink is located in a tiny nook in the room with no covering door or curtain. The public showers are filthy. The sheets and towels aren't replaced on a daily basis. There are no phones in the rooms. The TV sucks and takes up way too much of the already limited space in the rooms. There are mice (I never saw one, but I suspect it's true after I saw little nibbles in my cookie and its packet). The beds are mighty uncomfortable. The staff are kinda shady. The fan really does feel like its going to fall off it hinge and come crashing down on you. On my last day, there was no hot water available for the showers. There are no clocks in the room. You feel like your gonna fall walking up and down the narrow stairway. Now believe you me, all of these things are true. I have mixed reactions about this trip because while Montreal is an amazing and friendly place to be, I feel my stay at this place made my time in Montreal uncomfortable. I really wish I had read these reviews before being suckered into this place. I only wish for two things now that I have returned home....that 1) YOU do not stay at this place 2) and that this place is CLOSED down and the surrounding area cleaned upThat being said, I hope I have shed some insight into this place and hope you will enjoy your stay elsewhere in Montreal!!!	
Jul 21 2008 	Worst hotel ever with bed bug suspicion	Reading the other reviews will prepare you for the stay in this hotel. It is indeed not very tidy, room smelled from cigarettes, surroundings are not everybody's cup of tea, it is very noisy due to the pub, prostitutes, and streetlife. However, internet worked, when we were there.My bookings were lost, so the manager was nice enough to keep me without costs, but also without paying back the deposit.I got a mattress and could stay in the room of one of my friend's. Unfortunately, I received more than 50 bug bites all over my body during my stay in Montreal. Since I was on a business trip and had virtually no outdoor activity, and since I found a redish bug on my sheets, I have the strong suspicion of bed bugs either in the mattress or in the floor. Neither of my friends who slept in bed got bug bites. The manager tried to play down this problem which annoyed me even more. So, this is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. If you really stay there, make sure to take precaution for bed bug infestation.	
Dec 6 2007 	Worst Place ive ever seen	This is the dirtiest hotel ive ever seen, and im not a picky person by anymeans. Drug addicts all over the place and prostitutes all over. i was asked to buy drugs before i even checked in. the staff is in on the stuff goin on in side as i saw them goin in and out of rooms at all hours. you share a bathroom and shower, its just gross. the staff was incredable rude wouldnt even let u finish a sentene without inturupting. tried to charge five dollars for an extra key. the rooms were filthy cigarette stains all over the sing, no phone tv didnt work, the beds were 2 inches apart no space to walk around.	
Sep 21 2007 	Not the greatest experience	Using Orbitz in June, I made our reservation for the end of July. My credit card was immediately charged one night by the hotel. I found that strange and figured out what happened as I checked into the hotel. The employee named Johnny and I figured out that the hotel mistakenly assumed my reservation was for June. They assumed we were a no-show. Thus, they charged me that night. Luckily I had printed out a copy of the orbitz reservation as that was the only proof I had that the hotel made the mistake! Johnny printed out a receipt and explained that at that moment of our actual check-in, I would be refunded the money wrongly charged in June and would be charged the entire amount of our stay. I finally got my refund for that incorrect initial charge--only after I filed a claim with my credit card company and emailed the hotel saying it was long after my stay and I never was given the refund to which I was entitled. It proved worth it to keep the paper trail!I didn't think the hotel was in the worst area. I felt it was safe at night to walk around. It was just very noisy! The Berri-Uqam subway stop was a convenient few steps away. (You can easily cut through the Couche-Tard mini-mart located very close to the hotel)Our room was cramped. Barely enough room between the beds and anything nearby. The whimpy ceiling fan was more a noise nuisance and didn't cool us off at all. And the room temperature climbed very high on the hot summer nights! The one small window could be opened but there was barely any breeze and the noise from the streets below would wake the dead--especially on a weekend!The shared bathrooms were always unoccupied when needed. Footwear (flip flops, etc.) highly recommended while showering. Neither the towels nor the linens were changed at all during the few days of our stay. The linen closet across from our room was left opened/unlocked for the first two days of our stay so we thought we were supposed to help ourselves--and that we did.Would I stay here again? Maybe. If I did though, I would bring a big fan or three in the back of our car so we could be cooled off at night. And most importantly, I would again make the reservation via something like Orbitz for the visible fact that their records don't seem to be well-organized. I mean...imagine if we arrived and there were no rooms for us since they had incorrectly assumed our stay was for June.See my pictures and make sure you're prepared to sacrifice some comfort--since you're most likely trying to save money by staying here (like us).	
Aug 7 2007 	Not bad...Not bad at all.	Hotel Eureka is not in the safest part of Montreal but it is in a very convenient location. My friend and I stayed in Hotel Eureka for 3 nights and we were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go (shopping, food, bus, café, club), and no taxi was needed.Upon entering the Hotel, the scene is quite like a small town house with many, very steep narrow steps (so if you’re not into climbing stairs, maybe this isn’t the best place). The receptionist guy was really nice, we were late for check in and he didn’t get upset. He gave us our keys and walked us to our room. The room itself was SO SMALL! But, for the price we paid it was fine. We had our own shower and sink and the toilette was down the hall. The shower was so clean; in fact, the entire room was very clean upon arrival. The toilette down the hall was cleaned a few times a day so it never smelt bad or had someone else’s “leavings” in there. They do not come into your room during the day and make the bed for you or anything, they don’t even give fresh towels, but I’m sure if you asked they would give. The noise level inside the hotel was quiet during night hours but it was a bit on the noisy side outside of the hotel and from our room we could hear it all. I’m a clean freak so I was a little apprehensive about going to a lower end hotel, but this place was clean, small but clean. I would definitely book a room in Hotel Eureka again!	
May 30 2007 	European flare	We arrived at the airport in Montreal late at night, the hotel is quite the economy hotel and therefore has no airport shuttle. It is a flat rate of $35 for a taxi to downtown Montreal. The hotel has a great location, it is right across the road from an entrance to the underground and Metro entrance. To enter the hotel, you need to ring a buzzer for someone to let you in 24 hours a day (24 hour security). We did have some problems checking in on the first night, because their credit card machine could not connect. After trying for about a half hour, they told me I could pay tomorrow. Upon entering the room, I noticed that there was only a sink, a bed, and a tv that got one english channel. However, everything was very clean, and there were two toilets and two showers in the hallway. My girlfriend loved it and would return in a heartbeat, I personally would rather a hotel with my own shower and toilet. If you are looking for a place to simply sleep and are on a tight budget, this is the place for you. If you enjoy any amenities at all, keep looking.	
Jul 11 2006	Ripped off...	I stayed at hotel Eureka for the Canada day long weekend. When I called, the person said that the room would be $100 dollars a night and since there were three of us, the extra person would be $10 a night. So, the total cost for two nights should have been $220. Okay - so I make a reservation.When I check in, the bill comes to $284.34...I ask why it's so high and am told that it's the extra person and the taxes. This was my mistake: I shrug and sign the credit card slip.The bill seems way too high so I find out what the tax rate is: 17.5% - verified by a person at the Holiday Inn. So, the bill should only be $258.50. I point out the mistake while I'm checking out and am told that apparently the extra person is $20 each night! (accompanied by an official looking spreadsheet) Who would agree to pay $20 each night for an extra mattress on the floor??? Not me. So bottom line is DON'T MAKE A RESERVATION - THE PRICE CHANGES BETWEEN THE PHONE AND THE FRONT DESK.Apart from my main complaint about feeling ripped off by the hotel guy, you should also know that:- the shower are extremely claustrophobic- there are some stinky people staying in the hotel- there's no AC and the ceiling fan does look like it's about to fall off and kill you- the tv isn't broken - it just doesn't have cable so you get 2.5 channels in black and white- the room was tiny- parking cost $18 / night- the floor of the closet in our room was totally gross - the tile was peeling and it was really dirty- the towels are old and threadbare- the blinds don't block out any morning sunlight (bring an eye mask)- there's a LOT of street noise on Saturday nights (I slept fine with earplugs)But on the plus side:- the hotel is less than a block from a main subway station where three subway lines intersect- it's a block from the gay village which feels super safe to walk in at night (as a woman, anyway)- the hotel has characterSo all in all, if you don't reserve and manage to negotiate a reasonable price upon arrival (speaking fluent french would help), it's not a bad place to stay. Just don't reserve in advance.	
Feb 16 2006	THE Worst hotel ever!!	I stayed in the hotel Eureka last year in June for the Montreal Grand-Prix. I didnt expect much from the hotel because i already knew that it was in a somewhat bad neighborhood. Upon arrival, I saw 2 prostitues walk in. The service was terrible, tried charging more than they said over the phone. Doors were rickety and the locks we terrible( someone could easily break in your room. That night was the worst night ever in a hotel, it was 85 degrees inside, no A/C,a broken tv, loud yelling from a bar outside, and prostitues coming and going all the while. I would not suggest this hotel to anyone, even if they were broke and out of money.	
Sep 6 2005	It was the worst hotel I ever stayed at	The rate for the hotel changes depending on what the office feels they can get form u. They offered a special savings if we paid cash and when we did there was no differance. The room were very small and good luck tring to get clean towels the next day (forget about having the room changed over). I was never so hot in my life in a room. I could open the window and hear the singing from the bar below to 4:00 am in the morning or close it and bake in the room. Fan works that was the only thing but was not good to cool off the room. No clock, radio, or phone but there is a tv but it doesn't work.	
Sep 6 2005	Shady place not recommended	The area in which the hotel is located in is very dirty, with a lot of weirdos roaming around. The hotel itself (unlike any I have visited) locks its front door at all times. They have a camera to screen its visitors and unlock the door with the buzzer. No parking is available for visitors and closest “public” parking is $15 per day. Had we known about the parking fee (which brings the price/night to $97 incl. tax) we could have stayed at a hotel rated much higher and in a much better neighborhood.Our room was very small (despite the fact we took one of the larger and more expensive ones), no a/c, tv with 3 working channels and very thin walls. People are arriving at all times of the day or night and it gets noisy even after 1-2 in the morning. We barely got any sleep during the weekend. Toilets are shared and there are 3 for the entire floor with 8-10 rooms. I had to wait to use them on several occasions. The service was poor, rooms very not cleaned although we stayed for two nights and no fresh towels were offered. On top of it all, the management has found us guilty of breaking a shower door and without notifying me has proceeded to charge my credit card $103.50 allegedly for work required. No invoice or any explanation was given except “you broke the door” and my repeated calls were not answered. I am currently considering legal action against the hotel. AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COST.	
Jul 5 2005	Do not stay here!	This was the worst experience I've had at any hotel. First, the proprieter gave us a hard time even though we had reserved ahead of time - we had reserved a room with 2 double beds and he was giving us a room with only 1. Then he tried to charge a higher price than what we had reserved for. Then he wouldn't take our credit cards and wanted cash -- it was troublesome since we didn't have enough on us to cover the stay. We requested paying at checkout and he refused.Our room was ridiculously small. They had taken a room for a single double bed and crammed 2 beds into it. Because of this there was no other furniture in the room except for a TV that didn't work and no space to walk or put our things. There was no closet or drawers and the towels were on the radiator because there was no other place for them.The bathroom was in the hallway, which we knew ahead of time. There was no A/C in the room so it was very hot and stuffy at night, despite a ceiling fan.I was more disappointed in the service than the room and that was what made it a bad experience. If the hotel manager had been nicer and not tried to cheat us it would have been a much better experience.	
Nov 23 2009 	De las peores experiencias de mi vida.		
Oct 8 2009 	mal barrio		
Jul 3 2009 	Immonde sale dégoutant quartier pourri		
Jan 24 2009 	extra ordinaire		
Dec 5 2008 	Peor hotel en el que he estado		
Nov 13 2007	se loger moins cher		
