Oct 27 2009 	Very nice stay	This hotel is a 2-3 minute walk from the Place des Arts station. Downtown is a 15 minute walk or 5 minute metro ride. Old Montreal/Chinatown is also a 15 minute walk away. I arrived at this hotel around 12:30 PM and was promptly given a room on the top floor. Staff were always friendly and helpful with any questions I had. No free breakfast but lots of places to eat around hotel including a Cora's across the street. Also a Provigo is across the street so very convenient however there was no fridge or microwave in my room. No free pc to use but there is free wireless internet access. The charge for the pc was I think $3 for 20 minutes. You can go across the street to the 24 hour internet cafe which charged $4 for 1 hour. One thing to be aware of is a new building is supposed to go up next door but construction hadn't started yet when I stayed there.	
Oct 12 2009 	Good value great location	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and had a great stay overall. The hotel is in a great location downtown Montreal, close to several great restaurants, shopping, bars, and parks. Even though we were right downtown, we found the hotel nice and quiet. The staff were very nice and helpful directing us around the city. The rooms are nothing special but have everything you need if you are mainly just going to be using your room for sleeping and as a base point.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great hotel excellent location	We have now stayed at this hotel 3 times over the past 3 years and we find it very convenient in location to both downtown and McGill university. We have always had clean rooms and courteous staff. The air conditioning always worked, we always had internet accessible and it met all of our expectations. We found it easy to walk downtown or take the subway which is only a block away. The university is easily accessed. The restaurant leaves something to be desired, but just a 10 minute walk leads you to some of the best restaurants in Montreal.	
Jul 25 2009 	Nice place to stay	We were there five nights, Saturday through Wednesday. The room had a refrigerator, adequate clothes storage, a sofa, and free wireless Internet service. The staff was quite helpful and courteous, and did everything they could to help us; we needed their assistance numerous times.Our room was clean, comfortable, and always well-made-up every day. We had a corner room, with an extra hallway, which ensured it was quiet, even when the hallway was noisy (there was a boisterous group of athletes in the hotel the first couple of nights).We especially liked the location, with a drugstore and grocery store, as well as several other useful businesses across the street, a two-block walk to the Metro, and a major bus line. It's a short walk to Rue Sherbrooke, Rue St.-Laurent, Rue St.-Denis, and Rue Ste.-Catherine.The only dislikes were relatively minor for us: the room keys usually didn't work on the first try; the television didn't show closed captioning; and the wireless internet was slow when a number of guests were using it.If we ever return to Montreal, we will strongly consider coming back to the Downtown Quality Hotel.	
Jul 20 2009 	No attention to detail No Parking Bums sit outside and beg	Just returned from a visit to Montreal and (unfortunately) stayed at this hotel. We had stayed here a few years ago because I had &quot;free&quot; nights, but was unhappy then due to the hard beds and lack of parking (despite the advertising!)...anyway, decided to give them another chance due to the &quot;Sweet Deals&quot; promotion by Montreal-Tourisme - stay 2 nights, get the third free, continental breakfast, and other gifts and promotions for the Laugh Festival, held nearby. Once again, there was no on-site parking available - had to park down the street at a non-secure outdoor lot where the local bums congregated at night. Was informed that there was NO continental breakfast offered - later corrected and given vouchers for a continental breakfast at Cora's(choice of a bagel, cold cereal, or oatmeal) , across the street; however no gifts or promotions for booking as promised (and no effort to rectify after showing the ad to a manager!); a pair of panties left hanging on the bathroom door from a previous guest; dirty bed linens, and an air conditioner that didn't work (but was fixed). The small room refrigerator needed to be defrosted, but worked OK for the items purchased at the Provigo supermarket located across the street (where they charge you 5 cents per bag!) Late night returning would find one or two of the local bums sitting on the bench outside the hotel, (as well as throughout the general neighborhood) asking for handouts! The general location is OK for tourists, near a Metro station, and you can walk (a long walk!) to the Old Port and to the nightime activities on Crescent St. However, for the price charged ($191CAD) for the king-suite (a rather small room) there are other, superior choices in Montreal, with this hotel to be bypased by me in the future, no matter how many &quot;free&quot; nights I can get!	
Apr 13 2009 	Surprisingly Pleasant	Four of us were in Montreal for one night. We needed two rooms, each with two beds as we wanted the comfort and privacy of not sharing beds. The hotel had to be close to McGill and we were on a budget. This hotel met all our needs. I was unsure of what to expect because it is a smaller hotel. It was wonderful. The staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms were clean, comfortable and elegant. It was like staying at larger, luxury hotels, except the rooms were a bit smaller, though still a good size. The hotel was well maintained, the beds were comfortable, the furnishing and linen fresh. No run down feel here. We'll book here next time in Montreal whether we're on a budget or not.	
Feb 12 2009	Nice hotel	It is a very nice hotel in a great location. We were with a group and all rooms were nice and updated. One room the t/v didn't work and we phoned down and they said it would be fixed, but it never was. It didn't matter much because we were only there for 1 night. Overall great hotel in nice area.	
Oct 23 2008 	Great deal great location	I was skeptical about this hotel before arriving from some of the bad online reviews - but even the much more expensive hotels in the city also have some bad reviews!The room (1 queen, pull out small sofabed) was a little small, but not cramped. Bed was hard, and pillows marshmallowy, but not bad.TV was very small in a cabinet that also was the clothes chest and &quot;closet&quot;. The door concealing the TV would swing closed when you walked by it - minor annoyance.The bathroom was clean and modern with decent water pressure in the shower.Elevators were always fast and desk clerks pleasant.Great location - half a block from Sherbrooke Ave where all the higher priced hotels are. 2 blocks from the Metro entrance. Half a block from a 24 hour Second Cup coffee shop. 4 blocks from McGill.$15 a night for secure parking is a good deal - most hotels are charging $25 and many of the stand-alone lots are not secure.	
Oct 17 2008 	Great hotel convenient access to the rest of Montreal	Let me start by saying my wife and I had three free nights coming to me, so the rooms were free - I only had to pay for parking. While the hotel parking was $15/night, I saw other parking lots throughout the city charging the same 24-hour rate, so I wasn't too disappointed. I've stayed in other cities of this size or larger that charge much more per night.I really can't say anything bad about the hotel. The lobby wasn't huge or glamorous, but I'm not spending any time there. The front desk staff were extremely helpful and at my request even provided me with some hints about what to see, where to go and even a few key French phrases. Everything was very clean as well.The room was simple but clean and met our needs. The pillows could have been a little more firm. The heat worked fine when needed. The TV was fine. Ice machine on our floor.The big perk this hotel offers is convenient access to the Metro (5-minute walk) and numerous eateries and convenient stores in the area. I found the grocery store across the street convenient but a bit expensive. I found another grocery store on St. Laurent (10-minute walk) that was less expensive. I'd have no problems recommending this hotel or staying here again.	
Sep 25 2008	Not Bad Not Great	I stayed at the Quality Hotel September 20-22.The best part about this hotel is the location; you're right in the heart of downtown Montreal, only a few blocks' walk from a variety of shops, restaurants, bars and night clubs.The downsides? Some of the rooms are very outdated (friends of ours had better luck in other rooms). For example, our room had a very old TV that had the alarm clock built-in! The mini-bar is $10 per day, and our fridge was really old. The bedding also left a little to be desired - very firm mattress, average sheets/pillows, and a comforter that had the color and texture of a burlap sack.The front desk attendants also warned us to watch our luggage, bags, etc. everywhere we went in the hotel outside of our room. They said that unattended bags are always getting stolen, especially from the lobby. However, I'm sure this isn't unique to this particular hotel; it probably happens anywhere in downtown hotels.All in all, if you're looking for a decently-priced hotel with basic amenities but access to all that downtown Montreal has to offer, this is the hotel for you. If you want a hotel experience that's anything above ordinary, I suggest you look elsewhere.	
Sep 2 2008 	Pleasantly Surprised	We were pleasantly surprised. Great location, clean room, except for funky smell when we first came in, but I believe it was attributed to the maid just cleaning our room before we got there and cleaning tools may have been the culprit becasue the smell eventually dissapeared (like wet mop or used wet towel smell).It was just confined to the bathroom, and like i said, went away after a while, so we didn't complain. If you're simple people, or have a family, this is the place to be. I'll summarize and keep it short with my pro's and cons below:Pros: 1) location, location, location! short walk to subway, st. catherine street, st. laurent st, mont royal parc, old montreal, etc - perfect location! (across the street from a supermarket and tons of restaurants nearby) and close to subway too!2) friendly and informative staff 3) Parking, high $15 fee, but worth it with the in and out privelages 4) Clean and overall inviting feeling of hotel.Cons: 1) parking lot got full, and if you left, you might not get your spot back. But we left the car parked anyway, so it didn't bother us. 2) Funky &quot;wet smell&quot; in bathroom that eventually went away. Overall, a great value and cool place if you're looking to save doe on hotels, and use that saved doe for the night clubs or retaurants!	
Aug 8 2008 	Decent hotel bad experience	We stayed at the hotel one weekend in July. It's in a good location, walking distance from Vieux Montreal and Rue Sainte-Catherine. The room size was good and clean.Unfortunately, they decided to paint our floor without telling us beforehand. We get off the elevator on our floor, to find a worker spray painting the hall. He freaked out and shoved us off the floor. We couldn't get into our room, and had inhaled toxic fumes!The front lobby told us that they left a message at our room, about changing rooms. We checked - it was left close to 11:30 am the same day! The hotel staff had to get all of our stuff. It was not a good scene.We had to wait until the general manager was in Monday - we were going to be credited for one night's stay. But it took me several emails and phone calls over 2 weeks to finally get my credit card deducted.It's too bad because the hotel was fine otherwise. But the whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth.	
Jun 11 2008 	Worst Hotel I have ever stayed in	We staying at this hotel during Grand Prix weekend 3 adults and 1 infant. For over $1500 for 3 nights we were incredibly disappointed. The only thing that was good about this place is that they let us check in at 11 am because of the baby. After that it was all downhill. We were told the hotel had Wi-Fi access, and it did not, when we went to get a cable it did not work. We called down to the front desk and they informed us that the 8th floor did not have internet!On the second day (Saturday) we left the hotel at 9 am to head to the race track. When we arrived back at the hotel at 3 pm we found our door left open! On top of that our room was not made. Nor did any one come to make it. We called down to make a complaint and they told us that someone would be up to check our door lock. They told us that the results were inconclusive and that it must have been us who left the door open. Sunday We left at 9am again I arrived back at 2:30 with the baby, again the room was not made. When the maid came by I was feeding the baby on the couch and all she did was put a dirty towel back up on the rack. Throw some towels in the washroom and change a garbage, plus she left the door open again! Which I did not notice until my brother came back because I was on the couch the whole time and could not see the door! When my brother called to the front desk they said there was nothing they could do and that he would have to wait to see the manager the next morning. Every time we asked for something they told us they didn't have it. We ate breakfast at the restaurant and the food was absolutely horrific. However our waitress was very very kind and gave great service. We want a refund for our stay because they have a 100% Satisfaction guarantee that if there is a problem that is not solved they will issue a refund. When we mentioned this, they said nothing. Overall it was the worst hotel experience I have ever had I will never be back to this hotel!	
May 19 2008 	Okay experience; receptionist unfriendly	Stayed at the hotel for a few days, it is a good location, pretty close to Downtown Montreal. The rooms are okay but smaller than other hotels. Room was well furnished, exterior of the building was okay as well. Garage was a bit dirty.Upon checkout, the receptionist was not very friendly, and probably dealt with us differently than she should have because -we were non-French. When we left, she muttered something in French that was possibly an insult. I would not want to visit this hotel again if it is the same receptionist. When we first walked in, our first impression of the hotel was that it was very small, and it actually is. there's hardly a concierge area, and hardly even a lounge. A restaurant shares the first floor with the hotel, and there are no amenities.Overall I would say it was an average stay for us at this hotel, wasn't that great but okay for us to live in the hotel.	
Mar 13 2008 	Hotel Stay	We were two adults and two teenagers that arrived at the Hotel on a sunday and planned to stay till tuesday but changed our mind after one night. Ask for the connection to internet and was told that they didn't have any left. Television picture was very snowy and every time you shut it off....it had to be unblocked by the front staff. We ask questions about the area and the clerk couldn't answer us. Parking at 15.00 a night is a bit expensive. The restaurant attached to the hotel is great and the service was exceptional with good food.	
Feb 12 2008	Great place!	I visited this place as a solo traveller as I got a great rate from Expedia. For its location and price, you can't go wrong. The room was comfortable and very clean, although the room could have been a little warmer, given it was the depth of winter.Lovely, friendly staff and a supermarket across the street, made this an enjoyable stay.	
Jan 23 2008 	great experience would do it all over again	We are from Victoria BC and visited Montreal for the first time in January 2008, my son, myself and 2 friends. We were there for the habs game and everything was perfect. Front counter staff was very helpful and everything you need is very close to the hotel. Being first time visitors to Montreal, we were glad we could experience the night life without taxing all over the place. Beautiful view of the city line aswell. Also very close to Bell Centre. Paid corporated rate so it wasn't too expensive, two double beds and a couch. Would we go again, YES and stay at the same place. Thanks for a great time. go habs go!!!	
Oct 17 2007 	Perfectly Acceptable!!	I got a very good rate on Hotwire for a five night stay over the long Coumbus Day/Canadian Thanksgiving weekend. The hotel is located on a decent street near McGill. Walking distance to most everything and very close to a Metro for everything else. Very nice supermarket right across the street. You really cannot beat the convenience or the price for a basic, clean hotel experience.Room was clean and well maintained. Nicely organized, although no closet at all. Free ethernet Internet service. My only issues were with lack of follow-up at the Front Desk when my lost luggage arrived and a lack of organization or logic with housekeeping that kept my room from being made up for my first three days at the hotel. The latter was somewhat caused by my schedule but the housekeeper did not follow up and clean my room when I was actually away from the hotel as I had asked. It was this general lack of communication among hotel staff members that caused the only disappointments during my stay.	
Oct 10 2007 	Standard Safe Clean and Good Location	This is an average standard chains hotel, very clean, safe and located in down town. The ladies in the receptionist desk were polite and helpfull. Nothing to brag about this one, a bit pricey for what it is....	
Sep 29 2007 	Nice hotel	The room was clean, the bed was good, the tv was 29&quot; flat, well located, staff sometimes gently but sometimes not. There is a subway station near and a market in front of the hotel. We stood there for 4 days. we had a little problem with the door lock - it didn't open but it was solved quickly.	
Sep 4 2007 	Pricey for its class	This hotel is located on the outskirts of hotel row off sherbrooke boulevardPROS: Location is across street from supermarket • walking to Old Montreal is about 20 minutes • Metro stop is about 5 min. walk • good continental breakfast if your package includes • parking in facilities(extra cost) • 4 pillows per bed was helpfulCONS: Very pricey for quality of hotel • beds were uncomfortable • furniture is from the 1980s • room had musky odor (when told of problem, the fix was to spray the room with a scent) • Carpets were worn and quite dirty • AC didn't work so well • only 2 people operated front desk when we were there (we were a bit concerned since upon arrival, two homeless persons were sitting in front of the hotel staring at us)	
Jul 5 2007 	Good location - high price	I inquired about the price and the man at the front desk quoted me a price. I asked if there was parking. He said 'no' but recommended a lot. I left to check the parking. When I came back the price had gone up. The hotel was OK otherwise. The location is good.Park on the street if you have a car. The parking instructions are in french. Have somebody translate what the parking rules are. Everybody speaks english.	
Jun 9 2007 	Fantastic Value in the heart of the action!	Boyfriend and I stayed in the hotel on our way through to Atlantic Canada. Clean, comfortable rooms at a great price. Wonderful location in the heart of downtown Montreal.	
Apr 24 2007	Great hotel	We had a wonderful experience at this hotel. We were somewhat uncertain, having read the other reviews on the site. We arrived early and were immediately shown to our room. The people at the desk could not have been friendlier or more helpful throughout our stay. The room was clean and, along with the bathroom was a nice size. The location is ideal; there is a 24/7 restaurant in the lobby, a grocery store across the street, a small mall up the street, it is near the downtown shopping, and there is a lovely pedestrian area filled with restaurants (avenue Prince Arthur) in a short walking distance. We would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 15 2007 	Great Location! Great Staff!	I felt that this hotel was wonderful!As two couples of 24 year olds, all first timers to Montreal, we we're not too sure what to expect. After fist finding our way to another Quality Inn and being scared for our lives by the outside view, we were happy to realize that we were at the wrong Quality. After finding our way to the hotel, everything from there on was perfect. As Choice Privilege members, we did inquire about our complimentary upgrade. They had upgraded rooms available but we would not be able to have close rooms. An employee escorted us to view the rooms to decide if we wanted to upgrade and be apart, or keep the original rooms and be connecting. The upgrade rooms were a tiny bit larger, but did not offer much else except a mini fridge, so we chose to stay in our lower grade rooms. The hotel is RIGHT across the street from a grocery store that is open late, where you can purchase some alcohol, snacks, breakfast foods, etc, if you want to save on some money. We did dine in the adjoining restaurant in the hotel. The food was good, but the waitress appeared fairly absent minded.. forgetting plenty of our requests. Our room also had floor to ceiling windows that overlooked the street which was nice to watch the hustle and bustle (and people watch the shoppers in the grocery store).The hotel is within walking distance to all of the main streets for shopping, and there are a multitude of restaurants once you step outside.There is a daily fee for secured parking in the underground parking lot.The front desk staff were very helpful, from the moment we inquired about viewing both room types before deciding whether to upgrade, right up until we checked out.One of the girls at the front desk (I really wish I could remember her name) was great. As we didn't know much about Montreal, we wanted to experience a bit of the nightlife but weren't sure were to head. She let us know what clubs would be busy on what evenings, and even called a friend of hers that was dj'ing at one of the clubs to get us placed on the guestlist and some complimentary drinks.On our last evening, after a heavy night of drinking we did not end up checking out to nearly 1:30 p.m, and no one called our room to kick us out! :)Unfortunately, I cannot say if the price was worth our stay as we had a Quality Inn Employee discount (which means we had a very cheap rate), but I am pretty confident that it would be worth the full price (even if the hotel was terrible, I would pay it for the location only!)The next time I return to Montreal, I will definitely be staying at this hotel!	
Jan 3 2007	terrible experience don't go there	I had a terrible experience there. These people promise you one thing but do something else. They simply lie. Do yourself a favour and avoid this place.	
Oct 23 2006 	Good price Great Location	We booked the Quality Hotel Downtown for a girls trip to Montreal. The price was extremely frugal ($45 USD on Priceline.com). Although with the parking ($15/day) and the charge of $10/day for a non-smoking room, drove the costs up a bit. Priceline had originally booked us into a smoking queen room but we needed two doubles non-smoking. I had called ahead to the hotel twice to request that but was told that I would have to take my chances at check-in. Luckily, we did get the room we wanted.We loved the hotel for it's convenient location...it's within walking distance to St. Catherine and only one block away from St. Laurent.The rooms were clean and the beds were hard and comfortable. Pillows were a bit lacking so if you're picky about those, I suggest bringing your own.It's nothing fancy but it was perfect for us.	
Aug 22 2006 	Excellent value for money!	We didn't have any idea what to expect with this hotel &amp; we were pleasantly surprised. We had a 2 night stay &amp; found this hotel to be awesome. Great location, very friendly front desk staff. Rooms clean &amp; good size. Supermarket across the road. Metro station 2 blocks away. Very happy to stay here again.	
Jul 3 2006	OK hotel	We stayed two nights - Sunday &amp; Monday - as part of a touring holiday.Checkin was a little slow as we had a trainee, but very polite and clear. We parked the car in the car park (under the hotel) and left it until we checked out.The room was OK - outlook onto the graffitti on the next building. Reasonably clean.We found the location a little off-putting - not the beggars that another reviewer commented on - they seem to be in any big city, but depending on which way we went the area changed drastically. Going east seemed a shabby, run-down area with &quot;adult&quot; shops &amp; entertainment. West was definitely up-market.We walked south to the old-town area - under 15 minutes and also had a similar walk back from Mont Royal.We ate the second morning in Werby's the lobby restauarant where the staff were deluged by a school party &amp; still coped quickly &amp; in a friendly manner, apologising for the delay, which we had barely noticed.Overall we would say the hotel was OK for the money, but we wouldn't enthuse.	
Oct 12 2005	Great Experience!!!	I stayed at the QH Downtown from October 7-11, 2005. To be honest, I really expected the worst based on some of the reviews below. However, I was absolutely surprised and pleased with my stay at this hotel and would definitely stay here again in the future.1) The hotel is located one block away from Sherbrooke, one of the main streets in Downtown Montreal. It's also a 10 minute walk from St. Laurent (&quot;The Main&quot;), one of the most ultra-hip and exciting streets in the city. It sits on the edge of downtown but is closer to The Plateau, the artistic district of Montreal. (Great inexpensive restaurants and bars in the area, including some restaurants where you can bring your own wine!) It is also less than a 5 minute walk from Jeanne Mance (ever seen photos of the iron staircases in Montreal? Chances are they were taken on Jeanne Mance street.). 2) The hotel is directly across the street from Provigo, a well-stocked and clean grocery store (check out their pastry section!). It was WONDERFUL (and inexpensive) to zip across the street and pick up provisions for the weekend. 3) The only problem I encountered was that the movie channels would not work when I arrived. Rachelle at the front desk went above and beyond to try to get them to work again Friday evening and continued to follow up with me throughout the weekend to get them functional. 4) The restaurant was closed while I was there, but there is a local restaurant (Alto - pick up a menu in the lobby) who will deliver as late as 5:00 a.m.!!! Good food, quick delivery. I highly recommend their pizza. 5) I found the front desk staff to be accommodating, warm, and very helpful. They went above and beyond to ensure I had a good stay. All in all, it was a very good experience. Granted, this isn't a four star hotel, but you get a great value for the price.	
Sep 22 2005 	It's not bad	It is fine if you just want a base from which to explore the city. It is nowhere as scary as the &quot;Never Again&quot; post would indicate. I got spooked by that post and ended up booking another hotel for the first three days of my stay. Yes, that other hotel (2.5*) is head and shoulders above the 2* Quality Downtown, but if you happened to get this hotel from Priceline, don't worry and enjoy your stay as long as your aim is to explore the city instead of worrying about the service level of your hotel.The neighborhood is a mix of downtown businesses and student housing. On Sherbrooke, which is only 1/2 a block away, it's all businesses and posh hotels. On Ave du Parc, it's a mixture of convenient stores, restaurants, outdoor cafes, and a supermarket. The hotel is also within walking distance of the Metro and St. Laurent where a lot of Montreal nightlife takes place. The point is if McGill students managed to live through 4 years of their education living in this neighborhood, you'll be OK for a few days.	
Aug 24 2005	Quality is Adequate	Me and a few friends just returned from a weekend stint at this hotel. As said before this hotel is a 3 star. You get what you pay for. It provides you with the basics. A Room with A.C., adequate beds, trademark flat hotel pillows, and maid service. It is a great hotel because of its location. Close to Supermarket, Liquor Store, and the club scene and night life is all within walking distance. As said before last year I stayed at the Delta nearby on President Kennedy and that is a cut above but that is a 4 star and well you pay more. It's around $15 or so per day for parking in the garage. We just parked it when we arrived and took it out when we left. Close by to everything. We were on a floor with an ice machine. If you are in need for ice like we were it does the job but if you are looking for a large amount of ice in a short amount of time it may do the job but not real quick. Maid on the last day since we didnt ask for maid service sort of yelled/informed us about how &quot;NOT TO OPEN THE WATER&quot; she was saying not to open the bottle of water in the room that is on the table and just replace it with tap water and how she would know. Found that okay a little weird cause who is going to drink a medium size bottle of water that is $3.50? All in all no real complaints. When we requested more towels we got them. Front Desk when going in and out were friendly. If you plan on staying in the hotel for a while during the day when your not out then the hotel doesnt really have time consuming things. It is simply put ADEQUATE for people that just need a place to stay that will give you a place to sleep (in smoking and non-smoking) and any of the other basics. If you lookin for more its going to cost you more.	
Aug 3 2005	Locationlocationlocation	I had a good deal in hotwire,it just us$45/night(tax not included) we booked the hotel for 5 nights,what can ask for this price in the downtown.The room is fine,the front desk is quite helpful.but the most important thing is the location,you can walk to metro for less than 5 min(but I can't imagine in the winter),the bus stop just the corner(check for the time ,30min in non-rush hour)if you want to the old montreal/chinatown, either bus or walk is fine ,it a straight road.Easy to access anywhere like shopping,sightseeing...There's supermarket across the street,very convenient,not only the supermarket,a bakery,couples of resturant,Cara is the place we went twice,try the breakfast, the crepe filled with lot of fruit,dip with nutella,very great.I saw some beggars beg for money along the streets,I experienced a beggar came to me for the money when I walked from the metro to hotel.And one night we saw a man slept at the front door of the hotel,few people looking at him,the staff of hotel came out and ask something ,then she returned to the hotel,it seems this happen before(a woman walking along and said he just faking always)So i advised girls to be watched out when you have to go out at night.One more thing,you have to pay $10/day for the high speed internet,really expensive,and when we called the service desk ask about the service detail,she gave us wrong information,the service should be from noon to noon,but the one one the phone said its from midnight to midnight,so be careful.	
Dec 29 2004	Never again!	Firstly I think the reviews below are for the Quality Inn Downtown at 1214 Crescent St and NOT where I stayed which is Quality Hotel Downtown at 3440 av du Parc - even though they are part of the same hotel chain with similar names they are different.The hotel furnishing and fittings were a bit run down and not up to scratch. For example loose strands of thread on the sofa, a dodgy coffee maker, and in the bathroom a section of the wall that had been patched with filla but never painted / papered. There was a perma air freshener smell that hotels have, this one I think was apple blossom, but it was so awful and corrosive that it actually made my throat burn when in small places like the lift.The location was OK but not great, it is a number of blocks to Rue St Catherine, and I suggest you check on maps before booking if you want to be near certain things such as the Notre Dame Cathedral in Vieux (Old) Montreal. I ended up doing a lot of walking around the city just to get to somewhere, which in sub-zero temperatures is not always fun. There was a super market across the road, although I found a smaller but nicer one at the Galeries du Parc a few minutes away. There is also a good 24 hour internet café across the street.My first morning there I was woken up at 7am by a work crew who were there to totally redecorate the communal parts of my floor. There was no attempt to be quiet. I had shouting, ladders clanging, singing, humming, loud conversations and electric sanding all just outside my door. There was no excuse for this. Their business is being a hotel and at the very least they should have mentioned it to me, but they could have put me on another floor or got the crew to start work at a more sociable hour for guests.When I compare this to what I got in Toronto and Ottawa for the same money there is no way I can consider this a good deal. I was wary about booking into any hotel with Quality in the name, but based on the other reviews (which I now know to be for a different hotel) I thought I would give it a go. Never again will I risk going to this hotel, there are plenty of other good hotels at the same price.PS I enjoyed Montreal, and hope to return soon for another vacation	
Jun 3 2004	Good location good price.	My friends and I spent a few nights in this hotel and were pleasantly surprised. I guess we had low expectations but everything turned out great. The parking is in a secure garage and the food in the restaurant downstairs was great. We got a really good deal on the rooms from expedia so we weren't sure what to expect for the price. We were in walking distance to a lot of places and there's a grocery store right across the street. I'd probably stay there again if I ever go back to Montreal again. This is a perfect hotel if you plan on sightseeing Montreal and go places.	
Jun 2 2004	bang for the buck it has lots of value	Great location, just 1 block off of the center of St Catherine street. Close to the local subway which I found so easy to navigate. Private Garage asures safe parking. Great resturaunt called Mango's adjacent to the hotel located on the main floor. ( they serve a great breakfast) and keep a well stocked bar. The Front Desk was an excellent help, always happy to make dinner reservations for us and never being off when recamending a place to eat or visit. The rooms were clean &amp; quaint, the bathroom is a bit small but definetly sufficent, the tub was deep enough for me to soak my 6 foot 240 pound frame which is nice after a day off treking around the city. Right accross the street is a full service grocery store(great for the budget concious) or if you just need something you forgot to pack. Considering I paid less then $300 for a 4 night stay I would recamend this hotel and may even stay there again. It would have been nice to have a few more amenities (like a pool) but hey I was there to see the city not lounge around a hotel.	
Oct 20 2003	Cresent Street NIGHTLIFE!! NIGHTLIFE!!	The Quality Inn Downtown on Crescent Street 1 block south of St Catherines has been recently refurbished and is clean and safe. No it's not the Ritz but for $65-$90.00 USD depending on the season also consider the fact that within a 6 block radius of the Quality there is some of the best nightlife on this continent...!!!!!!!!!Restaurants, Cafes, Bars, Disco, Jazz, Rock, Irish, sophisticated to grunge, and when the bars close at 3 (If you have been there for a while they close the doors at 3 and let you stay till 4 usually drinking for free by now if you had been taking care of your bartender) now you only have a two short blocks to stumble home to your hotelWhen checking in ask for Jerry (one of the managers) introduce your self to him and he will take excellent care of you!! Larry	
Nov 4 2009 	Fantastique Hôtel		
Aug 13 2009 	Bien situé		
Jul 28 2008 	Hôtel de piètre qualité!		
