Nov 13 2009 	Very good modern hotel	Very comfortable rooms with not just free internet, but in room PCs. Included continental breakfast was a bonus. Good location close to Old Town and a choice of metro stations just a short walk away.	
Nov 7 2009 	Basic hotel	This new hotel is clean and attractive. Staff is friendly. The rooms have large refrigerators and in-room computers (with French keyboards). The wireless internet worked well. The bed was comfortable. The hotel doesn't have many amenities besides a basic free breakfast and an adequate workout room. It's simple, but nice and comfortable.It is located only a half-block from the Palais de Congres convention center and the Place D'Armes Metro stop. It's only a few blocks from Vieux-Montreal (Old Town) and also close to the center of downtown. A great location is you want to see different parts of the city. I highly recommend the Hotel Le Dauphin!	
Nov 2 2009 	Great value!	My cousin &amp; I stayed here for a weekend getaway. I picked this hotel based on the reviews on tripadvisor. Fantastic! The location was great being a block away from a metro stop and Old Montreal. In fact, Rue Ste. Catherine was only 2-3 blocks away as well. The room was spacious, clean, modern, and relatively new. The beds were firm &amp; comfortable. The bathroom was a little small but stylish with Grohe fixtures. Maybe it was a slow weekend, but the hotel was super quiet. I specifically asked for a quiet room, and boy, did I get one! The continental breakfast was okay; I opted for a banana and some tea. Because of the great value of the room, I indulged myself by going out for breakfast. Having an internet-connected computer in the room was wonderfully useful; hope this is a trend in other hotels! Overall, I was very happy with my stay and wouldn't hesitate to return to this hotel!	
Oct 18 2009 	Great location clean modern hotel.	This hotel is in a fantastic location, right beside the congress centre, and in between old town and shopping on Ste. Catherine.The rooms were great - clean, modern, and the in room computer was a nice touch. Since there are only a small number of rooms on each floor, it was nice and quiet.We were a bit disappointed with the quality of the toiletries provided, I would have expected something a little higher-end to be more in line with the vibe of the hotel.The breakfast was good, however, be warned that they treat holidays like weekdays and not weekends, so we were a bit disappointed to have missed breakfast on the holiday Monday.	
Oct 8 2009 	Absolutly Lovely.	very nice, clean hotel. great location, friendly staff. offered an umbrella when raining. gave resturant suggestions. breakfast was ok.	
Sep 7 2009 	Clean and Modern	My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel in Montreal after much back and forth over where to stay. I ended up booking this hotel based on all of the positive reviews, but really had no idea what to expect upon arrival. It was a bit tricky to find, mostly because my gps was a little cranky and because it's a smaller hotel with an unassuming entry, but once we were inside, I was more than impressed. The decor was simple and modern, and everything looked brand new and clean. My favorite feature was the beautiful bathroom and the glass shower. I also was very impressed with the fact that we had a computer with free wireless, a fridge, a safe, and a huge flatscreen tv in the room. For what we paid, this was more than what we were expecting. We only made it to the continental breakfast one morning, but we were happy with it. There wasn't any coffee left, but upon letting the staff know, they made a fresh batch for us. The front desk staff was helpful and they all spoke English. Parking wasn't too much of an issue either. We bought pre-paid tickets from the hotel and were able to park in the convention center garage next door (which is a really great building as well!) We had no issues whatsoever. The location of the hotel was excellent as well. We were located right next to the subway system and a block or two away from Notre Dame and Old Montreal. It was the perfect spot.My one complaint is that housekeeping did come to our floor really early one morning, which I thought was weird. But I can't even be too sure of that because I was half asleep still. And a pool would have been nice, but at least there was air conditioning that cooled down the room very fast. If you are looking for a very reasonably priced hotel that is clean, comfortable, and has modern ammenities, then I would recommend this place in a heartbeat. If I return to Montreal, I would def. stay there again.	
Aug 7 2009 	Montreawesome!C'est Parfait!	Stayed for 3 days with 2 teens. Hotel location was perfect. Room was big, 2 queens. Great breakfast. Staff was superb all around, friendly and helpful. Could walk to the old city sites several blocks to the south and to the city center for shops and restaurants several blocks north. Entrance a block away in convention center to Metro, walk thru underground city to McGill for college visit and then north through the Park to the Chateau for awesome view of the city. LONG walk uphill on rocky road, wear comfy shoes. We rented bikes from bixi stop outside the convention center a block away ($5 each) and biked down to the waterfront for a fab ride during a rainstorm. Ride to the end (opposite Molson) and get a lobster sandwich and clam chowder, then back on the bike. Fireworks Sat night- walk or cab ($10 from hotel) down Rene Levesque to the park and watch from the grass. Latin Quarter has lots of ethnic restaurants. Museaum w/history of city a MUST, teens loved it. $15/day park around corner in convention ctr. $`	
Aug 7 2009 	If you are looking for a great hotel in central MTL - STAY HERE!	So thanks to everyone's reviews and honest opinions on tripadvisor we were not disappointed when we booked this hotel for our 2 night stay this past weekend. We visit Montreal occasionally, more recently we have stayed at the Holiday Inn Express, and the Travelodge in Montreal. The holiday inn Express is always okay - but it was fully booked, so we tried something new and were pleasantly surprised with Hotel Dauphin. Great Location, close to shopping, chinatown, old montreal. Great Price..it was about $30 less than Holiday inn express. Included a really good self serve continental breakfast. Amazing Room - clean, very modern for a hotel, with free high speed access (unheard of!). Great service, the hotel front staff very helpful, pleasant. We were travelling within a group of 4 families, and all were very happy with the accomodations. No complaints! Yes, the parking is a block away but it is not really a big deal, just glad that our vehicles were safe! Some guest were having problems with their magnetic cards to access the elevator, but no biggie, I just needed to jiggle mine to work. I have to say it is one of the nicest hotels i have stayed at within this price range, love the modern ammenities! Kudos to the staff &amp; management of this first class independant hotel. We will definately rebook on our next visit in October, and recommend to all:)	
Jul 9 2009 	Excellent location - excellent facilities	Only thing missing is a pool - but the rooms are great, and in a very central locale for all the events of Montreal. And great price compared to the over-priced places around it.	
Jul 8 2009 	hidden gem nice modern decor great amenities	I picked this hotel for the location, and also for other amenities that come with it. This hotel is a no-fuzz hotel. The staff was always there but would not be in too much of your way -- perfect for quiet, no-fuzz travelers. The breakfast was very hearty with a great variety of different kinds of juices, drinks, toast, baked beans, etc. The most surprise of all was that the hotel provided a desktop computer in every room. If you bring your own laptop, you can unplug the Ethernet cable from the desktop and plug it into your own laptop. The room has in-room safe. The hotel looks new. Decoration is modern style with very clean room and bathroom, and a nice soft fluffy bed. I loved it and will stay there again if I have a chance.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great value great location great place!	This hotel was renovated in 2007, location is great, 10 minute walk to Old Montreal. Room was large and super clean with 2 comfortable queen beds, a spacious bathroom with huge shower, Flat Screen TV and computer. Room was quiet, staff very pleasant and helpful, continental breakfast with juices, cereals, some fruit and bread, etc. Overall a great deal - would definitely stay here again in Montreal.	
Jun 18 2009 	Good deal - nice place	This was just what I expected, pleasantly. A large, loft-like room, decorated in a very contemporary, soothing way, but not fancy. Essentially Hotel Ikea. Everything worked fine, the bathroom is huge, with a great shower, etc. If you're looking for top-tier materials and amenities and quality, pay more somewhere else. If you're looking for a very comfortable, workable, affordable place to stay very convenient to downtown and Old Montreal and not far from the Village, convenient to the Metro, stay at Hotel Dauphin. We got the most expensive room, which was on the top floor and had a separate sitting area with a leather sectional and extra TV, $169/night. The computer in the room was handy. The staff was friendly and helpful and efficient.	
Jun 7 2009 	Oh La La...Tres Amazing!	Can't find a better deal in Montreal. Great location, great price. Nothing to complain about. I give it three thmbs up!	
Jun 2 2009 	I loved this hotel! Close to everything and was such a clean place w/ free Breakfast!	I stayed here for Memorial day weekend, and I fell in love. The Hotel was in a perfect location. I think the farthest thing we walked to was 15 minutes. We were three blocks away from the Notre Dame Basilica. The lightshow was really nice. Only $10 and it was worth it (though you have to sit through a little history lesson). The show its really amazing. From the Hotel old montreal is about 5 minutes walking distance. The Port is very lovely to walk up and down on. They have a new bike system where people can rent bikes I believe up to 24 hours. I must warn you that there is a deposit of $200, so if you plan on renting the bikes make sure you use your credit card and not your debit (needless to say we flipped out with we saw the charge). It takes from 24-48 hours for the pending charges to be removed once the bikes are returned to any station. I would def. rent the bikes again. It was a great time, i'll just make sure to use my Amex lol. Catherine street is about 3 blocks away, this is where you will find the shopping stores, Old Navy, Puma, foot locker. Crescent street is filled with bars and restaurants.The subway or metro was so easy to navigate, we had no problem getting to the Biodome on it (another place you should check out)The Hotel itself was very clean. The staff was always friendly and said hi. Check in and out were smooth, and our room was ready at like 12:30!! There is a free newspaper delivered every morning, and there is complimentary breakfast (cereal, toast, muffins, bagels, juice, tea and coffee) Its enough to keep you full until lunch.The Hotel has parking downstairs, but there were able 7 so depending on how many people are at the hotel with cars, you may be in luck, and it was only $15/dayThe beds were extremely comfortable. The showers were very clean and the tv was big. AND there is a computer in your room with FREE internet! There is also a fridge and safe. I felt right at home, and the next time I come to Montreal I will def. stay at this hotel. I feel like i'm leaving tons of things out. There was so much to do. We didn't have a set schedule of things to do, we just went with the flow. and it worked out perfectly. The people are very friendly and laid back.If you have any questions let me know!	
May 27 2009 	Excellent value + location	The suite was spacious and at the cost of a regular room anywhere in downtown Montreal. You get A LOT for your money ... a computer with internet, a jaccuzi, free breakfast, two televisions, spacious room, spacious shower, etc. A real bargain!	
May 24 2009 	Didn’t like it at all - poor service	Didn't like it at all. Staying was terrible. Access is very bad they give you a scheme to get to their parking so you have to go all way around to get to it. No information on their website that parking is very limited (6 parking spots in underground garage! That's it!) and is 15$ per night. Room keys don't work you have to swipe it 3-4 times to get into your room or to start elevator (we saw all customers having same problems). Breakfast which was included in price was very cheap – no choice at all and same food every day. Stuff is very limited, nobody from management available on weekends and if you want to speak to manager ladies on reception say to wait till Monday!!! Stuff don't smile at all. Although hotel was empty we were given room with window facing back side with terrible view (no point to stay downtown!) and room was very small. They don't have pool in the hotel. I am completely unsatisfied and will never stay there again. NEVER	
May 20 2009 	Terrible time - our car got damaged in their garage! Don't stay there!	We were staying at Le Dauphin Centre Ville hotel with my family (my husband and his parents) for the weekend (we came from Toronto). They have a very small garage parking which is $15 per night. You have to get out of car to slide you room key to enter it, so my hubby did that door opened and when we start doing inside door hit our car! my husband had to make reverse to save car from bigger damage and door has broken deflector! We were so disappointed and upset, we wanted to see management right away but were told that nobody is available until Monday (and this happened on Saturday and were leaving next day). We called police and officer confirmed that door goes down too fast and motion sensor is installed to far inside in the garage. I spoke to their their manager Milot and he was mean to me Instead of reimbursing damage and apologies I heard &quot;call your insurance&quot;! And we are their customers whose weekend was totally spoiled!!! NEVER STAY THERE AGAIN. They don't value their customers and they have UNSAFETY parking garage! Don''t even want to think of what could happen if my husband didn't react so fast - we won;t be able to go back to Toronto next day... VERY UPSET	
May 18 2009 	Great hotel with lots of amenities in a good location reasonable price	Stayed here with some friends and shared a room with 2 double beds. The check in was quick and easy and we were given 4 room keys. The room was just as pictured and very clean. Great water pressure in the shower and the computer with internet in the room was a great feature. The room also has a mini fridge and in-room safe. The alarm clock has a docking station for an i-pod and when it goes off, it starts out quiet and works up to a louder volume and was pleasant to wake up to! The breakfast bar had more than enough selection. Location is close to everything we needed, particularly Old Montreal and Cirque du Soleil. We got parking but the small lot is very tight for a big car/SUV. We were allowed to keep our car in the lot for the remainder of our visit after we checked out for just $10, a great deal in the downtown for parking if you are going to walk around. This was a great hotel with lots of amenities in a good location with a very reasonable price for what you are getting.	
Apr 13 2009 	Clean and pleasant boutique hotel close to the old city.	We (my husband and 10 and 12 year old children) stayed at the Hotel Dauphin for two nights over a very cold easter weekend. The hotel was very clean and the young women at the front desk were very helpful and kind. They all spoke both french and english. The room was somewhat small, but nicely and simply decorated. We had two king beds with soft linens, two chairs, and the TV and computer. The bathroom was very pretty but dark. There was no light in the shower stall. We were given keycards for security which allowed us to use the elevator, open the door, and turn on the lights. The breakfast was filled with mostly carb related foods - cereal, bread/bagel/homemade muffins - and some yogurt, beans, cheese, and apples. The location of the hotel was very convenient. We were in walking distance to the old city, where there were many restaurants, souvenier shops, and historic buildings. The very good science museum was close by. The metro was also very close. We were able to walk to other parts of the city as well. Overall, we had a very positive impression of this hotel.	
Feb 17 2009 	Great boutique hotel in downtown Montreal	Stayed at the Hotel Dauphin for 2 nights in October 08. The location was excellent - just a short walk from both Notre Dame and St Catherines.Hotel is very new and modern. Rooms were large and well-appointed. Nice TV and a computer with free internet in the room were highlights. Free Breakfast was excellent.Check in/out was quick - staff were very friendly and helpful (and bilingual).Highly recommend the Dauphin if you are looking for a great location between Old Montreal and St Catherines.	
Jan 2 2009 	Great value for a hotel by conference center	We stayed here for a conference in September 2008. It was less than a block away from the conference center, so it was quite convenient in that respect. It was only a 20 minute walk away from the major shopping area. The hotel was always clean and quiet and the front desk staff was friendly. We forgot to bring an umbrella with us, but we were able to rent one from the front desk with a monetary deposit, which was returned when we returned the umbrella. Nice idea! There was complimentary internet and breakfast every day... the breakfast bar always included beans, which is apparently quite common in Quebec.	
Dec 22 2008	Quality Hotel 	A clean hotel at a reasonable price. Right off the main street so a good location but also very secure. With your curtains closed you are sure to forget that you are even in the middle of a city. Breakfast was minimal but otherwise a great place for the price.	
Dec 14 2008 	There are better hotels in Montreal	This hotel is fairly new. If I return I will definetly find another hotel. The price however was not bad for what we received. At arrival no one helped us with our luggage, my mother had to push one of the carts to the front of the hotel to get our luggage from the car and than up the elevator to our third floor room. There were two staff members present, and not a lot of visitors in the lobby. Someone could have offered us some sort of help, we had just arrived from Quebec, and we had more than one suitcase. One benefit was the computer in the room this was a nice touch which I have never seen before. The t.v. was nice, and so was the modern feel of the room with a nice shower. It was clean, and the location was close to chinatown which is a nice place to visit and eat. The street this hotel is located on, is not great compared to other hotels close to more attractions. This hotel also does not have parking and our parking thing got messed up where we ended up paying more than we should have. The beds were hard, which some people I guess like, but way to hard for me. Close to Old Montreal, we were able to walk a few blocks and we were there. There was also a free breakfast which was conveniant. Our family first traveled to Quebec than Montreal, and this hotel does not compare to how nice our other hotel was. Just think in a few years, the computers and the tv will be outdated, and it may be hard to replace all of them, making this hotel older faster. Montreal is a nice city, and I think there are other better hotels out there. If your just traveling for business this is probably made better for that, than family traveling. the hotel also did not seem very busy in our stay, which I am not sure is a good/ bad thing. It was quiet which was nice.	
Oct 12 2008 	Modern conveniently located hotel	We stayed at the Hotel Dauphin for 3 nights during September 2008. Location is great - near the convention centre and walking distance of the Old TownReception Staff: Pleasant, fluent in english &amp; french, which is very helpful. Room: Modern, clean and a decent size. The bed was king size and very comfortable with clean and soft sheets. Room had flat screen tv, free wireless internet (computer in the room!). Lovely modern double shower room (however a light in the shower area would have been even better). As an added bonus there was a continental breakfast included.	
Sep 25 2008 	Liked the Hotel Dauphin	I stayed in the Hotel Dauphin for two nights during the first week of September 2008. Location is great - right near the convention centre and other hot spots in downtown Montreal. The hotel must have been really renovated recently. Everything seems new. Very modern, very clean. Room was huge, flat screen tv, free wireless internet, very nice bathroom. Bed was comfortable. No view out of my room, or any others as far as I could tell. No mini-bar. However, a very nice breakfast was included. I thought the price was excellent too.I recommend this hotel.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great Spot for downtown shopping	Great little hotel....modern and very clean. 5 minutes away from shopping on St. Catherine's street. Free internet access in rooms was unexpected and welcomed. Free breakfast was very convenient (bagels, toast, juice, coffee, fruit etc). Overall a great spot if you're looking for something close to shopping and not too costly. Would definitely recommend it.	
Aug 21 2008 	I will return	great hotel, not very busy brand new. it lacks certain amenities...but not necessary ones ( pool, restaurant), very limited but ok breakfast.PROS-fast windows vista dell pc in every room- under 5 mins to chinatownn- 10 mins to st. catherines shopping area- 5 mins to the startof old montreal- under 5 mins to Place D`armes metro station in the convention ctr.-27­ inch flatscreen tv- big fridge- one of the nicest bathrooms, but no tub only shower-safe, acesscards neede for elevator-frequent cleaningCONS-limited light controls in room, all or non virtually- scan cards didnt work that well- short hotel, no views - beside a condemed haunted house, but still good area- no restaurant, only breakfats ( limited)I will return to this hotel, all I really care about is location and the state of the rooms, and for 4 people this hotel was great..pristine modern nice room and close 2 everything	
Aug 19 2008 	Great location great hotel	We returned on Aug. 16, 2008 from an 8-day stay at Hotel Le Dauphin on Rue de Bleury in downtown Montreal and I can't say enough about how it was a great choice. My mom (in her 60s), myself (in my mid-40s) and my two daughters (ages 10 and 12) all loved the hotel. I chose it specifically because it was the only hotel in Montreal I could find that offered 2 queen beds standard. I ended up booking it online (I think room was about $147 per night) as my travel agent couldn't find me anywhere that had anything but 2 double beds and we wanted to stay in 1 room! Not only was the room clean, new (I believe the hotel only opened in 2007. Everything seemed new), well decorated, with luxurious bedding and a beautiful bathroom, they also provide a computer with internet access in each room at no additional charge, as well as a flat screen cable TV with DVD player and a refrigerator (plus 2 bottles of water per day in your room free). They have breakfast everyday in a nice breakfast room from 6 to 10 am and it includes cereals, croissants, bagels, toast, fruit, beans, coffee, tea and juices. They offer some snacks (sodas, bottled water, candy) for sale in the lobby. There is also a washing machine and dryer behind a door in the lobby restroom (can only enter with your room keycard) in case you need that and laundry soap available for sale in the lobby too. The hotel staff are French-speaking but the staff in the reception area all speak fluent English too. It is also located in a great place. It is one block from Palais de Congres (Montreal Convention Center) which is across the street from a great fountain that was originally created for the Olympics and is covered in steamy smoke and a ring of fire each night (at least it was when we were there. Not sure if it is seasonal). We were also within 2 to 3 blocks of 3 subway stops on two different lines which made getting around on the metro (which is very clean and safe and easy to take -- even my mom went alone to the casino by subway and bus) very easy! The underground mall (including shops and cafes) at Desjardins on Boulevard Renee-Levesque is within 3 blocks and you can walk through it to get to Place D'Arts subway stop (we were directed by hotel staff). The main tourist sites of Vieux Montreal (Old Montreal) are also within easy walking distance of the hotel (about 4-8 blocks depending on where you are going) and if you go out the hotel door and turn right and right around the haunted house next door, you will see Chinatown within about 1 block! Though not much was mentioned about Chinatown in guidebooks, it has good Chinese restaurants and even bakeries. This hotel is ideal if you do not need a real concierge (all the staff at the reception desk are helpful and have maps and guidebooks but there is not a real concierge), and do not need a restaurant or pool right in the hotel. I may try to talk my husband into going back for our 15th anniversary this fall!	
Aug 3 2008 	Nice for the Price	We stayed at the Dauphin during the Jazz Festival. it's in a very convenient location, just a few blocks from the festival with China Town and Old Town also very close. The complimentary breakfast was fine, offering fruit, coffee, yogurt, pastries, and cold cereal. There is parking available at the nearby convention center for $17/day. The parking onsite was sold-out. The rooms were comfortable and clean with a mini-fridge, safe, and flat-screen TV. The bathroom had a nice walk-in shower. One complaint - the gym is a little creepy. It's in a windowless, interior room that's a little smaller than one of the guest rooms. Could be a little weird if there's more than one person in there at a time. Overall a nice place to stay with very reasonable rates. We'll probably consider staying here the next time we go to jazz fest.	
Jul 10 2008	Poor Service	This is a smoke free hotel in the heart of the city. The rooms are a bit small but all right. But the service is very bad.. We checked into our room to find out it was very HOT. So called up the desk and they instead of fixing the A/C gave us another room. An overkill but we said all right and moved to the other room. Two lights weren't working which I could live with (as there were 6 lights in the room). But one of them was flickering and we wanted it changed. We stayed there for two days and they changed the light the next day. Another thing none in the front desk can suggest things to do in the city. They give u a brochure and ask u to figure it out.. Maybe the staff did not like to work on the first of July, but they should not have kept the hotel open then. Breakfast and ease of access to nearby point were the high points.. I would not stay here again.	
Jul 4 2008 	Great Hotel	This a great hotel and great value. The rooms are spacious with superb amenities, i.e., a computer with free internet connection, a modern inroom safe, refrigerator, a beautifully furnished bathroom with state of the art shower fixtures, comfortable beds, etc. The exterior is very modest and initially a turn off because it is tangent to a closed out and what appears to have been an amusement haunted house, complete with ghouls hanging our of windows and intentional graffiti (I think) on the walls. It is located on a fairly calm street and consequently traffic noise is not a factor. We were on the fourth floor facing the street and we couldn't hear any traffic on weekends as well as weekdays.The location is terrific and negates having a car. About 7 easy minutes walk to Old town and a myraid of resturants and shops., 3 minute walk to Chinatown, 12 - 15 minute walk to the train station, and a 5 minute walk to a Metro station. The Chinatown had a some good resturants and a particularly neat bakery which offered these warm rolls with bacon and other stuff on it - they were delicious and cost about $1.25 each. Also try their custard tarts for a $1 each. The area immediately around the hotel felt very safe to me and we (my wife and I) often walked to and from at night without feeling threatened at any time.The staff of this hotel is warm and friendly. I felf genuinely welcomed. I would definitely come back if I ever visited Montreal again and would recommend this place to anyone.	
Jun 15 2008 	veryvery nice!	I read some reviews on tripadvisor.com and we decided to choose this hotel. It was a wise decision: good location, very clean and recently renovated rooms,internet and PC in your room and very friendly staff. The breakfast was not something exceptional but we had Rue St Denis just 5 min walking so, a lot of places where we could have a very good french breakfast.	
Nov 24 2007	Excellent downtown hotel with free computer and internet	Right in the middle of Montreal downtown, a few blocks away from the Old Town, Art center, conference center, and Chinatown. Very clean, nice interior design, inexpensive. Free computer and internet in every room! Okay free continental breakfast.The room is nice but not quite spacious, which I guess is okay for a downtown hotel.Parking is $17, but you can find cheaper parking closeby. Meters are very expensive, $3 an hour, but public parking is $10 a day.	
Nov 8 2007 	Underrated	Decided to try out this somewhat unknown hotel and I was pleasantly surprised. It seems like it is pretty new as the rooms, decor, building are all in good shape.The area is right downtown and from the outside the hotel doesn't look like much. Its a smaller hotel with nine floors and about 10 rooms per floor maybe.The room was designed with a modern IKEA-like style. Not a big room, but well kept and well equipped. I was surprised to see they offered a new Dell Dimension PC, keyboard and LCD as part of the standard package, along with hi-speed internet. LCD TV, mini-fridge, safe, cordless phone, alarm clock were nice features. The bathroom was modern as well with Grohe hardware in the sink and shower, which was a funky glass enclosure.I must say the mattress and linens were just okay.. ive had softer more luxurious hotel beds for sure.The staff was friendly and flexible and let me have a 2pm checkout which was perfect to take a noon conference call from my room.Continental breakfast is also offered and parking is underground... but only 12 spots or so available.You had to use your passkey in the elevators, parking garage, etc. and I saw they had videocameras all around too for security reasons.I thought it was pretty good value for the location and would stay there again.	
Oct 24 2007 	Wonderful! Don't be put off by gloomy reception.	Can't recommend this hotel highly enough, for the huge room and the facilities. Don't be put off by the gloomy reception area and rather neutral receptionists. This is a very new hotel, and the usual modern facilities (iron and board, hair dryer, kettle, coffee, tea) are exceeded by an in-room programmable safe, plasma TV and your own computer. This last was an absolute boon. Complimentary newspapers left outside your room, and self-serve breakfast in the breakfast room offers a wide choice of options. Exercise room equipped with three machines. Good location, between 2 Metro stations and in walking distance of Chinatown and central shopping district. I stayed in 5 hotels in Canada, and this was by far the most luxurious and the best.	
Oct 12 2007 	Great Location Clean Modern Rooms Good Value	Le Dauphin is a clean, newer, modern hotel in a prime location. If you are having a convention, you couldn't pick a better place because it is just steps away from the Convention Center. My family and I walked to Vieux Port, Rue Ste.-Catherine, and Chinatown in minutes. The bed was soft with white linens, possibly it was a down comforter. There was a nice LCD television and small flat screen computer with internet access. The bathroom shower was chic with its stone tiling and glass wall. Having only stayed one night, I found it quiet for that night and did not have any loud neighbors. There was no swimming pool but our room had a view of the adjacent condo's rooftop pool. Too bad! Parking was a small journey since we had to park in the convention center garage, but it wasn't a big deal. The continental breakfast was really good, especially the muffins and bagels. Stay here for convenience, cleanliness, good value, and comfort.	
Sep 17 2007 	Great amenities perfect for business travellers	I was pleasantly surprised to find such a great hotel. Done in a boutique-style they really go over the top to give you the little extras, especially for the price. I've never actually had a real hair dryer in a hotel room before! I stayed in the King suite and the leather lounging area was great for relaxing. The free internet in my room was a nice little addition as well. A bit more down-budget, the service isn't much, but the price is great. Staff, when needed, is terrific.Location isn't the greatest, but you're still within a 15 minute walk to the downtown core and Old Montreal. If you'll be at the Palais de Congres, however, it's a perfect location.	
Jul 18 2007 	Excellent Location and Reasonable Price	We have stayed here for 3 nights and we love it!!!Pros: New and stylish hotel with excellent location, only 2 mins walkto the Metro station (Place des A'rmes), 5 mins walk to the Notre Dame, breakfast was complimentary and was served from 6am, free access to the laundry machines (you need to ask the front desk for the key to use the machines), computer with internet connection inside each guest room, flat screen TV, DVD player, super comfortablebeds, and friendly staff.Cons: breakfast could have been a little better, not enough bars/racks/hooks to hang the towels and clothes inside the bathroomThe pictures shown in their websites are exactly the same as they are.	
May 7 2007 	What a surprise!	Was not sure whether or not to stay at the Hotel Dauphin as their website does not really promote a professional image of the hotel. However, I can say that this hotel was quite a great find!Rooms are very new and well equipped - comfortable king bed, large refrigerator, LCD TV, a computer (yes!) with free internet, and a nicely finished bathroom.View from the room was not great, actually the only thing I could see was the wall of another building, and breakfast which is included in the rate is quite basic. However, the location and quality of the hotel are fantastic for the price. Would recommend.	
Oct 7 2009 	superbe		
Aug 19 2009 	Hotel à recommander proche de tout . Idéal pour visiter Montréal		
May 26 2009	estupendo		
Apr 2 2009 	Ottima location ottimo hotel		
Jan 24 2009 	Bon hotel mais service à revoir		
Mar 23 2008	Impeccable !		
