Jan 18 2009	NOT a hotel anymore!	I last stayed at the Montfort five years ago and it excellent and economical so I now that I'm planning another visit to MTL, I decided to try it again. Only problem is, they are no longer a hotel but an apartment building according to the gentleman who answered the phone. Time to update your information Trip Advisor! Jan 2009.	
Nov 29 2005	Great home away from home	I lived at Le Montfort for five months from April to August 1999 while studying in Montreal. A great place and a fantastic home away from home. The appartment was very roomy, the staff friendly and helpful, and the view from my 14th floor-terrace (and from the rooftop terrace) over Montreal and the St. Laurent are unbelieavble. I'd always come back!	
Nov 17 2004	The Hotel is very nice..Takes a little getting use to	My Wife and I have stayed there for vacations for almost 20+ years and we noticed the changes over the years and for the most they were changes for the better. One area they could improve on is the elevator system, which is terrible. During the day the house cleaning staff use the main elevators and tie it up from guests trying to get to or from their rooms. Additionally the front desk staff don't always answer the telephone in a quick fashion probably due to low or non existant staff being at the counters. However the location is perfect for any visitor to Montreal and its a few blocks away from almost any where you would like to go. Two metros within walking distance. Main streets of Ste. Catherine &amp; Sherbrooke a short walk away. Two shopping centers and easy access to the main highway system in Canada.Staff is very friendly, place is very clean and yeah at times there are a noisy element especially during the summer months. Pool is wonderful, sauna and weight room and well as game room available, under ground secure parking with easy access a plus. Fine eating and dinning across the street at Chez Ennios as well as your local fare of McDonals and Wendys as well as Post Office and hospitals within walking dstance. All and all a great place to stay. Highly recommend this hotel. But be prepared as I said to wait for an elevator, especially if your room is on a floor higher than Floor 8..! You couls always use the stairs...	
Jun 10 2004	Confortable and central	We stayed at the Le Montfort for 3 days in late May. We had a suite with kitchen facilities, for a reasonable price (Expedia).Advantages: comfortable beds, good kitchen facilities (anyone staying for a week or more could save a bundle on food costs, although the can opener in our suite was blunt so I bought one to take with us), conveniently located between 2 subway stops. Atwater to the west has a mall and a cinema/entertainment complex, convenience stores every hundred paces or so.Disadvantages: somewhat overheated for the season, but there were windows to open. Unfortunately this let in the noise from the main street traffic below, including sirens at 3 am.Staff: neither pleasant nor rude. Overall they were helpful, although it took a while to have 2 lightbulbs replaced when we moved in.Recommend for families or couples on an extended stay of 3 days or more.	
Mar 18 2004	great family accomadations	We almost didn't stay here because of Jan.2004 review. We did and it worked out beautifully.Great location,the kids enjoyed the nearby cool stores,close to downtown, art museum,McGill.Clean rooms,handy kitchenette and separate living room from bedrooms suited different sleeping patterns. Staff were friendly and helpful.	
Jan 5 2004	Avoid this place like the plague!	This place is horrible!! Their prices are too high and the staff was very rude..Their rooms are nothing like what they look like on their website. The place is a dump.I would never stay there again.I stayed for one night and changed hotels the next day. I paid the same price for a four star hotel just down the street.	
Jun 28 2003	great stay and a great price	We stayed during Grand Prix Weekend. Maid service everyday during our stay. Rooms were super clean and close proximity to a subway (about 2 blocks away).Everything was within walking distance (shopping, restaurants). Staff was fantastic. Will definitely stay there again. Parking is off site but within walking distance.	
Oct 16 2002	Would not stay there again..	Room was way too hot. No way to control the heat and the bathroom sink was leaking onto the floor. Had to call receptioon 4 or 5 time to get them to properly fix the leak. They did offer a $30 rebate for the inconvenience, but I would not stay there again.	
Sep 28 2002	Definitely Recommend Le Montfort	We enjoyed our stay at Le Montfort very much. It is an excellent choice for families. We had a one bedroom suite with two beds in the bedroom and a sofabed in the living room, so it accomodated our family of five very nicely. The kitchen was a great convenience for us.The location was great! It was a very short walk in either direction to the Métro, and there were shopping and parks close by. The rooftop pool and deck were great, and our children enjoyed the opportunity to swim after a day of touring. The temperature of the pool was very comfortable, too.We didn't find the hotel noisy at all, although the street below was a little noisy at times.We thought it was a very good hotel. It isn't fancy, but it is well-equipped, well-located, and reasonably priced.	
Jul 6 2002	University Stay	Several area universities use this location for visiting faculty, and it has had good reviews from this sort of traveler. The banging on doors at 3 am does not sound like a normal event as this location has been suggested, and is booked for professional (non-student) university conferences and training conferences for business people.	
Feb 13 2002	Sleepless in Montreal	This is a hotel to stay in if you want to party, yell, screem, and bang on doors all night long. This hotel seems to cater to this sort of person. Stay away if you want to sleep at 3AM. This hotel doesn't want your business.	
Oct 11 2001	Excellent	I have been there many times and found the accomidations to be excellent. The rooms were spacious and well furnished. I liked that all of the kitchen appliances, dishes, glasses and everything else was included in the room.	
