Nov 9 2009 	Good enough	Stayed here while at a conference at McGill. The hotel is simply good enough, it's better than the equivalent halls at Imperial in London, and not as good as the Seoul Plaza in Korea: but then one is a five star hotel and the other's a British university halls, so what would you expect.The room was acceptably warm (Montreal in June was miserable), the bed was comfortable, the breakfast was good but simple (not fancily chopped melon bites and a hundred types of eggs). The staff had a studenty vibe: but then I quite like students.The metro is about 10 minutes walk at Place-Des-Art, and below the hotel is one of Montreal's mass of underground passageways and malls. Apparently you can navigate a lot of downtown Montreal underground.The hotel is a couple of hundred metres from the southern edge of Mont Royale, never did find a way onto the park, maybe next time.	
Jul 31 2009 	Possible Bedbugs in Molson Hall	I stayed in Bishop Mountain Hall's Molson Hall and I had lots of bed bug like bites each morning I stayed there.However, I searched the room for all the signs of an infestation or for bugs and I didn't find any evidence. That being said the cinderblock walls leave lots of little places for the bugs to hide out. Since it's hard to say if it's a BB bite for SURE without evidence all I can say was I was getting bites at night and they weren't mosquito bites. There were also smears of blood on the sheets which is another sign of bed bugs.Upon looking when I got home other McGill residences have confirmed bed bug cases including the most public case in MORE.Aside from the bugs, the rooms were alright. Price was good. Staff weren't informative but nice. Apparently I got free breakfast (up to $5 each day and wasn't told until the last day after it ended - nice). Lack of knowledge about airport shuttles which ended up in me not getting a pickup shuttle back. No wifi access unless you stay more that 14 nights but free use of computers between 7am and 10 pm. I would prefer wifi personally. The view was great from my room... and since it's on a hill you can see a very lovely cityscape. They call this Bishop Mountain Hall for a reason.... you do have to travel up and down a hill to get there... which is very exausting after a long day of exploring.	
Apr 12 2009 	Excellent value and location for the budget traveller	I stayed here for over a week as part of a plan to recharge my batteries on a round-the-world trip. I'd been staying in shared hostel rooms and needed some time out on my own. McGill was just the place, offering single student rooms at a great price.The location was fantastic, rooms weren't too cramped and the breakfast was generous. The only downside was the lack of air conditioning. Would highly recommend it.	
Dec 2 2008	Best deal for the tight budgeted traveller	I booked this hotel/hostel for the F1 Grand Prix weekend (RIP 1982-2008), it was the most affordable in town! This hotel was the Renaissance Hotel and was bought by McGill University. The rooms are standard hotel rooms with two queen beds. The difference is there are two desks and two wardrobes in the room(for the Masters students in the winter). There is wireless internet and cable tv. The location is close to subway stops and resturants/shopping/groceries. There is also breakfast served in the hotel everymorning. Under ground parking is available and is attached to the hotel making for an easy in and out. The Verdict: Though not quite a normal hotel, it is definatly the best spot to stay in Montreal for the budgeted traveler. No need for multi person Hostel rooms!	
Aug 13 2008	I'd definitely stay again	This is an affordable place (use your AAA discount) in a very good location for exploring. Becuase of the varied taxes and higher touristy rates, the $5 free breakfast was welcomed. Be warned. If you get the prepared special (powdered scrambled eggs, bacon or sausage, fried potatoes, coffee or juice and sometimes baked beans, a pancake or a waffle), you will need some serious cholesterol medication. You can do the math up to $5.00 and select healthier choices such as fruit and yogurt. The days we had the prepared breakfast kept us fueled for many hours before we needed to think about food again. No coffee or tea in the rooms, but ironing board, blow dryer, refirigerator, etc. Not every amenity on every floor. We inquired and found the ice machine on the 5th floor.  The converted hotel rooms offer lots of space and they provide daily maid service. No pool or gym, but you can get your exercise walking. Bus stops are in front and it's only about five blocks to the nearest metro station. Downstairs is a conveniently located post office, two grocery stores, shops to fix your hair or your shoes, and even a Dollorama for extreme budgeting. There is even a cinema with French and English films and some restaurants.The staff is very friendly but don't mistake them for concierges. They will give you their best guess as to where something is or the time for something, etc., but they gave me some incorrect information and I heard them do that to others, too.Two free internet stations, one of which works sporadically.Close to the base of Mount Royal and even fun to walk down Rue Arthur (close by to see the al fresco diners and musicians.)We bought food from the markets and had several picnic style meals thanks to the refrigerator in the room.	
Aug 24 2007 	no frills no AC but clean and reasonably comfortable	Our family stayed in a corner suite during a conference that my husband attended. It had two rooms, a small kitchen, and a bathroom. Overall, the hotel was a hybrid between a hotel and dorm, that is, an upscale dorm (it used to be a hotel) or a slightly quirky hotel.My main complaint is that the air conditioners in both rooms were either lacking refrigerant or were disabled. They only worked as fans. It wasn't too hot when we were there, so we did not complain, but if it had been warmer, we would have.There wasn't a restaurant in the hotel except for the breakfast room, which was a lot like a college dining hall. The prices were high and the food mediocre (coffee terrible!) However, there are some nice bakeries and cafes and LOTS of nice restaurants in walking distance (Blvd St. Laurent). It was also a short walk to the Montreal Jazz Festival area and nearby museums.	
Jul 27 2007 	Nice place to stay	First off, this is a review of the NEW RESIDENCE HALL on 3925 Avenue du Parc. The lobby is nice. Cafeteria is typical of a university - overpriced, average-tasting food, several places to sit, but you do get a $5 voucher towards breakfast (bring money down with you if you go over this amount because they charge tax on breakfast).The room was cute. Bathroom was decent although the wallpaper trimming around the top of the ceiling could be re-done but I've been in worse. Be sure to show your AAA or CAA upon arrival cause booking online doesn't automatically mean the discount is applied automatically. It'll save you at least like $10-$11. Of course, remember in Canada you pay 2 taxes which add up to like 15% of your bill....which is insane but if you save receipts and get the tax refund form from tourist offices or government site you can at least get that amount back if you're not from canada.	
Jul 7 2009 	Funktionale Unterkunft		
