Jul 14 2009	Hotel Villa - experience downtown Montreal	While staying here for the Montreal Jazz festival, I found this hotel, which is quite in the middle of the festival, to be very clean and our room was quiet despite many music events happening outside in the streets and being located next door to a popular event venue, The Metropolis. It was literally steps to the festival and the concert next door that I was there to attend. Winnie, the new &amp; current owner, pays attention to the needs and requests of the guests and all staff keep a keen eye out for the safety and comfort those staying in the hotel. The hotel has a security entrance which only allows for guests to be allowed entry to the hotel and there are cameras on each floor to further monitor the safety of the patrons. Our room, recently remodelled, had 2 double beds, mini fridge, tv, a/c and a bathroom you could put a queen size bed in! Very good for a couple of girls!! There are options to get rooms which share a common bathroom, and having viewed the common bathroom, would see this as a great option of lowering the cost of your stay. The housekeeping staff provide excellent care to the rooms and are very friendly. This is a perfect, affordable hotel to stay in if you wish to be in the heart of Montreal and close to a wide variety of entertaining and cultural things to do. Winnie's welcome of us each time returning to the hotel, after wandering about the streets, made it feel like we had come home. Thanks!	
Sep 1 2008 	Disapointed	I booked this hotel last minute. Being a student, I was looking for convenience and affordability. While this hotel fit both descriptions, I was horrified to realize that I felt neither safe nor comfortable in this hotel. Across the street weas the entire population of street kids and gang members. Three feet from the hotel, my boyfriend witnessed a man pull out 2 crack pipes, and I overheard a drug transaction take place. Not all rooms have a bathroom. We were expected to share a bathroom with 4 other rooms. I met our neighbour before we even had a chance to unpack. He was an overweight, old man, sitting shirtless and looking intoxicated, watching tv with his door open....Needless to say, I would need my boyfriend to stand watch at the bathroom door with a shotgun for me to consider taking a shower there. It seems more like a cheap hotel for pimps to take their business too. Luckily, if you had made your reservation within 24 hours, you could cancel and get your money back, which I did, and we stayed elsewhere. Yes, it cost me quite a bit more, but at least I wasn't fearful for my life.	
Aug 19 2008 	Only good for the location	This hotel is only good for the location. It is a prime location - especially during the jazz festival - at $97/night (shared bathroom) - I thought it was a great find. You are about a 30 second walk to the jazz festival. You can hear it at night, but it wasn't disturbing. The people are nice - they overcharged us but were quick to resolve the problem. Room was OK - if you are a picky person, then forget it. It's clean, but they don't really clean your room - sometimes our beds were made, we got some clean towels. Room is very small, but survivable. There is a sink in the room with soap but no kleenex box. The bathroom was a little gross. Sink was clogged the whole time so we had to come back to our room to wash our hands. I stayed there for 4 nights and the smell in the hallway (a mix of pee and weed) increased every day. Breakfast was basic - good croissants, toast, bananas, coffee. It was fine for my trip, but I would look a other places the next time I go to Montreal - not worth $97, even for the location.	
Jun 22 2008 	Perfect spot to visit the city	Hotel Villa is a perfect place for visiting the city. It is very convenient to get to the old Montreal, Chinatown and shopping malls. The rooms are very cheap and comfortable. Staffs are very nice and helpful. They helped me plan my visit in Montreal. I don't think I would have time and opportunity to visit so many places in so short time if they did not suggested me which places to visit most importantly. Great place to stay.	
Sep 6 2007 	Best for the Price	I stayed for couple of days in the weeked with my family. The new administration is fantastic. Very friendly and very good service. And panaromic view of downtown of Montreal. Easy to access for all services including Metro, Bus and restaurants. Very important thing is near to the old port. Walking distance. Multicultural environment and planty of festivals. Room rates are very good compare to other hotels. Family packages are fantastic.	
Sep 5 2007 	More of a hostel than a hotel	My wife booked this hotel for a family vacation. The website pictures looked good and the price was very resonable. After staying in this hotel for four days I would no recommend it.The surrounding area was clearly the red light district. I could stand in front of the hotel and see strip bars and x rated video stores in EVERY direction. The parking lot across the street appears to be a gathering spot for a local motorcycle club (emphasis on club not gang). They started gathering there in the early evening. The club then proceeded to rev engines and hang out until 1-2 in the morning.The rooms were incredibly small. Our room had two full sized beds crammed into a very small area. The room had a desk lamp, frig, TV and a extremely loud external air conditioner. However the room only had one electical outlet. So you had to choose which two devices to plug in. And forget about recharging your cell phone or digital camera.The hotel staff was very nice. However many times there was only one person onsite. Since the single employee had to man the front desk they were not able to come to your room if you needed towels or any assitance.When we booked our room online they required us to pay for the entire stay prior to checking in. After seeing the hotel I can see why. If I had it to do all over again I would pay a little more money for a better experience.	
Aug 22 2007 	An beautiful image can be an illusion	When I saw the information on internet, about this hotel I was very charm ( for 1 star ) .It was looking very great, but my experience tell me an other side of that image.I know It`s a 1 star hotel.So, I knew at the beginning, It was not a super class hotel, but... I had many problems with what they was saying.They said, the hotel has the AC and Continental Breakfeast and also parking.The AC is not able to refresh the room, even if you let it open all of the time.Also, I never saw any muffin or anything like that.To be honnest with you, for the parking, the only thing you have ( has a hotel resident ), It`s you can go away with your car and come back to the parking and you will never be towed, but after your time, you have to pay again.You are suppose to pay at 8 AM.So, forget the grace morning.You have to go out and pay, if you dont want to be towed.An other thing ( I seen reviews who they were telling that ), the security it`s a little to much.I understand they are in downtown area, but they ask too many question about my travel and what I was doiing.Your life, it`s your life, they are not suppose to ask question about that.Also, the toilet take lot`s of time to wash.	
Aug 23 2006 	Stay somewhere else!	This hotel should advertise as a &quot;by the hour&quot; establishment. In fact, at night, [-----] are positioned on corners around this hotel. It is on a street surrounded by [---] shops and you have to be buzzed into the lobby through a security gate. The room we were shown was dirty (used plastic utensils in a drawer, food crumbs on a table, furniture that hadn't be dusted in God knows how long, and the extra blanket that was provided was filthy- this was after we had to wait to check-in so that the room could be cleaned!). Walking in the room was like going into a slum apartment in NYC, and you are expected to pay upfront-- probably so you feel locked into staying there rather than fight for your money back. Private bathrooms are optional and we chose a room that had one. It looked fairly clean, but the light switch also turns on the fan which sounded like a small plane taking off. The air conditioner that was in the window was 1/2 the size of what it should have been and the open parts of the window were not covered. After telling the person at the front desk that we didn't feel comfortable staying there as it in no way was representative of the rooms that were pictured online, we were shown another room--the hotel's &quot;VIP&quot; suite. The second room was easily twice the size of the first and was somewhat better furnished (although, there was still no phone in the room) and appeared to be clean (I wasn't in there long enough to thoroughly check), but we were expected to walk through a construction site to get to it! I was told that the hotel is in the middle of remodling and that this is their best room that usually goes for over $200 CAN a night. I thought it was ridiculous to have to pass under a worker who was plastering anytime we wanted to get into our room and told the front desk guy as much. I then had to fight with the manager on the phone to get a refund of the money that I had to pay upfront for our stay. I have never been treated so disrespectfully by the manager of a hotel before. He advised me that their 48 hour cancellation policy would not allow him to refund the full price I had paid- he said he would refund all but two days. We didn't cancel! We showed up and the place was completely unacceptable and not at all what was presented on their website. After some more fighting, he refunded all but one day (which I'm currently disputing with my credit card company since we did not cancel, but left because it was disgusting). I can't imagine any age group or type of traveler that would feel comfortable staying there. The website shows a kind of &quot;barebones&quot; place, but it wasn't even as good as that! I wouldn't recommend this for anyone who would be remotely concerned with hygiene or personal safety.	
Jun 19 2005	Don't expect a lot	Overall, this hotel is okay at best. There are only two positives, very clean and new bathrooms, and a decent location to crash at night. However, the asthetic appearance and quality is the worst I've experienced. The interior hallways are from an old abandoned building, some rooms are rented out on a fulltime basis to bums, and the hotel is frequently used by prostitutes in the area. Also, there is no a/c or tv. Bathrooms are an option in the room (I strongly suggest you get the room with one, as you do not want to be sharing a hallway bathroom with the people of this area). This hotel is good for younger people who don't care as much about the looks, but be advised that management is very tight about the no visitors policy (they guard the door 24/7). We got into an argument with them because we couldn't bring back friends for the afternoon.	
May 25 2005	Price location staff~ great... Building- rooms hallways~ need work!!	I stayed with a friend at this Hotel for New Years Eve Weekend. Upon arriving, I was shocked to see that the pictures online depicted something very different in my mind. When we were brought to our room, we were a little dissappointed with the appearance. The walls are very plain, and the tv doesnt come in very well. Also, the hallways and stairways had about 5 different types of carpet... it was as if they ran out of the kind they were using half way up the stairs- a new color for every floor. It looked somewhat &quot;ghetto&quot;. Although the room wasnt what I had in mind, it was ALWAYS spotless and immaculate- the bathroom especially which is ofcourse a GOOD thing. Never-the-less, my friend and I- being college aged young women, were not there to enjoy the room and the tv. All we needed was a place to crash after hitting the clubs and drinking all night. The location was absolutely SUPERB!! It was right in the middle of all the hottest clubs, bars, and so on- so it was extremely difficult to get lost (even if intoxicated lol) Also, the staff- the owner and his wife (I believe) were extremely pleasant and helpful! The hotel was cheap- considering the nights I stayed (one of the most busy weekends)- $85 a night. I got what I payed for as far as the room goes... but as far as location and staff, I got far and beyond more then what I payed for. A great first timer (in Montreal) experience.Me and my friend will be returing to Montreal this New Year coming up- and will probably give good thought on returning to this establishment.	
Jan 27 2004	it's a great inexpensive hotel.	It was my first visit to Montreal when I stayed at the Hotel Villa de France. It was inexpensive and such a pleasant surprise. The hotel is right in the middle of everything... on rue St Catherine, close to vieux Montreal, and the Contemporary Arts Musee. I was also able to get cheap transportation to and from the airport and hotel. The best part of my experience staying at the Hotel Villa de France was that the hotel owner was very sweet and the place was extremely clean (I had an en-suite bathroom). No phone, tv or alarm clock... but who needs that when everything is great!	
Dec 14 2008 	Abzuraten		
Nov 21 2008 	Super Preis/Leistungsverhaetniss		
