Jul 21 2009 	In bad shape	After reading all the reviews I decided to book in this hotel. I thought that it would be the perfect place for a family of 5 ( two adults and three kids). I was totally wrong, we arrived and as one reviewer stated earlier the main door is locked so one thinks we are at the wrong place but the actual entrance is next door. They do have ballet parking and its $15 no choice, which is fine because most places dont have parking, especially in downtown. This hotel is located close to downtown and there is a walking distance to down town. And getting to downtown I mean walking down a street, so if you are not used to walking or if you are traveling with kids I would recommend taking your own trasportation or taking the metro which is located next to the hotel. The room was very, very, very small for our three kids to even move around. The kitchen was even smaller than the bathroom, the sofa bed was torn and the furniture was scratched and outdated, the room was clean but we were dissappointed. To make things worse the room was not cooling so we asked the front desk to change us to another room and it was still the same, hot, so we decided to sleep with the window open. Also, there is a note in the kitchen that says that you must leave the kitchen the same way as it was otherwise there is a 25.00 charge. This is just rediculous because if they expect us to leave everything clean then I demand to receive a good room not a torn couch and scratched furniture. Would I stay here again. NO	
Jul 12 2009 	Great suite for the price	My boyfriend and I went to Montreal for a holiday so we wanted to be within walking distance of everything. We were about 20mins from the Old Port and the Eaton Centre which was fine by us, plus we were close to restaurants and night life on St Denis and St Laurent.The room was great, housekeeping was great and we used the fitness centre and pool. The only snag was it's actually now the Grand Plaza, so there are a few changes that haven't been smoothed over such as:* they advertise wireless internet which is not the case in the suites, only the hotel rooms. Then all the cables had been distributed to the guests so we were without internet until our last day.* they advertise 24 hour room service which is no longer the caseOther than those 2 things we had a wonderful stay and would stay there again.	
Aug 5 2008 	Nothing impressive	My husband and I ended up at La Presidence by chance as there was a problem with a booking at another hotel we were supposed to stay at. The hotel is located right in the middle of downtown so if that is what you are looking for, this is the perfect location. There are a number of restaurants and grocery stores close by. There was nothing entirely impressive or wonderful about the hotel or the apartment we stayed in. The staff were not very helpful and when we asked about parking, it was difficult to get a straight answer about where to go. We stayed in an executive suite but were not entirely impressed with the cleanliness as the glass dining table had sticky hand prints on it and there was some cereal left on the floor from the previous inhabitants. It was nice to have a full kitchen and such a large sitting room to relax in, but as I said, it was nothing impressive and there were some flaws in what was supposed to be the second best suite that they had.	
Jul 15 2008 	Great apartment hotel in convenient location	Our party of 3 adults and 2 children (3 &amp; 5) stayed at this hotel/apartment from July 3, 2008 – July 10, 2008.The good: Our Junior Deluxe Suite was very enjoyable, and I would probably stay here again. We were there for a week to see the sights. The room had a separate bedroom with non-locking sliding doors (opaque window panes), a sofa bed, a bathroom (with two entry points) and a full kitchen. Did I mention 2 televisions? Very handy to have with such diverse members of our family.Check in was a little confusing, but ultimately quick and efficient. Although there is a sign that clearly says “La Presidence”, it shares the building with the “DoubleTree”. To check in, don’t bother going in the door under the “La Presidence” sign. Just go directly to the door under the “DoubleTree”, and check in at the front desk there. Be sure that they know that you are with “La Presidence” or they won’t be able to find your reservation.The air conditioning worked great throughout the room. We were able to borrow an internet cable with a deposit of $50. Except for one day, the internet connections were fast and reliable.The kitchen was perfect, full stove/range top, full fridge, micro, toaster, coffee maker, plates, glasses, coffee cups, silverware, cooking utensils, etc. If you are traveling with little kids, you may want to bring along plastic cups to prevent breakage. The only other things I bought on my own were paper towels (none provided), Ziploc bags to store leftovers, and our own food. The biggest supermarket we could find is on the corner of St. Hubert &amp; Ontario – about a 5-minute walk downhill. You just can’t beat the convenience of being able to whip up a quick meal for the little ones at the drop of a hat! Adults could always wait a while, but kids somehow forget to tell you they are hungry until they are STARVING. Also, if anyone has a special diet, they should pack what they need instead of hoping you can find it nearby.Housekeeping was very efficient, and the place was spotless every time. The pool downstairs was small, but perfect for our young kids to splash around in, especially after a long, hot day of sightseeing. One end was about 3 feet deep, the other end about 5.5 feet deep. We visited the pool almost daily, and the level of crowdedness varied each day. If you are a lap swimmer, you may want to visit early in the morning or late at night, otherwise, you’ll just be dodging other swimmers, kids playing, etc.The fitness center was small (just 2 treadmills, 1 elliptical, 1 bike, 2 weight benches, various hand weights and several exercise balls) but clean and sufficient for that quick workout. One wall was entirely made of windows so that you could look out on part of Sherbrooke Street. There were also anti-bacterial wipes to wipe off equipment after use, fresh towels, and a water machine. The Sherbrooke Metro was located within the same block of the hotel (along the Berri Street side of the hotel). Yes, you’ll see the big Metro sign ACROSS the street, but there’s no need to cross the street.The bad: There is a little sign in the kitchen that says you need to leave the kitchen exactly as you found it or else there would be a $25 charge. We cleaned everything, organized it all as best we could, but we left all of our leftover food in hopes that someone in the housekeeping staff would want it. Silly us! We were charged the $25.Service was not very reliable. We called housekeeping/front desk 3 times to have a rollaway delivered. It never arrived. Finally, the 3rd adult in our party decided to just sleep on the couch, as our kids were sleeping on the sofa bed mattress that we placed directly on the carpet. We ended up canceling the request. On another occasion, we could not get the water to turn on in the bath/shower. All of the other faucets worked fine, the toilet flushed, etc. So, we called the front desk and they said they would send someone right away. Again, after several calls, still no visit. Finally, we asked if we were the only ones with this problem or if it affected the whole building. It was a problem for the whole building! If they had just told us that at the start, we would have been more understanding.Conclusion: All in all, we would still highly recommend this property for a stay in Montreal.	
Mar 23 2008 	Enjoyable stay minor snags.	I spent this past weekend in Montreal and stayed at La Presidence. I was meeting with a large group of people so I splurged and got the presidential suite. My main consideration in picking this hotel was for it to be in downtown, near the metro and to have a spacious room with a seperated bedroom area. At $250 a night it was a great bargain in my opinion. You get two bedrooms a living area and a kitchen. One of the most spacious places I've stayed at thats for sure.The hotel was easy to find although it does share the building with a doubletree, so it wasnt that readily apparent that La Presidence is in the same building. They had a door that said the hotel name but it was locked and there was construction going on in there. So when I initially got there I was kind of worried about that. I eventually sorted it out though. Checking in also had its snag, they gave me a room that was under construction at first. I had to go back down and get another room. Under most circumstances I would have been annoyed but they swiftly resolved it and were very accomidating. Also they give you a warm cookie when you check in.. that was a nice touch and probably one of the reasons I didnt have a chip on my shoulder. In regards to the room, it was spacious and clean. Kitchen was well equipped and the bathroom had a hot tub that i didnt use. The bedrooms had alot of closet space and good roaming room.The beds were large and fairly comfortable, however my only gripe about them was that for a bed so large the pillows seemed inadequate. they were just too small and flimsy. I figure for a room that is labeled as a presidential suite it should give you either more pillows or a few throw pillows or something. It just felt bare.I will probably stay there again in future montreal visits. Its not too often you can stay in a 1000 sq. ft room for only $250 a night.	
Dec 2 2006 	Fantastic This is my Hotel for my 10 to 12 Visits a Year. AAA+++	AAA+++ I have been staying at deluxe hotels in Montreal for 15 years and now I wish I had tried this hotel many years ago. It is not perfect but none of the $300 to $500 a night hotels were Perfect. I will tell you all of the reasons why I rate it EXCELLENT. On arrival the staff took my Big SUV (Height does not fit in most garages) and found a space for it. Many hotels have left it to me to find parking. Check in was smooth and the free breakfast tickets were a nice surprize. Then I went to my Executive Suite and WOW was I surprized. It was beautifully laid out, spacious, and easily as nice as any suite I have been in for 2 to 3 times the costs. The Maid obliged my timing for room cleaning, room service was quick and cordial. The Bath was large and roomy with a 2 person tub :) King bed was super comfortable. TV's were large and easy to operate with plenty of cable channels. The Resturant is Magnificent and eggs are to order. Service was impecable like I am used to in the finest resturants in the city. The kitchen was large and had everything you will need to prepare meals and snacks, plus free coffee. The Price was right and they have many smaller suites if you want to save a few additional dollars.  It is located NEAR St Denis for Shopping and sightseeing and St Laurant for Clubbing and Dining.  The negatives are minor but for balance I will tell you to bring a cord for your computer as WIFI is not in suites. Cord works fine. Some of the furniture is a bit KMart-ish, good looking but could stand an upgrade. Totally acceptable for the room rate. La Presidence is a sleeper bargain and I will use it on all of my visits to Montreal from now on unless too many people read this and I cannot find a suite anymore. ENJOY.	
Nov 7 2006 	OK with a couple of unpleasant surprises	My partner &amp; I stayed for 9 nights in a one bedroom suite. The front desk staff could not have been more welcoming &amp; helpful. The location is great. The hotel is right on the Sherbrooke Metro station &amp; a short walk to the Latin Quarter. The room was a little dated &amp; the living area was very small with too much furniture in it. Now for the unpleasant surprises. There are only four washing machines &amp; for more than half the time we stayed there two were out of order &amp; a third leaked. The complementary internet access was also out of order for four of the nine days. On returning to Australia we found the hotel had taken the full amount of bill out of my credit card twice. They had reversed the second one but in the process they had overdrawn my account. This left me with an unwanted fee from the bank.	
Sep 18 2005	Reservation Confusion	We thought we were staying for 2 nights in August while bringing our daughter back to school. Decided to reserve at La Presidence after reading favorable reviews here. Went directly to La Presidence website to make reservations. The online reservations were not working so called the phone number on the La Presidence website. The internet rate was honored. However, when we arrived at La Presidence they did not have a reservation for us. We had our confirmation number with us and were told it was not theirs . . . And they were fully booked. The manager was very helpful and asked us to wait while he did some checking. It turns out the reservation was made for the Crowne Plaza, not La Presidence. Having read reviews here we were aware the two shared the building. Apparently, they also share reservations staff. We were brought over to the Crowne Plaza side and after waiting for another 15 minutes or so got checked into the Crowne Plaza. Be very cautious if reserving by phone!! We'll give it another shot but only through an on-line reservation.	
Sep 7 2005	Mixed Bag	Stayed here on family vac for one night enroute to Vt. from Mont Tremblant week of August 22nd based largely on reviews here... some of our favorite hotels were booked due to kids returning to college that week. The plus side: quiet, located near a Metro stop, a huge 1 BR suite with a comfortable bed, full kitchen, large whirpool bath, big TV and comfortable chairs. The downside: The Plaza (formerly Crowne Plaza) of which this is a part is really rundown and dingy. Elevators, common areas of larger hotel were shopworn and dirty (although signs promise a multi-million $$ renovation). The concierge at the separate La Presidence entrance was &quot;on a break&quot; so we had to check in amidst long lines at the Crowne Plaza. Parking was $19!! Breakfast was included in our rate, served in hotel dining room, but it turned out it was a coupon good for only the &quot;cold&quot; continental breakfast, not any of the good stuff like eggs or pancakes. Our 10 year old started to cry so we paid $7.95 for an overpriced &quot;upgrade&quot; for his breakfast. Kind of a rip off.All in all, a very nice room in subpar surroundings. Might be good for an extended business stay, for family vacation, I'd stick with the Residence Inn, in a better location downtown with nicer rooms and a free breakfast.	
Sep 1 2005	Great hotel; some surprises (good and not so good..)	Selected this hotel for a two-night stay at the end of August based on TripAdvisor reviews. Good internet pricing for a top-notch downtown Montreal hotel. The location is not too bad: within walking distance of downtown, and right on the Metro (subway). There are no shops or cafes in the immediate area, but lots of bars/restaurants on St. Denis (a 15-minute walk). The view was to the north, looking at the side of an adjacent highrise, and in sight of the landmark Mont Royal. Room was very clean and well-appointed. I had reserved a &quot;Senior Suite&quot; for my wife and teenage son (who got the sofabed). We were assigned Room 606 on the top floor of La Presidence's block of rooms. As you will read elsewhere, La Presidence is co-located with The Plaza and shares bar, restaurant, gym, etc. The higher floors are part of The Plaza Hotel. Gripe #1: the bathroom in 606 is accessible only via the bedroom. It's an &quot;ensuite&quot; layout. Thus teenage son needed to barge in through our bedroom in the dead of night to use the facilities. The floor plan on the web site shows the bathroom is accessed from common hallway, but such is not the case in Room 606. So if you are booking a suite with plans to have friends/family use the sofabed, be sure to ask for a room that does not have the en-suite bathroom.Gripe #2: other TripAdvisor reviews have mentioned an included continental breakfast. This has either disappeared from their offering, or was not made available to us, since we booked the &quot;lowest internet rate&quot; package. I asked about it at the front desk and was told the only breakfast was served in the restaurant. $19CDN for a very nice buffet.Gripe #3: the room did not have a spacious desk, large work area, nor could I find the promised high-speed internet connection. It had a tiny desk with poor lighting way at the end of a dark hallway, no power outlets, and an RJ-45 jack that was wired for dialtone (dial-up). The Hotel Services binder had no mention whatsoever about how to use the internet. No signs or guides in either offical language. This didn't really bother me since I was there for vacation, not to do e-mail and web surfing. I did not call the desk to enquire. It could be that the hi-speed jack was hidden away somewhere. There was no wireless internet in evidence -- I scanned for it.Gripe #4: The room was a little noisy for my tastes. There was a constant high-pitching whining sound coming from above. I suspect there is a utility room directly above Room 606 with circulating pumps or other mechanical apparatus. I am a light sleeper and have trouble accomodating to new hotel environments. At least it was a constant background sound, and not as disturbing as the heat pumps that cycle on and off constantly at some hotels. Surprise #1: as noted elsewhere, they want $19 for indoor parking. An extremely helpful and friendly bellman (David) told me to just park across the street on Sherbrooke. One can park there overnight and all day for free, except between 3:30pm and 5:30pm (rush hour). We were checking in just at 5:30 as the embargo lifted, so we scooted across the street and left the car until the next afternoon. Then moved it to a side street a block away. Side street parking is problematic at the best of times, but if you happen to be arriving at 5:30-6:00pm, chances are you can snag a spot right on Sherbrooke.Surprise #2: a very comfy, reclining leather-like rocking easy chair with matching footstool. The seating in hotels, even upscale ones, is often sub-par. A lumpy hide-a-bed sofa and perhaps an overstuffed side chair. This one was really comfortable - great for kickin' back, watching TV, reading the paper. Despite the gripes above, all-in-all I found this to be an excellent hotel. I would recommend it, though be sure to get a room without the &quot;ensuite&quot; bathroom setup if privacy is a concern. Room 606 has a strange layout, with a long wasted hallway, a huge walk-in front closet, and poor desk/work setup. I suspect it gets assigned to those who book the cheap Internet rate, or those who don't know better. So now you know!	
Aug 16 2005	Perfect place perfect vacation	First off, I have to thank all the people who have submitted their reviews on La Presidence Deluxe Apts. After choosing Montreal as our vacation destination, the biggest headache was trying to find a place to stay. One that would be just as great as it looked in the pictures, clean, had a great staff and perfect location.After going through what seemed like one million websites, I came across this hotel and decided to check tripadvisor for reviews. After reading all the reviews I went onto the hotel's website and tried to make a reservation and had some difficulties doing that, so I called their 800 # and was happy that the internet rate was honored even though my reservation was taken manually. I just had a really good feeling.Five days later we headed to Montreal, upon arrival we checked in at The Crown Plaza reservation desk as both hotels share the same building. La Presidence occupies a few floors and has it's own elevator.We occupied a 1 bed room suite which was located on the back of the 3rd floor. (We didn't mind). The suite was beautiful with a full kitchen which consisted of stove with a huge microwave on top, toaster, coffee maker, electric kettle and a refridgerator and all the necessary utensils, and I have to add that everything was clean and spotless.There was a little breakfast nook for two, and the living room had beautiful drapes, a beautifully framed mirrow hung over the couch and there was a coffee table and television set and a leather armchair with ottoman (which every man needs)The bedroom has a desk, a table and a television as well, and is separated by a set of french doors.The bathroom was beautiful, spacious and had picture light over the bathtub (especially beautiful).We liked the location because we could walk 10 mins to the beautiful restaurants or jump on the metro (which is right around the corner) to see other parts of this beautiful city.I do not know a word of french, but I thank Valerie (the beautiful receptionist) who helped us with everything, from directions and understanding the metro system to giving ideas on great restaurants.I'd also like to thank Martin (Manager) for his courtesy.Folks if you're looking for a nice hotel that won't dissapoint, try this one. We're still talking about it.My husband was in 7th-heaven (he was thrilled). That meant a lot to me because he's the one who dots all the i's and crosses all the t's (an editor).	
Aug 15 2005	Not that great	Just returned from a 7-night stay. While the Junior Suite with kitchen was well-decorated and roomy, there were a few problems. The bedroom had one oversized nightstand and one closet with four hangers for two adults to unpack into - not sufficient. The bathroom had no towel bars or hooks. The &quot;large-screen&quot; TVs are about 25&quot; at the most. Maid service consisted of a change of towels everyday and wiping out of the sink. No vacuuming or kitchen floor sweeping until after 7 days. What was strange was that the maid did clean the odd dish left in the sink, but we were provided with dish soap and sponge to do our own. Not so helpful. It would have been nice to have clean floors every couple of days.Biggest disappointments: Upon check-out we were directed to the Crown Plaza front desk for refund of our GST. I thought - Gee, what a nice service. After handing over our hotel statement I was handed a receipt to sign and then informed that the refund would take two weeks. Upon closer inspection of the &quot;receipt&quot; I saw that I had just signed an irrevocable power of attorney authorizing some private company to take 20% of my refund. I had never heard of such a rip-off anywhere else in my travels in Canada. I hope no one else falls for this. Also we were charged $19CAD/day for parking in the attached garage that charges the public $15. If you won't be using a car everyday, refuse the additional charge when you check in and pay the garage directly for a $4/day savings. Not so sure I'd give La Presidence my business again.	
Jun 22 2005	Great space for the $$$	My friends and I stayed here over Memorial Day weekend (2 nights). The location is convenient - metro stop right there and definitely away from the party atmosphere of Crescent/St Laurent. Self parking is a plus. Check in and out a little confusing - in at the Plaza desk (arrived after 6pm) but out on the La Pres side. Stayed in an Exec Suite - very roomy, fantastic kitchen with stove, fridage, real plates/utensils, etc. Nice to enjoy dinner in the dining area with friends before heading out on the town. Large bathroom - stained glass ligth over the shower was beautiful - and so nice to have good lighting IN the shower for once! Bedroom was very spacious with comfy bed (according to my friends) - however, don't plan on more than one night on the sofabed. Flat, hard pillows and a thin, uncomfortable mattress. That was the only disappointment. For the money, I would recommend to others whole heartedly (just don't count on the sofabed for sleeping space).	
Jun 15 2005	Loved it during Grand Prix weekend 2005	I think this hotel is very very nice. It is on the first 6 floors of the Crowne Plaza Montreal. You have a little side entrance that gives the feeling of a botique hotel. We stayed on the 5th floor with a view of not downtown, but of a little Cathedral and the Metro, nothing exciting, but not to bad. The rooms are very nice, with a kitchen, big refridgerator, lovely light in the shower, opening windows, a ton of English/French TV channels, nice high speed internet, a amazing breakfast buffet(pricey), and super super close to the Metro.The huge drawback is it is not that close to the Cresent street parties and clubs. If you want to be next to these and stumble drunk in to your room at wee hours of the morning, then this is not the place to stay, but if you need a nice room, that is not near any traffic and is a five minute ride to Cresent, then stay here.If anyone cares, it is about 15 minutes to get to Circuit Gilles Villenueve, which isn't bad at all, so if you are looking for a good prices GP hotel next year, then this is a nice place to stay.	
May 30 2005	Great view location room	We selected this hotel based on tripadvisor reviews and were more than satisfied. Our corner suite on the 6th floor offered 180 degree views of the city below and the mountain above. Our rooms were clean and spacious and came with a microwave, coffee maker, and refrigerator. Our bed was firm and comfortable. Plenty of towels. A helpful staff. Access to swiming pool and jacoussi. Located next to the metro, one can easily get anywhere in the city. But the action on St. Denis is less than a five minute walk away. (Tip: go up a block on St. Denis to Park St-Louis, then head through park along a restaurant pedestrian mall to St. Laurent.) It's also a five minute walk to La Fontaine Park and only ten minutes to McGill University or to Old Town.	
Feb 24 2005	My ideal type of hotel	Spent a couple of weeks here. Beautiful clean rooms. Breakfast is great. Overall good place. I highly recommend.	
Jan 14 2005 	Nice Hotel	I stayed at the La Presidence, 505 Sherbrooke east, for one month, from the middle of November until the middle of December 2004. La Presidence is located in the same building as the Crowne Plaza Hotel and shares the same faculties as the Crowne Plaza Hotel. I stayed in a junior suite, 500 square feet. It was a very nice room with a kitchen so you could make your own food. The number of TV channels was impressive, around 100 channels. The best thing was however, that it was free high speed internet connection. It was daily maid service and a free continental breakfast was included in the rate. You could pay CAD 7.50 to get access to the breakfast buffet offered by the Crowne Plaza hotel. I used the Gym and it was ok. You have a grocery store one block down on Hubert Street. It is about 2 min walk to Saint Deny and about 10 min walk to Saint Laurent. For me it took about 30 min to walk to downtown Montreal. What I mean with downtown Montreal is there the department store Bay is located at Saint Catherine and further west along Saint Catherine. The metro is very convenient located one block from the hotel and cost CAD 2.5 for a single fare. It takes about 5-10 min to downtown Montreal and 10-15 min to get to Guy Concordia metro station, close to the area around Crescent Street and all its restaurants and nightclubs. During my previous trips to Montreal I have been staying at Maritime Plaza Hotel, Clarion Hotel Suites Downtown, and Le Montfort (4 times). I should personally give Maritime Plaza Hotel two stars out of five, give Clarion Hotel Suites and Le Montfort three stars out of five. However, Le Montfort does not exist any longer so I could not have stayed at them this time. La Presidence deserves five stars out of five, but due to its “bad” location from my point of view, I will “only” give it four stars out of five. If I will go to Montreal more times I will probably stay at the Le Square Phillipes, or the Clarion Hotel Suites Downtown, or the Residence Inn by Marriott Montreal Westmount, depending on the rates I will get. I do not mind staying at La Presidence again but due to its location I would like to have a competitive rate in comparison with the Le Square Phillipes and the Residence Inn by Marriott Montreal Westmount. To summarize, La Presidence is a very nice hotel and you cannot go wrong if you decide to stay here.	
Sep 13 2004	I wouldn't stay anywhere else	Staff was helpful, rooms were terrific for the lower price than most hotels. Very centrally located, and a block away from a metro stop, and walking distance to countless restaurants. Continental breakfast at hotel is good, even though it is not served in restaurant, which is a little strange. I chalked it up to being part of the whole experience.I wouldn't think to stay anywhere else in Montreal!	
Sep 7 2004	Wonderful	The Presidential suite (two bedrooms, one with king and one with queen beds, and a huge living room with pull–out sofa bed) was presidential indeed (huge, spotless, and nicely furnished, jacuzzi, etc.) and easily accommodated 2 couples and a single person at much less cost than three hotel rooms would have been. When we were fewer guests, we moved to a junior suite (one queen bed and a separate living room with a pull-out sofa bed) which worked nicely for a couple and one other person. La Presidence is contained within the Crowne Plaza Hotel, with a separate entrance and &quot;concierge&quot; desk, but you can take full advantage of the Crowne Plaza's facilities. It seems to be intended primarily for long-term guests, but works nicely for families or groups who want a kitchen and a little extra space. It's conveniently located -- two blocks from central bus station and a half-hour walk to Old Montreal. Their reservation system was not quite up to the task (there was a bit of confusion about our reservation when we arrived, but the reservation was eventually found and then we were given the key to a room that was already occupied and those who had already been assigned to the room returned to discover that their key card no longer worked after it was reassigned to us), but all problems were apologized for and cheerfully corrected. If you get a package that includes the &quot;deluxe continental breakfast for two&quot; -- and, like us, are more than two people, be forewarned that, at $13.75 plus gratuity for each additional guest, it may not be worth it. Also, note that they have their own website, lapresidence.com, and will match any price you find elsewhere and give you an additional 10% off.	
Aug 3 2004	Really worth a visit!!	Wonderful hotel! Rooms provide excellent ammenities, full kitchen, amazing bath, and seperate bedroom and living areas! One complaint about the room though is how uncomfortable the mattress' are! Not the best for those of us with back problems! We had requested an early check-in for noon, however upon arrival found that the customer service rep we spoke to over the phone had not submitted the request for us! The staff, however, were quick to react and promptly upgraded our room so that we would be able to check-in. Staff is very helpful and polite! The location is excellent, close to the Metro and central to many downtown shopping areas! Enjoyed my time here immensly.....a must stay when in Montreal!! I will be returning on my next visit!	
Jul 6 2004	Beware - What your order may not be what you get!	The rooms are fine BUT... When we arrived they had decided that the 2 SEPARATE rooms w/queen beds that I had booked could be changed to 1 room with 2 bedrooms and 1 bath!!!! That meant that 2 couples (who had not planned on staying together) had too! Reservations were made 3 months ahead of time...directly with the hotel. I confirmed my reservations 2 days ahead of time, and STILL when we arrived they had decided to put us in one room w/2 bedrooms and of course, they had no other rooms available. -- They told us it was overbooked! Beware, you may not get what you expect.Otherwise, the rooms were fine, but this started our vacation off with a bad taste.	
Aug 23 2003	A fantastic place - a hidden gem really!	What a great suite/apartment (I don't know what to call it, to be honest)!! It's in downtown Montreal and had everything - a fully-equipped kitchen (plus dining area), DIGITAL satellite TV (over 100 channels - wicked!), FREE high-speed internet (finally - it's about time hotels made this a standard feature!!), really large bathroom, a walk-in closet, 24-hr room service, and more. The hotel was in the same building as the Crowne Plaza hotel - which I've stayed at before (also very nice - it's actually how I came across and found out about La Presidence), which means that you have access to all the facilities of the Crowne Plaza - it's pool, exercise rooms, restaurant, bar (relaxing live music, btw!), convenience store, indoor parking, and concierge services. It felt very homey - I think that was the idea behind the design. Really nice, if not hidden, gem of a hotel/apartment/suite/whatever. Surprisingly, our quoted rate was much better than we had expected (particularly after we settled in and saw the room and the facilities). I would seriously recommend this place. It was also neat to have a subway station right next to the hotel - made access to anywhere in the city real easy.	
Jan 13 2008 	Nuit de noces		
