Nov 2 2009 	Alittle Misleading..	So I recently stayed at the Hotel de la Montagne this past weekend (Oct 29-Nov1st) and was alittle dissappointed to say the least. My wife, I and 4 of our friends stayed the entire Halloween weekend (3 rooms). After looking at their website and all of the travel websites (Hotels.com, Expedia, etc) I was expecting to stay at an ULTRA modern, contemporary room--ya know, Plasma TV, modernized contemporary furnitiure and bathroom. What they gave us was a dated room that hadn't been renovated since the 80's. Don't get me wrong, the room was huge and so was the bathroom but was very outdated. I sort of felt like it was a &quot;bait and switch&quot;. After asking to be put in one of their updated rooms they told me it was an additional $40 per night, per room. I really didn't make a stink about it, but I should. They're website is very misleading and shows you pictures of only their updated rooms. They should really differentiate both rooms on their website and not MISLEAD people, so just beware before booking. We really wanted to go up to the roof area, but it was closed as I'm assuming that it was closed during this time of the year. The good thing about this hotel is that its very close to all shopping and partying as its near everything. Park across the street in the open lot, it'll save you money!	
Oct 13 2009 	Great location nice hotel but poor value	I booked it through expedia and got the 3rd night free. Breakfast was supposed to be free but once we got there, they charged us $36 for each breakfast since we didn't book it directly from the hotel's website!. They didn't tell us that upon checking in. If you didn't bring your own toothbrush &amp; toothpaste, you'd have to buy them from the minibar; same goes for shaving kit.The location is great as Rue Crescent is around the corner (many bars,restaurants,cafes), the metro and the underground mall are also a couple of blocks away. In the end, we ended up paying the equivalent for the 3rd night through breakfast and parking ($16/night).	
Oct 10 2009 	Perfect location Wonderful stay	The Hotel De la Montagne is PEFERCT if you like clean, comfortable, great staff and walking proximity to the best food and shopping in Montreal! If you are a looking for a variety of night life, you are within steps of Thursdays bar/nightclub (underground passage, so ladies can leave their coat and purse in the room), or right on the hotel main floor is a rocking bar where we enjoyed dancing to a great duo. Our room was spacious and quiet with the most comfey bed. We will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great location quiet comfortable and clean	I stayed at the de la Montagne visiting friends and i was very pleased with this hotel. The hotel is in a great location and check in/out was very quick with great service. The rooms were nice, clean, quiet and comfortable. The bathrooms were a bit small but split for shower and bath. This was the best hot shower ive ever had outside of my home and the water pressure was just right. Ahhhhhh.....overall great hotel and id stay there again!	
Sep 19 2009 	Fantastic rooms. Unique hotel.	We were lucky enough to get a room at this hotel through hotwire.com and got a great rate. We had a recently refurbished room and it was spacious and clean with great amenities. Huge bathroom. My only gripe is that there is so much going on here. A bar, a nightlclub, a restaurant and a hotel. It seems a bit confused about what it wants to be. So don't expect to feel special because you are a hotel guest. The check in and check out were ridiculously quick with barely a few words from staff. But the rooms (ask for a refurbished one) make up for all of that.	
Aug 24 2009 	Great Location Basic Hotel	Stayed for three nights at the Hotel De La Montagne. Location is in heart of downtown. Nice roof top bar/pool. Large room, but the carpet needed a good cleaning - weird set up for the bathroom; Tub and toilet in one room and the shower and sink in the other. The bed was very firm. Staff was very friendly and helpful. We got a great price on the internet and would recommend staying here if you get a good rate.	
Aug 23 2009 	Stunning large room great location	The unique lobby decor and accommodating staff set the tone for a great stay at this hotel. The room was spacious and very clean with a huge comfortable bed. Loads of restaurants and shopping close by.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great Hotel	The location of hotel is great for visitors . It is close to Metro, restaurants, shopping and Tourist Information center. The rooms were large and nicely furnished. The beds were very comfortable and covered with nice quality linens. The bathroom was large with two sinks ; separate shower and tub. The staff is the best part of hotel. They are helpful and friendly and seem to care whether their guests are happy or not.In the summer there is a lot of outside traffic in the lobby and elevators going to the outdoor pool on the top floor. Some look at this as a plus and some might find the extra traffice annoying. The staff always brought hotel guests to front of elevator line and tried to minimize any annoyance to hotel guests.I would definitely stay at Hotel de la Montagne again.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great location and interesting space	Beautiful and interesting decor, fabulous beds, knock out large washroom. Patio is on 20th and 21st floors - amazing views of Montreal at night. Used by not only guests but known as a spot in the city. Weekday staff superior to weekend at front desk, all generally pleasant, warm and gracious people. Situated near high end shops like Ogilvy's and a very short walk to some of the best shopping in Montreal. Close to two Bixi stands at top of street - there is a long protected bike route along De Maisonneuve. There is a wonderful breakfast buffet and I notice it is offered in the sweet deal rate, it might be worth it for atmosphere alone, but selection and freshness of food coupled with price make it a must. (have chocolate croissant!)Pool is small on roof - open to guests solely from 9:30 - 11:30 am, afterwards patio is open to public. Quite close to Central YMCA (no gym in hotel). great magazines, guides, maps provided by hotel in room and with bellboy. Do not take the hotel for the individual room patios - they are not that nice, but it is also something that should not stop you from this wonderful experience. Although no business centre, front desk staff were happy to give access to internet. (I was in the Contemporary two Queen room as shown on website)	
Jul 25 2009 	Met Expectations	Hotel de la Montagne is in a great location, near excellent bars, restaurants, shopping, etc. The reception staff were friendly and helpful, arranged a couple of nice rooms for us. One of our rooms was renovated, the other was a bit dated; both at least 48sqm, great! Valet parking worked well and the Concierge staff were pretty helpful. It's too bad that the tenants of the adjacent buildings complained about the music from Le Magnetique Terrace, forcing the hotel to cancel the live music/DJ.	
Jul 22 2009 	OVERALL A NICE HOTEL	Lets start with the positives of this hotel. If location is your main goal this hotel is the way to go. It is on the opposite side of Cresent St, which is the hub bub of partying. Close to shopping, shopping and more shopping. Metro is very close. 3 blocks I believe, and no matter which metro stop you get on, its easy to transfer to others. Hotel staff was amazingly nice. Held doors each and every time we entered or exited the hotel. When we pulled up to the hotel doorman took our luggage, escorted us into lobby and another bellmen took us to our room carrying our luggage. Fast check-in. Explained how to get to wherever we wanted to go each and every time. Gave maps and marked areas of interest. Thursdays night club is attached to the hotel, right downstairs. Lounge area has a piano player and singer every nite. She sang till 12:30 -1 am the one night. Pretty good too. You can even order food from Thrusdays-small bar menu and get drinks. The drinks were the strongest and best. Rooms are quite large, very good shower pressure, large bathrooms, comfy beds.Now the negatives, Pool area is on the roof which when the weather is bad, it is not opened, and of course two of our days it was closed, though I don't think we would have used it anyway. The pool allows anyone to use it, it is not exclusive to guest only. There is a bar up there too, so not good for a quiet romantic swim, or for a family with kids. The view is nice though. Do not eat breakfast at the hotel. Go to eggspectations. Take a left out of the hotel, go up the street and there it is on the corner. Great service, good food and priced well. We also ate lunch there and husband said his garlic shrimp was the best shrimp he had ever eaten! Housekeeping never replaced the sugar my husband used on the first day and was afraid to ask for more as when I called for a bucket of ice, they said they would gladly send one up---for 3 dollars!! Yikes! When I booked the room I did ask for a 12th floor, new room overlooking Cresent st and what I got was an older room, 5th floor overlooking a very loud condenser on a roof. Horrible view. That condenser was so loud had to have the a/c on to drown out the loud noise.Balcony was small, would've been doable is there was a chair or two out there. Door for the balcony is in a very akward spot. Curtains don't really cover the window right and light comes peaking in in the early morning hours. Parking is 20 cdn, but paying for parking is the norm up there. Overall, I would use the hotel again. The staff is what made the hotel. Don't forget to try steamies ( a steamed hot dog, a steamed bun, loaded with mustard, relish, onions, cabbage and a load of fries- all for 5 dollars! the place we got our was on the corner by club soda, Dunns, eggspectations. Walk the clock tower to the top 192 steps, see a just for laughs comedy show, vist old montreal, old notre- dame, and if you go in the winter time their water parks become snow parks. So much fun. Wish they did that in the states.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great location; poor service	Good points?- great location for shopping, tourist sites, music venues- clean well-kept rooms, with comfy bed and good showerCould do better?- not speaking French, we were treated with contempt by several members of staff - who muttered to each other in French while looking at us. - doorman refused to hold the front door open whilst we dragged our suitcases into the hotel on arrival. He went off to help someone get a taxi instead,- the roof 'Magnetic Terasse' with pool is useless for guests, as the roof is always full of young posers squashed up there, getting sun-tans, and a date. Even if there was room for a hotel guest to go up there, you'd feel way too intimidated to actually use the tiny pool.- ..and getting to your room is a problem, as the elevators are in constant use by non-guests going to the roof. Having to join a long queue behind non-guests just to use an elevator to get to your room is very very poor.- Breakfast. Our rate included breakfast (and we had a little voucher in the keycard wallet confirming this too.) However, the breakfast selection is fairly poor. And despite it being a buffet, the hotel charged an unauthorised, unnnotified, compulsory &quot;Gratuitie&quot; of C$4.80 + tax. They tried to charge us C$32.00 + tax for the breakfast too... but after a lot of arguing at the check-out desk (whilst they mumbled to each other in French) they reluctantly agreed to remove the charge. And this was when our rate included breakfast! But they remained adamant about the unauthorised illegal grauity addition. Okay, so it's only $5, but they add it regardless of whether you left a tip at breakfast.. and why would you leave a tip at a buffet breakfast anyway, where no-one actually spoke to us, served us, or in any way communicated with us!?! So be wary of the extra illegal charges that they will refuse to remove. Be wary of being treated poorly if you don't speak French. Anticipate long queues to get the elevator to your room. Don't plan on using the pool. But the bed is comfy.	
Jul 17 2009 	It was a nice place to stay	The only thing that I have to say in negative aspect is that they don't have a business center.	
Jul 8 2009 	Good place to stay if you get a good discount	I got a good deal on my stay here, knocking about 50% of the listed pricing. I stayed in the &quot;contemporary&quot; style room and it was nicely updated with simple, tasteful decor. On the plus side: The bed was very comfortable and the room was a nice size and had good amenities like a big closet, mini-bar fridge (I just used it for the fridge), bathroom product assortment, hairdryer, flat-screen TV, room-controlled thermostat, and ample storage for clothing. The staff was very friendly and helpful, though one guy steered me off to a restaurant that was horribly overpriced for mediocre food (skip the Alexandre on rue Peel). Finally, the location is great. Walking distance from two metro stops (Peel is closest and Lucien-Allier is also nearby), great walking on rue St. Catherine, and lots of restaurants and shops within blocks. Oh, and free wireless in your room! Bonus!On the negative: One of the reasons I chose this place was for the balcony. Ha! Hardly. Concrete, sunless monstrosity that looked more like a place to dump a body than to sit and enjoy the city. I barely set foot out there. DO NOT choose this place for the balcony. Along the same lines, the &quot;rooftop deck and pool&quot; is certainly just that, but it ain't anything pretty. These two areas of the hotel make it pretty clear that the place was built in the 70s as a concrete monstrosity and recent renovations have made the rooms quite nice. There is a pool (about a 14'x20' one) and there is a sundeck around it with about 20 loungers and a bunch of crowded four-tops. Overall, the roof felt crowded and sleazy. There were some pretty unsavory guys up there that made me wonder if they're friends of the workers or what.The bottom line: I'd stay here again because the room is comfortable, clean, and nicely appointed, the location is very convenient, and the staff is friendly and helpful.	
May 18 2009 	Awesome Hotel at an Awesome Location	We stayed 3 nights at this hotel May 7th - 10th and really enjoyed it there . The location is just perfect downtown close to lots of shopping and restaurants. The subway system is a short 3 block walk . There is an excellent restaurant on the corner 1/2 block away calledEggspectations checkitout for breakfast or other meals a wide menus and great food at great prices. Be sure to checkout the POINT ZERO Factory outlet 1/2 a block from Eggspectations, this store has great prices (ask about up to 30% discounts) lots of selection. Ste Catherine street is only 1 block away , peels sports bar 3 blocks away .There is a Disco club (called Thrusdays) attached to the hotel that really gets hopping .We only speak english but found all the Montrealer's we met very helpful and they all spoke english to us when they realised we didn't speak french. We will be back to Montreal very soon .GordieHowl	
May 3 2009 	Magnifique!!!	Yes our stay at the Hotel de la Montagne was magnificent!! After reading some mixed reviews and not to mention the only French i know is &quot;french&quot; fries I started having cold feet a few days before our trip and I started looking at other alternative hotels. I finally just gave up and good thing I did not cancel my booking. Firstly getting to the hotel was pretty easy. We drove from Toronto and this was our first time driving to Montreal we found getting to the hotel was pretty easy!!! The minute that we pulled up to the curb the porter was already taking care of our bags the car was parked in no time and we checked-in in minutes. The hotel room itself was fabulous. We booked a non smoking room with 2 queen size beds and it was ample room for 4 adults. The bathroom was huge and the only thing that I can complain about at this point is the small bathtub coz me and my boyfriend were kinda hoping to take long baths together but the comfy beds more than made up for any complaints we had...to quote my boyfriend he say he felt like he was floating in the air!! LOL. We had a fantastic view of the city from our balcony (14th floor) and everything was within walking distance. St Catherine st next block for shopping and Crescent St for all the clubs, St Laurent st was less than 10 minutes cab drive!! Ok I'll stop gushing!! All I can say for anyone contemplating staying at the De la Montagne is go for it you will be wowed!!BapsLolo	
Apr 26 2009 	Look no further.	My husband and I spent three nights at Hotel de la Montagne and we both anticipate a return in the summer. We were greeted by several of the hotel staff and all had smiles and genuine courtesy. Our room was spacious, clean, comfortable, quiet and well stocked with items such as shoe buffer, robes, slippers and a well stocked snack and bar. The location is excellent and we are very pleased that we have found this gem.	
Mar 26 2009 	Paris in North America	I have stayed at here many times for business and enjoy the feel of the hotel. The staff has always been friendly and courteous. The rooms are clean and very large and the location could not be better for nightlife. In fact I always stay here when I visit Montreal.	
Mar 22 2009 	Overwhelmed	WOW!They went above and beyond what most other downtown hotels offer you. I got a very good deal and booked the deluxe 2 queen w/ balcony rooms. They gave me the 19th floor which seems to be the top floor due to the pool being closed until the end of may. The rooms were huge!! They bed was one of the best ive ever slept in. The room was spotless and housekeeping did a very good job. The 6PM turn down service was a nice touch. The check in/checkout was smooth and the concierge was very helpful. The Thursday's bar was overhyped the crowd was alot older than expected but still there is much fun to be had right within 4 blocks of the hotel. The bartenders there were great. Bathrooms were huge also and had a shower and bathtub. For a fully booked hotel i didnt see many people in it. The lobby is very nice and welcoming. Parking is 16CAD plus 3 dollars tax which is very reasonable compared to hotels on the same street charging close to double. Please be aware that they WILL squeeze your luxury car into a overly tight space. The hotel manager is very very helpful. Its the perfect bachelor party hotel with wanda's being right on the corner.	
Mar 11 2009 	Room was great. Location awesome. Dug the cheap drinks at Thursdays.	The lobby is a little hilarious with the ornate decor and big elephant but the contemporary king room was great - exactly like it looks in the picture - and the bathroom was clean and contemporary too. quick check in. nice doorman. and the happy hour until 8pm at Thursdays featured 2-for-1 drinks. the location is great ~ right in the heart of downtown. If you're looking for a good breakfast, head north a block to eggspectations.	
Feb 16 2009 	Hotel de La Montagne was a Good Experience!	Let me start off by saying that I have very high expectations when I travel (which is not always a good thing) and Hotel de la Montagne met all my expectations. I booked it through Hotels.com and got an exceptionally good price for the Valentine's day weekend. The lobby and reception area is fantastic; very chic and clean. The reception and staff are extremely helpful and friendly (don't know why people here said they are not...). The rooms are very spacious but they don't look anything like the rooms on the hotel's website so don't be fooled into thinking that that's what you'll be getting. We had a balcony but the view was awful. We were in a non-smoking room, but the corridor often smelled like smoke. Otherwise the hotel is extremely well maintained and there were a lot of little extras in the room to make the stay more comfortable. Washroom is very spacious (stand up shower and bath). We also had free internet access. Another plus, of course, is the location - you are right in the middle of downtown and close to shopping centres.In short, it was a very pleasant experience and I would definitely recommend this hotel to friends and family!	
Jan 8 2009 	Will definitely be returning.....	We stayed for 5 nights and just loved the Crystal De La Montagne. The reception staff and door men were polite and courteous. Reception area fantastic. Lots of roadworks around the traps at the time but I am sure that would be well completed by now. One block away from St Catherine for shopping etc. The hotel consists of both residential and hotel apartments. The rooms are clean and comfortable. Huge bathrooms with a small bedroom! Beds are comfortable which was great. Linen was fantastic. Pool was fantastic. The gym was well stocked with the latest equipment. Our highlight would probably be the rooftop jacuzzi which felt pretty amazing once the outside temperature plummeted at night. Our only gripe was that it closed at 8pm. I'm sure that has more to do with the residential apartments and noise restrictions. Will definitely be returning. Pricey but well worth it.	
Dec 9 2008 	Love the Hotel de la Montagne Sept 2008	My fiancee and I were there in MTL for the 1st time. Check in was easy with friendly staff. The language barrier wasn't a problem since I kind of know French. Our room was huge with a big bathroom too...I love it. The view was nice too. The location was perfect within half a block of Rue St Catherines and Cresent Street. Plus 3 blocks away from the Bell Centre...home of the Montreal Canadiens. When checking out, our staff was helpful in getting our bags and a taxi. Overall whenever I go back to MTL, this hotel will be my 1st option.	
Dec 5 2008 	Worst Ever Stay away!	Should have known when I booked...I called to confirm my reservation and the desk clerk said &quot;call back later, I'm busy&quot;, went from bad to worse. Complained to manager, she apologized, assured me they would 'look after' things and knew when we would be arriving. We arrived and were treated rudely. We had booked a package that included an 'elegant Sunday brunch ' (which we had had before at this hotel a few years ago), we had dressed nicely and were escorted to the bar&quot;Thursdays&quot; which was loud, we informed that we were to be at the Sunday Brunch only to be told that they didn't have it anymore and to just order off the menu. The attitude and the service was awful. Turned out, they just didn't bother to take us to the room brunch was now being served in! We have been every other year for the last 10 years for a get-a-way, we would never go back again. When I responded to a questionare and wrote an email of complaint to the hotel, she was just as rude. Instead of emailing me a response, she copied my letter and inserted 'sorry about that! I then sent a letter to her supervisor, no response! Over $500.00 for this awful 'romantic getaway'	
Oct 21 2008	Great hotel!	The hotel is an excellent value. My room was huge, had a very comfortable king size bed. I usually have trouble sleeping in a hotel bed, but not here. Slept like a baby. Having a balcony was also nice to have just to be able to go out and smoke if needed. Thursdays bar/nighclub is a fun place to go to meet some people, have a drink or two and dance if you feel like it. The service was great too. Whenever I had questions, the staff at the front desk answered to the best of their ability and if they didn't know, they would find out and let me know asap. The location of the hotel is also great. Right off Rue St. Catharine which is a great street to shop, eat, and party. It is also close to a few museums. The city is great, and this hotel made my stay comfortable and enjoyable.	
Oct 17 2008 	Very Impressed	The 2 things I like the most about this hotel are the rooms and the service. The Room The hotel used to be an apartment building that was converted into a hotel. The result is that the rooms are much larger than you typically find in a hotel. Simply put, it is the largest hotel room I have ever stayed in. This is nice when you are visiting for several days and don't want to get that claustrophobic feeling. There is a real sense of space with room to move around. It has a bathroom with a bathtub and a separate room with a vanity and a shower. There is a balcony, which allows you to let in fresh air, hotels with sealed windows being a pet peeve of mine. The decor is very nice with top quality furniture. Nothing was dated or worn. ServiceThe service is beyond what you would normally expect from a mid priced hotel. There is a doorman who is there to take your luggage when you arrive, not just to the front desk, but to your room after you check in. The gentleman who took mine was very friendly, telling me about the area and the hotel amenities on the way to my room. Whenever you enter or leave the hotel there is someone there opening the door for you. The rooms provide thick terry cloth bath robes, and every night at about six a lady goes to each room giving out chocolates, along with a card showing the weather forecast for the next day. Probably the best service I have ever gotten at a hotel. Location There is no better location from which to spend a few days in downtown Montreal. If you are there for the nightlife, the hotel is one street over from the section of Crescent Street where all the nightclubs are located. Close enough to walk in a couple minutes, but far enough so that you don't have to deal with the noise when you're in your room. It is half a block from St Catherine Street and about a 5 minute walk to the subway. The Belle Centre, Place Ville Marie and the Eaton Centre are all within about a 10 minute walk. Final thoughts It is the combined effect of all the little things that make this such a nice hotel to stay at. As a frequent traveller I have stayed at many hotels over the years. As a traveller of moderate means they are usually in the mid priced category. I have never stayed at a hotel where they do so much to make you feel pampered and appreciated. Most mid priced hotels feel like mid priced hotels. At Hotel de la Montagne I felt like I was enjoying the benefits of a luxury hotel without the price. For all the travel I have done over the years, this is the first hotel I've stayed where I was so impressed I felt compelled to take the time to write a review.	
Oct 13 2008 	Decent hotel great location	The hotel has an old world feel about it. Our room was huge and the washroom was also massive with double sinks, shower and separate tub. It also had all the amenties. Our room wasn't as fancy as the ones displayed online however it was very nice. They offer 1/2 price Happy Hour where you get 2 drinks for the price of 1.	
Sep 9 2008 	#1 hotel for Grand Prix Week	Went to the Montreal Grand Prix and decided to stay at this hotel for the week of the Grand Prix. Was a bit worried given some of the mixed reviews and that the hotel is mainly recommended for singles. However we (my husband and me late 30's) had a fantastic time. Crescent Street is the centre of the party from Thurs on and you are right in the middle of it. The hotel has popular bars and night clubs that have huge queues on Thurs - Sat, however as a resident you were given immediate access and the staff (including bouncers/doormen) could not have been nicer. It took 45mins from our hotel room to get to the Grand Prix circuit which was fantastic the metro is right beside the hotel. Loved everything about it and if you are going to the GP and want to be in the middle of everything her is the place to stay. Don't expect any early nights!!	
Sep 5 2008 	Nice hotel but service is really bad	Stayed in the hotel for a few days, rooms are great, big, clean , comfy . But service is terrible, the doorman never even once opened the door for me, no help for the luggage, think the fact that i was young , 24. they tought i was going to get any tip. well they didnt as they didnt try. Pool is closed most of the time.so Good room but poor service	
Aug 26 2008 	Total Scumbags - Stay Away!	These scumbags ripped me off blind just for parking there. I walked into the De La Montagne parking garage to ask how much it would be to store two motorcycles. The attendant said it was $15 per day. I asked if I could put two bikes in one spot which they said was fine. I left the bikes in a little nook not big enough for a car right next to the attendants. Two days later when I tried to retrieve my bikes the attendant said it would be $60. I told him the quoted price was $15/day. He mumbled something about the time in or time out. Frustrated I decided to give in and looked in my wallet for $60 cash. After finding that I didn't have the cash this guy walked me up to the cashier's office where he said something to the counter guy in French. The counter guy then proceeded to charge me $130! Yes, the price had doubled yet again. I screamed for a bit at the parking lot attendant and eventually turned over my credit card. This was a big mistake. I should have called the cops. Having a long day ahead of me on motorcycle and trying to beat the rain cost me to settle up with this terrible hotel quickly and move along. Now that I am home I see that their website does in fact say that their parking rates are $15/day with no conditions attached. I have no idea where this ridiculous figure came from and now I have no recourse except to tell my story. Please don't stay with these rip-off artists.	
Aug 19 2008 	Nice hotel great location	Located in the northwest corner of Centre-ville (Downtown Montreal), the hotel has a great situation - it's just a few blocks walk to the Metro, the Musee des Beaux-Arts, and tons of shopping opportunities. There's a lot of activity within the hotel &amp; environs, too... when I checked in after midnight on a Thursday, I could barely hear what Reception was saying over the din in the Cabaret bar, and there was a long line of people headed to the Terrace Magnetique bar on the roof. I was pleased upon arrival at my room that I couldn't hear any of it from there (actually, the simple sounds of a city were more intrusive than the party atmosphere above and below). The halls were a little the worse for wear but the room itself was a good size and very clean and comfortable. Housekeeping did a great job and my interactions with reception were all positive. I couldn't get a feel for the doorman's hours (almost never seemed to be there). Had room service (chocolate mousse was very nice). The restaurant (serving breakfast buffet or ala carte, and lunch) was fine, prices reasonable, the staff very attentive. My advise for those interested in all the hubbub about the Terrace Magnetique would be to go up and have a drink with friends if you want - it's clearly a happening place to be for that purpose - but Please Do Not Eat There Under Any Circumstances. I popped up for a quick lunch one day just to get the atmosphere (and the view) and the caesar-salad-with-shrimp was simply horrid (both to see and taste). I still shudder at the memory. So don't eat there - there are plenty of nice places in walking distance (including Cellini's across the street) - but for a really pleasant lodging experience, The Hotel de la Montagne is a good bet.	
Aug 14 2008 	Good Location -but you can find a better hotel	Stayed for 4 nights in July to celebrate our anniversary. Booked a contemporary king with balcony....just like the picture (supposedly) on hotels.com. What we got was a run of the mill room. Actually had a king sized bed with a &quot;queen&quot; sized headboard....and definitely not contemporary or updated as the pictures show.. The bathroom was good sized with a separate shower....the shower had a very inexpensive plastic showerhead and was fairly small. (also had a tub faucet about 8&quot; off the floor of shower...for whatever reason.The hotel needs to be updated....shows it's age from the 70's. The lobby is dated as well with velvet sofas heavy woods. The lounge on the 20th floor does a lot of business creating a long wait for the elevators on friday and saturday nights. The pool was supposedly on the same floor...went up twice but never found it....no one around to ask. Had cable TV but most were in french and picture quality wasn't very good. Had a trouser press and shoe shine machine in room which was nice. Ice had to be &quot;bought&quot; from the concierge at $2 a bucket plus a tip of course, not available to get yourself. Parking a little high at $15 a day...overall not bad....but not a 3 1/2 star hotel. By the way, tried to write a review at hotels.com.....they didn't put it online or respond...apparently they have a different agenda than tripadvisor.	
Jul 20 2008 	Fun hotel - excellent for a weekend getaway	We stayed at the Montagne for the first time in November. Staff was professional, friendly, and helpful. Rooms were large, with HUGE bathrooms. Location is great if you are looking for a night on the town, but I wouldn't necessarily recommend it for a quiet, romantic getaway unless you get an upper floor. I have heard that in the summer it can get pretty noisy.Thursday's is a very good place if you're either single, or married, uninhibited, and you like to make an intimate friend for an interesting evening! But packed and frenetic.Rooms were spotlessly clean. We didn't call on room service at all, so I can't comment on that aspect.	
Jun 26 2008 	First Montreal Stay	Arrived in Montreal for the first time and stayed at this hotel for two nights. Doorman was awaiting on arrival and was very helpful and friendly. Walked into the hotel and immediately had a smell .......not sure what it was maybe a little musty or something but was not very attractive. Older looking hotel in the inside. Was checked in fairly quickly. Stayed on the 12th floor. The room was very large in comparison to any other hotel.....Had a very comfortable King Size bed with a large bathroom also with seperate tub and walk in shower. Nothing wrong with the room but you definately have to like the style of the hotel. At night they arrived with some chocolates and bottled water. Two for one nights in the bar during happy hour ........very good deal indeed !! Never ate the hotel as behind it on the street over it is packed with outdoor patios and restaurants........packed. Nothing overly wrong with the hotel but don't think I would choose it again.	
Jun 8 2008 	Perfect Anniversary Getaway	My husband and I stayed for 6 nights including the evening of our anniversary in March. We arrived a day after the biggest snowstorm of the spring which made trekking around Montreal a challenge.The hotel was beautiful and lives up to its impression as older and unique &quot;boutique&quot; accommodations. The location is perfect for a tourist – nestled between Rue Crescent and Rue St. Catharine – the best place to be for shopping and dining.Our greeting was perfect; the door attendant welcomed us to Montreal and assisted us with parking and our bags. Parking at just $15 / day was a welcome surprise. A much lower rate than most big-city-downtown hotels we had stayed in. We got a great rate of just $99 / night on expedia for a room with king bed and balcony. The room was clean and lovely, cool marble bathroom tiles, a tub and shower, stocked mini bar and plenty of space to work (laptops come with on the trip). Access to wireless internet required a password from the front desk but was complimentary thru our stay.The hotel was under some construction during our stay including renos on our floor. The hours of tool usage etc. was more than reasonable and even the contractors were friendly and courteous, allowing us to cross their path. We even had a peek at some incomplete hotel rooms which was fun.The bar and lounge were welcome retreats. There were nightly piano and singing performances – a perfect end to a long cold day of sight seeing. The fountain of complimentary Clementines was also a treat.Just one minor beef; we were asked kindly but often by the hotel staff (front desk, servers, door attendant, even a housekeeper) what brought us to Montreal. We answered each time that it was our first trip to the city and that we were there to celebrate our 6th Wedding Anniversary. After many congratulations and acknowledgements, I was surprised that the hotel made no additional gesture of our very special occasion. Having spent the better part of the last 2 decades as a hotel employee, I know it is both minor and nearly mandatory to send a bottle of wine, fruit plate or even just a quick greeting card to any guests celebrating a romantic occasion. It is that little something extra that makes you feel like everyone is listening and really appreciates your choice to stay.Regardless – I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip to Montreal.	
Apr 21 2008 	Like a dream we didn't want to leave!	WOW is all I can say about this hotel.The lobby is just as beautiful as the pictures suggest - gorgeous!When we got to our room, I squealed with delight - it was amazing! I don't know how we got it for the price. The room was large and gorgeous. The furnishings were very tasteful! The bed was super comfortable and the bedding was of a high quality. It was a pleasure to sleep in. Large TV, nice mini bar, as well as a shirt press and shoe shine machine!The bathroom was lovely too - separate shower and bath, two vanities, bathrobes, slippers. We were in heaven.It was cold and snowy in Montreal when we were staying there, and I have to say we were quite happy just staying in our hotel with just a few trips outside to visit old montreal, and go shopping and to a hockey game.Every afternoon we went down to Thursdays bar for happy hour - two for one cocktails!! It was so fabulous and everyone was so friendly.We stayed for 5 nights and didn't want to leave. :-( I would go back to Montreal again just to stay at this hotel!!	
Feb 3 2008 	Renos - even the older decor is good!	The hotel is currently undergoing renovations. No surprise that the reviews are varied at this time. The building exterior is simple concrete but the hotel entrance and lobby are like stepping into a European boutique hotel where both French &amp; English are spoken. Some rooms have been updated to the modern, sleek look and others are still of the older décor. All are very clean, large with comfortable beds and high end linens including fluffy duvets. Bathrooms are massive with 2 sinks, decent toiletries and separate bath &amp; shower. Location is ideal, valet service is efficient and very friendly. Front desk is professional.Dinner at the hotel restaurant – reasonably priced, many choices.Room service 2X - delivered fast, hot, very tasty on tray with cloth napkins, water and a flower in vase.This hotel has been a long time establishment in a choice location and they provide the special small touches that make a difference.-Terry bath robes, wine glasses &amp; cork screw, free wireless net, an in-room powered shoe polisher, etc.We would love to return after the renos and during warmer weather to experience the rooftop pool &amp; patio. The weather during our stay was typical winter storm onset - oh well, that made the room service that much more appreciated and the Underground City shopping perfect.	
Jan 2 2008	No reward for loyalty	I am dismayed that I have to write this review about what I previously would have regarded as a top notch hotel. For the last 10 years, my girlfriend and I, along with my colleague and his wife (ages 30+), have stayed at the Hotel de la Montagne in Montreal, Canada for New Year's Eve (4 nights). The fact that we have gone for the last 10 years speaks to our recognition of the Montagne as a hotel that has a great location, convenient bar (Thursdays) and large rooms. Although the hotel advertises that it is undertaking renovations, the wear and tear of past years is noticable. The 2 rooms that we had did not evidence any renovations except for the bed, which was comfortable. My complaint is lodged in the fact that I have been a loyal guest for 10 years and have not been rewarded in the least, and recently, it seems the opposite has occured. The attitudes of the employees were the worst of any prior year. When we asked the concierge for a restaurant recommendation, he gave us 2 names and walked away, with no care as to whether they were suitable for what we were looking for. We visited both and were very glad that we did not take the women, who had on evening gowns, to these pseudo-pubs. Sometimes the simple things make the differences. I asked, on 2 separate occassions, the front desk for matches, as the outside patio area offers large heaters for those still desparate enough to smoke. They not only denied me such a simple accomodation, but actually told me, on 2 occasions, how the hotel was non-smoking and that I was not allowed to smoke in it. Generally, I would not take offense to such a comment, but given the fact that a patio is available, was not very pleased with the unnecessary note, especially in light of the fact that the store in the hotel sold ciagarettes, cigars and lighters. The hotel store was closed so I asked where the closest location to get matches was and they tried to tell me it was 3 blocks away. I walked across the street to the Loews Hotel, where 2 doorman greated me with smiles and the hotel front desk provided me with 3 books of matches. My last complaint about the Montagne is the service. My 3 room service visits took over 45 minutes each, the bellman was nonexistent and even when we did see him, he told us that he couldn't help because he was short-staffed. After our dinner on New Year's Eve, we tried to enter the hotel through the bar, and were told to walk around to the front of the hotel (dressed in suits and evening gowns during a snow storm). After paying close to $200/night, I think I will consider the Ritz and Lowes for my next visit in 2008/2009.	
Dec 13 2007 	couldnt be better	you cant find a better place! the location is great. we had 3 rooms. the one side of the hotel looks down at st catherines and the other side looks at rue cresent. from the one side you can see the bell centre. the skyline out your balcony is amazing as you can see in my pic. the rooms are great! very nice and clean. very large. the bathrooms are large. rooms come with a safe for no charge.a very good size balcony but it has no chairs out there. the room has a stocked bar fridge and a table and chairs. all in all , very nice rooms. the lobby was very beautiful. once u walk in the front door which has a very polite doorman you really see the beauty of this hotel. the check in was okay, the checkout wasnt so great. they charged us 20 dollars for a cot every night and i didnt realize this till i got home. you will see a little lounge on the main floor. that however is not thursdays. we thought it was for the first couple days. we heard so much about thursdays and we were dissapointed... till we found it. walk through the loung on the main floor , down a set of stairs then up a set of stairs. wow this place was hopping.they have a huge lounge then a disco down below. this bar is packed with late 20s and 30 s people. you want to pick up this is your place. the lounge was rocking but the dico down stairs was really eye opening. im in my late 20 s, had a great time .. but i have never seen a place so crazy with people in there 30s, 40s, and 50s. good time but 30 plus crowd for sure... the pool wasnt open when we were there as we were there in oct, but i i read the pool is a happening place. all in all trhis hotel gets a big thumbs up. as for other quick tips about montreal since we were there too party and party only..... club 1234 is awesome. pay the extra money get a table and a bottle upstairs in the vip lounge.. weather permitting they have a nice outside terrace in the vip area. club laboom was hmmmmmm alright at best.... was actually a little dissapointed.. very young crowd 18 - 21. get a table in the white room if anything.. as for strip clubs chez perez was the best by far.once again if your rolling, get a table and a bottle of goose.it actually is almost cheaper then going up and getting your drinks.i think we were paying about 230 for a bottle of grey goose with red bull and the vip booth.. not a bad price at all.... and the woman there. aycarumba... very unique crowd there aswell..... you see young, old married, groups of woman... but everyone that goes to montreal checks out a strip club or 20, and this is by far the most popular one. as for shopping lots of great shopping. ask around for the entrance to the underground. its a whole shopping mall basically under the city.. under st catherines i think. ps.. if you like alaskan king crab, you have to have it thursdays. 40 bucks, but u will be blue in the face by the time you are done eating it.. sooo much crab	
Oct 27 2007 	Loved this hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights at the beginning of October. It really does look like it does in the photos. The outside looks slightly rundown, it's a tall grey building, but it's completely different once you walk in. The lobby is huge and pretty, with a giant chandelier.Check in was easy, and the staff were really helpful, giving us maps and leaflets and advice when we told them it was our first time in Montreal.Our room was quite big and had a huge bathroom. The furniture was all in very good condition, and the bed was very comfortable. The only bad thing was the balcony, it was concrete and shared with the people next door and there were no tables or chairs. The views were good though.We ate breakfast at the restaurant a few times, it was $15 (I think) but you could have as much as you wanted, there was lots of fruit, croissants, and hot food such as eggs and bacon.I would definately stay here again if I'm in Montreal, I didn't want to leave!	
Oct 22 2007 	A Very Good Experience	We have stayed in this hotel a few times over the years, most recently in October 2007. Our most recent stay once again met and exceeded expectations. Check in and parking was smooth and the room with king bed was very spacious. We had breakfast included in our weekend package which was very convenient and economical. You just can't beat the &quot;character&quot; of this property. You definitely know you are in Montreal and not in some generic chain hotel. We very much enjoy the on site entertainment, there is a piano lounge, disco, and bar (which are definitely fun places to visit) located right in the hotel. Montrealers know how to party and the bar crowd at the de la Montagne runs from middle aged couples to younger and single. Outside you are adjacent to Crescent Street with lots of restaurants and clubs and St. Catherine's Street with tons of shopping. This hotel is in an excellent location.After a long day of shopping, sightseeing &amp; eating and drinking the rooms are a welcome sight. Large and clean with very comfortable beds we were satisfied with the lodging quality. Luckily we also got a 16th floor room with a beautiful view of the skyline. Housekeeping comes by in the early evening with a &quot;tomorrow's weather&quot; card and chocolates which we thought was a nice touch. Overall, for the money we felt this was a good deal and a real find in the city of Montreal. We will continue to visit Montreal for occasional romantic getaway weekends and stay at the Hotel de la Montagne. This city has a lot to offer and the Montagne remains a more than satisfactory part of the experience.	
Sep 28 2007 	More to like than dislike	When we arrived at the hotel around 3:00 p.m., there were 2 doormen, but when we went out to dinner at 5:00 p.m. they were gone and we never saw them again during our stay. No complaints though - we weren't carrying enough luggage to make their services necessary. Check-in was a friendly experience, and we found the service to be quite good throughout - except when we returned to the hotel around 10:00 p.m. dressed in our &quot;comfort clothes&quot;, sneakers, and carrying a Mac's bag; we got a bit of a look from the front desk as if they thought we were in the wrong place.My partner and I had a king deluxe room - very large and spacious, and the bathroom was lovely for the most part. One wonders why, however, when the hotel went to the bother of tiling the floor and walls with marble, they would put cheap white tiles in the shower stall and install a pressboard vanity counter. The full-length mirror was very nice, and we certainly appreciated the 2 sinks in the bathroom.Word to the wise, though: make sure your room is located on at least the 8th floor if they're putting you at the back of the building. We were on the 5th floor and we could hardly hear ourselves talk over the roar of vents, air conditioners, etc. while trying to use the balcony. The back of the building overlooks a rather dingy industrial scene, and I think being on a higher floor would help. We wondered if, because we had booked with Expedia, we had been given a &quot;money savers&quot; room instead of one of their better ones. Or if you don't mind street noise and enjoy people-watching, ask for a room at the front of the building.The mini bar was well-stocked, the bed was comfortable, and the location was excellent. The air conditioner could have worked better, and chairs on the balcony would have been helpful, but all-in-all it was a good stay and we will likely return.	
Sep 17 2007 	Loved this hotel!	I stayed at this hotel in Sept. We went to see Genesis play. This hotel is in a central downtown location. It was 2 blocks from the metro and right around the courner from St cathrine street. The rooms were large. The beds were very comfortable. Simmions beautyrest pillowtop mattresses. They also had fluffy pillows. The bathroom was huge. It had a shower and seperate tub. i also liked that there was a balcony. There were a couple of bars/ resterants in the hotel. This was nice not having to leave the hotel if you didn't want to. There was a breakfast buffet that was included in our room. This wasn't your typical continential breakfast. The had crossants, danishes, lots of fresh fruit and yogart, scrambaled eggs, bacon, sausage, homefrys and pancakes. It was very good. The under ground garage parking was also nice. this included valet parking. Nice added touch. We would stay there again!	
Aug 1 2007 	Nice place to stay ... but don't expect to use the pool!!	My wife and I decided to visit Montréal this summer with our children. I have always stayed downtown at other business hotels, butthis time I was looking for something with a bit more “character” that the children might appreciate.I did a fair bit of research on the internet and decided on l’Hôtel de la Montagne. Definitely one of the most attractive features of thehotel was the rooftop pool, which is a must when travelling with children. It seems now that I didn't do enough research, based on our experience this past week.The hotel is nicely situated in the best part of downtown Montreal and the hotel is very comfortable and their staff was very friendly and well mannered. The facilities are very well appointed and our standard room was quite large - this is one of the very few downtown hotels that offer queen-sized beds. But I certainly had quite a bit of concern with their swimming pool.Their website provides an image of a quiet and relaxed pool setting that describes the scene as a “hidden oasis high above the city … a dream spot in the heart of downtown for sunbathing around the pool, having a drink and a light meal.” Their video reinforces this concept with a woman diving into a calm, clear pool as a few other guests serenely watch from the terrace.In reality, we found a much different scene when we arrived at the pool at 2:30 P.M., after a sun-filled morning of touring the city and looking for some quiet relaxation and cool down. What we found was quite simply shocking. The pool deck was crowded almost beyond capacity, and not a single chair was available to us. The vast majority of this “clientele” were quite obviously not guests of the hotel. Most were early twenty-somethings wearing skimpy bathing suits and covered in tattoos. It was as if we had walked into a scenefrom a spring break party at Fort Lauderdale! We were not alone in our reaction – another young family with a baby arrived shortly afterus with a look that showed that they were even more taken aback than we were. From the brief conversation we had with them we learned thatthey were under the same false impression as we had about the access and use of the pool – that being for hotel guests only. It is definitely not. Anyone who buys a drink is welcome, and seems to have priority over hotel guests.The crowd was quite obviously uninterested in using the pool for swimming. Apart from the full deck, there was an equally large numberof people seated around and/or standing in the water around the edge the edge of the pool. Practically everyone had a beer or cocktail glass (definitely a safety issue around a pool, I might add!), and a fair number were smoking cigarettes, some even while they were in the pool. For a young family, this was quite shocking and quite unacceptable. It was quite obvious that this “clientele” were not guests of the hotel. I counted only five (5) people on the pool deck that I could assume were guests, given that they had hotel towels with them (sincenone were being provided to guests - despite the contrary statement on their website). We were not the only guests obviously frustrated by the experience. One poor man was trying to do laps, but was havinga very difficult time “navigating” amongst the partiers and gave up after only a few ends. Another woman was trying to find some sun and a place to read her book, but after being bumped and crawled-over by the crowd one-too-many times, she too gave up and left.For our part, my two daughters (aged 6) wanted to cool off a bit, so we “coaxed” an opening onto the shallow end wall to allow them accessto the pool. Being children, they splashed a bit as they tried to swim in the open area of the shallow end. This was obviously not appreciated by the people standing around the edge of the pool who were trying to maintain their hair, makeup and bikinis in pristine condition as well as find the chance to pickup a date for the evening. After a few minutes, we also simply gave up and left the pool area completely, quite disappointed and frustrated.This would be a great hotel for singles and young marrieds without kids who don't mind serious crowds and want the &quot;eye-candy&quot; but certainly not a place for the rest of us.A definite disappointment for us and we will not be returning anytimesoon.	
Jul 25 2007 	Clean HUGE rooms. Good location.	Headed up to Montreal for 4 nights to attend the Just for Laughs Festival (O'Comics &amp; Spymonkey--HILARIOUS) and one of the entries in the annual International Fireworks Competition (absolutely stunning).We chose the Hotel de la Montagne for its location and price. We werehappy with our choice. The room, a standard king, was HUGE. Separate shower and tub in marble bathroom, comfy bed.... The furnishings were not shiny/sleek/modern, but everything was in good shape and, overall, we felt very at home there.The concierge was helpful and also let us know for next time that he often has discount tickets available for shows around town.Our only complaint was with the rooftop pool/bar. The pool is open tothe public, and they certainly take advantage. We went up at about 5PM, hoping to take a quick dip and sun ourselves, only to find a space PACKED with young people. Great if you are single and interested in partying and drinking with beautiful people. Not so great if you're looking for a quiet hour in the sun with a fruity drink and a book. There wasn't an available chair to be seen in the small pool area. I wish that they would perhaps institute a &quot;hotel guests only&quot; period for a few hours every day since we would have liked to relax there for a while. The separate bar and terrasse are very nice for an outdoor drink and some light food.Every room has a balcony, which offers great nighttime views of the city--but our one question: why don't they put chairs out there for the guests? A lil' odd.As for location, the hotel is one block from Crescent--bars and restaurants, one block from St. Catherine--shopping GALORE (go to Simons for affordable and cute Quebec-made clothes), four blocks or so from the nearest Metro, two blocks or so from the Bell Center. Convenient enough spot for all your tourist needs.We were on the 12th floor, overlooking Crescent, so we weren't subjected to either the street noise, or the rooftop noise that some reviewers commented on.I would certainly return to the Hotel de la Montagne for my next trip.:)***Word to the wise*** Do NOT take L'Aerobus (airport shuttle) back to the airport. We got on the shuttle at 3:30 for a 6PM flight. We informed them more than once what time our flight was. Our driver wasdismissive: &quot;Yeah yeah, it'll be fine.&quot; She proceeded to drive down streets that even we, as tourists, knew were closed off. She made several stops and didn't even pick up any additional passengers. Because of L'Aerobus' inefficient and unreliable driver, we missed our flight and had to pay $40 each to get our tickets reissued. Even the ticket agent at Air Canada agreed that they're useless!The service is fine FROM the airport to your hotel, but do yourself a favor and pay the $35 to get a taxi when you're heading home!	
Jul 6 2007 	Very disappointed!	I stayed here between 6-30 and 7-3-3007. The hotel is located near Crescent Street, a large street party area. Music and singing blasted all night long as a festival was in progress from Friday-Monday. About 3 a.m. the music and party-goers departed. The street noise was incredible and to make matters worse, the TV had a volume control that you could barely here above the street din. There is no coffee maker in this 4-star rated hotel. The a/c unit was barely functional and the thick bedding was designed for the harsh Montreal winters. If you plan on visiting during the summer months when the jazz festivals and other outdoor events are planned, do not stay anywhere near Crescent Street.	
Jun 5 2007 	Straight DOPE	Over Memorial Day weekend ten friends and myself stayed at this hotel and it was totally RAD! People say that it is dated, so what, so is your girlfriend. The pool on the roof is as cool as it gets. We arrived on Friday afternoon and the roof looked like a scene from springbreak in Cancun. So the pool and roof top bar are tight. The restaurant is killer. The club in the basement is what it is, a club in the basement of a hotel. How much can you expect? But if you are down thier on a Sunday night the ladies are fine. The location is top notch, in the middle of everything you need. The staff was awesome, they ask no questions, and answer all of them. We were here for a bachelor party and were very loud and crazy and no one ever beefed on us. I reccomend this place for anyone serious about getn' down.	
May 23 2007 	Great location	Best part about this hotel is it's location. Short walk to 2 Metro lines and right downtown. Our room was in very good shape, large, and clean. Very nice to have a balcony, though you have to drag your hotel chairs out there if you want to sit, and its nice to be able to open door or window for fresh air. Our room faced Rue Crescent, which is crowded with bars and restaurants. Nice to be close to them for drinking and dining, but not so nice for noise (even with windows closed)! On cold nights it was quiet, but when it got warm people were out and music was playing until quite late. We're not really night owls, so for us this was a bit inconvenient. Perhaps a room on the other side would offer a bit more quiet? Overall, this hotel was a good choice for us at the discounted price, but I'd probably think twice about staying there in the heart of the summer party season if I wanted to go to bed before 2am.	
May 18 2007 	This Hotel is perfect for a stay in Montreal	We really had a terrific stay here. I knew we had gotten a good deal when we booked through Expedia, but I was somewhat concerned when I read from some reviewers that the hotel was getting a little run down. All I can say is..NOT true, at least not any of it that my wife and I saw. From the lobby, to the restaurants, and especially the rooms! All up-to-date, clean, modern and well decorated. The rooms are huge and the beds (we had a king room) are very comfortable. The rooms all have a balcony. Ours, off the back, looked out over Rue Crescent, one of the busiest areas for nightlife in the city. This hotel IS the center of Montreal, and Club Thursdays seems to be the busiest club in the city. The bar and disco are packed from Thursday to Saturday nights! Amazingly, Thursday seemed the busiest. Happy hours duting the week go from 5 - 8 PM and the bars are jumping. Good music, BIG drinks, great people. We found the people of Montreal extremely friendly, and the hotel staff were anxious to help in any way. I'd give this place 5 stars in all categories, and highly recommend it. Make sure to try Le Beaue Jolies (sp?) restaurant, upstairs from Club Thursdays, and get the buffet breakfast in the upstairs lobby/restaurant...both excellent. That's the best part of this hotel...you really don't need to leave it, but you should. Montreal is a great city, and there's tons of things to do and see (weather permitting, and we got lucky with an early spring heat wave the 5 days we were there).	
May 1 2007 	Would definitely stay here again	First of all, this hotel is in a great location in the Centre-Ville section of Montreal. There are many restaurants and bars very nearby,as well as good shopping (according to my wife). The guest rooms at the Hotel are very large as is the bathroom, which had a double-vanity and separate shower stall and bathtub. The bed was incredibly comfortable, too.The staff at the Hotel were all very nice and accommodating. You can convert currency right at the front desk and the concierge went out of his way to make restaurant suggestions and highlight some areas we may want to see as first-time visitors to Montreal. All in all, I rate the Hotel de la Montagne an &quot;Excellent&quot;.	
Apr 22 2007	Bad experience!	The staff was extremely rude and unhelpful. The rooms were nice enough, but we were uncomfortable staying in a place where the staff talked down to us and were unwilling to assist us/make basic adjustments, etc.	
Mar 7 2007	Wonderful Experience	Great downtown location. We valet parked the car undergound ($17/day) and walked . Only about 5 blocks to the Eaton Centre and 1/2 block to St. Catherines St. It was good and cold so there was no 'strolling around'.An old style 'grand hotel' with very large rooms which were nicely decorated. Huge bathroom. The ecclectic lobby was cozy with big leather couches and chairs. Ideal for reading the paper and watching the world go by.The staff, everybody!, was VERY freindly and all switched between French and English effortlessly.Happy hour in the lobby 'caberet' during the week was really 'happy'. Order one drink and they deliver two. It also had 'low key' entertainment on Friday and Saturday.Buffet breakfast was wonderful and there is a great restuaruant and bar in the same building but through a short tunnel. It was a very quick walk to many other dining experiences. The Interent access is wireless and free.Only negatives were that you could only get ice through room service and there was no place to eat between breakfast and dinner without going out. No big deal.We were there Feb 23-26/07 and paid $101 CDN+taxes per night. Wow! (winter rates? ... I don't know)Great experience. We would go again... in fact, we will.	
Jan 25 2007	"The Best Kept Secret in North Ameriica"	Montreal; Hotel De La MontagneDate; January 25,2007Reviewer: Aerospace SalesmanI have been coming to the Hotel De la Montagne for over 21 years at least once a month. I recently read a review by another hotel guest and felt that, eventhough they have a right to their opinion, their criticism of finding and “Empty &quot; condom wrapper near the bed after the turn down process offended them. I can only wonder if what they found was a candy wrapper, which is by the way provided to you each evening with the turn down service, would they have the same thoughts.I started my aerospace traveling July 3rd 1967 and have traveled the world and can honestly say I look forward to arriving back at the Hotel De La Montagne each and every time. You could not feel any more welcome or comfortable in your own home. The staff and Hotel surroundings are Magnificent.Tina Rodriguez and her staff have always handled any issue professionally with a courteous attitude.Do your self a favor visit this hotel and see how you should be treated in a 1st class hotels	
Jan 24 2007	Pretty hotel great location but a really bad experience...	Hi there, we stayed at the hotel de la Montagne last night in room 1709. For some background, we have stayed at this hotel once before and liked it so much we went back. Regularly $189.00 night, we booked it on expedia.ca at $119.00 per night.It is a small and pretty hotel, full of character in a great location, and close to the Bell Centre, where we had tickets to a show. This was part of the reason we selected De la Montagne again. We had no trouble with valet parking ($17.00 overnight) or check in. All were done quickly and politely in English or French (everyone we interacted with at the hotel was bilingual). The breakfast buffet was excellent ($14.95 per person) and well presented - fresh fruit, pastries, croissants, cut fruit (melons, strawberries, peaches, etc.) and cottage cheese. On the hot food side, you had pancakes, hash browns, bacon, sausage or ham, and they also served scrambled eggs. They have a full range of dry cereal, juices and coffee too. You had a selection of English or French newspapers to read over breakfast. The service we received was good and courteous. Our Room:We had a Queen room which appeared to be clean and well appointed. Marble floors in the bathroom, robes, slippers as well as all the little toiletries. The main room was pretty, with a large closet, drawers, and safe. It also boasts a mini fridge, stocked with everything you could need when in the mood for a snack or drink (all $ extra). The room had a nice firm bed, fluffy duvet, and pillows. At night the hotel offers turn down service; complete with little chocolates and the next day's weather forecast. For those who like room, the King rooms are much larger (we had a king room on our prior visit in September 2005.) Background of our complaint and why I give the Hotel De la Montage a poor rating: We checked in, dropped our stuff in the room and literally went straight to the show at the nearby Bell Centre. We returned just after the concert ended at 11:00pm and prepared for bed. Turn down service was provided some time while we were out at the concert. Much to my dismay, upon sitting on the edge of the bed, we noticed an open &amp; empty condom wrapper on the floor. Something neither my husband nor I noticed when we entered the room earlier in the evening. We immediately called the front desk to mention it. We were told to take up our complaint with the day manager, Ms. Rodriguez, in the morning when we checked out. We were told she would be there as of 7am and that our message would be relayed to her.When we checked out, at approximately 10am, we spoke with Ms. Rodriguez. She mentioned she had not received our message and that she had just arrived. I explained the thought of the hotel providing a turn down service in a lovely hotel, and then the eerie coincidence of the condom wrapper on the floor, was sickening. She said it was not acceptable but offered nothing to remedy the situation. No more than an &quot;I'm sorry, I will look into it.&quot; And interesting that she asked where the wrapper was at that moment - almost as if to imply we were making it up. So much for treating the customer as we expect to be treated. We were not looking for a free nights stay or anything of that nature, but something was due given the situation. Show a client some empathy - pay for our parking, offer a discount on our next stay, SOMETHING! Oversight/accident or not, this is unacceptable at a hotel of this level. We will no longer stay at this hotel as a direct result of this experience. We will try the Vogue directly across the street the next time. The reason we liked this hotel, and went back, was its great location to all things - you are right downtown, three blocks to the Bell Centre (home of the Montreal Canadiens), shopping one block over on St Catherine St. or the Louis Vuitton shop in Ogilvy's in the same block. I suggest using your judgement; no question it is a lovely looking hotel. This was most likely an isolated thing, but how the hotel handled it was what you may want to think about before booking your stay. If you have a problem, it may not be addressed to your satisfaction, if even at all. Best wishes, happy travels!	
Jan 20 2007	Comfort in the best location in the city	I have stayed here 5 times on business now and the proximity to everything is the best thing about this hotel. You know, Location, Location, Location! It backs onto Crescent Street which is a fantastic bar/restaurant strip (tourist central) is walking distance from the downtown core and is half a block north of the best shopping district.The hotel as stated by others is not over the top luxurious but is pleasant and the staff is always polite. They have a great happy hour every night to being people together in the lobby bar and the food in the 2nd floor restaurant is good too.If you are looking for a fantastic restaurant experience with amazing food and great wine pairings try the Cafe Europa about 400 yards down the street. It's not cheap but it is a top notch dining experience.	
Jan 2 2007	Not exceptional...but definitely an above average experience	Just returned from spending 3 nights at the De La Montagne, one of them New Year's Eve. We stayed in a King Suite, which was very spacious. Furniture/drapes/carpet looked somewhat dated, but the bed was very comfortable and the washroom was clean and big. Didn't really notice the smell of cigarette smoke, as other traveller's reported. Private balcony overlooking the city was nice. Doorman &amp; bellboy were great, front desk staff were efficient but not overly friendly. Hotel is centrally located and close to restaurants, the subway, musuems, Bell Centre and shopping (note that Ste-Catherine Street is a popular area so you are going to get a wide variety of characters hanging out, but it is much safer than most other N.A. cities)...as well as the nightlife (especially the night life). If you like action, then their bar Thursdays is among many late-night spots on Crescent St....Basically, the De La Montagne is a different experience and it's pluses far outweigh any minuses. It's the perfect spot for a few days if your interests are shopping &amp; sightseeing during the day, and wining &amp; dining until the wee hours of the morning.	
Jun 29 2006	Perfect for me	I have long been of the opinion that no hotel bed is ever comfortable, regardles of how highly rated, or how high priced, the hotel. The Hotel de la Montagne destroyed that myth. My deluxe room was spacious, clean, and well and beautifully appointed. I thoroughly enjoyed the music and the food in the piano bar, found the walking distance access to the museum an unexpected treat, and was pleasantly surprised at how well the air conditioning controlled the cigarette smoke. The staff were delightful. I only regretted that I had such a short visit.	
Apr 25 2006	This place is a dump	If you enjoy cheesy loud music in a run down lobby and carpeting in the rooms that are stained with god only knows; then this is the perfect place for you. For everyone else I suggest spending the extra $50 on a real hotel room. Also don't be fooled by the roof top pool. It too is a dump that get's extremely crowded with a bunch of idiots. Though I must say if you get thirsty while at the pool you can enjoy a drink from the poolside bar. Just be sure to leave a tip so you don't get yelled at by the bartender like i did.	
Feb 6 2006	Not even an apology for poor service	I had dinner at Thursday's Restaurant, which is owned by La Montagne Hotel Montreal (rue la montagne). The horrible service I rec'd was the worst in my entire working career. We were 4 guests of which 3 were my guests from the U.S.A. We ordered 4 meals. Three were served satisfactorily. Mine was completely forgotten about. After waiting for 30 minutes and after everyone had completely eaten their meals, since it was already 10:30 p.m., I went to the desk and asked why my meal was not served. I then said, not to bother and that I needed to speak to the manager. The president of the Hotel-came and asked me what the problem was. I told him that I was not going to pay for the meal as a result of this oversight. I went back to my table to join my guests, when within 10 minutes, &quot;he&quot; the president, in his great wisdom decided to have my meal prepared and subsequently had the waiter bring it out. I told the waiter, who by the way was courteous, but perhaps somewhat to blame, that it was rather late and my guests were anxious to leave and therefore, I turned him away. I was presented with the bill. I then brought it to this president and told him that as a result of their poor service, I was humiliated in front of my guests leaving them with the impression that I simply decided not to order a meal because I wanted to save money.I was further shocked, since no apology was offered. The best this president was capable of compensating me for the poor service, was to say he will not charge me for the meal that &quot;I returned&quot;.The embarrassment contined. When I had brought forth the bill and once again, pointed out why I wasn't prepared to pay, he instructed one of his waitors to call the police, claiming that I intentionally was refusing to pay the bill because I wanted a &quot;free meal&quot;. Needless to say, although I have spent more than $2,000 on meals at this establishment in the last 3 years, and recommended many clients to stay at the La Montagne, that will now come to an end.Never again, will La Montagne every profit from my visits or friends' to it's Hotel premises nor the Thursday's Restaurant.P.S. I will dispute the amount charged on my credit card and when contested by the management, I then might consider suing La Montagne Hotel in small claims court for making inappropriate threats and harrassing me in front of my guests.	
Dec 4 2005	Loved this hotel!	We booked this hotel on line and found a great price. This hotel is centrally located and we could walk to all tours and restaurants. The rooms were fantastic and the hotel staff was friendly and helpful! I would definitely recommend this hotel- expecially for a price under $120 .	
Nov 17 2005	Quite Enjoyable	Decided to have a weekend getaway in Montreal and stayed here. Upon arrival doorman and staff and bell-boy were extremely courteous. Has an old world charm. Even a balcony. Lovely wood furniture and comfortable King bed with turn down service. Nice big washroom and even terrycloth bath robes!! Lots of bars if you like to socialize. Thursday's has a great happy hour Monday to Friday. Very happening place. Location was great. We walked to old Montreal, to St. Catherines shopping and Bell Canada Ctr for a hockey game. Great restaurant district nearby. Reuben's has an amazing Reuben sandwich. $5 dollar cab ride to Via Station. Had a great weekend, will probably stay here again. First class.	
Sep 26 2005	Loved Hotel de la Montagne	We arrived in Montreal at Hotel de la Montagne on Sept 11 and stayed until Sept. 15. We were extremely happy with our stay here. The rooms were very large, very clean and had a balcony to walk out to. The bathroom was very, very large, a double vanity, separate tub and separate shower. Nice and clean, all marble. They turned down your bed at night and left chocolates with next days forecast. The hotel room was done in an older style but in perfect condition. This hotel has class!!! It's worth it's 3 1/2 star rating. Worth every penney of our expedia low rate of $ 132. Parking is $ 15 canadian per night with in/out privileges which is average for Montreal abd Toronto.The desk personnel and concierge were helpful and friendly. My only slight, if any, negative was a slight smokey smell, objectionable to probably just me, in the Hotel lobby. I believe it was this way because of the open Cabaret adjacent to the lobby.The Hotel is located in a nice part of Downtown Montreal near all kinds of shops and boutiques on Blvd Rene Levesque. It is located one street from Blvd Maisoneuvve and one block from Crescent street with lots of restaurants and nightclubs.This is truly a hidden gem in Montreal for the price. Worth every penny.	
Sep 8 2005	What a delightful surprise!	Just came back from an extended Labour Day weekend at the Hotel de la Montagne. It was one of the nicest rooms I've stayed in; roomy, extremely comfortable beds; huge bathroom. The beds were turned down each night with chocolates and the next day's weather forecast left for us. The hotel is right in the heart of the shopping/restaurant area so it was extremely convenient. Friendly, helpful desk staff. Loved the restaurant where we had breakfast most days -- the staff there were charming and the pain chocolat to die for! This was my first trip to Montreal but I enjoyed it immensely. You don't even have to leave the hotel for entertainment with its many bars and restaurants! We asked for a room &quot;in the middle&quot; so weren't very bothered by the rooftop club. Took a day trip to Quebec City by bus, purchased at the hotel, which was also lovely.	
Aug 30 2005	Smokiest hotel I've ever stayed in	Just stayed at the La Montagne Hotel in Montreal this past weekend (August 26-28). This is the smokiest hotel I've ever stayed in. If you do not like the smell of cigarette smoke, do not even think about staying here. Even though there are non-smoking floors, the rooms still stink. We had to be moved from our original &quot;non-smoking&quot; room because of the overpowering smell. The next room we were moved to was just as bad. We had to leave the two balcony doors open, with the air conditioning blasting to help circulate some air. Not what you expect when paying almost $280 US/night to stay in one of their luxury suites.	
Aug 27 2005	Would return to this hotel	We spent one evening at Hotel de la Montagne and enjoyed it thoroughly. I chose the hotel because of the price ($140 Cdn) and the excellent location. The lobby looks a little older but is decorated with a real European flair. The room was clean and enormous, with one of the biggest bathrooms I have ever seen in a hotel of this price range (double sinks, separate shower and bathtub, heat lamp, phone). We had a king size bed (the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on in a hotel) with a feather duvet, dresser, desk, and armoire with tv and mini bar. There was also a balcony. The location is ideal, steps from the shopping of St. Catharine Street and right next to Crescent Street, which has lots of bars and restaurants to choose from. Overall, I was impressed with this hotel and would stay there again.	
Aug 18 2005	The Glory days of this hotel are OVER!	For some background, the reader needs to know that my wife and I spent the second night of our honeymoon at this hotel back in August of 1985. It was the first time we had ever been to the hotel or to Montreal and it was a marvelous experience. So, we were eagerly looking forward to seeing the place again to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary! Sadly, the Hotel de la Montagne has lost its lustre and charm over the years. Here is my analysis:First, the room itself was very nice, and the housekeepers and maid service people did an excellent job of cleaning the room.Second, the previous reviews that speak of the Hotel lobby being run down or whatever are not true. The lobby looked as attractive and enchanting as it did back in 1985. Third, the overall experience was not very good. We got to the hotel at 4pm. Check in time was 2pm. Our room was still not ready! Another bad sign was that guests have to pay for Internet service through a third party provider. In my case, I paid, and after a few hours the service quit working.I called the front desk and they said I had to call a toll free number which would cost me $1. I protested and the clerk assured me that he would credit the $1 back to my bill. He did NOT do it.Fourth and worst of all, I had called the hotel three times prior to my arrival about specifically wanting a room in a QUIET part of the hotel. Didn't happen. We were there Sunday through Tuesday nights and on Sunday and Monday nights music from somewhere outside our room (on the 9th floor!) was so loud it awakened us. At it didn't stop until after 2AM.Finally, potential clients should know that the neighborhood where the hotel is located has declined in the 20 years since we last stayed there.There is a large porno-palace strip joint just up the street from the hotel, and the immediate shopping area was crawling with various shades of sub-humanity, along with larger numbers of fairly harmless looking normal people.There were several other things but this should serve as a forewarning to all who may think of staying there. If you want my advice, try the Hotel Delta.	
Aug 12 2005	Great stay Great people Old Montreal was lovely	I stayed here in June 2005 for 5 nites. The price was less than 100.00 american dollars and I had a KING SUITE TO BOOT!!!! Beautiful room; clean and with all the amenities including snuggly robe and slippers. The hotel featured a beautiful lobby with enormous crystal lighting and a fountain...too pretty to describe you have to see for yourself. The hotel personnel were wonderful as well. I went solo on this trip to Montreal and had a wonderful time. See this beautiful, friendly and clean city if you get a chance.The hotel was within walking distance to the subway system; which is awesome in itself. Very clean and the service people were so helpful. Also walking distance to great shopping and restaurants. Bonjour- I booked the hotel on Expedia.	
Jul 27 2005	tired lobby terrific rooms	after reading recent reviews of this hotel, i was very apprehensive about staying there. but since we had pre-paid (and gotten a great rate on line). we forged ahead. we were VERY happy with our choice. the lobby is tired and dated and doesn't make a very good first impression. the halls to the guest rooms are narrow and dark, but when we opened the door to our room, all our misgivings vanished. the room was among the largest i have ever stayed in, and had: big double dresser, big tv, in-room safe, terrycloth robes, complimentary slippers, shoe shine machine, suit pressing machine, plenty of seating space, very big closet and a king sized bed. the bathroom was even better: all black and white marble and tile, two sinks (how often does that happen?), and a shower AND a tub, lots of mirrors, a hair dryer, a scale, and a lot of space. so i would rate the rooms way above average.i did ask for a room on a lower floor so as not to hear the noise from the rooftop bar/ disco. the pool was wall-to-wall people on the weekend, but we didn't go to montreal to use the pool. both the lobby bar and the rooftop bar were extremely crowded with young people; so much that there was a line to use the elevators. but the hotel had staff there to make sure hotel guests went to the front of the line. most of the crowds there looked fine but a few guys looked rough. we were on the 6th floor and never heard a sound from our room.the staff was most helpful with restaurant reservations, suggestions, directions, etc. i accidentally left a purchase in my room when we checked out, and i called today and they had it and are sending it to me! usually, if you leave something behind, it's never found, so i am very happy with the honesty of the staff. everyone there was very friendly and the location of the hotel is wonderful.it was well worth the money and yes, we would stay there again. hope other readers will not be put off by the negative reviews posted here. we were very happy with the entire experience.	
Jul 4 2005	Met all expectations and more	Just returned from our first weekend to Montreal and was stunned to see the poor experiences people had at this hotel the same time we were there.We found the staff very helpful and had a concierge bring us to our room with a terrace and a nice view of Crescent Street. We were one floor under the roof pool, and he admitted upon check-in that we might hear the music. Since we stay up late (things close at 3 a.m. on weekends) I didn't think I would be bothered and I wasn't. With the air conditioning you couldn't hear much, though you could feel the bass beats in the bathroom.Room was exceptional. Huge with seating area, the terrace and a big, clean bathroom. Chocolate on the pillows every day. For less than 100 a night American I don't know how anyone could expect better.Did not go to any of the places on site. The bar looked cool during the day, but as with the rest of Crescent Street became very young and trendy on the weekend nights. We found the Claddagh Pub next door a little more our speed (we are both in our early 30s). The pasta place across the street is very good, but stay far away from Dundees. Decent beer selection, but their food is cafeteria fare at premium prices with a wait staff who could care less. I don't think our girl even had a pulse.In the area, Great Eggspectations is a great deal on the next block and Le Cafe Paris is a nice place for coffee. There are also two nicer souvenir stores two blocks north on Ste. Catherine on the left.The Old Port is the classier, quieter, more expensive part of town. It is about a two-mile walk right down Ste. Catherine. It takes about a half hour, so it depends on your lifestyle whether you think that is too far or not. A cab down there is about 10 bucks CAD at night, including tip. If you go down there, Jardin Nelson is a nice, open-air place with music and reasonably priced food.Things are expensive in Montreal. Think NYC prices. A beer is 8 bucks, including tax. Sure the American dollar is worth more, but the 15 percent tax makes up for it. Tax is on clothing and food too, unlike some American states.I would say this hotel is most ideal for a younger crowd. It is probably not a good family spot, and it could be loud. Also, keep in mind that Montreal does not have the same taboos as Americans regarding sex and drugs, so there are references (and photos) everywhere. If you are very sensitive about your kids seeing such things then consider another city or at the very least constrict your stay to the touristy Old Port.But for 20-something and 30-something tourists it was just about perfect. Plan to stay there again when we come back.	
Jul 2 2005	Okay not great	We arrived about 4:00 p.m., went to our room, which was not made up! The previous guests left a &quot;please clean this room&quot; sign on the door, and the maids thought it said &quot;do not disturb&quot;, so we walked into a dirty room. Yuk. They fixed it right away.The desk clerk was snotty, but everyone else was helpful and nice.The location is good, right above St. Catherine street, with lots of shops and restaurants.The rooms are large, but somewhat dark and dirty.The nightclub is noisy; you can hear the bass &quot;boom boom boom&quot; from the disco, and we were on the 11th floor. Also, someone left their keys in the lobby, so the hotel staff woke us up at 2:30 a.m. to see if they were our keys!If you like to party with young people, I guess this is the hotel.	
Jun 28 2005 	Anti-American Dirty 	The service was HORRIBLE. I came here determined to ignore it completely, intending only to work. But it has been so horrible I can't overlook it. This may have something to do with the fact that I visibly tipped using American money. And, having been raised here, I know that a Quebecer can spot an american bill from 600 yards away-- sniper-esque. The locals are racist-- an unfortunate term we use to describe the hatred of a people based on place of residence, and not race. In any case, they must hate Americans here, even though they love their money. The barmaid at the pool, June27th, 2005, at about 4:30pm, spoke to me in French after I addressed her in English. How rude. Then she yelled at me.So, I was ignored by the waitresses, who didn't ignore any of the men, and yelled at by the barmaid in my first minute here. I asked her whether it was possible to get a chair placed in the sun, given that all the free chairs were secured by lock and chain. She yelled at me to inform me that she was too busy to help me. Then when I told her I wasn'tasking HER to do it, but only needed information, she said, &quot;relax!&quot; I wasn't yelling. i know that because I don't yell. Then someone sitting at the bar told me in English that the lifeguard would help me. That man at the bar may have been the only English person there. The place is full of locals, as the pool is open to the public.A dirty ashtray was left by my feet at the poolside by the same young man who informed me that I could get free internet here if I invested in a wireless card. I was embarassed for him. The place was a dirty circus and I felt cheated and scammed for having spent all that money there, just trying to buy a relaxing day by a pool in the sun. $15.00 for parking, $7.25 per drink, only 1 and a half of which I was able to drink. With tip, $10.00 per drink. $5.00 USD tip for the lifeguard. That's over $50.00 for my dignity, which felt lowered by my mere presence here. What a waste of 2 precious hours. Then I found out I was scammed for parking, having paid more than what I was supposed to pay. I was too upset to notice, as the visit ruined my entire day.On the inside: I stayed there 3 weeks ago while ata conference, along with several Americans. The room was mediocre and smelled like mold, and the service was worse. The men in our party were treated better than the women. I suppose they assume the women there are not paying customers. The reason for this is that at night, you will find prostitutes there. If you don't believe me, ask anyone at &quot;Thursday's&quot;, a bar a block away.	
Jun 25 2005	Crappy time in Montreal	Our room had a musty smell. The music from the bar above on the roof kept us up all night. I would not come back to this hotel or recommend it. Most Montrealers think it's a great hotel... I still am trying to figure it out. I would not come here unless I wanted to drink and be loud.	
Jun 12 2005	Room accomodations were nice...	Room accomodations were nice... but the rest of the hotel facilities were dated and appeared to cater primarily to the young college crowd. Rooftop pool is open to the walk-in public, not just hotel guests, so get there early if you want a lounge chair to enjoy the summer sun. Staff were friendly and helpful [which is why I rate this hotel a four star], but I found that to be true of almost all Montrealians, which made my first trip to this city a most pleasant one. Restaurant &quot;Thursday&quot; dinner was a fiasco but again headwaiter tried to make good on poor kitchen prep and was sincerely apologetic. All in all an O.K. place to stay if you are young and like to party. Hotel city location is fantastic.	
Jun 1 2005	good rate but....	The staff is nice and helpful. The rate is good. The hotel is in a great location. Overall, we had a good time. However, it is NOT a four star hotel. It is not even a three star hotel. The lobby is depressingly tired with rancid cigar smoke lingering in the air day and night. The rooms are very large. But, the furniture is a cheap use of wannabe materials. Ex. instead of marble in the bathroom it's plastic that looks like marble. The brunch is good. However, it used to be great. Parking is $15 day. There is a club that has very loud music until 3 am. So, stay on the street side of the building. The room rate and location made it a good deal for us.	
May 14 2005	Se Magnifique		
Apr 30 2005	You can trust my reveiw		
Nov 21 2004	I would go back for sure!!!		
Oct 12 2004	Relaxed stay		
Aug 28 2004	After 12 years of staying at Montagne won't return!		
Aug 6 2004	It was great		
Nov 4 2003	Hotel with personality		
Oct 6 2003 	Beautiful elegant European like affair		
Jul 22 2003	Had a great weekend at the Hotel De la Montagne		
Aug 16 2002	Wonderful time		
Sep 2 2009 	Chic and modern room		
Oct 21 2008 	Très bon hotel		
