Nov 2 2009 	1 night to relax	I was on an exhauting business trip, 3 cities and only 1 night to relax so the hotel I picked needed to be very good and this hotel was. The positives outweigh the negatives by far. Flew into O'Hare so this hotel is a little far but I flew out of Midway so it worked out perfectly. To start our stay we were given a room on the street side of the hotel, which my colleague (for personal reasons) had a problem with, we asked and they changed us immediately. The free wireless in room and computer access in the lobby was the best. I was able to do some work in my room and also utilize the printers in the lobby to print out my boarding passes for the next days flights.The room was spacious, with silly amenities that I love like a coffee maker, iro and ironing board, robe, toiletries, and bottles water.The bed was probably the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in; hotel or personal. THE PRICE WAS GREAT!I thought there would be a free continental breakfast but either there wasn't or we couldn't find it and we wound up eating the buffet at the restaurant which was pretty good anyway.The only real problem I had was the water pressure in the shower was terrible, but I have come to expect that with any hotel I stay in.	
Oct 18 2009 	Decent hotel-A good nights sleep...a true gem if using points!	After reading some negative reviews on here I was a little skeptical of this hotel, even though it was only SPG Category 1 (lowest rewards category), but I was pleasantly surprised!For what I paid (7000 Starpoints for 3 nights) it was a true bargain, considering most hotels downtown require 10000-12000 points PER NIGHT, and I didnt even pay that much for all 3 nights! Room 526, while a little small (although adequate for 1-2 people), was clean, and had a few unexpected features such as a flat-screen TV and even a decent bathrobe! The bathroom was also clean, and while a little on the small side and a bit oddly-shaped it was perfectly adequate. HVAC unit in room was surprisingly quiet. Free internet was decent, but the signal in my room was weak. Didn't try the restaurant, but room service prices seemed to be reasonable.Service at the front desk was hit-or-miss. Some clerks were friendly, some were rather snippy.Yes, it is a little out of the way, but they do have a free shuttle that takes you to Midway airport, and from there you can catch the 'L' to downtown, which didnt take all too long. All in all, its not bad at all! I'd stay here again if I were using points...its worth it!	
Sep 21 2009 	My worse experience ever	I was awakened at 3:30 AM with water leaking from the ceiling and dripping on me and the bed. Management staff was very unresponsive to the problem. The ceiling had several poor patch jobs and was peeling in other spots. I'd stay away from this hotel brand.	
Sep 19 2009 	Solid airport hotel w/phenomenal service	Solid clean hotel with great bed and really extraordinary service. Standard hi-quality hotel room at the airport w/free 24 hour shuttle, free wifi, free computer access in the lobby, GREAT beds, and some of the best service I've ever had in any hotel - the staff were ridiculously helpful &amp; friendly. If you get a rate comparable to other hotels, definitely go here. I used Starwood points so don't have a sense of pricing, but the beds &amp; service were really really good.	
Sep 10 2009 	Great Front Desk Staff large rooms a bit worn	We selected this hotel based on rate and free parking. Cicero was not my 1st choice of town to stay in but this hotel is close to Midway airport and they have a shuttle. The hotel is a bit worn but the rooms are large, internet is free in room and there is a business center and workout room (neither of which we used.) We used the free internet from the room and had no problem connecting or with speed of connection. A/C in the room is a bit of pain as it's a wall unit that makes the room too cold and blows on you but we dealt with it. Amenities in bath were not fancy but adequate. The price we paid for this hotel was quite equitable especially since another major name brand down the street was double our price here. The front desk staff was excellent, especially the day manager. We got an excellent suggestion for dinner from the evening staff, Louie's Chop House. We didn't try the food in the hotel. The area is not the best but it's not dangerous; it's on a busy road and well lit and convenient to shopping. We found the bed too soft for us but the bedding was in excellent condition, as were bath linens. No fridge, but has a coffee maker, iron, hair dryer, which all worked fine.The free shuttle service was nice to have as they give you a ride to bus or train and explain how it works and make recommendations on what type of ride pass you will need/want.	
Sep 8 2009 	Worse for wear and lack of cleanliness	On the positive side, the staff members were friendly and responsvie. The carpets had massive stains and were not well-vacuumed. The rooms were comfortable, but found pubic hair in the tub and in the soap dish next to the sink. Asked to change rooms, found pubic hair in that tub as well plus trash on top of the TV that I guess the maid did not or could not see. I remember when the name &quot;Sheraton&quot; meant something - not sure if that still holds true based on my latest experiences with this chain.	
Oct 15 2008 	Worst Hotel I've Ever Stayed In	I will never in my life stay at this place again. I've stayed at much nicer looking , more courteous staff, and top of the line hotels that make this hotel look like DIRT!! It was definately not worth an almost $3,000.00 stay.	
Oct 10 2008 	Good budget stay transit tough w/o a rental.	I was really pleased with this stay. We chose it due to points usage, so I didn't expect much since it is so far out of the city. The neighborhood it's in may be a little questionable but is pretty suburban; just seemed to be a lot of run down buildings within a mile range. The shuttle driver (I think his name was Jeff) was the sweetest man ever and he gave us a lot of city history on our travels back and forth to the Orange line. The hotel was pretty clean, decor was pretty standard. The carpet and a few other things were starting to show some age, but well kept in general. A new girl at the front desk was pretty incompetent and resulted in some long waits for pickups and some confusion about billing, but it was clear that she was in training (or soon to be fired!). All in all, my three night stay here was pretty acceptable, and better than I expected.The only thing that is really frustrating is public transit. I guess I'm jaded from a recent stay in NYC, but the El just doesn't run to as many places, and from this specific hotel it's about a 3-5 minute shuttle ride. Getting there is fine, but waiting for pickups stinks. Also, depending on the shuttle schedule, time of day, etc, it can be up to a 45 minute ride average to the loop and possibly longer on the way back. We were in and out of the city a lot, and wasted a good part of the weekend on the El. If you plan on changing your clothes in the evenings, or want to make pit stops back at the hotel, you may wish to opt for something in the city. Had I known it would take so long I would've paid the extra money to stay closer.One really cool thing about this location, however, is that it is within walking distance to a mall, Target, Best Buy, a drugstore, and some other really good places to get things you forgot or chose not to pack.	
Sep 21 2008 	Certain staff takes away from the nice building	Pretty decent stay. Room was clean and roomy, price was affordable. Amenities were nice. Only thing I didn't like was that we had a room on the fourth floor and were carrying shopping bags to and from the elevators. Neighborhood was less that desireable (groups of people hanging out in the parking lot of the adjacent mall all night - some fighting), but at least there were stores nearby for convenience. Staff at the bar was wonderful, front desk staff not so much. The location is on the edge of town, far away from a lot of places we were visitng (i.e. Downtown). But there was a shuttle to the airport (when the driver feels like showing up), which would get you on the El-Train system.	
Aug 3 2008 	Clean comfortable room. Service needs work	My nine year old daughter and I were here for one night on the way to the airport.Pros: Clean room, comfortable beds. Free wirelessCons: LOUD air conditioner that comes on and off all night waking us up.Front desk people sullen, slow and uninterestedMessed up room service orderMessed up movie order (twice)Lobby looks depressing	
Jul 20 2008 	Tired hotel - but it was a free stay with points	We stayed at the Four Points on a Saturday night prior to a Sunday morning flight out of Midway. We arrived to the hotel around 8pm. We contacted the hotel for shuttle and didn't have a long wait. Upon entering the lobby we noticed that there were people all over the place as a large family reunion was being held. When I say all over the place - I mean people laying on couches, all over the chairs, surfing the internet like they were sitting at home (my concern - what if a traveller would like to check in for their morning flight - We had done that from home). I booked this room using my starwood points - had we paid I would have been very disappointed.Check in:I over heard the young man state that he had &quot;changed our room&quot; - not sure what that meant. Room:We could not get in with the keys issued. The door seemed quite worn. It seemed as though they were not sure what to do about our key situation..One of the clerks came up and was able to finally get it open.The room was worn - but OK for just one night. Dining/BarWe went to their bar - there was another couple in there and they soon left. We had a couple of beers and then looked at the menu (24 hour dining right next door). Not impressed - may it was the time of our meal (about 9:15)Check out Was fineShuttle back to airport - we sat there waiting while the driver watched TV. We got to the lobby and were told shuttle would leave at 7am (About 15 minutes). The driver stunned himself when he realized it was 7am. Upon finally getting into the shuttle van the driver needed to tune the radio, adjust his mirrors, adjust his seat....It seemed to take forever. Those seem like things that should have been done prior to us sitting in the van waiting for him to go. OH - and the walls are paper thin. We heard people shouting in the halls until about 1am. And then it started promply at 6am.May have been a better stay without the family reunion.	
Jun 3 2008 	A Good Choice with caveats!	We stayed here for the following reasons:1. Free Chicago parking2. Free shuttle to train station at Midway3. Points per night were 4,000 on StarwoodThe employees were extremely friendly and cooperative, the shuttle drivers and front desk bent over backwards to give you anything you needed.My basic complaint with the property is that it needs a good makeover. Double beds in two bedded rooms are too small for this man and his wife, &quot;we got little or no sleep&quot;. Not that we shouldn't lose at least 100 pounds between the two of us, but I do prefer queen beds in two bedded rooms.The room itself was tidy, but needed updating. Certainly nothing to keep me away from it. The HVAC system was noisy and did not keep the temperature very steady, we spent the night either too hot or too cold -- very little sleep for either of us. The TV didn't work most of the time we were there, we would have moved rooms but weren't in the room enough to bother with that.Two free computers and printers in the lobby to use for guests were very convenient.Parking is free here, so we were able to leave our car and use public transportation to get around town at $9 for a two day transit pass. Shuttle service was near immediate every time we needed it. They gave us a number to call when we were approaching the train station to let them know you needed picked up.	
Apr 24 2008 	Good value  Midway airport Chicago area	Hotel quite clean, friendly, quiet on backside away from Cicero Blv. Reasonably good restaurant on premises. 24 hr shuttle svc, every 20 min or, if they don't have people scheduled, eg in middle of day, will go right away. Will also take you direct to CTA Midway train station. (This is connected by skybridge to airport terminal, but walk from airport is about a quarter mile, so if you like using pub transit train, have shuttle go direct to train/bus station). Room rates are yield-managed to some extent, but got much better rates than downtown, same chain or other starwood affiliates, and I like to read paper, etc on train to loop area. If you don't want/need to be right in Loop, check it out.	
Jan 28 2008 	Great Stay!	We were in Chicago for one night and stayed at Four Points. I enjoyed the stay! The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The location was nice... it was near a shopping mall and only about 2 1/2 miles from Midway airport. Check in went well and the staff was nice. I booked the room through Priceline for a rate of $74 (taxes/fees included) I would stay here again.	
Jan 3 2008 	Stuck Due To Flight Cancellation	My wife and I were in Chicago and staying at a 4 Pts. downtown (see review). When we arrived at Midway Airport we discovered our flight had been cancelled due to weather. I might add that if the airline would have told us on the phone an hour earlier that our flight was cancelled, we would've never left the downtown area. Anyway, our airline gave us this &quot;distressed traveller&quot; form with a phone number on it. It provided area hotels at a discount. The operator stated that a 4pts. was in the area and was available. Having good luck so far with 4 pts., we decided on this hotel. After making the reservation, we walked outside and the shuttle was standing by for us. The driver was very nice and helpful with our bags. During the drive, he made small talk with us about our weekend. Upon arrival to the hotel, we entered a very small lobby. The desk staff was also very nice and gave us information about the hotel amenities. We then went up to our room. We arrived at the door to our room. It stated &quot;Starwood (something)&quot;. Anyway, we thought the room would be of the same quality of the downtown location. The room was large with a king size bed and a couch with a hide away bed. The problem was that the room either was a former &quot;smoking&quot; room or just really musty. The smell was something we just had to get use to being that most of Midway flights were cancelled causing the rooms to fill up. As for cleanliness, we really did not have any complaints. Everything was very clean in the room, just old. Wanting to check out the area, my wife and I decided to go outside and kill some time. We did go over to the mall next door for a while, however Target, Costco, and other businesses were across a very busy street. If you feel daring enough to cross this street at night during a snowstorm, go ahead. My wife and I just returned to the hotel. We went to the 24 hr cafe in the hotel. There was a very limited menu. We ended up just splitting a club sandwich which was actually pretty good. I guess under the circumstances, the hotel wasn't all that bad. The best way that I can describe it would be &quot;tired&quot;. Everything just seemed old, outdated. It wasn't on the same level as the 4 pts. downtown. Would I stay there again? No.	
Oct 22 2007	Very Nice	Very nice, affordable option for staying in Chicago. Free shuttle to/from MDW and you can catch the Orange line el from there to go downtown. Granted, the downtown Sheratons have the location, but they also cost three or four times as much as this one. Free Internet access (with printers) in lobby for those without laptops. Some reviewers have commented negatively on the neighborhood, but I found nothing wrong with it. The hotel borders a major shopping center. Costco is across the street. Cicero Avenue is lined with new hotels and restaurants. Plenty of options within walking distance.	
Aug 19 2007 	Clean Comfortable 	I had the opportunity to reserve two (2) rooms at the Four Points – Sheraton Chicago Midway on Tuesday, July 31, 2007 for a family funeral. Those in my party were traveling from Minnesota and Wisconsin and needed a hotel for the evening. I looked into many of the properties around the Midway Airport area…where I needed to be (57th &amp; Pulaski) and found the properties either booked OR very expensive for one night…between $200 and $259 per night. Not wanting to spend that much, I chose to go online and see what was available nearby. Just going a few extra blocks past the Midway Centre, I was able to locate the Four Points – Sheraton and got two (2) rooms for about $129 each!The two rooms were very clean and comfortable. The lobby was small but nice and the 24-hour restaurant on site, which my family used to have dinner around 10PM that night, was very good and the service friendly. The beds in the rooms were the standard “high quality” beds you’d find in most Sheraton hotels. While the neighborhood felt safe…it certainly was nothing to look at and I would not recommend this property for a family getaway. The size of the bathroom was small but very clean. After reading some of the negative reviews on Trip Advisor, I was concerned with cleanliness of the bathroom and facility, but following our arrival, I did not observe any poor conditions I had read about in previous reviews. One disappointment was the wireless internet which was extremely weak in my room…while complimentary to guests…I got dropped repeatedly.I felt the rooms were very comfortable for what I was looking for and by driving another mile on Cicero Avenue we saved a great deal of money. I would recommend the Four Points – Sheraton for any business traveler or someone looking for a stay before leaving from Chicago Midway Airport.	
Jul 27 2007 	Beware of cockroaches!	The last night of my stay there was no TV for the entire evening due to a rain storm affecting their satellite dish and then to top off the evening, a large cockroach crawled out of the bathroom sink drain while I was brushing my teeth. Yuk! When I called the front desk, I was told that it was probably just a water bug &amp; it would not hurt me. I encountered another very large cockroach on my shower curtain the next morning so I captured it under a glass in the bathtub to prove that the room had cockroaches. I was given a $30 discount off of my room rate on the last night of my stay and an apology as compensation for the cockroaches! I sent an e-mail to Sheraton and was told that I had been fairly compensated for the problem. I will not be staying there in the future!	
Jun 15 2007 	Worked for us	We stayed here because we needed to fly out of Midway. The hotel is not in an elegant neighborhood and our room overlooked a giant paper company warehouse facing east.Our room was clean, small but fine for 2 of us. A big plus was the computer with printer in the lobby. I had no computer with me and needed to print boarding passes 24 hours before our flight.We swam in the pool and it was clean and refreshing on a hot day. The staff was very respectful and friendly and our room service portions were huge. The ice machine on the 5th floor was broken but everything else worked, including the iron. I usually do not use hotel toiletries because of the frangrance but the ones at this hotel were citrus without being too much. Very nice.We drove to the Museum of Science and Industry from here and it took a long time because of street traffic and lack of freeway availability so plan ahead if you need to go downtown.	
Jun 1 2007 	Nice budget option	We choose to stay at the Four Points Sheraton Midway after trying for a week unsuccessfully to find an affordable hotel option downtown. We've been to Chicago several times and will be moving to the city soon, so we didn't mind sacrificing a couple of days in the city in exchange for saving serious money (we ended up spending $119/night on a weekend when everything downtown was going for at least $250 or more). The hotel actually exceeded my expectations in terms of staff friendliness and overall room quality. The free shuttle to and from the airport is a HUGE bonus (they'll take you there to catch the El as well). We were pleasantly surprised when we arrived at 11 am - they actually already had a room ready for us to check in after being fully booked the night before. All of the staff were pleasant and helpful. There is a decent gym and an outdoor pool if you have kids interested in swimming. Another bonus is that the hotel is right within short walking distance of a large mall and a movie theater, as well as plenty of other stores/shops. The hotel restaurant actually has decent food, and is open 24 hours. The only complaints I have about the experience would be that the free wireless was not strong on all areas of the building (we had to shift in our room to pick up the signal, but we were eventually successful, so I wasn't overly upset). The only other issues were that our tub drained slowly and the room had an under window unit air conditioner, which is just a little annoying because the room does not stay temperature controlled very easily (it’s either on continuously and the room ends up getting pretty cold or you have to turn it completely off). Overall however we had a very pleasant stay and I would recommend this hotel to tourists that are on a budget and have not been able to find affordable options in the city or a business traveler that has business in this area.	
Apr 12 2007 	Great choice if you want to be close to Midway	I've stayed here a couple of times before, the last time in August 2005. It seems as though things have been spruced up a bit since that last stay. Rooms are clean and comfortable with excellent beds and a couch for lounging about. Bathrooms are nice with good amenities, though I found the flourescent lighting a bit harsh. Internet access is free, the wifi signal is strong and access to it is explained well. There's plenty of shopping and restaurants within walking distance, and the hotel restaurant is open 24 hours now. Parking is free, and the shuttle to Midway (airport or the CTA station) is a good option in case you're without a car. Best of all, from what I've seen in online searches, the Four Points is usually cheaper than any of the other Midway-area hotels, even the Sleep Inn in the Midway hotel center. All in all, you can't go wrong here.	
Nov 15 2006	Worked out just fine for me	This hotel is actually quite pleasant inside. It was much nicer than I expected based upon some of the reviews. I got a very good rate on the room. It's across the street from a bunch of big box retail stores. If you want a hotel in a nice or convenient neighborhood, I recommend that you consider staying downtown or somewhere near the lake. There area surrounding Midway just isn't that nice in general. On the whole, I've enjoyed my stay here on business and would come back. The waitress on the night shift (I had breakfast at 5 AM) was very nice.	
Nov 6 2006 	Some problems...	I stayed at the Four Points Sheraton on a Friday night in November. I was making a quick trip to Chicago from Cleveland to see my college kid's play and flying back the next morning. I checked in at about 6:00 pm. The girl at the front desk talked to her friend on the phone the whole time she was checking me in. It was irritating because I kept having to interupt to ask questions like, &quot;What time is the shuttle in the morning?&quot;. My room was clean and roomy but certainly not soundproof. Everytime someone walked down the hall, I heard their footsteps and any voices. There was someone's room service dishes and left over food outside my door when I arrived. It was still there when I went to check out at 8:00 am the next morning. After I checked out, I used the lobby restroom while waiting for the shuttle. It had obviously not been cleaned since the night before's banquet. There were overflowing garage cans, beer and pop cans all over etc. You can do better and probably cheaper near Midway. But the sweet man who drove the shuttle to the airport made my day with his kindness and humor.	
Sep 12 2006 	A pleasant surprise	Great location five minutes south of the airport. Large comfortable room with nice amenities. Costco across the street for gas 25cents less than other local stations. Nice lounge with pasta and sliced beef appetizers on a Friday night. Staff courteous and two public computers in the lobby were a nice touch.	
May 23 2006	Can't go wrong with Four Points Midway	No too far from Midway. Non-descript hotel from the outside, but beautiful on the inside. We loved our room - great beds, fantastic feather pillows. They provided a hypoallergenic pillow to a member of our party who is allegic to feathers. Pleasant and fast check-in and check-out. Nice workout facility. We really enjoyed our stay and wished it was for more than 1 night. Will definitely stay again.	
Nov 15 2005	bad experience	ok DO NOT stay here like we did to save money if you are planning a trip to dwntwn chicago. the front desk staff told me #1 it was in a &quot;good area and safe&quot; and it was &quot;20 min&quot; from dwntwn by train. No and no. horrible area and we were afraid for our lives a few times. it is a 45 min subway ride to dwntwn. sooo far. took up half our 2 day trip on the subway. the front desk staff is useless! they barely spoke english and could not answer any questions we had. we needed help finding a church on sunday and they were of no help and gave us wrong directions and we got lost! the day we checked out the guy stood there with a drink in his hand while checking me out! so unprofessional. rooms were nice but not really clean, shower had hair in it. this hotel is not like sheratons I have been at! if you are staying 1 day with a layover at the airport I guess it is ok but dont plan to go dwntwn...45 min with having to change trains and the area is very unsafe!!	
Aug 29 2005 	Convenient clean comfortable	Had a reservation farther south on Cicero, at the Hilton, but saw this hotel in time to switch over due to its convenient location. As walk-in, I got a $109 walk-in rate - manager told me the rooms are usually $150/nite. I was so tired I could have slept in a spare tire, but this place was really pretty nice. Clean, for sure. Furnishings looked clean and well-maintained. Bed was very comfy. Had a love seat and desk. Clock radio was IMPOSSIBLE to work (no labels on any of the buttons). Bathroom was VERY compact (could barely open and close the door without hiting something) and the shower was one of those water-saver heads, but it got the job done. Luckily, I wasn't decor-shopping on this trip. A nice touch: hotel has two Internet-enabled PCs in the lobby; I love being able to check my email without having to wrangle my laptop!  Also, the restaurant is nothing fancy to look at but the food was GREAT! I had a chicken and fresh vegetables with a light white wine sauce that was very, very good and (even!) was garnished beautifully. Came with a &quot;salad bar&quot; that offered several types of past-prime salads including tuna and maccaroni, but I made a decent tossed salad with a very nice balsamic vinagrette. And I got two hot rolls. I think it cost about $15.  Tip: Beware the nice-to-me-but-critical-and-caustic-to-his-employees manager. Twice, in conversation with me he made comments that I KNOW would have curled my toes had I been the employee standing next to him instead of the customer. I felt sorry for them.	
May 18 2005	Happy With Our Stay	I looked hard for lodgings near Midway Airport for a great price and had trouble finding anything. We bid and received a fabulous price online, less than half of what we would have had to pay. Receiving such a fabulous price I was concerned about cleanliness and condition of the hotel and property. I was happy to see though an older building the place was clean and well maintained/updated. The condition of the property for the price, the location near the airport, free parking, free shuttle to airport to fly or to catch train down town and availability of shopping made us very happy. We arrived late and the staff already had keys ready for us. We had a room on the fourth floor. The rooms furnishings and bedding and towels were in great condition. Toiletries were Pantene Pro-v: shampoo and two conditioners. Also left us a shoe shine cloth and bar soap.We asked and were permitted to check out an hour late.Another review said free wireless didn't work in all rooms. I would call ahead to request this in advance if this is important to you. FYI there is a nice sitting area in lobby across from the front desk where you could make an attempt at using the wireless. Other reviewers said there was a computer in lobby for $1 a minute and a fitness room with updated exercise equipment.They have a complimentary 24 hour airport shuttle to midway. From there you could catch a train into the city for $1.75. For another quater you can transfer two more times as long as it is not on the original route. It is $2 to park your car where you catch the train if you don't take the shuttle to the airport and walk to the train.There was a convenient ice machine on our floor. There was a complimentary bottle of water left in our room. Cable TV gave us selection of more than network TV.They have an outdoor pool which we didn't take a look at as it is seasonal and when we asked they told us it wasn't open for the season yet.I love the convenience of shopping nearby. We travel with a collapsible 24 pack soft collapsible soda cooler or a full size cooler on wheels so we can afford another trip! The hotel is next to Ford City Mall. Across the street is Costco, a membership wholesale wharehouse where we went to get gas and pizza for a couple of bucks per slice. We also went to the Walmart nearby. Walmart doesn't have a full grocery section but you can get all of the basics as the selection is more than chips and soda. Also nearby is Cub Foods another wonderful grocery VERY affordable prices, a Target, Home Depot. Really there is everything nearby you could need.	
Dec 7 2004 	Convienient to Midway Restaraunt Food Not that Great	Stayed here on buisness a few days before Thanksgiving. The hotel is in a great location if you are flying in and out of Midway. I was traveling home on Wed before Thanksgiving. Was able to get to the airport, drop off rental car, check in, and get through security within 45 min of walking out of hotel room. Keep in mind this was the busiest travel day of the year.Hotel was clean, they had free wireless internet which was great.The room service was fast, but the food was not that great. I had (3) meals there (1) breakfast and (2) dinners. If I wasn't geting triple Starwood Points for the food bils, I would have eaten at the Olive Garden across the street. The food was much like a Denny's.They did have a very nice workout room with all new equipment.I would stay here again for convienience sake, but never for leisure purposes.	
Oct 18 2004	Room so - so... service wow	I stayed at the 4 Points Sheraton near Midway airport on October 8, 2004. We called for the free shuttle and were picked up quickly by an incredible older gentleman, I believe his name was Jeff. He was so very helpful. He showed us on a map where to catch the train into the city. He left a great impression. Our room wasn't so great... mold around the tub and not the cleanest room... but for $80 in Chicago that is bearable. Room service was shortstaffed but Michael was kind and courteous. He recommended the Sunday brunch. It was ok... but the highlight was when Michael seranaded us. What a voice. I would probably stay there again. It's easy to get into the city and their free airport shuttle was great.	
Oct 13 2004	below average service from what is normally a wonderful chain	We booked because we thought hey the people who own the a very lucrative hotel, own this too. How bad could it be.They had 45 minutes worth of problems during our check-in, even though we showed them the our online printed reciept showing promotional rate and proof of purchase.Asked manager to call our room in AM, he did not .Housekeeping did a below average job of cleaning room. some nice things: Computer in lobby. $1 per min but good for finding and printing off driving directions. Also Free Parking. Has a pool, albeit a very very small pool. I would never recommend this place.	
Oct 12 2004	Has seen better days.	This is not really a bad place--the rooms are fairly spacious and have a sofa which is nice. There is a mall next door and you can get meals from their food court to save $$. The problem is that the place needs updating. Also, my bathroom had hair all over it (not mine), and there was a fair amount of dust on parts of the furniture. There are about 5 other more modern hotels just a few blocks away--they would probably be a better choice. Still, this is light years better than the truly dreadful Four Points Sheraton O'Hare. This will be my last Four Points Sheraton--they don't offer a consistent, quality product.	
Apr 5 2004	Not Sheraton quality!	Stayed here on March 31, 2004. The hotel is beginning to show its age. The rooms were clean but small for other Sheraton Hotels I have stayed in. What disappointed me most was the staff. None of them smiled, and they seemed like it was a lot of trouble to answer your questions. I got more help from the lady in the snack shop located in the lobby and a nice maid walking in the hallway. Don't be fooled by their &quot;wireless&quot; services for laptops. It does not work in all rooms of the hotel. On my next trip to Chicago, I will choose one of the many other hotels.	
Feb 18 2004	Pleasantly surprised	Hotel is a little old compare to the new ones nearby. Room is clean and pretty standard. What surprised us was the good service and a first class restaurant. Lots of airline personels stay here.	
