	Great Hotel	There was a large conference in town and had to get a hotel at the last minute. Used priceline and won the hotel for a great price. The room I got had a kitchenette and was nicely sized, larger than what I was expecting. The rooms were very much updated and in style, clean and overall very good. I would definitely stay here again.	
	Great hotel great view	We had an upper floor with a great view. Room was clean, nice and quiet. Only three rooms on the floor. Free water was great as was the free internet. Good security. We really loved it.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great location great price	Club Quarters on Wacker Drive would be my first choice on a return visit to Chicago. The hotel is really well located. The bus stop for the trolley tour is literally straight across the road and if you want to take a river boat tour (which I would highly recommend), you simply have to go down the steps to the river from there. It's right on the magnificent mile so you don't have to walk too far with heavy shopping bags. I booked this hotel very late (about a week before my planned trip) and while all the other hotels were extortionately expensive, this one was not nearly as bad (relatively speaking). The hotel has valet parking which costs around $26 a night, if I recall correctly. I booked the smallest available room which I think was the club size room. This room is quite small but by no means the smallest hotel room I have ever stayed in. In fact, it was definitely just the right size for me. I was only travelling with an overnight bag and I think if I had a large suitcase, the room might have been too small. I would recommend that a couple travelling with 2 suitcases take a larger room. The room was immaculately clean and the bed was so comfortable. I can honestly say I've never had such a good night's sleep in a hotel. Considering the location, I was expecting the room to be noisy but I had no problems whatsoever in that regard. There are open access computers in the lobby and there are even printing facilities there so that people can check-in for flights online and print their boarding cards. Overall, I was really happy with my choice of this hotel and there is no question about where I will be staying when I go back to Chicago.	
Oct 8 2009 	Unexpectedly Great Hotel	Upon arrival we were given a free upgrade to a suite. The rooms were spacious and comfortable. For the price we paid you couldn't beat the value and location. I would definitely recommend to a friend!	
Oct 6 2009 	Not nearly as wretched as expected	This place could have been a lot worse - I needed a room in the neighborhood at the last minute, and was certain I'd be sleeping amongst the denziens of Chicago's homeless. The check in experience is pretty spartan - it's automated, parking is a joke, and the elevator situation is comical it's so difficult. The rooms are really tiny, but newly renovated, and actually pretty cool. Somewhat European in design and overall economy. The location is pretty cool, and believe it or not, this hotel snob would actually stay there again. It stops just short of &quot;I'd take my wife there&quot; but it's ok in a pinch.Give it a shot if everything else is taken.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great place	We booked this on priceline. If you read lnphantom's review, it sounds like they booked on priceline too. Priceline gets you one room with a bed, if you want to fit four in a room don't be a cheap..... and put two people in two rooms. We booked on priceline and would love to stay here again. We stayed at the Intercontinental last month, and I have to say despite the smaller rooms i would prefer club quarters over them. The rooms are very quiet and clean. The location is great, just a short walk from the L and half block from Michigan. They let you have free bottled water. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms are small, but hey, when I am in Chicago i only sleep in them anyway. I slept very good while there.  The free use of the computers is very helpful also. You can check in and print off your flight passes. There are some nice eating places nearby. Give them a try but don't expect a huge room. It is more of the European sized room.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great hotel - know what you get with Club Quarters	I really enjoyed my stay at Club Quarters. It was no Sheraton which is down 2 blocks down and gorgeous decor, but they Club Quarters was functional, clean, and they did not nickel and dime you like larger hotel chains.I checked in via a computer (with staff helping me) and it was very easy. There were upgrades avail to go to a suite level for $15 but I stuck to my simple room. It was small. Good enough for one person. The room had a large shower with shower curtain - no tub. They had free internet in the rooms and brought me an ethernet cord for my laptop whose wireless card is not very good. They have a filtered water system in the hallways and empty waterbottles for every guest to help themselves. Usually internet is $10-$15 a day and water is $5 - $7 a bottle. I just really like how this hotel included it all for free! I did not check out the gym, but know it was included as well as a lounge and business area.Great location off of N Wacker.For business travelers I highly reccommend. If you are going to Chicago for vacation, I would get a larger room.For the price you pay, I was very impressed with the Club Quarters and will stay at this location again.	
Aug 25 2009 	Club Quarters Wacker Dr Chgo---Great Value Great Security	Recently stayed 7 nights @ Club Quarters on Wacker Dr in Chicago.Beautiful Views &amp; Great Location Yes the rooms are small but very clean, the staff was extremely friendly, the security was great and the convenience of guest amenities (free water, ironing board, coffee supplies) was abundant and easy to access. Did experience Internet problems but it was fixed. Fantastic views of Trump Tower &amp; Marina City and the Chicago River.Easy access to all public transportation and easy walking distance to many of the cities best features. Would definitely stay there again.	
Aug 25 2009 	Poor Service	We booked a double in order to share rooms. When checking in however, we were given a queen and had to go down to the lobby again to complain for getting what we had ordered. The staff was not particularly helpful (asking why we could not sleep together in the queen) but in the end gave us a double. Just a side note: they did not mention the 15$ surcharge for the second person until we checked out. The room was pretty standard, nice but a little small. We had a very nice view over the river. What was particularly cool is that they offer filtered water on each floor.Service however was really poor. Towels were not replaced, soap and shower gel had to be ordered on the phone because not even empty bottles were replaced by the staff. There is a complimentary laundry (washing machine and dryer) in the basement. However, there was no detergent. After calling the reception and asking for some, the promised it right away. It took us about an hour to get the detergent in the end.The last thing was the internet. There is wifi in the rooms but it is so incredibly slow and unreliable that we could not really use it at all. A plus though is the fact that it is possible to print documents from your laptop for free.	
Aug 17 2009 	Very disappointing	We booked a room for a week at the Club Quarters at Wacker and Michigan - it was the designated hotel for a wedding we were attending.We booked a studio with queen bed and kitchenette with the intent of saving money by preparing our own breakfasts and lunches. We arrived and we told we would have a nice view of the Chicago River. We got to our room and found a view of the office building next door. Our bed was double instead of queen and the kitchenette was a tiny microwave, sink and bar fridge situated right outside the bathroom and along the hallway so that you were right in everyone's way. The room was small and cramped and there was no space to eat. So much for prepping our own meals. We called and asked if we could be moved to a larger suite and were told they were all booked. The bath was only a 3-piece, which was not advertised on the website. The staff kept forgetting to stock us with clean towels and toilet paper, and we had to call down to the front desk for them.The free wifi only worked 50% of the time - a real problem if we'd been travelling for business.All in all, our stay there was not worth the rate we paid and we will not stay there again or recommend it to anyone else.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great hotel for the price	We found this hotel to be a great choice if you don't want to spend $$$ for staying in an upscale hotel. The location is perfect. In fact, it couldn't be better. The hotel is located on the river, across from Wrigley building. The hotel is in a nice building, constructed in 1920's. Staff is very professional and friendly. Rooms are not fancy, but clean and are far from basic. My wife enjoyed down duvet.Free bottles of filtered water is a nice touch.Ask for the rooms with river view. It's amazing.	
Jul 14 2009 	Completely Unacceptable!!!	My husband (then fiance) and I spent a weekend in Chicago with some friends. We booked a hotel on a third party website where you do not find out what hotel you booked until after it is booked. We had never been to Club Quarters, and after our terrible experience, we will NEVER be back!!!My husband called the hotel several times at least a week before we arrived to make sure our room could accommodate four people. He was assured that it could. Once we arrived, we were told that four people in our room would violate fire code, so we were being moved to a larger room. We were then made to pay extra for this &quot;upgrade.&quot; The RoomThis was one of the worst rooms I have ever stayed in, and I have stayed in some holes. The room was clean, but that was the only positive thing about it. The room contained one bed that would probably be too small for a 12 year old boy. The mattress was rock hard, and the blanket was thinner than Kate Moss. My husband and I took the bed (more of a sacrifice than a privilege!), and our friend slept on the sleeper sofa. It was extremely dangerous, for it would spontaneously fold up and its springs poked through the barely there mattress. We asked for a rollaway mattress for my friend's sister, but there was not enough room for it. We did use the mattress from it to try to make the sleeper sofa more comfortable, but it did little to no good. My friend's sister ended up sleeping UNDER THE DESK on an air mattress we had (the most comfortable thing in the room!) The room was incredibly small, so we had to literally jump from mattress to mattress to get to the bathroom. Speaking of the bathroom, the door did not lock, the shower curtain was useless, it had no exhaust fan, and there was no bathtub (we were desperate enough to sleep in the bathtub had there been one). The room did have a television, but the picture was always fuzzy, and we had to mess with the cable in order to get any channels. The StaffThe staff is what made our stay go from a bad dream to a nightmare. I do not think anyone who works at the hotel is capable intelligence. The staff was EXTREMELY rude and confrontational, blaming US for the hotel's incompetence. We asked repeatedly to speak to a manager, and we were always given the run a round. After one night, we wanted to leave, but we were told we could not get a refund unless we talked to the person who does the reservations for the hotel...IN NEW YORK!!!! We called this person in New York repeatedly who was also rude. In order to get a refund, we would have had to hire a lawyer. The LiesThe staff lied to us repeatedly. When we complained about our room, we were told we would be moved to a new room. This never happened. We asked for extra blankets and pillows, and we were told the staff would bring us some. This never happened. We called at least three times before being told the hotel had run out of blankets and pillows. The same thing happened when we asked for more towels (there was only ONE set of towels in the room). Other IssuesThere were only 2 elevators, so we had to wait a LONG time to get anywhere. Our room key also worked sometimes and did not work at other times. OverallThis was one of the worst experiences I have ever had. Not only was the room terrible, but the staff seemed to take pleasure in our discomfort. They should all be fired. I travel a lot, and I am a very laid back person who rarely complains, but the truth must be told about Club Quarters in Chicago. The word on the trash cans in the hall sums up this hotel...RUBBISH!!!!!	
Jul 14 2009 	Great hotel great location	Had read some less than favourable reviews so was concerned about the hotel. However, it was wonderful. I was in a corner room on the 23rd floor, great view of the river. The rooms are small but not tiny, perfectly fine for one or two people. The bed was extremely comfortable, updated bathroom, mini-fridge and microwave, heard no noise from other rooms, free wi-fi - I didn't have my laptop so I don't know what the connection was like. There are two PCs with a printer in the Lobby area that you can use for free. The staff were friendly and very helpful. On each floor is a water dispenser with bottles so you don't have to pay for overpriced bottled water from the 7-11. We ate in the hotel restaurant one night and the food and service were excellent. The location is great, right on the river, close to Michigan Ave, within walking distance of so much. We didn't realise that the city bus [$2.25] to the Science &amp; Industry Museum stops right by the hotel, we paid for a taxi because it was raining the one day but came back on the bus.	
