Aug 16 2009 	Will stay again	We stopped by Chicago on our road trip with 4 kids from Toronto to Minnesota (oldest child=6 years old). This is a great property that is relatively new (within 2 years). It is located in a campus of Marriott hotels. There is a TGI Fridays within walking distance and Giordano's (famous for their Chicago deep dish pizza) within driving distance - that's pretty much it. The pool is very nice and the rooms are typical residence inn. If you have never stayed here, the one bedroom is the same size as a studio with a wall. Breakfast was great with a waffle maker, fruit loops, fruit, oatmeal, muffins, eggs, coffee - enough to feed the little kids and the parents. Customer service was wonderful and extremely friendly. My only drawback was that there were NO IN-ROOM MOVIES AVAILABLE for the kids. They were a little bored with just a swimming pool. Fitness facility is pretty basic with treadmill and bicycle - small but clean.	
Jun 17 2009 	Free Beer	Yes. They serve free beer, wine, drinks, and light dinner from 6:00pm - 7:30pm. Friendly staff. Very comfortable rooms. Quiet. Free internet. Great breakfast. When staying near Midway, this is the place to be. Shuttle service to the airport is available.We stayed on a Wednesday night in June, in a king room on the 5th floor.	
Feb 5 2009 	Loved this hotel!	My hotel experience at the Residence Inn Midway was fantastic! The staff is the friendliest I have ever encountered - and I travel ALOT. The hotel is clean, spacious, and inviting. During my three week stay at this hotel, I felt right at home and was very happy. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone coming to the Chicago area!	
Jan 16 2009 	EXCELLENT experience - Highly recommend!	I usually book stays at a Residence Inn if I'm traveling for work for more than 3 days. From the moment I stepped in to the shuttle to the day that I left, my experience at this particular Res Inn was fantastic. The front desk staff (especially Sharon and Griselda) were incredibly accommodating and always welcomed me with a smile and some small talk. My lodging included a full breakfast every morning and a heavy hors d'ouerves reception at night. The rooms were also clean and spacious. Given that the hotel is relatively new, everything looked great. The hotel itself is conveniently located in the &quot;Midway Hotel Center&quot; which includes several other major hotels (Marriotts, Holiday Inn, etc.), a TGI Friday's, a sports bar, an Irish pub, and a Starbucks. Midway airport is less than 5 minutes away. Advocate Christ Medical Center and several major department chains are within a 10-minute cab ride or drive.	
