	Location was right.	The hotel is a solid average. Nothing seriously wrong. The accomodations were comfortable and better than adequate. The hotel was clean although the smoking rooms were smelly. (We were booked in a smoking room by mistake and asked to be moved to a nonsmoking room). No pool, but there is a cute jacuzzi area which was nice after a day of walking around the city. The exercise room consists of a small area with three pieces of equipment. The staff here was outstanding. EVERYONE always had a smile on and they seemed genuinely eager to great the guests. The front desk was very helpful and accomodating and eager to help with any problems or needs. It would be an average adequate place except for the location which, for us, was everything. The hotel is a short walk from N Halsted which is the center of Boystown and all of its nightlife. We stayed over halloween and it was only a short walk to the parade. We hit some of the nightclubs too and it was nice not to have to drive or take the train to get back. We will definitely stay here again simply for the location and service.	
Nov 23 2009 	Gem in Chicago	I have stayed at Hawthorne Terrace twice...eight years apart. The first tine I stayed there (quite by happenstance) was in 2000. I could never forget how at home I felt in that little hotel, and how great the staff were. Eight years later when a friend suggested returning to Chicago, I jumped at the chance to stay at this hotel again. It was every bit as wonderful as I'd remembered. The rooms are cozy and clean. The hotel boasts a lovely - you guessed it - terrace, not to mention a fabulous hot tub and sauna. The staff are personable and helpful. The location is also prime. It is in &quot;Boystown,&quot; which translates into great restaurants and shops, an active nightlife and attractive, trendy homes. It is approximately 3 blocks from the beach (Lake Michigan) and very close to Wrigley Field. The price is also reasonable and it is part of the Best Western chain (not that you'd ever know it was part of a chain) so there are frequently room deals. I love it! I'd move in if I could!!	
Oct 21 2009 	Absolutely delightful	We had booked a standard room, but were upgraded to a suite in their new building next door to the main hotel--very nice! Like an upscale studio apartment in a lovingly restored vintage building. Stylish and immaculate bathroom and kitchenette, hardwood floors, comfy couch and new bigscreen TV. Loved it. Staff were so nice. And cinnamon rolls from Ann Sather for breakfast--yum!	
Oct 15 2009 	Loved it!	We stayed here the weekend of the Marathon weekend so the only reason I would not give this a 10/10 was the price was pretty inflated...but so was every hotel in the city and surrounds of Chicago.We stayed in a King Suite for two nights and wow, what a beautiful room we had. Large living area, separate kitchen and very big bathroom with double sinks. The shower was a highlight, it had a rain-shower head. Large flat screen TV, very modern decor with clean lines. It had character too; older hard wood floors and curved entry-ways into the bedroom. Great bed.I honestly was not expecting such a beautiful room being a Best Western brand, but we were very impressed. The gardens and outside of the hotel are so charming too. Great area of Chicago, ideal for Cubs fans or for visitors visiting friends and family who live north of the city. Would most definitely recommend to friends and stay again if the opportunity arose.	
Oct 4 2009 	Great location in Wrigleyville/Boystown	I stayed at the Hawthorne Terrace on a visit to Chicago to see some baseball and be a tourist. The location is excellent. The hotel is located about a 10-15 minute walk from Wrigley Field and is probably the closest hotel. It is located in the gay district of Chicago, though the gay bars are mostly on Halstead Street a short walk away. The Addision Street Red Line station is located next to Wrigley Field so it's reasonably close to public transportation. From O'Hare, I took the Blue Line and transferred to the 152 Addision bus, got off on Broadway, and walked a couple of blocks to the hotel. If you do drive be aware that it's $22/day to park in the lot next door. There are plenty of restaurants nearby and a Treasure Island gourmet grocery store next door and a Jewel-Osco a block away. Vegetarians should check out the Chicago Diner on Halstead and Roscoe.When I arrived their computers were down and it took about 20 minutes before I could check in but it was fast once things came back up. If you arrive at the hotel after 11:00 pm you have to use the phone in the vestibule to call the front desk staffer, who can see you through the door, or show your key for them to let you in. My room was a queen way at the back of the hotel (literally; my window looked into the courtyard of the apartment building behind the hotel) on the 4th floor. It was a small room but perfect for one person. The bathroom was big and bright and the bed had 5 pillows. There's a fridge, microwave, and coffee maker in the room and a safe that will fit a standard size laptop. My only complaint about the room setup is that it's not possible to watch TV from the bed because of where it's positioned. This may be unique to the queen rooms, though. One piece of advice: I've never seen a hotel with slower housekeeping staff. I went to a Cubs game and got back at 4:00 pm and my room still wasn't made up. They were working on the room across the hall so I just gave them my trash since I didn't really need fresh towels after one night. On future mornings I put the &quot;housekeeping please&quot; sign on the doorknob and it was done before I came back. I did hear them working on rooms as late as 5:00 pm which seems rather slow when there were only 17 rooms on the floor.The continental breakfast is another weakness. It was instant oatmeal, pastries, yogurt, and hard boiled eggs. I've stayed at many Best Westerns and other mid-price chains and this was probably the least substantial breakfast I've ever seen. There is also no dedicated breakfast room...you can eat in the lobby, on the patio, or back in your room.Despite these minor complaints, I would certainly stay here again.	
Sep 27 2009 	Good hotel for Wrigleyville area. Clean all the basics.	A fine hotel for the Wrigleyville area...tons of restaurants, close to Lakeshore Dr. Our 4th floor room was quiet, clean. Nice hotel facade and cute garden area in the front. Only negative (as is true for many hotels) was bad bathroom lighting for ladies who want to apply makeup. Parking is next door ($20). I would definitely return.	
Aug 3 2009 	Central Location	The strongest point about this hotel is its location. It shares Broadway with many restaurants and cafes. Nearby Clark Street has a bustling nightlife with many clubs and bars. Wriggly Field is nearby for the baseball fan. Holstead had a special market day when I was there. That said, it has all the complimentary items such as wi-fi, breakfast, and water by the bed. All this and cheaper than hotels in downtown so I would definitely stay again.	
Jul 28 2009 	Perfect Location for the gay traveler	This location is PERFECT for the gay traveller. I am in chicago a lot for fun and work. When I go for fun or if I decide to spend the weekend after being there for work I always tray to stay there. It is only a few blocks from the red line Addison stop and right beside a grocery store and the bars are only about a 2 minute walk.The hottub is very nice and very powerful.The staff, especially Mike and Dan, are always friendly and helpful. The rooms are decent size and all have safes, fridges and microwaves.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Location. Nice Hotel. Great Staff	This hotel is very well situated in &quot;boystown,&quot; for those looking for LGBT nightlife. It's listed as a boutique hotel--not quite sure how accurate that is, but it is a very nice place. The staff were great--very helpful and friendly. Thumbs up all around.	
Apr 22 2009 	Just lovely	Ok I want to end this review off on a good note so I am going to list what I did not like. The decor of the room. The room had that nasty green BW carpet, the wall paper looked like something from the waiting area of an Old Country Buffet, the internet (wireless) was very spotty and dropped quite a few times, the safe did not fit my laptop, the contraption that help the tv was in faced west and the bed was facing north south so one could not lay in bed and watch tv. That is all the negative that I have to say about the hotel. I was located in room 215. This is on the second floor all the way down the hall going east. The room was quite roomy for two people and if I do say so bigger then what I am used to for hotel rooms that I've had lately. Not a complaint just an observation. I found the staff to be casual and very nice. I didn't feel I couldn't ask them for directions and what not if needed. To the north there is a Treasure Island (a Euro grocery store which kicks azz!), there is also a 24 hr Jewell grocery store. Go to the south a few blocks and there is a Walgreens. Location wise at least for me this is a great place! My favorite coffee place Intelligentsia is only a few blocks, the red line for the EL is also a short walk to either the Addison or Belmont stop. I got a really great rate on this hotel about 92 usd a night. Rates for this hotel being so close to Wrigley can go up to 200 usd a night so do your research and don't be afraid to ask for a sighs lower rate. That is what I did and got 10% knocked off that. Oh SNAP! I almost forgot the best thing about this hotel. THE PILLOWS!!!!! OMG!!!!! I rarely if ever go right to sleep when my head hits the pillow. I am usually still laying there 30 or so mins later but not staying here. I was out in prob 5-10 mins at the most. I plan on hoping on shopbestwestern.com and getting me some of those magical pillows. They are better then the 4 or 5 star hotels I've stayed at!	
Oct 27 2008 	Unpretentious spacious pleasant	Excellent location, small but pleasant private courtyard, low-end and somewhat run-down interiors, but quiet, clean, and comfortable. The room I had was enormous and had big, bright windows that could be completely darkened with shades at your preference. Reasonably priced, close to lakefront, surrounded by restaurants, shops, etc. Easy access to anything and yet surprisingly peaceful. No complaints.	
Sep 21 2008 	No Umbrellas!	The other reviews here are all correct - this is a nicely located hotel with overall friendly staff. Decor is ok. Check-in and check-out were both quick and easy. The included breakfast buffet is really weak, but Ann Sathers across the street is amazing so no need to eat at the hotel anyway. We stayed three days/nights, including the single rainiest day in Chicago's history. I took it for granted that a hotel that bills itself as an &quot;elegant boutique hotel&quot; would have umbrellas for guests to use. Our bill averaged over $300/night with taxes - for that money I would definitely expect some umbrellas sitting near the main door or in the room. Nope. Not a single one. I had to run down the street in the pouring rain with my 11-month-old to get a cheap one at a local store. And here is my other hotel-related rain complaint. The ramp that comes into the hotel is fully visible to the front desk staff. It's curvy and takes a little while to navigate with a stroller or the luggage cart. There were numerous times when I was trying to navigate a stroller with one hand while carrying an umbrella with the other hand. Approaching the lobby door, the 2-3 otherwise unoccupied people at the front desk would be watching this. Never once did one of them come around to help with the door. It wasn't just me - they never helped with the door with anyone else either - old people, people loaded down with luggage, etc.... NOT what I would expect for $300+ a night. So would I stay here again? Maybe, based on location. Definitely not, based on overall service for the price you pay.	
Aug 10 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	My husband and I stayed at the Hawthorne Best Western from Aug. 3-6. The hotel is lovely and in an ideal location. We had a short walk to Wriggley Field as well as to many good restaurants. The hotel is also situated near the Red Line train which we used to attend a White Sox game.(direct- no need to transfer). We were at the Hawthorne during the storm/tornado on Aug. 4th. The hotel was without power for about 17 hours. The staff remained calm and tried to make us as comfortable as possible. The front desk personnel were very friendly and willing to help us plan excursions around the city. I would highly recommend staying at the Hawthorne Best Western!	
Jul 7 2008 	Superb!	Superb accommodations! Excellent staff, rooms, location, service. Quaint and charming hotel in Wrigleyville with a short walk to Wrigley. We took in two Cubs games and walked each time. Very convenient. Son wanted players autographs so we walked to the players parking lot at 9:00 a.m. for the night game. Players are up close and personal. My son was pleased with gettng the autographs. Continental breakfast includes delicious cinnamon rolls from local bakery/cafe. Rooms are spacious and very clean and comfortable. Parking right next door with free in/out service is convenient as well. Try the Tuscany restaurant on Clark St. serving northern Italian cuisine at a reasonable price. We sat outside on the patio with a garden atmosphere. Service was a little slow but the entrees were impecable. We took a cab for as little as $4.00. Hotel will call the cab for you directly out the front door! I highly recommend this hotel if you are going to the Cubs games. It is a higher priced hotel but well worth it!	
Jul 2 2008 	Fantastic!	After years of driving into Chicago from the suburbs for the Pride Parade my partner and I decided this year to book a room along the parade route. The Best Western Hawthorne Terrace was the perfect choice. We had long know of this property, watching it being built about 10 or so years ago, but had never stayed here.The hotel is perfectly located in Lakeview just to the east of Wrigleyville with ease of access to Wrigley Field for a Cubs game, and is located right in the middle of Chicago's famed Boy's Town. Surrounded by loads of night life and numerous really good restaurants, (make sure you go to Ann Sather and order the cinnamon rolls!) you'll find it extremely simple to locate - surrounded by Lake Shore Drive to the east, the Brown Line &quot;L&quot; to the west and Red Line &quot;L&quot; to the north.The rooms are a bit kitsch in decor with a mixed country-Victorian style, but they are spacious, comfortable and clean and include a small fridge and microwave. The bathrooms are roomy and spotless! The staff are more than accommodating and have great restaurant suggestions.Whether you're attending a Cubs game or a gay night out in Boy's Town or attending Chicago's annual Pride Parade we're sure you'll be pleased with the Hawthorne. We were!	
Jun 1 2008 	Dependable as a labrador	The Hawthorne Terrace is a Lakeview stalwart - always been there, the same crappy kitsch decor, but just the greatest place to stay in this part of Chicago. The staff are friendly, the rooms are nice (but the decor! please!) and the beds are comfortable. I have stayed here countless times on trips to Chicago and always return, so they must be getting something right. The location is what really makes this place stand out though, it's quiet, well located for all the bars, and you don't dread going back there in the evening.It's a basic place but ticks all the right boxes and better than every single one of the local alternatives. If you can't get into this place, from experience I would recommend Willows on West Surf which is also fine and a little furthe south just off N. Broadway. City Suites on Belmont is also fine but make sure you ask for a room away from the red line El which runs all night.	
May 20 2008 	Will return again and again	I have now stayed at this hotel 3 times for business. It is in a beautiful neighborhood in Chicago - Lakeside, with multiple restaurants, shops and services immediately available. There is a treasure island grocery store (with wine shop) next door, which sells gourmet foods as well as the standard stuff. Nearly directly across the street is Ann Sathers restaurant, famous for its cinnamon buns, but with excellent quality food for lunch and breakfast. There are numerous ethnic themed restaurants nearby. The hotel itself is clean, nicely maintained, and quiet. There is no view to speak of, given that is in a city location, but the rooms are generously sized and have excellent amenities (large bathroooms, small fridge, TV with DVD, sitting areas in most rooms.) It is definately a boutique hotel, a bit off the beaten path as far as the downtown hotels are concerned, but I plan to stay here whenever traveling to Chicago - I did live in the Chicago area for 4 years, so I do know the city fairly well. Does not have a restaurant, but does not need one. Many many restaurants locally will deliver. Pricing is also not bad, considering the amenities and the quiet, safe neighborhood. Parking is available at a price, in the garage next door - you must call ahead or plan to wait for your car, as it is not a self park. You can however go in/out multiple times for the same price. Street parking is extremely limited.	
Nov 21 2007 	The Best Best Western.. Ever	I cannot say enough nice things about this hotel, we loved it. The hotel is probably the best hotel deal in Chicago. My husband and I booked this hotel for our very first time in Chicago. We chose it because of the proximity to our evening entertainment, but also partly based on the positive reviews on trip advisor. I was not let down. The hotel is in a great location close to restaurants, cafes and shops. Some of our favorites include the Goose Island brewery and the Chicago Diner both within walking distance of the hotel. The hotel staff was very friendly and knowledgeable about the surrounding area. The hotel itself was smaller than most hotels in the area and beautifully maintained. My only complaint about the hotel is that they do not have a computer for guest work, however given the proximity to many internet cafes it is not such a big deal.	
Oct 25 2007 	comfortable stay	We spent three days here while visiting my daughter who lives nearby. We were pleasantly surprised by how nice things were.We booked a junior suite, which was rather spacious and included a microwave and frig. The room was very clean andthe bath seemed newly redone. There was no view and thehallway on the third floor had a weird odor but those were our only complaints.The breakfast bar had cereal, hard boiled eggs, jumbo muffins,fruit, toasting breads, juice ,tea and coffee. It was located in a small area and would get busy on occasion. We had breakfastone day at M Henry's in the Edgewater-Andersonville area. It is not to be missed.We parked in the lot next door which was convenient and discounted to the Hawthorne patrons. Wrigley Field is located just around the corner. On Saturday, we took a walk down the street, went to a cute petshop called Wigglyville and bought several items, also went to local farmer's market and puchased a few more things. I would stay here again.	
Jul 30 2007 	Also Doubled Billed	I too had problems with double billing at Best Western Hawthorne. I tried to resolve with the hotel and got nowhere, the asst manager and manager were no help at all. Spoke to Best Western Corporate and they even tried to resolve with the manager and got nowhere. Best Western corporate themselves refunded me the money and apologized profusely for the bad service. Problem is the hotel is independly owned. I will not stay again and advise other people the same. If you have a problem you are basically on your own. Too bad, because it is very convenient place for me to stay. Some staff members have a very &quot;I don't Care&quot; attitude. Beware.	
Jun 17 2007 	Nice Accomodations	We went to Chicago to visit a Niece and picked this area as it was only 7 blocks from her apartment. The hotel was clean, room was big and personnel very curtious. Continental breakfast was decent, not extravagant but filled us up for the morning. Plenty of restaurants and watering holes (bars) along Broadway. A short walk from Wrigley Field.Broadway Ave and Lakeview area were very clean, always sweeping sidewalks etc.Trains were just a few blocks away. Can easily catch a cab.	
Jan 29 2007 	Ripped off at Best Western	I booked one night stay online. Two consecutive nights were booked. I stayed the first night and checked out. I was billed for two nights. Management rejected my request for credit and were totally unsympathetic. I will not return to this hotel.	
Dec 25 2006 	Wonderful Hotel Fabulous Staff!	I visit Chicago often and have stayed at numerous hotels, but our stay at the BWHT was fantastic. The hotel is cute, quant and in a great location. There are many fabulous resturants and shops near by (Equinox is one of my favorites). The staff was overly friendly and enthusastic, Michael suggested some fun things to do and see while we were there. All of his ideas were fresh and entertaining. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a clean and friendly place to stay. By the way, the commplimentary cinnamon rolls in the morning are a yummy way to start off your day.	
Dec 14 2006 	Not bad	Great location...10 mins to the subway / EL trains...walking distance to Wrigley stadium &amp; the gay scene.Staff....niceComplimentary breakfast.... basic...Starbucks is down the street.Rooms...clean, we were given a smoking room, when i had booked a non-smoking room online, but after a little complaining the cleaning staff did a good job cleaning the carpets and upholstery the next morning.Prices: good for what you get... you can pay twice as much in Chicago with not much more service to show for it. I would stay there again :)	
Nov 30 2006 	Nice hotel in a nice neighborhood	I always try to stay here when I visit Chicago, even though weekends have a two-night minimum. Walk 2 blocks down Roscoe to N. Halsted, which has some great gay clubs. Broadway between Roscoe and Belmont is very quaint, lots of small shops and restaurants. It's a nice walk.If you have a car it's a short drive to N. Michigan Ave and the museums. Parking at the garage next door is convenient, but remember to keep your ticket stub from the front desk, as you will need it to go in and out.The only suggestion is to avoid rooms next to the elevator, unless you want to hear dinging sounds all night. They couldn't turn it down, so the manager moved us to another room. Don't expect much of a view unless you're on the top floor. The breakfast is decent with your typical pastries, bagels, and cereal. If you're looking for things to do, there are brochures and local papers in the lobby. The staff is friendly and helpful.	
Oct 9 2006 	Really disappointing	Really quite disappointing. The staff seemed unavailable and distant. There was confusion about the rate I had booked online. The rooms were stale smelling, and not the cleanest. The free breakfast consisted of old muffins, some rolls, and bagels. I expressed my disdain to the manager at the end of our stay, and the impression I got was, &quot;too bad.&quot; This hotel essentially runs itself, because of its extremely prime location. The staff doesn't need to put much effort into pleasing the guest, because it will always be solidly booked. You're better off to go off a few miles further south into the downtown area where there is a heavier hospitality competition, and each hotel WANTS to ensure that they get repeat business from you.	
Oct 7 2006 	Enjoyable stay	Nice big room if a little chintzy.Very large bed . Fridge in room and good sized bathroom.Free continental breakfast( coffe, juice, bagels) available in the hotel lobby.Great location for nightlife ( particularly Halsted gay scene) and good restaurants.A little bit of a hike to the EL(metro), but enjoyable to walk through this lively nighbourhood. Would recomend.	
Sep 19 2006	Non-Smoking Preference Does Not Mean Non-Smoking	We made our reservastions on line with a non-smoking preference. We checked into the hotel and proceeded to our room. The room we were given was a smoking room. The maid was in the hall and offered to contact the front desk to get our room changed. We were informed that all the non-smoking rooms where taken and they would try to move us the next day. The next day we were informed that a non-smoking room was still not availabe. We saw another maid in the hall and requested she completely strip down the bed and sanitize our room. The maid did so which made our second night stay bearable. However, we did not stay our thrid night as intended. Just remember at this hotel a non-smoking preference does not get you a non-smoking room.	
Aug 31 2006 	Best Stay Ever	This was the best stay I have ever had in Chicago. The hotel was very nice, the room was huge, the staff was over the top friendly &amp; helpful. I loved sitting in the courtyard enjoying the best &quot;hotel&quot; coffee I have ever tasted. The staff had many great suggestions on EVERYTHING. We had great food, drinks, and atmosphere.I WILL BE BACK!	
Aug 30 2006 	Nice hotel with a great location	A friend and I stayed in this hotel for five days on a vacation to Chicago. We picked this hotel due to it's location to the water and the Lakeview area, also to it's close location to &quot;boystown&quot;. For those of you unfamiliar with that, it's the gay area of Chicago. We booked a room with two queen beds which was very clean with a great bathroom. A light was burned out in the batroom when we first arrived, called down to the front desk to report it, had someone replace it within 15 min. The front desk staff was friendly and knowledgable about the area. We were within walking distance of restuarants, bars, clubs (mostly gay), grocerry stores, pretty much everything. And only a 15 min walk from the train which was a straight shot to all the great sites downtown. If your gay, this is a great hotel to stay at. If your straight, it's still a great place to stay and only minutes from Wrigley Feild and all the straight bars and pubs around there. All in all I would definetly stay here again!	
Jul 14 2006 	DePaul Parent's best bet	Thanks to TripAdvisor, we found the Hawthorne Terrace for our trip to student orientation at DePaul University in Lincoln Park. The hotel was fairly convenient (only a five minute drive from the Lincoln Park campus) and very comfortable. Parking at an independent parking garage was right next door, and was credited to our Best Western bill. Everything was clean, and the rooms were well appointed and slightly different from the standard layout of a hotel room. The lobby was a bit cramped, but there was an outdoor patio that looked inviting. This hotel is located in the heart of a very upscale district in Chicago, about 6 blocks or so from Lake Michigan. If you're gay, it's a great district to stay in. There are also plenty of attractive places to dine and drink.DePaul Parent's weekend is in October, and we plan on staying at the Hawthorne Terrace once again.	
May 23 2006	Great Value in Lakeview Area	We visit Chicago to see our son who lives in the Lincoln Park/Lakeview area. We've stayed in several hotels, including the so-called small &quot;boutique&quot; hotels on the near north side. We found this one to be more pleasant than any of those, and it was less expensive. The rooms appear to have been recently renovated and were a pleasant surprise, size-wise, for a city hotel. Everything was clean as a whistle. The beds were comfortable, although slightly squeaky. In our fourth floor room facing the city, it was quiet. The view was pleasant, although I think that rooms on lower floors probably look out on the walls of the drab building next door. The elevator was large and modern, the lobby was attractive, and there is an attractive small garden in front. The staff was pleasant, and when the charge was $1 more than I'd been quoted, the cashier offered to change it and wound up giving me a 25%discount coupon for our next visit. We will definitely use it, as this place was a good deal for a city hotel.	
Apr 20 2006	Great Location Great Room Great Staff	My wife &amp; I stayed at the Best Western for Opening Day at Wrigley Field. The hotel was nice, the room was huge compared to the rest of Chicago hotels. we WALKED to the ballpark, about 10 minutes. The room was extremely clean and all the staff were very friendly. Only two things I would change 1) warmer weather for baseball and 2) the Cardinals winning.Again great little hotel and staff (although they were all Cubs fans)	
Mar 27 2006	Repeat visitor.	When in Chicago on business, I always stay at the Best Western Hawthorne Terrace. The staff is terrific: Warm, friendly, responsive. They love telling people about the history of the hotel and are thoroughly familiar with the area. The rooms I've stayed in have been fairly spacious, but the lighting could be improved in bedrooms, sitting areas (in rooms with them), as well as the bathrooms. Continental breakfast consists of the usual fare, but is more than adequate. I've never had a problem with noise when staying there; in fact, I have found it to be one of the more quiet hotels in which I've stayed.	
Feb 6 2006	Great Hotel Great Location	I have stayed at the Hawthorne Terrace several times although I have never written a review. My most recent visit was February 2006. Hawthorne Terrace is located in Lakeview, just a few minutes North of downtown Chicago. The hotel is within walking distance of shops, bars, nightclubs, resteraunts, and the Treasure Island grocery store is right next door. (great for stocking up on snacks)The hotel is emaculatly clean and the staff is friendly and helpfull. I've rarely ecountered such a friendly hotel staff. The rooms are cozy and the beds are amazingly comfortable. On each of my stays, I've always gotten a room with a window to the South. Unfortunately, this only allows for a view of the building next door. The hotel, although not really very close to the train line, is very close to the CTA bus system. Just a short 5 minute walk to Hawthorne and Lake Shore Drive will allow you to catch one of the express buses that will put you in the heart of downtown Chicago in minutes. I find this hotel sells out(on weekends) during the warmer months weeks ahead. I always advise to book early if you plan to stay here, you wont regret it.	
Jan 24 2006	What a Great place	What a great hotel, I was blown away with everything. The staff was extremely helpful, they knew the Chiago CTA system well, they had multiple suggestions for activities, and they suggested great places to eat. The hotel room was very, very clean. I wasn't crazy for the decot though. The staff was very friendly and you could tell they enjoyed working there (very rare). Chicago is an AWESOME CITY and The Best Hawthonre Terrace Hotel THE PLACE TO STAY.	
Dec 8 2005	Great hotel great location	Stayed here over the Thanksgiving weekend after we couldn't get a reasonably priced hotel downtown. I'm very glad we did! The hotel was full, yet the hotel was more quiet than I would expect for a busy holiday weekend. The room was on the smallish side but I did see some larger rooms and I couldn't complain based on the deal we got for the room. The breakfasts were more than adequate (were those cinnamon rolls from the famous Ann Sather's restaurant across the street -they sure tasted like them?!). The best thing about this hotel is the location. If you want to see Chicagoans going about their daily business, then stay here! It was great to walk to restaurants, movie theaters, and shopping that Chicagoans actually frequent, not a bunch of stores and restaurant chains filled with tourists toting bags of souveniers like downtown. Yet you could walk out in front of the hotel and take a fifteen minute bus ride downtown. I would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 29 2005	Great location would stay here again	This is the place to stay if you want to have fun on N. Halsted and Wrigglyville. The hotel is on the expensive side, but the location more than makes up for it. There are lots of restaurants and shops nearby on Halsted and Broadway. If you're driving, plan on parking in the garage next door. The front desk staff was very polite and helpful. The continental breakfast was average stuff (bagels, muffins, cereal), but we ate it every morning to save a few bucks. Our room was spacious and clean. The only thing that bothered me about the hotel was the elevator. It was very slow and made a LOT of noise. I will definitely stay here again next year.	
Oct 10 2005	Nice hotel-thin floors=nightime voices	We stayed here in late August for a family get together nearby and while not cheap it was considerably cheaper and more convenient than the downtown hotels. The hotel itself is quite well kept and has a greeat deal of charm. I am not from a &quot;big city&quot; and must tell you that I did not feel uncomfortable in the neighborhood at night. There were many people out and about. I was in town the weekend of the Chicago Air and Water show and it was great to walk about a mile to the western end of the lakefront to see the air portion with flybys of all the combat jets! The hotel itself had mostly good points: Its quite clean-at least on the 2nd floor and our suite room with 2 double beds and a sofa bed was plenty of space for 2 adults and 2 children. They would be wise to add a second tv for the other side of the room though. The hotel is situated in the &quot;boys town&quot; area of Chicago so if you are not a fan of alternative lifestyles you may want to pass on this hotel. The ceiling/floors are pretty thin and at 2:00am you can hear any lovers quarel within a few rooms. Not the hotels fault for rude/unruly guests, but I was very offended by what I heard. Hotel management gave the standard theres nothing we could do although it went on for more than 30 minutes. Parking is impossible so prepare to hand your keys over to the garage next door although you can come and go with a ticket from the hotels front desk. Beds were very comfy and extra pillows were already in the room. Breakfast was standard fare and kids don't mind that! Would I go back? Yes because of location although I would ask for a room on the top floor and deal with the terribly slow elevator.	
Sep 12 2005	Very Cute Hotel! Loved It	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on August 29th through August 31, 2005. We were visiting Chicago as a little getaway for my birthday! We had tickets to a Cubs game and this hotel was perfect because it is only like 5 Blocks from Wrigleyfield. The hotel is in a great location if you want to experience Chicago without all of the hustle &amp; bustle of being downtown. There were several little bars and restuarants all within walking distance and Lake Michigan was only about 2 blocks away! We actually spent alot of our time just walking around the neighborhoods and enjoying all of the views of the old homes &amp; historic buildings. The hotel itself was so cute! It was very small and had a more of a bed and breakfast feel about it. I would reccomend this hotel to visitors young and old! It was a great choice!	
Aug 11 2005	If you love Ashtrays and poor customer service	This was the worst hotel I stayed at in Chicago! If you are looking for a hotel to smoke in, this is your dream hotel. If you want a manager who is all about making your stay the worst possible experience Manager Stephen Hampton is your guy. Rather than write an essay about how terrible my experience was here just do your self a favor and stay at another place. If you want something in this neighborhood with great service, clean rooms and quaint charm I recommend the Majestic Hotel just up the street (528 West Brompton). Seriously do yourself and loved ones a favor and avoid this hotel!	
Jun 28 2005	A very good choice		
Jun 9 2005	Great place!		
May 20 2005	Great spot!		
Mar 14 2005	Just what you need		
Dec 3 2004	worked out well for us...		
Nov 26 2004	Nice		
Sep 28 2004	BEST little hotel in CHICAGO		
Aug 12 2004	I loved it I loved it I loved it!		
Jul 8 2004	Don't believe all you read		
Jun 15 2004	Loved it		
May 20 2009 	Buena relación calidad/precio/ubicación		
