Oct 10 2009 	Attractive price but that's about it	I found this hotel online and contacted them as I wanted a budget hotel in the Gay Area of Chicago known as East Lake View. Several hotels came up in the area, but all of them were between $250 and $450 for a 2 night stay. The Bellwood advised they didn't take reservations and you just had to turn up pn the day, which I did.I took a double room with a private ensuite bathroom for $40 for my first night, and had to take a double room with a shared bathroom for $30 per night on my second night.On check in, they ask for a $2 refundable key deposit and payment for the first night of your stay which is $30 or $40 depending on whether you want a shared or private bathroom or not. i paid the $40 for a private and was given my key. I opened the door to my room and felt instant dismay.It looked like a dilapidated building with wires handing out of the wall, a rusty old sink, a metal bed (although clean sheets and pillows). I looked at my so called &quot;ensuite&quot; and giggled. Tiles were up off the floor, the toilet pan was brown and the shower tray had mould about half an inch thick. It was obvious that it had been cleaned, just not SCRUBBED in a long long time. There was a tv in my room that did work and a sink in the corner, again, brown and stained.I checked the bed before I decided if I was staying or not, it was very clean so I decided to tell myself &quot;what can you expect for $40 per night&quot;. I stayed that night and actually got a very good nights sleep. There was no problem with noise and the room was secure, lockable from the inside.On the second day, I went out early to see the city and came back about midday to pay for my second nights stay as i couldnt be bothered trudging round to try and find alternative accommodation. I was advised by the receptionist that house keeping had packed all my things up and cleared my room as check out time was 11am, and I hadnt paid before then to keep the room. I was advised this on check in, so it WAS actually my fault. I was dreading that things may have gone missing, as all my things had been packed up by housekeeping staff and left in reception for me. After getting back into a different room, I thoroughly checked my belongings and EVERYTHING was there, including my laptop and passport. I was very reassured by this.They could only offer me a $30 room with shared bath for my 2nd night and I took this. The second room was a million times better than the first one. Much cleaner, in a better state of repair and I was actually quite pleased that I had lost my original room. Clean and comfortable bed and the bathroom was across the hall from my room. The bathroom however (clean as it was) was a bit of a disaster. Its small shower cubicles, with tepid water, and i could have probably pee'd faster than the dribble of water that came out of them. The toilets are in the same room, but theyre open plan - as in two toilets in the middle of the floor, with no cubicle, Its kinda embarassing when you have to go, as people can see you sat there!!!! Though, the americans just dont seem to care and get on with their business!! I'd recommend going to the petrol station across the street if you need anything other than a pee!!!!!!!!!!! :))))))Again, I got a good nights sleep in the second room and checked out about 9am on the second morning.All in all, i had a comfortable stay at this hotel, but please please beware, this is at the VERY BOTTOM END of budget accommodation. Its cheap, VERY cheap for Chicago, but at the same time, grim to look at. If all you care about is a bed to sleep in and somewhere to dump your bags, then it's fine, otherwise, i'd probably steer clear.Asked if i'd stay here again, well I would have to be 100% certain that there was nowhere else available before I turned up to stay at this place again. If I was forced to stay here with no other option though, I would. Not for the faint hearted!!The staff in the hotel were friendly enough which was nice, but again, lower thann basic accommodation, may be an idea to ask to see your room and make your mind up before you hand over your money.	
Jul 17 2009 	Very Nice!!	Stayed here a few times and it was really clean and motel staff is really nice and helpful! its very cheap considering the area its in and the quality of the room.	
Jun 7 2009 	a great place to stay for the lowbudget traveler	On my previose (first-time) visit to Chicago, I booked three nights at the next-to-cheapest place I could find, which was a traveller's hostel a couple miles from the Bellwood, , where I had one fo the worst lodging expereinces of my life. If I only had known that for a few dollars more per night, I could have gotten a clean, private room at the Bellwood. This place was very clean, no sign of bugs, many amenities (tv, private bath and shower, phone in the room ... microwave, vending machines and laundry room also in the hotel). The room was great, the price very reasonable, location was great for me, the staff was freindly but not intrusive, , they gave me a courtesy call half an hour before check-out time. I stayed three nights and have no complaints about anything and I would cheerfully and enthusiastically recommend this place to anyone needing short-term, budget acommodations in Chicago. Compared to the hostel, where I will never set foot again, or recommend to anyone, this place made a world of difference in my overall enjoyment of my stay in the city, and I will definitely stay here again when I come back to Chi-town. Stay away from the hostels, go to the Bellwood instead.	
Jan 22 2009 	Customer Service	I really like this hotel, it is really nice and clean and has a nice price for the night. They also advertise weekly rates for $190. I and my partner wanted to rent for a week, and the application would take a day process. The Manager only shows up according to her employees once a day. Well she review our application, mind you it only requested for a name, address, phone number and occupation. Well two days gone by and we where told no application not approve by the employee and with no explanation from the manager. Does this sound crazy? or did I miss something? The Manager never meet with us. Its a hotel, crying out loud. I am very disappointed with Bellwood Hotel on Diversery/SouthPort.......Absoultely unacceptable....... : (	
Apr 27 2008	Called to reserve a room and was told that "we don't book ahead."	How can you book a hotel in advance, regardless of reviews, if they refuse to take reservations? This may be a great deal, but it's reduced to an as-available basis on the day you want to stay there. How stupid is that?	
May 31 2007 	The Bellwood is Delightful	Walked in with friends from out of town. We were met by a real friendly desk clerk and the manager of the hotel . Within minutes it felt like we had known these two forever. The manager Pat a very nice &quot;mother type&quot; lady knew all the things and places we should visit. She obviously loves her job and they went out of the way to make us feel welcome. The rooms are older but very clean and they actually smelled better than some of the upperclass hotels I have been in. Transportation a few feet away and we even got a map of the city!!!. For $50 a night you get more than you think you might. The warmth and kindness were worth more. Definately a great hidden treasure!!	
Dec 17 2006	Best kept secret in Lincoln Park	My room was freshly decorated and clean. The staff was helpful and attentive. I would definately stay there again. BTW, there is a bus that stops in front of the hotel and takes you to the lake and the Lincoln Park Zoo.	
Jul 22 2004	Are you Kidding!	I can't believe the two other Tripadvisor reviews. Were they staying at the same place? Folks, this could be described as an inexpensive urban hotel, in other words--a flophouse. This is a place that doesn't take reservations or credit cards. You pay your cash to a guy sitting in an enclosed booth in the lobby, and you slip it to him under the window.The room was pathetic. Everything was old, soiled, and run down. The bedspread was filled with cigarette burns. There was air conditioning, but the cigarette smell coming from the vents was very strong. I will give it a little credit, even though the furniture was a disaster, it was not overtly dirty, the bedsheets were clean--I think. You get two hand towels and a sliver of soap--no bath towels.Yep--$38.00 a night over the 4th Of July weekend in Chicago. At least they're not overcharging--but you get what you pay for.	
Nov 8 2003	Very Nice for the Price	Clean, cozy (small), quiet, toasty warm on a chilly night, cable, and very affordable.	
