Oct 22 2009 	A great stay	I don't understand some of the negatives in others' reviews. We found our room to be just right. We did not spend much time in it as we caught the shuttle to Midway and from there got on the mass transit train to go downtown. This is not hard to do, although one has to walk through the airport to the opposite side (East?) to get on the trains. We did this trip to Chicago without a vehicle, purchasing our passes from a kiosk at the airport. They are then good to ride any bus or train. My favorite part of the hotel was the bed! It was THE most comfortable bed I have ever slept on - anywhere! The linens are all completely washable, and you get the impression that they have just been laundered before you use them. We had a microwave and a refrigerator and that met our needs quite well. For our family of four the suite was a little small when we had the rollaway out and the sofa bed opened, but again, this was only when it was time to sleep. We found the staff to be quite helpful and enthusiastic, and the cookies in the evenings were wonderful; just get there early!	
Jun 24 2009 	Nice but basic	This hotel is a very typical, fairly new Fairfield Inn &amp; Suites. I was granted an upgrade to a suite, which was the typical Fairfield suite layout. The only real difference was NO FLATSCREENS. I guess you could say I am spoiled to the Marriott flatscreens. The pool is inside, and usually full of kids. However, the kids were not a bother here as I never noticed them, except in the pool. The hotel is located in the Midway Airport Hotel Center which has about six or seven hotels of different qualities in a very small space. There is a shuttle which will take you to the airport and presumably other nearby locations such as the &quot;L&quot; stations. The staff is friendly if not &quot;just there&quot;. There is no market at this location so expect to walk across the parking lot to the Courtyard or TGIFriday's if you need a late night snack or drink. The business center consists of ONE computer so don't expect to use it very often. There is no view to speak of from any of the rooms, unless you like watching planes land. Speaking of planes, although the hotel is within shouting distance of MDW, I never heard an airplane from my room. Traffic on Cicero is horrible at times so don't expect to get anywhere fast. However, Giordano's is about 2 blocks away which is a nice little treat for this part of town. Also, a White Castle is 2 or 3 blocks away. The bad news...my room had several spots of damage. The wall next to the computer chair had many tears in the wall paper, I guess from the chair bumping against the wall. The soap dish in the shower had mold all around the caulking. And, worst of all, my toilet stopped working on day two....but to the staffs credit, was fixed by the time I got home from work the next day. All in all, a nice hotel for the price, about $130 per night.	
Jan 20 2009 	Best Stay for the $$ In the Area....	Hotels in Chicago are pricey, and I paid $115 to stay here (which was low if you wanted to be in a safe area &amp; a clean place to stay). The hotel was clean, staff was friendly, extremely close to the airport (10 min, free, shuttle ride because the local hotels share the service), within walking distance to restaurants, internet worked great, relatively quiet. No complaints.	
Sep 1 2008 	Pleasant Stay!	We chose the Fairfield for convenience to Midway Airport (10 minute drive) and an early a.m. flight. The Fairfield is located in a center of hotels (Marriott, Courtyard, Hilton Garden, Sleep Inn, and Hampton Inn) which share courtesy shuttles and a parking lot. The FF was similar in price to the other hotels. They provided an outstanding complimentary (extended) breakfast. Good variety with all the basics. Freshly made waffles were a treat! The courtesy shuttle runs 24/7 to Midway. It was prompt and very convenient. The immediate vicinity of the hotel is sketchy so we used Midway Airport as access for the “El”. From Midway you can easily and cheaply get to downtown Chicago via public transportation and without having to pay city parking fees. In our double bed room, we experienced clean and quiet accommodations. You may hear a rumble from an airplane, but you're virtually at the airport! It's really not bad at all. I happen to think my bed was extremely comfortable, better than other more expensive hotels we stayed in - best sleep on our trip. We didn’t go into the pool, but we saw it was very small – good for kids. Whirlpool was out of commission? The FF also provides guests with complimentary access to a PC w/Internet and printer for business purposes. We were pleased with our stay at the Midway Fairfield.	
Jul 28 2008 	Way Overpriced!	The Hotel is nice, good breakfast for a delux contential.They make you pay $10 per day just to park your car.With $160 room rate, it ended up at $200 per day with parking and tax. Just too expensive for what you get.	
Apr 12 2008	Great place for a group	Took a group of 32 -- 20 high school senior physics students and 12 parents -- to Fairfield April 4-6.Wonderful experience for our group just spending 2 nights.Great variety for breakfast. Not a complaint.Minimal waits for trolley to Midway where we caught Orange Line to downtown.Very helpful by providing a room where we kept our luggage after 2nd night and picked up to take evening flight.Price was right.	
Dec 27 2007 	Good value for a basic hotel	This hotel was a good value considering the price of hotels in the Chicago area. It was clean &amp; in good condition. The staff was QUITE friendly &amp; more than eager to assist. The indoor pool was a bit small, but served it's purpose for our young children. We did not notice any excessive noise even tho the hotel is close to Midway airport.The hotel offers a free shuttle service to/from Midway which was very nice (&amp; very prompt). We took the Metra train into Chicago, then took an El train to Midway &amp; called the hotel to ask for the shuttle pick up. We anticipated a lengthy wait for the shuttle, but it was there within 5 minutes! The drive to the hotel was less than 10 minutes.There is a Fridays restuarant across the parking lot from the hotel that I would recommend for a decent meal, especially if you do not have a car. The free hotel breakfast was quite ample with a nice variety of choices. The staff kept the food well stocked at all times.I would recommend this hotel as an option to staying downtown if you are on a budget. We went to an event at the University of Chicago and took a cab from the hotel to the campus. Even after having lived in Chicago for 10 years, I was surprised at the $35 cab fare for this ride! Considering the nature of the neighborhood we drove through, however, I would not recommend public transportation as an option. We also took a cab to the Museum of Science &amp; Industry from the hotel &amp; the price was not as steep.	
Sep 15 2007 	expensive - captive audience	Needed a hotel at the airport for an early morning flight the next day. Found it shocking to have to pay $189 for a bed to sleep in. The room was up to the standard I would have expected; free inroom wifi; comfy beds; 24hr coffee in lobby etc - but the price leaves a bitter taste in the mouth. Sadly they were cheaper than any of the other choices - but never the less, know they have a captive audience of travellers who if they want to be at the airport just have to fork out and pay.	
May 4 2007 	Good location shuttle could be more frequent	I unexpectedly had to stay a day longer then planned in Chicago, so I decided to get a room close to the airport. The hotel is in fact located in a compound with a total of 7 hotels (and 3 more are planned I heard). The place has no charm at all, like most hotels in the US, but it's all quite functional.NEGATIVE POINTS- Given the number of hotels, and the proximity of the airport, the frequency of the aiport shuttle van could be higher (I twice had to wait just over 10 minutes).- When I arrived, 2 girls at reception where discussing an invitation to a party or a wedding they just received, which made them clearly less concentrated on the arriving new guests. A more profesional attitude would be better.- some airplane noise enters the roomsPOSITIVE POINTS- Nice pool- Generally comfortable and clean hotel- Excellent location relative to the airport	
Apr 28 2007 	Nice staff very clean one of the best FFIs	I have stayed at this hotel on 3 occasions in the last several weeks.The staff here are all excellent. Check in is always speedy, as is airport pick up. There are 6 or 7 hotels on this property: The FFI, A Courtyard and a Full-Service Marriott, a Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton, Slle Inn and A Holiday Inn Express. They all share a shuttle to and from the airport. There is also a TGIFridays in the Courtyard. The nice thing is that Fridays will do room service, take out AND you can charge to your room if you are a guest in any of the hotels. They have a good happy hour too!The Marriott also has a full service restaurant but I have not tried it. Prices seem average for a Marriott restaurant.As for the FFI, the rooms are decent sizes. All are nonsmoking and have the new Marriott beds. LOTS of TV channels if this is important, free internet,etcThe free breakfast in the AM features cereals, Jimmy Dean egg sandwiches, waffles, breads and danish. Honestly, my only complaint is that they need to get some better pastries...maybe muffins or donuts or something.They do offer a park-n-fly and you can get some decent rates if you are a Marriott rewards member. Rates aren't bad anyway. AIrport noise isn't bad and the hotel is less noisy than many in which I have stayed. Rooms are clean, staff is attentive and welcoming and you can take the shuttle to the airport and hop on the Orange line to downtown (about 45 minutes to Chicago give or take).There are a few other places around to eat that are walkable...Giordano's, McDs, BK, White Castle and a few others. Many flight crews stay in these hotels and they were talking about some local bars nearby. The PACE bus stops right at the edge of the property and it is a short ride to a mall, Target, Wal-Mart and a couple other places.Overall, a decent place to sllep for an early flight or to visit Chicago if you want to save some money!	
Apr 3 2007 	Great Place to Park 	We've stayed at this hotel several times now using the &quot;Park &amp; Fly&quot; option. It's great because it's close to Midway, and it's easy to get to (we come from Iowa to Chicago to fly out because it's less expensive). We've tried flying out of O'Hare, but getting to &amp; from the airport and the hotel options, then using the interstates in that area, we always end up getting on the wrong road or something, and all the tollways up that way are just a mess. Midway is much easier to access.Anyway, this hotel is great for the Park &amp; Fly option. It's very clean, and now that it has been remodeled the rooms are updated nicely. Good beds, and the pool area is nice also. The breakfast opens very early (5am, I believe) for those that need to fly out early. The trolley system to &amp; from Midway is very convenient and easy to use. We've never had to wait long, and the drivers are very courteous. The front desk staff at this hotel are good, check-in is quick and painless with no confusion.We will continue to use this hotel every time we fly out of Midway, which is generally twice a year for vacation.	
Jan 22 2007 	Close to the airport	spent 4 nights here over canadian civic holiday (1st weekend in aug) the renovations were complete and we actually got invited to an opening reception ( the kids got little pillow squishees) Room was clean and average in size. The pool is salt water which is a bit weird. We had trouboe with the hot tub. one day it wasn;t hot enough, the next day it was so hot that it turned our skin bright red. towels seemed to be in short supply at the pool too. -check before you get in.There was a trolley that takes you to the airport where you can catch the L train downtown- we did this for 3 days and enjoyed the trip. The tolley drivers were very nice.The mexican place across the road was inexpensive and quite good. As was the hotdog stand acorss the road	
Jun 1 2006	Under Construction But Still Nice	This is an interesting property, located about 5 minutes south of Midway Airport. There is a large cluster of hotels sharing a common lot, including a Holiday Inn express, Hilton Graden Inn and three brands of Marriott -a mainline Marriott, a Courtyard, and a Fairfield Inn.This Fairfield was one of the nicer ones I've been at - very close to a Courtyard in room size and layout, with interior halls. The free breakfast options were very nice, waffles, hard boiled eggs, breakfast sandwiches, and other continental options.Transportation to and from Midway is via a free 24 hour shuttle. I waited about 10 minutes for it at the airport and it was on call when I needed to depart from the hotel.At the time of my stay, there was significant construction going on in the lobby area and I'm not sure if there were other areas impacted as well. Room Internet access was via a free wireless hotspot. Other than a lack of sitdown restaurant, I can't imagine why one would choose the Courtyard across the street over this property. There were numerous eating establishments in the area for take out or dine in service.	
