Oct 27 2009 	A Beautiful Classic Club	I think this probably says it all: after recently staying at the ULC, my wife and I decided to apply for membership. The ULC provides luxurious accommodations, excellent food, and friendly service at a reasonable price. One thing you must understand, though, is that this is a club dating from the late 1800s, with all the tradition that suggests. The demands on guests are not all that great, simply that you dress somewhat less casually than what you can get away with elsewhere. In return, you will be treated to an elegant experience you cannot match anywhere else in Chicago at any price.	
Jun 5 2009 	Marvellous City Base and Wedding Venue	We stayed at ULC for 9 nights running up to and including my stepdaughter's wedding. We were upgrade to a suite for the duration, which proved extremely comfortable and useful for small family gatherings, preparation of 125 wedding programmes, storage of luggage as extended family came and went, and necessary chill-out time. I understand the rooms have been refurbished fairly recently. Ours was beautiful; I am not a huge fan of classic styles but the muted gold, sky blue and dark wood furnishings were understated, classy, and comfortable. Our room, like all others I saw, had a close view of the office building next door. Therefore not much natural light to be had, so artificial light was necessary during the day. Our suite had boat loads of storage (double wardrobe, desk beside the bed, two dressers), two large flat screen TVs and a large bathroom with double sink. A small bar fridge was bought in on request, great for fruit and nibbles. Common to all rooms large and small, occupied by various family members, was the sheer quality of the bed and linens. One of the most comfortable beds I've ever had the pleasure of sleeping in. The mattress pillowtop had a down top as well. The feather pillows, designated &quot;medium&quot; and &quot;soft&quot; were luscious. We had complimentary breakfasts in the Wigwam. It's primarily a business environment particularly during the week, so as the members of my large and raucous family began to arrive we risked upsetting the balance. However, the staff were gracious and attentive. The Rendezvous Bar was also an excellent meeting and socialising spot, with good sandwiches and a particularly nice Caesar Salad (a whole grilled romaine with the usual accoutrements). We are casual people so were apprehensive about the dress code. Certainly, during week days, the tone is definitely all business. In the weekends jeans are allowed on Saturday mornings and all day Sunday, so things loosen up a little. We personally were careful to respect the 'code' and when we wanted to go more casual or have a run, we simply used the athletic entrance, a back door to the street but using the same lifts as everybody else. The gym, changing rooms, sauna, pool etc were outstanding. I used the gym equipment almost every day and there were never more than 3 or 4 others there at the time.Free Wifi was brilliant as was access to the business centre for printing etc. The library looked like a wonderfully serene spot, only I had no time to enoy it. Location-wise, I have stayed all over the Loop and North Michigan, and have usually preferred to be closer to the river. But the ULC is just 15 minutes walk from the river and a mere three blocks from the Art Institute (which serendipitously had free admission for the week to celebrate the opening of the new Renzo Piano wing) and Millenium Park. Easy to get a breath of fresh air and view of that fantastic skyline whenever we wanted. And as for the wedding -- what a gorgeous venue for a wonderful event. And the bride and groom weren't so shabby either! ULC was great. I'd love to be able to stay there again, but I do believe there needs to be a membership connection (the mother of the bride is a member). On value for money alone -- even considering we were getting a good deal -- we could not have done any better anywhere in Chicago.	
May 15 2009 	My Favorite Place to Stay in Chicago	I have stayed at the Union League three or four times now over the last two years and enjoy it more and more each time.This 23-story private clubhouse has 180 suites and guestrooms, three restaurants, two bars, various ballrooms, private meeting rooms, amazing food, and a world-class art collection. The health club is free to use and fills five floors of the building. It includes a pool, steam, sauna, free weights, cardio workout, and just about whatever else you can think of.The staff is very professional and very attentive.The business center is first-rate. It includes private offices and open carrels. The library is exactly what you'd expect one to be like in a private club.The location is in the heart of downtown, so it's convenient to the theater district, Millennium Park, shopping, the lakefront, and plenty of restaurants.This isn't a &quot;trendy&quot; place by any stretch of the imagination, and I wouldn't come here with a family of teenagers, but it's great for adults and small children. NOTE: The Union League does have a business casual dress code (no jeans, gym shoes, or t-shirts, unless you're going directly from your room to outside the clubhouse or vice versa).	
Mar 17 2009 	Loved every bit of its past world charm	I loved this place. The staff was EXCEPTIONALLY nice. The room was beautiful, spacious (although the bathroom was a little small). The lobby and the meeting rooms are wonderful, exuding beauty and charm, with wonderful paintings everywhere. What I especially liked was that this place obviously used to be very snobby, and it still has tinges of that upper class feeling (like selling cigars in the lobby), but it's gotten past that. I was at a conference that was largely African American, and it felt great to have the people claim this wonderful place back from the upper classes.The coat check desk is out of an old movie. Be sure to check your coat just to enjoy it! Plus the very well equipped business center is open 24/7 and has computers, printers, all kinds of stuff.	
Feb 17 2009 	Old and snobby	I'm very surprised about the good reviews about this property. I was bitterly dissappointed. At check in for example the front office manager (in his tired suit) pointed out the dress code to me - referring to the fact that I was wearing (smart) jeans.The room was quite big, but furnished rather in a taste for old people. Also it was cold - the heating did not go over 69 degrees. The beds however were really comfortable.I had a function there in the evening. Staff was not very friendly or helpful throughout the hotel. We were travelling in a small group and no one felt made welcome or looked after. This was my first trip to Chicago and all I can say that I will go to a hotel next time.	
Jan 17 2009 	An unexpected gem	We were in town for a wedding and the reception was held here. The ballroom was stunning, the food was wonderful and the staff were very accomidating. The hotel room had the most comfortable bed and the coffee shop across the street had the best expresso! Be prepared to follow the dress code and enjoy a drink in the lounge and a more unique experience of Chicago.	
Oct 4 2008 	Great stay!	We recently stayed at the Union League for 5 days for our son's wedding. The reception was held there. Accomodations were good and the food and service at the restaurants, bar, and reception were outstanding. Everyone was friendly and it made our stay enjoyable. We had several out of town guests staying there also and everyone was equally impressed.	
Sep 11 2008	Outsanding alternative to Chicago hotels	I totally agree with the more recent reviews of The Union League Club, those which rate it highly. It's a historic and beautifully appointed facility, particularly the lobby and main dining room. (Check its web site for the club's dress code.) Rooms are excellent --with wireless--and the staff is friendly and helpful. Location is right in The Loop, close to the &quot;El&quot; lines, the lake front, Sears Tower and about six blocks from Amtrak. Nearly any place you'd want to go downtown is within a mile's walk north. And The Union League Club is a far better $$$ deal than downtown commercial hotels.	
Jul 16 2008 	First Class	This Club is fantastic. I don't like snooty hotels, and this club retains it's elegance without feeling stuck up. I'm going to be married here in August 2008, and I can't wait! The staff has been SO wonderful to my family, and they are truly a joy to speak with on the phone. I live out of state and most of the planning has been remote, so their expertise and decorum is much appreciated. They have renovated all the guest rooms, and while they retain their old-world style, all of the fabrics, and furnishings are impeccable and refined. It's as if you stepped right back into the 1940's. This place is wonderful and I highly recommend it for a taste of true Chicago history.	
Jun 26 2008 	Luxury but not like a hotel!	I just accompanied my husband here for a business meeting. It was a mixed bag, but it was an overall good experience. I arrived after my husband and picked up keys at the desk. Very friendly and attentive staff. I had a very small room on 15th floor with no view. As mentioned before, there was no frig, no safe, no ice on floor. Clean, nice Gilchrist and Soames bath products, great bed with two pillowtops and deluxe linens. My key malfunctioned twicw during my stay, as did my husband's. Much later I discovered a snack and ice machine on another floor, but you have to search diligently through your room service menu to find that.. There is a good room service menu, but no alcohol. There is the Rendezvous bar on 4th floor where you can order drinks charged to your room,but if you're alone you may feel out of place! I had to dine and spend many hours by myself and felt out of place here at times.I chose room service one night and the food was excellent. The food for our meeting was also good, but I was disappointed that they did not offer a vegetarian option. I didn't touch the entree and no one said a word or offered any substitutions. This is the year 2008 and there are many vegetarians on this planet, thank you. The athletic facility was nice, however if you wandered to the highest floor where the squash court was located it was filthy. There was trash and dirt all over the floor, as if it had been abandoned for months. Also, you have to go through a staff area to get to the workout room. The pool is NOT Olympic sized..it has to be 50 meters to meet that standard. It is 20 meters and roped off to 4 lanes. Nice for swimming, but short. I loved all the huge meeting rooms and the amazing art throughout the building. It's on par with a small gallery and boasts a curator. However, they do not have any tourist info in the lobby...no &quot;Chicago This Week&quot; magazines, city maps, etc. I did find those at the Washington Library a couple blocks away. Also, we received a Wall Street Journal paper daily. Sorry, but I'd rather have a Chicago Trib with local news and a crossword puzzle. The area is nice, but it's rather focused on the DePaul crowd. Several local eateries, such as the Chipotle Grill, My Thai and the small Mexican restaurant are only open till 4 pm.There were only 2 food options available on a Monday night in the entire block and those were Dunkin Donuts and Subway! Be prepared to do some walking or take a cab. There is a very nice coffee shop across the street from the hotel. This makes up for the subpar coffee makers in the room and the lack of morning coffee in the club. You could go to the breakfast room, but only if you are dressed to regulation, not in your athletic gear. You are also required to use a separate exit if you are in your athletic clothes or golf shorts. In conclusion, this is a lovely sophisticated place to stay, but it lacks some of the things a traveler needs at times. I much prefer the Chicago Hilton and would prefer a place which fits the needs of a solo traveler.	
Jun 18 2008 	A historic gem	A co-worker is a member at the Union League Club and she booked us two rooms for a recent conference stay in Chicago. The club is located in the theater district and boasts old world beauty but with very comfortable, modern rooms. My room was a beautiful corner room with two queen sized beds. The bath amenities, linens, and bed quality were comparable to a four star hotel.Both nights there, we had drinks at the Rendezvous bar on the 4th floor. The service was attentive and friendly - lots of attention to detail but it didn't feel stuffy. Everyone from the wait staff to the front desk staff were incredibly friendly and personable.The chocolate fondue at the Rendezvous was wonderful. We had to wait a while to receive it, but the waiter was great about giving us updates on the delay and getting us drinks to make the time go by more pleasurably.The experience was so positive that my husband and I are considering applying for membership next year.	
Jun 13 2008 	Breakfast was awesome; staff was great!	My conference host required that we stay at the Union League Club. Our information specified that we were NOT to dress less than casual. When we arrived at the hotel on Saturday, there was a wedding going on. The staff and the guests were very snooty. I felt like I was at some exclusive gentleman's club and I felt very out of place.I decided to eat breakfast in the Wigwam room. It was empty on Sunday so they showered me with attention and re-folded my napkin every time I unfolded it. I began to feel like I was too uncouthed for the Union Club.During the week, real people arrived and the snootiness of the staff and guest reduced immensely. I even saw young people in the elevator, which weren't seen on the weekend.In spite of the snootiness of the hotel, I enjoyed my stay. The bed highlighted the inadequateness of my bed at home. Their bed was sooooo comfortable that I forgot I was in a hotel, which NEVER happens when I stay at the SUPER 8 (LOL!)In addition to the nice bed, the staff was wonderful--the front desk people, Victor and Arie the bellman, and the Wigman staff.My concerns: the uppity dress code is outdated. With the massive travel restrictions and baggage charges, requiring people to dress up just to walk around a hotel seems a bit antiquidated and prudish to me.The Rendevous staff were not friendly to me at all. I felt like I was in the Civil War era going into that restaurant.The bathroom's size was ridiculous. The WHOLE bathroom was the size of my walk in closet at home and my house is only 1500 feet. I felt choked by the bathroom everytime I had to go into it. I had to use the mirror in the closet to get ready.The room lacked a refrigerator. All hotels are now providing refrigerators in hotel rooms in light of the rising food costs at restaurants and the need to bring leftovers to the room. Union Club needs to add small refrigerators in the room.What I liked about the hotel:1. The comfortable bed2. The central location to everything in downtown Chicago3. The staff4. The breakfast food in Wigwam5. The newspapers that are provided to read6. The walk-in shower with the marble floor7. The luxury robe provided for guestsetc.	
Apr 16 2008 	Great - Well priced and wonderfully settled.	Spent the day on business in the Union League. I must say the club is probably the best place I have every stayed. Wonderful atmosphere and a complete package. Free WiFi in your rooms. Clean. Old style charm. Check out the fitness facilities. They are just wonderful. Could not have asked for a better place to stay. Will stay there again. One note. This is a place with atmosphere and elegance. Children while welcome should be well behaved to get the most out this club.	
Aug 13 2007	Complete Renovation -- It's Now Beautful!	I just spent seven days at the Union League Club on a business/pleasure trip. As a member of a reciprocal club in Washington, D.C., I had heard that the Union League Club just completed a $17 million renovation. Well, I'll tell you, they spent the money well. The place is now STUNNING! The staff (which was friendly, professional and very helpful) told me the sleeping rooms were completed gutted and rebuilt from scratch. All new plumbing, HVAC, furniture, beds, linens, towels, flat-screen televisions, marble bathrooms, glass walk-in showers, plenty of electrical outlets for phones and computers and various other gadgets. Also has high-speed wireless internet access (which is free in their excellent Business Center).My wife used the club as her home base while shopping and taking in the cultural offerings of Chicago (it's located in the heart of downtown) while I attended meetings there during the day M-F. The conference rooms were beautiful--and the food was outstanding. (The wine list is very impressive.)The Union League's clubhouse offered us just about everything we could have wanted: It's 23 stories tall, has three restaurants, two bars, two floors of private meeting rooms, eight floors of hotel rooms and suites, a 10,000-volume library, five floors of athletic facilities (including an Olympic-sized pool on its 21st floor--no small engineering feat that must have been!), two full-time masseurs, one full-time masseuse, a barber shop, a full-time manicurist (my wife was pleased) and shoe shine service (I was pleased), a stunning Member's lounge (any guest may use it), and a duly famous art collection.I'm sure those who posted last year that it was getting tired and worn were right, and the Union League must have heard them, because now that it's been renovated, the place is truly spectacular! All the place lacks is stunning views, but we were so busy with what was going on inside the clubhose that we didn't spend much time gazing out the windows.Someone told me the Union League Club has been voted the #2 city club in the country. It's easy to see why.	
Mar 5 2007 	Old World Class	If you are looking for a charming old club, look no further. Every floor was filled with world class art and the staff was polite, friendly and helpful. Breakfast buffet was plentiful and delicious. Free internet computer access in the library. A very relaxed and pleasant experience with excellent location close to the Chicago Board of Trade. Room was small but a good value for the money. Priced very reasonably for this location in the Loop. Highly recommended.	
Oct 28 2006 	Hmmm...I was expecting more	I've stayed at better discount motels that are in better shape, have a better atmosphere, and are more updated.I stayed here as a result of a conference that I was attending at the Union League Club. I figured for the convenience it was going to be worth it. Boy was I wrong. This building does have a lot of history and it shows. The conference areas are in great shape, but it seems as if the hotel rooms are an afterthought, if a thought at all. Too bad, since with a facelift, this could be a very special place.The interior of my room was worn. The bed, including blankets, sheets, and pillows looked old. I felt dirty sleeping at this facility. My closet door wouldn't shut. The bathroom was small with little to no counter space. The toilet was leaking and the wallpaper was peeling. The ceiling fan tried to work, but just could never get going. The handle was loose on the exterior door to my room and looked to be in danger of falling off the door. My curtains did not close all of the way unless I held them in place with something heavy (a Chicago phone book did the job). One of the windows looked directly into an office less than 10' away. The walls are paper thin with no sound insulation, so your neighbor's business is your business.The location of this facility is the only thing that it has going for it. Right in the heart of downtown Chicago. You are walking distance from everything including a ride up to the top of the Sear's tower. I will definitely return to Chicago for a longer visit in the future, but the Union League Club will not be retaining my business. Please do yourself a favor and do not stay here since they force a pretentious atmosphere on you, but don't back it up with clean and modern living arrangements.	
Apr 9 2006	Not impressed--tired and worn!	Tired and worn. We stayed @ the Union League Club for the weekend in April 2006. Not impressed in the least. The bed was horrendous--we did not get ANY sleep all weekend. The matress was marshmellow soft. The pillows were nasty. Carpet and furnishing were worn. Tiny bathroom. LOUD heating system that will keep you up in the middle of the night. Would never join and would never stay there again. Did not like anything about it.	
Dec 2 2005	Over 100 years old and showing it	The Union League Club of Chicago prides itself on tradition. I spent 5 days here while on business. This facility must have been grand in its day. Alas, no longer. It's tired and dowdy and does not appear as elegant in true life as it does on the website.It is clean and reasonably priced ( $169 daily ) and is well located in Downtown Chicago close to The Mercantile Exchange and a short walk from the Art Institute and Millenium Park. Staff are polite but services are limited.Jeans are not allowed Monday to Friday. While this is probably to maintain a sense of distinction and tradition, I suggest a major makeover of this hotel would achieve the same but with more credability.I would not choose this hotel on my next visit but it may be suitable if your budget is restricted.	
