Oct 19 2009 	Loved it!	Our room was spotless and we had a great view of downtown. The bed was very nice and comfortable. There is a 24 hour shuttle that will take you to Midway and the CTA station. We really liked having a fridge in the room. We used name your own price on priceline and paid next to nothing for a great room and sevice. Cons: no free wi-fi in the room and you have to pay to park. Overall - would stay here again. Can't really go wrong with a Marriott!	
Jul 30 2009 	Super Convenient 	Booked this one through priceline for the last night of a recent trip for $95 (a jaunt to Indiana to see family book-ended by good times in Chicago). We weren't expecting much, just a convenient location and free shuttle to the airport for our very early a.m. flight. Boy, were we pleasantly surprised! The hotel was beautiful, the staff was great, and the room was fantastic with a very comfortable bed. We could also see downtown Chicago from our room...which promptly inspired us to use the free hotel airport shuttle. We caught a free ride over to Midway, hopped on the orange line into the city (took about a half hour or so), geeked out on the Sears Tower, had a nice cocktail and some appetizers in a very nice downtown hotel lobby (sorry, don't remember which one), and caught the last train back to Midway--where we were promptly picked up again by the free hotel shuttle. Awesome. We couldn't have spent a better last night in Chicago and were totally not expecting to sneak in one last hurrah out on the town! In the morning we got a drama free shuttle back to Midway.I don't know that I would recommend booking a Midway area hotel for a fun trip to Chicago...we actually got our room downtown (Hyatt Regency) for the first two nights we were there cheaper than the Marriott...and riding the train back and forth would probably get old after a day or two...but I can definitely recommend this hotel.	
Dec 31 2008 	I'll be back!	As a lover of Marriot hotels, I booked two rooms for a mother/darughter weekend to see The Color Purple. My mom, grandma and cousin arrived that afternoon. They didn't hesitate to call me to rave about how beautiful the hotel was. &quot;Great pick,&quot; they said. Later that evening, I flew in to Midway then caught the trolley straight to the hotel. It was the best experience- fast and convenient. There are several restaurants nearby both fast food and dine in. If you're looking for a taste of Chicago Giordano's is down the street and they deliver. Another plus is that to get downtown is a ten minute drive, much closer than O'Hare. Would definately stay again.	
Nov 23 2008 	You would not believe it!	My husband won a trip to Chicago to see the Titans and Bears play. It included airfare and Hotel accommodations at The Hilton Chicago. Compare the two, my husband and I were much more pleased with the Marriott that we booked ourselves, as far as the comfort, room accommodations and price difference between the two.Thumbs up all the way for the Marriott at Midway, 2008!!!!	
Jul 21 2008 	Proceed with caution..	This hotel seemed to be the nicest in the area and competitively prices. This hotel isn't terrible but it isn't good either. The lobby smells so bad and odd that the smells could actually be fumes that are bad for your health. The staff pretends to be helpful but never follows up on needs or issues. They asked us for a card but incidentals and claimed it would not be charged. We then found random charges for $75, $95 etc... For every day that we were there. And our rooms were pre-paid using Marriot points! They said they would remove the charges but never actually removed them! Puddles of water were left in the elevator on fake marble floors. The star bucks in the lobby has only left over and stale pastries and the neighborhood is surrounded by check cashing places and liquor stores. Stay away and if you do, please only use a credit card.	
Jun 5 2008 	Thoroughly recommend	The staff at this hotel could not have been friendlier. We found them exceptional. The hotel restaurant (Dempsey's) had very good food and we would recommend it if you are staying in the hotel. Service was excellent. Our room was well appointed and our bathrooms were a cut above the usual hotel bathrooms. Everything was very clean and the hotel is very well managed with a dedicated and well-trained staff. I would recommend this hotel.	
May 19 2008	...got my money's worth	Flew into Chicago-Midway for the first time. Was spending three nights to tour the City. For someone with NO mobility problems, staying near the Airport works fine. The area around the Marriott has several new hotels - probably all of which are less expensive than the $170/night, single that I spent. But the difference in nightly rate for most is small (less than $30) so decided on the Marriott. All the hotels have access to a shuttle service (every fifteen minutes) to Midway. Once at Midway it is easy to jump on the ORANGE line train that takes you downtown in about twenty minutes. For a two-day pass (unlimited travel) the tarif is $9 purchased in the Midway station. There is a lot of walking if the hotel-airport-train procedure is used - a person with mobility problems might consider staying downtown.The hotel room was modern, comfortable and quiet. Eating in the hotel consists of either room-service, or visiting the in-house restaurant (Dempsey's), or trying the in-house Starbucks. I tried all three and found the food quality (except Starbuck's) to be hit-and-miss. Because of the convenience of the shuttle, and the quality of the room, I would definitely stay here again	
Sep 4 2007 	Nice Stay	I recently booked the Marriott Midway at the last minute during the Labor Day weekend. Most of the hotels downtown were sold out (or ridiculously overpriced for the holiday) and I found the Marriott to be reasonable ($159/night). Staff were very courteous and professional, and surprisingly I was upgraded to a full suite. My room had a small kitchenette, fridge, microwave, &amp; a coffee maker. There were lots of cabinets &amp; drawers in the kitchenette, but curiously there were no dishes or cutlery. The room had a huge combo dining/living room area, with a formal dining room table that sits 6. The adjoining king bedroom was spacious, with a separate TV and comfy linens. The bathroom was also very spacious, with a Jacuzzi whirlpool. The toiletries were rather scant, and weren’t replenished the 2nd day of my stay, but that was a small inconvenience. Marriott’s lobby is very large and there’s an Irish/American restaurant (Dempsey’s) attached. They are currently constructing an adjoining Starbucks. The fitness center was better than most, 3 TVs, lots of cardio equipment, weights and a universal. It overlooked the indoor pool which was a decent size and also had a bubbly whirlpool.While I would have rather been downtown, the location of this Marriot was great (5 mins. from Midway). There’s a complimentary shuttle to and from the airport, and the shuttle also goes to the other hotels on the compound (Courtyard, Fairfield, Sleep Inn, etc.). My only complaint about this Marriott was being charged for a $107 phone call I didn’t make, however the front desk staffer graciously took it off my bill. All in all, a decent hotel.	
May 16 2007 	The Marriott is great.	Have stayed in this hotel three times this year. All aspects of the stays have been excellent from the initiial contact with the desk by telephone thru the entire stay,Excellent place to stay in the Midway Airport area.	
Sep 1 2006 	A little distance from downtown a lot of quality	We stayed here for a long weekend in the middle of August. The price was quite reasonable for an attractive well-maintained hotel. Lobby staff performed their jobs in a really professional manner. Connections, via trolley bus and public-transit train, were great for getting downtown. The hotel is located in an area I affectionately refer to as &quot;the compound&quot;, as there were a number of other facilities all grouped together. Free parking is great and the area felt very safe.	
Aug 20 2006 	Dream weekend in Chicago!	We were recently in Chicago for the MLS AllStars vs. Chelsea FC match and had called our travel agent to see where to stay. She suggested Marriott-Midway as it was a nice hotel and close to Toyota Park where the match would be. We were very pleased when we arrived at the hotel. Plenty of parking space, and the room was splendid! Very comfy and cozy, with plump featherbeds, 360+ count sheets and just very very clean. Everything was first class. The staff was terrific, especially their Irish concierge. The loveliest of people to work with and they made our stay one that we will never forget. We will surely stay there again when we are in Chicago for a visit or to see another great soccer match!	
Jul 22 2005	Good Hotel Good location Good Service	This hotel was clean, comfortable and well staffed, and I had no problems at all. If I have to make a flight out of O'hare, I will be staying here again. And the $9/day parking beats the $13/day at O'Hare any day!	
Jul 23 2004	Great	Fantastic place for my family. The staff was wonderful and the area was secure. This is a new property and we were extremely pleased. Would certainly stay here again.	
Aug 19 2009 	Excellent choix		
