	Trying too hard and forgets the basics	TheWit is trying to be a trendy, hip hotel, but has forgotten the basics that guests are looking for--comfort &amp; service. The rooms are uncomfortable--small, odd furniture, the bathroom sink is strangely shaped and so tiny that it fails to drain water. The bathroom door slides open, which was annoying and leaves for very little privacy. The service is spotty. We had requested items from housekeeping and had to call multiple times. In the interim, we received a rubix cube and jelly apple--fun touches, but would much rather have received the towels that were needed. I can't imagine staying at this hotel on a business trip. The internet is not free and overall the hotel room is hard to function in, given the size and odd design of the bathroom. The hotel gym and rooftop bar were top notch, but not a reason to stay at the hotel or recommend it. Go elsewhere for a more polished and relaxing stay.	
Nov 22 2009 	Plenty of Better Hotels In Chicago	I stayed at the Wit at the recommendation of a friend, who told me that the hotel was new, the rooms were clean and the roof top bar was a great nighttime spot. While I agree with that description, there are a few critical items those considering the Wit should know. First, the rooms are TINY. Two of us could not move around at the same time comfortably. The bathroom is small and NOT functional. The sink is &quot;modern&quot; and absolutely ridiculous. Also, there was a charge for use of the Internet in the room, even for Platinum Hilton Honors members. Second, as a first time visitor to Chicago, I found the hotel to be in an undesirable location. Yes, it is near the El, but Chicago is not that big and is quite walkable (on a warm day). I would have much preferred to be on the other side of the river, closer to Lake Michigan and the Gold Coast shopping. Taxis are not expensive, so if you wish to visit sights in the Loop area, my recommendation is to stay elsewhere and make the quick trip over. The only plus of being near the El was being able to easily travel to Wicker Park, which was a great place to walk around and spend a day. But a taxi from Michigan Avenue to the center of Wicker Park cost less than $10. Finally, while the rooftop was fun and a nice place to get a drink, it is not reason to stay in the hotel. A hotel key grants you immediate access to the roof, but it did not appear that non-guests had to wait (and this was Friday night). Because we were there on points (this is a Hilton), we ended up checking out and walking across the river to the Conrad (also a Hilton) for a GREAT stay. Next time I visit Chicago, I plan to skip the Wit.One positive note, the gym was clean, new and nice with TVs on each cardio machine and plenty of ellipticals, bikes and treadmills.	
Nov 13 2009 	Stay here!	Stayed at The Wit for 4 nights at the end of October with a friend. We had a room with 2 queen beds and a massive tv! Room was spacious and really clean, maids did a good job each day and not forgetting the beds which are soooo comfortable!Hotel is a great location, can walk everywhere including to Navy Pier, Art Institute, Willis Tower and The John Hancock Centre (or as we were told in the lift as we came down, we could now call it 'The John' which slightly amused us 2 English people!). The Hotel is right by the El but this didn't disturb us and we used it to get to the Aquarium.Staff at the Hotel are very friendly and helpful, recommended places to eat, helped with our onward travel, no question was too small for them. Special mention to the door staff who welcomed you back each day as if you had always been there. And the cookies are good too!I can't fault anything about this hotel and we had an amazing stay.	
Nov 11 2009 	Great massage!	I had heard amazing things about the spa at the Wit, so I decided to try it for myself. I loved it! The atmosphere was serene and the locker room was private (had it all to myself) and provided everything I needed and wanted. Even when I was waiting for my massage to begin, I had the most amazing tea. The Tranquil massage was such a treat, especially since I'm a dancer, so I need to keep my muscles healthy. Overall, I would definitely come back again. A pleasure!	
Nov 11 2009 	Best Hotel I've stayed in!	I can't say enough about the Wit. Very trendy and cool, yet friendly and down-to-earth. The Front Desk staff is friendly; the doormen are great!; our housekeeper, Claudia, was excellent. She would leave us little friendly notes to wish us a &quot;Happy Friday&quot;, etc. The nature sounds on the floors are a nice touch! The rooms are a bit small but the furnishings are very nice. The location is perfect! We walked (or trained) everywhere. Lots of choices in the hotel for food...love State &amp; Lake. The Roof is nice, a little overpriced for drinks, I thought.All in all, we can't wait to come back to Chicago and the Wit! We will recommend this hotel to EVERYONE! Thanks for a great time!!!!	
Nov 10 2009 	Fantastic Fall Weekend in the City	We had an opportunity to stay at theWit for a fall weekend getaway in Chicago. This hotel is where all the action is. It is a perfect location to go in either direction to all the great places in Chicago. We enjoyed being so close to Macy's and theater on Sat. and then on Sunday, up North, to great restaurants. We were warmly greeted by hotel staff when we arrived. The doormen are some of the nicest in the city! Stepping into the hotel is like stepping into another world. The lobby is young, hip and modern but the music in the hallways to our room created a calming affect. The hotel rooms were spotless and fun to enjoy the great bathroom stuff. We had lunch at Cibo Matta (definitely try the onion dip) and, of course, drinks on Roof. Can't wait to see this view in the winter and how we're going to be kept warm! Definitely, a great view to see the Christmas decorations. TheWit is just a fun, great place from the minute you step into the hotel until you leave. It's a must see in Chicago!	
Nov 10 2009 	Racism at The Witt is Huge and Unacceptable	I booked a junior spa suite at The Witt for my birthday on Friday August 14, 2009. My experience was havoc and I expressed the issues via e-mail and was provided a comp return stay with the expressions that it would be better this time around. That comp stay came along with $100 in restaurant certificates. I was very skeptical about returning to The Wit considering my previous experience and all of the reviews on facebook of others who have visited as well as the reviews online regarding the situation that is very typical at The Wit since you guys opened.I put my thoughts to the side and decided to return for my husband 39th birthday this past Friday November 6, 2009. I checked into the hotel at 4:15pm cst and upon check – in the hostess did not 1) provide me with a cookie 2) share the literature about The Roof and offer a pass to attend The Roof in case of a rush. I say this because right next to me a couple was checking in and they received a 1) a cookie and 2) The hostess expressed to them that there was a rooftop lounge and offered them a pass to attend. I asked my hostess “What about The Roof”? She said “Ooh it’s not typically crowded now since we slowed down so you really don’t need a pass”. I insisted that I receive a pass and a cookie and she gave me a pass for two. I told her that I had a couple people having dinner with us at Cibomatto and I would like to take them to The Roof afterwards as well so she supplied me with another card with the number 6. The evening was set and we started with dinner at Cibomatto with a party of 8 at 7:00pm cst. We were seated at the chef table and dinner began, the food was AWESOME and our waitress Hyatt was equally AWESOME. The check arrived and it totaled $456.13 (I was a math major so I am swift with math) each of my 3 couples paid a portion on their credit cards. Couple#1 $191.50 – Couple #2 $90.00 – Couple #3 $129.63 &amp; my husband and I supplied $100 in gift cards and asked that the balance be taken from the gift cards which was expressed to the server to use first. The waitress returned with all three credit card copies and stated that she left off gratuity which is fine because we know how to tip, but the question was rose by myself “Where is the $45 that is left over after charging all 3 cards and taking the $100 in gift cards. She couldn’t explain so she sent her lovely manager who couldn’t explain either so I explained to him to take $15 from each credit card total (which equals $45) and each individual who used cards can add it to the tip line ($45 tip = 10% of check). I went on to provide him with a $100 bill and asked for change so that I can add to the tip to make it 18%. Without listening to why I wanted change he looked at each receipt and saw that so far the tip was $45 and stated “ You guys are ONLY going to leave $45, was she that bad of a waitress?” We all were in shock because first of all we were not only going to leave $45 I needed change to add the other $25 to make it a $70 tip and secondly because who asks something like that to people spending money in your restaurant. The change arrived and I placed an additional $25 on the table and left because I was just very outdone. My husband went to the suite before the bill came to freshen up so he was not there for this initial profiling situation. However when we were getting on the elevator there was a hostess putting bracelets on people to allow them to go to the roof and each of the dinner guest received bracelets except the 3 people who left out of the restaurant before the bill was closed. Once we made it to the suite my husband saw the bracelets and insisted on going to get one for himself. He did so and low and behold the manager of Cibomatto pulled him into his office to say “What did my waitress do wrong? Because the tip was inappropriate and was not even 10% of the check” My husband had no clue what he was talking about because he knows that we tip all the time so he came back to the suite and expressed what happened and I was taken back even more that this manager again insulted our intelligence and professionalism.\We just decided to ignore it and stay in the suite and have fun so we did and a lot of friends from NY, ATL and LA were in town for my hubby birthday and at least 70% of the people stood in line to receive a bracelet before coming up to our suite. However there were 3 people who stopped at the front desk to just come to the suite and since I didn’t answer the phone the hostess gave them a KEY TO MY SUITE and a pass for the ROOF with my name on it (which I still have all the passes given out with my name on them at the front desk). I find that disturbing because if I was not in the suite when people arrived they had all access to my belongings and all and I made a complaint immediately. My guest began to disburse from the suite and head to The Roof with bracelets, passes they were given, etc.. My husband and I didn’t leave the suite to head up until later and once we got there with the pass I was given at check-in we were told that there were too many people from my suite # on the Roof (WHICH BY THE WAY WAS NOT CROWDED BY NO MEANS) and we couldn’t attend. I immediately asked them to point these people out and they pointed out some and I said look at their arm (A Bracelet), the others I said show him you pass and they did, the others were not even with us (about 30ppl) and I asked how did you associate them to be with my group and couldn’t get a straight answer however I know the answer, it’s because we are of the AFRICAN AMERICAN descent and we were profiled as all being together because of that and all of my CAUCASIAN friends who came out and PHILLIPIAN friends that came out didn’t 1) have to obtain a bracelet, 2) were not stopped at the elevator when entering the roof or even asked to present a card or bracelet. This to me was not a surprise because this same thing happened in August for my Birthday so I was just hoping that some change went into effect and that the RACISM would have ended due to the numerous reviews that express RACISM toward African Americans.The Wit doesn't cater to African Americans BY NO MEANS and I feel that they trian thier staff that way. All the positive reviews should be checked according to the nationality of the individuals because I posted a OPEN LETTER TO THE PUBLIC on FB and I recieved 900 comments and ALL WERE NEGATIVE about thier experience and those that responded negative were African American because that is who recieves the BAD TREATMENT.	
Nov 9 2009 	Great Hotel	Great Hotel. Room were amazing with great view of the city. Clean rooms, firm beds, pillow selection from soft to firm. All the ammenties of home.Restaurants menus had a wide selection. Hotel staff were very knowledgeable, curtious and helpful. Rooftop bar was to die for. Would recommend to all my friends and family. Planning on staying there for New Years Eve.	
Nov 4 2009 	Still working out the kinks	We stayed at the Wit for the city Marathon in October and mostly concur with the previous reviewers' comments. Little touches like the nature sounds in the hallways and the modern furnishings contribute to an overall positive experience. The rooftop bar and State and Lake restaurants are convenient services. However several gliches in service were poorly handled. Our shower had almost no water pressure and the shower head needed to be handheld because the bracket was broken. We called for repairs and when we returned to the room in the evening, the shower head had been 'rubber banded' to the bracket. We also never had room cleaned during our stay since we left at 9am and returned at 5pm and the housekeeping staff was still working in the hall. Rooms are small, similar to NYC hotels. Our 'river view' king spa room's description led us to think there was more that sufficient room for 2 parents and one tween. However we needed to majorly rearrange the room each evening so our son could sleep on the pull out sofa. It left no floor space so we needed to walk on the mattresses to get from one side of the room to the bathroom. A 'river view' meant standing on your tiptoes in the corner window to get a view.	
Nov 2 2009 	Top notch in every sense of the word	Just returned from a brief but memorable stay at the Wit. I read the reviews and changed my reservation from the Marriott just to see what the buzz was about. I wasn't disappointed.First class check in. Professional, courteous and very friendly. Gave my sister and I the lay of the land and offered suggestions on a place to find a costume for Halloween. They were hosting an event with a $1,000 cash prize! Had drinks at the Roof. Nick our bartender couldn't have been nicer. He remembered us by first name when we went back later in the evening - how often does that happen anymore?Bellmen and doormen were the best! Huge smiles, welcomed us back every time we entered the hotel. Just an all around nice feeling.I would highly recommend treating yourself to this hotel.	
Nov 1 2009 	Incredibly AMAZING Place	My boyfriend and I have been to a lot of different hotels, but NOTHING comes close to THE WIT. From the time we pulled up to the hotel unitl the time we left, we had inpecable service. My boyfriend planned a whole night out in the city for my birthday this weekend, and with the help of the hotel staff..It was a truley AMAZING experience. The people at the front were incredibly sweet and accomadating. Although someone else checked us in, BRITTANY was absolutely amazing at setting everything up for Jeff and I this weekend..She put us in the Paramount Suite..and was so gracious to have champagne and chocolate covered strawberries set up in our room. Needless to say, Brittany was extremley helpful and went above and beyond to make our experience unforgetable. I could not have asked for a better night (out and in) for my birthday. I honestly didn't want to leave the room when we first arrived. We were FLOORED once we walked into our beautiful suite. There was a bouquet of roses setting OH SO perfectly on the counter with birthday balloons..So as soon as we walked in, they were right in plain view. We could not get over how big and beautiful the room was. And the Champaigne and chocolate covered strawberries were a perfect touch to the beginning of a beautiful night. And not to mention the hand written letter and birthday card that Brittany was so kind to write for us. I just can't get over how amazing our experience was at the Wit. Jeff and I sipped on the champaigne as we were getting ready for the big night out. We went to dinner, to a comedy show, and back to the bar at the top of the hotel..The Roof..That was the type of ultra lounge that Jeff and I will definately come back to....The drinks were great..and the decore was definately our style. That was a night to remember. When we checked out, we had the opportunity to talk to Brittany a lot more. She is definately a great asset to the Wit Hotel. If it weren't for her incredibly generous service..I don't know if our stay would have been as amazing as it was..OH and we also recieved this &quot;TO GO&quot; cookie..It was delicious. Jeff and I wanted to mention that the valet service was unheard of..We had four gentlemen helping us carry our belongings out to our car..Everyone at the Wit Hotel had a smile on their face like they actually enjoyed being apart of the hotel..and that is extremely refreshing to see. So Jeff and I want to thank EVERYONE that made our night unforgetable, and we will definately be back in the near future. Next time we may try out the spa when we have more time to explore the beautiousness of the hotel..Thanks so much again....We are truley grateful..Nicki	
Oct 26 2009 	Love love love the Wit.	Just got back home from two nights at the Wit for our first anniversary and our expectations were exceeded by the service, room and restaurants.The check in process was quick and smooth, and we were provided with those delicious, warm Double Tree cookies.We were upgraded to a corner room because I'm a diamond member, and while the room wasn't large, it was plenty spacious, nicely decorated and full of top notch amenities including a huge plasma tv, amazingly comfy bed, and tub large enough for 2. When we entered our room there was this plate of all these interesting chocolates that included a coupon for the spa which looked more like art (of course we ate it though).While I did not use the fitness center I did check it out and it was very nice - large with many new cardio machines and it had a great view overlooking state street.Each day the turn down service came they left us a little knick knack that I really got a kick out of - one day it was a rubix cube key chain and the second it was a branded magnetic clip. I commented it would be fun to stay longer and see what other little gifts they left.As others have stated, the location is fabulous.The staff was always very friendly, greeting us every time we we came and went from the hotel.We ate breakfast in the restaurant downstairs twice (coupons again) and it was delicious (I'd go back just to have the short rib omelet - yes it was THAT good). One night we went to the Roof and, while a bit pricey, thought the drinks and food were very good (I had some sort of bourbon and pumpkin cocktail that was our of this world). The ambiance is worth the trip - lots of fire and even though it was a slightly chilly evening we were comfortable with all of the heaters around.We loved this hotel and had a great stay and a memorable anniversary. Can't wait to go back.	
Oct 26 2009 	Everything Chicago has to offer at your fingertips.	What can I say about the Wit Hotel? It's fantastic! A wonderful experience awaits! One of the best beds I've ever slept in--we got a great night's sleep every night. The location is fantastic! You can walk, catch an easy taxi, grab the bus, and/or take the Elevated Train anywhere in the city. The hotel is centrally located. Traveling from the Midway airport to the Wit was a snap on the CTA Orange Line. The trains are very clean and fun to ride. The hotel staff is extremely helpful, knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive! Our room was always straightened up and tidy when we returned from our adventures at the end of the day. I had made special arrangements with the Concierge of the hotel beforehand so upon our arrival, my wife was treated to a great floral arrangement, chocolates from three different chocolatiers in the city, champagne, and a deep-dish pizza (something my wife and I hadn't experienced before)! I can't say enough about the Concierge! Li Feng went to great lengths to assist me in surprising my wife. It was in celebration of our ninth wedding anniversary. The view was great. We could see both the Chicago River and Lake Michigan from our view (18th floor). Again, Li was always ready with a dinner reservation, suggested site seeing, tour, etc. I strongly urge anyone visiting Chicago to take the Architectural Boat Tour of the city (which the concierge helped me set up). The bar at the top of the building, The Roof, was fantastic. Not only was the view breathtaking but the drinks and food were very good. The food is served in a &quot;tapas&quot; fashion. The staff are very attentive and friendly. The room was very stylish, roomy, posh, friendly, and inviting (see attached pictures). There are two plugs on each bedside lamp (for mobile phone charging, etc.). Near the desk, you can attach your laptop to direct Ethernet or phone line, TV connection, electrical outlets, etc. There's one very helpful telephone by the bed which speeds up contacting the front desk, getting room service, housecleaning, etc. We spent one night indoors and it was great (room service was fast and the food excellent). I can't say enough about the bed. Even though I didn't take photos of the bathroom, I can say that it was always clean and very well appointed (really nice fluffy towels). The sink is shallow so be careful when running the tap. There was a combined tub and shower in our bathroom and water-saving toilet. The door separating the bathroom from the main room was also a full length mirror. Throughout the day, forest and animals sounds are played in the hallways to mark the times of the day! We loved it! One of the best hotel experiences by far!	
Oct 19 2009 	location location location	the wit is in the heart of downtown chicago. every major attraction is within walking distance. the staff was friendly and the rooms were very clean. the restaurants were a bit pricey but overall it was a great place.	
Oct 18 2009 	Lots of room for improvement	This is a doubletree hotel, but don't expect any cookies, I never saw any.Great bar on the roof, if only they knew how to make a drink. There are bar snacks but be prepared to pay, $9 for french fries? Breakfast is adequate but service is lacking, and the coffee is weak dishwater. Soundproofing in room kept the el sounds to a minimum, but sirens come through loud and clear, as does the slamming of the heavy room doors. Barely adequate hot water in your bathroom. Gigantic sink in that bathroom begs the question, why? For all the raves this place gets there's lots of room for improvemnt.	
Oct 16 2009 	Loved it	Stayed for two night for chicago marathon in october. in the past, i've been to hilton chicago, palmer house and marriot at the magnificent mile but hotel is my new favorate hotel in chicago. when i walked in, i thought the lobby was bit small but it was really pretty inside, better then the pictures i've seen. the room was nice, bright colors, big window in the room and QUITE. i thought the mattress was little soft but still comfortable.i went to the spa for a massage, bill was great! ate dinner and breakfast at the state and lake restaurent on the 1st floor, the food was very good. i would even come back just for the food, it was that good! try the steak and eggs for the breakfast, you won't be dispointed ($14)at my departure, i was greeted by Patricia, she called me by my name. &quot;wow&quot;! ( only saw her once at the check in)	
Oct 14 2009 	Chicago Boutique and Trendy	Had a great stay with my son, the biggest CUBS fan ever! Great location on EL route from Midway and Wrigley! Great service at check in desk. Room was wonderful and new and modern. Bathroom is large and products were very nice. Triple loved the outdoor bar on the roof! Next stay is with my wife!	
Oct 8 2009 	Great location and amazing comfort public transportation out the door!	This was a trip to visit colleges for my 17 year old daughter. My 24 year old son also came along. We arrived at 7:30 am and couldn't check in until almost 2 pm. The hotel staff took our bags and directed us to a great 'local' diner for a great breakfast. We then went on an Architectural Boat Tour of the city and shopped on Michigan Ave. All easy walking distance from the hotel. When we needed to travel to the colleges we stepped right out the door - not even crossing a street - and were on the EL train! We even rode the train to and from the airport for only $2.25 per trip!	
Oct 5 2009 	Fabulous location. Excellent views. Service needs work.	We stayed overnight at the Wit to celebrate my 40th birthday. We had a nice and spacious 2-room suite on the 21st floor. Check in took a bit longer than I would like - however given the activity in the lobby - we were willing to wait. The rooms were great - decor excellent and a good value. Enjoyed our stay immensely until we received our bill and questioned the front desk about a restaurant charge that was not ours. Not only did the front desk attendant never apologize, but her overall attitude of guilty until proven innocent did not go over well. When asked what we would be billed, given the charges were incorrect her comment was &quot;I will e-mail you&quot;. It was like pulling teeth to get the final amount being billed to our card (in fairness they did not charge us for the restaurant charges), and her overall demeanor was so full of attitude that it really soured the overall experience for us. Too bad, as we really liked the hotel, but next time we'll be staying somewhere else.	
Sep 30 2009 	Doesn't get much better	The Wit hotel has everything going for it. First off, the hotel itself. Brand new, still sparkling and clean. The finishes in the room were top notch. We were fortunate enough to have a lake view, corner room, meaning we had windows on two different walls. Not only that, but a third huge window in the bathroom, with a view of the theater district. Comfy bed, huge flat screen TV, and warm cookies available in the lobby all day long. Top it all off with one of the most popular night spots in the area, the rooftop bar. You get to avoid the huge line by showing your room key.The hotel staff was more than accommodating as well. We arrived at about 5:30am the day we were set to check in. Since check in isn't until 4pm, our exact room wasn't ready. Rather than make us wait, the staff got us into an alternate, clean room so we could shower and nap. When our room was ready, the staff moved us to the correct room without any hassle at all. It was a great service experience.The location was also amazing. The hotel is right on the corner of one of the transportation hubs of the city. Whether you were looking to take the elevated train or subway, you were steps away from every line you would need to take you anywhere throughout the city. Quick and easy food options were steps from the door (Dunkin Donuts, Potbelly sandwiches, etc), and within a couple of blocks, you've got Chicago classics including Pizzaria Uno, The Chicago Chop House, and Rick Bayless' two awesome restaurants. You're also in the heart of the theater district and are very close to shops, museums and Millennium Park.All in all, the Wit played a key role in making sure we had an amazing Labor Day trip to Chicago.	
Sep 29 2009 	Been here twice always nice	I've had the pleasure of staying at the new Wit twice since its opening in May of 2009. Overall, the hotel is a welcome addtion to Chicago's Loop, both in terms of additional hotel rooms as well as the fantastic Roof and great restaurants.I live in Chicago so I have a pretty good sense of what works in this fabulous city. The Wit is perfectly located for people in town on business, who want to be close to Millenium Park and the Art Institute or people wanting to be in the heart of the theater district. Shopping on North Michigan Avenue is an easy walk, as is both the Sears...I mean Willis...Tower and the Hancock Building/Water Tower (ahem, American Girl). One can also get to Navy Pier on foot or by a very short cab ride.Rooms are on the modern side. Many will have a bright neon stripe running diagonally across the windows, which can be blocked using the drapes. Beds are very comfortable and the TV is quite nice. Amenities are good. My only complaint on the room is the oversized, shallow sink which creates a challenge for someone trying to wash their face. Definitely an example of form over function.The rooftop bar &quot;Roof&quot; is not to be missed. It has quickly become one of the most desired spots on the nightlife scene as evidenced from the long lines down Lake Street on several nights per week. There is a large outdoor space with good views of downtown Chicago as well as enclosed space to protect against the elements. You can also have a small group occupy a private area which extends out from the building--not for the faint of heart. There are fire pits in the outside area to warm the bodies in non-summer months. Drinks are not cheap, but the wine list is nicely diversified and the cucumber mojitos are quite yummy.Both restaurants are excellent. I had breakfast only twice at State and Lake--both times the food was great. This venue also does a pretty good later bar and grill business. The second floor creative Italian restaurant Cibo Matto, takes a very unique view of Italian cuisine and is a great pre or post theater choice.My only other complaint is the lack of on site self parking. Valet is available, however it is less expensive (at least by a little) to park in one of the many self park garages located within 1-2 blocks of the hotel. The hotel is also easily accessible from both O'Hare and Midway via the El. The Blue Line from O'Hare stops about 4 blocks from the property; the Orange Line from Midway stops almost on top of the hotel.Make sure upon check in you get a VIP pass for Roof if you are there on the weekend. The place is so popular that they have restricted access quite considerably--if its very crowded, a room key may not suffice. Last note, if you are Hilton Gold/Diamond, make sure you get free breakfast coupons for State and Lake. I noticed that they weren't automatically given out. Overall, one of the most dynamic, vibrant hotels to hit Chicago in quite a while!	
Sep 26 2009 	The Wit is hip and cool - great place!!	I was impressed - I came in through priceline to spend two night in town for a wedding, and I was very surprised with the service, the rooms, the styling and everything. The gourmet cookie was a very nice touch, I loved the contemporary feel of the place, and to top it off, they seem to have one of the hottest night spots in the city up on their roofdeck. It's great being able to jump right past the line with the htoel pass and feel like a rockstar!All this, and being able to sleep very comfortably in a quiet room right below the party. Hands down, my favorite spot to stay in chicago from now on....	
Sep 21 2009 	Nice getaway	Stayed at The Wit for a downtown getaway night. Great location for theaters, Millennium Park, and other attractions. Speedy check-in, courteous desk staff. Very nice room, extremely comfortable king-size bed. Bathroom was shower-only (no tub), shower height was adjustable. The air conditioner was a little noisy at times, and there's a charge for Internet access. Would definitely stay again, though.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great location great staff warm cookies	Stayed at theWit for three nights while chilling out in Chicago. Couldn't have been happier with our choice. The hotel has a trendy, contemporary feel to it, yet it is still comfortable and cozy. The rooms are large and well appointed. Super comfy beds with lots of pillows. Spacious bathroom with a nice big shower and spa tub. Sitting room has plenty of space, lots of seating and big screen tv. (Just in case there happens to be a baseball game that has to be seen).For those who like to spread out, there are lots of drawers and closets for you stuff. Even a kitchenette if you want to bring back leftovers from dinner.Location is terrific. Right next to the El, across from the bus stop, within walking distance to most of the sites.Lastly, the people working there were terrific. From the check-in people at the desk to the bell staff and even the doorman, everyone was friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend the Wit and will stay there again when we return to Chicago.	
Sep 19 2009 	Great property	There is not much to say that other reviewers haven't said already. I was on the 7th floor facing State St. When the windows were closed, the street noise was barely detectable. I had a partial view of the river. Everything was clean and everyone was friendly. Enjoyed 2 drinks and an appetizer on The Roof with some friends. It was very crowded, but we didn't have to wait to get in.I'd go back.	
Sep 18 2009 	Amazing!	Can't say enough good things about theWit. Rooms were large and spacious. Rooms have great views. Hotel staff is super friendly and helpful which is surprising for such a cool, upscale hotel. Food is excellent. The decor is chic. Rooftop bar is amazing - the atmosphere, the drinks, the food - you will love it. If you love boutique hotels, you must check out theWit. This place is stylin'. Oh, and its close to just about everything in Chicago. I can't wait to go back!	
Sep 17 2009 	Best Price and Hotel for the money and don't forget the cookies!	My wife and our youngest daughter who is 20, stay at this hotel for 4 nights. I discovered the hotel from researching on Tripadvisor. I would not stay in any other hotel if I ever come back to Chicago. It is extremely convenient to the train (one block away), the lake, and the Art Institute of Chicago, along with so many other attractions. I'm a lifetime Advantage Gold card member, so I've traveled quite a bit and this hotel rates as one of my favorites. If you are arriving at OHare, take the train (about $5) and don't take a cab (about $45). The train stop for this hotel is only about one long block away from the hotel. One of many Garrett's Popcorn stores is near by. The club at the top of the hotel, called &quot;The Roof&quot; is mainly for singles. For our family, it was a nice place to look at but it was best left for the young singles. The staff is wonderfull and so gracious their guests. You will notice the birds chirping in the hallways during the day and the quiet sounds of crickets at night. These sounds are piped in through the speakers located in the hall. Don't worry, the sounds are not loud enough to be heard in your gorgeous room. I don't think any room has a bad view. Our's had a view of Lake Michigan. The Magnificant Mile is a couple of blocks away. The Chicago Bean is only a few blocks away. The hotel opened a couple of months before our stay. I don't believe you will be disappointed with your stay. And one more thing, yes, this is a Doubletree so those fresh moist and warm chocolate cookies are waiting for you.	
Sep 17 2009 	Great Hotel	Hotel was very nice. Big rooms especially for Chicago. The staff was very curteous and professional. Bed was comfortable, great location. The Restaurant downstairs State and Lake had wonderful food for breakfast.	
Sep 16 2009 	Fantastic Time	Family traveled for family event. We stayed for 6 days. Had a terrific time. The staff was the best. Especially concierge services Mike, Onni, James Housekeeping Martha I. &amp; Khrystina. They were the most helpful of all. They tried to accommodate us with request that we made very readily. Everyone on staff was so very helpful and tried to make our stay as pleasant as possible. We shall return. Chicago was a fun time for all of us. Thanks for making our trip such a success.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great location great room great food	I am an over 50 female business traveler and when I first walked in I was not sure I would like this place but that first impression vanished as soon as I got to my room. The room was spacious and had every amenity you could want including a dining table, fridge,nice desk, large TV, large bathroom, telephones ideal for conference calls. One of my biggest surprises was the best hotel room service meal I have had in a very, very long time. The hotel is steps from the Chicago Theater so you can enjoy a show if you have the time.	
Sep 12 2009 	Enjoyed the location and the customer service at the WIT	First visit to Chicago, flying solo. It'&quot;s amazing the different experiences with the customer service. From the moment I was walked into the doors, everyone was on point with services. Checking my bags and polite check-in. Able to get into my room before 4pm with no hassle.. The restaurant on the first floor had great food and service. The hotel's location is a shopping woman's dream come true. Transportation convenient for touring. The roof top bar/lounge is nice but is congested on the w/e as many reviewers have already mentioned. I definitely would stay at the Wit again !! Oops my room was on the same side as the L- no problem sleeping.	
Sep 7 2009 	Wonderful Experience	Wow, what a beautiful hotel!!! The Wit Hotel in Chicago impressed me from the minute I stepped foot in the lobby. First of all, when you walk you are welcomed with smiles from the staff and a sweet aroma of coconut. It was mine and my husband's wedding anniversary and for kicks, we asked if it were possible for us to get an upgrade on our room; and without hesitation the front desk checked their books but unfortunately, there weren't any rooms available. While we were out the the staff surprised us with champagne and chocolate covered strawberries with a note congratulating us on our anniversary and a sorry for not being able to upgrade us. How sweet of them!!! Every floor is decorated nicely with modern, luxurious, touches. Our room was very clean and I loved the decor from the bathroom sink to the coffee table. I could live there.The 27th floor restaurant/lounge, Roof, was a great experience. Definitely a place to impress guests; and I cannot wait to go back.The Wit made a memorable anniversary, Thanks.	
Sep 7 2009 	The building is fabulous but they have to get it together still...	The new construction is great - nice to stay in an all new place. The decor is contemporary and fun. Location is fabulous - we could walk to everything we wanted to do. Service, on the other hand... they don't quite have it figured out. Waited 30 minutes to check in, which wasn't the end of the world, but the lobby was hot in afternoon sun. I asked the concierge if he could find out what time the will call office at Navy Pier opened. He said &quot;I don't know, but you could call them.&quot; Ahhh... self service concierge concept! We ordered room service breakfast both mornings. Both mornings the order was incorrect, and on the 2nd day there was a dime size piece of hard plastic in the wrong yogurt. First night, after an evening walk, I stopped in the lobby bar and asked for a glass of Chardonnay. Was told no... that I had to order it from room service. Unusual for a Hilton... So I called room service. Was told to get a bottle of wine out of the service bar. Said I wanted a glass, not a bottle. Was told it would be the same price, and that would be a better way to go. So, tired and a littel irritated, I said okay. There was no Chardonnay in service bar... so settled for something else. An NO corkscrew. So I called room service again. They said they would send someone up right away with a corkscrew. So I asked if whomever they were sending could also bring a glass of Chardonnay?? Was told no. Overall, the place was beautiful, but staff needs training.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great Staff Great Experience	What a great weekend. We (the grandparents) tagged along with the parents to move our granddaughter into her School of the Art Institute of Chicago dorm room in the 162 State Street Building -- a mere half block from The Wit. We enjoyed adjoining rooms, WONDERFUL food both from room service and the restuarants in the hotel. Rooms were top notch but the SERVICE was the best. In another life I was responsible for management of hotels across the US and I have never been treated with such friendliness and helpfulness. Valet parking was a dream--we were in and out all weekend--and Steve, the main guy outside, is awesome. Location is perfect for the Loop, Art Institute, Lincoln Park etc. This will be our hotel in Chicago from now on.	
Sep 1 2009 	A FABULOUS Hotel	My friend and I recently stayed at theWit for a long weekend. Neither of us had ever been to Chicago so we were recommended this hotel by others. theWit was trendy, chic, centrally located, and offered impeccable service. Shopping, dining, theater, and nightlife are either IN the hotel or very close by. The rooftop bar/lounge has an amazing view and serves as one of the city's newest and hottest spots. Sure it's trendy and full of young people, but the people in Chicago are some of the nicest I've ever met. Everyone at the hotel was so helpful and full of great suggestions, especially the concierge, Li....AMAZING!! From the bellman to the front desk to the concierge, our entire stay was simply perfect. I would definitely recommend theWit to anyone traveling to the great city of Chicago.	
Sep 1 2009 	Great new hotel! Would definitely come back!	The hotel lobby was beautiful, staff very friendly and courteous. A bottle of wine was sent to our room for our anniversary. Wonderful bathroom, very spacious tub, two could soak in it. Nothing bad at all to say. We also had cocktails in the rooftop lounge &quot;The Roof&quot; and that we may have been too old for but a beautiful view nonetheless and tasty cocktails. Fun to see how the 20-30 yr old crowd mixes it up!	
Sep 1 2009 	New rooms great staff awesome location	This hotel is brand new with top amenities in the guestrooms. Roofdeck bar is great for happy hour / pre-dinner drinks. Located near the Mag Mile. Staff was extremely friendly. There isn't much of a reception area, lobby is tiny.	
Aug 31 2009 	This is a fantastic hotel. Stay here!	My wife and I stayed here whle we were celebrating our anniversary. We had an absolutely fantastic experience, and we would recommend theWit to anyone. We will certainly be back ourselves.The hotel is in a great spot. It is within walking distance of Millenium Park and Michigan Ave. shopping. Navy Pier, the John Hancock building and the Sears (excuse me, Willis) Tower are all within a 15 or 20 minute walk. There are lots of nearby restaurants, from fast food to elegant dining. It is also within a block or two of an L stop, so public transportation around town or to the airports is an easy option.The customer service was fantastic. The front desk staff was great. I mentioned at check in that we were celebrating our anniversary. They gave us a room with a nice view. About 20 minutes after we got in to our room, there was a knock on the door. They had sent up a complimentary bottle of champagne for our celebration. That was a nice, expected surprise. We didn't need to use the concierge because we live in the suburbs and I work in Chicago, so we knew the types of things that were available and what we wanted to do. That, several times when we left the hotel, there were no customers at the concierge desk. Every time that happened, concierge asked whether there was anything he could do to help us. There was a doorman on the inside of the front door who was able to help start the revolving door, particularly for patrons with luggage. The doorman outside were constantly asking if we needed a cab or directions. Everyone we encountered provided excellent customer service.The room wasn't huge, but it was bigger than I thought it might be. In addition to the king bed, there was a couch, a large flatscreen tv, a cabinet that provided space to hang clothes and had 3 drawers. The wall unit that had the tv also extended into a desk area. It wasn't huge, but it certainly was big enough for a laptop and a work space. Even with the furniture, there was plenty of walking space, and it didn't feel cramped.On top of the nice rooms and the outstanding customer service, theWit is a good value. It is relatively inexpensive for a hotel in the area. Our stay was excellent, and we will certainly return.There are a few things that I would say to keep in mind. At 27 stories, it is not the tallest building around. As a result, the views are somewhat limited. If you are looking for a hotel with stunning views of Lake Michigan or the Chicago Skyline, theWit is probably not the place for you. Additionally, the L tracks run along the south side of the building. While the first 5 floors are lobby, restaurants, conference rooms, the fitness center, etc., I am sure that there are at least some rooms on the south side of the lower floors (say 6-10) that have some noise issues from the L. You should be able to avoid that simply by asking for a higher room or one that faces a different direction. There has also been some discussion about the Roof, the hotel bar. As I write this is Aug. 09, Roof is currently one of the trendy bars on the Chicago singles scene. It is a place to see and be seen, and many of the customers come dressed in their club clothes. Additionally, visiting professional athletes and celebrities have been spotted there. The line to get in can be long, although hotel guests get a VIP card that allows them to bypass the line. The line also uses a side door rather than the main hotel entrance. Where there is a line to get in, you will need to show your room key to get to the elevators, because it is the same elevators that access the room floors and Roof. Which bar is currently trendy is something that can change quickly, so who knows how long this situation will last. It wasn't a problem for my wife and I, but I can understand why it might be for some people.To me, the potential problems I mentioned here were not an issue, but are things I think people should be able to take into consideration when deciding where to stay. With these things in mind, and assuming that none of these are deal breakers for you, I give the Wit my highest possible recommendation.	
Aug 30 2009 	Hip and Fun!	Normally when I travel, I stay at very nice, 5 star hotels. I was considering The Pen, The Drake, The Four Seasons etc...but when I stumbled upon The Wit, it just sounded so fun and different from anywhere I have stayed -- so I decided to &quot;go out on a limb&quot; and give it a try. And I have to say also, I was skeptical b/c of some of the mixed reviews this hotel has received but I am so glad that I decided to stay here. From the moment I stepped out of my car, the staff was courteous and very friendly -- opening doors, taking all of my luggage, and offering to do anything I needed. I never had to open a door myself. The reception staff were both friendly, knowledgeable and polite. The free cookies are awesome!! And I love the &quot;cookie raincheck&quot; when they were out!My room was on the 16th floor and it was a corner suite. It had the most amazing views probably of anywhere I have stayed and everything was very well appointed, mod, and fun. I loved all the glass in the room and bathroom. The sink was not a problem at all -- it was really neat. There was no problem with water pressure at all. My room was incredibly neat and clean. Not much noise from the train -- very comfortable beds and pillows -- nice lighting and other techie touches.As for the hotel itself, the location is wonderful -- close to everything. The inside of the hotel is modern with an amazing energetic vibe. The lobby is funky and fun with the unusual glass chandaliers and mod decor. There were all ages staying at the hotel: not just 20 somethings as some reviews have suggested. I did not get a chance to eat at the hotel restaurants but they looked very clean and neat and lots of people were eating there. The Rooftop bar is amazing with unparallelled amazing views. When you stay at the hotel, you have full access to the bar with no waiting and I had a blast partying up there until it closed!! Definitely a place to see and be seen and no one was rude -- everyone was very friendly, down to earth and fun. Just a great atmosphere.I would definitely recommend staying at The Wit. I really can't say anything bad about my stay; it was wonderful.And I wouldn't pay any attention to those few bad reviews out there.	
Aug 26 2009 	HIPCHIC and Affortable	The Wit is a hip, chic, and affortable hotel right in the heart of Chicago! I traveled from Houston Texas to meet girlfriends for a 40th birthday weekend in Chi town! The hotel was in a great location and the L is right across the street (saved on cab fare from airport). The hotel is brand new with a modern flare. We stayed in a 1 bedroom suite on the 26th floor. The suite was big and spacious! The staff was professional there were a couple bumps in the road( 1st suite they gave us was a room for disabled guest), but they changed our room. Had an issue with one of the bartenders at the night club the ROOF, but GM solved that problem promptly with free drinks. If you are looking to party and not want to leave your hotel the ROOF is it. It has a nice atomsphere for happy hour and night light. If you are not a guest in the hotel there is a long line to get in but worth it. Overall very nice hotel and the staff equally matches. Would like to see more diversity within the hotel staff but all in all would come back and stay again!	
Aug 19 2009 	Will never go back!	My friends &amp; I drove 2.5 hrs. to Chicago to celebrate one of my friend's birthday. The Wit is in a great location &amp; looks fabulous on the outside &amp; inside. We decided to have dinner at State &amp; Lake on the 1st floor of the hotel. There was a wait so the GM served us drinks until our table was ready. It took longer than they said to get a table &amp; our waitress was not very friendly. We were very unhappy w/ the waitress' service so we spoke to the GM a/b it. He seemed clueless as to what was going on &amp; asked, &quot;What do you want me to do?&quot; We tried to explain to him &amp; he had no idea what to do. Therefore, we paid our bills &amp; left. He could have at least comped something??? I'm not one to complain or try to get free food but this was awful service! The food was good but for me, if there's not good service it's not worth it. The following morning I called the concierge to find out if there was a vending machine on the floor where we were staying. There is no vending machine in the entire hotel except for the employee break room. He offered to get drinks for us there &amp; to bring them up in 10 min. He never came and we got a call from a woman. She said the vending machine was broken &amp; suggested we go the 7-11 gas station. Wow, thanks! I did not appreciate the service at all. Yes, it is in a great location &amp; it's beautiful, but the Wit needs to work on their guest services. I will not be returning to this hotel.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great experience at the Wit (and yes I'm over 30! Shh!)	I read some recent reviews about this hotel that seemed a bit confusing to me, so I decided to post a review of my own. Hope you all find it useful.My husband and I stayed here August 7 through 10, while we were in Chicago to meet our brand new baby niece. The hotel is incredibly easy to access via the el. If you're flying into midway, it's especially easy b/c the orange line runs all the way out! Check-in was a breeze and the ladies behind the desk were very polite and friendly, and I absolutely did not find them 'shallow' as the other poster did (how does one determine that a hotel staff member is shallow anyway, are you having deep conversation?). They even endured my constant babbling about going to visit my new niece with patience!!! Anyway, I was pleased with the process and headed up to my room on the 21st floor with cookie in hand (by the way, prior to opening the sheers in your room to check out the view, wash the chocolate off your hands! I hear they are having a problem with that!)The room was very nice and modern, with a decent 'partial lake view'. We had a handicapped room so the shower was a bit difficult to manage, but those are building regulations so there's nothing the Wit could do to change that. The room had a kitchenette that we didnt' use, but I liked that we had an option. The room is truly a techie's dream, but we didn't make use of the wireless b/c of the extra cost (and we were on holiday, not spending much time in the room!). Bed was very comfortable.The lounge (ROOF) on the 27th floor has probably gotten a little 'bigger' than the hotel planned for, so the atmosphere at night is a bit strange. The crowd at Roof is very young and very 'single and ready to mingle'. They are dressed to the nines! We checked it out one night but we found that it wasn't what we were looking for (not looking to hook up as we are, in fact, married!) so we went to the lobby bar which we found to be very nice with friendly bartenders and wait staff. $12 cocktail, but then this is Chicago!While the 'Roof' crowd wasn't what we were looking for, nothing about being in the lobby or riding the elevator with the roof patrons made me feel incredibly uncomfortable, and honestly I can't imagine why it would? I didn't find anyone to be pretentious or snobby, I simply enjoyed conversing with different people and people watching. The staff never made me feel like a second class citizen, in fact it was quite the opposite, i sensed they were happy to assist my husband and I in whatever we needed, even if it was just pointing us in the direction of the lake!Overall a great stay! I'd definitely return (and next time, guess what? I'll still be over 30!!!!)	
Aug 11 2009 	Great Hotel Service is The Best!	On our first trip to Chicago, we couldn't have gotten luckier! We got a great deal amazingly enough through Priceline. We got to the hotel and were pleasently suprised. Not only is it beautiful and super trendy, it is close to everything! We flew into Midway, took the L and got right off, and our hotel was right there! Everyone was very welcoming. We checked in and found our room to be awesome! Really trendy and quite large. we were facing the front next to the L and never heard a thing, and we were only 6 floors up. It was slightly annoying to show our card every night because of the Roof, but it really did eliminate the crowdedness in the hotel. Plus the staff was really nice about it. Li, the concierge, was the best. He was so helpful and had great suggestions. He saved us tons of time at the Sears Tower, ask him how! The Wit would do well to give him a raise so tthat he would never be tempted to leave! He even gave us his cell phone number in case we had any questions!!! We have never had that happen before. I also got up every morning half awake and the doormen always pushed the door open for me and pointed me in the right direction. They even helped us with tickets when the concierge staff wasn't available. We felt really taken care of and would absolutely stay there again!	
Aug 10 2009 	I was also forewarned. Pretentious and snobby but staff/location great	Two 53 year olds, two teens in my family. You can read all of these reviews on here, but really, everyone's saying the same thing. Only one type of people can stay here: trendy, well-to-do, well dressed DINKs (double income no kids) in their twenties. That's the truth and that's all there is to say on this subject. If you do not fit this criteria, you will feel out of place and the staff will be reluctant to let you in and try to prevent you from entering the elevator. Anyway, on to the review...PROS- Fresh baked warm cookies at check-in, EXCELLENT location, comfortable beds, great staff, wonderful and helpful conciergeCONS- No lock on bathroom doors, snobby twentysomething name-droppers who judge you on your appearance that come to socialize on the pathetic rooftop lounge, and the staff who try to block you from getting into the hotel because you're wearing flip flops and jeans, showerhead was brokenGreat location, staff, and concierge. I just wish I could take my own little wrecking ball and get rid of the 27th floor lounge. Which would get rid of all those snobs. And then the staff would let me get into the elevator to get to my room. They line up on the sidewalk to get up to the lounge. I got great satisfaction out of waving my VIP card to go to the front of the line (all guests staying there get one for the lounge) while wearing my ripped jeans and flip flops. The showerhead slides on a metal bar to adjust the height, but it kept sliding down.	
Aug 10 2009 	Everything was Perfect...Except....	The Wit is a gorgeous hotel in a wonderful location. The decor is fabulous, the room was immaculate and spacious, the food in the gastropub was superb, the fitness facility better than most, great view, direct to public transport, wonderful service. BUT (this sounds so petty) the water pressure in the shower was the worst I have EVER had in a hotel. In fact, I've bathed at camp grounds that had better water pressure. It was so low that I couldn't rinse the shampoo out of my hair....and I was cold standing inside the shower because there wasn't enough water to warm me. This was so unexpected because everything else was so great.The other little issue is their fridge and minibar. It's on a sensor. So, when I opened the fridge and placed a bottle of water inside to keep cold, I was charged $29. Why? Because everything my water bottle touched was charged to my room--even though I didn't eat or drink a thing. When I returned to the room my water bottle was removed from the fridge and left sitting on the coffee table. The front desk removed the charge when I called. So, I guess you can't use the fridge at all. Glad I'm not diabetic and need to keep my insulin cold!Too bad. If it wasn't for the water issue, I would stay again in a heart beat. They really should do something about that!	
Aug 8 2009 	Loved it	I stayed @ the Wit hotel w/my 3 children ages 15, 12 &amp; 8. It's not really a family hotel (no pool) but still has lots of benefits b/c the location is so great (walking distance to Millenium Park, easy access to museum campus, navy pier, etc). The rooms are chic &amp; comfortable. We were there on a Monday &amp; Tuesday nights &amp; the hotel was very quiet. We did go to Roof late afternoon for a bite to eat &amp; drink. It is incredible. Beautiful design &amp; views. Not a place for little kids &amp; not a place for under 21 in the evening.Nice workout facility.Would be a great place for a couples getaway, girls weekend, business, etc. Good value for the money.	
Aug 7 2009 	Well I was forewarned	When I got in the cab at O'hare and told the driver that I was staying at The Wit he laughed. He warned me that the bar/restaurant on the roof of The Wit was the place to be in Chicago. He also told me that you had to be 30 or younger. He was right. The lobby is small and cramped. After 4pm it is a hopeless mess to get through to your room. The rope line runs outside but the lobby is too small to handle the crowd. The elevators from 4pm on are packed and the amount of perfume and cologne in the elevators is astonishing. You need oxygen to make it to your room. The rest of the hotel is quirky and a little fun. One thing you will find out very quickly is that square sinks look nice but are totally impractical and impossible to use. The rooms are a tech person's dream. The wireless is wonderfully fast and easy to use. The rooms are suprisingly quiet and nicely decorated. I will let you find out for yourself about the sounds in the hallways...pretty cool touch. The staff is young and superficial...but so is everyone else in the hotel. The restaurant is likely the darkest place you will ever eat. You can't read the paper or for that matter see two feet in front of you. Food was good. I want to tell you to avoid the place if you are over 30, but it just has too many cute things to really trash it. So, you too are forewarned ,but enjoy it if you can.	
Jul 28 2009 	Great Location	We arrived in late afternoon on Friday and had no difficulty checking in - we received warm cookies on arrival. The bell hop was extremely pleasand and helpful. The room is small for four adults, but not too cramped. Very modern decor was appealing. The view of the river from our room was amazing, and we were just in a standard double queen room on the 10th floor. The only issue is that the rooftop bar is extremely popular and there were crowds around the hotel from about 6 pm on - both Friday and Saturday night. The hotel staff does what they can to minimize disruption, but we were approached as we walked out of the hotel and asked to sell our room key. Overall it was a good experience and I would return there.	
Jul 23 2009 	Great hotel in a fantastic locaton!	This hotel is in an excellent location for anyone visiting Chicago. The staff were very friendly. We arrived around noon and although I expected to store our bags, they were able to give us a room almost immediately. Our room was very comfortable and we heard very little noise from the corridor (we stayed for 6 nights). We had dinner in the State/Lake restaurant one evening and service was excellent. I would like to see sample menus from the different restautrants in the rooms however as this would have made our choice easier. The Roof seems to be the place to be seen and there is one express elevator for those visiting but all lifts go there which meant that there was a bit of a wait for the lift. This small matter would not prevent me from staying at this hotel again.	
Jul 22 2009 	Trying to be a boutique but not quite there....	We stayed the nights of July 17th and 18th. The hotel is sleek and modern, with some beautiful feminine touches in the lobby. The staff was friendly and had no problems moving us to a room away from the elevator when requested (moved from 1705 in front of elevator to 1714). The rooms aren't well insulated, so the interior noise was pretty bad (guests returning from the Roof bar at 4 in the morning and ordering room service). That said, the exterior noise, like the El, wasn't bad at all.The rooms are smartly decorated and the bed was quite comfortable. No pay per view movies on the tv, which was disappointing for us. The bathroom had a sliding door which didn't really close completely, which would probably be a little awkward if you were traveling with a friend and not a partner. Very shallow (but modern) sinks....just don't turn the water on full blast. The shower was the highlight of the room. Large, with lots of room to move around, great water pressure, and adjustable massaging head.Room service was a little slow and not completely thorough, but food tasted quite good. Room service phone attendant wasn't well versed in menu items.State and Lake restaurant was very good for breakfast, and the ambiance is nice. The ROOF was the highlight of the trip...gorgeous views, tasty (but expensive) drinks. We sat at the uncovered bar and it was gorgeous, the bartenders super friendly. This is not a place to get drunk...it's a place to see and be seen.If you are looking for a romantic hotel, I would say this isn't the best choice. Places like the Amalfi, with Aveda spa toiletries and the complimentary on-floor continental breakfast (throw on some shorts and bring your partner chocolate croissants in bed) are a better choice for the price. But if you are looking for a place on trend, theWit, with the ROOF is spot on...and guests don't have to wait to go up (we saw lots of folks turned away!)	
Jul 20 2009 	Stay here if you want TERRIBLE service but a very nice room. Please read my pros and cons.	Cons:We had reservations, when we checked in, at 4pm, the lady told us they had one room left. Then they gave it to the guy next to us checking in and made us wait an hour to get a room clean. We asked about if there was any self-park park around and she acted discusted and said &quot;well we have valet&quot;. I told her we didn't want valet, and she said she had no idea we would have to ask valet, it wasn't her department. At 11 pm we hear someone trying to key into our room, then knock. (I had double locked the door) We answered the door and it was hotel staff with some new patrons. He says &quot;oh are you guys assigned to this room?&quot;, we said yes, and he said &quot;well we thought it was already assigned to someone&quot; then immediately we get a phone call wanting to know if we were suppose to be in there and what name it was under. Then at midnight we go check out the weight room, we come back and our keys don't work. They had deactivated them when they assigned our room to someone else. Then at 4 am we hear knocking loudly and the telephone ringing for quite some time on the neighbors room/door. It literally was one thing after another there.Now for the pros:The location was great, right by the river walk, and very close to Michigan Ave. The hotel is very clean. Our room was spacous. The room had a huge closet, a big screen tv, a nice glass walk in shower, a real hairdryer (not the standard hotel ones), alarm clock you can plug your ipod into, very nice view of the city and river walk, The bathroom was elegant. The weight room was awesome. There are several ellipticals, free weights, and treadmills. There is a yoga room, complete with all the ammenities you need; there is even a place where you can plug your ipod into the wall so it comes over the speakers.If it weren't for all the goof ups of the staff, this would of been a nice hotel, and I would of given it 5 stars. However, it was one thing after another with them, so there is no way I can recommend it to anyone who is trying to have a nice stay.	
Jul 10 2009 	The Wit Hotel Blew me away!	The location, food, service, atmosphere, and rooftop bar at the hotel blew me away! The Wit hotel is the new hip spot to go in the loop of Chicago, and I would definitely go back. It might not be the best place for families but for a younger crowd the Wit covers all you can ask for and more. I am definitely coming back but to make it even better I received TRIPLE HILTON POINTS!	
Jul 6 2009 	Fantastic Hotel in the Loop	I must say my experience at the Wit Hotel over the 4th of July weekend--was an enjoyable, fantastic one. From the time you enter the hotel---the aroma of the lobby tells you are not in a regular Doubletree property. My check in was smooth--done by Hayli at the front desk. The lobby, while small, does give you an idea of things to come while on your stay at the Wit.Since I am a Hilton Diamond Member I was upgraded to a fabulous King Junior Suite on the 26th floor. The Junior Suite was equipped with a kitchen, stainless steel refrigerator, microwave, cups of various sizes, wine glasses, eating utensils---everything you need to feel at home at the Wit. Some minuses are the lack of a trash bin in the kitchen area, paper towel to dry hands. None the less it was a great added benefit.The room was an impressive size---comparable to any one bedroom apartment you will find in the center of major cities like NYC or Chicago. I had not one but three closets, plenty of storage space, and high ceilings--floor to ceiling windows that flood the room with natural light.The staff will a bit green since the hotel opened in June of 2009, were extremely helpful, friendly and efficient. Housekeeping was wonderful as well. My room was spotless everyday. There is a roof top lounge on the 27th floor that is extremely busy. So be prepared for the added traffic on the elevators of people who are not guests of the hotel. On the weekends it is extremely busy since the roof top is the new hot spot of Chicago.Overall I would definitely use the Wit again. A beautiful hotel near all the hot spots in the Loop. Please be sure to check it out for your next stay in Chicago.	
Jul 5 2009 	A great downtown hotel	This is a fun, hip, and very trendy hotel. It is also comfortable, the staff is great, and the location is excellent. Our room was on the 26th floor and afforded great views of the bean in Millenium Park and the architectural details on neighboring buildings. We had a terrific meal in the State and Lake Restaurant. It was mentioned as the best place for craft brewed beers in Chicago in a New York Times article and it had an amazing draft selection. The roof top night club is amazing, and you dont have to wait in the long line for admission when you stay at the hotel. We are not young hipsters at all but everyone was very friendly nonetheless. A lovely bachelorette party even posed for pictures with us!	
Jul 3 2009 	Boutique hotel with Hilton points	The review below mine is very long and very accurate. This is a brand new hotel (five weeks old) and they definitely have their act together. I travel extensively for work and play and this is the nicest all around hotel I have stayed at in some time.A few things the previous reviews haven't mentioned. When you are in the hallways on your floor their is the faint sounds of basically a forest or jungle coming from the speakers. It is very cool, and is like the warbling of birds, crickets, etc.The workout room is state of the art. I am not a huge fan of Precor equipment (I prefer the Stepmill), but all of the equipment is new and plentiful. There are free weights as well.If you take the train from O'Hare the blue line stops less then three blocks from the hotel or you can change to the red line which stops at the hotel.The only negative review in this forum discusses the fact that the hotel is right on the train tracks. My room was on the 15th floor indirectly facing the tracks. I am a light sleeper and didn't hear a thing. Also the workout room is on the fifth floor and faces down on the tracks and you could barely hear the trains.The room was fantastic, especially the bathroom with a glass shower, and a cool modern square sink. Also the large TV with high def was cool as well.In room computer access was free (though I understand they are eventually going to have a three tiered charging system) and the restaurant for breakfast was excellent.The best thing hands down were the employees from the front desk personnel to the bellmen and valets. Everyone said hello, is there anything you need? Hayli (correct spelling) and Patrick were especially nice. I tracked down the manager, Russ, to compliment him on his excellent staff.An easy choice the next time I am in Chicago.	
Jun 22 2009 	Loved Loved Loved The Wit!	We stayed at The Wit for one great night in Chicago. This is honestly one of my top two stays in Chicago. What a phenomenal hotel! We loved every second of it!!!Location:The location is amazing. It is about a five minute walk from Millennium Park, about two to three blocks, so is great for those who are parking there or arriving on the South Shore Train. It's on State street right by the Chicago Theater and is an easy walk across the river to Michigan Ave. shopping or Rush St. excitement. We were there for a Cubs game and the red line to Wrigley is literally steps away from the front door. Great location.Service:The service we received could not have been more friendly and helpful. We arrived at 11:00 a.m. prepared to simply leave our bags - far earlier than the 3:00 check-in time - but they had rooms ready for us and checked us in immediately. Everyone was exceedingly friendly, from the doormen to the bellhops to the front desk staff. Not only were they friendly but also there seemed to be a fun-loving spirit and joy about what they were doing. And then there were the delicious warm cookies that the front desk handed out...The Room:Our room was on the 18th floor and was fabulous! We were on the west side of the hotel with views of downtown Chicago and the River. All the details in the room were great, very modern and fashionable details from the sink to the shower to the chaise lounge in the room. The bathroom was large with a terrific walk-in shower. The water pressure was nice, the shower was watertight, and the towels were HUGE and plush. The view from the room was great as were the artistic touches. The flat screen TV was large and premium channels in HD were provided. The air conditioning was comfortable and quiet. And the bed...the bed was amazing!! So comfortable, from the mattress to the sheets and pillows to the blankets. The whole room felt so luxurious for the price (which was $150 including the taxes.) I loved every single thing about this room. It felt roomy even though it wasn't huge, and it was extremely quiet even though we were next to the elevators.The Hotel:The hotel has a fun modern appearance. There are two restaurants and one happening bar. We poked our heads in &quot;Roof&quot; the 27th floor bar but it wasn't open yet. I can see why it is the place to hang out in the city for tourists and locals alike. Very cool. State and Lake has a great selection of microbrewery beers as well as a great looking menu. (We just had a beer so can't speak for the food.) And the Italian place was slated to open up later in the summer. The elevators are very fast.We simply couldn't find anything to complain about at this hotel. I was a bit nervous because I booked it before there were any reviews on it and after booking there were two very mixed reviews. If you are here as a tourist or for leisure you could not do any better than this hotel. It was a great experience from beginning to end!	
Jun 16 2009 	Will definitely be back	I was a little nervous to stay here since this was a brand new hotel and had no reviews.. Location,Customer Service, and the Roof top bar are why you would want to stay here. The rooms are decent (not very big) but the bed was extremely comfortable. I stayed here on Hilton Honors points so I am not sure what the rate would have been. The Rooftop bar is the hottest spot in town right now. There were lines out the door all 3 nights we were there. Luckily they have a separate elevator for hotel guests to use. Location was great with easy access to Michigan Ave, The Red line,Grant and Millienium Park. Room had a 46 in HD Flatscreen TV and upon arrival had a small fruit bowl with complimentary Figi waters in the room. They do have 2 restaraunts on site but we did not eat at either.	
Jun 15 2009 	Great new hotel	Got a good deal at this new hotel, near the river in the Loop. Very cool decore, modern, almost design rooms. Excellent location, and yes the Roof is THE place to be. Room service is good, staff very attentive. Still in the shakedown period of being open 3 weeks, a few service blunders (no towels on day 2, no room cleaning until requested on day three, no do not disturb sigh, so 7 am wake up knock...). But they will soon be through that!	
Jun 8 2009 	AVOID this over priced yet tacky attempt at being a Boutique	The front desk and management staff were amazingly helpful. Almost desperate to please. The location is great. The elevators are fast. The roof top bar has a stunning view.BUT- they call this a Doubletree, but it is not an all suites hotel. In fact, the rooms are only the size of a king size bed and desk. My first room was so cramped my desk chair kept banging up against the bed. Strangely, the bathroom was enormous! Even though it did not have any shelf or counter space for my toiletries.I got moved to another room. A corner room. It had a couch which made the room feel a little bigger. But the storage options were actually less than the smaller room. And worse IT IS NEXT TO THE ELEVATED TRAIN! Beware! You will need ear plugs for this hotel since they built it right next to the train and didn't sound proof!! After I was kept awake almost all night and awoken very early in the morning by the train I had them move me again. Travelocity offered to move me to a different hotel. One of the managers offered me a suite. I was supposed to be impressed. It, too, was near the train, though it was much higher up. I gave it a shot.The suite was useless. A microwave and small fridge. It wasn't that much larger than my corner room except for the dividing wall with a living room and flat screen. That bathroom was awful. It looked like a cheap cruise ship with this enormous corner bathtub perfect for Niagara Falls Honeymoons complete with peeling plastic cover. Across was a stand up, glassed enclosed shower that was built in such a way that as you showered all the water sprayed out of the door and flooded the bathroom. And don't make the mistake I made and leave the shower door open to dry out. When you wake up in the middle of the night to use the toilet you walk right into the shower door!The Wit is ugly to look at inside with a mixture of burgundy, teal, and brown as their supposed cool color scheme. It's awful.Look, I stay in Chicago all the time. I highly recommend the Affinia hotel on the opposite end of Michigan Ave. They always have great deals and the hotel is flawless. Even the Marriott suites is a better solution for cost and convenience.Lastly, every night around 11pm the internet stopped working well. It was like being on a 56K modem again and the hotel had no solution. So much for getting my work done.Don't fall for style over substance. The exemplary staff really have nothing to work with. The Wit is a waste.	
Jun 6 2009 	Slick new high-tech boutique.....still ironing out the little kinks	The Wit is a very cool brand-new chic boutique in the Chicago Loop. I visited June 4-6, a week after the hotel opened.The lobby, all modern minimalism, is small and very busy. The front-desk staff was friendly, but clearly don't have the operation down-pat just yet. It's a new hotel, and you expect things not to be quite perfect, and they seemed a bit overwhelmed at times when guests called down with problems.The rooms are dark, elegantly modern and comfortable. They're about average in size, but the minimalist furnishings make them seem bigger. The desk, wardrobe and dressers are very handsome, and the big 45-inch flat screen TV rocks. (Lots of cable channels, but there were no in-room movies available to order on my visit).My king sized bed was plush and comfortable, kind of like sleeping on a cloud. The bathrooms have walk-in showers only (which I much prefer) with the very European removable hand nozzle. Water pressure was great. I agree with a previous reviewer about the flat sinks - cool to look at but the standing water gets marooned on them - which can be kinda gross.I ordered room service the first night - very, very good. And the Roof, the popular rooftop nightclub - rules!The location is great. Yes, the Loop is kinda dead at night and on weekends, but it's at the north end of it, with easy access to N. Michigan Avenue and the River North area. As far as mass-transit access, it doesn't get any better. The State/Lake El station (Brown/Orange/Pink/Green lines) is right outside the front door, and the Lake red line stop is just past it.My only gripes were with issues which I'm sure are related to the hotel's newness. The front desk staff were all friendly and went out of their way to help, but are still a bit clueless. Check-in was a little more chaotic than it needed to be.Also, housekeeping was abysmally slow. I returned to my room at 3 p.m. and it still hadn't been made up. And when they did come, they didn't replenish the Neutrogena toiletries.Also, the in-room coffeemakers included good Wolfgang Puck coffees, but no creamer. (The front desk staff had some cream sent right up to me, tho). And the bird sounds piped through the hallways really didn't do anything for me.Despite these minor gripes, I had a great weekend at the Wit. I liked it much better than the W Hotel on the other side of the loop - it's far less self-consciously hip. Once the new-hotel issues are resolved, this place will be a real gem.And did I mention that the Roof rocks?!?	
Jun 4 2009 	The room is worth the money but the ROOF surpassed all my expectations.	I am planning my wedding on the Roof of The Wit Hotel and couldn't be happier with the service, the location and the rooms. We have so many out of town guests coming that will love comfy Hilton beds, the great style and the delicious food (at the wedding of course, but also State &amp; Lake - and by the time our wedding rolls around this summer, their Italian restaurant Cibomatto). We felt welcome there from the moment we approached the door (even BEFORE they knew we weren't just looky-loos). And the views? Did I mention the views? It's all of the style, without the pretension of some of the other rooftop locations popping up around town. I'm going back with the girls this weekend for some pampering and cocktails. In fact, I keep trying to come up with reasons to stay there even though I live here...	
Jun 2 2009 	TheWit is it!	My wife and I live in Chicago and we stayed one night at theWit to celebrate our anniversary. According to their website it was before they officially opened at June 1, so we must have been some of the very first guests. That said, the official opening might have been moved up since the entire hotel looked to be open and fully functional during our stay. theWit, for those who don't know, is the newest hotel in the Chicago Loop area, actually it's a few feet officially outside the El tracks (&quot;Loop&quot;) but within what is generally referred to as that area.. It is located at Lake and State St. just south of the Chicago River. The architecture of facade of this hotel includes a dramatic yellow lightning bolt, which makes for a signature look, but the signature scene of this hotel has to be fantastic roof top deck/bar/restaurant, the ROOF. It has taken restaurants and hotels in Chicago a LONG time to catch on to the fact that Chicagoans LOVE to be outside any chance they get and theWit has the biggest and best rooftop around for just this purpose. With dramatic views in 3 directions and the kind of space and amenities you would only think you'd find in Vegas or LA, the ROOF at TheWit will become THE outside destinations for those in the know. The drinks were good, if expensive $12 per, but it's really about the scene and the view. There is an outdoor part with both booths and counter bar space, as well as couches and lounge chairs. Then there is a roofed area with an outdoor fireplace and more tables, lounges, etc. In the back of this section is another outdoor space with a table that sits about 8, which extends from the roof out in space, making a very unique dining/drinking vantage point. I can't say enough great things about this whole space.We had their regular, &quot;Classic&quot;, room, which was @$173 per night (with AAA discount, which they never checked) coming to about $200 with taxes. The room was decent size with nice warm yet contemporary furnishings, a large flat screen, roomy enough bathroom (one sink, shower only). My only complaints were that the AC was focused on the head of the bed so that you head was cold but the rest of you was hot. The Kohler sink was all design and no functionality, being large, square and very shallow so nothing went down the drain without help--strange and gross. Plus, the water pressure was a little low for my taste. Otherwise, it was very comfortable, great views and quiet. The beds were firm, but again, comfortable. Ask for a high floor. We were on the 20th floor and we could only barely hear the El below but if you were significantly lower down you probably would. With the decent views form our room and the ROOF bar, I don't think the rooms with a &quot;better view&quot; would be worth it, though the suites would be larger so that has appeal.Overall, a great stay and we will make The Roof our new downtown destination and recommendation for out of town or in-town guests. It's worth it for the views along. Kudos to theWit.	
Aug 3 2009 	muy buena elección		
