Oct 22 2008	Especially Bad	Where do I begin? checked in...they had a rate $31 higher than quoted.....told my room was upstairs.... directed to nearesr flight. wheel in my 200lbs of equipment and start hauling it upstairs only to find that i had the very last room 100 yards away, where i could have driven my car to and unloaded from there.....get everything in room...time to ice beer...NO MICROFIRIDGES AT $90 A NITE COMERCIAL RATE......find that ALL the ice machines do not work....have to walk 100 yards to the restaurant for ice....in the morning the WIFI WAS DOWN......requested a reset, curtly told 5 minutes.....an hour and a half later i called about it....&quot;oh, maintenance man just got here, i'll have him take care of it&quot;.....the WIFILASTED ABOUT 10 MINUTES until it crashed.......cheesed i decided to shower. NO HOT WATER! ZERO.....packed my stuff and left. my business partner was coming in that day.....we were going to be in the hotel for a week to 10 days.....from the reaction of the front desk when i checked out they could care less. THEY DIDN'T HAVE THE PRUDENCE TO COMP MY ROOM. AMAZING THAT BEST WESTERN ALLOWS THEM TO USE THEIR NAME. i stay in hotels, booking for 2 rooms for 8 months straight. i'llbe avoiding best western's from here on	
Sep 27 2008 	The Smelly Hotelly	Where do I begin! This place needs to be torn down and the earth around it scorched. Do not even think about getting a non-smoking room here, because they all smell like smoke, because the whole hotel smells like smoke, or mildew or worse. I was given a room here when the Best Western in DesPlaines overbooked me. &quot;Just 3 miles down the road&quot; I was told. 20 minutes later and way more than three miles I was checking in to the &quot;Worst Western Ever&quot; and in no mood to find another hotel. But I still should have made the effort because nothing about this place has any merit. The place is on a busy highway adjacent to a regional airport. No peace shall you find. Please move on.	
Jun 25 2008 	Confirm email access before booking room	Our company had 6 rooms for 5 nights. They had no internet access at all. When the guys approached the front desk they were told they would restart the server. This happened for 2 days and did not correct the problem. I called the front desk and spoke to the manager Tatiana, she was extremely rude and even laughed when I told her that NONE of the guys could access the internet. FINALLY the GM Larry Knottingham called me and was very polite and helpful however assured me the problem had been corrected and the guys still cannot access the internet. 2 of our guys had to have their cards reactived as they would not work. WILL NOT BE STAYING THERE FOR OUR NEXT MEETING.	
Nov 16 2007 	Worst Western	There is very little to recommend this hotel save the location. The rooms were tiny and decorated with as little aesthetic as possible. They were also just this side of acceptably clean. I always like to look at the shower head; if it’s dirty you know what kind of attention to detail the rest pf the room is getting… it was dirty. We slept through the complimentary breakfast, so I can’t comment on it. We expected to stay two nights but checked out after the first night and moved to a property in town (I have reviewed it as well under Hampton Inn Chicago). On a positive note, the staff was friendly and they replaced the shaving foam that the TSA took from me with a complimentary can. To sum it up, a room like this should NOT cost $89.00 per night! Maybe $39.99.	
Sep 7 2007	This Hotel Sucks!	They wrongly charged my credit card and were not helpful in the process of refunding it. The manager name Tiana is so arrogant when I demanded that she refund my cradit card. Also, during the stay, I asked for an extra towel, and the only thing she can say was: &quot;just wait for the cleaning lady to drop by.&quot; WHAT?!?!?!?! DONT STAY IN THIS HOTEL. The staff might look nice upfront but they suck and arrogant!!!!	
Aug 19 2007 	Great for road trippin	The hotel is an excellent choice for those who are interested in spending a few nights in a clean room to rest and regroup. I am very surprised with the staff at the front desk, they did an excellent job checking me in and answering questions about the room and the surrounding area. I would stay here again if I was in the area.	
Jul 30 2007 	Just OK	We booked a room at this Best Western because it was inexpensive along with our package deal through Expedia. Based on the reviews on TripAdvisor, I thought we would be very pleased. It was JUST OK. Here's my opinion:The hotel is located directly on a major road. You can definitely hear the traffic all hours of the night. It didn't bother us much, but if you're a light sleeper you may want to reconsider. The hotel also practically sits directly on the local airport, but I don't think planes take off or land there often on the weekends since we didn't hear any of that noise.The lobby of the hotel appeared clean. The hallways STUNK like cigarette smoke. The carpet in our room felt damp the entire weekend, which grossed me out a little. Otherwise the room was pretty clean. It is located in close proximity to many different small eateries, convenience stores, etc. If you have 10 minutes, you should drive to a place called &quot;Rise &amp; Dine.&quot; The food was great (for breakfast and lunch) because they used all fresh fruits and vegetables....even had a fresh juice bar. Very inexpensive, too.In all, the hotel was decent. We got what we paid for.	
Aug 15 2006 	A happy choice	This is a very nice small hotel, easy to find near a major north-south highway.The room was well appointed and very clean with a comfortable king-size bed. Free continental breakfast was more than the minimum.Would recommend this property and plan to stay there again.	
Nov 17 2004	A Diamond in the Rough	This has to be the friendliest staff I have ever seen. Rooms have a clean, crisp look to them. Staff is on top of all the details. I travel a lot and look forward to future stays with a hotel that really cares about it's customers	
Jun 23 2004 	OK value	Stayed at the hotel in June 2004. Room was clean and nicely furnished. Unfortunately, my room faced Milwaukee Avenue and received a lot of traffic noise. This surprised me since I had asked for a quiet room. I used the AC to help drown out the noise. There is a nice forest preserve right across the street. The breakfast was not hot as advertised but otherwise adequate. Staff was not accommodating and would not let me check out past noon despite the hotel being almost empty. The staff also gave me conflicting information about breakfast times, etc. which might be because of the recent change in ownership. Overall it was a good value at a discounted price.	
