	Definite Return Trip to this One!	This was a really terrific hotel that I will definitely frequent again. My husband &amp; I come to Chicago every year at Thanksgiving for my birthday so we have stayed in many places over the years - Hampton, Monaco, Hotel 71, Hilton Garden Inn, Wyndham, Four Points Sheraton, etc. Knowing my way around Chicago, I chose to try the Springhill Suites on Dearborn and am I glad I did! Although the location is great, just a couple of blocks off Michigan &amp; State, it's actually easy to miss the hotel - the signage outside is quite plain and it shares an entrance w/ Residence Inn. The actual lobby for both chains is on the 2nd floor. Check-in was great, staff very accommodating -- I even got a bottle of wine for my birthday. The elevators are the fastest and smoothest of any hotel I've ever stayed in. The hotel offers a nice hot/cold complimentary breakfast as well - a bit early for a &quot;leisure&quot; trip (6:30-9:00 a.m.). We had a &quot;studio&quot; double room. It was perfect, very chic and modern. Sitting area had a desk, chaise, and sleeper couch and was separated from bedroom area by frosted glass. Plenty of lighting (which is a big complaint w/ me because most rooms are just too dark). We had a microwave, frig, and coffee maker. Bath area was good size and vanity area was separate w/ plenty of top space to put items. The only issue I had was the lack of good sized drawers for clothes that you didn't want to hang .. there were only (2) very shallow drawers. I would rate this hotel as EXCELLENT.	
	Good base to explore central Chicago	We chose this hotel, for its location and because we have a Marriott loyalty card.The check in was easy, we were offered a choice of rooms.The twin room was nicely laid out, with views towards the south. The breakfast was a standard buffet style offering that is normal for this class of hotel in the US. Although we did not use all of the facilities we did look at the pool and exercise facilities and they looked adequate although the pool was a little small.We were able to walk easily to the river, the magnificent mile and also to down town.It is ideally located for the Ruth's Chris Steakhouse which is a definite bonus.	
Nov 5 2009 	Best deal for young families (have 3 	We paid 170/night - it was a pkg deal which included breakfast AND valet parking. We stayed in a King &quot;suite&quot;. My husband snores LOUDLY. So he slept in the king while the kids and I slept in the sitting area with noise makers all around us. The sitting area is a loveseat fold out with a fainting type couch alongside it forming an L shape-sort of like a mini-sectional. My 3 yr old and I slept on the foldout while my son who was just short enough (42 in.) to sleep on the fainting couch. The privacy wall between the bed area and sitting area functions as a enclosed writing desk on the side of the sitting area with a chair. It is enclosed by frosted/privacy glass. It's nice because the division goes from floor to ceiling. Usually in separate area suites (as opposed to separate bedroom suites) only have half walls. It worked out great! There is also a fridge, microwave and sink. Now, the rooms are smaller than one might think. The photos are always misleading on websites. For instance, when you pull the fold out bed from the love seat, there is very little space between the foot of the bed and the privacy wall/desk. When the bed is folded out, it pretty much takes up most of the sitting area. Same thing with the pool. It's a lot smaller than it looks. Great fitness center though. Really great breakfast. It was clean. Also, there is a free trolley 2 blocks from the hotel that goes on a route to Navy Pier. One WARNING for parents w/ toddlers- One think I really felt unsafe about is that they have bottom windows that can be opened and have NO screens! Fortunately, my kids never figured it out	
Oct 27 2009 	Fantastic Location Highly Reccommended	Spent two nights here in October 2009, and the hotel was all around fantastic. The King Suite was exactly as the pictures showed online. Lots of room for 3 adults to share, clean, with great amenities in the room including a powerful hairdryer, iron and full-size ironing board, microwave, and fridge. King size bed and pull-out couch very comforatble.24 hour store located at recption, as well as a lounge. Friendly and helpful staff allowed for early morning check-in without requesting it in advance and bag storage after hotel check-out. The breakfast buffet was excellent with both hot and cold options including eggs, sausage, waffles, fruits and cereal, as well as a coffee/tea station. Free internet/printer in the lobby was hardly ever in use.Friendly door staff give excellent directions and hail cabs quickly. The location of the hotel is the best feature as it is within walking distance to major sites and several metro stops.Would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 23 2009 	Great Deal for a Downtown Hotel	We stayed at the Springhill Suites over Labor Day weekend with our teenage sons. The hotel met our every need. The rooms were a little on the small side for a suite but you can't beat it for the price. Location was excellent, just a short walk to Michigan Ave. The free internet access in the lobby was a bonus.	
Oct 17 2009 	Immaculate Hotel Ideal Location Friendly Staff	We stayed at the Springhill Suites/River North two weeks ago and are still missing it! We arrived two hours before check-in and had no problems with early check-in (including our extra requests). Immediately, the staff went to work suggesting restaurants nearby and travel directions. The room itself was big enough to allow three people to breathe. They're not as big as the suites at Embassy and have a partition (as opposed to a divided wall). Still, the room was very nice, clean and comfortable. I can't emphasize how secure this hotel makes you feel. It has just over 200 rooms and it's not so big that it has to be impersonal. Instead, it's quiet and beautiful. The location is ideal as you're within a few blocks of ESPN Zone, Hard Rock Cafe, House of Blues . . . and most important, Michigan Ave. We always felt safe in and around the hotel. Finally, the breakfast area was great. The food was good and has one of the best employees (Veronica) that you'll ever meet! Can't say enough good about this hotel, highly recommend it and can't wait to go back.	
Sep 28 2009 	Great stay at the Springhill Suites	Stayed with spouse and 2 teenage girls last Saturday night. It was our second time staying at this hotel and was just as good of an experience as the first time. The rooms are so quiet and comfortable. We loved having the extra sleeping area with the hideabed. The pool and jacuzzi were great and open until 11 PM. Continental breakfast was well stocked with a great selection. Staff was extremely accomodating and friendly. Parking was steep at $44, but I guess that is par for the course downtown. Easily walked 4 blocks to the shopping on Michigan Ave. We will return to this hotel.	
Sep 18 2009 	Would definitely come back here....	Following four nights in Manhattan, in a more expensive but considerably smaller suite, it was a huge relief to walk into a room as spacious and as pleasant as those at the Springhill Suites. Given the choice of a high floor or low floor, I chose high and had a great view over downtown Chicago. Well insulated from outside noise and with very efficient aircon, sleep is no problem and, when you're not sleeping, the Suites are well located for exploring the city - I even discovered they are within walking distance of the Blue Line metro which I used to get back to O'Hare. Breakfast was included and was plentiful though slightly let down by the disposable plates and cutlery. Coffee is always available in the lobby. Front desk service was exceptional - another contrast with Manhattan.Free wi-fi was very useful to have. I didn't try the pool on the top floor but hear it's good.I would have no hesitation in coming back here next time I'm in Chicago and would recommend it to anyone else visiting.	
Sep 13 2009 	Best deal in downtown Chicago!	I'd stayed at the Residence Inn on the other side of the building last year, so when my husband and I were planning our Chicago trip we decided on SpringHill Suites because it was a bit cheaper. The location absolutely can't be beat--a five-minute walk to the Grand/State Street station on the Red Line subway (as an FYI the station is undergoing renovation but it's still open), a couple of minutes more to the Magnificent Mile, tons of shops and restaurants. We got there very early (10 a.m.) but a suite was available. We splurged for a corner suite which had a great view of the Tribune and Wrigley buildings with Lake Michigan in the background. The suite was pretty spacious with a comfortable bed, a flat-screen TV, and a sink/fridge area, although the fridge is more like a beverage cooler. The staff was VERY friendly and helpful, always greeting us with a smile whether it was the front desk person or a housekeeper. The fitness room is very well-equipped and the laundry room came in very handy. The hotel does have a convenience store but there's a Jewel/Osco supermarket right near the El station where you can pick up drinks and snacks much cheaper. For the price you simply can't do better than SpringHill!	
Sep 5 2009 	Quick but fantastic Chicago trip	We arrived about 3 hours earlier than check-in to the Springhill Suites, which didn't seem to be a problem at all. Every employee we saw was friendly and welcoming. The giant bowl of lollipops at the front desk was a bonus.We had a 4th floor handicapped room (it was the only one ready due to our early arrival). Although the handicapped room was smaller than a typical suite there, it was very comfortable and the restroom was huge. Our group of 4 twenty-somethings had no complaints about the space in our room. And the mini-fridge and microwave were so handy to have. Also, the wireless internet was free and worked wonderfully.The hotel is in an excellent location. Quick walks to shopping and amazing dining. And just steps from the dueling piano bar Howl at the Moon (which is a must-do for tourists!).A couple other great things about the Springhill Suites- the amazing free breakfast (it was delicious, had tons of variety and the employees were so friendly and quick to help with anything) and the pool and hot tub (although the pool is kind of small, it was rarely crowded, the view is amazing and a soak in the hot tub really hit the spot after a day of shopping and sightseeing). I would return to this hotel in a minute. I have zero complaints and our group can't stop talking about going back again.	
Sep 3 2009 	Family of 5 visits Chicago	This is a very nice hotel. Up to all of Marriott hotel standards (what I really like about Marriott -- consistency). It is connected to another Marriott hotel. They have free breakfast, and the other hotel (can't remember name) had better food -- which you can easily walk over to. They share same elevators and pool, but have different lobbies (connected though).The rooms are small. But typical for a city room. Our 2 younger kids shared a double bed. My husband and myself had the other double, and our 12 year old had the pull out sofa bed. Room had a decent view. Windows open to outside. Had a refrigerator too.Great location. Lots of stuff close by. Walked to Rainforest Cafe restaurant. Parking is expensive though, and across the street about a block away. Can only valet park. So, we had to take a lot out of the car, since it would be difficult to go back to it.Used AAA discount, and received at good value for the price.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great value clean and comfortable rooms	We stayed in a King room on the 4th floor. It was still a nice view with floor to ceiling windows. The bottom part of the windows allow you to open them up a bit which is a nice feature. Bed was very comfortable, we both slept like babies. There is a partial wall that separates the living room from the bedroom area. There is one television that swivels to whichever area you are in. Also a small area with a microwave, small refrigerator, and sink. The bathroom sink is outside of the bathroom which is convenient for one person using the vanity while the other is showering. Everything was new, this hotel must have been built within the past year or two.The complimentary breakfast was nice. Not only do they offer muffins, yogurt and fruit but eggs, waffles, and sausage, as well – IMO a little better than your standard continental breakfast.The hotel staff was pleasant and helpful. Our original plan was to only stay here for one night but, we ended up staying another night. The hotel extended the same rate to us as the previous night. Great location, within walking distance to many restaurants and about 2 blocks North of the river. We would definitely stay here again.	
Sep 1 2009 	Clean Rooms 	Our room was clean and we spent the extra to have a corner king; worth the money. Beautiful view on the 15th floor!! Every employee from the valet service to the front desk and house keeping staff was happy and helpful. I will definetly recommend this hotel to any visitor to downtown Chicago!Thanks for a great weekend.	
Aug 31 2009 	New New Bland	Hotel is paired with a Marriott Residence Inn (shared lobbies). Big pleasant public areas.Nice room with small kitchen area, flat screen tv, all new. Free no frills breakfast. Great location. Good value for business, nice views.	
Aug 23 2009 	Another good hotel in River North	We go to Chicago quite often, and recently stayed here for 2 nights as the place we normally stay was all booked up. Now we have another good option in the River North area. The rooms were spacious, and the decor was a little more modern. I liked the layout of the room a lot. We were on the 22nd floor and had a nice view of the city from the floor to ceiling window.I would stay here again!	
Aug 20 2009 	Good value great breakfast and practical location.	Our family, (my wife and I and our two daughters, 15 &amp; 18), stayed here for a 4-day-getaway in the city. The room worked very well for us, although three relatively simple changes would have made it that much better: queen beds instead of doubles; a second sink next to the frig/micro/coffee maker; reading lights for each bed and another for the sofa.Our nightly rate, $129, included a very nice breakfast each morning in the large, very comfortable dining area. Hot and cold selections, including fresh fruit, cereals, eggs, etc. The breakfast staff was extremely efficient, helpful and friendly. And, to say the least, the same can be said of all the rest of the hotel staff that we encountered! For our needs, the location worked well. We could walk or easily taxi to all of the destinations we'd planned on visiting -- as well as a couple we hadn't planned on. The one negative -- which is certainly not unique to this hotel or location -- is parking, specifically the cost of parking. Hotel valet parking was $44/day; surface parking several blocks away was $33, and several public ramps within 4-6 blocks was $37.In any case, we really enjoyed our stay at the Springhill Suites.	
Aug 7 2009 	Very nice hotel very good location	Stayed at this location on a weekend trip to Chicago. Right in the heart of downtown near several restaurants, House of Blues, Ruth's Chris, etc. The rooms were very nice with a small minibar with microwave and small fridge. The breakfast was pretty decent and a plus if you don't want to venture out of the hotel for a morning meal. Free wireless internet for guests. There is shopping nearby, you can catch a trolley to Navy Pier nearby and Michigan Ave is within walking distance. At night the neighborhood turns into a barhoppers/clubgoers dream. All the restaurants in the area pretty much turn into nightclubs so just be prepared for the change in scenery on weekends at night. We got a steal of a deal at $109 when Marriot.com was running a special. The only downside was $40 per night for parking which added $120 to our hotel bill. Other than that everything was great!	
Jul 29 2009 	Great value in River North	I am in the city often for business and leisure travel. Chose to stay here as we were needing an inexpensive place to crash following a concert. The Springhills have been upgrading their design concept - kind of modern funky - I like it - the rooms were very clean - breakfast is okay - but its the value and location that are primary here. No, its not the sofitel, but its very centrally located, excellant service and a great rate for the class of hotel it is. The breakfast is just okay to me- but it is complimentary. I am a loyal Marriott rewards member and try to stay in Marriotts when I can - this place is great for people bringing kids to the city - with its internet in the lobby, pool and fabulous location. For a romantic weekend - try the Sofitel!	
Jul 13 2009 	Perfect Place to Stay in Chicago	Just got back from a &quot;girls weekend&quot; trip with my sisters and our two teenage girls. This hotel was great. Ideal location; we walked everywhere from this hotel. Extremely friendly, accommodating staff. Quiet with clean rooms. And the breakfast was definitely the best continental breakfast any of us has ever had included in a hotel stay. We all agreed that we would definitely stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 6 2009	chicago is Amazing!	The hotel staff was excellent, The breakfast in the morning was delicious. The variety was perfect. So much food to choose from. I love the rooms and the service was with a smile. I would go back again and again. Chicago is my kind of city.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great Value	As a Marriott rewards member , received an alert a few weeks in advance about a rate deal at this property - jumped on it , probably save $90 per nightit was a very nice property , clean , convenient to restaurants , subway , shopping , sightseeingit had an OK complimentary breakfast which I think is unusual for a downtown Chicago hotel , nice fitness center - everything worked	
Jun 30 2009 	great value great service	If you are planning a trip to Chicago, this is the place. Friendly from the 1st minute we arrived. Location not to far from Michigan Street 5 minutes walk, but far from all the noise. Rooms are very clean, staff always smiling and asking you if you need any help. Breakfast exceeds any continental breakfast I have seen. 5 stars all the way. Thanks	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Father's Day trip	We stayed 2 nights father's day weekend and had a great time. This hotel is centrally located to all of the downtown activities. Had a corner studio and had plenty of room for hubby and 2 kids. Ask for a corner room they are a little bigger and have 2 views. ; ) From the time we got there the bellman &amp; front desk clerks were friendly and very helpful. Since the parking is a little pricey. The bellman told us about a parking structure around the corner for $16. The only thing you pay everytime you come in and out. However it really wasn't a problem because we stayed out most of the day and if we needed to come back we parked at the meter. Ended up paying about $44 all together for parking for 2 nights. Beats paying $88 anyday. Other than the parking which is pricey anywhere you stay downtown. Great stay!!!!!!	
Jun 5 2009 	Outstanding value great service new construction.	This hotel (and the adjoining Marriott Residence Inn) were built in 2008 and are still new and in wonderful shape. We had very friendly service by every employee. Hotel offers free wi-fi and computers in the lobby with internet access and a printer for free. That is not at all common for downtown hotels in the area, and was a very nice perk. Overall a great, affordable stay in a convenient downtown location.	
Jun 1 2009 	Fantastic value in River North!	We stayed for 4 nights at this all suite hotel. It was built in 2008, so everything is very modern and very clean. We experienced top notch service from the time we pulled up in front, until the time we left. The valet and bellboys were on their toes, greeting us and opening the hotel doors at the first sight of our approach. The front desk staff was very gracious, attentive, and helpful with all of our questions about the city, and patient with my 5 year old son who loves to have lengthy coversations with everybody. Breakfast is included, which was essential for our kids, but even my husband ate when he saw the make your own waffle stations. The only other hot foods were sausage and egg patties for making english muffin sandwiches. There were many continental breakfast items to choose from. We had a 2 double room, which was modern and clean, with a sitting area w/ sofa sleeper. I only wish it was a bit bigger. With the 2 kids we felt just a tiny bit cramped, but keeping our room tidy helped. Location was perfect, we walked to Michigan Ave and back, caught a free trolley to Navy Pier, and took a few $5 cab rides around the city. Parking at the hotel was a bit pricey at $44/day, but that allowed us unlimited in/out privleges. Excellent value for a downtown hotel!!	
May 11 2009 	Excellent Hotel for a great price	My friends and I stayed at this hotel for my bachelor party and it was excellent. Being a bachelor party, we preferred to spend our money on things other than a hotel and no decent hotel could beat the price at Spring Hill Suites. I dont think there could be a better location for the hotel. It is on Dearborn Street just north of the River and within walking distance are some of Chicago's best attractions and restaurants (House of Blues, Dick's Last Resort, Portillos, Harry Carey's, Michigan Ave, etc.). If you are using public transportation to get into Chicago its 6 blocks from Millineium Station and 2 blocks from the &quot;L&quot; Blue Line. The room's are excellent. We had a 2 double suite with a fold out sectional couch. The rooms could be a little bigger, but we had 6 guys staying in the same room. On a side note, there are 2 hotels in this building and they share a common lobby; Spring Hill Suites on the left and Residence Inn on the right. This can become confusing if you have a had a little too much to drink and end up at the same room number but in the wrong hotel. The staff was excellent and will help you in anyway possible. The breakfast was fantasic and had just about everything you can think of. I will definately stay at this hotel again when I return to Chicago.	
Apr 14 2009 	I am ready to go back!!!	I highly recommend this hotel and Chicago in general to everyone. The service, the people, the food, the clean streets are all worth 5 stars!!	
Mar 31 2009 	Excellent customer service....	My family of 5 had a very nice stay at the Springhill Suites Downtown/River North. The doormen are excellent and quick to open doors &amp; hail a cab if needed. The reception desk staff were all very friendly and upon check in we were asked if we had dinner plans. We did actually already have plans but the staff member was ready to offer suggestions to ensure that we were taken care of. The free breakfast in my opinion is excellent. I have some very picky eaters in my crew and we were all satisfied. One staff member was exceptional -she saw my 8 year old looking at the cereal selection with a sad look on her face (because there were no Fruit Loops that day) and she graciously offered to go get her some Fruit Loops. The customer service is excellent here.We got a great rate on a studio double so our room was not very big but it was more than enough for the 5 of us. When I made my reservation we requested extra pillows and towels and they were in the room when we arrived. As others have stated, the pool is very small but the fitness room looked very nice. The location is great and I would not hesitate to stay here again. The free wireless internet is definately a plus!!!	
Mar 30 2009 	It's all in the details	We stayed in room 2524 for four nights and were less than impressed. I get that the hotel isn't the Four Seasons, but there were some glaring details that were missing. The bad: 1)housekeeping was VERY stingy with coffee cups and drinking glasses. For a room with a &quot;kitchenette&quot; I would expect some kind of a supply of cups, paper even! Some of our glassware was dirty (sticky) 2) The flourescent light above the bed is horrendous and much too bright! 3) there is a bedside table on only one side of the king size bed 3) No bed stand lights 4) the light in the kitchenette is turned on by the switch around the corner in the hallway 4) even though the kitchenette has ample room to store plates etc, the plasticware and 2 plates were stored in the microwave.??? and there is no garbage can in the kitchenette! 5) there is very little room to store your clothes 6) only 5 clothes hangers (really) 7) we arrived at 4PM and were told our room wasn't ready (we waited about 15 min. until the front desk could contact housekeeping 8) Housekeeping is inconsiderate when cleaning the rooms, they were contstantly slamming the doors when going in and out of a room. 9) I got a dirty bath towel. Now for the good: 1)excellent location 2)good price 3)free bkfst (get there early) 4)free internet 5) great pool area	
Mar 28 2009 	Great stay!	Room was large, comfortable, modern, and immaculate. Great location relative to &quot;EL&quot; and walking. Complementary interenet access a plus. Breakfast room is spacious. Good value. I'm hooked. Already booked my next return.	
Mar 25 2009 	Caution when using valet service	Spent a short wknd getaway at this location, unfortunately we valet parked our car and while in the parking garage someone broke into our vehicle and stole our gps, ipod, and other items that were stored out of sight. Hotel staff and valet service assured me that it would all be replaced, had me fill out a form and then mailed me a letter at home saying sorry we are not responsible for items left in vehicle...how nice of them. So, parkers beware!!	
Mar 16 2009 	Great Hotel - Can't wait to go back	This hotel was in a great location and the price was right. Everyone from the reservations agent , the front desk staff, valet and the breakfast staff were extremely friendly and efficient. The room was spacious and clean. We arrived a day early for our reseravation and they were very accomodating.	
Mar 15 2009 	GREAT hotel! Will for sure be returning!	After researching what seemed like EVERY hotel in downtown Chicago, my friend stumbled upon the Springhill suites. We stayed at this hotel for a concert and an extra day for shopping and sight seeing. From the second I stepped into the hotel, I was greeted by a friendly face. Check in was a breeze. The rooms are nice! We stayed in a 2 double bed suite. Had PLENTY of room with the pull out sofa and living room space. Fridge and microwave come in handy when you're eating on the run.The free breakfast each morning exceeded my expectations. Each morning we were greeted by friendly staff who was their to help us, assist us and make sure we had everything we needed. Breakfast area is big with great decor that made for a great start to our day! Hotel comes equipped with FREE high speed internet and wireless which was a big seller for us, seeings how every hotel in the city will charge you an arm and a leg. Pool and hot tub are open till 11 which was nice when you're out all day and wanted to unwind. The room was clean and the beds were amazingly comfortable! For the price we payed, I couldn't have asked for a better hotel! Their are plenty of great restaurants right on the street, as well as a Starbucks that's a 5 min walk. Hotel is about 5 blocks from Michigan Ave and a mile from Navy Pier. Plenty of great stuff to do just steps away. Each time we returned, the staff was their to assist us with our shopping bags, hold elevators, etc. Only confusion is that this hotel shares with a Residence Inn and you have to make sure to use the CORRECT elevators or you end up on their side of the hotel, which happened to us a few times but isn't really a big deal. We finally got the hang of it on our last morning there. The front desk was really quick to meet our needs and kindly gave me a late check out since my air port express ride was coming a half hour after check out time. In the end, this a GREAT hotel. Very clean and comfortable and the price was beyond any expectations I could have asked for. I will definitely be returning!	
Feb 28 2009 	Good location 	My girlfriend and I stayed at this hotel for our first trip to Chicago. The location of the hotel is ideal for getting around the city, with plenty of local bars and restaurants, and the main shopping area just a short walk away. Red line tube stop is also a couple of blocks away.Staff are welcoming and friendly, and the room was ideal for us - a good size, with modern fittings and free wi-fi. The king size bed was comfortable, and it was nice to have that little more space than you normally get, as all the rooms are actually suites with a sofa area and sink/fridge/microwave. Good shower too.Breakfast was fine, although we did get a little bored of the same selection - not a problem if you are staying for a long weekend. At the price we paid, the fact that we had one at all was a bonus. Waffles were good, but they did seem to run low on fresh fruit during the mid week.We used the pool and hot tub and found both to be clean and very quiet during our time there. The pool isn't great if you are planning on swimming lengths (it's very small), but the gym is there too, so fitness fanatics should be fine.Our one small issue would be with the lifts, which use a really annoying access card system to prevent non-residents from getting onto floors. A good idea in principle, but more often than not, the cards just didn't seem to work first time.We were very happy with our stay overall, and would definitely recommend the hotel for anyone who wishes to visit the windy city.	
Feb 13 2009 	Fantastic bargain enjoyable stay	My co-workers and I chose the Springhill Suites for a 4-night business stay and got an $89/night rate. The hotel appears brand new and the rooms are furnished in peaceful green and brown tones that gave them a very calm feel. I was given a corner suite with wonderful views of the city from floor-to-ceiling windows in both the bedroom and living room. I also had a microwave, refrigerator and coffee maker. High-speed Internet (included in room rate) was easy to use and dependable.Pool was on the small side; in the Fitness Center I occasionally had to wait for my preferred equipment but it was all state-of-the-art with individual video screens and iPod docks.Breakfast, also in room rate, included sausage, oatmeal and egg patties along with the usual cold selections- the menu was the same each day.The front desk staff were friendly and helpful; one had many restaurant recommendations, all down a street very close to the hotel. You can pretty much walk down that street and find a good variety of pub-type places as well as Brasserie Jo (very good French food). Ruth's Chris and Harry Caray's, both higher-end, also nearby. Plenty of retail in walking distance as well in case you forgot anything.One minor complaint was the elevators, which required the use of your room key before they worked. Sometimes you needed to insert the key multiple times, but eventually your floor button lit up.  We were very impressed with this hotel and are likely to use it again next time we visit our Chicago office.	
Feb 9 2009 	Exceeded expectations in many ways	What a wonderful surprise this hotel was. I found it through Expedia and it seemed to have glowing reviews, but I was suspect what the downside might be as I had never been to the area or Chicago before. Getting to the hotel was reasonable from Grand station on the red line subway and was probably a 5-6 minute walk. The area itself is filled with late night hot spots and restaurants, though I feel the younger set (under 35) will be most pleased. The hotel entrance is unusual in that you walk into a lobby with elevators which you must take to a second lobby with the actual front desk. Odd, but possibly an advantage in some ways and keeps the check-in area free of chaos.The hotel service/staff is excellent. very friendly and helpful-although very young for the most part. They seem to try hard and smile whenever you cross their path. The rooms blew me away for value: very nicely appointed with a flat screen TV, king bed with different types of pillows, excellent shower with good hot water and pressure, and very clean. This site lists this as a 2 star hotel, but that's not possible, I'd say 3 at least given the room and decor. My favorite part of the room was that it was quiet-no street noise, no neighbor noise, no noise period (I was on the 19th floor I should point out).The breakfast buffet in the morning was nice as far as hotel buffets go. Some of the options included eggs, sausage, piping hot oatmeal, cereals, English muffins, white and wheat bread, juices, waffles, etc. It would be great if they added hash browns or potatoes-it would have felt complete. In summary: an excellent experience in a hotel that felt very new. I didn't have time to visit the pool or exercise room so I can't comment on it however.Tip: If you're a 20-something try Rockit for late night food and drinks (Warning-it's loud there upstairs) Rock Bottom brewery for craft beer or The House of Blues down the street and Hub 51 below the hotel itself.	
Jan 28 2009 	Great service cute hotel but rooms already showing some wear	If only this hotel wasn't getting such heavy traffic. It's a very cute concept, with rooms similar to a Hyatt Place in design. We had a big king bed and really comfy seating area separated by a desk and frosted glass slidable window-like partition. Loved the wireless internet (also wired, both free); as well as the beverage chiller (like a mini fridge but not quite as cold) and the microwave. But the room lacked storage despite lots and lots of empty floor space in the sleeping area. Oddly our bedroom area was huge, while the sitting area was partitioned off in a small and cramped area next to the door. The hotel size swells 4x on weekends according to the desk clerk, and it shows. Weekend breakfast is mobbed and there aren't enough seats, although the attendants do a terrific job keeping the food stocked. And with groups of 4 and 5 crammed into rooms meant for just one or two, the hotel is showing a surprising amount of wear and tear for being so new. These rooms just weren't designed for heavy traffic, which is a shame because it's otherwise a nice place to stay. Our room had a nasty stain on the floor near the door, a lighter stain on the sectional couch, some peeling laminate on the microwave counter, and a hole in the desk chair's woven back from it hitting the edge of the desk.Weirdly, the hotel doesn't iron its linens (the front desk clerk said they &quot;don't have a presser&quot;), so the sheets, comforter and the decorative thingie on the foot of the bed were a wrinkled mess (not very reassuring to crawl into wrinkled sheets; we just crossed our fingers the linens had been changed since the last guest). The shower (no tub in our room) also didn't look super clean, but front desk assured us this is just a cosmetic problem from the laminating and that it's a problem in all the rooms.The upside: great location, super nice desk staff, free Wi-Fi, and it's sort of sweet to see kids in pajamas at the weekend breakfast, which lent a friendly family feel. But it would be nice to see the rooms better maintained -- and maybe some limits on the number of people the hotel allows in one room, especially since it shares space with the Residence Inn, which is really better suited for quad and quint parties sharing one room. We wold stay here again but it would be nice to see the wear issues addressed.	
Jan 26 2009 	Warm welcome	From the greeting at the door to the front desk staff, this hotel should offer customer service lessons to other chains!! Every staff member was helpful and BEYOND!! You never want for anything. The morning breakfast staff was pleasant in attitude. Breakfast was very good. Even with the weather being below zero, the bell staff always gave a very warm welcome every time you encounter them. Rooms are clean and BIG.. Parking is expensive-$44 per day.This is truly a Fantastic property with a staff that is a rare find.	
Jan 25 2009 	Great River North Hotel!	My husband and I enjoyed our stay at SpringHill Suites during a weekend getaway to Chicago. We hadn't been to Chicago before, so we weren't sure where the best location was, but this was awesome! Very convenient - a short (5 min or less) walk to the Grand - Red line station and the Clark/Lake station on the loop. Harry Caray's and House of Blues were across the street. Lots and lots of restaurants and bars around the hotel. The room was very comfortable. We had a studio King suite, and even though it was one room, the sitting area was separated from the sleeping area well. Not great view, but you could see the Merchandise Mart and other buildings from our room and out to the suburbs. Much better than other views I've had in other cities! Everything was clean and new. Microwave, small fridge, and coffee maker in the room was nice.Complimentary breakfast was great! We've stayed at nicer hotels that &quot;included&quot; breakfast of cold breads and cereal. SpringHill Suites breakfast had sausage patties, eggs, lots of breads, hot oatmeal, waffles, yogurts, fresh fruit (though it didn't look great - I'm picky though!), and cereals. Very good and a nice breakfast room!Everyone we encountered was so nice! The valets were always opening doors for us and offering to get a cab for us. We never felt unsafe around the hotel (or anywhere in Chicago really!).	
Jan 24 2009 	Another pleasant stay at Springhill	Our family of four just returned from a one night stay at this hotel. I also stayed at this hotel in Sept. for a girls weekend. Both visits were very pleasurable.- This is a new hotel, so everything is in good working order and still clean. No mold in the showers, carpets still clean etc.- Beds are very comfortable and they give you plenty of pillows. (However, when I stayed here in Sept., I slept on the sofa bed and I found that to be really uncomfortable, so get a bed if you can.)-The breakfast is good, nice selection and quality is good.- The employees are very courteous and helpful.- Fitness room and pool were very nice, although the pool was a little chilly.- The location is great, within walking distance of the theater district, shopping and a lot of great restaurants.I would definitely recommend this hotel and we will be back ourselves!	
Jan 22 2009 	Fabulous Girls Weekend	Spent a girls getaway weekend here. I'm a native Chicagoan and thought that this hotel was in a great location (restaurants, bars, etc.) The hotel staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The bed was very comfortable and the towels were plentiful. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting the Windy City.	
Jan 22 2009 	Pleasant surprise!	What a great place. We checked in early and valet took charge of our bags; directed us to an elevator to the main lobby and the registration desk; required room key to take separate elevator to the room - felt very secure. All hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Continental breakfast was definitely adequate - beats $$$ at a restaurant! Very close to most attractions. Left car in valet parking and took a cab or bus. Really easy to get around town with help from the great staff. The room was awesome. We were there during off'-season and got an exceptioinal rate. Enjoyed the pool/hot tub area at night overlooking the beautiful city. We will definitely come back and thanks for such a great place in a great location!	
Jan 20 2009	Modern hotel great location	A good location, about 4 blocks from the red line and 5 blocks to the blue line. State street shopping and the theater district just a short walk away. We were able to check in early. The desk staff were friendly and helpful. The room was great, nice view of the city, a large sofa with chaise, computer desk, flat screen tv (cable channels were minimal). There’s a small fridge and a microwave. The shower stall was large, no tub, the sink located outside (which I like). Breakfast was the usual, continental with hot eggs and sausage, but the hotel was full so there were lines for the toaster, waffles, etc. Only complaints were there was no coffee in the lobby except at breakfast (there was supposed to be) and you had to use your keycard in the elevator to the rooms and they didn’t always take so different people would have to try swiping their cards till one worked.	
Jan 18 2009	Great River North Value	This newer property is a great value for downtown Chicago. This hotel has large rooms with modern furnishings (even if the color scheme is not my favorite) and comfortable beds. Given the low weekend rates the hotel was very crowded with families and tourists, but the noise level wasn't excessive.There is a lounge and snack bar in the lobby and a seating area for breakfast (simple but free). On the top floor there is a very nice pool and exercise room with high quality equipment and great views of the city.The layout is typical of a Marrriott SpringHill Suite but I felt this property offered a great value with no noticable flaws.	
Jan 11 2009 	Awesome Place	A couple of girlfriends and I decided that we needed a girls weekend out in the city to get away from drama and life! We ended up at the Springhill Suites! Our room was big and very nice! We loved the view. The bellmen were very helpful and the front desk staff was very nice! Everything about the property was just amazing! Anytime we walked in or out we always got aknowleged and that just felt very nice and welcoming!	
Dec 18 2008 	Very Pleased!	This hotel was fabulous! My husband and I took our 4 kids to Chicago for the Winter WonderFest and we could not have found better accommodations. The complimentary breakfast was a huge help in savings as there were 6 of us to feed. And they had cold as well as hot items to choose from. The pool was a huge hit with the kids. The workout room was very nice even though we did not have time to take advantage of it. The staff were the extremely kind and accommodating... anything we needed they were right on top of it meeting our needs. We can't wait until our next trip to the Windy City so we can book another stay at this hotel.	
Dec 14 2008 	Wicked weekend trip	We stayed here for a weekend Wicked trip and our Christmas vacation. A wonderful and nice hotel. I would stay here again and would recommend it to others.You are close to Michigan Ave, a roundabout walk to get there. You can’t walk directly east to get there. A couple of blocks from Ohio and Ontario streets where all the eateries are located, Hard Rock, Gino's, Rain Forest, McDonalds etc... you can read some of the other reviews about the location to food.However, there is no room service, but you can have things delivered. No onsite place to eat. However, Einstein’s bagel eatery is in the same bld outside. The staff were very helpful and nice during our stay. The main entrance in located on the east side of the bld on Deerborn. We used valet parking and it was without incident, quick.The pool is what is to be expected in a moderate priced hotel. It is not an Olympic sized pool, and yes there are kids swimming in the pool with all fun they bring to the game. The whirlpool is smaller and was the worst part of the trip. It was very salty, either on purpose or icky, not sure. Didn't stay there long. The pool was nice, the kids loved swimming at night and seeing all the lights of the city. We saw the fitness room and it looked good.The rooms were awesome! My kids like it, not huge but just right. Towels, bathroom and blankets were all good. The TV was nice, it swiveled so you could either lay on the bed or sit on the couch and watch TV. Lots of plugs to plug in electronics. I didn’t prefer the sick outside the bathroom, but they were clean. I would have liked something to place clothes on in the bathroom instead of the toilet tank. There was no shelf or table top to use to keep things off of the floor.We walked back from the theater to the hotel about 4-5 blocks. A nice place to stay if you’re going to a play, as most are right close to each other.	
Dec 14 2008 	Comfort and value adjacent to just about everything	Finding high quality affordable accommodations in Chicago can be a daunting proposition. I spent considerable time searching for a comfortable room in a good location at price that wouldn't break my expense account. SpringHill Suites fit the bill on all counts, especially location. This hotel is surrounded by distinctive and famous places to eat. It's steps away from name-brand shopping haunts. And it's within easy proximity to many of downtown Chicago's attractions, including the Goodman Theater, the Merchandise Mart and the Michigan Avenue &quot;Miracle Mile&quot; scene. Furthermore, the staff at every turn--check-in, phone operators, breakfast wait persons--were charming and helpful.Having had experience with smaller Chicago hotel rooms, my SpringHill king suite offered a spacious change. Amenities such as the sectional sofa, coffee table, flat screen TV, microwave oven and desk lamp made the whole package seem unlike a routine hotel room. In the morning, the ample free breakfast was an additional nice surprise. All in all, even with the $40/day valet parking, my bill was still nicely under $200--easily beating comparable properties elsewhere in central Chicago. And I didn't even miss the fancy stationery.	
Dec 9 2008	EXCELLENT!	This property is new and immaculate. Very much enjoyed the stay and would recommend for individuals, families, business or pleasure. Great location - great amenities - overal - GREAT!	
Nov 17 2008 	Great Hotel/Great Location	We just spent a weekend at this hotel. I have nothing but good things to say about our experience. The location is perfect. You are about a 10 minute walk to the &quot;blue line&quot; that takes you to O Hare; literally a 5 minute walk to the &quot;red line&quot; that takes you everywhere else. We never felt like we needed a car. There is also a grocery store nearby(10 minute walk) if you want to go get wine/beer etc. and store it in the fridge.The room was very clean. Since there were only two of us, it was more than enough room. If you had more than that I could see it being a little cramped, but there is a small pull-out sofa. Even though you are right downtown, the room was very quiet. The breakfast area was the biggest I've seen in one of these hotels. They kept it well stocked the whole time. It is very busy and lots of people everywhere, but we always got more than enough to eat.It's very nice to have internet access in the lobby for checking quick e-mails and printing off boarding passes.We will definitely come again when we are fortuante enough to come back to Chicago.	
Nov 11 2008 	new and nice	My work booked the hotel for everyone (I think the rate was $249). They just opened up this hotel earlier this year. The hotel is attached to the residence inn. You go in through the revolving door and there is an elevator for springhill suites and another for residence inn guests. You go up a floor to the lobby. To the back is a lounging area to sit. To the right of it are a few computers and a printer so it is nice to print out your boarding pass when checking out of the hotel. It's all complimentary (internet &amp; printing). To the left of the sitting area is the dining area for the complimentary breakfast. They had eggs, sausage, cereal, juices, waffles, etc. It's a very adequate offering for a free breakfast. The 24-hr &quot;market&quot; is nearby the check-in desk and is a small convenience stand that has drinks and snacks.I got the room with the king bed. all in all, it looked like the hotel pics because the hotel is still new and in it's first year. the complimentary internet access is a plus. it has a microwave and mini-fridge. The sofa has a pull-out bed. you get a flat screen tv to watch. my bathroom only had a shower, but that was fine for me. The bath floor towel had a small stain (rust colored), but I turned it over and used the other side. The shower floor could of been a bit more spotlessly clean, but maybe it's the poor choice in the material type, not sure. it was quiet and a pleasant stay. all the extras add up to make this a good pick.	
Oct 19 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	This hotel was fantastic. We had never been to Chicago before and we found this hotel a true delight. Brilliant location, close to the Magnificant Mile, State Street and the Theatre District. Great for us as we wanted to visit all the sights and do lots of shopping.The staff are very helpful, and having breakfast included in the price was an added bonus. There is free access to the internet which we found useful. We bought tickets online to see Dirty Dancing at the Cadillac Theatre and it was amazing,we would definately recommend it. We also discovered a restaurant called the Grand Lux Cafe, this is the sister company of the Cheesecake Factory and you don't need to wait nearly as long for a table, You can find it beside Marshalls on Ontario Ave.We found some great bargains by visiting the Chicago Premium Outlet Centre you can book this tour through greyline tours.We had time to see most of the sights but we would recommend the John Hancock tower instead of the Sears Tower. Much better views and you get an audio tour included.The &quot;Windy City&quot; really is a fab place to visit and we will definately be back and wouldn't hesitate to stay in the Springhill Suites again.	
Sep 30 2008	SpringHill Suprise	Not being familiar with this part of Chicago, the SpringHill Suites was a wonderful surprise. Just a couple blocks from the Magnificent Mile and transportation to Navy Pier. Lots of restaurants and clubs in the area, too.Sean at the front desk was particularly helpful. He went out of his way to get dinner reservations for us. He also suggested easy ways to get to Navy Pier and he Museum Campus.	
Sep 2 2008 	Great Family Hotel	We stayed at the Springhill Suites over the Labor Day holiday this year. What a great hotel. First, location is great. Dearborn is a busy area with tons of places to eat within easy walking distance. The staff of the hotel was very helpful and pleasant. We left our camera down in the car after it was valet parked and they quickly went down and grabbed it for us. The rooms are a little small, but for our family of 3, that was not a big deal. We didn't spend a ton of time in the room anyway. My wife is tough to please on hotels so I was happy when she smiled and said it was to her liking. She was very happy with the cleanliness of the room. Overall, you can't go wrong with this place. We got it for $119 labor day special so I really considered it a great deal. I gave it 4 stars because I have to reserve the 5 star rating for those exceptional places.	
Sep 1 2008	Clean Comfortable Convenient	We just returned from a short stay in Chicago and were very pleased with our stay at the SpringHill Suites. While some have posted criticisms about the room sizes, we felt the design of the rooms was so smart that you didn't need the extra room (drawers inside a closet actually works very well). There were 4 of us in a room with 2 double beds and sofa sleeper, and we were fine. In fact, we ordered take-out dinner and sat very comfortably in the sitting end of the room. The rooms were exceptionally clean, bright, and we appreciated the modern style.One of the most important things about a hotel stay is your ability to actually sleep. Our beds were extremely comfortable, and even though the hotel was full during our stay, we didn't hear any noise when we were in our room. As others have stated, the staff is very friendly and helpful. We had not been in our room long when someone from the hotel knocked on our door to make sure we had everything we wanted.Finally, I just want to add that the hotel does not scrimp where many in its price range do. The towels are very good quality, and the shower is great, and as I've already stated so are the beds, and wall thickness. Give up a little square footage and in return receive better quality is worth it for me.	
Aug 29 2008 	Very nice - great for tourists	I have stayed at several downtown chicago hotels, and I liked this the best. It is brand new and shares the property with residence inn (they are really two sides of the same hotel - they share a common check in desk, pool, breakfast, etc.) The rooms are very modern, average sized, very clean and nicely furnished. Unlike other chicago hotels with a cramped lobby, you have to take an elevator to floor 2 to get to the lobby - and it is very nice. They have a very good free continental breakfast with hot eggs, waffles, and the usual cold foods. There is free internet in the rooms. There is also a nice (but not big) indoor pool, whirlpool and nice fitness room. Overall I would highly recommnd this, expecially for tourists or families visiting chicago. It is close to the river - you can walk to Michigan Ave, the water taxis, etc.	
Aug 18 2008 	True Tips about Springhill Suites Chicago	Here are some actual true tips about the April 2008 built Springhill Suites in Chicago, River North, which is a nice but not super special hotel where the Baskets family spent four nights in August 2008. Our room had two double beds (no queens ever available--every room same, single king or two doubles plus pullout sofa) and a pull out sofa. It has a small fridge, a microwave, a desk and chair, and is very neuveaux in design—see many tripadvisor photos of the rooms. The rooms are very long and narrow, and although there is a nice floor-to-ceiling window view of the city (higher floors better—26 floors plus 27th fl pool), the rooms feel startlingly tight. If one is looking for spaciousness, then these rooms are not it. The dresser is inside the closet, you will stumble across the pull-out bed in open position, and the bathroom with sink outside it is tight and has a walk-in closet feel. These rooms are great for two people; four is tight.The fridge, microwave, in-room free wifi and free local calls are welcome touches. The staff is extremely courteous and helpful, right from check-in. The mornings have a free breakfast of simple eggs, sausage, oatmeal and the like. If you’ve stayed at any Marriott Residence Inn or Fairfield Inn, it’s similar, Make your own waffles, that sort of thing. But nice, and free. I did not use hotel parking to comment on it, but driving in Chicago is horrendous in general, and I lived here for five years. Merchandise sales tax is—hold your breath—10.25% as of this writing. So, buy your camera, batteries, film, underwear and other non-grocery items at home before you get here. Wondering if the Mob still runs Chicago, because I need to find a loan shark just to afford the sales tax. Hotel tax similarly criminal. Chicago Restaurant tax nearly 11%! Includes Mickey Ds and any eatery. The Springhill lobby is decorated with funky, modern minimalism and is pleasing—this hotel is in the same building and shares the same entrance as the Marriott Residence Inn Chicago—see reviews of that hotel and pick the one with the best deals/rates when you stay here. Same building. I would do plenty of rate shopping as, in this area, this hotel is not as nice (although newer) than the Marriott Renaissance on One Wacker Drive up the street—but in general that hotel is pricier. So, if you’re getting this one at full price and that one at a discount, that one is better.The swimming pool at this Springhill Suites is, in a word, abysmal. A backyard pool is larger, and it plus the hot tub had more people than I’ve ever seen in a pool in my life. For the number of rooms in this building, the pool was a complete disaster, loaded with peeing children, stressed parents, and littered with towels and trash. Some people would go to a city hotel for an indoor oasis in the wintertime—this is not the place for that. Every night, same scene. I honestly wonder if the building fire code is broken with that many screaming people in a pool the size of two king sized beds. There is a workout area adjacent to the swimming pool with LifeFitness brand elliptical trainers and treadmills, TVs and weights which is serviceable. Better choice, run along the Chicago lakefront. There are 9 coin-op laundry machines ($1 wash, $1 dry) right next to the gym area.The key feature of this hotel is its location: 2 blocks from Harry Carey’s Restaurant and House of Blues, within 4 blocks of Hard Rock, Rock N Roll McD’s, Sportsmart, Chop House, and Michigan Av. There’s a CVS two blocks away and Walgreens four blocks away and Navy Pier is about 8 blocks away. It is, in a word, the quintessential location for all of your Chicago activities if you plan to walk. Eateries are all around this place within a couple blocks—dozens and dozens—and the area is safe. Blues on Clark, other clubs and bars are two blocks away. Watertower Place 6 blocks away. The only area slightly further—about ten blocks-- is Millennium Park and Grant Park, so if your whole vacation is being there and seeing the museums and Soldier Field and theater district around those parks, then you should stay on the south side of the river (e.g. One Wacker Drive Marriott Renaissance is closer). Or take the bus or shed some shoe leather (go on, it’s good for you) from Springhill Suites. Frankly, as any Chicagoan knows, staying in the area right around Grant Park on lower Michigan Avenue is not desirable, particularly at night: desolate, more vagrants selling Streetwise, that sort of deal. But Marriott Renaissance is fine as it is on the river. So, you’d be better staying here on North Dearborn at Springhill for most of the tourist attractions in Chicago. For singles or those “on the prowl”, the Dearborn area is superb as you can walk to the best clubs in all of Chicago (e.g. Excalibur, The Redhead Piano Bar) and there are three adult bookstores within eyeshot of the Springhill Suites. There is a Starbucks and an Einstein Bagel one block away. Suggest www.maps.live.net and placing address 410 North Dearborn in and checking a birds eye view and you will learn plenty about where this hotel is located. Very sweet. So, all in all, I like the newness, but can see that this hotel will someday become dated and worn by travelers who tend to slam bang around in the tiny rooms.. The rooms are claustrophobic, and I know, we all say “well, I’m just going to be sleeping there, that’s all”, but in the end, size does matter. I urge you to grab the book or the laptop and simply, as I am doing while I write this review, sit in the lobby and enjoy some light and space. All that said, the rates are good, the location is premiere, and the staff is very friendly. With the room amenities such as microwave, plus the wifi and continental (mostly) breakfast, the place is strong. It is the future for hotels, in small ways, such as no ice vending machines on the floors to save space and noise, to large ways such as middle priced rooms, with amenities (fridge, et cetera) but very tight rooms to fit as many lodgers as possible in the hotel. A “city” hotel by any standard, not a resort, not overly posh, but for now, hip and trendy (cues from The Standard in California). Just leave your swim trunks at home. Plenty of others have added photos of the rooms, so I added some of the exterior and the lobby. Enjoy.	
Aug 16 2008 	Where do I put my stuff?	We had a &quot;larger corner suite&quot; for six days but while trying for a clean look, the hotel forgot some guests like to unpack. There were no dressers, no towel bars in the bathoom, and a tiny closet which also held a built-in four drawer shelf and the ironing board, iron and hair dryer. There was only one night stand for our king bed and one lamp overhead in the middle - not good for bedtime readers! The sink area was only large enough for the sink, with no counter space. There were two open shelves under the sink for the towels; I kept trying to store toiletries there but the cleaning staff would pull them out, put them on the floor, and replace the towels! Our 11 year old was assigned the pull-out couch and we had to put his clothes under the tv shelf; again, no drawers in the living area. There were no in-room movies and tv channels were limited, but we did play a lot of cards at night instead. The water coming out of the sinks smelled horrible. The breakfast area was chaotic and limited; after the first day, we grabbed a yogurt and banana and left. On the plus side, the location was awesome (if you could overlook feeling like a poor cousin to the better-appointed attached Residence Inn) and the staff was always cheerful and helpful. We will stay in the River North area again but not at this hotel.	
Aug 14 2008 	Good Value; Great Location	Stayed 5 nights at this hotel recently with husband and son. None of us had ever been to Chicago so we weren't sure exactly where in the city to book our hotel. The Springhill Suites turned out to be a great location--convienenant to the Magnificent Mile shops, Navy Pier, the Chicago River, and tons of restaurants. We flew into Midway airport so we rode the train in to the Clark/Lake station. From there the hotel was a very short walk. The hotel shares its entrance and building with the Marriott Residence hotel. There were plenty of cabs available outside although we did not use them. We used the trains, buses and walked.Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful with all concerns. The room was very nice--especially since this is a new property. We really liked the seating area and big flat screen TV. Also the free internet access. The free breakfast was great. It featured both hot and cold selections each morning. Overall I'd have to give this 2 thumbs up...would stay here again!	
Aug 8 2008 	A Great Hotel - Wonderful Location - Reasonbly Priced	Staying at Springhill Suites was a treat. Only a few months old this hotel's location was great - about 3 minute walk to Michigan Avenue and lots of restaurants and bars nearby. It was across from the &quot;House of Blues&quot; and right next door to the Westin River North.Check-in was a breeze. The staff was friendly and very efficient. Parking was a bit steep at $42/day. If you have time and patience - you might want to drive around and look for a parking lot cheaper than this. Their hot breakfast buffet was ample - with a waffle station, sausages, eggs, a variety of breads/pastries, fruits, juices and coffee/tea/hot cocoa.It was a bit odd that the &quot;Check-in Lobby&quot; was a floor up, and that it shared also the main lobby of the Residence Inn. As you exit the elevator, Springhill was on the left and Residence inn was to the right. The rooms were spacious and very clean. There was a flat screen TV that was conveniently positioned to be view from either the bed or the &quot;living room&quot; area. The comfy L shaped couch doubled as a sofa bed too. Beds are comparable to Westin's Heavenly bed. The suite had a coffee maker, microwave and a refrigerator.We had free WiFi for 24 hours and that was very convenient. We got a discounted rate of $159 per night from Marriott's website. We were very happy with the Springhill Suites and would definitely stay there again!	
Aug 4 2008 	New clean room convenient	Stayed here for one night in late July. Hotel is very new and is in the same building as the Marriott Residence Inn (share same elevator bank to lobby, different check-in areas).My room was modern and very clean. Breakfast area was well stocked and had plenty of room to sit. Hotel convenient to business or pleasure, with a number of restaurants nearby.I had requested a king room and was given a king handicapped room. It seemed well set up for someone who was handicapped (although since I am not, I will admit I am no expert). As such it had an open shower area and entire tiled bathroom area with floor drains which seemed like they would work well if you had limited mobility. It seemed slightly like a hospital bathroom to me - not exactly the relaxing spa bath experience I was hoping for after a long trip and day of meetings. Otherwise, the hotel worked very well for me and I would stay there again.	
Jul 17 2008 	Recommended - Nice Clean Room - Good CS -	Booked through hotel website, same price as all others. Don't spend extra on corner king suite - was not really a 2 bedroom suite. but Customer Service from Valet to Front Desk was above average for other hotels I've stayed in chicago (2/3x year) Would stay again - FREE breakfast buffet was way above average as well, hot/cold quick options. Room was ready by 11am on a Sunday check in which was a nice suprise. Pool was VERY very small, not crowded, on the 27th floor which was nice, kids still had fun - lots of chlorine, but I suppose that's a good thing. hot tub average (small size)	
Jul 17 2008 	Better as expected but...	the breakfast needs getting used to - at least for me as a European. Dishes etc. were all plastic, food was rather fast food style. Besides that, housekeeping forgot to clean the shower one day. Our room had modern furniture, the bed was above standard. Hotel is in good shape since it is newly opened (Spring 2008).	
Jul 14 2008 	Great Experience	We stayed here for 3 nights and were pleased with everything. There was a good breakfast (only drawback was that it never changed). The location was good - short walk to buses and trains. We got a good rate from travelzoo - would definitely stay here again!	
Jul 13 2008 	Springhill Suites / Great location great for families	Went to a couple Cubs games last week with my son and decided to stay downtown. Booked the SpringHIll Suites and was very very pleased. I'll make this quick and to the point:Positives: Location is AWESOME. It's right by everything. The redline on Grand, tons of great places to eat, excellent shopping...it's easy to get to if you're driving, and again, in terms of location, it can't be beat.We got a great price. Basically 250 bucks got me the room, taxes and various chargees, a free buffet breakfast and parking. (in fact $41 of the $250 was parking related.)Staff was friendly and professional. We had requested early checkin and was actually able to get in our room by 11:00Room was nice. Was it the nicest room I've ever been in? Nope. But it was spacious, clean and was a perfect spot for my son and I. If you are looking for 4 star luxury, this isn't it, but if youi are looking for nice, new, clean, well located, family friendly, this place is perfect. Negatives: I don't really have any complaints about this place at all. $41 seemed a little steep for parking, but it is downtown, and we did get unlimited in / out privledges, so I'm not really complaining about the hotel itself, moreso I'm just kinda bummed that I have to pay that much to park in the first place.Bottom line...I do recommend this hotel. It was a great buy, great location, and nice room. And by the way, the breakfast wasn't bad either. I'll be back.	
Jul 12 2008 	Acceptable	I booked the trip through the Entertainment Book. There really wasn't a problem with the hotel. It was simply preferences. The staff was very accomedating. Two rooms were booked. The rooms were on separate floors. We requested that the rooms be on the same floor, connecting preferably. The rooms we were given were next to each other. The hotel offers a complimentary breakfast as well as tea and coffee throughout the day. Very nice feature. I am not a breakfast person but my travel companions are and enjoyed this feature. The hotel is new so the rooms were very clean. However I like to relax by taking a bath. The rooms only had showers. I was rather disappointed. The hotel did not have ice machines, instead they had bags of ice in there &quot;market place&quot; that guests could take. The problem with this is that the bag frozen into a huge ice cube that did not fit into the ice bucket and certainly was not able to be placed into glasses. The decor of the rooms looked as if they were decorated by Ikea. I expected a more refined look from a Marriot hotel.	
Jul 7 2008 	From start to finish wonderful experience	It's understandable to be apprehensive about staying in a brand new hotel, wondering if all the 'glitches' will be a problem.From the time of our arrival on July 2nd till our departure on July 6th it was a tremendous experience.The front desk is exceptional. A week before our arrival I had to make arrangements to pick up a birthday cake, they-the front desk-were able to give me three bakeries within one block of the hotel. By the way, the cake was tremendous. They were so very courteous and helpful throughout our entire stay.The hospitality did not stop at the front desk, the personnel manning the valet, the housekeeping staff, and the people working the breakfast service, all top notch.Wonderful location, close to great restarurants, public transportation, and all the things you'd like to do while visiting Chicago.Our room was great! Wonderful beds, flat screen TV, small fridge, internet access, and quiet!I would definitely make this my preference for any future stays in Chicago.	
Jul 1 2008 	Great Value Family Friendly	The Springhill Suites in downtown Chicago was a great selection for my young family. We came to Chicago to visit the museums and downtown area. The room was spacious and very clean. The staff was friendly, gave good advice about the museums, and quite accommodating. The morning breakfast had a good selection of pastries, breads, fruits, juices, and hot items as well. Valet parking was expensive (not surprising for the location) but the staff was helpful and we had no problems. The only downside was the location was a bit far to walk to the museums. If you are interested in visiting the theater district or shops along Michigan Ave., this is a great location. But the walk to the aqaurium and planetarium was at least 2 1/2 miles (felt longer with the kids). We decided to take the el on the second day which helped a bit.We would definitely choose this hotel again, but just plan differently about how to get around.	
Jun 22 2008 	Stay next door at the Residence Inn instead	This is an ok hotel - new and in a good location.We booked it at 40 cheaper vs the Residence Inn which is right next door.This is the same hotel - two streams...very different.RI is larger with a full kitchen...Spring Hills is smaller. they share a pool, lobby...breakfast is served in both - but the breakfasts is different....scrabble eggs at RI, granola...at SH you get a egg sausage breakfast sandwich...both have waffles, yogurt...Service was terrible....did not clean our rooms until we complained...then they asked us what we wanted them to do (clean our room!)Meantime while they were cleaning our rooms we went to the pool...surprise, they were cleaning the pool at 2pRI is larger - with full kitchen. SS has microwave, small fridge...very comfortable bed and we had a corner suite so the room size was ok...but honestly for only $40 more I would have stayed at RI...its like an upgrade.So check the differences between the 2 before you book.	
Jun 14 2008 	Wonderful hotel great location and great staff	We stayed at this hotel for two nights. It was a mini trip to Chicago with our two daughters and grandparents. I saw an offer on travelzoo for $159 which included a complimentary breakfast. Loved that! When we first checked in they had our two rooms on separate floors, which I forgot to specify next to each other when making reservations. I brought it to their attention and it was immediately changed with no hassels. We even checked in an hour prior to check-in time and were given our rooms with no waiting. The hotel is very new and very clean, and I loved the modern decor, (except for flourescent lighting in bathrooms.) The rooms were fine, although I do agree that the tiny closet does not leave much room for hanging anything up, especially when a chest of drawers is inside. They come with a microwave, mini frig and coffee maker which all came in handy. The beds were very comfortable. Cell phone reception was not great in the rooms and we lost a lot of calls. We were on the 12th floor and it was extremely quiet, I wondered if anyone else was even on our floor. The pool was quite small and my 10 year old after viewing it full of other kids decided against a swim that evening. The complimentary breakfast was wonderful each morning. They had a lot to choose from; eggs, sausage, waffles, bagels, muffins, fresh fruit, yogurt, oatmeal, cereal, something for everyone. They were always filling it so nothing ran out. The staff in my opinion were wonderful, always pleasant and helpful. We were at the front desk several times asking directions and they always went out of their way to help, even finding out tour times, etc. for us. Kudos to All of them! This makes a stay so much more enjoyable, even just by greeting you every time you enter or leave. The location was also great. We walked to Michigan Ave., to our performance of Wicked, and even to the Navy Pier. We definitely would go back in a heartbeat, no real complaints. Enjoyed it!	
Jun 12 2008 	Pretty Great Stay	This hotel is pretty new and is a great place for the night. Even though the room was free (racked up some Marriot points), I still might have stayed here for whatever it costs. It was very comfortable and had everything I needed.The bed was very comfortbale and the sleeper sofa wasn't too bad either, no annyoying bar in your back. I slept very well, especially with the ajustable wall thermostat (very nice at 68). There was a good clock/radio on the nightstand. Unlike what the photos on the hotel website, it was not an iHome. I have an iPod touch and used the room's Wifi for internet access. It worked great. If I were to have brought my laptop, there was even a wired ethernet connection. The office chair at the desk was pretty good, not great.The bathroom was small, just the shower and toilet. The shower had good water pressure and the door was glass (see pic). That was pretty cool. Of course, soap, shampoo, and lotion were provided in the room, but at the front desk, there was toothpaste, brushes, razors, and shaving cream avaliable for free. The hair dryer was in the closet to conserve room, but it was a very high quality one. Not the standard type found at most hotels.The television was a flat panel LCD. Nice to have, but the lack of HD channels was noticebale since everything was a little distorted. Also, the channel lineup was pretty limited. It contained locals, Discovery, TBS, every ESPN there is, USA, A&amp;E, CNN, and a few others. Comcast sports net was absent from the list, so if you are planning on watchng the Cub or White Sox games, you better plan on going to the park, or hope its on WGN.I'm sorry I don't have any pictures of the pool. It was dissapointingly small. The hot tub was extremely small. It was also very warm in the room. There was an outside patio to go on to, but for some reason, it was locked during my stay. The pool and fitness room, which was extremely nice, were located on the top, 27th floor. The fitness room had everything you need it looked like (i didn't have time to use it). There were TV's built into each running machine.The morning breakfast is pretty good. They have pretty much everything you would want. There is cereal, muffins, fruit, sausage and egg patties, pastries, yogurts, make your own waffles (very good) and a few juices. Its not the best but it gets the job done. If you are daring, you could try to sneak over to the Ressidnce inn and get their breakfast (looked a little bit better).Great hotel and I would definitely stay here again.	
May 26 2008 	We'll be back!	We are suburbanites who frequently come downtown and stay for a night or two. Our college aged daughter accompanied us, prompting us to look for a suite hotel.This hotel is new and terrific. As of less than two months of being open, there are no rough spots. Service was top notch, rooms were clean and sized adequately. My daughter said that her sofa sleeper was plenty comfortable.Our dates (Memorial day wknd.) presented us with a full house, but other than a crowd at the breakfast buffet, it was calm and quiet especially on the floor we were on. Might have been the hotel's no party policy that each guest signs at checkin.The rather small pool is on the 27th floor, with an absolutely amazing view, but can get very noisy when the kids get to shouting. That may improve when the outside deck is open and the noise has &quot;somewhere to go&quot;.The location is within walking distance (block or two) of the the Chicago River, House of Blues, many excellent restaurants and opportunities for night life.We will absolutely return any time we are looking for a reasonably priced suite hotel downtown.	
May 19 2008 	SpringHill perfect for a group great location and free breakfast!	My group of 12 stayed at the SpringHill over the weekend in 3 rooms, and the hotel was nearly perfect. The rooms are all very big and perfect for a group as they all had nice sofa beds. Great location - easy walking to shops on Michigan Ave, State Street and Millenium Park. Right around the corner from Howl at the Moon and lots of other restaurants and bars. We never took the 'L' but both the red and brown lines were within a few blocks. Hotel included a free breakfast which was really good! Only negatives - the rooms had really bad cell phone reception, but the front desk said they're aware of it, so hopefully will be fixed soon (hotel only 7 weeks old). Also there were some AC issues in the common areas (a little hot) and elevators slow around breakfast. Valet parking was pricey ($40) but there were several open surface parking lots and garages in the area...but driving in Chicago is pretty crazy so we just did the valet.I've lived in Chicago, and I would highly recommend this hotel to visitors!	
May 6 2008	Nice new hotel	My son and I stayed at the new Springhill Suites shortly after it opened in April. We were in Chicago doing some college visits. The daytime staff was wonderful. We arrived well before check in time and were given our room! It was a nice way to start our first day in Chicago. We had asked if we could just drop off our bags, before making our first visit that afternoon. The nice staff printed off a map, and pointed out that we could walk a couple of blocks to Grand to catch the red line train. We rode the train to Loyola, DePaul, and Northwestern. We liked the decor of the room. Our room had 2 doubles and a small sitting area. The closet was a bit small but workable for the two of us. There was a microwave and a small cooler or fridge (make sure to shut the door firmly). The breakfast was very good and the staff managed it well, even though it was busy. They have coffee available throughout the day. The sitting area is very nice with a fireplace. There are 2 computer stations in the lobby with free internet access and a printer to print boarding passes. The rooms also are supposed to have free internet access. Thanks to the pleasant staff and clean surroundings, I would stay here again.	
Apr 23 2008 	Really enjoyed Springhill Suites River North	We stayed at Springhill River North the first week that it opened. It was exciting to stay at a brand new hotel and not have to think about worn or dirty rooms. I thought it was wonderful! They were still working out kinks (elevators not working occasionally - just walk over to the Residence Inn side and use their elevators) but the overall experience was great.Location is wonderful. A decent walk to Michigan Ave (6 and 8 year old daughters did very well). A very short trip to the Rock and Roll McDonalds and Rainforest Cafe. Lots of night spots and restaurants in the area. A brief and cheap cab ride from Union Station. A short walk to the Navy Pier Free Trolley. Super nice and efficient staff. Really nice free breakfast - a definite step up from the norm (make your own waffle station, make your own sausage mcmuffins, generous fruit cups, yogurt, juice, cereals). The pool is small but adequate ...though we were there on spring break so lots of kids...I felt sorry for travelers attempting to get swim laps in!!Room size was more than adequate...a bit cramped but what hotel room isn't these days? The bathroom is nice sized and it is really convenient to have a mini frig and microwave. Internet usage was free. It was great, also, to have the small sitting area. I will definitely stay again if the price is right!!	
Apr 20 2008 	Great hotel in Chicago	This is a new hotel under Marriott. It is an all-suite hotel. The room we stayed was huge. Has a separate bedroom, living room area, kitchenette. It was rather busy when we checked it but the hotel staff were excellent. Hotel offers complimentary hot breakfast: sausage, eggs, fresh waffles, sweet rools, bagels, bread, hot/cold cereal and fresh fruits.SpringHill shares the building with Residence Inn - another Marriott hotel.Location is great. Near the theatre district, Magnificent Mile, and State Street shopping. All 3 locations are within walking distance.	
Apr 14 2008 	Brand New	I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights, 4/10/08 &amp; 4/11/08. It just opened 2 weeks ago. Of course everything is new so that is very nice. No feeling of everything being worn and used. The room was a queen suite...one queen bed and a pull out couch. Nice furniture, kitchen area, sink outside of the shower area which is nice if you have a bigger group. Staff very attentive. They serve a hot breakfast each morning, complimentary, that was really good. Again, the breakfast area is all new and nice. As always a few minor complaints, not much closet/hanging room. Lighting was either not where you wanted it or very bright and severe. I think they were trying for the hip and trendy lighting look and it didn't work for me. Location to Michigan Ave. was a little too far for me. Everyone has different needs in hotel rooms so opinions are just that...what makes it good or bad for you. This hotel is brand new so it is very nice and I would recommend it.	
Nov 2 2009 	Solo controla la limpieza y aprende ingles ...sino....		
Sep 21 2008 	Hôtel fonctionnel très bien situé		
