Oct 2 2009 	easy to get to from ORD but hard to return from the city after partying at night	The shuttle was prompt at picking us up, waiting about 25 minutes at the airport. It was a breeze to check-in, and we were put on the 6th floor. The room was comfortable, being only my second stay at a 4 Points. The funny thing about the room was the addition of the sliding glass 'balcony' door in front of the other. It worked just well enough to stand out there and smoke when you close the inside door. The place was hosting a number of wedding/receptions so we could only get a King room on the SPG floor. The shuttle is convenient for getting back to ORD to catch the blue line, but a pain in the middle of the night.Likes: It was $89, free internet, comfortable bed, nice sized roomDislikes: Inconvenient for going into the city, a LONG walk to find foodOverall: If you have business around the airport, this can be a decently priced hotel with just the right amount of amenities.	
Sep 23 2009 	Worst Hotel I Have Stayed At In 2009	I stayed for 4 nights at the Four Points O'Hare in mid-September 2009. At first I thought I was going to have an excellent experience, with the shuttle service at O'Hare to the hotel being prompt and very clean. I was staying with a group of professionals who were attending an off-site training course, and the majority of us were staying here due to the free shuttle to our course.Check-in was easy, however, soon as I got to my room it was a nightmare! For some reason, they gave me a room that the bathroom was still dirty (they have these trays with soap, etc. that had a used bar of soap in it, and the outline in some red liquid of a toothbrush that was from a previous guest). There just happened to be a maid in the room across the hall from me that was able to clean the bathroom to satisfaction. While the maid was cleaning the bathroom, I noticed one of the decorative pillows had a brown stain on it on the bed. The maid could not change the pillow, and did not understand what I was saying to her. I just through it on the floor for the duration of my stay.The trip got worse on our second day - we were expecting a shuttle from the hotel to come at 5pm to pick us up to return us to the hotel - it did not show up so we called at about 5:10pm. The front desk told us it was on it's way. We kept calling (7 times in total, in about 5 minute intervals) until a van showed up that we all squished into (it was to small for the group, but we squeezed in out of frustration) around 6:10pm!Due to the late pick-up, I decided to order a pizza on the room service menu as I had to get some work done. The room service offers 30 minutes or free, and I was told when I placed my order, it would be 25 minutes. After 50 minutes, I called the room service desk and was told the pizza was on it's way. When the pizza arrived, I assumed it would be for free - but the room service delivery boy insisted I sign for it or he was going to take it back and it would be charged to my room anyways! Front desk was then called, and they said it hadn't been 30 minutes! At this point it was well over an hour, and a cold pizza was going back to the kitchen. I called a local pizza place to get my meal, and contacted my credit card company. Luckily, upon checkout, the charge was not there for the pizza.On the last day of the course, they sent us out in a bus that had duct tape all over the emergency roof exit, and a broken emergency exit window to end my stay.If you need to be at this hotel, there is a Hampton Inn just down the street - I would stay there my next trip to the O'Hare area of Chicago.I've never been so glad to leave a hotel!	
Aug 9 2009 	Convenient for airport	Very convenient for the aiport with free shuttle bus every 20 minutes. You can get the blue line train to downtown Chicago at the airport; however, it will take about an hour.Bar and restaurant good. Rooms spacious.Downside: the quality of the bedding was very poor. Sheets were thin and not ironed leaving me convinced they had not been changed after the previous occupant had left. Also found the previous occupants dirty socks in the wardrobe which added to my concerns!Corridors need a little freshening up as they had a musty smell. If you have laundry done, don't expect it to be delivered to your room - you will need to collect it yourself.Overall, a hotel convenient for the airport. Sheraton in name only!	
Jul 9 2009 	Good location for O'Hare and Donald Stephenson Convention Centre	Room pretty good.Free internet.Small but nice swimming pool. Good jacuzzi.Free shuttle to O'Hare.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great stay great hotel.	I stayed at this hotel about a week ago and had a excellent stay. Although, I was only at the hotel for a night I felt that this hotel met all my needs and went above and beyond what I expected. The staff was really polite and they seemed to have everything running smoothly considering how busy they were. People were coming in and out constantly and they staff kept everything organized. My room was really clean and when I ordered room service it was there promptly and tasted great. I would definitely stay at this hotel again and will probably continue to stay at this hotel when I am going through O'Hare airport in the future or even when I'm just in chicago for leisure.	
Jun 10 2009 	Not bad	good:the bed was very comfortable. very close to ohare airportbad:This hotel looked somewhat old inside and looks like they renovated it.access from interstate is somewhat complex though it is visible from interstate.overall it is a Ok hotel.	
May 13 2009 	Good enough	We flew out of O'Hare and used the hotel primarily as it offered the park &amp; stay. After arriving we were greeted by courteous staff and checked into our room expeditiously. The room was basic - nothing too exciting, though we only had 2 towels. Everything at the hotel was fine - we enjoyed the bar with the free appetizers. Our only complaint was the whirlpool/pool area. It must not be used often. The whirlpool was totally filthy - it was disturbing actually. After we turned on the jets this black scum (mold?) starting floating and the water was cold and a yellowish-green color. Make sure the pools/whirlpools are clean before you go inside of them. Otherwise the purpose of this hotel was met - our car was just fine upon our return and was kept within a locked area.	
Mar 21 2009 	Not bad	The rooms must have been recently updated, because the lighting is modern and the beds are comfortable. I stayed in two different rooms his week, and both had wear indicated in the tub. The rest of the bathroom was fine on both accounts. My biggest irritation is that in both rooms the shampoo and lotion bottles we have full when I arrived. Meaning they are too cheap or lazy to make sure they are replacing the bottles every day between guests. As far as transportation goes, the hotel van goes to the airport every 20 min, where it is easy to catch the blue line. It just takes a little time. I recommend this hotel for the comfort of the rooms and proximity to O'hare, but not if you are wanting to take the blue line into town.	
Mar 15 2009 	Dated dirty room staff tried but not enough	The hotel is badly in need of a face lift, dirty carpet, mold in the bathrrom fan, a poor bathrrom renovation. The front check in was a long wait, due to only one employee at check in. Friendly but overwhelmed	
Mar 11 2009 	Fast and Friendly	The friendly reception staff had us checked in and on our way to our room in minutes. The room was a nice size and I am always happy to see a working fridge and microwave. The breakfast staff was courteous and helpful.I would definitely stay here again.	
Oct 26 2008 	Decent Stay	Stayed for one night in July 2008 for a business trip...had to visit offices around the airport area so the location was what I needed, and still ok to drive into the city. Lobby was nice, but hallways looked a bit tired. The room itself was fine for a one night stay. Plenty of room for one person and was clean. Bed sheets and bathroom was clean, nothing gross to report. Check in and check out was fine. For an overnight stay near O'hare airport it was all that I needed...clean, safe, served the purpose.	
Oct 25 2008 	Unless you are only here for a night don't stay here!	Had to stay at this hotel for a seminar. It is not near anything and it is impossible to get anywhere unless you have a car. The worst part is you can't even order take out. The hotel does not carry phone books and can not recommend (and will not) a take out place. The hotel staff are not friendly!	
Aug 31 2008 	Cheap quality amenities	1. NO complimentary breakfast, and they did not tell this while booking!!! again B'fast selection is cheap!!!2. No refridgerator and microwave in a room. Again, these are available to &quot;VIP&quot; guests only.3. Quality of somt hings is so cheap...e.g. even the pen I was using (which was given by the hotel) is cheap....may something made in rural china....I would never ever stay at this chain again.	
Aug 13 2008 	No Complaints	My friends daughter booked this room thru Priceline.com for the 3 of us for &quot;Beatlefest&quot; which was held a short drive from here at the Hyatt Regency. She got a fantastic deal. $50.00!! I really don't understand all of the negative reviews unless people were expecting breathtaking, senic views and such. Granted, there were NO views as the place was (as earlier reviewed) surrounded by expressways and loading docks. But C'mon people...you're in Chicago right next to O'Hare! And I never really dealt with check-in, or any of the staff except for the bartender who was kind of a tool. None of that really mattered to me. We were only there overnight to sleep anyway and I got the best nights sleep I have ever had in a hotel room. The beds were big and clean with a nice sheet/blanket/ THICK comforter set plus 5 pillows on each bed. Dual sliding glass doors for the balcony cut all the outside traffic noise. Wi-Fi was fine and had no problems connecting. Room did not smell musty or smoky. I would definitely use this hotel again at this price...but not for an extended stay or a family vacation to Chicago. Location was not condusive to much in the way of &quot;activities&quot;.	
Jul 31 2008 	A Big Improvement	Stayed at the Sheraton for Park and Fly for one night. Big improvement over our last stay. Rooms have been renovated and are much more comforable. The free internet was helpful. We arrived at 7pm and checked out at 5:30am. Beds were comfortable. Room was clean. Looks like the removations of the bathrooms were done a little quicker and sloppier than they should have but it still looks much nicer than before. Staff was nice. We had dinner at the restaurant downstairs and it was decent. Overall it was an easy sollution to getting to the airport early.	
Jul 19 2008 	Stay Only One Night	This is a good hotel to stay for just ONE night before catching a plane the next morning - they offer a great airport shuttle that is reliable and leaves about every 20 minutes. The rooms are small but have just been renovated and the bed was very comfortable. I agree as others have noted that the hallways leading to the rooms are a bit dingy (maybe creepy) and in desperate need of a facelift - apparently they only had enough money to renovate the rooms. As a Gold Starwood member this Four Points ranks towards the bottom but if your a road warrior and trying to keep your Starwood status current the price to stay here vs. the Westin or Sheraton might be worth it.	
Jun 13 2008	Disappointing	We stayed here one June night before an early flight from O’Hare.First, the positives. The staff members we encountered were cordial, check-in was quick, and the lobby and other common areas have some great, historic photos of Chicago from the late 19th and early 20th centuries. The guest rooms seem to have been recently renovated; the furnishings are new and contemporary, and everything works. And the rate for the property’s stay-and-fly package was quite favorable.The bar is a typical hotel bar, though a little dingy. They did have a nice New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc, and the appetizers were tasty and well-prepared, though they seemed to take longer than they should have.Now, the negatives. The hotel itself is in need of a face lift. The halls have old-school, suspended acoustic ceilings that are quite low and contribute to a claustrophobic feel. The walls of our guest room were paper-thin: we could hear the guests in the next room talking (and they didn’t seem to be speaking particularly loudly), and the traffic noise from nearby I-294 was quite noticeable. To make matters worse, the wall-mounted air conditioning unit was very loud.The beds, while comfortable, had an odd assortment of pillows. The ones on which we actually slept were super thin, while the others were purely decorative: one was too large and the other too small to actually use as additional pillows. Bathroom towels were among the thinnest I’ve used in a long time. The toilet paper roll was almost empty, and there wasn’t a spare in sight. We chose this Four Points because the rate at the nearby Westin (at which we usually stay) was much higher than usual. Had I known then what I know now, I’d have gladly paid the extra.	
Jun 13 2008 	Over Priced	This hotel is way over priced. The rooms are nothing fancy. The bathroom is cramped, but the bathtub had lots of leg room but is a shallow tub. The bathroom is not split, sink, toilet and tub all together. The hallways were hot w/a funky smell and the ice machine on the 5th floor didn't work so had to go down to the 4th floor where it was like a suana there. They've added a new slidding glass door, but didn't bother to remove the old one. so the rooms are about 3 inches shorter now. Has a balcony which is very, very tiny. The bed was so-so comfortable. Not as good as other hotel brands. The business center is &quot;one&quot; computer so get in line. The shuttle driver must think he's Dale jr. He took an exit ramp turn so fast that everyone on the bus had to grab to hold on to keep from sliding out of their seat. The shuttle runs on the 20's. On the plus side. front desk service was painless. I checked in early and also got a late check-out (2pm) w/ no problems. Room had a flat screen tv but I noticed that not all the rooms had them. There's 27 channels which most were the junk channels. Room service was good and very quick. Had the rueben sandwich and asked if they would cook the fries an extra minute for crispness. The food arrived in a short amount of time and was very hot. The pool is indoors w/ a large hot tub. The free hors de vours was empty except for the veggies and dip and no plates to be had. I waited a few minutes but no one came to refill anything at that time. This is a $90-120 a room hotel.	
Jun 3 2008 	Newly renovated--Perfect for an airport hotel	We needed a hotel that was clean, safe and convenient for our 3 night stay to attend a family reunion in nearby Elmhurst on two of the days. Had two rooms. One for my wife and I using Starwood points and another for cash for mid 20’s daughter and her friend. Believe me my ladies are very spoiled and picky and I did not hear one complaint about anything. Remember it is not a resort, just a clean, convenient, value property on the perimeter of the airport, though we did not hear one plane. Spent time at the hotel only to sleep, clean up and nap in the afternoon. This was a perfect location and good value for our needs. Was very concerned by the poor reviews from earlier in the year. Called the hotel and found out the remodel was complete and all the rooms were redone. We were very pleased with room. The bathroom was completely redone with all new fixtures including bathtub, walls, sink, toilet, vanity mirror and lights. Clean and bright. Room was nicely redone--everything was new. Room was not huge but not too small either. Front desk was always well staffed and staff was accommodating, competent and friendly. Have absolutely no complaints. It's not the Ritz and neither is the price. It was a great value for our needs. I see other reviews referred to a gated parking lot--lot was not gated but we didn't care. Got a drink in the bar to take to the room and staff there and at adjacent restaurant was very friendly late at night for the few minutes I was there. I would stay here again for same needs.	
Jun 2 2008 	Decent For The Value!	Booked an award stay at this property for a late arrival. Hotel has free shuttle to the OHare Int'l Airport which is a nice touch. Checkin was efficient with a small lobby. The hotel had several wedding parties at the time so the hotel pool (indoor) and the jacuzzi, fitness center were closed during my time of stay but it does seems nice.The room I received was on the 7th Floor overlooking the parking lot (not the end seeing the Cargo portion of the airport). The Bed was comfortable. The water pressure is oK (same shower head as they use at the sheraton). Bathroom is clean and they do provide water, mini fridge and LCD TV in the room and best of all, free WiFI! I think for price (and cate 2 hotel for award). this is a good value. Tried the on-site restuarant (mirage), the staffs were friendly and the food is decent too. The price is moderate.Things I don't like about this property is the walk to the elevators, VERY long walk from the entrance, feels like a 5 minutes hike if ur towards the end of the building, and there are only 3 elevators for the entire hotel. There's nothing nearby the property (not even gas station!) so if you don't have a car, don't stay here. I would recommend this hotel if you want something cheap &amp; affordable nearby OHare.	
May 19 2008 	Nice place near airport	I was a little leary about staying here after reading some of the reviews, howeverwe had a very nice stay.We arrived at the hotel at approximately 9:30 pm. They did allow us a late check out at 2:30 pm as our international flight did not depart until 6 pm. The hotel has a gated parking lot that requires a code to enter, and a shuttle to the airport every 20 or 30 minutes. The room was clean, the bed very comfy, and the staff helpful. We will definitely stay there again next time we fly from ORD.	
Apr 21 2008	good night stay when traveling out of ORD	We stayed in a redone room and it was fine. The room was clean and nicely decorated. I will agree that the halls needed vacuuming but all in all it was fine. The secure parking and shuttle service were great. We did not use the resturant.	
Apr 5 2008 	Needs Significant Work	Just returned from a business trip to Chicago with co-workers. We stayed at the four points o'hare and were dissapointed with the overall experience. Besides the hotel being dated, the guestroom was very small, the bathroom shower head very low (only 5ft 6inches high), the balcony absolutely tiny, the highway less than 100 yards from the room, and the wake-up call button on the phone broken. As a Gold Preferred Guest, I also did not receive the USA Today outside my door in the morning, and did not receive the bill under my door for an express checkout. All of these complaints add up to a very dissapointing experience.	
Apr 4 2008 	Hotel smells bad but restaurant good.	It's a little bit of a dumpy place--pretty clean, but not well maintained in terms of paint on doors etc. The halls also smell musty and old. I was pleasantly surprised that the restaurant was reasonably priced, quite tasty and even had a number of vegetarian options. My biggest complaint was that it claims to be a completely nonsmoking hotel, but apparantly people break that rule and the horrible thing about it is that the smoke seems to flow through the hotel around the piping in the bathrooms. I closed the door to my bathroom when I went to bed, and when I got up in the morning and opened it, I was blasted with second-hand smoke. This was not an isolated event--I was on the 5th floor and another woman who was attending the meetings with me had the same problem on the 7th floor.	
Mar 26 2008	Park n' Fly - No Way!	We took advantage of the Park and Fly package, on our way to the Bahamas. We are regular Sheraton customers, so thought it would be perfect.This was the worst Sheraton we've stayed in. Starting with the freezing cold lobby, dark atmosphere, bad layout, etc. The enclosed parking area's gate was wide open, which wasn't a good sign for a secure area, especially at the late hour we arrived. The room was old, the bathroom had hairs all over the floor and bathtub.The pool was darkly lit and dingy.The shuttle driver barely spoke english and was very rude. He failed to inform all of the passengers on the airline that we were flying on that we were at our stop, so at the end of the trip he said we had to get off and take a train back to our terminal. He new darn well what airlines we needed to get off at and just let us stay on. And he picked up some random woman passenger along the way who sat next to him up front. When we returned, the code that was given to us had expired, so we had to go all the way back to the lobby to get a new code. We will NOT stay at this hotel again!	
Mar 3 2008 	In Desperate Need of COMPLETE Renovation	I landed here when my airline canceled a flight and had to put me up overnight. The overall impression is grubbiness. Sort of typical for airport hotels, the place looks beat-up and high mileage. I supposedly had a renovated room, but it already showed signs of heavy use, to the point where I was afraid to sit on the bedspread. There were a few bright spots:-Front desk staff was friendly, and happily provided me with complimentary toiletries when I explained my luggage was MIA-Room service was (unexpectedly) fairly high quality, with really good salsa accompanying the quesadilla I ordered.-Shuttle service to and from the airport was prompt and courteous	
Jan 8 2008 	Still Needs A Lot of Work	I was assigned this hotel by work, and cringed when I received my travel papers. Our parent company stopped using this location because of the repeated complaints (they eventually moved to one of the O'Hare Hyatts), but of course my division's travel people said the Four Points has been renovated. That was half true. As of Jan 2008, the hotel was what I would say is half way through it's renovations.The guestroom I had on the 7th floor was indeed renovated. They did a decent job. A lot of sloppy work when it comes to paint and bathroom grout. Many of the renovation details were seemingly ignored, making things stick out as renovated.I found the room to be somewhat clean, but as other reviewers have suggested the hotel's common areas were filthy. Now I understand if the hotel is going through a re-construction, but the items that I saw that could have been cleaned were basic and un-related to the renovation project (dirty room service place settings that sit in the hallways for hours, random dirty towels that look as if they fell off the housekeeping carts).The bedding was less than desirable. They had a stylish comforter on top of what was just a basic sheet and old brown velux blanket. The pillows were horrendous. They had three decorative pillows and two flimsy nasty pillows for a king bed.I found the toilet to be weird. It was set in the floor at an odd angle and the flush was weak. It required multiple flushes for what other toilets could take in one flush. The bathroom toiletry products were average.At the time of writing the hotel's renovation is a big inconvenience. The lobby entrance is closed, and you're left to going to odd entrances to make it to the lobby. The registration desk is closed and a make shift desk is set up on folding tables in a hallway.Parking and high speed internet were free. The internet was a good speed and easy to connect to via wireless. They did a great job when renovating the room of having multiple power outlets at the desk and next to the bed (no need to unplug a lamp, or run an extension).My view was of the interstate and the window was absolutely disgusting and filthy. I understand if they've had bad weather, but it looks like they haven't cleaned the windows in years.	
Nov 26 2007 	Horrible	We stayed at this hotel after a long exhausting day, thought a Sheraton would be a safe bet. There literally was filth on the floors in the common areas, lobby, hallways etc. Food outside doors was there when we arrived, and same food when we left the next morning. The shower in our room did not drain and after flushing the tiolet once it continued to run. they did move us to another room, non-smoking, guess what it smelled like? I left my shampoo in the first room and ran back to get it (still had the key?) after an hour, AND SOMEONE ELSE HAD SHOWERED IN THE ROOM. creepy, there was a sock (not ours) on the floor and wet towel.	
Oct 26 2007 	an nice hotel with very nice upgrade rooms	my stay at the four points was nice. the hotel was in a good locate so that i could be near my company so that i could take care of my business.	
Sep 12 2007 	Great Room Rennovations	I love staying the Four Points!!! I travel quite a bit and I am always in need of a hotel near O'Hare airport. Their 24 shuttle service is a dream come true. It is always there, I never have to call. They are doing rennovations, and the rooms are AWESOME. The beds are great and they have redone everything in the room. (It has they &quot;new&quot; smell)The bathrooms are entirely white, so you know it is clean. I can't wait to stay again and see how they are changing the lobby!!	
Jul 17 2007 	Stay at the Motel 6 --- Instead	This was the place chosen for my husband's family reunion. There were over 50 rooms booked and it was absolutely terrible. I had to move to 3 different rooms. The place is under renovation and I was told that EVERY room was being renovated. The first room's bathroom was very unkept. Mold and rust in places that was basically undesireable. The next room, which was suppose to be a non-smoking room on a smoking floor (still haven't figured that one out yet) was full of mold, smoke, and had stains on the bedspread. By the time I got moved to the 3rd room, which was on the 7th floor, I had to settle for renovations, loud air conditioner and very few towels. Each day I had to ask for extra towels because there was four in the room. The hallways are very unkept and the doors stick. The place should shut down and then renovate before letting people stay at this place again. It's a disaster waiting to happen. The people in the Mirage restaurant could use some sensitivity training but the bartender in the evening at the bar was pretty nice. All of the nightstaff have tatoos on their necks. Just weird. Beware of this place until renovations are done. Saturday we left the hotel at 9:00 a.m. in the morning and didn't come back until 6:00 p.m. Our room hadn't been attended to yet and the front desk manager told us that there were only 2 people cleaning up the entire hotel and that they were told to concentrate on the customers checking in first. We didn't get serviced until 8:30 p.m. That was just unacceptable. When I checked out on Sunday, my bill was wrong. I was overcharged by $100.00. It took me 2 people to get it straightened out because someone forgot to credit me the $100.00 I paid in cash. Instead, it appeared as a charge.	
Jun 29 2007 	Flashbacks to a cheap highway motel!	This hotel is undergoing renovations and as a Gold SPG member I supposedly had a renovated room. The room was on the ground floor and the window lock was questionable. The bathroom was disgusting - old sliding shower door with black, moldy caulking. The room smelled mustly and the motel-style air conditioning unit was too loud for sleeping. The shuttle bus was denoted by small paper signs printed on a computer printer. I didn`t tempt the restaurant and took a shuttle to the airport and ate dinner at the Hilton. Thankfully the stay was for one night only. A friend had asked me to check out the hotel for a possible meeting - a big negative on that! The folks at Sheraton HQ should stay here for a night - might be one less hotel bearing their name.	
Jun 18 2007 	Excellent park and fly hotel at O'Hare	we been traveling through O'Hare pretty much every year. Four Points by O'Hare has been one we stayed at all the time and they treat us like royalty. It is the most convenient hotel for airport transort and an excellent restaurant. We recommed this hotel to pretty much all of our friends and co-workers.	
May 29 2007	good airport hotel	shuttle is every 20 minutes. Very old hotel. Free bottle of water upon check in. if you have to go to the downtown area you have to atleast allow 1 hour atleast. Andrew at the front desk provided excellent service.	
May 23 2007 	Absolutely disguisting dirty nasty and gross...Run now as fast as you can	I know the review is long, I wanted to go into full detail what you should expect. My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 1 night. As a Starwood Preferred Guest Member at the Gold level, I expected something far better from Starwood. I can’t believe they allow there name to this hotel. Because we were making a quick trip to the O’Hare area, I decided to just cash in some points for the stay. Our flight was delayed, so we didn’t arrive to the hotel until after midnight. Upon arrival, I hand the clerk my credit card and told him I had a reservation. He handed me some room keys and we were on our way. Upon arrival to our room, we were completely disgusted. The room was terribly gross and nasty. You could just see filth everywhere: on the walls, in the carpet, in the shower, on the furniture, I mean everywhere. The room was a hodge podge of furniture. There was no headboard, no artwork, all the walls were painted a different color, the carpet was badly soiled and stained which matched the drapes and comforter. What furniture was there, looked like rats had been chewing on, it was so scratched up and just had chunks removed. Neither lamps matched each other, much less everything else in the room.I have no idea what was going on with the shower. Several tiles were moldy and the contraption they used for the shower curtain looked like something out of this world. Needless to say, we spent the entire time in our shoes and clothes. The following morning, we were awoken by some sort of drilling, jacking, and hammering. The clerk failed to mention this the night before. I have stayed in countless hotels doing construction but have never heard anything like this before. We showered and dressed quickly wanting to get the hell out of there. When leaving, we noticed several rooms marked “Starwood Preferred Guest Room”. It seems odd; we were not assigned one of these rooms as they were clearly vacant. No newspaper was left outside the room. I know I am only a gold member, but normally I am assigned to some sort small upgrade. Upon checkout, I asked to speak to the manager. Two come forward and I began to tell them how disappointed I was in the hotel. It was not only by far the most disgusting place I had seen, but definitely the filthiest Starwood.	
Apr 15 2007 	More a motel than a hotel	I stayed here for two days in April for a business meeting. Terrible choice. The surroundings were bleak: highway and cargo sheds. There is nowhere to walk. The only way to get out is to take the shuttle, which runs every 20 minutes, to the airport and from there, the blue line into the city.The hotel itself is badly in need of updating, and to their credit, a renovation is scheduled for this summer. The wall and surfaces are scratched and nicked, the decor is late 1980's, and the overall effect is that of a dingy motel. I attempted to eat in the restaurant, but overwhelmed by the cigarette smoke, I ordered room service instead. Room service was prompt and the server polite.I am sure there are better airport hotels at O'Hare. I, for one would check out the Hilton across from the terminal. It looked glossy and new and its easy accessibility from the airport (no shuttle) is a plus.	
Mar 27 2007 	An ok hotel for one night	I arrived from Europe late and decided to stay near the airport to avoid a long trip to my hotel. After leaving rental cars it took me indeed only 5 minutes to get to the hotel. Check-in was swift and effective, I was in my room five minutes after arrival. The room was clean and well equipped, they offer free wireless internet. The bed was very comfy. As I had to leave early I was not able to use the pool or the gym, so can´t comment on that.The only big downside was the bar and restaurant, which was heavily overpriced. If you can, eat and drink outside the hotel.The package in general was ok, I would not spend my holidays here, but that is not what those airport hotels are set up anyway.	
Mar 1 2007 	decent airport hotel	I had a early morning flight out of ORD so I decided to stay here as it was one of the less expensive options. The pool was nice and I liked that it was open 24/7 The sundry shop was tiny but had a reasonable selection of items, which is really important if you arrive by airport shuttle since there really isn't anything within walking distance. As a SPG Gold I was upgraded to a preferred room, I think the only difference was it had a fridge and a recliner/ottoman. Hard to tell since the room descriptions on the web site all seem to be the same. The decor in the hotel is very tired. Since I still had my rental car I asked for best directions to the airport, they gave me a map that was very inaccurate and not much help. The best thing about the hotel was the very comfy bed. My room faced the airport but the jet noise wasn't too bad, although I got there late enough that not a lot of flights were leaving.	
Feb 20 2007 	Keep looking - The property is pretty beat	I attended a training meeting at this hotel in Early Feb, 2007 that lasted one complete week. my rating of &quot;2&quot; is very generous, more like a 1.5The Good: There is shuttle to and from the airport. The staff seems to go out of their way to be helpful. The hotel offers high speed wireless at no charge. There is also a business center with a computer, printer, copier, small meeting room and Fed-x materials. The meals provided by catering were generally pretty good. There is a small pool and exercise area. The Not so good: It looks like it was re-modeled in the late 80’s maybe early 90’s but the facility is in bad need of a complete over-haul or wrecking ball. The outside temp was in the low teens, the inside front doors were frozen open making the lobby freezing. They added a few huge space heaters in front of the doorway, which helped a little, but the doors were not repaired for the duration of the week. The temperature in the meeting rooms was either freezing (64 degrees F) or very hot.. There is ONE restaurant and One bar. The restaurant is OK, but better for breakfast (kind of a Denny’s quality). The bar is just that- a bar. The guest rooms are on the beat up side, but kept fairly clean. The location is no where near anything ( except the airport and the tollway). If you don’t have a car, there is almost literally nothing within a safe walking distance (it’s an industrial area bounded by very busy streets). This is absolutely not a place for families with children. Overall the hotel has a cheap/ lack of quality look to it: Examples: The drop ceiling in the meeting rooms are bowing, there is a Hot tub next to the pool, but it is a simple fiberglass unit, similar to what you may have on your deck, , the gift shop looks a bit overcrowded - like a flea market stand. Ceiling tiles are missing in some of the hallways. The rest rooms smell of sewer gas covered by heavy sprayed deodorant. Tips:You should only consider this location if proximity to the airport and price is your only criteria or if you are stuck at the airport due to flight cancellations. I would not pay more than 70.00 a night . There are nicer hotels that are even closer to the airport such as the Hilton (in the airport), the Sheraton Gateway Suites O'Hare ( build as an Embassy suite) or – a slight bit farther (but less than 15 mins away), the Westin or Sofitel O’Hare.	
Jan 29 2007 	There are much better hotels in the area! Avoid!	This was my second stay at this hotel and my last. I had confirmed a non-smoking room but the room given reeked of cigarette smoke (I am allergic to cigarette smoke). I called the front desk and they promptly sent someone to spray the room with some chemical. Afterwards, my room reeked cigarette smoke and nasty chemical. I asked for a different room but was told the hotel was sold out. In the morning when I spoke with the desk agent, he could care less. I now feel the same about this location. I recommend you avoid at all costs. The location is just to hit or miss.	
Nov 17 2006 	Felt a little dirty...	This was a hotel chosen by my group for a meeting so we didn't have an option on where to stay (unfortunately). The shuttle was convenient from the airport but upon arriving, the hotel was located behind freight terminals so the view from every window was trucks and loading docks. The reception area was dingy with worn/torn carpets and an older feel. Staff was uninformed (couldn't tell me where the fitness facility was or help me locate a vending machine) but pleasant enough.Newly renovated fitness facility was very small and only had cardio equipment and some freeweights. Rooms were ok but older - the bathrooms were small, cheaply made and had sliding doors on the small tub/shower, something I've never seen in a hotel.I stay in hotels about 20 - 30 nights/year and frequent Marriotts, Hiltons and Sheratons when I travel for business. This one was not a hotel I'd return to or recommend unless your options were this or a Motel 6.	
Nov 14 2006 	A nice good value hotel	Free shuttle from the airport, fast, friendly check in. They had made a mistake with my friends' room, so they gave us all free drinks at the bar while it was corrected.Room was clean, the usual stuff, neither tiny nor huge.The pool, which was open 24/7, was big and attractive, the exercise room was big enough, and internet access on the hotel computer was free! A second computer is needed, however, to prevent lines. Staff were all very friendly. Food, while pretty standard, was good enough. And all this for $96 a night! (group rate)I'd come back.	
Jul 29 2006 	Accomodations so poor we left at check-in	Terrible experience. On the Sheraton Four Points website, our room was represented to be oversized, for the business traveler, with refrigerator. The hotel is old, musty smell, the rooms are undersized (a recliner was placed in front of the nighttable because there was no other room), the air-conditioning in the room and in the lobby did not work properly ( both would not cool below 80 degrees... the staff told us the lobby was so warm &quot;because the front door opens so much&quot;) , no refrigerator and the staff tried to get us to believe that all of the hotel rooms in Chicago were sold out during our stay. Long story- short- I found a phone book, called the airport Sofitel Hotel, and stayed in beautiful accomodations for only $14 more per night. When I complained to Sheraton, they told me to pound stand. Beware of this one!	
Apr 13 2006	Loved the Four Points O'Hare	I have to tell you, I really enjoyed my stay at the Four Points by Sheraton at O'Hare Airport in Chicago.The staff was so friendly, I returned from a flight it was 12:30 at night and my car would not start, the houseman went out and jumpstarted my car and delivered it to the front door. Now that is service. And the beds were so comfortable! I got a great night sleep and that does not usually happen in a hotel! I just wanted to share.	
Mar 20 2006	Don't Stay Here!	We reserved a non-smoking room for one night. When we checked into the Sheraton, we were told they had sold all their &quot;non-smoking&quot; rooms so we were forced to stay in a smoking room without any apologies. Further, when we returned, we waited 30 minutes for the shuttle and when it arrived, it was totally full. We returned to the hotel and the two other shuttle vans were parked unoccupied. This was rush hour on a Saturday during spring break! It was also very run down and the staff were rude.	
Nov 29 2005	Fabulous Wedding Reception!	My family stayed here for a wedding reception. It was fabulous. The food was superb and the staff was extremely accommodating. The rooms were great and nicely furnished. They were large and comfortable and easily accessible from the parking area. The outside isn't much to look at but the part that matters was well worth it. The wedding reception decor was absolutely stunning and everyone exceeded our expectations.	
Oct 7 2005 	Excellent beds	My wife and I satayed 2 nights in late Sept, 2005. The shuttle service from the airport was prompt (every 20 minutes). I found the front desk professional and helpful with area maps. Our room was clean and the beds well above average. We ate breakfast 3 mornings and each time service was prompt. Our food was suprising. We found the quality and value well above average. There is a bar with 4 to 7 PM snacks but overall the bar is only average. We did not here airplane noise in our room but the walls are thin and we did here some sounds from the next rooms. We would stay again and found the hotel above average compared to other airport hotels.	
Aug 10 2005	Perfect Airport Hotel!	My husband and I have stayed at this hotel twice now. Each time we have been extremely impressed with this facility. The rooms are very nice, well decorated, clean and comfortable. I look forward to sleeping in this bed, it is very cozy.As an airport hotel, travellers are coming in and out at all hours. Because of this we appreciate that the onsite restaurant is open until Midnight. Room service is available until 11:30 pm. And you may enjoy the pool and hottub 24 hours a day!Additional perks include free internet service in the lobby and appetizers daily from 4-7 pm. This hotel has many, many nice amenities.It is a good one to use as a park and fly because of the secure parking lot and the convenient shuttle that runs 24 hours a day every 20 minutes. We travel quite frequently and this is far and away the best airport hotel we have ever stayed in.	
Jul 11 2005	Pefect Park 	We stayed at the Four Points on our way to Las Vegas. We drove in and check in was effortless, there was quite a line for check out and only one person working at 5AM but the shuttle was right on time. Very clean room and AWESOME bed. They have new &quot;four comfort&quot; beds. Definately would use again!!!!	
Jun 25 2005 	To be avoided		
Mar 24 2005	Good Stay at Sheraton!		
Feb 26 2005	Staff Extremely RUDE!		
Jan 31 2005	excellent rooms and service		
Jan 4 2005	Yuck!!!		
Sep 10 2004	Shabby rooms + poor staff = unpleasant experience.		
Jul 10 2004	Not good enough for the price of the hotel		
May 2 2004	Horrible staff		
Apr 23 2004	Disappointing hotel not worth the cost		
Aug 30 2003 	Large rooms bad service		
