Oct 15 2009	Will Stay at the Belden-Stratford the Next Time I am in Chicago	We loved our stay for 1 night at the Belden-Stratford, the room was the size of an 1 1/2 bedroom apartment with lots of room for 3 adults. Location right accross from the Zoo, Observatory and Park. Wonderful quiet location and a nice neighborhood. We stayed in Chicago for 4 nights and had booked our outher 3 nights at the Doubletree near Michigan Ave though Doubletreee was nice, no way as large or comfortable as our rooms at the Belden-Stratford. We had 2 bathrooms, living room, dinning room, fully equiped kitchen and another small room with a bed. Place was very charming and we all agree loved having all the extra space, would not stay any place else. The only problem you will need to take a cab to the center of Chicago which can run about $20, cab fair from the airport ran $30, but you can also catch a bus on the corner for a lot cheeper traveling into town. The hotel also offers free breakfast and has a lovely restaurant/sidewalk cafe. You must take a boat tour of the city, we picked up our tour at the New Trump tour. We went to the Chicago Art Institute which was wonderful, only thing would skip the 3rd floor, art on that floor was not our taste. Navy Pier is very nice, we went on a tall ship with a Pirate who told you wonderful true stories of the Pirates in Chicago. One of my favorite things was we went to a Chicago Cubs game and got to se the old stadium. Would love to go back to Chicago, just love the city.	
Oct 13 2009 	I can't believe anyone would call the service friendly	The worst hotel experience we have ever had. I would not recommend this place based on the service we encountered. I had family and friends staying at his place for our wedding. Not only did they give my fiance the wrong room they messed up my Uncles room. The women at the front desk were THE MOST UNPROFESSIONAL STAFF MEMBERS I HAVE EVER MET. They used profanity in front of customers, cut down the reservations staff, and complained. I can give an quote example, &quot;This is [--], I am so sick of people today.&quot; The first hotel we have ever experienced were they DEMANDED the entire bill up front the second we walked in the door and lied telling us the price for the valet in/out parking service was a total of $38.00 per car. We thought, no problem, that's reasonable, until the day we checked out and were billed us close to 160 extra deciding then to say it was 40 bucks a day per car. I have never been so angry about the treatment at a place in all of my travel experience and this was my freakin wedding! Horrible. I can't believe those front desk clerks have not been fired as we were also advised by another staff member that there have been numerous complaints on their manners and their treatment of people. That's a stupid move on managements behalf because they turn away customers. My uncle and my fiance were beyond mad and they are two of the most laid back people I know. I will say on a good note and my husband wants to make sure everyone knows the bell hops and valet drivers were so nice and funny. They helped make an awful stay somewhat tolerable. Make sure if you do stay at this place to tip them well. They are great people! The views are outstanding, it's honestly too bad their front desk staff can't treat people better because the hotel itself has very cool potential.	
Oct 4 2009 	Home away from home	We stayed at the Belden-Stratford last weekend for the first time. It was elegant, comfortable, friendly, amazing views, clean - and we hated to leave. We were also impressed with the wonderful continental breakfast and the amazing architecture and furnishings. The staff that we encountered, from check-in to maintenance people in the hall, were all friendly and helpful. It was a perfect location - across the street from Lincoln Park Zoo and walking distance to any type restaurant and shopping you could want. If you're lucky like us, you might be able to snag a good parking spot. Be sure to check out the beautiful view from the rooftop deck!	
Sep 30 2009 	Excellent value	Beautiful, sunny, and spacious condo at a very reasonable price. Very clean, comfortable bedding, with good housekeeping. We loved the location across from Lincoln Park Zoo, and found the city bus service to be very convenient. In a very safe neighborhood and we felt comfortable walking downtown and to the trains.	
Sep 25 2009 	Hotel - a destination in its own right	This was a 4 night trip for our first ever visit to Chicago. In summary an excellent stay and I can thoroughly recommend the hotel; for the room, the lobby, the on-site “Mon Ami Gabi” restaurant and the location.Maybe we were lucky but for a standard room rate we received a huge suite and a great view across the park to Downtown (room 825 if you fancy asking!). Probably the biggest hotel “room” I’ve ever stayed in – and I have visited a lot of hotels – really a full blown one bedroom apartment.We really enjoyed being outside of Downtown. Apart from the great walks in the park (including the free zoo) and on the lakeside the location encourages you to get out and visit the interesting neighbourhoods of Chicago – Lincoln Park, Old Town, Lakeview, Wicker Park. “The Loop” and Mag. Mile are fine, don’t get me wrong, but we were glad to make that a visit rather a “stay” location.As previously reviewers have said the public transport is excellent – bus route 151 is a 3 minute walk from the hotel with buses every few minutes into the centre of the City – routes 22 and 36 also handy (take route 72 to Wicker Park). Get one of the good value CTA passes - $14 for 72 hours.Recommendations outside of the hotel. Well to start the nearby walks are great – not so much in winter I guess! Restaurants – for brunch we enjoyed the Original Pancake House (Gold Coast) and Caffe de Luca (Wicker Park). For lunch “Heaven on 7” and Millers Pub, both in the Loop, and Chicago Pizza and Oven Grinder (Lincoln Park). For dinner Bistro Margot in Old Town (half priced wine Mondays!), the Chicago Chop House for steaks (expensive) in “Near North”, Mon Ami Gabi (at the hotel). We also ate at Geja’s Cafe (fondue) but over-rated in my view.The Art Institute of Chicago has a great collection worth 2 - 3 hours of your time. Don’t believe your guidebook if it says free entry Tuesdays, that finished a while ago, the $14 entry is still good value. The Architectural Society’s boat tour is comparatively expensive at $28 but well worth it for the expert review of Chicago’s world class high rise buildings and general background on the city. If you are in the Wicker Park area check out the amazing houses on Wabansia Ave., on the other hand the Wicker Park “historic district” was hardly worth the effort. In summary Chicago is a great place to visit. I’d suggest outside of the cold winter months to make the most of the outdoor living opportunities; our September weather was perfect.	
Sep 24 2009 	Ok hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights as part of a 3 stop US holiday this year. Nice foyer and we were able to check into our rooms early which was good. My room was a decent size with a kitchen area and breakfast bar. Friends had a larger room with a dining table and separate kitchen. Was good to have a fridge etc in the room, but it kept waking me up through the night. The room was clean and the bathroom a decent size. Didnt have any kind of a view. The complimentary breakfast was decent if not spectacular, but we were glad to have something each day before starting our sight seeing. Nice location. Very short walk to the bus which took us straight into city centre. Bought a 3 day ticket for $14 and cd use the buses, underground, and L line as often as we wanted.Tended to go into city centre for meals, but one night went more locally to the hotel and there was a decent choice.We didn't find the reception staff particularly helpful or friendly. My friends room had a hairdryer which didnt work and was reported twice and it wasnt replaced or repaired during the duration of our stay so they had to come to my room and use mine after their showers which wasnt great for them.Overall I thought the hotel was fine, tho not spectacular, but I would use it again and would recommend it to others as a good base for exploring Chicago	
Sep 20 2009 	first class all round	good location, wonderful staff, transport close by, room large , very clean, could not fault the hotel at all, we stopped for 13 nights, and will stop again,this was not our first trip to chicago, we have stopped in many hotels. but this ticked all the boxes, and will return next year..	
Aug 26 2009 	Can't say enough good things	We got a great suite with a great view at a great price. The whirlpool tub was a great addition. We got a view of lincoln park and of the lake, Navy Pier and the Hancock center could also be seen. Classy dining room and living room in the suite. Grand lobby. Walk to public transport. Walk a few blocks for great dining or a little, but not much further to second city. We paid about a hundred and thirty bucks for this place per night, we should have paid the 300 they wanted for the weekend. Stayed at a chain hotel close to the El on our last day with much regrets. I have stayed in four and five star rooms around the world, but this is the one by which I judge quality. I wish almost that I could have just stayed at the hotel, felt bad that I filled my days so much that we just used the room mostly to sleep. Incredible staff, that knew us by name by the end of our trip.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Stay!	Stayed only two days in Chicago after a trip to Northern Indiana for a reunion. Would have planned a longer stay had we realized how great the Belden Stratford was. Excellent for those who don't mind staying away from downtown. We utilized the buses and the Red line to travel, and got to see plenty. The only disappointment was the cold rainy weather during our stay.	
Jul 20 2009 	Hidden gem in Chicago	Wow!! I've lived in Chicago for 40+ years and never knew this was a hotel. I thought it was all residences. We had a corner Queen suite and the view was spectacular. We could see the lake, Lincoln Park conservatory and the zoo, all from our room. I loved the little kitchen, 1 1/2 baths and dining room. I used to think of buying a weekend place like this, now I can just stay here. We also loved Mon Ami Gabi-excellent service and terrific food/wine. Tip-if you don't mind a little walk there's a parking garage at Lincoln/Webster that's $28/night.	
Jul 9 2009 	The Ritz Carlton for Embassy Suites Prices	If you want to feel like you are staying at a Ritz Carlton or the Plaza Hotel, but don't want to pay the premium price, the Belden Stratford should be right up your alley.The Belden Stratford is a combinatin hotel / apartment building. Our room, located on the 10th floor with an amazing view of downtown and the lake, was expansive! In addition to having a full kitchen, two baths, two big screen tvs. my wife enjoyed the full whirlpool tub seperate from an enclosed shower. The hotel is located 2.5 miles from the loop and 1.5 miles from Wrigley. We walked from the park to the hotel after a night game and felt perfectly safe.The buffet breakfast was convenient, although not as great as others have written about. If you needed to do laundry, there is a full laundamat, and a dry cleaner, in the hotel.We would absolutely stay here again.	
Jun 25 2009 	Good old fashioned style	We loved this hotel. The deal we got on the net made it very reasonable. The lobby is so ornate and beautiful that you feel like you're walking into a palace. Our room was large and clean and had a fully equipped kitchen. We hadn't realised that the rate included continental breakfast - as much as you wanted. They even supplied paper bags for you to take croissants, etc away. The desk staff were helpful and the doormen too. It was in a nice area at Lincoln Park and there were some good restaurants and cafes nearby. It was opposite the Zoo and occasionally we heard a roar or two from the animals at night. It was easy to hop on a bus from the stop nearby to take you downtown. The buses were cheap and frequent.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great for going to cubs game.	Wonderful hotel at a great price. Good location for going to cubs game. Nice neighborhood that felt safe and quiet. Service was good. Valet parking was a little high at $38, but well worth it for the room only being $99 on Expedia. Lincoln park is RIGHT across the street and we walked through the zoo in the park for Free in the morning while all the animals were out and there were only a handful of other people there. Great view of the lake. Nice atmosphere. Wouldn't recommend for young children, but my preteen niece loved it.	
Jun 9 2009 	Very pleased-hated to leave	A very very nice place to stay for a get-away to chicago. The hotel and our rooms were very clean and well maintained. My wife and I and our freinds did not have any complaints. All four of us loved the place. The least expensive room was a great deal for the price. My wife and I were upgraded to the 'presidentail suite'. That room was great. Enjoyed it so much. I never had a hotel room with a full and a half bath.The location was wonderfull. Across for the zoo and the gardens and only a short walk to Michigan Ave. All of us felt safe walking around after dark. It was a quick trip via taxi or bus to Grant Park/Loop area.We certainly stay there again. (visit the sky deck - great views!!)	
May 20 2009 	What a treat for weary travellers!	I can only echo the positive reviews here. My partner and I stayed 5 nights at the B-S at the end of a 3-week trip to the US. After the poky hotel rooms of San Francisco and New York, our suite with king size bed was positively palatial. We also really enjoyed the free continental breakfast and having laundrey facilities onsite (as opposed to a hotel laundrey service that charges $2 for a pair of socks!).The buses to and from downtown run frequently, so getting around is very easy, and if you're suffering from big city overload, as I was, being so close to Lincoln Park and the lake is a real treat. The French restaurant downstairs is a little on the pricey side, but good value for the quality of the food and service.	
May 17 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	We stayed at the Belden-Stratford for 5 nights in May 2009. Our room was large, and we had 5 closets! Also had a full kitchen and an amazing view of the lake. Don't rent a car in Chicago - parking is ridiculous. Use CTA - you can get anywhere you need to go. The staff was accommodating and friendly, and you get a continental breakfast each morning. Walk two blocks to great bars and restaurants. Overall a great hotel. We can't wait to go back.	
Mar 22 2009 	Loved it!	As it was our first visit to Chicago, we didn't really know what to expect and chose this hotel largely on the basis of Tripadvisor reviews. Imagine our horror, then, when after booking a couple of not-so-good reviews appeared. We need not have worried. From the moment we entered we were charmed by it. Our room may not have been enormous, but it was quite satisfactory and the kitchen would have been very handy if we had had more than the few nights available to us - as it was, we did not want to spend time self-catering and decided to eat out instead. My wife's son, however, really hit the jackpot as for the same cost he had a suite all to himself and despite bribery and threats he refused to swap! Although not dead centre of the city, the location is great, facing the Lincoln Park Conservatory and Zoo, and once we sussed out the local bus routes we were able to get to most parts with ease. We had just come from a much more expensive hotel in Louisville and preferred this one. We loved it!	
Mar 4 2009 	Clean but shabby	We stayed at the Belden-Stratford for 3 nights at the end of February. The lobby was gorgeous and the staff was very friendly. The room we had was quite large, but the bathroom is small. All the furnishings and decor were quite shabby and very dated. The room was clean as was the small kitchen (the oven was ancient). The restaurant, Mon Ami Gabi, was great. We got treatments at the Vera Voli spa, and while the decor there is very tacky, the massage and facial were excellent.Bottom line, the lobby appearance didn't carry over to our room.	
Feb 11 2009 	not so good	The room was very large and comfortable but the service was ridiculously bad. We got lost on our way to the hotel and when we called the hotel we got a very surly employee who ultimately put us on hold (without asking) and then declined to give us directions (suggesting we just ask someone off the street). great. this level of unfriendliness was certainly consistent with the rest of our stay. Basically, if you like the zoo, its a great location and the rooms seem fine. but if your plans take you anywhere else its not particularly well located. Also, the &quot;fitness center&quot; is very very small, on the basement level, and the very limited equipment is quite old.	
Jan 30 2009 	Don't expect 4-star luxury	It’s unfortunate that some sites bill the Belden Stratford as a 4-star hotel, because it certainly is not. Don’t get me wrong, we enjoyed our stay. The room was clean, the hotel is in a great location and the staff was friendly. But I think a 4-star hotel should offer something special, and our room definitely did not.Judging from other reviews, it sounds like some rooms are very nice, but I can only speak for ours.It was dowdy, cheaply done and a little threadbare. It was nice to have a kitchen, nice to be across the street from the zoo and conservatory. But anyone who comes to the Belden Stratford expecting to be wowed by 4-star luxury is likely to be disappointed.	
Jan 27 2009	Belden Stratford Rocks	Ok ,so you are not right on Michigan Ave., but being in the heart of Lincoln Park is not too bad. For the money ($100) Jan. 2009 this hotel/apartment was great. A full kitchen, big living room and bedroom were great for a family. Not alot in the way of services but you feel like a Chicago resident when you stay here.Was in Chicago to visit college student child who needed mom's cooking and a hot bath! This fit the bill. I will be staying here again when someone calls, Mommy, I need you.	
Jan 19 2009	Loved the Belden-Stratford	I recently stayed at the Belden-Stratford and totally loved the hotel! We were looking at DePaul University with my daughter (hence the January visit), this was a perfect location. Even with the snow and cold - it was an easy walk to the DePaul campus. I had emailed the hotel with a question prior to making the reservation - the hotel Sales Manager called me back within minutes to answer my question - and gave me their &quot;Winter Special&quot; rate - $109 a night for a Presidential Suite! I don't know if we had a recently remodeled room - but it was lovely and clean - with a great view of Lincoln Park Conservancy and the park. It was about a $30 cab ride (without tip) from the airport, the area has many restaurants within walking distance - no need for a car. We walked to the &quot;El&quot; stop at Fullerton, next to the DePaul campus to go into town. The hotel even let us check in a little early and stay a while after the check-out time. I realize this was January and the hotel might not be as busy as summer, but it was appreciated. Check out RJGrunts down the street!	
Nov 2 2008 	I Would Stay Here Again	the hotel was great. the room was great. the food was great. the pool was great. the service was great. i would stay here again.	
Aug 26 2008 	Never had batter	My wife and I chose to stay here when we planned our trip last October to see the Genesis reunion tour at United Center. I had contacted the management and told them that this was going to be a speacial trip and that I wanted nothing but the best for my wife, as we don't get many chances to travel.When we arrived, we were greeted by a VERY freindly and courteous staff, clean and well kept lobby, and wonderful views. The front desk staff were very helpful and professional. When looking up our reservations, there were notes about my wishes, and that we were to be treated accordingly. We were given a room on the seventh floor with a view of the lake just as I asked. They also made sure to include bathrobes and a day at the spa for my wife. She loved it! (wink wink, guys)The room (apartment) was very clean and well appointed. We enjoyed great views of the lake, downtown, Navy Pier and the park.We are planning another trip to Chicago this winter (we want to see the city in the snow) and refuse to stay anywhere other than the Belden. We reccomend this to anyone wanting to have a relxed, peacful and enjoyable experience while in the big city.	
Jul 9 2008 	Not worth $258 per night	We were with a group for a wedding, so supposedly we received the &quot;preferred&quot; rate because of that. Other members of the group had been shown 2 rooms several months earlier and they were impressed by the spaciousness and lovely furniture. When we checked in, credit card information was written by hand on a paper form, completed by me with number, security code and my signature. No credit card machine was used. Arriving at the room, it took some figuring out to know which of the the 5 keys on the keyring to use to open the door.Upon entering the room, we were quite surprised to be in a small room, No lovely seating area or even a comfortable chair. There was a small table with 2 straightback dining room type chairs. As mentioned in other reviews, there was a kitchen behind a door with microwave, refrigerator, stove, dishwasher, coffee pot with a broken lid, and cabinets with basic supplies.In the bathroom, the toilet tissue holder was useless because there was no rod for the middle of the roll, so it sat on the toilet tank. The 3-way sliding shower door had every door off lhe track'; we never did get all the parts on the track so it was easily operable. The alarm clock was unplugged, and, of course, the outlet was behind the immovable headboard. There were no directions anywhere about how to dial room to room. When I called the front desk, I was curtly told to dial 7 first. Paint, wallpaper, and furniture was in need of sprucing up. We used the valet parking at $35 a night, and upon our return home 2 days later we discovered that the driver's side inside door handle had been broken as if the valet didn't know it was automatically locked and snapped the handle. The continental breakfast was adequate, the quality of the bakery being better than average. Upon checkout, I had to fill out another credit card slip for the parkiing, and when I asked why this was needed again, she desk clerk said because the other paper was in another folder. No receipt was given for either payment. Positive side-great location. We were directly across from the plant conservatory and zoo and could see some of the lake above the treetops. The hotel was quiet and the lobby beautifulValue?? We have had far better experiences at the HIlton and Congress hotel on Michigan Ave. at much less cost.All in all, we were disappointed after having made the reservations months earlier based on our friends' tour and the pictures in the brochure that came with our confirmation.	
Jul 2 2008	Currently under renovation	The hotel is currently undergoing a major renovation. We were staying in the hotel along with a large group of wedding guests. The rooms that had been renovated were gorgeous. It is incredible that they can charge so little for such spacious accomodations. The rooms are really small apartments complete with kitchens and living rooms. Our room had not been renovated. It had the feeling of a grandparents' condo in the 1980s. But, the renovation will likely take care of that. We had a little trouble with the AC-- either it was too cold or too hot. We could never get it just right. The front desk staff always seemed to be on the phone on personal calls. It was a little annoying but something the manager will hopefully address. Other than that, no complaints.	
Jun 18 2008 	Excellent location at a fine hotel	If you're searching for a fine hotel in the Lincoln Park area of Chicago, don't look further than the Belden Stratford. The price of a night's stay was more than repaid by the hotel's proximity to Lake Michigan, The Lincoln Park Zoo, and Lake Shore Dr (affording quick access to Shedd Aquarium, the museum, Soldier Field, etc.) As other reviews make clear, the furnishings in this hotel are dated, but the layout is spacious and the rooms clean. The rooms are rather like small apartments than traditional hotel rooms. (In fact, very few of the rooms in this historic multi-story building are hotel rooms -- the others are full-time apartments.)My wife and I stayed with three of our children (ages 11, 7, and 7mos) in a one-bedroom suite. We slept in the bedroom, the baby slept in a crib in the kitchenette, and the other two kids stayed on the fold out sofa in the living room.Our other child (age 9) stayed with grandparents next door on the sofa (not a fold-out). All of us were delighted with the accommodations and, especially, the location. The irony was, we had a hard time dragging our children away from &quot;Animal Planet&quot; on TV to visit the Lincoln Park Zoo across the street.Valet parking at the Belden was available for $38/day, but I chose to self-park nearby. There is a lot west of the hotel on Belden where you can self-park for $35. (Why not use the valet service for $3 more?)There are several places to eat if you head two blocks west to N Clark St. I would recommend Ranalli's on Clark (corner of Belden and N. Clark) if the weather is nice. You can sit outside on their patio and enjoy good food at a moderate price. For other miscellaneous needs, there's a 7-Eleven at Clark and Belden and a Walgreens on Clark south of Fullerton Pkwy .Breakfast at the Belden-Stratford was pretty impressive. Their free continental breakfast included milk, water, and juice (in bottles), plus Metropolis coffee (a local Chicago roaster www.metropoliscoffee.com). Bagels, muffins, and sweetbreads provided the substance. My only complaint was that it was a trifle crowded, but our family made up most of the crowd, so who's complaining : )If you're arriving for your stay on the train into Union Station, the best way to reach the hotel is by cab or bus. The #151 bus picks up on Jackson St just outside Union Station and drops off at Lincoln Park. (Check the CTA website at www.transitchicago.com for more info.) I don't know what cab fares would run, but you can't be more than 7 miles from the hotel.At night, be sure to take a walk to the lakeshore. There's a bikeway/walkway teeming with people, and the views of the city are wonderful. Make no mistake, the Belden-Stratford is not as nice as the Omni Hotel on the Mag Mile, but they don't charge you as much as the Omni, either. If you want to walk outside your hotel and into the Mac Store or a trolley car, stay at the Omni. If you want to walk outside your hotel and into The Lincoln Park Zoo (which is FREE) or onto the lakeshore, save money and stay at the Belden. We sure will next time we're in Chicago.	
May 30 2008 	Nice Place in Lincoln Park	We arrived at the Belden and were very pleased. It looked very nice like it did in the pictures. We tried checking in at about 1:00pm-because our flight arrived into town at 12-and were told our room wasn't ready. We weren't real please but it's understandable. We left our bags there and came back at 3:30. At this point there were 3-4 other groups waiting for rooms as well. We were finally granted our room about 4:15-even after others arrived, despite us having been &quot;first on the list&quot; to check in. The young, fat receptionist was rather rude but the older lady with a man's name (cannot remember the exact name) was really nice. Sorry for the odd sounding descriptions but that's the best I could do. The room was pretty basic. It had a dated kitchen but a nice bathroom. The toilet paper was in a VERY inconvenient spot-minor detail, I know, but wait till you see it too. All in all, the room was decent and clean. I only received a paper on the last day but I'm nitpicking. The bright spots? The location is great-in a very nice part of Lincoln Park just a couple blocks from Clark. Right across the street is the park and the Zoo. The staff was all very nice, save for the one. The breakfast was basically juice and assorted pastries and bagels. The atmosphere of the hotel was very calm and relaxing. There were very few young people around, even late at night. I think it's because the place is actually a condo complex with a few rooms that they rent out.I would definitely recomment this hotel for someone looking for relatively cheap lodging in the Lincoln Park area. Other than the initial problem everything else was pretty good. Granted, I'm not the pickiest traveller but it was very clean, nice atmosphere, and quiet. And the location is perfect.	
Apr 10 2008 	Travelers beware: Do not include this hotel in your plans	We had a big family event in Chicago, with people coming from all over the country. My wife booked two suites and two regular rooms three months before the event and paid for the rooms in advance.When we arrived at the hotel, the receptionist told us there were no rooms available and we would have to wait for the manager to explain it to us. She then refused to speak to us until the manager appeared--which he did after 10 to 15 minutes. The manager did not explain why all our reservations had been cancelled, merely that they had been and we were being redirected to another hotel. When I demanded to know why our reservation had been cancelled, I got a long, condescending explaination that if I knew anything about travel, I would know that this sort of thing happened all the time. In fact, in more than 50 years of travel, I can't recall it happening before: having not but four paid-for rooms being cancelled.We were told the new hotel was &quot;a couple of blocks away.&quot; I asked for a map to guide me to the hotel and was told that none was available. I asked how to reach the new hotel and was told &quot;just drive north and you can't miss it.&quot;We finally found the new hotel--at least 12 blocks rather than &quot;A couple of blocks&quot; away. The hotel was decent--even charming--but it had none of the features I needed. There was no restuarant or coffee shop, no valet parking, no suites, no childrens' beds, no cot so children could sleep in the same room as their parents. Parking was in a public garage--reached from the hotel by walking down a dark alley.We found other people in this hotel that also had been sent over from the Belden-Stratford. One party was told that because of a computer error the hotel had overbooked. Another was told that a big convention needed more space than expected. One party said they had spent two nights at the Belden-Stratford and were told after breakfast that they would have to move to the new hotel by noon that day. By my estimate, upwards of 15 people either had their reservations at the Belden-Stratford cancelled or were ordered to move after they had already spent a night or more there. I found the staff of the Beldon-Stratford arrogant and unhelpful. I felt they did nothing to improve a bad situation. This was a family event that had been planned for years and our problems with the Beldron-Stratford cast a pall over everything. I feel anyone who trusts this hotel risks being badly disappointed. There are many hotels in Chicago and no reason to risk having your trip ruined by attempting to stay at the Belden Stratford. If you need to be convinced, read some of the other harshly negative reviews other people have written.	
Mar 12 2008 	have stayed here many times	My husband and I have stayed here many times because it is in close proximity to things we need to do in Chicago, and the price is right. I enjoy staying in a neighborhood-style hotel away from the downtown area. But, I would have to agree with many of the things I have read in the other reviews. Our experience has varied tremendously each time, based on what room we received. We have had rooms that appeared in need of assistance (one room had a refrigerator leaking on the kitchen floor), but we have never stayed in a room that wasn't clean or safe. And most of the rooms look like they need remodeling--not nearly as tasteful as the lobby. Our last experience was really excellent--a lovely apartment with wood floors, and spacious windows overlooking the zoo and the lake. I think they should do something about the continental breakfast, which includes only coffee, juice, and pastries, but every single room inclues a kitchenette, so I suppose one could bring some things along. Every room is very spacious. And we haven't had any bad experiences with rude staff members. The price is always right, and the location is great. Do park your car for yourself in the zoo lot across the street--it will save you some money.	
Feb 16 2008 	Belden-Gorgeous	When we decided to try a new hotel in Chicago, I was a little worried. I have always stayed at the same hotel because I knew what to expect. I can't begin to describe how wonderfully surprised we were when we pulled up to The Belden-Stratford. The hotel is gorgeous. And the staff is extremely helpful and friendly. I have to send a special 'thank you' to the wonderful lady who kept the free continental breakfast open for us. We had over slept and she was kind enough to keep breakfast waiting for us. And the food was just lovely. Quite a large spread for a free continental breakfast. The room......I can't say enough good things about it. It was HUGE. And there was more closet space than my own home. The housekeeping staff did a wonderful job in keeping it spotless. The bed was extremely comfortable. The kitchen well stocked with all needed supplies. The view........LOVELY! We looked out over the zoo and the flower house, with Lake Michigan in the background. We could watch the camels from our room. All in all, we had a great time and enjoyed ourselves to the fullest. We are already to plan our next visit to Chicago at The Belden-Stratford.	
Jan 31 2008 	Very pleasantly surprised	After booking three nights at the Belden-Stratford, my wife and I found several bad reviews of the hotel online that made us question our sensibility in staying there. We kept our reservation, however, and were extremely happy with the hotel. Many reviews claim disinterested staff and out-of-date rooms; we experienced the complete opposite. Our room (a suite) overlooking the Lincoln Park Zoo &amp; Conservatory was quite modern, with no evidence of mold, peeling paint, critters, etc., that some other reviewers mentioned. It was plenty spacious and had two large TVs - bedroom and living area. One small issue: they have free wifi but this was not advertised on their website, so we did not bring a computer. The front desk staff, porters and valets were very friendly and helpful, and all seemed to enjoy their jobs. The complimentary continental breakfast each morning was decent - no cereals or toast, but plenty of scones, muffins and other pastries.We chose the Belden-Stratford mainly for its proximity to a music venue (Park West) and our favorite Chicago restaurant (Geja's). A big concern with most hotels in Chicago is the outrageous cost of parking a car each day ($32 in the case of B-S). However, there was plenty of free parking on the street in front of the hotel and across a small median in front of the Zoo &amp; Conservatory. We discovered that this is basically where the valet will park your car anyway, so we decided to save $32 a day and do it ourselves. No biggie, and we could see our car from our room. However, this was the one big bummer of our trip, and it can more rightly be attributed to the culture of crime in Chicago than to the Belden-Stratford. When we went to depart (on a Sunday), we packed up and started our car, only to discover that some hooligan had actually crawled under our car and cut off the catalytic converter. Stunned, we learned from the valet that this is apparently not uncommon in Chicago. And though they bore no responsibility for our situation, the valet and front desk staff went to work for us right away to find a repair shop that was open on a Sunday. Where other hotel staff may have just handed us a phone book, they actually made the calls themselves and took an active interest in our plight. They succeeded in locating a shop for us and we were able to return home not sounding like a Harley-Davidson.We will definitely return to the Belden-Stratford. It is affordable, friendly, homey, and in a pretty good location (car woes notwithstanding). We just may make different arrangements for our car the next time!	
Jan 21 2008 	Rooms need attention	We stayed in a &quot;Presidential Suite&quot; for one night. First the good news: the lobby is lovely, and the restaurant (in the Lettuce Entertain you chain) Mon Ami Gabi, is quite good - nice menu, waitstaff and children's menu, pretty Parisian decor. The location is superb to enjoy the Lincoln Park Zoo or walk to some shops. Our room on the 8th floor even afforded us quite a nice lake view. The bad news is that the room is quite a bit outdated. The suite was very spacious by any standards. There was a dining room, large living room, laundry closet, 1 1/2 baths, bedroom and kitchen. It had a very dated feel in both finishes and furnishings. It was adequate for our needs, and priced very reasonably for the location and size of accommodations, but this is definitely a case of &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;. A nice touch was the 24 hour fitness room, which was small, but well outfitted and the complimentary continental breakfast. I don't know if this is only offered on weekends, or takes place every day. As we stayed there in the dead of winter it was great not to have to venture out for coffee and a bagel in the morning. If there were a pool, it would be a great hotel for young families.	
Nov 27 2007 	Spacious Accomodations	These are not hotel rooms, but spacious apartments. Ours was a one bedroom (two double beds), one and a half baths, large living room, dining room, kitchen, multiple closets including a huge walk-in off the bedroom. Beautifully furnished. Lovely view overlooking Lincoln Park and Lake Michigan. A short cab ride to all Chicago attractions and shopping; cabs readily available outside hotel on constant basis Wanted to try the hotel bar/restaurant, but time did not allow. The only minus was that we did not have daily housekeeping service. Valetparking is $32/day, however, we had no problem finding street parking within steps of the hotel. Contintental breakfast comprised of muffins, bagels, etc.; coffee, juice - no cereal or fruit.Accomodations would be very comfortable for a longer stay,unfortunately, I was there just two nights.	
Nov 19 2007	Not Completely Taken With the Belden-Stratford	Our son's wedding reception was being held at Cafe Brauer at the Lincoln Park Zoo and so we decided to stay at the Belden-Stratford, which is directly across the street from the zoo. We found the bellmen and doormen extremely friendly, however, the main desk staff (all shifts) were very unfriendly and at times, rude.The night of our son's reception, we arrived home at the hotel at approx. 12:15 a.m. We found that there was no valet service after midnight so I went to the front desk to inquire as to who would take care of parking our van. (We paid the $32/night for parking.)The rude young man reluctantly told me that he would take care of it and asked me to at least bring our keys to the front desk. When I did so, I thanked him and in a very patronzing voice he said, &quot;try to be in by midnight from now on&quot;. I informed him that we would be leaving in the morning so he wouldn't have to deal with us any longer. I also informed him that we were at our son's wedding reception and since we were the hosts, we were unable to be in by midnight. I felt as if I were being chastised by a parent for breaking curfew! This entire incident was very offputting and would prevent me from recommending this hotel to anyone in the future.Also, on the day of the wedding (Nov. 16) we had put the sign on the door of our room to have the room taken care as early as possible as we would be getting ready for the wedding in the afternoon. At approx. 2:45, we received a phone call asking us to allow housekeeping in to clean the room. When asked if she could return in 30 mins. they replied that that wasn't possible as the maid leaves at 4 p.m. We allowed her in the room, asked her to do the minimum and please leave, as we were preparing to get ready for the wedding. We had to be out of the room by 4 p.m. to go to the church.The two above incidents left us with a negative feeling about the Belden-Stratford.	
Oct 28 2007 	The Hotel with the Motel Feel	The Hotel is in a great location and has a nice lobby. That’s about it. The rooms are very tired and really felt more like a motel then ahotel. Everything inside the room was dated and many things were broken. Worst of all the room was just not very clean. About 10% of the staff were cheerful and helpful. The rest were bitter, bored and frustrating to deal with. Most of the time, issues that we brought up with the staff were met with bewilderment. If you don’t expect much, you won’t be disappointed.	
Oct 18 2007 	Wonderful hotel	We booked three nights in this fabulous hotel through priceline. We had a one-bedroom &quot;Presidential&quot; Suite with a lake view for $179 per night including breakfast. Car parking was $32 per night, but a car wasn't really necessary. The staff couldn't be more helpful and friendly.And the restaurant &quot;mon ami gabi&quot; was good too.	
Sep 14 2007 	wonderful	Great location - great staff - fantastic room - loved it. Will make it our first stop next trip to Chicago.	
Aug 31 2007	Belden Stratford - Very Nice But Not Your Typical Hotel	After buying Cubs tickets online in March, we set about planning our summer trip to Chicago and settled on the Belden-Stratford for several reasons. First, we would be getting an &quot;apartment&quot;and not just a room (very important with small kids). The Hotels.com price was good. The Lincoln Park Zoo is a short walk from the front door. And Wrigley Field is an $8.00 cab ride (plus tip). But remember, this is more of a luxury apartment building than a hotel. When we arrived, there was no bellhop to help us with our luggage, we were on our own. There is no pool and no rack of brochures featuring area attractions. You are not close to mass transit other than buses. It seemed at times we were more like tenants than guests (not that it was a bad thing). That said, the hotel is in a terrific neighborhood (Lincoln Park). The unit featured a walk-in kitchen, fully-applianced, large bedroom, gigantic living room, two TV's, modest-sized bathroom. There is free Wi-fi. Our room faced the alley in the back, but at $179 a night, who cares? At the front desk, Tom was very helpful, and the day-side staff were also friendly and accomodating. And if the hotel restaurant looks pricey, there is a Ranelli's just around the block on the corner of Belden and Clark with a nicely priced menu for families, great for take-out or to sit in their patio setting. If you need a nice option from the more expensive hotels downtown, we highly recommend the Belden-Stratford. If you want (and can afford) to be right in the middle of things, keep looking!	
Aug 21 2007 	WOW!!	The suite was huge and clean. The staff was friendly, accommodating, and extremely helpful. The Belden-Stratford Hotel made me feel like a Queen for a day. The restaurant was excellent, the food was sooo good, and the staff was fantastic.	
Jul 24 2007	Great Location	Just moved my daughter to Lincoln Park &amp; needed a place that was close by. Belden-Stratford was close &amp; reasonable. Not much valet area to pulll in &amp; park. The hotel has an excellent restaurant &amp; it was extremely busy w/diners &amp; guests. Received no help w/luggage. Desk clerk was friendly but not overly helpful. Room was large w/kitchenette but had a musty odor. Weren't planning on spending alot of time there so it was fine.	
Jul 20 2007 	Great place!	I guess I'm easy to please because I really don't understand the other reviews about the poor quality of the staff. My family and I are at the Belden right now, ending a 2 week stay here. We are staying in a Suite and couldn't have had a better stay. The suite included a living room, full kitchen and seperate bedroom It was remodeled, clean and the hotel staff were friendly and helpful. The Belden is in a great part of town (Lincoln Park). My son has been in a camp at 2nd City and also visiting colleges around here. He has had easy access to the bus system, with stops right around every corner.Anyone who is coming to Chicago for any length of time, I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Jul 9 2007 	Bad Hotel.	There was a cockroach on bed upon arrival. And even though the hotel moved me to another room, they acted as if I was being an inconvience. The staff was very rude, the rooms were not very clean. There are a hundred other hotels in the city to stay at besides the Belden Strafford.	
May 20 2007	Awful Staff	We booked 5 nights at this hotel but when I called to ask a couple of questions the woman at the front desk was so unbelieveably rude I cancelled our reservation before we even stayed!!!!! She treated me like I was wasting her time. It was uncalled for.	
Feb 17 2007	Some place different if you can take it	As a frequent visitor to Chicago, I wanted to be someplace other than the Magnificent Mile area we usually stay. The Belden-Stratford is in a wonderful neighborhood location across from Lincoln Park. We had a one-bedroom apartment with sofabed in living room and full kitchen. So I think this would be a fine place for a family during warm weather. The hotel has a magnificent historic lobby, but the rest of the operation is 3-star hotel, indeed something like 3-star motel. The furnishings are OK but basic. The heat vent (and, I assume same is true for a/c) is in the LR but not in the BR, so door needs to stay open between the two rooms for circulation. Even so, LR then gets overheated in effort to warm BR. Desk staff got the job done, but with little grace. Certainly nothing to make one feel like a welcome guest. In fact, according to one staffer, only 15% of the accommodations are used by transients.Bottom line: stay for the location, not the property. Ask for lake view accommodation. Enjoy the park.	
Jan 27 2007	Don't ever stay at the Belden Stratford - My stay required a Tetanus shot.	Our experience with the Belden Stratford was horrible. We choose to stay there based on their four-star rating, and by the time we went to bed the first night, it was clear that rating was greatly exaggerated. When we arrived at our room, we were greeted by mouse feces on the floor of the bathroom, and a missing drain cover in the shower, leaving a 1/2 inch diameter screw protruding where a drain cover should have been. But hey, it's only four stars, right? They can't be expected to catch everything.The real problem - and the reason why I will NEVER be staying at the Belden Stratford again, and would strongly advise against anyone else staying there - started when I got into bed. In doing so, something scratched my leg, and upon inspection found that the mattress had an exposed bedspring, and it had drawn blood (Thus the need for a Tetanus shot upon returning). We called down to the front desk for some antiseptic, and we were told that we could come down, but they didn't think they had any. Right.... 4 stars? Why wasn't room service bringing some up, in the least?We went down to the front desk, where the concierge - who was apparently the only person on staff at 10:45pm on a friday night - looked again, and discovered that yes, they were out of antiseptic of any kind. Were they willing to run out and get any for us? No.  He did give us directions to a 7-11 which was a few blocks away, though. Now, perhaps I'm wrong, but when a guest at a 4-star hotel gets injured in one of the hotel's rooms, isn't it in the best interest of the hotel to do something about it? Apparently, not at the Belden Stratford. The next day, we asked to have our room changed, and they said they would as soon as they could FIND the manager, because he leaves his radio off during the day. So they asked us if we would mind if they moved our bags for us while we were out, once they found the manager. So, we told them approximately when we'd be back, and they told us it would be done by then. Was it? No. We returned several hours later, well after the point when we had said we'd returned, and were told that we would have to move the bags ourselves. Upon getting up to the old room, the manager arrived there as we were getting our bags. So, for those of you keeping score, it takes management at the Belden Stratford approximately 18 HOURS to respond to a problem there. And to top it all off, the room they moved us to was a much smaller room. The only nice thing I can say about it is that it has a beautiful lobby. Don't read a book by it's cover, right?At NO point did they offer us any compensation of any kind. At EVERY point service there was sub-standard, and it was clear that their only interest was filling rooms. Whenever we spoke with any of the staff there, they were short &amp; impolite at best. There are lots of great hotels in Chicago.The Belden Stratford is NOT one of them.	
Dec 12 2006	Grand Old Lady but Showing its Wear a Bit	I'm conflicted about this place. Great location next to the park, this is clearly a former grand dame of a hotel but is a bit tattered now. But for $100 bucks a night, not bad for a big city hotel. Don't expect any of the newer niceities like down comforters and pillows, but it did have a little kitchen. And the lobby is amazingly opulent. Note that most of the the 300 rooms are full time residents with only 50 rooms available for rent per night so this more of a residence than a hotel at this point in its incarnation. Workout room was adequate, alas no pool. When we were there it was an unseasonably warm winter day and the entire place was just too hot with no way to reasonable control the temperature in our room. All in all, a good experience from a time long past if you're willing to put up with some little inconveniences.	
Jun 27 2006 	Horrible hotel for business travel	Run, run, run, the other way. They lost the packages I had shipped ahead to the hotel for my business meetings. The packages were in the building... they just couldn't find them. Also, mid-week they sold a room out from under a colleague (who was still in possession of his keys since he had never checked out). He walked into his room to find another person's clothes laid out on the bed.Another colleague checked in to find loose debris on the kitchen floor and long black hairs in the sink and tub (she's blonde).I'm not sure whether they are dishonest or just extremely unorganized, but it was a total nightmare stay. Never again. I am still in the process of trying to get a refund for the nights that were not honored.	
May 21 2006 	Bad service odd location	The hotel seemed more like a residence-type hotel. A lot of guests seemed to stay there for a long time. The service was pretty dreadful, they had a single deskperson on at all times and they were very slow. The room was alright, but had very old furnishings. I stayed for business and in the morning we tried to catch a cab to our meeting downtown. The concierge said he would help find us a cab. We waited 25 minutes before walking a block over to try to find one ourselves. Even then, it was nearly impossible to get one.	
Apr 11 2006 	A huge room with terrifc views	This stately apartment building in Lincoln Park also doubles as a hotel accomodation. Our room was nearly 1,000 square feet, with a nicely appointed LR, DR, bath and a half and incredible views of Lake Michigan, Lincoln Park and the Gold Coast. Bus service right out front will wisk you down to Michigan Ave.	
Jan 25 2006	Enjoy this hotel		
Dec 10 2005 	Roomy clean and comfortable		
Nov 21 2005 	Average Hotel		
Sep 11 2005	Not so bad		
Aug 2 2005	Resident Review: Horrendous		
Jul 20 2005	A Hotel? Not Really....		
Jan 14 2005	hotel Staff was terrible		
Aug 4 2004	Loved this hotel!		
Apr 29 2004	A great European style hotel in a great location!		
Jul 11 2003	STAY SOMEPLACE ELSE		
Sep 5 2009 	camere molto spaziose		
