May 1 2003	You get what you pay	I got Delaware Towers from the web. While there was nothing in the description that was wrong, it was a bit misleading. The studios are depressing because they are small, dark, and seedy though clean. There was no outlet I could use for my laptop in the studio either. The one bedroom is much better in every respect but it is still not a place I'd want to spend much time. I wanted a kitchen so that I would have the option of cooking some meals instead of dining out, but the coffee maker had a corroded cord that was an electrical fire waiting to happen. The location is great but the one elevator can take a very long time. You get what you pay for here. It's cheap but not a bargain.	
Mar 3 2003	Delaware Towers/Delaware Inn Review	While the Delaware Towers, or as it is called on the outside of the hotel, Delaware Inn offers a discounted rate, it is far from the three stars that you will see it advertised. It is in a safe neighborhood with much shopping within walking distance. I found this to be suitable if you are not going to spend much time in the room or hotel. The queen size bed pulls out from the wall and the space is very small. I found the bathrooms to be a bit dirty and the faucets had leaks, but from what I hear they are slowly trying to renovate. I would give this hotel about a 1-2-star rating at the present state it is in. While the hotel staff was helpful in assisting with check in, they were not very knowledgable about the city of Chicago. All in all, it is not a bad place considering the price, but it is not as comfortable as they make it out to be.	
Jun 23 2002	Delaware Towers Hotel - a find	We have just returned from a stay at this hotel which is situated on East Delaware Place. Although a little dated it was a bargain we had a suite with a bedroom with kingsize bed, bathroom, kitchen with full oven and fridge freezer and a large Diner/lounge with dining table settee and chairs a desk and cable TV. The situation was excellent close to many attaractions, shopping centres, cinema and around the corner from a Underground Station.There was a bonus of a minimarket less than 100yds away. We stayed in May and paid $78.00 per night for the room plus tax!! It is on the same road as 4 star hotels a safe area with many restaurants close by	
