Oct 3 2009 	Clean and safe quiet neighborhood near excellent transit good price.	I stayed here for 5 nights with my sweetie (all the way from Seattle), and my sister and her husband (all the way from Michigan) met us here for a couple of those nights to celebrate her birthday and tour Chicago. The El was a short walk away and took about 30 minutes to get us downtown. The staff here was very helpful with suggestions of local restaurants and shopping. Breakfast was basic cereal, bagels, and pastries -- enough fuel to get started.	
Nov 8 2008 	clean and quiet	If you are looking for an affordable, clean and quiet hotel this will work. It is close to public transportation into the city and the neighborhood is a great walk on a sunday morning. Lake Michigan is a block away. Breakfast is basic, no fruits, yogurts, granola...but plenty of fruitloops and danish. We would definitely return based on value and location.	
Jun 22 2008 	Okay but not great	We stayed for 2 nights toward the end of May at the this Super 8. There is really no lobby - about 4 feet of floor space and a glassed in front desk. A very small elevator - 2 people with luggage is all that it will hold. The complimentary breakfast area had 2 tables with 4 chairs each. The items in the breakfast included 3 kinds of cereal, toast, small muffins and danish, coffee and juice. Must people took their food back to their room.We had a room with 2 beds &amp; a table that had 2 chairs. The room was okay and seemed clean. The bathroom was also very small. The area seemed pretty safe and we were told to walk about 4 blocks to find a restaurant which we did - the restaurant was pretty good. There were several other places to eat within walking distance. We were in town for a Cubs game and found El 5 blocks away to be very convenient. The hotel does have free parking. Most of which is an enclosed lot (on 3 sides). Lake Michigan is a block away which is nice. The price seemed a little high for what was offered - about $300 including taxes for what was offered. I would probably not stay here again if I could get a room at the Days Inn in Lincoln Park which happened to be full when we were there.	
Jun 4 2008 	Ehhh... It's a Super 8	We found ourselves at this Super 8 property the weekend after Memorial Day for a wedding, because virtually every downtown property was booked due to two conferences and a cancer walk. So... Super 8 it was. The location is not exactly ideal, the neighborhood isn't the greatest and it's about 30 minutes from downtown (driving). But it is close to the El which was convenient. (By the way, if you use the El, bring small bills. The machines only take cash and won't give you change!) Parking is free, so that was a bonus. The room itself was on the 2nd floor and had a king-sized bed. The room and bathroom were very clean, furniture was fairly modern, TV worked just fine. Minor complaints: the door didn't reach the ceiling so there was a one-inch gap that wasn't so bothersome during the day but at night, you could see the bright hallway lights and it was quite annoying. The walls are super thin, we could hear every single word coming from inside rooms while we walked down the hallway, and vice versa when you're inside the rooms. Air conditioner was super loud when on. All minor annoyances.	
Dec 1 2007 	Surprisingly good	It's fair to say that this wasn't our first choice for our second two nights in Chicago, being a fair way out of town, but the Days Inn Lincoln Park (where we stayed earlier in the trip) did not have availability when we were booking.However, we were pleasantly surprised by the Super 8, which apparently does a good trade amongst people visiting the nearby Loyola University.Although the reception has all the glamour of a petrol station booth, the clerk was friendly and efficient. Our room (on the third floor) was very spacious, including a fridge &amp; microwave, and there was lots of room for re-packing our bags prior to the long flight back to Australia.The hotel is about a 6-8 minute walk from Jarvis Station on the Red/Purple lines, but has a couple of buses (147 &amp; 151) that stop right outside. Although we arrived by train, we mainly used the buses to get around once we realised how much closer they were.The breakfast selection was reasonable, but in a very small room. On the first day, our timing was such that we could sit down and eat there, but had to take things back to our room on the second. Given the limited capacity, providing trays for people to take breakfast to their room would be a good idea.The only downside was the strong smell of disinfectant in the corridors, although I guess this at least reflected a thorough approach to cleaning.	
Sep 4 2007 	Best Stay for the Money/Ideal Location	Overall the stay was nice. Yes, the hotel had a distinct smell of Febreeze which I figured was to cover up the smoking rooms or previous occupants who for whatever reason smoked in the room. The location was ideal and the hotel staff were very helpful and pleasant. I have read reviews that talked about the small bathroom, dorm style microfridge, and holes in the sheets/comforter. Yes, I witnessed this firsthand; however, the hole was very small and the bed linen and the bathroom were absolutely clean!. Let me be honest, I'm a recent victim of bedbug bites as a result of staying in 4-5 star/diamond hotels on the East Coast with an average cost of $200 and up per night. So trust me I inspected this room head-to-toe with a keen eye and a flashlight. This was the first time in many months I was able to get a good night's sleep while staying in a hotel. By the way, the mattresses where still new, purchasing tags still intact. I'm not sure if this was a result of recent renovations or if they also had prior problems with bedbugs or such. Either way I would definitely stay here again. For the money, this is by far the best.	
Jul 25 2007 	A nice little place to stay	If you are looking to visit Chicago and you don't want to pay a ton of money to stay, I recommend this Super 8. The rooms were clean, and the bathroom wasn't too cramped. There was a microwave and a fridge. The motel provided free parking (also not easy to come by in the city) and was about four blocks to the El (Red Line). The motel was just a few El stops from Wrigley and three blocks from Lake Michigan. It isn't in the heart of the City, but since the train is so close, it doesn't really matter much (at least it didn't to me).	
Oct 9 2006 	Good Value nicely situated in 'Bohemia.'	This hotel is ideally situated for those wanting a spotless bedroom, with microwave, fridge and bus and train service to downtown. The former literally stops outside the hotel and takes about 50 minutes to Downtown. The latter is a Red Line train and is about 5 minute walk from the hotel, and also goes downtown. A weekly ticket for bus/train costs just $20.The hotel staff were okay, but not over-friendly with the exception of a guy called Mehta. The hotel has a small reception and breakfast area, we took ours upstrais and ate in our room. It is very clean with safe parking under the hotel building itself. This is a very 'safe' area, and you can walk anywhere anytime as far as we are concerned. The view out of our window was the next building's roof! But, we loved it here, it was just what we wanted. Good value considering its closeness to Downtown. The room itself was excellent though. This is situated in 'Universityland.' We liked the area and would happily stay here again.	
Jul 27 2006 	Nice Chicago North Shore location - near the lake	We stayed on a Wednesday Night after looking around Chicago for a closer location than the suburban (Marriott) locations we had stayed from Friday to Tuesday. Note: Last Minute Lodging searches are not a recommended big city travel strategy. After a leisurely drive north along the Lake Michigan Chicago North Shore up through Evanston showed no motels in sight or any room availability near Northwestern U --- so we headed south back down along the lake drive to the Super 8 Motel we had spotted in the Chicago/ Rogers Park neighborhood near Loyola U.As the previous “trip advisor” review mentions – there is a very small lobby and a tiny elevator, with very light breakfast food but we are Talking a Super 8 Motel! ---The coffee was OK for a morning wakeup and the tiny pastries can hold you off until you find a good local place to eat. The Parking is included and is a fenced in so that a big plus. In the morning we walked to Jarvis Square (about two blocks) and found an outstanding coffee and bagel spot next to an Irish Pub This is also the Jarvis CTA train stop for access to everywhere in Chi Town. The beach park is two blocks from the motel for a nice walk on the beach.The entrepreneurial desk clerk might have over charged us a few bucks (140) over the listed rates Super 8 (online rates are 90 up to 160 for the listed &quot;hot tub &quot;rooms) for the medium size room (#410) - but it was the last room available at 8pm (or another trip back out to the OHare suburbs). The room was spartan but clean with the heavy deodorized smell that comes from a good cleanup following a smoker. The AC ran nice and cold and the windows opened overlooking the back of the property for a little fresh air. Fresh paint was apparent and they might eventually install the bathroom exhaust fan. The High Speed Internet worked for an email check and some browsing, but the cabling took a lot of trial and error adjustment to get that cable link light active! I had to resort to swapping the cable wire from the TV to get the reliable signal.We'll stay there again - just make the reservation in advance and remember to bring our beach towels and picnic gear.	
Sep 16 2005 	Very very basic but clean...	We were very nervous about going there since no review was written for it, but hotrooms[-] &quot;didn't have [my] confirmation number or a record of [my] call&quot;, so last minute we were scrambling to find a room since all downtown hotels were booked for a convention, exept a $350.00 a night room. So, finally we found this one. I didn't know what kind of neighborhood it was, or how transportation would work. My daughter was being tested downtown, so it was just Mom and daughter. I followed the advise of another trip adviser, and bought a 2-day pass on the CTA online. That worked slick. We took the L-train from O'Hare Airport to downtown, walked around Millenium Park. Took route 147 bus to Hotel. Quiet neighborhood. I felt like I was at a car wash pay booth in their &quot;lobby&quot;, but it was clean. Small, very small elevator (about 3 people with carry-ons). Small bathroom, very little counter space, but the room was a decent size (we had two double beds), and there was a dorm refrig. and microwave. The room was clean and comfortable. They even had breakfast, again, in a very small room. Basic tiny bagels and danishes, cereal, toast, juice, and the like. It worked just fine for us. The bus stop was right outside the front door: route 147 took us downtown, about 40 min. (except rushhour is longer) It goes on the outer Lake Shore Dr. so you get to look at the lake for part of the trip. It goes by Loyola Univ. also. So, we were very relieved to find a clean, very basic hotel. The beds were comfortable. If you want &quot;atmosphere&quot;, this isn't the place. But if you just need a place to lay your head, this is just fine.	
Oct 11 2008 	Schönes Hotel direkt am Lake Michigan		
Apr 2 2008 	al limite della decenza		
