	Middle of Nowhere	This hotel, while clean and quiet, is in the middle of NOWHERE. Closest Walgreen's is a mile and a half of semi-dangerous walking away. The hotel is literally surrounded by housing projects and there are almost no taxis to be found. To be fair, if you have a bus pass, the beginning of civilization is only a 20 minute bus ride away, but for ME, that is 20 minutes too far. I think my company paid almost $200 per night and I know there are hotels in the middle of the action for that price. If you have a car and don't mind that you are on the SOUTH SIDE of Chicago, by all means, stay there. If I have my choice, I won't.	
Nov 21 2009 	Great hotel with best staff ever	We stayed for two nights - wish it had been longer. The staff cannot be beat - very helpful, friendly, really cared about their guests. If I owned a hotel, I would steal them, starting with Todd - what a great guy! We took the bus into downtown, it was easy - we walked to McCormick Plaza and it took about 15 minutes and was very easy. We walked to Connie's restaurant which was wonderful and again a very easy walk. We asked Todd for a room with a view of the city lights and he moved us to a room on the 4th floor that had a view we will remember forever. If we return to Chicago we will stay there again.Only request would be coffee pots in the room, or at least in the lobby. The small cafe had a very nice man, but it would be nice to be able to just have coffee easily.	
Nov 18 2009 	Thank you to Steve and Diane our hotel stay was fabulous.	We had a very large group staying over Saturday, November 14th and Steve and Diane were absolutely amazing and very helpful making our stay as easy and comfortable as possible. We really appreciated their kindness and efforts. Thank you!	
Nov 13 2009 	Awesome Hotel and service! Location is quite dangerous if you are alone	Very nice stay at the South Loop. Hotel : Rooms : clean, big, a tv, a desk, a very nice bathroom. PERFECTService: personnel very nice, help you with anything!Location : dangerous if you are alone, don't go there. I was with another friend and we took cabs everynight. You need to walk to go to the subway (CERMAK/CHINATOWN) in the morning to visit chicago and then, to come back i advise you to stop at the previous station and then, take a cab. Cabs are everywhere in Chicago.In General : awesome hotel, I highly recommend it. Just be safe! Chicago is still a dangerous city in my opinion.	
Nov 3 2009 	Great hotel at a budget price	This a great hotel though it is about 6 blocks outside of the south loop area so about a 30 minute walk to the downtown area. At £60 a night it was excellent value - large clean well furnished rooms &amp; very friendly staff plus a great little coffee shop in the lobby.	
Nov 2 2009 	An Excellent Value	Very Nice - especially when you consider the location and the price. I stayerd for three nights and was very pleased with my stay. $5.00 cab fare to McCormick Center, very short wait for cabs. Bus Fare to downtown $1.00 and the bus stops on the corner. I would have preferred a coffee maker in the room and I was told they are getting them. Stayed three nights and the staff was exceptional, it would be difficult to try to find an area the staff could have improved. Bar was nice, could use some snack options. Coffee shop was very nice and it was affordable (for Chicago). The rooms are huge. There was some trash on the floor of my room when I checked in and the remote was on the floor under the bed, but overall a very good stay at a very nice hotel	
Oct 21 2009 	Good hotel if you don't want to overpay for a more downtown location	Stayed there for 3 nights while doing a Chicago citytrip. Very nice and clean hotel with large rooms. Perfect location if you don't want to pay two or three times the price for a hotel downtown. The (public) bus stops in front of the door and for 2,50 it brings you downtown in 15 minutes. And free wireless internet... where the 'big' hotels downtown charge you up to 25 dollars a day for internet access.	
Oct 16 2009 	Great place for the price	Found this through Hotels.com last minute before the Chicago Marathon. My wife, son, and I only wanted a room to sleep in and this hotel exceeded our expectations by far. Price was a steal (under $100/night), free parking, business center with printers, wireless internet in room, big bathroom. If you're looking for nightlife and amenities this place isn't for you, but for a comfortable bed in a clean room you can't beat it. The El was across the street from our 4th floor window and it disturbed my wife, a light sleeper. It didn't bother me, but I could hear it.	
Oct 10 2009 	good hotel for the price	overnight stay only. no premium movie channels. Breakfast was good and affordable - small sitting area. convenient to convention center (1 mile away). Overall, for the money, good hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great Affordable Hotel and very City-accessible	We stayed for a wedding in the Southside and the hotel was in a perfect location. It kind of appears out of nowhere and we walked through Chinatown to find it the first time. BUT, there is a bus stop right outside the hotel that does straight to State street and Michigan Ave for all of the touristy stuff. And the bus ran all night which is a plus, since not all of the lines do. The concierge was very helpful, but very busy that weekend and service could be slow at times. We had no complaints about the room except that it didn't come with a coffee pot. The snack shop in the hotel had excellent food though the service again was slow. There's a spa/salon, a computer room, a bar/restaurant, etc all in the hotel. Not much of a view but it was definitely a great deal.	
Oct 8 2009 	ENJOYABLE STAY!	We had a great stay at this hotel. Rooms were good sized and the hotel seemed to be clean. Service was good at the front desk. We were a little worried about the location but it turned out to be ok...we were going to Soldier Field. All in all we would stay here again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Great hotel - just outside of the pricey district	We've stayed here several times, always satisfied with our decision. It's right on the bus line and one can get into the Downtown area within 5 - 10 minutes. This is an old refurbished hotel. The parking is wonderful - and free. It there's a downside, it would have to be the lack of food choices nearby. This hotel is in an up-and-coming area, but it's not really ready for prime time.... so walking may not be your best bet. Chinatown is nearby and is Downtown, but neither is right there.The staff was accommodating and the room was large - quite large. Nicely furnished with comfy beds and a good bath/shower (which really matters to me). This is a good hotel for a business stay.	
Sep 28 2009 	If you just need a bed it's not bad	Hmm. The good stuff. It was clean. Free parking in a well lit, fenced-in (not gated) lot. It was cheap when compared to the nicer hotels downtown, but it is by no means one of those nicer hotels. I stayed at a LaQuinta earlier in the week that blew this place away in all categories.The night desk girl was useless when we asked about a good blues bar and the best way to get uptown with out driving. &quot;You have to take the bus.&quot; Well, duh. We tried venturing out but didn't have exact change for the bus (another detail that the desk clerk could have mentioned after we asked her where the ATM is; apparently this is common knowledge, but I don't take public transit often). So we went to the hotel bar which is like any other sports bar. The bartender was pleasant and they had plenty of TVs. The elevator makes scary sounds for only being a year and half old. The rooms are quite large actually, but there's not a whole lot in them. 2 pictures on the walls and they were the exact same picture. Not that I really care about a picture on the wall, but it gives a good idea of the attention to detail in this hotel and the barebones nature of the rooms. No in room information about the hotel, room service, etc. We had a restaurant menu from a restaurant not on the premises and a folder with printouts from the cafe. The printouts themselves were wrinkled and waterstained, unprofessional at best. The cafe was about the size of our room and done cafeteria style with the seating in a room across the hall. I didn't try the food because we waited for a few minutes and it didn't seem like anything was going on. No orders taken, no food coming out, no acknowledgment of us coming in the door. The line didn't budge. We got a couple waters from there later on and I'm not sure the woman said anything legible to us. All in all it was a little disappointing. It seems with a little more effort/investment it could be a great hotel. It was just missing a lot in the details. Like my title I would recommend it only if you just need a place to stay. Next time I want to hang out in Chicago I won't be staying at the Chicago South Loop. I'll spend the extra to be in the middle of the action.	
Sep 24 2009 	much more than expected	Southloop hotel was a pleasant surprise. It was clean, well run, very professional. The staff was excellent especially a desk clerk by the name of Tommy Chen. The rooms were spacious with a large sitting area. The hotel also easily accessed various routes around Chicago. Anything that was needed the hoyel staff was eager to please; from coffee to taxis. The hotel was recently remodeled and very pleasant. My only negative would be the cafe. The staff was not friendly and the service was super slow. Otherwise, excellent hotel.	
Sep 23 2009 	Hidden Gem	A real surprise. If you know someone who is familiar with Chicago, they may tell you some stories about Chicago South Loop Hotel, but if you are in town and need a hotel, don't overlook this totally refurbished hotel that has been reopened for about a year and a half. Nicely decorated with large comfortable rooms and free parking. We booked through a discount broker and got a real bargain. The neighborhood is undergoing revitalization and is not quite &quot;walkable&quot; yet, but felt quite safe in the parking area and in the hotel. We spent three nights and can only rave about the service from the desk - especially Tommy who worked the desk at night. He was very accommodating to our every request.. There is a coffee shop, gift shop, fitness center and bar with plans for a restaurant.The hotel is easy to get to and is a short drive to Chinatown and the famous Connie's Pizza. Since parking is free and you can exit and enter as much as you like, it is easy to take State Street downtown	
Sep 21 2009 	Nice place	I truly do not understand the poor reviews of this place. It's not a Hyatt or a Westin, nor does it claim to be. I think some of the reviewers here wanted a high end hotel for a budget price. Those people should just go stay at the Hyatt or The Palmer House, pay four or five times as much as they would've at the South Loop Hotel, and quit their whining. Based on reviews at this site, I found the South Loop to be much better than I expected. I stayed there two nights, and shared a room with two friends. Our room was roomy, very clean and comfortable, with a nice big bathroom. The front desk clerks and bellmen were efficient, informative, helpful, kind, and very, very humorous. Much like I always find the rest of this great city to be.I was unafraid in the neighborhood, finding it not run down, but undergoing a renaissance. I expect it will only continue to improve. I do wish there had been restaurants or at least a coffee shop closer to the hotel. No biggie, though, because breakfast is served somewhere near the lobby - never had the opportunity to try it myself, but it sure smelled wonderful! As to proximity to downtown, etc., the hotel is on the corner of 26th and State. The State Street bus runs every few minutes, and you're downtown in no time. Or, you can take a taxi for about $10. The train runs very close by as well. (Other posters here have complained about noise from the train, or &quot;el&quot;, or whatever it's called. I'm a VERY light sleeper, and it didn't bother me at all after the first hour or so.) Get over the fact that you're not right downtown or pay the big bucks and stop complaining. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants nice, clean, friendly accommodations for not much money in a huge city.	
Sep 17 2009 	Good last minute rate...	Pulled into Chicago around 1am and got a nice room for a good rate... Took off the next morning but the cheapest place for miles the night before. The rate was half the rack rate at the surrounding hotels. Free parking too...	
Sep 15 2009 	Good value unfortunately very poor service and noisy due to night club dance in hotel	Unfortunately our experience at the Chicago South Loop Hotel was tainted by the very poor service that we experienced and the loud night club music that kept us up late into the evening. The staff during check-in were very unpleasant, unaccomodating, and had almost no knowledge of the area. When we inquired on a place to eat - which is extremely limited unless you travel North to the city - they had absolutely no idea and were entirely unhelpful. The first night we stayed there was a very loud night club dance going on that could be heard all the way up to our 4th floor room and lasted until all hours of the night. If you want to be a hotel, then don't hold loud night club dances that are very disturbing to the customers trying to sleep. The bartender at the bar was in an extremely bad mood, as was the common theme with all the help we encountered, with exception of the bell hop who was on top of his game and should be asked to teach the rest of the staff customer service skills. Unfortunately I will never stay again at this hotel due to my experience and lack of anything around the hotel.	
Sep 15 2009 	Hotel name is misleading.	I booked this hotel through Hotwire. I was looking for something near the Loop. This hotel was at least 2 miles south of the loop in a very rundown part of town. They do not offer any kind of shuttle even though they, at one time, listed a courtesy shuttle van on their website. The staff was of no help whatsoever in regards to restaurants in the area, etc. We were on the fourth floor and were able to hear music from the bar or party room throughout the night.	
Sep 15 2009 	Skip Awake with Pearl	Hotwire has totally mis-represented this hotel. If this is a 2 1/2 star hotel, I must live in a grand mansion. The best thing I can say about this hotel is that it was affordable. It is close to absolutely nothing other than run down buildings and the projects. We got to see a &quot;transaction&quot; between a &quot;guest&quot; and a transvestite hooker upon our arrival after checking in. Had I not paid for this hotel and needed a place to stay on a very busy week-end I would have turned around and left this place immediately.The rooms are large, but not well appointed. There is no air vent in the bathroom and there was a swarm of small bugs that seemed to multiply in the corner of the bathroom ceiling. The towels did not smell clean and fresh and the walls looked as if someone had tried to clean them with a quick swipe of an already dirty cloth. The furnishings are rather cheap looking and look very dated for a relatively new hotel. The worst part of our trip was our visit to the &quot;on site coffee shop&quot;, Awake with Pearl. This place is a joke and not a funny joke. &quot;Pearl&quot; , I'm assuming, since this is what the others around her called her, is rude, condescending and just plain unpleasant. I understand the Ed Debevic's charm and allure of being treated poorly by the wait-staff, it is part of the ambiance of Ed Debevic's and one enters this place aware of and looking forward to barbing and snide comments from the servers, it's part of the act. Pearl is not an act. She is quite possibly the rudest, most unhappy person I've ever encountered. She must hate what she is doing for a living and hate life and people in general. I ordered biscuits and gravy from the very small menu and asked if they were home-made, Pearl informed me that they were home-made after giving me a look that spoke volumes. The buscuits nor the gravy were home-made, and they were inedible, awful and overpriced, to boot. I have never been treated so poorly as I was in this place, especially by a person that is in the business of &quot;hospitality&quot;. Perhaps Pearl should consider finding another line of work and the Chicago South Loop Hotel should consider replacing this little room with a small continental breakfast area to serve the guests. I am extremely disappointed to have wasted my last few vacation days at a place like this and will assure everyone that I will not be using Hotwire or this hotel in the future, which is sad because my daughter and I love to travel to Chicago a few times per year.	
Sep 10 2009 	My new home away from home in Chicago !	Great place. Staff was great. Room was beautiful as was the lobby. This is just whatmy husband I were looking for _ a five star hotel near his relatives on the south side.I felt safe, comfortable and very much at home. I will never look anywhere else inChicago. Eureka_ I found it ! We travel to Chicago at least once a year. Now, I do nothave to search for a hotel.	
Sep 4 2009 	Best Kept Secret in Chicago!!!!	From check-in to check-out, it was wonderful! The front desk personnel was very busy however, you did not feel abandoned because they continually stated that they would be with you and were so very professional and warm. I had the opportunity to meet the Guest Service Manager, Mr. Todd Soliday and he was excellent! The room was very spacious and simply beautiful! Very comfortable. I could go on and on about my stay but I can assure you that you will not be disappointed by staying at the South Loop Hotel. I am recommending the facility to a friend that will be having a family gathering in November.	
Aug 22 2009 	A Mixed Bag that could be so much more	This hotel was such a mixed bag, its not a in a great area, but has good free and secure parking area and is close to public transit. So many contradictions to my stay here, for every good thing of staying here there was one big bad thing. The service was great one day and then horrible the next day (Saturday), we had a great recommendation for a wonderful restaurant from the concierge with really good instructions and they checked us in hours before the check in time, which I thought was great! However, the next day we needed extra towels, I called three times to the front desk for more towels, no towels ever came, sucks to have to reuse a towel. Thats pretty bad if I have to call twice, I called three times and nothing came. Also the front desk staff was rude, particularly to foreigners and those of different heritage than the staff. The Staff treated people of different backgrounds VERY differently, I sat in the lobby for an hour waiting for my wifes hair appointment to finish, and it was pretty humorous to watch. Also, I was never asked about my stay or given a chance for follow up or feedback, which is disappointing. The Rooms are VERY large, but theres no furniture except a single chair, so why have the big TVs and the big room but no where to sit and watch it and relax, that was also very disappointing, get some couches in there. The bathroom was also large, but poorly outfitted and the shower was really really bad, like a dorm shower, the drain pulled out, and it wasn't supposed to. Also the elevators were a bit scary, the seems to lag and stall between floors and the carpets were old and stained, which is too bad because the lobby is lovely. Good hotel on a budget with free parking, but will probably not stay again.	
Aug 19 2009 	Has potential if new staff is hired and more amentities are added	I stayed at The Chicago South Loop Hotel for a conference so most of the time was spent outside of our room. However the times that we were in the hotel we weren't necessarily greeted with the best customer service.At check in the attendant wasn't knowledgeable of basic check in procedures. During our stay, when we called for room service to clean the room or to replenish an item, we never received this service. And at check out, I had such a problem with the hotel worker that I missed my ride to the airport. It was absurd, appalling, and kind of sad because I hoped better for this new hotel. In all, if you don't expect much like working irons, mirrors, clean rooms or friendly customer service --- and just need a place to rest your head --- then this may be the hotel for you! Oh yeah, up and coming neighborhood means that the public housing project across the street is in the process of being torn down. It is not safe at all to be in this area at night, this is what we were told by a local campus security officer who gave us a ride to our destination after we thought it was safe to walk 5 blocks north.	
Aug 17 2009 	Nice stay for the budget traveler.	Traveling with my husband and in-laws for a quick visit in Chicago. Pros: This hotel was clean and fairly new. Nice big bath tubs and spacious guest rooms. Small workout facility and nice business center. #29 bus (State Street) stops in front of the hotel and is easy access to all downtown attractions. It is recommended to take the bus (or walk the 16 blocks) to the Roosevelt Center and visit Jewels grocery to purchase a $5.95 &quot;Fun Pass&quot; for unlimited access to public transportation for the day. On average, about $100 less per night then hotels near the Loop/Pier/Magnificent MileCons: No coffee maker in room or complimentary coffee anywhere on premises. No pool. Area appears a little rough, but we had no problems walking around in daylight and using public transport after dark.	
Aug 10 2009 	Nice Place - Good Value	This is a nice hotel. The area's up and coming, maybe a little rough: not many people, not many stores/restaurants. But Chinatown is just around the corner and a two-minute cab ride will take you into the heart of the Loop. Staff was friendly, rooms were immaculate, beds were comfy, a/c great (not noisy).Some caveats:-there is no coffeemaker in the room (there is a cafe on site though)-there is no hair dryer-the El tracks are right across the street - this might bother some folks (didn't bother me) but the trains don't run late at night.-the windows do open - which is nice on a pleasant day.Good place for the money - will definitely stay again.	
Aug 10 2009 	Tries (kind of) hard but not great	The interior of the hotel is relatively well-maintained, but the service is just a step short. We were there for two nights, and while the room was clean and spacious when we arrived, there was ZERO maid service the next day (i.e. no new towels, no one made the bed... clearly no one set foot in the room). Location as far as proximity to things was decent--close to a bus line that goes straight into the city but far from the ell and about $10 taxi into town. The neighborhood, however, was very undesirable. Dirty, a little unsafe... just not a good atmosphere. The service was lacking. Checking in people were very nice, but, as mentioned before, no maid service, there was no city guide, no amenities or channel guide available in the rooms, and when I asked them to call me a cab one morning it took 20 minutes...even though a cab depot was two blocks away. So, we paid $100/night expecting better than a Super 8, but that was pretty much the experience we got. They're trying to be be fancy, but it falls a bit flat.	
Aug 9 2009 	Would stay again!	I have submitted photos of our stay also but not sure if they will be attached to this....Our stay was great. Huge room, clean, quiet(even with the Lallapalooza guests), friendly staff. There is not a sit down restaraunt..just a tiny cafe. There is a bar...cheap drinks! Did not have a coffee pot but we never use them in hotel rooms so this didn't affect us at all. They neighborhood is certainly 'south' side...parking is free in the lot behind the hotel. It is not locked or guarded.We would stay again! They have done a nice job renovating although they are still not finished with little things like mounting the hair dryer on the wall. Nice flat panel T.V., iron/board, alarm clock.	
Aug 9 2009 	Not enough help or information available	Hotel looks very nice, updated. Cars are parked in a locked lot as this hotel is not in the most eye pleasing locations, surrounded by abandoned lots and buildings. Floors were not vacuumed and the bathroom floor had long black hair all over it. When I mentioned this to the front desk, the woman just looked at me as if this were my fault and said, &quot;What's with this long black hair stuff???&quot; They didn't send anyone up to clean and we left for the day, came back to the room in the very same shape.Another thing, there was no list of amenities, I had no idea if this hotel had a restaurant or not (it didn't) No coffee pot, no microwave, no fridge, no movie channels. Our internet service was not working so we had to go downstairs to try and find a place to eat.	
Aug 3 2009 	Bad bad cleaning service. An old hotel wich wishes to be nice	My girlfriend and I spend the weekend from July 24th to 27th. First, when we arrived at 00:00, saturday 25th, the room looked clean. After a bath, we went to bed to discover under tje sheets of the perfectly well done bed, a USED CONDOM... We asked the clerk about it, and he just told us to wait until they found another set of clean sheets. No maids at the time, no service. Just the janitor and her wife, who where kind enough to help us. The other day, saturday to sunday, when we arrived from downtown at 22:00 hrs, the rrom was not done!! everything as we left it in the morning. The clerk, a very nice blone woman, told us that it was the third room that day with the same problem. And she sent us to another room. With those details, the whole staying in that hotel was a nightmare, we just waiting to happen. No apologies, nothing from the admin.	
Aug 3 2009 	Rude staff and threadbare accommodations in the middle of nowhere.	This hotel is located in a total wasteland in the middle of nowhere. There are vacant lots on three out of four sides. There are no businesses within walking distance in any direction. There is no pedestrian traffic outside at any hour. If you don't believe us, check out Google Street View for this block. It gives you a VERY accurate sense of what this neighborhood is like.The people who work at this hotel seem to fall into two categories: rude+incompetent and nice+overworked+incompetent. The woman who checked us in when we first arrived was screaming at one of the hotel guests on the phone so loudly that it could be heard throughout the first floor. (She seemed to be trying to convey to them that their pizza had arrived. Why this required screaming we're not sure, but the tone she took with them was more than a little inappropriate.)The internet didn't work. Neither the ethernet nor the Wi-Fi. Their website advertises that they have free internet in ALL rooms. It was one of the main reasons we chose this hotel since we were here on business and needed it for work . We called down to see if they could resolve the issue. The woman at the front desk said, &quot;I'm not IT and it's a free service.&quot; At $109/night (still overpriced &quot;discount&quot; travelocity rate) we did not think any of the very basic amenities could reasonably be considered &quot;free&quot;; I mean, the bed was free too, right? Needless to say she did not resolve the issue, although the next night someone else at the front desk was kind enough to let us test other rooms. Dragging our computers with us from one floor to the next, we tried three separate rooms before we found one where the internet actually worked. We then repacked all of our stuff and switched rooms. When we came back the next evening we were locked out of our new room for some reason and had to go to the front desk to get our keycards reactivated. Apparently this had happened to several other guests as well.So how is the rest of the hotel? One word comes to mind: basic. Industrial-pile carpeting, hard and horribly uncomfortable mattresses that seem to be covered with some sort of plastic underneath very starchy and coarse sheets, lousy water pressure, no place to put your stuff in the bathroom, no full length mirror. We didn't have a &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign in our room so housekeeping woke us up at 8:50 am on a Sunday morning. When we sent them away so that we could get dressed before they did up the room, they never came back and consequently we had to do without towels that day. There was such a disconnect between what we experienced with this hotel and what we'd read in some of the reviews that we wondered if maybe people had gotten it confused with some other hotel. The best thing about this hotel by far is the parking. The parking is free and convenient. There are pretty much always spots available. Other than that...	
Jul 15 2009 	Great Place to Stay. Look no further.	We stayed at this hotel Sun. &amp; Mon. 07/12-14. We found this hotel online and were extremely pleased. Very close to McCormick Center and Downtown. Taxi and public transportation available. Our room (2 queens) was VERY spacious and clean. The bathroom was very large, had a nice tub and was extremely clean. There is no alarm clock or coffee pot. Continental breakfast (advertised on some web-sites) is NOT complimentary. The hotel does have a nice business center and free wi-fi. Front Desk staff was very friendly and helpful. Free Parking was nice. We are recommending this place to anyone who does not want to pay $200 downtown. Very pleased. Thank you! We will be back!	
Jul 14 2009 	Great Location Great Value	We had a little bump in the road at check-in, our reserved room wan't cleaned, but we were quickly moved to another room. The hotel is within walking distance to McCormick place &amp; Chinatown. There is no full service resturaunt on site, but it has a pleasant, lively bar. There is also free parking,and public transportaion nearby.	
Jul 11 2009 	We had a great experience with this hotel!	As we were heading towards Chicago, we knew the downtown hotels would be too expensive. Traveling with the family, we were trying to save money. We found this hotel, which is located just on the outskirts of downtown. The hotel looks brand new and the price was very reasonable for the location. We were also very impressed with the customer service that received during our stay. The best we've seen in a long time. They were very friendly and gave us directions to where we were headed. The room was a great size for a family. We had plenty of space. We'll be back again! Did I mention Free Parking!	
Jun 29 2009 	excellent place!!! would stay there again	Big rooms, clean, Very nice staff. Excellent location and price. Free easy parking. Very close to major highways and downton.	
May 19 2009 	Great value for the money	Located in an up-and-coming neighborhood, the hotel is a quick cab, bus, or train ride to downtown. You cannot find a better price anywhere else...and the staff was great! Although hotel rooms were a bit sparse, they were very clean.	
May 11 2009 	Bereavement Accomodations	Due to a an unexpected death in our family, we needed accomodations near the family and this hotel fit the bill perfectly. According to my Mother, she and the other family members were well taken care of by the wonderful staff at the Loop South. I highly reccomend this hotel to all travelers.	
Dec 29 2008 	South Loop Hotel - Recommend Only if Despearte	My colleagues and I were booked in this hotel as the result of overflow registration for an exhibition/congress. On the surface, the hotel is clean and relatively new, and the staff tried hard to keep customers happy. For those attending meetings at McCormack Place - this is anything but a desirable site. The hotel sits in the middle of a very bad neighborhood, requiring taxi service to get you anyplace (that is, if you can get a Taxi to come here). The hotel rooms are large and clean, but relatively spartan. There is no food service or restaurant in the hotel. Our travel planner took this option as it showed up as recommended by McCormack Place when all other hotels were overbooked. The travel planner relied on the website to make this decision and believed that it would be more suitable than traveling to/from Chicago from the only hotels with space available (at the airport). Given the option again, we will make the trip from Airport Hotels.	
Nov 17 2008 	Wonderful experience New Hotel with and Expert Staff	This was a Very nice experience. The hotel is new and has a very pleasant decor and a fully trained/experienced staff who is there to serve you. It is clear that they value your patronage and will go the extra mile to accommodate your needs. I spent 10 very pleasant days in their care and would highly recommend this hotel to all travelers. Parking was plentiful and the hotels location was ideal for the either convention goers or tourists alike. Just a few Minutes drive to the entire trade center and all of the highlights such as the Shead aquarium and the Natural History museum. I highly recommend booking your stay with The South Loop Hotel.Julie KumlerRE/MAX equity groupPortland Oregon	
Nov 14 2008 	Way Overpriced Starkly Cold Budget Hotel	Avoid this hotel unless it is your last choice. Prices in the $200 and up range are outrageous for this Budget Motel type place. Six months after opening the items I encountered should not have happened.-The room was cold (literally) and uninviting and I had to turn on the motel-type heater at the window to heat it up--a process which took a good 24 hours. --It looks like the owners tried to renovate an old building but ran out of money at the end--and so they scrimped on the finishes and fit-up. --There is no hotel restaurant and no restaurants in the nearby (bad) neighbourhood. The &quot;breakfast deli&quot;--the only source of food in the place opened at 7:30 am (the posted hour) with one employee--resulting in a line of 20 people trying to get something to eat--there is no other option.--I instead went to the Convention center and ate there since I was going there anyway.--Don't allow them to give you a room on the side of the hotel facing the &quot;El&quot; train line--its really noisy with trains going by multiple times an hour.The rooms look like a cheap motel.For example there is a closet--but no closet doors. There is an ironing board--but no iron. There is a big bathroom --finished with a cheap corian counter and tile and cheap residential style fixtures. There is a jacuzzi tub--but with no jets. There is no clock in the room. The TV was a flat screen but half the channels were unviewable because they were too blurry. The cheap art work was literally screwed though the front of the picture frame to the wall with sheetrock screws--it seems they think you would want to steal it.There is a desk but no notepad or pen. Bottom line the place felt like a cheap motel room--but at extravagant prices. I have stayed in those motels and have nothing against them--but not at these rates and not at a hotel which mis-bills itself as a &quot;boutique experience&quot;.	
Sep 13 2008 	Great Staff Great Service!	I had a great stay at the Chicago South Loop Hotel--clean, pleasant, wonderful staff, and excellent service. Only a $10 cab ride from places like Weber Grill and Harry Caray's, a few blocks to the heart of Chinatown. The up-and-coming South Loop neighborhood is a great quiet place to stay without being too far from the action.The service was awesome, and the staff is super accomodating. I will definitely stay here on my next trip!	
Aug 20 2008 	New hotel great people car friendly!	We had a bad experience at the Hyde Park Ramada and moved here for the last 4 days of a 5 day trip. It is a brand new South Side hotel and beautifully decorated with a 'jazz' theme. The hotel came with free parking and free wireless internet for $25. less per night than the hotel we moved from. It is not 'in' a neighborhood itself, but it is close to the Interstate, Lake Shore Drive, IIT and the Chicago White Sox stadium. If you have a car, this place is highly recommended as it has a large, well lit ground level parking lot.The room was very spacious and nicely appointed. We had two queen sized beds and a separate sitting area. Plasma TV on the dresser, and free wireless internet.The best thing about the hotel is the staff. Very friendly and helpful, not the jaded, disinterested automatons you see so often in large city places.I consider this hotel to be a real find, and a great stop for people with cars and laptops on a budget, and looking for a relaxing place to stay while seeing the sights of Chicago!	
Aug 16 2008 	Gottta Love The Staff What A Wonderful Group!	This hotel was AMAZING! The wonderful staff make you feel like your at home! You are a part of there family when you stay there. I really LOVED Ron the bellman what a great and wonderful person. He would go beyond the call of duty to help you and the same with the rest of the staff NEVER I mean NEVER have I had this kind of service at a hotel! The hotel is SPOTLESS, wonderful extra's and just an overall joy to stay at! The price for this kind of service was an absolute bargain and help you just can't put a price on it. The quick bus ride we had to go downtown or to the navy pier we were only on at the longest 30 minutes! The bus let's you off right at the side door you can't beat this! I've told everyone of this wonderful experience we had at this hotel! Thank you to the staff for such a wonderful place to stay!	
Jun 18 2008 	Hidden Treasure in an up-and-coming part of Chicago	This brand new hotel in the South Loop neighborhood is just wonderful. The staff - especially the bellman Ron - were willing to go out of their way to help you with whatever you needed... a ride to the Blues Festival, a ride to church, etc. Our group was very well taken care of during our stay. I can't wait to go back when they've completed their fine dining restaurant and jazz club. Everything was spotless inside and outside the hotel.	
Jun 9 2008 	Loved this hotel!!!!!!!!!!	This Hotel is an a brand new hotel. I have never been in a hotel where the staff is more willing to do ANYTHING and EVERYTHINg to accomadate your every request. The general manager often takes care of requests himself. The staff remembers you and constantly asks how they can be of service. The hotel is extremely clean, pleasant, and inviting. The neighborhood is being revitalized. The hotel doesn't have immediate businesses on the same street but is just a quick (cheap) cab or bus ride away! I will make it a point to suggest this hotel to any and everyone, The cafe is great, the food is homestyle and the staff there are great!	
