Oct 21 2009 	5 blocks from MDW walking faster than driving on Cicero	Stayed here Oct 20-22th 2009, with business about 1.5 miles away. Travel time was approximately 45 minutes on either Cicero or Pulaski in rush hour, so plan accordingly. Hotel is clean, in a complex of 5 or 6 other major chains. Basically all business travellers here, saw no families. no pool. Price runs about 50% over most HIE's I have stayed at, I would guess just for location alone. Some rooms have microwaves and ridges, mine did not. Parking is not free. You hear the low rumble of aircraft all the time, but the fan is loud enough that it covers them well. Room 105 stays nice and dark at night.	
Jul 25 2009 	Nice room friendly staff	King room was very neat, clean and inviting. There was good lighting, and the bathroom was roomy and convenient. A/C was on the loud side, and in my NE facing room could hear aircraft landing from time to time (though not much at night). Breakfast room was set up very well, and well-stocked with a variety of foods by a very friendly person. Conference Room was nicely appointed and staff who served us were great, as were the treats served. No staff person ever failed to greet me.	
May 20 2009 	Haven't stopped itching either disgusted!!!!	We stayed at this hotel last night and a few minutes after I got in the bed I started to feel itchy. Now that it's after dark I feel itchy and keep scratching an i have raised bumps all over I took a shower but will need to take another one I feel so nasty!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We were too tired to tell the staff that night so we just all tried to cram onto the hide-a-bed couch without pillows &amp; blankets because we didn't want them but left the sheets on. Told them this morning and they said they'd look into it. The staff/maintenance guys were changing out air conditioners in units and getting mad at each other I felt like I was in the way when I walked out of the room. I didn't see any bugs but I am still itching and I wasn't until I went to this hotel last night!! It's also kind of noisy/on a busy street.	
Mar 24 2009 	I haven't stopped itching.	The property was nice enough. The location is great, just outside of Midway. The staff was pretty rude. You know the type: you feel like your inconveniencing them by simply checking in. Also, be prepared to pay $10/night for parking.All of this was no major issue. The problem is that I have not stopped itching since we stayed in this hotel. I don't know if it was bed bugs or what, but it's driving me crazy. We stayed for one night, and I woke up with a few itchy bumps on my neck. I'm very thourough in my bed checks in hotels. I always strip back the covers and give everything a good once over. I didn't notice anything, so I layed down and went to sleep.Over the next few days I got itchy bumps on my neck, arms and legs. At this point it may be totally psychological, but I'll definitely never stay in that hotel again.Take it for what it's worth.	
Mar 7 2009 	Very pleasing accommodation at a good price	Everything here was new-looking and fresh. The room was a standard twin, was spotless, nicely appointed and had a small desk. The buffet breakfast had a nice variety including an egg dish--but no make-it-yourself waffles. The staff was friendly and helpful, particularly the breakfast hostess Liz. Although very close to the airport, there was no aircraft noise. The hotel is in a campus, with a few restaurants and a Starbucks within a short walking distance. The price was reasonable, within Government per-diem.	
Jan 12 2009 	Excellent Airport Hotel	For being less than a mile from the airport I was very pleased with this hotel. Suite was huge and very comfy. Breakfast was like a buffet from a more upscale hotel. Free shuttle to and from the airport. The &quot;campus&quot; it is on is also very convenient for travelers with restaurants, Starbucks, etc.	
Jun 1 2008 	Nice place	I stay here for work, once a week. For an airport hotel, its actually pretty nice. The hotel/rooms/grounds are extremely clean and the staff friendly. I also like the new rooms and furnishings. Being close to the airport, you actually don't hear much noise. I would definatly stay here and recommend it to anyone needing an overnight accomodation near Midway.	
Jan 28 2008 	Perfectly Decent	Hotel was perfectly decent. Even at -20C the rooms were comfortable.	
May 12 2007 	It served our purposes nothing more nothing less	My wife and stayed there on April 26th, 2007. The hotel is locatedtwo blocks from Midway Airport, and I was worried because I am a light sleeper. But I had no problems. There are several other hotels and a TGI-Friday restaurant, where we ate after check-in, within easy walking distance. Curiously, while the airport noise was not a problem, the noise in our first floor room was. The dinging of the elevator bell is still in my head. And there was a lot of foot traffic outside our room. If we ever stay there again, we will ask for a room on an upper floor and away from the elevator. Everything else was fine. And the location is ideal for visiting Chicago.	
Apr 19 2007	Great staff great stay!	We had to find a hotel quickly for a sick adult relative departing from Midway. It was a flu bug but she couldn't fly out as planned that day. We drove around and got her a room at the Holiday Inn Express and proceeded to change her flight to the next day. The staff at the desk was quick, efficient and very accomodating. I have never had more professional, cooperative service at a hotel. The rooms were clean, quiet and allowed her to get much needed rest so she could recover. The staff graciously held her calls and ensured she would have privacy and peace for her respite. Kudos to the folks at this hotel for their fabulous service and fantastic attitudes!!	
Oct 13 2006 	Clean hotel	Nice and clean hotel, about an hour ride to and from downtown Chicago, taking the orange line... paid an average of $128 cause of the jacuzzi, really not bad at all...	
Aug 3 2006	Very Nice Surprise	I was pleasantly surprised at how nice this hotel is. The lobby is warm and inviting and the rooms are very clean. The bathroom was large with a very nice tub. The included breakfast was excellent with wonderful cinnamon rolls. This is really a good value for a nice property.	
Jul 6 2006	Decent Stay but for God's sake speed up the internet in the rooms	Convenient, clean and quiet. Free breakfast is ok too with cereals, fruits, bagels and toastable items and hardboiled eggs. Not the hautiest of cuisine but good and fast enough and the price is right.Nearby Midway Airport has a terminal for CTA elevated trains or buses and is only a short walk away of a few blocks. A great way to get exercise on nice days. The Midway hotels complex also has a free shuttle 24/7 if you don't want to walk it or the weather's bad.Front desk staff was most helpful at check-in even securing our room much earlier than posted check-in time or they also offered the night before to secure our luggage until our room would be ready. As I said, we didn't have to wait as soon as we came over from the other hotel (had to switch for availability of rooms) and they had us a room right away.My only complaint about this hotel is the in-room internet service is sssllllloooowwwww!!! The wireless internet signal strength was always &quot;low&quot; and the ethernet cable thru the wall outlet was nothing better. Unfortunately, the front desk staff was clueless how to help this. I know it wasn't my laptop as I'd been using it at the hotel next door (wireless) just the previous 3 days before here and it worked fine. Works fine everywhere else I've taken it.	
Jun 12 2006	Great Stay	Went to Chicago for Son's wedding. Hotel was not only convienient but had friendly, helpful staff. Room was very clean, updated and well supplied with towels and necessities. Morning breakfast room was indeed an upgrade from the usual continental breakfast with many choices to choose from. If I had to say anything negative I would have to blame it on the weather. It rained one night of our stay and before we looked out to see that it was raining it sounded like someone was playing drums outside our window. The rain was beating down on some kind of overhang that sounded hollow. Otherwise bearing good weather this was a most enjoyable stay and not only would recomend but would and will make a return stay when in Chicago.	
Mar 27 2006	Decent stay	For business travel near Midway, the Holiday Inn Express at the Midway Airport Hotel Complex was great!I noticed my room was clean, a roomy and clean bathroom, decent breakfast with cereal, yogurt, breads, milk and juice, well maintained business center with computer, gym with free weights and 3 exercise equipment, slightly loud HVAC but worked well, 24 hour coffee and tea self-service, and a 24 hr shuttle bus back and forth to Midway airport. My room was on the 1st floor, and I did not hear any airplanes taking off or landing. It was fairly quiet as hotels go. If you are worried about Midway noise, it seems quiet enough. For convenience, there are to restaurants in the Midway Hotel Complex, Dempsey's and TGIFridays. TGIF has free delivery to the hotels. There are a couple regional and delicious restaurants near this hotel. There is Tony's Italian Beef on 70th and Pulaski for lunch, and Mabenka's for home-made Polish on 79th and Cicero for dinner. If you want Chicago style deep dish pizza there is Giordano's a few blocks north on Cicero.To use the shuttle bus back and forth to Midway, you must have the front desk call it for you, and on the Midway side, use the courtesy phone in the baggage area. CTA, the Chicago subway, is right in the terminal of Midway, so if you want to go downtown from Midway, it is very easy. I did it multiple times, I had the front desk call for the shuttle, and the shuttle drive dropped us off at the CTA entrance. It beats sitting in Rt55 traffic! One way to the Loop is about 1 hr door to door.	
Mar 25 2006	nice place	We stayed here for the park and fly package. The staff was very nice and helpful when we arrived, check in was a breeze. The room was clean, the only thing wrong was that the beds were rock hard, but other wise fine. We were only there for the night so didn't really care. The free breakfast was good and not very crowded.	
Mar 12 2006	Excellent Stay	Excellent customer service at front desk. Free shuttle to Midway. Rooms very clean and updated. They have free wireless internet and very nice shower heads. I would recommend staying here especially if your flying out of Midway.	
Jul 17 2005	Security? You decide.	We left our vehicle for a week with their &quot;Park and Fly&quot; option, only to find our spare tire mount on my SUV cranked down and my tire gone. We were parked right beneath a light pole with a security camera attached to it. Security told us the lot is not patrolled between the hours of 3 AM and 7 AM. We will never stay here again.	
Mar 17 2005	Great location	This looks like a very new hotel just a couple of blocks from Midway airport. It's also only a mile south of I55 so it's real easy to get in to downtown Chicago.Dining is just across the parking lot, either in TGIFridays or Dempseys (a more upscale place).Rooms were nice with free wireless internet. They loan out a 'bridge' unit to people like me who don't have wireless cards in their laptops.	
Dec 30 2004	Good value clean good service	We used the park, sleep, and fly special at the Holiday Inn Express, since we had a flight out of Midway at 6:00 AM the next day. We were efficiently checked in and found the room to be clean and of sufficient size for a comfortable one-night stay. The wireless internet didn't work right but a call to the technical support got it working in about 15 minutes, but it was pretty slow. We took the shuttle to the orange line 'L' stop to eat downtown and were told by the driver just to call on the courtesy phone when we got back and they'd pick us up. We got back and looked all over for the courtesy phone. The CTA cop said that we were like the 4th people to ask for the courtesy phone and he had no idea what we were talking about. So we walked over to the airport terminal and found our way to the baggage claim area. We looked outside and saw a shuttle, flagged it down, and got a ride back. I still don't know where that courtesy phone is. The front desk and driver were also friendly at 3:45 AM when we left for the airport. Fresh-baked chocolate chip cookies were also placed on the front desk, and I assumed they were for the guests, and if indeed they were, then this was a nice touch. I understand that this hotel is the second cheapest in the complex, so if you're going to be flying out of Midway and you're looking for a comfortable night sleep before your flight, this is a good choice.	
Sep 29 2004	Good Value and Service	We stayed here the night before our flight out of Midway airport. The front desk service was very efficient and professional. The hotel allowed an early check-in and offered a free crib for the baby. We had a clean modern room and expected amenities. We took advantage of the free shuttle to both the El and the airport, as well as the included continental breakfast. The shuttle is shared with the Holiday Inn Select and the Hamptons Inn, which are all next door to each other. I had considered the Holiday Inn Select but am glad to have chosen this less expensive hotel.	
