Nov 12 2009 	Great location	Stayed hear because we wanted to go to the Kingston Mines and a few other Blues bars in that area. Very nice area to walk around and feal safe late at night. Lincoln park Zoo is about a mile walking distance from the hotel and there is plenty of places to eat. The front desk when we arrived was very helpful and pleasant. He gave us great advice about the places we were inquiring about ( eating,music,sightseeing). The room was pretty good as we had the King Junior suite, Bathrooms are very small, not much room around the sink to place anything. Beds Are very very comfortable. Walls are very thin, you can hear everything, as we were next to the staircase and could hear everyone going up and down the stairs. If you stay hear I would not recommend staying on the West side of the Hotel, there are trucks loading in the Alley beside you at 7A.M and they are there for most of the morning, but there is an alley on the East side to but it is a through lane so it might not be so bad. Internet was free and worked very well. Continental breakfast was excellent and free, parking was behind the building and looked pretty safe. Staff could not have been any nicer. No hairdryer or microwave, TVs work great. Elevator is small and hallways have a funny smell. But overall I would stay here again and would recommend it as long as you know this is what this hotel offers.	
Jul 19 2009 	Comfortable reasonably priced and in a great neighborhood	We just returned from a three-night stay at The Willows Hotel and found it to be very pleasant. It's clean, the staff is thoughtful, and the Lakeview East neighborhood is a joy and easy base for a stay in Chicago. We had an executive king room and my only complaint about our room is its loud air conditioner. It kept me awake for much of the first night. We later ran it only during the daytime when we were gone. When we returned, we turned off the air conditioner and turned on the big overhead fan. That worked well but the weather was cooler than normal during our stay in Chicago. I don't know if that method would work in a heat wave. Nonetheless, we'd stay here again.	
Jan 29 2009 	A real gem	Wonderful hotel in a great part of Chicago - very quiet street and a short walk from some great bars and restaurants and it is only a 5/10 minute drive to downdown Chicago. The restuarants are also much better value in this neighbourhood than downtown. The staff were wonderul and always willing to help. The rooms of very high standard and extremely comfortable. They do a very simple buffet breakfast - nothing special but was included in the price. You can take your breakfast up to your room - which is quite helpful as the space and seating in reception is not really geared up for eating breakfast. They also have tea and coffee on tap 24/7. This is a great hotel and really is home from home. I will certainly stay here again.	
Jan 6 2009 	Clean quiet place	This is a very clean and comfortable hotel. OUr room smelled like fresh laundry!! Beds were comfy and linens were luxurious. Lobby is very relaxing and well kept. Breakfast was more than satisfactory, hotel personnel were very friendly. It is in Lakeview / Lincoln Park area away from hustle and bustle of downtown. - I loved the location and there are plenty of places to shop and eat right in the neighborhood. I will stay here again..	
Dec 8 2008 	OK hotel	This is a nice cozy hotel in lincoln park suburbs of chicago.It has a old european style looks and style.the washroom was small and the bath tub drain was not opening so water was holding up in the tub.You can hear people walking up/down the stairs, as my room was just next to the staircase.	
