Jul 29 2009 	Excellent Midway Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for one night before an early morning flight out of Chicago.Initially we went to the Holiday Inn Express that was in the same hotel complex. I think I had accidently read the reviews for the Express prior to coming, so I was pleasantly surprised when we got to the right hotel. It is new hotel, with nice facilities, nice large flat screen, and comfortable beds.Side note to this story, I booked the hotel through bidding on priceline. The receptionist was very nice while checking us in. I inquired about the cost of leaving our car in the hotel lot during our weekend trip. She told me that it would be $10/day. I decided to talk to over with my husband, only because there our a few slightly less expensive parking options. The next morning, I went to the receptionist to say we were interested in leaving our car. She said there was a promotion going on for anyone who stayed at the hotel and that it would be free. Not sure if the promotion wasn’t supposed to also be with priceline purchases, but it worked for us and we happily saved $50 on parking. Food wise, there are tons of nearby restaurants. TGIF was next to the hotel. When checking in, the receptionist gave us a menu for Giordano’s Pizza which was nearby. They delivered to our room about an hour after ordering. The pizza is great; I just wish that we had eaten at the actual restaurant, as the pizza was really messy to eat in the room. The shuttle came every 20 minutes, was prompt, clean, and the drivers were friendly. The hotel is right next to the airport (no noise problems) so the shuttle takes less than 10 minutes to get to the airport, even with the other stops.Overall, the experience was excellent; this hotel will be our future choice when we are staying at Midway.	
Jun 23 2009 	I'm impress in Holiday Inn enjoyable Stay	We had a great one night stay here and the hotel really impressed me. For a H Inn it was upscale, clean and fairly brand new. Flat screen TV in rooms, nice staff, and a great little bar on the main floor. The only thing I'll mention is that the shuttles at the airport, we found out, is shared between 6 or 7 of the surrounding hotels so plan accordingly. If you want to get to the airport you will be waiting on other guest at the other hotels as well. Overall it was a great stay and a nice hotel	
Jun 5 2009 	Park and Fly Can't Be Beat	We used the Holiday Inn to park our car while we flew to California. It worked out very well. This hotel is in a complex of hotels on Cicero just south of Midway Airport. They share a shuttle service, and it works out very well. Departures are scheduled every 30 minutes, sometimes more. Pick-ups are more frequent than that, outside the baggage claim.There is a fairly typical sports bar off the lobby which serves pretty good food. The crowd is a mix of business happy hour and hotel guests. We felt comfortable with our 5 year old and 10 year old having dinner there. Same atmosphere you'd find at a Chili's or a BW3.Park and Fly Package was a great value! When we compare it to discount parking at Midway, it was like we got a hotel room for $49. It takes a lot of the stress out of your departure flight morning, too.	
May 4 2009 	Helpful staff pleasant stay!!!	I stayed at the Holiday Inn Midway in April because a friend and I were checking out Chicago as we may be moving there, and it was a totally enjoyable experience! We were picked up at the airport by the hotel's shuttle, which comes literally every 10 minutes, and then were greeted by helpful and cheerful staff who were smiling and willing to assist us throughout the whole stay! The rooms are quiet, clean, and modern, and the whole hotel environment is very pleasant and up to date. It was a delightful stay overall, and we really appreciated the friendliness of the staff and the shuttle drivers! DEFINITELY stay here!	
Feb 23 2009 	Very nice hotel close to the airport.	I've stayed at this hotel on 3 separate occasions in the past month and I went out of my way a little to stay here the last time I was in Chicago on business. This is a new hotel, the rooms are very clean, staff very friendly and helpful. Nice restaurant and bar downstairs. Despite being very close to Midway airport the rooms are quite (no airport noise). One small concern, the hotel staff seem a little confused weather or not to charge for parking. The hotel website states that parking is $15.00 per night. I told the check in staff on all three occasions that I have a car but I was only charge for parking on my last stay. In any event, this hotel has made it on to my favorites list.	
Feb 17 2009 	They Found My Diamond Earrings!!	I stayed here over Valentines weekend and to my DISMAY lost a pair of diamond earrings. Once I called downstairs to report them missing, they immediately began to find out where they were. The security guy decided to check the vaccuum cleaner (thinking they may have fell off the counter) and he FOUND ONE OF THE EARRINGS!! He then continued to look through the vacuum and when he didn't find the second one, he looked through the trash and found the SECOND EARRING! The backs were a little bent up so the manager then came out and told me that they would pay for diamond's to be reset.Besides the wonderful customer service by the front desk and security, the hotel is absolutely beautiful!	
Feb 10 2009 	This place is awesome! Can't believe it's a Holiday Inn!!	This place is BEAUTIFUL! Brand new rooms, gorgeous decor...I had to check again to make sure it was a Holiday Inn. I travel about 9 months out of the year, all over the world, and quite frankly...this is one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in. It is in a complex with 6 or so other properties (Hilton Garden Inn, Hampton, Marriott, Courtyard, Holiday Inn Express, Residence Inn and a Sleep Inn) They all look brand new. This room has beautiful linens, dark wood decor, flat panel tv, HS internet, etc. It truly looks like a much more expensive property. The restaurant, Coaches, was very nice as well. The Cobb salad was loaded with blue cheese, bacon, a grilled chicken breast, etc. So big I had to take 1/2 back to the room. All I can say is I am impressed! Only drawback is the area (right outside Midway Airport) but you can jump on the shuttle back to the airport and take the Orange line into the city (which I plan to do tomorrow night) if you want some nightlilfe, etc. but I have a big day tomorrow so it was nice to have an awesome room to relax in to prepare for my meeting. There are also two other restaurants in the complex (Dempsey's at the Marriott and a TGI Friday's) so there are some choices if you are here for a short stay and need to be close to Midway. From the looks of the other hotels, I would imagine they are all very nice, but this is one extremely nice Holiday Inn. Great staff too! Wish I had brought my camera because I would really like to copy this decor for my bedroom at home.	
Dec 16 2008 	good stay for travel at mdw	Brand new property. Clean neat and efficient. Friendly staff. I liked the off-lobby restaurant w bar. Nice pool area indoors w nice work-out room. Great menu at the restaurant and a good beer selection. I appreciate being able to stay and eat on site with out having to &quot;taxi&quot; around.	
