Nov 15 2009 	Exactly what we were looking for	We ended up at Hotel 71 after a Hotels .com search for downtown Chicago hotels close to the magnificent mile.The price was right and were were surprised with an unexpected upgrade to an Executive Deluxe. The newly renovated room was lovely, the view spectacular, and the ease of walking around to where we wanted to go was exactly what we were hoping for and more. Michael and Kareem were wonderfully welcoming and the only thing I would change is to forego the valet parking and just park the car for the weekend. We never drove anywhere!Walked the mile and then over a few blocks to Fado's Irish Pub.. authentically fun atmosphere, cold beer and excellent appetizers while we watched the football games.That night we walked- literally- one block over the bridge to eat dinner at Smith and Wollensky . We had a river view window table, excellent service and the best Steak Oscar I have ever tasted.We'll definitely be back to Hotel 71	
Nov 9 2009 	Horrible Service...	I feel like I need to write a review where I have stayed in the past year, due to the fact that I have been utilizing trip advisor for all of my hotel stays. (great product!) However, this hotel was extremely disappointing. The room was very nice and the location was great. However, I stayed here for Valentines day and the service was a disappointment. When we pulled up to vallet the car the bellhop informed us the lot was full and we will not be able to park at the hotel, (what???). Therefore we had to self park at a sketchy parking area near the hotel inbetween two huge building and lug our suitcases by ourselves to our room. Not the kind of service I would anticipate from an upscale property. Then we had to wait for the front desk to 'figure' out how their schedules were going to work and who was going to check in who prior to checking in - again horrible service. I would recommend staying away from this property if you expect top notch service. There are too many other properties you can stay at downtown Chicago for the price.	
Nov 8 2009 	Comfortable room great service was perfect for my trip.	The Hotel 71 in Chicago is very well positioned near Wrigley Tower and on the River at Wabash street. It was easy walk to everywhere I needed to be. The room was clean, comfortable, and spacious. Bed was comfortable, and the heating and cooling system worked well. The bathroom was clean, shower was good with plenty of pressure. In room coffee was tasty, and the desk and wifi were a nice touch. The view of the river was great! As an added bonus, the windows open, so a little fresh air was a welcome thing, as the room did have the odor of smoke. (Hotel was full due to conventions in town. I was not able to get a non-smoking room) Overall the room was nice, however I do believe it had not been refurbished in a while. There was shoddy repair work from the removal of the in bathroom hairdryer, and some wallpaper was peeling. Once again, minor issues, but hopefully that will be rectified soon. Elevators were swift, and the doormen and front desk staff were very friendly, quick with several recommendations, and very attentive to any extra needs. It will be better when the full restaurant is back opened, instead of the bar area being only option. The Hotel 71 does get kudos for a good breakfast selection for grab and go!The modern design of the hotel is a nice break from the chains, and I found the lobby area inviting and comfortable. It was a good area to sit and read the paper, and watch the comings and goings as I waited for other members of my party. I will definitely stay at the Hotel 71 in Chicago again, should business take me there again! I would also use it for a pleasure trip, as it is in a good location.	
Nov 3 2009 	Buyer Beware - Not as great as the lobby seems.	I did a TON of research before we went to Chicago for the weekend about hotels and where to stay in the city. This place had great reviews across the board so we tried it out. Unfortunately - that's the best part of this review.I called to make a reservation over the phone b/c i found a package online for a weekend away - where you get two nights with some other stuff included and 30% off one of the nights. I called b/c I wanted to be SURE that's the way the offer was. The girl assured me it was and proceeded to book me. However, once i got my email confirmation, she booked me on the wrong day. The cost was cheaper on that weekend but it was the wrong weekend. The reason i caught the incorrect booking is because they charged my credit card for a late fee since the weekend was in the past! Um HELLO! I tried to call and change the reservation and find out why they had charged my card and was put on hold for 15 minutes. I was pissed and hung up. Had my boyfriend call back b/c i would have been mean to them and he's way nice on the phone. He called up to change the reservation and they didn't apologize but booked it on the correct weekend. The price had gone up as well! We were leaving in two days so we decided to deal with it in person once we got to the hotel. When we arrived - the lobby was pretty cool but once we got to our room, it was nice but it certainly wasn't worth the price we paid for it. There was a HUGE crack in the tub and everything looked a bit rundown. No so happy about that.Once we were leaving and going to pay - the price was different than what i was quoted a few different times. It was different from the second email confirmation i received as well. Also, i we hadn't be charged for the 30% off the second night that i had SPECIFICALLY asked about over the phone. I asked the guy at the front desk who wasn't so hot to help me out either. Come on dude! I bet you were the one who put me on hold for 15 minutes! at least take my number down and call me back. I've worked in a serious industry and this is not the way to treat a customer. After questioning the bill again he brought up the offer online and proceeded to tell me that it was 30% off a second ROOM not a night. so freaking confusing. I was pissed but whatever. I just wanted to go home at this point. I will NOT be staying here again.This should be a BUYER BEWARE if you're going to be staying here.	
Nov 1 2009 	Great Location	This hotel was in a great location very close to the shopping on Michigan Avenue, Millenium Park, public transport and the river. The room I was in just had a view of the buildings surrounding us but luckily I wasn't in Chicago to look out the window. The room itself was quite spacious with two double beds, a desk with chair and a comfy chair with an ottoman. The bathroom was a good size also. I didn't notice any restaurants in the hotel but there is a great restaurant just around the corner that serves a pretty good breakfast and lunch. I think its called the Corner Bakery. Previous reviews mentioned elevator problems but I had absolutely no problems at all with them. They ran pretty good and I never had a long wait. If I was going to back to Chicago I would stay here again.	
Oct 26 2009 	Awesome Hotel Loved Hotel 71	Husband and I stayed in the premier king river view room was just awesome. The room was just gorgeous. Very clean and roomy, bathroom was huge and even had a tv in it not kidding was great. The shower had a rainforest shower head with room to spare big enough for 4. Lovely bathroom was huge. The view from the room was just amazing. The front desk was very helpful with any questions that we had. The doorman was very helpful as well always right there if you needed anything. Hotel 71 was close to all attractions we walked everywhere and felt safe no problems at all. Could not say enough about this hotel not sure about the standard rooms but ours was just beautiful even the hallways were very clean and well decorated. Also try Dicks last resort which is right across the river, atmosphere was just so much fun we had lots of laughs there the servers were just hillarious and food was good. Dicks is right on the river so the view again was great. This was our first time to Chicago and we had a blast. We would definetly go back again and stay at Hotel 71 not a bad thing about this hotel. Loved Hotel 71.	
Oct 24 2009 	A delight in the city	My wife and I stayed here for a long weekend. I was in fear when we were told at check in that the hotel oversold our room type. The desk clerk, Mike, quickly commented that this was their fault and he would have to make it right. We were upgraded to an executive suite. This was a huge two room suite. It spanned to both sides of the hotel. We were able to have a great city view on one side and an even better view of the river and lake on the other. The hotel is very conveniently located; right across the street from the River Walk and just two blocks from the CTA trains. We took the train rather than the $40 - 50 cab ride. We were glad we did. $2.50 each and about 30 minutes took us from the airport to the hotel, no traffic and more $ for the city.The hotel was clean, staff friendly, in the midst of great restaurants and all around wonderful. We had never been to Chicago and had a great time. Hotel 71 was a wonderful experience. Make sure you take an architectual river tour or you will miss some real gems in this city.	
Oct 12 2009 	Unorganized unfriendly staff	Had romantic, Valentine's package that was completely messed up. Scheduled to have rose petals and champagne in room and the hotel didn't do at scheduled time. They claimed someone was in the room showering, when we were clearly out of the hotel at dinner reservation. The staff was snobby and didn't believe me. They snapped at me on the phone. Parking cost was extortion. Rooms were very night and the bathroom was fantastic, but not sure these amenities are worth the nasty customer service.	
Oct 11 2009 	Great girls weekend stay	Weekend girls getaway - large room with 2 queens was perfect. Big bathroom and closets, plenty of floor space and great location. The staff could not have been nicer and they accomodated both a very early checkin and a delayed checkout. This will be the 1st choice for the next trip to Chicago and also 1st recommended to any who ask.	
Oct 8 2009 	Would definitely stay at Hotel 71 again	Hotel 71 was conveniently located within 1-2 blocks of Michigan Avenue, other attractions, and restaurants. We had a beautiful view of the city from our room overlooking the river. Beds were comfortable. Room decor was pleasant. Hotel staff were helpful and courteous. I accidentally left behind some personal items and the housekeeping staff was instrumental in getting it returned to me. This was my first visit to Chicago and staying at Hotel 71 definitely made it memorable. The only drawback I can think of is that one of the elevators was not working. I recall seeing this complaint in other reviews and wonder if this is a permanent problem. The wait for the working elevators was very slow. That part was frustrating, but I wouldn't let it keep me from staying there again.	
Oct 8 2009 	Perfect place to stay	Hotel 71 is the perfect place to stay when you want to be in the middle of all attractions. Nice big rooms, very clean, excellent Italien Restaurant next door, Coffee Place around the corner. Everything in walking distance. And we made an excellent deal to get a room with the perfect view.	
Oct 8 2009 	We will definitely be going back!	What an amazing find! Our room was amazing - awesome view of the river and in a prime location. I only hope the rates stay as competitive as we found for our stay here in July 2009.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great Hotel Great Location Awesome Trip!!!	We stayed at Hotel 71 for 3 nights and we couldnt be happier. I chose this hotel after reading plenty of good reviews on tripadvisor, and they were right! We upgraded our room to the Premier King/River-view based on reviews I read and it was the right choice. The view from our room was beautiful, looking right down the Chicago River, definitely worth the $. The rooms were big, definitely plenty of space with lots of drawers, big closet, and bathroom. Loved the amenities like free wifi, TVs in room and bathroom, rain shower, fridge(on request) and doorbell for the room! The hotel is modern and very clean(I'm usually picky when it comes to that). The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel is an excellent location and to go to any of the sightseeing activities was an $8 cab ride at the most. We went to pretty much every tourist attraction during our trip and I dont want to write too much on here about which are worth it and which ones aren't but definitely go on the River and Lake Boat Tour(90 mins), its right across the street and it was fantastic. There are several companies to choose from but we went on the Wendella for the night ride($23/person), its worth it.Overall I don't have one bad thing to say about this hotel, except maybe that if you have a car its a bit expensive for parking($43/night) so we did what another reviewer recommended, and parked in the Millennium Park Garage($24/night) about 3 blocks away. We didnt need the Jeep during our stay since we were right in the middle and close to everything, we either walked or took a cab. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Chicago!!	
Sep 30 2009 	Great Location Great People	Hard to find much of anything to complain about here. The desk staff was incredibly helpful and pleasant, always greeting us as we returned to the hotel. Just had new carpet installed in the main lobby, which despite the &quot;new carpet smell&quot;, was nice to see that they refresh the place a bit. Rooms were adequate, clean and well maintained. This isn't a luxury hotel, but in a luxury location that really can't be beat! If you're expecting something fancy, this isn't it. But if you're looking for a nice, clean room where you mostly intend to relax and sleep after a day of exploring the city, this is the place. Elevators were indeed slow at busier times. There are only 4 elevators, 2 serving the lower floors, 2 serving the upper floors. They were lightning fast once you got on, the only slowness was the wait occasionally, but never was more than 3-4 minutes for us. Not enough to frustrate us.	
Sep 28 2009 	Very Friendly Staff	The staff are very friendly. The location is perfect for walking to all Chicago has to offer. The rooms are bright and clean. There is a great bakery 2 doors down. Great pizza next door. Only thing negative the hotel needs to be freshened up a bit.	
Sep 23 2009 	Nice Hotel Poor Customer Service	We were very pleased with our room. We booked through Perfect Escapes and got a free room upgrade to a remodeled room with a view of the river. When we checked in we were told we had a late checkout as part of our package and to call and tell them what time we wanted to checkout . When we called we were told late checkout was 1:00 and we would be charged $70 if we checked out later. I asked that they please tell people when they check in if there is a specific late checkout time and received a blank look from both the staff and manager who were standing at the counter. Others in our party (we had 5 rooms total) had similar experiences with the staff – they just don’t seem to care. A simple smile and ‘ok I’ll pass that along’ was all I was looking for but apparently that was not part of the package. Nice hotel, good location but it’s hard to get excited about a hotel when they treat customers with such disdain.	
Sep 23 2009 	Amazing view 	The two of us stayed 4 nights for a first-time trip to Chicago and found Hotel 71 to be perfect for what we needed. If you can afford the upgrade, definitely book the Premium/River View level rooms. The riverside views from this hotel are beyond excellent, something you would expect to pay at least $400 a night for and we paid less than $200 through hotels.com. The Premium rooms are on the lower floors, but they are very nicely upgraded, spacious and cozily furnished. Bathrooms have marble, separate tub/shower and dual vanities. Our room was missing the mini-fridge and microwave that the description said would be there, but one phone call to the front desk and both were quickly brought up by the very friendly housekeeping. All of the staff is professional, friendly and non-obtrusive. Our room was spotlessly clean everyday. We also did not notice any noise from the rooms around us. We had zero trouble with the elevators and they came quickly every time. Located at Michigan/Wacker the hotel is two blocks from every train line and many major bus routes. In my opinion, I couldn't have chosen a better hotel, but that said, some travelers may not like a few things. This is not the hotel if you like a lavish restaurant, lobby, and having your hand-held by a concierge. There is an excellent Corner Bakery Cafe next door for breakfast, but only a tiny hotel restaurant. The staff is efficient and mostly invisible (my favorite), but if you want to be greeted a lot . . .you won't be. Perhaps most importantly, you really should request a room away from the elevators, they are older and creaky and you will hear them if your room is close by. Ice is not on every floor, but is easy and generous (extra buckets are stored by the machine). There may be some street noise, but you are in the absolute heart of an enormous city and should expect it. . . bring earplugs.I have traveled quite a bit and think this hotel is actually underrated and nicer than many trendier more expensive places have been, and I've also never had a better location and view for a first trip to a city. We really enjoyed our trip to Chicago and Hotel 71 was a big part of what was good about it.	
Sep 22 2009 	Location price staff this place is the real deal!	I stayed here to help celebrate my 40th with my sisters. It is in the heart of the hospitality center of the city and it was perfect! The location cannot be beat- river view, the staff acted like old friends, and the price could not be beat. The service in the hotel was fast, exceedingly friendly and perfect! I will be staying here again on my next visit! Plus the linens, shower and seperate bath- was such a treat- nothing like I would have at home!	
Sep 10 2009 	exactly what we wanted!	great location, great price on rooms via expediabig roomhelpful and friendly staff	
Aug 30 2009 	Excellent location and spacious rooms	I stayed for 6 nights at Hotel 71 for a conference. I would strongly recommend staying in a &quot;river view&quot; room. They have the best view of Chicago for a very convenient price! It is in the heart of the city and close to many places. But if you are looking for luxury and entertainment in the hotel (SPA, swimming pool, etc.), this might not be the ideal hotel. Yet if you want to discover Chicago and are looking for a comfortable place to stay, that is THE hotel you should go. I think my room was about 40-50 m2 and I had a King size bed! Breakfast is not included, but just on the corner there is a very nice place for both breakfast and lunch. If I go to Chicago again, I would definitely stay there!	
Aug 23 2009 	Beautiful hotel beautiful views great location	My boyfriend and I have stayed in this hotel in several different rooms, the first room was a suite and it was fabulous, the second was one of the more expensive rooms with the most beautiful bathroom, very clean and very spacious. The third stay was just a regular room, and it was still very nice and spacious and clean, overall a great hotel to stay in no matter what your budget. There are also a handful of wonderful restaurants within walking distance, and the views from the hotel are beautiful as it looks over the river and other gorgeous buildings. It is near Michigan Ave. so great shopping is within walking distance as well.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great place	I would go back in the future. There was nice staff and very helpful. Very friendly.	
Aug 9 2009 	Good location and value	The view is breathtaking, and just a stone's throw from Michigan avenue. The room was very large, and so was the bathroom, which was very pleasant. Good value for money, I would return there without hesitating.	
Aug 2 2009 	Great views	Booked this hotel thru EasyClick.com. Asked for a river view room and was given one on the 32nd floor. The river views are fantastic. Also looked directly on Trump Tower, Wrigley Building and could see John Hancock. The room was clean and neat. The bed was very comfortable. Had an older tv, but was not there to watch tv. A window that opens was a plus for me. Nice to be able to do that and hear the sounds of the city.Unfortunately, as others have stated, there were elevator issues again. The first day, they were fine but after that, one elevator and long waits. My major complaint was the loud banging that happened both nights at 1 a.m. Not sure where it came from. Also, housecleaning staff would let the door to linen closet slam shut. Minor annoyance, but still annoying.	
Aug 2 2009 	Most other reviews of this hotel are fair...	I believe the previous reviews on this hotel are mostly fair. The rooms could be updated, there is usually a wait for the elevators (especially during check-in and check-out periods), there are not safes in the rooms, and there are no vending machines even though room service ends around 11:00 pm.However, the rooms are quite spacious, and as long as you have a room on the north side of the building, you will have a fantastic view of the Chicago River. We did run into a couple problems. Our hairdryer and room phone did not work, but the staff was quick to resolve the problem. The pillows on the bed were also the right balance between soft and firm.The location of the hotel is just right for all those visitors who would like to be within walking distance of major attractions (e.g., Navy Pier, Art Institute, Millennium Park, John Hancock building, etc.) and of public transportation.	
Jul 31 2009 	Great Location and Wonderful Hotel Experience	Hotel 71 was ideally located just off Michigan Ave and located near many great Chicago attractions. The hotel was vey clean and our room, with two queen beds was very spacious with a great view of the Chicago River. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Jul 29 2009 	GREAT view location value - fun room	We stayed at Hotel 71 in May 2009 and booked the least expensive room because of a fantastic promo rate direct from their website. I was expecting just a small, kind of boring, but conveniently located room. I was also a little concerned about some of the poor reviews.We were VERY spleasantly surprised!We got a &quot;back&quot; view room&quot; but it was on the outside corner of the 26th floor so it had huge windows on 2 sides and you could see the river. I don't think the other &quot;back rooms&quot; would have this spectacular view.Very sunny, pleasant, and decorated kind of funky - different than most boring chains. It had obvioulsy just been decorated.Close to Millenium Park, and the River Architectual tour was a block away. (highly recommend) We also took the architectual walking tour around the area. (it's FREE! -they won't even accept tips! highly recommend)We took the Amtrak to Chicago - it's a pleasant 15+ min walk or a $7-$8 cab ride.I think some of the reviews must have been written before the renovation was completed, because when we stayed, all elevators were working and everything seemed fine.Not a lot of nightlife directly in the area, but cabs were inexpensive and the staff was helpful getting cabs, and directing to public transport, etc.We didn't have time for the fitness center, but did look at it - it was on the top floor (great view) and might inspire you to actually use it.No restaurant in hotel, but a good breakfast place next door.I would definately stay there again!	
Jul 26 2009 	Went through all my things and the worst hotel ever!	Never stay here if you want your privacy and belongs to be safe.We went to lunch and came back to have been locked out of our room.Someone had come into our room, packed all our clothes in a crumbled mess, and touched our clean underware to place our things into another room with duck tape on the windows, and no tub or upgrades, and already had another family checked into our nicer room without our knowledge or permission.We felt completed disregarded and disrespected for having a discounted room rate.We were only entitled to the worst room in house since they were sold out, and refered to some inkeepers law, saying they did it all the time.We felt completely violated that they some stranger had handled all our new purchases, and clean clothes, and threw our shoes in bags with our night clothes.Don't ever stay here!!!!!It was a nightmare, and they talked down to us, and were rude and horrible!The rooms are dirty, and moldy, and the shower had water above our ankles.Don't let the new lobby fool you.They are young and arogant, and completely unprofessional in their services.I am horrified by the experience, and my handbag was still in the room with the new occupants enjoying our view and room.If it is the last hotel in Chicago, go north, but don't stay in this scary place!Just beware.	
Jul 24 2009 	Not what we booked	Room was not as booked or advertised. Worst part was that the manager was not helpful at all.	
Jul 21 2009 	Pros outweigh the cons	This hotel is in a fantastic location for sightseeing in Chicago - easy walking distance to many attractions and several subway stops. Our room was updated and very spacious. We lucked out with a corner room on the 16th floor overlooking the river. Needless to say, the view was wonderful. The housekeeping staff were some of the friendliest and most helpful people I've encountered. And best of all, we got a fantastic rate.Thankfully the good things were remarkably good, because the two negatives were very frustrating. First, I'm sad to say that the elevator issues that were previously noted in reviews and then noted as gone are back. They were down to one elevator and it's slow as molasses. It was so slow, the helpful cleaning staff would offer to take me up/down in their service elevator instead. The worst for us was the front desk staff. We specifically reserved a room with 2 queen beds since we were 3 girlfriends traveling together. Not only did they not honor our booking as more than a request, but they didn't even acknowledge it - and I had a printout with it. They then offered our room type to the next two sets of guests who were checking in adjacent to us and tried to say that they weren't getting what we could hear them getting...like we couldn't see/hear the other representatives talking to the other guests?!? They made themselves look foolish and shady. Finally, after a bunch of clicking and conversing with 2 managers reviewing things, they miraculously found us the room type we should have had all along. They then proceeded to be snarky with the way they wished us a pleasant stay.Due to the mishap with the room reservation, I probably won't stay here again. But if you want a deal, this is a good value hotel. Then again, there are a lot of good deals at Chicago hotels these days so it's probably best not to chance issues with your reservations either.	
Jul 18 2009 	Not a luxury hotel	Stayed in Hotel 71 for six nights on a business trip. Our travel agent presented us several choices for accommodation and we picked this one based on the information and the photos on the hotel's website. Not a good choice, I was quite disappointed with the hotel.Location was good but not excellent, though right in the city center. View from the room was good but not spectacular. Room was ok but far from luxury. Lot of space but bit strangely and uncomfortably arranged. Bathroom was good size but the bath was tiny with sides only about 30 cm high so it was not possible to have a bath. Bed and pillow were clumby and to my great disappointement no duvet but sheets with wool blanket. Old tv with bad reception. No minibar, also really disappointing. Surprisingly quite a lot of noice from the street when staying high up, but more disturbing was the noise from the corridor and neighbouring rooms.Not a luxury boutique hotel, just basic American business hotel.	
Jul 10 2009 	Just fine if you're on a budget	My husband and I lived in Chicago for four years, so when we went back recently to visit friends for a weekend, we weren't concerned with getting a top-of-the-line hotel to experience the city from. We wanted a good location, a comfortable room, and that was about it. We found a great deal at Hotel 71 through Easyclicktravel.com and found that the TripAdvisor reviews we'd read about the hotel were fairly accurate.We checked in late on a Friday night due to a delayed flight. The man working the reception desk seemed a little spacey and first gave us a key to an occupied room--we went up there with our luggage and opened the door to find it chained and the TV on inside! We went back to the front desk to request a second room--this time we got a smoking room after we had requested nonsmoking. Finally, the 3rd room they gave us fit the bill. The chaos upon check-in is the one true complaint I have about Hotel 71.The room was clean and comfortable and a great deal for the price we paid. The tub in the bathroom did drain a bit slowly, but not enough to bother us. The staff were all kind and attentive and the location truly can't be beat. I think my husband summed it up best by saying that the Hotel 71 is a hotel that probably used to be really great, but has languished a bit over the years and could use a little TLC. For the price we paid, though (about $115 a night), we felt we got a great deal of value for our money.If you are planning your first trip to Chicago, though, I would recommend not going with the Hotel 71 just to save money--splurge on a nicer hotel in the same River North area and enjoy your experience in the city!	
Jul 9 2009 	great location - ok hotel	This hotel has a perfect location which means you can walk to most of Chicago's major attractions like Mag Mile, Navy Pier, Millennium Park, Loop, State Street. There are also subway stations close by to reach attractions more far away. From O'Hare airport we took the blue line subway to the downtown station Clark/Lake for $2.25 ea. and then had a 5 minute-walk to the hotel.The hotel itself is an older building which you can tell from the interior. There are old doors and old cabinets inside the rooms.The hotel offers little service, no ice, no restaurants, no vending machines. Still, the staff is very friendly, safes are available in the reception office and the rooms are clean, have TV, stereo, a clean bathroom. Another plus: Free Wi-Fi in the room.Rooms appaer a bit dark as they have dark rugs and furniture.We recommend the Corner Bakery next door for meals.We would stay again for location but not really because the hotel is so great.	
Jul 8 2009 	Staff nice but could use some touch-up repairs.	I have traveled to Chicago on many occasions. I decided to stay at a different area closer to Michigan Av. I chose Hotel 71. The staff was very nice. The out side and the hotel lobby was okay. But once I got to our room, i was kind of disappointed. the hotel room was not as nice as the picture that they showed. The room itself was clean but it was the little details that where not right. For instance, the tub and shower needed some work the shower handles and knobs where loose and out of place. The tub looked like it had been painted and the paint was wearing off. The old staines where coming through. Also when i wen to turn down the bed, there was no fitted mattress sheets on the bed they just took a regular sheet and covered the mattress with it. After the first night we got up early that morning and went out for the day . We did not return until about four o'clock that evening and our room had not yet been cleaned . Even though the staff was very nice, I was not impressed by this hotel.	
Jul 7 2009 	Absolutely perfect!!! Get it!!!	I booked my room on hotels.com for a very reasonable price. I got the 303 room. Lake view. It was absolutely amazing!! The room was spacious, very clean, trendy, had comfy bed and posibly one of the greatest view ive seen at night. I thought it might be noisy because it was next to the elevator but surprisingly it wasnt noisy at all. We definetely had some rest and slept like babies :). Our room also had a mini CD player which thought it was a plus. The location was great! We had the Wrigley Building, Mag Mile and Hancock observatory at a walking distance. Navy Pier it was also close, you can make it closer if you take the water taxi!!. The staff were friendly and always tried to help us. I just had an incident with my credit card. They charged me twice the parking cost even when my boyfriend payed them with cash at the moment of getting the car so i when i checked out the front desk guy gave me my receipt and of course i noticed it. Thanx Gosh i realized and they cancelled the double charge but this guy were so willing to help and give us the best service because of course it was a misundestanding. In a few words, you wont regret if you get this hotel. I can almost guarantee you that! and please note i didnt get paid to post this comment :) This hotel has almost everything except pool. I would be great though.Great hotel, great service, great location, great staff, great decor, great view, great cleanliness. My grade is 9/10.	
Jul 1 2009 	Fun Place to Stay for a Girl's Weekend	My girlfriends and I stayed at this hotel the night of June 27th for my birthday/girl's weekend. There was 6 of us total. I booked off of easyclicktravel.com and got a really good deal. We took the Amtrak and Union Station was not far from the hotel. The rooms were VERY spacious and clean. I also requested a connecting/adjoining room and we got that with no problems. We were also given an early check-in and upgraded to river view rooms when I only booked a city view room. The views from all of our windows was AWESOME! It was also nice that they opened. The location of this hotel was very nice also. It's about a 1 1/2blks from MI Ave. We also went to the The Roof which is a lounge bar at the Wit Hotel. It was walking distance. Some other bars that we went to, we had to take a cab but it was no more than $8 or so. As some other people mention it is also right around the corner from The Corner Bakery which has very good breakfast, but get there early cause it gets crowded (we went around 10a)My only complaint were the elevators. I had read about that in some of the reviews listed but I also read that the problem had been fixed...I couldn't tell. It wouldn't prevent me from staying here but it's just something to know.	
May 30 2009 	TOP HOTEL AND LOCATION	Harry Aylward, Portsmouth, UKWas apprehensive about staying here after reading reviews.All the negative review points have been actioned by the staff.No complaints on that at all.The location was perfect,right on the river ,10 mins walk to the lake and 5 mins from the magnificent mile for shops.Plenty of good eating places within 10 mins walk.Upgraded to a river view room and was well worth it.The room was large enough for a whole family of 6.Booked one month in advance on the internet and obtained a good discount.Would stay again if in Chicago.	
May 6 2009 	Great place.	Great location, very clean, and helpful staff. What more can I say?	
May 6 2009 	Modern and great location!	Staff was very helpful and friendly. The view was excellent and the location was right in the thick of Chicago! Rooms were large and comfortable. Free wireless internet. The only down side was parking at the hotel was $43/night! We ended up parking about three blocks away at Millennium Park garage for $25/night. Chicago traffic was bad, so if you are going to stay downtown, don't even bother with a car. This hotel was within walking distance to just about everything!	
Apr 8 2009 	top spot for leisure	After reading reviews on this site, I was curious to see the elevators in action but they took us to the 33rd floor (and back) in no time, all the time. Awesome view, friendly staff. There was no safe in the room, but at the front desk. I'd like them to start with the policy of only renewing towels that are put on the floor to offer choice. We had a great stay and would definitely recommend it. After all, design is in the eye of the beholder.	
Mar 27 2009 	Girls Weekend - - Loved Hotel 71!	We just had a girls weekend in Chicago March 20-22 and we stayed at Hotel 71. The location on East Wacker was perfect for shopping on Michigan Avenue and State Street. The rooms were huge and the views of the river were unbelievable. We had three rooms and the hotel accommodated us by giving us an adjoining room and another room next door on the 29th floor. We got a great rate from easyclickttravel.com of $134 a night and for that price it was a steal!	
Feb 28 2009 	Love it	I love this hotel, rooms are modern very stylish. Location is ok, staff was friendly.	
Feb 18 2009	Hotel 71 far exceeded my expectations	My reservation with Hotel 71 was obtained through priceline and we had 40+ people traveling with our group. Our group was a combination of both adults and small children and the hotel was great in accomodating both. The hotel rooms are beautifully decorated and extremely spacious. The views of the Chicago River are amazing from the hotel. Getting in/out of the hotel was very simple as the hotel offers valet parking with in/out privelages that is included in your nightly parking fee. From the time we checked in until the time we checked out every member of the hotel staff went above and beyond to ensure our stay was enjoyable. This ranged from trying to get all of our parties on the same floor or at least close by so that the kids could easily play in each other's rooms to the front desk employees &quot;chatting&quot; with the kids about their American Girl dolls and their excitement to visit the new store. The bellman and valet parking attendants ensured our cars were ready and waiting for us the second we walked out the door and jumped to help unload our items and get them to our room quickly when we returned from our excursions for the day. The maintenance staff helped us with a vending machine problem and because we were not able to get the machine to work he had breakfast delivered to our room for all of our troubles so that my daughter was able to get some food before she competed that day. Not only did he resolve the problem but he actually checked back with us later in the day to ensure that we received the breakfast and that everything was okay. As a guest, these gestures may be small but they meant a lot to us as it shows that the employees of Hotel 71 truly care for their guests and are willing to go the extra mile to ensure that their stay away from home is as comfortable and enjoyable as possible.	
Dec 1 2008 	Great Stay	Recently stayed at the Hotel 71 over Thanksgiving weekend during a visit to Chicago with my wife. Made our reservations through Hotwire, so got it at a discounted rate. Honestly was a bit apprehensive after some of the reviews, but it ended up being a great stay. They seem to have addressed the elevator issue that people have complained about (we never waited more than a minute or two for the elevator (we were on the 36th floor)). The room was clean and comfortable, although the bathroom fixtures could use some updating. The staff was polite and more than accomodating. The location was absolutely perfect. Literally a few minutes walk from many chicago attractions including the theater district, miracle mile, rush street and many of the museums and restaurants. My wife and I would absolutely stay here again without hestitation.	
Nov 7 2008 	Needs to get it done	I booked 20 rooms for a convention. The rooms were very nice in my opinion. Not a bad view from any of them. However . . . they need to get the elevators fixed and finish renovating the restaurant. We were lucky to be near so many restaurants and bars within walking distance. I had booked this hotel early in the year and didn't know at the time there was no restaurant. I was embarrassed learning this. The last night there a man in the elevator told me the elevators were not working a year ago and the restaurant and bar we also being renovated then. For this to be on my list ever again. They need to finish it.	
Nov 5 2008 	No sleep etc.	I got &quot;upgraded&quot; to a remodeled room, #1601. Right next to the elevator, and the noises kept me up all night (and usually I have no trouble sleeping). Internet amazingly slow to the point of being unworkable. No ethernet cable to back up the wireless access. Very poor entertainment options. Colleague found a dirty sock under her bed, also found internet access unworkable, had a dripping faucet, and had a used bar of soap in her bathroom- Yech.I stayed here last year and it was ok, but I'm not going back.	
Oct 22 2008 	Can only recommend it!	We stayed at the 71 for the Chicago marathon from Oct. 9-15 in 2008. We booked online through lastminute.com already in February and received a really good rate considering the period - marathon times are always crazy. They upgraded us to a riverview room in the 28th floor, gorgeous views. Location is ideal, close to magnificent mile, Navy Pier and downtown - all in walking distance. You can tell from the bathtub and the wallpaper that it's not a new hotel, but the rooms are really big and very nice. Staff is ok although not over-friendly. There's no restaurant at all, they have roomservice and a very good corner bakery cafe right next to the hotel, very convenient for breakfast.Only downside are the elevators - from the 2 going up to our floor only one was working for the entire period, and this one got stuck on the last day of our stay, which meant everybody had to take the service elevator.	
Oct 18 2008 	Needs to be redone	I booked the hotel on Hotwire-3 and a half stars at 189 a night. All of the reviews are right. The carpet of the lobby is absolutely filthy gross. Elevators are bizarre and you do have to wait. The hallways reek of some kind of fragrance to cover up some major stale smell. The rooms are beat up. Furniture in rooms looks like people have bashed their suitcases into it for about 6 years. The paint is peeling off and the carpeting, albeit new, looks like it was the cheapest option possible. This is certainly NOT a three and a half star. I even wrote to Hotwire asking them to rethink offering this hotel to customers. It is depressing, weird and absolutely not kept up! Stay somewhere else!	
Sep 21 2008 	Disappointed with Hotel71	Only one elevator operated to service the upper floors. The service elevator was offered as an alternative, but often the wait time was ten minutes or even longer. The housekeeping staff was inconsistent on leaving sufficent towels, etc. I will not stay here again.	
Sep 14 2008 	would stay again	labor day weekend, great weekendI really liked this place, there were a few minor amenities that I am used to. The hotel is still going through renovations but were halted at the time I was there. The elevator was only a small problem, you're on vacation why rush. I liked my room would even stay in the same room but.... the 2 wastebaskets were too small, over filled everyday, tub too small, luckily there were no large people in my room. Ice on only 2 floors 1 had ice, 1 had no buckets. No yellow pages/hotel directory and some staff were not familiar with the area however pleasant. No refrigerator as indicated on website never did find the free shuttle across the street.	
Sep 13 2008 	Good Location thats it!	We booked this through Priceline so we weren't expecting a true 4 Star Hotel. Upon check-in, we were told the only room available was a big suite. Of course we were thrilled. the room took up an entire side of the hotel. It had a huge 12 seat conference table (there were only 2 of us!). The fllor was unlevel, the room smelled like mold, the sheets had cigarette burns and the room was just weird. You seriously could have fit three average size rooms in that one huge room. The WORST part about this place was the elevator system. We complained about it and were told to use the service lift which was always crowded. Only one of the three other elevators was working. The best part was the location and the view. We were within walking distance to anything downtown and in the theatre district. The hotel did have a modest little work-out room but it was creepy and dark. No Pool. The staff was courteous but they could only do so much given the lack of serious renovation needed at this hotel. overall, we got what we paid for (Priceline).	
Aug 28 2008 	Very good experience	I have to say, having read some of the reviews about Hotel 71 I was more than a little apprehensive about staying here - I am happy to say I was pleasantly surprised.We booked it through expedia and got a great price for a river view room.Check in was quick and courteous, and the service was attentive and friendly throughout the entire stay. The location is spectacular, right on the river on Whacker Drive, a short walk to the centre of the loop, and the lake. Our very large room on the 31st floor had views from huge windows all the way up the Chicago river.We never had to wait very long for an elevator as some other reviews have mentioned - perhaps I was lucky, but it seemed to me that the hotel has overcome lift congestion by clustering guests on the same floors.The hotel does not have a restaurant, but it's in close proximity to many restaurants and eateries, and for late night dining they have menus at reception for restaurants who will deliver 24hrs. We chose not to have breakfast in the room, but the cafe downstairs next door served and excellent breakfast.Over all it was an enjoyable experience at a very reasonable price. I would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great Location	Great location and nice room! The elevators were very sketchy though. And the hotel fire alarm went off during my stay (not a pleasant feeling knowing how narrow the stairwells were. Several times I had to take the elevator to floor below me and walk up one floor each time so as not to stand in line waiting for the rickedy old elevators)!	
Aug 15 2008 	Loved the River View	We have only praise for Hotel 71. Our room (1015) was huge and beautifully decorated with an amazing view of the Chicago River. The restaurant is not open yet, but there are hundreds of great restaurants within a short walk. (We picked up a few things at the corner store for breakfasts in our room -- has coffee maker, frig, microwave). The staff was friendly and helpful. We had read the mixed reviews, but our travel agent got us an unbelievable rate so we went for it. We loved the hotel and would definitely stay here again.	
Aug 12 2008	Good location room fine everything else poor	As the other reviews state, the location is excellent and if you can get a good price then the inconveniences may not matter. However, DO NOT use the phone on any account or you will lose all the savings you have just made. Also, don't expect to sleep in, as housekeeping knock on all the doors between 8 and 8.30 - there is no Do not Disturb sign.The elevators break down frequently and are often too full to get in. You can hear them speeding past your floor without stopping, even though you have called them.Internet access in the business centre is intermittent. Computers did not have adequate virus protection so every time somebody downloaded something they froze up. There is no breakfast room and nowhere like a lounge to sit at all (except a sofa in the lobby). In summer it is not a problem to go to the cafe along the street, but in winter it might be different. Yes, decor is rather sombre, bathtubs strangely flimsy and hot water temperamental.We did not discover there was room service till the last day, as there was nothing to indicate it in the room - no menu or leaflet - In fact, there was not even the usual booklet of hotel services you generally get in hotel rooms. A friend who called us was told the hotel had no record of us - we had prepaid for a week!One day we had clean towels in the morning and they mysteriously disappeared during the day.Phone charges are truly outrageous. The desk clerk told us it cost $27 to pick up the phone for an international call, without actually using any time, and $10 likewise to New York. You could spend hundreds of dollars before finding this out. There is no information about it in the room.We had an excellent trip and would have considered the hotel on balance a fair buy if we had not been royally ripped off on the phone charges at the last minute.	
Aug 11 2008 	Loved the River View	I just got back from Chicago. I went with 4 other ladies and we booked our trip as a package, airfare and Hotel 71. I did not book the room and read the reviews a few weeks before we left on the trip. I must say I was really concerned about it because the hotel had so many pros and cons, and I really was expecting the worst&quot;&quot;&quot; and was pleasantly surprised. True the elevators are a little slow and the restaurant is closed but these are minor things. The river view is fabulous and the hotel is right in the heart of things. There is a neat little restaurant located right next door where we had breakfast and dinner once, and it was really good. There is also a Corner Bakery where you can pick up coffee and breakfast rolls and sit inside or out to enjoy the view. The beds were really comfortable and the rooms were huge.Staff was really nice, and the bellmen are extremely helpful.Sure the bath towels are a little thin but who cares?? The price is good and like I said we enjoyed the stay. Chicago is Fabulous, we had a wonderful time and definitely want to return sometime in the future. I would say that for the money this place is definitely above average.	
Aug 10 2008 	No Regrets	Loved the hotel. Great room and impressive bathroom. No problems with elevators, maybe it was the midweek stay. They do have blackout drapes, you just have to look closely.The staff was very friendly and helpful. My friend's sandal ripped in the elevator and was reimbursed for a new pair. Only comment -it would have been nice if they served a little breakfast. However, the Corner Bakery is 2 doors down and a great find.Fabulous location facing the river and I would stay here again.	
Aug 7 2008	Terrible	The room's air conditioning unit was not working properly and it sounded like a 737 on take-off. The room was abnormaly warm. The water in the tub did not drain well. We lifted out the drain and found a huge wad of hair the size of a baseball which was very gross. The towels were very thin and not absorbant. The beds were extremely hard and not much different than a hard floor plus the pillows were flat and almost nonexistent. A couple of the elevators were not working properly during our stay. I would not recommend this hotel or stay here again. The only saving grace was the view of the Chicago River.	
Nov 16 2009 	super Lage und freundliches Personal		
Oct 7 2009 	hotel in ottima location con personale squisito		
Sep 8 2009 	posizione eccezionale ottimo rapporto qualità/prezzo		
Sep 4 2008 	Super Auftakt für unsere Rundreise		
Sep 1 2008 	Quelques problèmes quand même....		
