Oct 28 2009 	Do not give them your credit card	Only can get a live person on the phone from 9-5 central time. Call and see.Unreasonable cancellation policy. Ask for it in writing.Multiple billing errors. Billed in 08 and 09 for a stay that never happened. Just reported them to American Express for the latest issue.	
Oct 27 2009 	I will never be back	The office opens only a few hours. The lights of stairs were off during our 5 days stay, very dangerous. No hot meals in the breakfast. Once their supply of yogurt has gone, Tube type &quot;Gogurt&quot; for kids was supplied. The maid service entered even though we requested not to enter the room, and changed the location of personal items. A few personal items were lost. No notice for charge of internet (45 bucks a day) and phone calls. Overall, the hotel is worse than super 8 motel, although you pay over 200 bucks.	
Sep 20 2009 	Short Visit for U2	This was a great little hotel for access to Soldier Field and the museums. It is a relatively short walk to them and to Grant Park. The service was good and the rooms large. It is an old mansion that could use a little updating. We had a king suite in the front of the house. For the size of the room, the location, and the city of Chicago the charges were appropriate. I was concerned about walking to Soldier Field and back at night but those worries were dispelled when limos and taxi were dropping off concert goers in front of our hotel and there was a strong police presence. Obviously i felt safe that night. There was a solid breakfast in the morning. All in all it was a nice and comfortable place in a great location for the concert and at a decent price.	
Aug 6 2009 	A memorable stay	We stayed at the Wheeler Mansion and had an absolutely incredible experience. We were supposed to stay at a different hotel and had made reservations over a month ago. We got to that hotel and it was absolutely filthy. We ended up checking out of that hotel and were literally on the streets looking for a decent place to stay. To our surprise, Wheeler Mansion came to rescue. Not only did we get lucky with a spare room that they had available, we also got amazing service. The staff was extremely nice and very helpful. They helped us find places to visit, gave us maps to nearby shopping and restaurants and provided unmatched service. We would highly recommend anyone who wants to visit chicago to forget staying at the &quot;name brand&quot; hotels and try out the Wheeler Mansion. It feels like home. It feels cozy and the service is incredible!We will definitely stay here again.	
Jun 18 2009 	What a wonderful change of pace!	We stayed at the Wheeler Mansion while attending the National Restaurant Show at McCormick Place. Lukas was a wonderful host and made the stay very comfortable. He was genrous with his time and information about the area. Though we are from the Chicagoland area, we had not been in this part of town for a long time and it had changed so much. It was a pleasure to be only walking distance from so much including McCormick Place! Breakfast was a bit like a european continental and nicely laid out. My only suggestion to the hotel owners is to improve the lighting in the bathroom. Hard to put on makeup. Otherwise it was well appointed and interesting to boot! Definately a nice change of place to the &quot;Big Box&quot; hotels in the area. We would definately stay here again.	
Apr 24 2009 	Wonderful place to stay!	I was staying with Wheeler Mansion Hotel in April 8-10, 2009 during my business trip to US. I was really concern about staying in this hotel after I read some older reviews but I had no choice. Hyatt was sold out at The Wheeler Mansion was right by McCormick and only one besides them. I was surprised, the place was great. I’m 100% European and I love antiques furniture’s. The cost of the rooms was very reasonable and I had really nice and tasty breakfast every morning. The staff was very friendly and help full. They take care of my transportation, reservation for restaurant for my clients. I would defiantly recommend that place to any one and its totally different expiries for hotels. Was so quiet and felt almost like home.	
Apr 10 2009 	Great for conferences at McCormick Place	I was hesitant staying here because of the previous reviews. But, I was pleasantly surprised. The staff were very nice, helpful and accommodating. The breakfast was nothing special but I wasn't staying there for breakfast. The rooms were clean and comfortable. I would gladly return.	
Oct 2 2008 	Over-rated	We were the only guests in this small hotel. When we arrived, front door was locked and we had to bang hard to get the (only) member of staff to open it. She had only been working there 3 weeks and did not like the work, was clearly stressed altho tried to do her best.Her alternate, the manager, was much ore engaging, but promised to meet us with tickets to a particular event, at a particular time, only to tiurn up an hour later, with no apology.Hotel promises 'gourmet breakfasts' - but doesn't deliver. Also, unable to have breakfast any earlier than 0800 weekday and 0830 weekends. No bar in hotel, and when we stayed, no possibility of dinner in the evenings. Overall, felt like an overpriced B&amp;B - wouldn't recommend.	
Jul 24 2008 	Peaceful charming and impeccable service	I loved this place. It is genuinely 'boutique' in the level of service and the lack of the homogenised feel and lack of trust in guests which so many of the hotel chains have (which is necessary no doubt - sadly)My room was large and furnished with exquisite antiques. The shower was wonderful. The breakfasts were delightful (though one thought I did have was that it would be nice to have hot water and coffee throughout the day rather than just in the morning). The large relaxing living room is equipped with maps of Chicago and fascinating books about the city.The location is extremely convenient if one is attending a conference at the nearby Hyatt McCormick place (which I was).I have to make special mention of the manager, Lukas, whose laid-back, intelligent helpfulness really stood out (e.g. letting me use internet in his office, arranging for me to stay another night with no fuss whatsoever.)Highly recommended for those happy to trade superficial glitz (advertising, rewards points etc etc) for some old-world character.Cathy Legg	
Apr 16 2008	Wheeler mansion is a great find	Just stayed there on 4/9-4/13 on business. Was pleasantly surprised. Great way to escape the commercial side of hotels, it is a boutique so it is kind of basic, nice hot breakfast, clean modern bathrooms, elegantly furnished. I did need the fax which the manager allowed me to use without any issues. Free of charge. When is the last time you got something free at a hotel.....	
Dec 12 2007 	Suited Us	Look at the photos with this review for a sense of the area and the Wheeler Mansion itself. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Wheeler Mansion. Little problems were ironed out by the staff. For example, it was cold at first but they gave us an extra heater and we had a gas fireplace. Cassandra was completely helpful. Chris (while a little rough around the edges) made every attempt to make our stay a pleasant one.We liked the area. Daily we walked to the downtown and back, several times in the dark, and never once felt unsafe. The area is largely yuppie condos/townhouses to the north and the convention center to the south. In the day, the lakefront walk is a beautiful route. If you don't want to walk the three miles to get to the center of town, a taxi will cost you about $7.00 +tip. A bus will cost $2.Nearby restaurants include these excellent ones... Chicago Firehouse, Gioco, and Ma &amp; I. (each a 10- 20 min. walk) .We'd like to go back.	
Dec 2 2007	Good Samaritan gone BAD	I have stayed at this bed &amp; breakfast now for the third time, and will NEVER stay there again. Let me start by saying the place sure has great potential thanks to its old-style charm and unbeatable location for business travellers attending McCormick Place. Management however seems absolutely set on driving it to the ground. I have never encountered such attitude, not to say abuse, of guests. From the time we checked in through the time we left, there were numerous incidents more befitting an old-style Soviet gulag facility than an upscale, expensive hotel. Here are just a few examples:- Upon arrival, we parked the car on back and walked through open gate only to find back door locked with no bell in sight. In freezing cold, we knocked on door. When manager finally opened (after we called phone inside), his first comment was: &quot;why did you not use call box outside?!&quot;. That's warm welcome Wheeler Mansion style.- The next morning (Sunday), our group (which BTW rented ALL 11 rooms for the week) had an early start at McCormick Place. We asked if we could have breakfast at 7:30 or 8:00 instead of the scheduled 8:30. The response: &quot;this would be against our rules&quot;.- The next morning (Monday), we had one colleague leaving and another one checking in. As the new guy is at the door, in front of us one staff member said to another: &quot;what is he doing here? he was supposed to get here between 9-10&quot; (the time was about 8:30)... The manager went to open the door, then came back and in front of us said: I don't like the attitude here this morning!&quot;...- Then there was the freezing temperatures, the cold breakfasts and a general sense that we were not guests but some unwanted intruders to get rid of.Before we left, we asked the manager for an explanation. &quot;I'm just following the owner's orders&quot;, he said. After speaking with the owner, I'd have to say: I believe him. Bottom line: if you are looking for any decent hospitality in Chicago - this is NOT the place for you!	
Nov 12 2007 	Don't stay here on business	I agree with &quot;Wheeler Mansion = Bad customer service&quot;. The &quot;general manager&quot; that showed me around when I checked in talked a good game, offering all sorts of concierge services (which I never used), but when it came time to pay for my stay I was given the same line about being liable for 100% of my reservation, even though I had to check out a day early. When I expressed my displeasure, and tried to explain that their policy didn't make any sense given that their proximity to McCormick place means that a lot of their customers will be business travelers and that business travelers' plans change frequently, the &quot;general manager&quot; tried to pass the buck to the owners, and just flatly stated that I should have known the policy when I made the reservation. Basically, I left feeling that I got screwed, which is a shame.The property itself is very nice, but it's in an absolutely deserted part of town. It's that part of town that's either &quot;up and coming&quot; or &quot;the wrong side of the tracks&quot;, depending probably on your political persuasion. While the hotel is only two blocks from McCormick place, I would definitely not recommend that a woman walk alone around the neighborhood at night. The property's immediate neighbors are a parking garage/lot, a warehouse under construction being converted into condos, a humongous postwar factory that's showing its age, and a bunch of other buildings that would be a great place to host a rave.All in all, it's a shame that the customer service was so bad, because it has the potential, despite its surroundings, to be a good overflow option for the McCormick place hotels when they book up. However, I wouldn't recommend staying at the Wheeler Mansion if you're going to a conference.Another strange facet of the property is that the &quot;general manager&quot; is only on the property intermittently, and only during business hours. If you need something at night, you're completely on your own. No receptionist, no &quot;front desk&quot;, no nothing.	
Oct 29 2007 	Was good but now is BAD! Horrible customer service!	The History: In the defense of this wheeler mansion hotel I have had good experiences here before in 2005. I booked 8 rooms that year for a sales staff meeting and the manager, Gary, took fine care of us. Even the manager that was there before Gary, his name was Michael, was an excellent person and very prompt and professional.The Bad: The current manager, Chris, is not a person that should be in the hospitality business, and will run that place into the ground. He is rude on the phone, rude in person, and is more of a bouncer than a hotel manager.I am truly sad to say I will never use this hotel again, even though I have had great experiences there in the past.The Good: What I can say good is Casandra the head of housekeeping is very nice. The neighborhood is moderatly safe (during the day) and it is close to McCormick place. Overall it is not worth the price and you can book a much better hotel in a better place.	
Aug 2 2007 	Worst Place I've ever stayed	TERRIBLE. We stayed there based on some good reviews we've read, but after our experience the only thing that makes sense is that the managment are the ones writing their own good reviews. It is the worst service we have ever experienced!!! Please don't stay there. The owner &quot;Debora&quot; is very rude and inflexible and our breakfast was late and cold. Undercooked waffles with old fruit.	
Oct 20 2006 	Beyond our expectations...	My husband and I frequently visit Bed and Breakfasts throughout the country and The Wheeler Mansion has taken our #1 recommendation. From the moment we contacted the property to book a reservation we had an excellent experience. The gal we had booked through was incredibly friendly and also helpful in deed. The hosts, Sara and Gary, were fabulous. Throughout our 4 day stay they held many delightful conversations and also provided us with excellent recommendations for area attractions and dining. The property is beautiful. We were given a tour of each of the rooms and suites and they are all unique. I've already chosen the room we will stay in when we return!	
Oct 6 2006 	You're darn right 1 star.	I've read the positive reviews that rave about the area that this hotel is in... I just don't get it! The south loop is partially residential and partially government housing. I did not feel safe walking around at night and, in fact, saw a car in the alley with a broken window. It is close to McCormick Place and I was able to walk to work, but I never left the hotel after the sun went down. There wasn't much to do on my day off - Prairie Avenue is not as gentrified as you might read. I'd recommend staying near mass transit where there are people around. I really liked River North and Old Town!!!	
Aug 12 2006 	A Bates Motel Clone	During the hotest weekend in Chicago the ac was broken prior to our check in. The staff failed to inform us at check in and after trying for an hour to adjust the temperature we were finally told that the ac had been off for most of the day. The staff leaves after 6pm. We left our room when the thermoste in our room hit 90 degress and sought refuge at another property. The hotel's management was indignet that we complained. Despite its historic charm the accommodations are far below what would be expected for almost $300 per day.	
Apr 4 2006	Horrible Customer Service...stay away	The Wheeler Mansion is a fantastic building with great rooms. Unfortunately it has by the the worst staff that I have ever dealt with. It is extremely difficult to get a hold of anyone and when we did, they were rude and condescending. Rather than hear any issues which we had, they were defensive and only argued. This is not the way a customer service oriented business should work. There are a plethora of other places in the city which can provide you with a romantic and pampered experience for the same price.	
Jan 2 2006 	Visiting McCormick Place? Wheeler is not as convenient as it seems.	Wheeler Mansion is close to McCormick Place, and that works very much in its favor. Otherwise, however, the neighborhood is empty; it is all residential with very little activity and is not as convenient to tourism as the website implies. The building is beautiful and very nicely furnished, but not built or managed to be a hotel. The very limited staff are hard-working and friendly, but just are not sufficient for the needs of this type of business.	
Nov 17 2005	Defrauded and cheated	My husband and I went to Chicago from Spain in October to attend the annual meeting of the American Academy of Ophthalmology at the McCormick Center. We booked a room in the Wheeler Mansion through our travel agent, to whom we paid in advance according to the invoice the Wheeler Mansion had emailed to the agency. However, when we were checking out after staying five days, they billed us for our stay. When we protested that we had paid in advance, we were told that we had to pay them because they did not deal with travel agents, in spite of the fact that they had arranged the booking and had already charged the travel agency 50% of the total amount. What´s more, we learnt that the room they had assignes us was much more expensive that the one we had reserved. It seems that they decided to upgrade us without letting us know. We did not have time to argue about this, because we had a taxi waiting for us to take us to the airport to catch a flight. So we had to pay the bill again plus the extra-charge for the &quot; better room&quot; To add insult to injury, they were extremely rude to us, ignoring we do not speak English fluently. Subsecuently the hotel refunded to the travel agents the 50% they had paid, and the agency reinbursed us for the amount we had paid, however the fact reains that we ended up paying 700$ more than we expected.We have requested a copy of the invoice, since they did not given it to us, and so far We have not received any acknoledgement nor a copy of the invoice.I found this completely unacceptable and disgraceful bahaviour. I absolutely do not recommend this hotel. We do not trust this hotel and warn all travellers to be careful.	
Oct 5 2005	Enjoyed my stay	The Wheeler Mansion is a beautiful hotel, and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The owner is a very nice woman. The rooms were well-appointed and comfortable. Recommended!	
Jun 22 2005 	Travel agents beware!	As a travel agency owner for 19 years, I want to make other agents aware of some problems you may encouter:I made reservations for a group (10 rooms) 13 months prior to this date and I accompanied the group. At the time I made the reservations, they presented me with a standard reservation contract outlining the cancellation penalties, showing my deposit and final payment due when we arrived. The website, Amadeus reservation system, as well as their manager at the time the reservations/contract was made, assured me that they paid a travel agent commission. However, the problems started as the trip got closer and the new manager informs me that because the 'standard' contract made no specific mention of commission they owed none. I asked to speak to the owner &quot;Deborah&quot; who finally agreed to give me a small fraction of the actual amount due according to their website, etc. as a 'gesture of good will'. Then at the time for the final bill to be paid, Deborah informs me that she will add 14.9 percent tax to the contract when no where on the contract is that mentioned and in fact, each guest (including myself) received a statement saying 0 tax due (was to be included in all-inclusive feature). There is much more to this story - I could fill a book. As far as the property goes, it is a very lovely mansion and could have been a pleasant experience if not for the owner. The manager 'Michael' is very nice, but clearly a manager in 'name only' - all decisions come from Deborah and there is no discussion with her - she will adhere to the contract when it is in her favor and not adhere to it when she wants to add tax. She actually told me to take the entire group and leave with no refunds if we did not pay the tax (which was not in the contract). The 'gourmet' breakfast has been nothing more that a casserole/fruit and a bagel or croissant and if you are a group who likes to eat together, there are not enough seats for everyone, limited number of coffee cups/silverware, etc. Most mornings we had to wait until they washed more coffee cups and service was terrible! There is no one on premises after 7pm so if you have problems you are 'on your own'. Also, beware of the cancellation penalties - they will stick to them even if you break your back - one of my clients actually did and they were holding him accountable for the entire 6 nights $1500+. After I found another couple to take their place, I finally managed to get Deborah to agree to refund the original person, but it was not easy nor pleasant! All things considered, DON'T use this property - I will not ever book it again! P.S. I also had a group of 50 rooms at the Hotel Monaco downtown - excellent hotel/staff,etc. and I have heard from many who stayed there who have said it couldn't have been better!!! Wonderful rooms/great staff and terrific service!! Use them for your clients - you will save yourself a lot of 'grief' and you will get paid for your services!!	
May 7 2005 	Horrible!!	What a terrible stay. There was no one around to help us at all. They did not offer us any food...no breakfast. There are no restaurants or businesses in the area. There are no cabs nearby. There is no elevator and we were on the 3rd floor. The service was nonexixtent. They did not clean our rooms or change the sheets for the 4 days we were there. we had to go into their cupbord to find some clean towels. Then they locked us out. They had 4 day old newspapers and old magazines to read. There was no room for any of my things in the bathroom with just a pedistal sink and shower stall. The furnace was very loud and woke me up every 20 minutes. The staff could not even find us a blanket when we asked for it. We had to beg to have our garbage emptied. We were not informed before or during our stay that children were not allowed. Make sure that you do not bring any kids because they will charge you for their $10000 rugs if you spill anything on them. It is not close to the airport or downtown. Please stay somewhere else.	
Sep 5 2004	What a gem!	The Wheeler Mansion is every bit as lovely as small elegant five-star hotels across Europe, and so much more intimate and beautiful than high-end hotels in the city that cost easily twice as much. The restoration of this about-to-be-demolished mansion spared no expense and the proof is in the details. An easy walk to McCormick Place, the Prairie Preservation district, the museum campus, and wonderful restaurants. There's free parking right on the property, so you can drive to Millennium Park, Michigan Avenue and the Loop in five minutes.	
Jun 22 2004	Choose a hotel closer to the heart of the City	Although beautifully appointed, it seemed to be more about look than comfort. The bathrooms had little room for toiletries and there was only lukewarm water in the shower. Our window only had partial drapes, so when the sun came up, we were obliged to follow.The food was mediocre.Staff was attentive but inexperienced. It was virtually impossible to get a cab into downtown. Not as &quot;handy&quot; to the Loop as they'd like you to think.Not a good place for groups.	
Mar 4 2004	Quiet special spot in the heart of Chicago	My wife and I spent a weekend at the Wheeler Mansion. We arrived late (11:00 PM) because of some airline delays and had no problems getting into our room. The owners live on the property and are available during off hours. The staff is highly attentive and very friendly. All I can gather from previous negative reviews is that the owners were have some problems hiring the right kind of people. The good news is that they have them now.The Mansion is unique and tastefully luxurious. Each room is furnished with a mix period appropriate antiques and modern amenities. There is a large dining room and beautiful comfortable sitting room.It is a perfect alternative to the sterile one-size-fits-all hotel room for the McCormick Place conventioneer. It is the perfect hidden pleasure for those looking for a quiet weekend getaway. We're already planning our return.After only one visit, it has become our favorite place to stay in Chicago. We are already planning	
Feb 16 2004	Romance in the middle of the city	My husband and I stayed here on a whim for Valentine's Day, and all I can say is ROMANCE magnifyed. The reservationist assured me a spectacular evening - I requested champagne in the room. When I arrived, there was champagne perfectly chilled on a silver platter scattered with red rose petals, 2 glasses, each with a strawberry on the rim, chocolate covered strawberries(the biggest I have ever seen!) on the bed with a romantic love quote on each pillow. The lights were soft, and a Frank Sinatra CD was playing in the cd player. WOW!! In the morning, breakfast was spectacular, and we could sit by the fire in the living room drinking coffee and reading the paper. No rush to check out. If you are looking for the perfect quiet getaway, this is it!!	
Dec 16 2003	Best place in Chicago!	I recently stayed a weekend at the Wheeler Mansion and had the most wonderful, magical experience! Every last detail of my stay was perfect, right down to the chocolate on my pillow at night. The front desk people were very helpful and knowledgable about area restaurants and places of interest. They were always making sure my needs were met and ready to help me at the drop of a hat. The building is also beautifully furnished and decorated for the holiday season. It was a real treat to be able to stay at the Wheeler Mansion. I will be returning for sure!	
Feb 24 2003	A wonderful experience	This gorgeous restored mansion was an truly wonderful experience. I am a frequent traveler and and this has to be the most wonderful night I ever spent on the road. The staff was excellant and I would recommend this to anyone who wants to have a unique stay at a beautiful landmark. It was recommended to me by a business associate. You must really experience it to appreciate it.	
Nov 13 2002	Wheeler Mansion = Bad Customer Service	I'm a frequent traveler to Chicago and have stayed at many of the downtown hotels. The Wheeler Mansion gets my vote for the worst customer service in the city. A few warnings to potential guests:Make sure you are certain about your plans before making reservations. The Wheeler Mansion requires 180 days (yes, 180 days!) notice to cancel a reservation. Even if you call within 3 minutes of making your reservation, they won't cancel.Don't expect to get a cab outside the hotel. It's best to walk the two blocks to McCormick Center. The front desk will call a cab for you, but it may take 20 or more minutes to arrive.Don't expect a positive response from the employees if anything goes wrong. The night I stayed at the Wheeler Mansion, the heat wasn't working in my room. After repeated calls to the answering service (no one was actually in the office after 8pm), the room was still about 60 degrees. The front desk clerk in the morning advised &quot;there's nothing I can do, I just work here&quot;. Net, net, nice furniture, lots of attitude, and the customer is not their highest priority.	
