Nov 17 2007 	City Apartment with Most Amenenties but NOISY	This was good alternative when most hotels were booked. It was spacious, had modern design and was very clean. However, the proximitythe to El made for some poor sleep. The station announcements ran lateinto the night as well, which was hard to get used to.While this place is stocked with most of your needs (down to the cheese grater in the kitchen), please be aware that they do not provide hair dryers.Intelligentsia coffee is right around the block.Also, there's a 7 Eleven connected to the building so you can get somebasics without venturing outside.	
Aug 4 2006 	Good Alternative	This is an apartment NOT a hotel...but it's great! Getting used to the el train that was mere feet from your window may be an issue (and it was for me in spite of the fact that I live in Brooklyn NY just three blocks from an elevated train -- but the difference between 3 blocks and 30 feet is huge in this case...), but if you have a long stay this is a much better alternative than a hotel.I went to peapod and ordered groceries to be delivered rather than have to travel on the train to the nearest grocery store. The desk people at the Fisher Building are VERY, VERY nice and accommodating, and deliveries of all kinds were treated professionally.For some reason the corner of S. Dearborn and Van Buren (where this building is located) is a hangout spot for homeless men. Maybe it's the shade, maybe it's that they can beg from commuters...whatever the reason, they are there almost all the time. As a New Yorker I neither ignored them nor engaged them, but rather simply co-existed with them (as I do here at home). They were all fairly friendly.For a long-term stay where you want the flexibility of making your own meals in your own kitchen, stay here. If you want room service and maid service, don't. Personally, I loved it.	
Jan 3 2006	Loved it!	We loved this building. It was conveniently located in the Loop and near the El. The first floor had retail establishments such as dry cleaners and a convenience store. We also had high speed internet in our room along with the full size kitchen. The furniture provided was beautiful and very upscale. We originally booked our stay because our daughter is moving to Chicago and wanted to check it out. Since we enjoyed the building and the management so much, she has decided to live there long term. Bring a blowdryer with you, though, since one is not provided in the apartment.	
