Nov 2 2009 	Excellent hotel with great complimentary breakfast	I was very impressed by what this hotel had to offer including free parking lot and the complimentary breakfast which wowed my whole family. It was a blast including hot waffle, fruits, cereal, yogurt, oatmeal, and more. The facility was nice. They even had a system that prints the boarding pass anytime. I'll definitely stay here when I visit Chicago again.	
Sep 15 2009 	Want to see Chicago want to save money Stay here and Enjoy!!	If you are traveling to Chicago, and don't want to pay $300 a night to stay downtown...STAY HERE! This hotel was very close to the Cumberland Blue Line CTA Train Station. (5-10minute walk, or 2 minute drive if you wanted to park $4 for 12hrs. to ride the CTA into downtown Chicago). The Blue Line only took about 10-15 minutes to get you right into the heart of Chicago (Millenium Park, Michigan Ave.). The breakfast was YUMMY and had a lot of variety (cereal, waffles, bagels, yogurt, eggs, sausage). They had wi-fi in the lobby, and even a business center with 2 computers open for all guests to access internet, print documents, etc. I saw a few Computers/Kiosks even set up to print out boarding passes/iteneraries for flights out of O'Hare. Parking was free...and very accessible!!! Another benefit to this hotel was that Outback Steakhouse is attached, Geno's East (pizza) was 3 blocks away, a grocery store (3 blocks), and Walgreens (3 blocks). Whatever I left at home was easy to replace with all these close by! The room was always clean and well kept. The pool was little small, but large enough to accomodate 40 people (only 5 ft deep at its deepest). The workout facility was very nice as well.	
Sep 1 2009 	Nice hotel but some noise issues	The hotel was nice enough. The common areas and room were clean and the beds were fine. The shuttle from the airport took a while to come; I saw shuttles for other hotels come by twice while waiting for the SpringHill's. The following morning, though, just as we were walking out the door the shuttle was leaving to bring other guests to the train station and the driver dropped us off at the nearby supermarket so we could by transit passes. The night we arrived we had dinner at the attached Outback Steakhouse, and the waiter there was helpful with advice on getting Chicago around by transit.The one issue I had with the hotel was nose. Our room was on the 6th floor at the far east end of the hotel, and the noise from the trains and occasional landing aircraft was noticeable. In addition, we could hear noises coming from the vents both in the bathroom and above the kitchen area that sounded like it was coming from other rooms.	
Aug 20 2009 	Excellent place to stay!	First off, this website is AMAZING!! Trip advisor has given me such great suggestions over the years, as to what places are good to stay. Hope my reviews help- This place is great-it was clean, the staff was friendly and the rooms were perfect. Catherine at the front desk was courteous. This place is close enough to the city that you can drive in (after rush hour) with relative ease. We will definitely stay here agai. Thank you Trip Advisor!!!	
Jul 31 2009 	Pretty Good...	I stayed here for two nights because I was working a little north of Chicago. The rooms are big and clean. The staff was friendly and it was attached to an Outback restaurant which is convenient. It also had free parking which is nice. All in all, not bad.	
Jul 9 2009	Nice Hotel	This is a lovely all suite hotel. I liked having a fridge, wood cabinets, a dish towel, microwave, sofa sleeper in the room. The personal care items were so-so. The 19&quot; tv could have been bigger. It was sitting on a wall between the sleeping area and the living room area. Now the negatives:- I called for a shuttle to go to the hotel-over AND over AND over AND over, again. No one answered the phone. After about 7 times calling , I finally reached someone, and a shuttle arrived. -When I got to the hotel, I WAITED and knocked on the counter several times, before the clerk came out-I did not like the &quot;nasty look&quot;, the desk clerk ( a male) gave me when he saw the room rate I had reserved. He acted like he had an attitude or something/--I was placed in a room where I had to search and walk a while to get to however, I was too tired after I got there to care really.-When I caught the hotel shuttle to go back to the airport, the shuttle driver (Jose?) did not offer to help me with my bag, and I had to &quot;lug it&quot; up the van steps and to my seat.Seeing that the other passengers did not give him a tip ( go figure) , he finally decided to assist me with getting my bag of the van at the airportOverall, it is a nice property, I would probably stay again, and hopefully I will not experience any of the negatives that I expereinced above.	
Jun 28 2009 	Excellent services and great breakfast!	Stayed here one night in June 2009 with my husband. We had a great experience with the staff who took great care to make sure we were able to print an important document (free of charge) when the printers were not working correctly. The breakfast is excellent and includes scrambled eggs, sausage, muffins, bagels, fruit, cereal, milk, yogurt, pastries, old-fashioned oatmeal and do-it-yourself belgian waffles. Options for dining off-site are numerous and the location is excellent. The room was very clean and well stocked with lots of towels and pillows. We used the pool, which is small and nothing spectacular, but clean and there were towels for use poolside as well. The parking lot is small and we had difficulty finding a space in the evening.	
May 31 2009 	Don't rely on the hotel shuttle	After a 15 hour flight and a missed connection and an overnight stay that the airline could not pay for, the last thing I needed was any sort of issue. A call to the hotel to request a shuttle resulted in a 25 minute wait and a shuttle bus that never showed up. Result: A $20.00 cab fare to get to a hotel that was supposed to provide transportation. The next morning, the shuttle was out front when I was checking out. My business associate was upstairs waiting on the elevator. The shuttle driver was unwilling to wait 60 seconds for the hotel's elevator, insisting that he &quot;was on a schedule&quot;. By golly, he climbed in the hotel van and away he went. Requests for intervention by the desk staff were unanswered, my associate arrived 30 seconds after the van left: Result: Another $20 cab ride back to the airport. Adding $40.00 to an already unplanned expense was simply an insult added to injury. In fairness, having an Outback Steakhouse attached to the hotel was a welcome surprise given that my trip had been to China and a steak was perfect after days of Asian food.	
Apr 23 2009	Excellent rooms breakfast and especially staff	I brought a group of 16 girls, 6 chaperones, and my husband and I to this hotel for our dance company tour. It was an absolute pleasure staying here. The rooms were lovely and well kept. I am 6 months pregnant and was able to sleep great in our hotel bed! The continental breakfast was the best I have ever had at a hotel. It included fruit, cereal, waffles, biscuits, bagels, eggs, sausage, juice, and more! The staff was beyond helpful. The saw where we might have needs and before we ever brought them up they took care of them for us. They were always available and eager to make our stay a comfortable one. I highly recommend this hotel!	
Apr 16 2009 	One of the best overall hotels we've stayed at!	After missing our connecting flight at O'Hare, we were given a 'courtesy&quot; night here by American Airlines. The shuttle was prompt and arrived shortly after I called. The driver was full of information about the hotel and the surrounding area, and obviously loved his job! The front desk staff was friendly and efficient when we checked in. The &quot;5 mile&quot; rule is great, which means the shuttle will take you free of charge, anywhere, including restaurants, within a 5 mile radius of the hotel. After a long flight from Honduras, and a missed connection O'Hare, it was a welcome surprise. The room was HUGE and extremely clean. It had a nice mini-kitchen, living room and the most comfortable bed and pillows I have ever seen! The ultimate continental breakfast was superb, and the fact that we were able to stay in our room until 1pm made it a little nicer to relax before we had to leave to catch our flight. This will definitely be our #1 hotel at the airport in Chicago from now on, and for $89 on most websites, you can't beat the price for the service. You shouldn't be disappointed staying here. Oh, and there's an Outback Steakhouse adjoining the hotel!	
Jan 3 2009 	Good for overnights...	We stayed here due to proximity to the mother-in-law's home. We had a suite with 2 doubles, and a sofabed. This worked well because we have 2 college student kids--girl and boy, so one could take a bed and the other slept on the sofa.My husband and I felt that the bed was small. We sleep in a double bed at home but this bed seemed smaller. Linens, etc. were comfortable, except that no pillows were available for the sofabed. (Note we didn't ask for any either...just used two of the four from one of the beds.)We asked for extra towels each day and they were promptly provided, though the front desk persons seemed perturbed.We used the exercise room, which was fine for our purpose.Having the Outback on site was convenient, as we were able to order some food late at night.We had a car and appreciated the garage parking. However, had we relied on public transport, it seemed that the walk to the rail was several blocks and maybe we are wimps, but that didn't seem 'fun' in the cold weather.The housekeeping was good. Everything was very clean. Only complaint is that they seemed to want to rush us out of our room early, even though we were staying several days.internet access was more than adequate--we had 3 laptops.The breakfast was suitable to my picky family members. The low-carb person was able to make use of the sausage and eggs.	
Nov 22 2008 	Good for family	We stayed 4 nights and used it as a base for downtown - a lot cheaper than staying downtown itself. The Blue Line train is a 15 min walk from the hotel. You pass a Hooters restuarant and a supermarket on the way to the station. The journey on the train is about 45 mins but there's some week-end works that add about 20 mins to this on those days. This worked fine for us as the kids (5 and 7) liked the train journeys and there's not much else we would have done with the travel time.We arrived at the International terminal and to get picked from there by the free shuttle you have to call the hotel from the hotel telephones in Arrivals.Our room was very big, with 2 large double beds, a good TV, seating area and kitchenette space, decent bathroom. All very clean. It's a no-smoking hotel which is also a big plus.There's a small pool in the basement, not used much so it's fine and the boys liked it. Also a gym with loads of machines though I didn't use these. Again all seemed clean and well looked after.Breakfast was included and plentiful, if not great quality but the basics were okay and the kids liked the waffle making device. Nice coffee - free all day. Only problem with breakfast is that it's in a rarher desolate space in the lobby area - not helped by the door being open allowing an icy gale to blast through whilst goods were being loaded/unloaded. this is probably temporay due to some construction work closing off the normal goods entrance. The construction itself caused no other problems.The staff were friendly too.Overall I'd say a good budget option and about half the price of an equiavlent downtown hotel when I looked (which was about a week before travel).There's also a steakhouse restaurant attached to the hotel. I thought this was poor - my steak was not that good and the sevoice was a bit sloppy although the staff were pleasant enough. We also tried Hooters, which was actually okay for taking kids in and okay overall. There is also a little pizza restaurant on the road to the station which has a few tables - mainly does takeaway. My pizza was a bit wierd but the family liked theirs and the staff were great.	
Nov 17 2008 	Just Ok	The contruction is a major pain, you can't get to the front door. They offer valet parking but that's a pain when you have to make several trips to the car. The first room they gave us heat did not work and with 3 small . After 3 phone calls to the hotel front desk (the first one the girl offered to send up security (??) because there was no one else to look at it but they never showed up) the second call they said to turn it on an leave it on for 15-30 mins but we'd already done that but we tried it again. The third call they finally offered us blankets or another room. With children extra blankets on a 30degree night doesn't cut its o at 1am we were waking up babies and children to move all our stuff down a floor to another room. The rooms were ok, a bit small, there was a lot of noise from airplanes, the highway and the L. The breakfast was great and the staff seemed pretty friendly especially the valet parking people and the guys at the door.	
Nov 4 2008 	bad shuttle service at this "airport" hotel	Airport pickup from this hotel is poorly organized -- after their &quot;10-15 minute estimated wait&quot; turned into 45 minutes, I took a cab to the hotel. Front desk staff appeared mystified. I insisted on being reimbursed for the cab ride and eventually they came through, but it was a bad start to this stay.Came down to the lobby at 6 am for coffee. According to their in-room Guest Services book, there is coffee available in the lobby 24 hours a day. No coffee. Front desk staff were not aware of the wording the Guest Services book.The room was fine, clean and well-equipped. The pool, in the basement, is small and uninviting, but at least it was clean. Wouldn't stay here again. There are too many other options at O'Hare.	
Jul 25 2008 	Great O'Hare hotel with lots of free extras	As other reviewers have stated, this is a very nice hotel (rennovated in 2001) convenient to O'Hare. Shuttle from airport picks up at :15 and :45 after the hour, and is about 10 minutes to the hotel.Checkin was fast and easy, receptionist was very friendly and helpful to point out the services the hotel offered (pool, breakfast, Outback, etc).We stayed for 2 nights in mid-July, and had the chance to see three different room types since we had a large group. Our rooms ranged from an Executive King (1 king + seating area), standard king (1 king + sofabed), and 2 doubles + sofabed. All rooms include a mini-fridge, microwave, coffee maker, and even (plastic/paper) plates/silverware. Handy for saving that extra piece of Chicago pizza. Bathrooms were clean and bright, standard tub/shower, although a nice touch that the sink was outside of the bathroom, allowing others to get ready while someone is showering. Beds (along with the room in general) were clean and comfortable. Only thing missing was an in room safe. Depending on room configuration can't see the tv well from the bed, but we didn't care.Breakfast (free!) is one of the best I have ever had - everything from cereal, muffins, donuts, yogurt, fresh fruit, sausage and eggs, toast and bagels, juices/coffee, and waffles. Seating area, while large, gets a bit crowded since it is a big hotel, although not a big deal.We chose this hotel over others around O'Hare since it is one of the few that has free parking, most other hotels charge $20/night and up. Also free breakfast/internet and shuttle to the airport. The hotel is about a 6 block walk to the Cumberland station. To get to it, walk west on Higgins Road, staying on the north side of the street since it has a sidewalk. Cross over Cumberland, then south across Higgins (ending up on the SW corner of Cumberland and Higgins). Continue walking west down the sidewalk about a block, and there will be a sign leading you to the station - follow the diagonal sidewalk, up the stairs, and across the skywalk to the station. About a 10 minute walk, and fairly easy. You will see the other Marriott O'Hare which is near the stairs, and the Renaissance which is across the freeway. It was about 45 mins - 1 hour into downtown on the blue line.. for us, definitely worth the cost savings to stay here versus downtown.Overall a nice, clean hotel with great benefits (free parking/internet/shuttle/breakfast), and close to the train station. Would stay here again.	
Jul 16 2008 	Clean Quiet Friendly Hotel	We chose this hotel based on the positive reviews from tripadvisor.com. We were very pleased. The suite was large-lots of room for our family of five which includes three teenage boys. It had a microwave, refrigerator, sink, coffee, large pull out sofa and 2 Queen beds. The bathroom was very clean with nice ammenities. We were worried it would be noisy because the property is next to the highway &amp; airport. It was the most quiet hotel we have been in! The free breakfast buffet had more choices than you can imagine with make your own waffles-plenty of waffle makers, we didn't have to wait. bagels, toast, eggs, sausage, fruit, cereal, donuts..The room was very clean. When we called &amp; asked for extra towels, they were in our room when we came back from dinner. The staff was extra friendly. The price was $119 for a double bed suite, breakfast included. We would definitely recommend this hotel for others &amp; would stay there again.	
Jul 11 2008 	Pleasant surprise!	We stayed at the Springhill Suites O'Hare for one night while dropping someone off at the airport. I never expect much from airport hotels, but this one was great!! Staff friendly and helpful, coffee, iced tea and lemonade in the lobby all day, and a big, modernly decorated room. The room had a microwave, small refrigerator, and kitchen area. The free breakfast in the morning was the best I've ever had at a hotel. Included make your own waffles, sausage and egg patties, cereal, yougurt, oatmeal w/ toppings, the whole works. Also free parking and airport shuttle which runs 24 hours. If you want a great place to eat, go to the Golden Elephant which is across the street from Hooters (about 1 block walk). It is a Thai restaurant. Fabulous. (Recommended to us by a staff member.)	
Jul 7 2008 	great price	We stayed at the Springhill Suites O'Hare from July 2-6. The price included free parking, free wi-fi and free breakfast.  The shuttle to O'Hare was convenient and left every 30 min. We took the blue line from here into town. If you like to walk, you could probably walk to the Cumberland Station in 15 minutes, saving yourself a trip to the airport. The ride to town took about 45 min , maybe a little less depending on where you are going. I knew this when I booked the hotel, so it wasn't a surprise. Given the rates of hotels in downtown, and the cost of parking, I felt this was a bargain.The rooms were spacious and clean. There was a small fridge and a microwave,too. There were plastic plates and utensils.Parking on the surface lot is crowded. There is a parking garage next door, but it's not well marked. We did not park down there.Check in was fast and courteous. I requested a room with a view of the airplanes for my 3 year old, and they were happy to oblige.Check out on-line was functioning, so I checked out by phone. It was quick and courteous , as well.The fitness room had good cardio equipment, but not much for weights.The pool was heated and clean.The breakfast was nourishing, but not gourmet. It's free, so I did not expect much. My only complaint is the breakfast on Saturday July5. It was too crowded at 8:30 A.M. They ran out of food quickly and had to wait for eggs, sausage, and milk. Overall, I would stay here again if I was looking for a bargain and would be driving to Chicago. If I was flying, I would probably stay downtown where I would not have to pay for parking everyday.	
Jun 1 2008 	Average in a pinch	I stayed here for 3 nights because there was a pretty large convention in Chicago. Causing the rates to be very high. I got a room here for $110.00 with free parking. Which I was pleased with. I also chose this hotel because they were close to a train stop to get into Chicago. This took a hour. I knew this going in though. When I got there the front desk person was extremely rude and short with me. I just ignored it the first time. The room was nice but the commute into the city was to long. I have been to Chicago about 15 times and this is the furthest I had ever been outside the downtown area. Being that far out is something I didn't like. When it came to checking out the same rude employee did the checking out. She asked me how my stay was. I said I enjoyed it except for the location, as I was going to add but there nothing you can do about that this employee started arguing with me how it's only a half an hour to Chicago. (That was a stretch), a good value and how much the rooms in the downtown area were. Which I knew already because of the convention. I finally ended it by saying why are you arguing with me. She stated I'm not and asked if I had a receipt and I said yes. She might have been an exception to their staff but she put a bad taste about this place. If hotel's are balloned up because of a convention again I will choose one of the many other options. I saw 5 places around this hotel that could be stayed at.	
Feb 27 2008 	so so suites	great price, pool was good, parking terrible above ground and went underneath but was afraid to bump anything some of the bracing seem to be braced up and was no hid made it kind of scary looking, room was good size got a corner room loved the view,	
Feb 10 2008 	Well-executed airport hotel	This is a moderate-sized high rise close to the O'Hare Airport. I paid $70 with American Airlines' distressed passenger rate, since my connecting flight was canceled.They offer a free shuttle from O'Hare, which is nice because if you can find the way through the labrynthine passageways to the pick-up point. Go to the L and take an elevator up, then dial the 2-digit code on the phone kiosk there.My room was clean and more spacious (with a tiny kitchenette and couch/desk area) than usual for this type of hotel, and the included internet worked just fine. The included breakfast was more then the paltry bagels &amp; juice you sometimes see, but not a true buffet. An Outback steakhouse was attached to the premises. The exercise room was spacious, but the illogical assortment of equipment was poorly suited to any weight training. (Merely a set of free weights, abdominal, and bench press, less than $1000, covers the basics. How hard is that?) The staff was more attentive then what I typically see at this price level.I found this hotel well-suited for an overnight missed connection, a depressingly frequent occurence since O'Hare's runways are hopelessly over-subscribed. The hotel clearly caters to everyone-fly-to-O'Hare business meetings, and is well-suited for that purpose as well. For a 24-hr layover, as happens when I miss a trans-Pacific flight, I prefer the Allerton Crowne Plaza on Michigan Ave, a much more interesting location.	
Jan 3 2008 	Good	Family Stayed in the Spring Hill Suites over the Christmas VacationYou are not going to have a bad time staying at the Spring Hill Suites especially if you get a great online rate. You will get a good hotel with good service etc with all the basics that you need. The key word is good not wow. In my experience you can get a newer or better updated hotel in Chicago in the same price range which will give you a little more bang for your buck. Some examples. The Spring Hill Suites has a TV with a VCR in every room. This would have been top of the line 7-10 years ago however you can now get flat screens and DVD players in the same price range in other hotels. We would have loved to watch a movie but had only brought along DVD’s not VHS. The work out room does have a flat screen and decent equipment that is available 24-hours a day. The towels are not as plush in other comparable hotels in the price range though on the other end we were able to get a late check out so it all evens out. Other things to considerThere is an Outback Steak Restaurant in the main lobby which could be very convenient. If you love Chicago Pizza like my family does than I would suggest Giordano’s in Rosemont which is not to far away from the hotel. The hotel is close to the airport which is fantastic though just remember that this hotel will have more noise at night because of this than others you can find. The hotel does have some interesting vintage photos up on all the floors featuring the airline industry which is a nice touch and fun to look at. Suggestion to the hotel:Please clean your key boards, computers and other equipment in the business center. The keys had a lot of gunk on them and were very dirty. Conclusion: While staying at the Spring Hill Suites was nice with so many other great options in Chicago I would probably give some other place a try on our next trip.	
Dec 3 2007	NIce Hotel	Stayed SpringHill for transit. Bed was comfortable, room was claen, staffs were very kind enogh. Subway station was within 5~10 min walking distance, so easy to get to downtown. I was very pleased with this hotel and will return if I need a hotel near O'Hare.	
Nov 27 2007	Nice hotel odd location	I&quot;ve stayed in several Springhill Suites and have always liked them. This one is no exception. However, the location is just plain odd. It is close to O'Hare Airport and the hotel offers a courtesy shuttle. However, the hotel is right on the Interstate 90, in a largely small commercial, residential area. There is nothing of note within walking distance.I chose it based on price and proximity to the highway. However, in three trips downtown, it took over 25 minutes one way. Breakfast was good with lots of choices and the staff was very helpful in every aspect.The room was large and clean. The bathroom was clean, had good water pressure and there were plenty of towels and toiletries.	
Oct 5 2007 	Perfectly suitable for business travel but not amazing	I find it hard to separate my overall impressions from my first impressions with this one. I arrived after 30 hours on planes and in airports ex Australia due to the typical delays in LA and at O'Hare. Hotel Shuttle: (NOTE: You will need Door Two at the shuttle centre at O'Hare, and the shuttle comes at quarter to and quarter past the hour). Might have been nice if they put this info on their website or told you when you booked an international reservation. I had to make a phone call to find out where to meet the shuttle and when it would arrive. It takes about 10 minutes to reach the hotel. Driver was courteous enough.Arrival: Arrived at 11pm only to find that there was no food available unless I rung one of their two outside providers. Over the week I stayed there I used both of these providers several times and they're terrific, assuming that the only thing you want is pizza, salad or sub sandwiches. But the service is great. Just found it really upsetting to arrive starving and be told by a surly woman that 'they ain't nuttin' unless you call dese guys and y'all better do it quick 'fore dey close too&quot;. Cheers. Wish she'd told me that there was a grocery store less than a mile away, but that would have been too much like service. Room: Bed extremely comfortable and shower nice and powerful. Didn't hear anything from next door. Appreciated that there was a nicely appointed L-shaped desk with free cabled broadband internet that worked reasonably quickly. Nice to have a microwave so that I could buy food from the grocery store about 700 metres down the road for the nights I knew I would be late back. Overall I quite liked the room, but would have appreciated some real cutlery and plates instead of plastic forks and paper plates.Nice having your bed a bit separated from your working area, although a little odd having your bathroom sink outside the bathroom in your bed area. Didn't bother me overall, but struck me as strange when I arrived. Comfy armchair for watching TV (not that I had time to) and a generally nice room.Food: The Outback Steakhouse is the lobby restaurant. It's abysmal if you're Australian (will someone tell them that the Ab-Original hamburger is really an un-PC food item, and that kookaburra wings - which are actually chicken, obviously - would put any real Aussie off his or her dinner! Kookaburras are gorgeous birds that are stuffed as toys, not stuffed as meals...). But if you're not Australian, or if you're in for a kitchy experience it's fine and the food is hearty and reasonably priced. Whatever you do, don't expect much from the hotel breakfast. Americans can generally be counted on for great breakfasts, but not here! Cold poached eggs and a few manky add ons. They theoretically provided the makings of a bacon and egg muffin but everything was so cold that the cheese didn't even start to melt....kind of turned my stomach. But aside from yoghurt and a few old bananas there wasn't much choice. There were make-your-own waffles if you wanted a sugar high followed by a coma half way through the morning, but breakfast it ain't.Taxi Service - we had to get to a lot of business meetings from here and found that often our taxis didn't arrive. You really need to keep on the front desk staff or you'll die waiting even after they've phoned the first time. Leave yourself plenty of time or rent a car yourself.I'd stay here again if I had to do business in Chicago and didn't want to be in a massive Marriott or Sofitel (which I find trying after a week) but I'd do all my grocery shopping at the supermarket so that I could look after my own breakfasts and late night meals. Oh, and I'd bring some real cutlery or at least poach some from the hotel 'restaurant' in the morning after I arrived. Overall it's decent value for a business traveller who wants to stay near the airport.	
Sep 18 2007 	Everyone was so nice at this hotel	I had to go to Chicago for some meetings. I didn't book early enough to get a room in the Ohare Marriott hotel where the meetings were held so I had to stay down the street at the Springhill Marriott. I thought it would be a hassle getting from one hotel to the other every day but the staff was so nice to me. I only had to ask for a ride in their free shuttle once. Everyday when they saw me walk into the lobby they would automatically radio to their driver to come and pick me up so I could get to my meetings on time. The hotel was very comfortable. Having a fridge, sink and microwave was a plus because I can't eat more than one slice of a Chicago deep dish pizza and I didn't want to let the rest of it go to waste. The hotel also offered a free buffet breakfest every morning which was wonderful. I could even make my own waffles. I truely enjoyed my stay in this hotel. Also, the staff at the Ohare Marriott were also very nice. They gave me a ride back to the Springhill in the evenings when my meetings were over and the drivers remembered me from the previous day and stopped to ask if I was enjoying my visit. I was so fortunate to encounter such excellent hospitality from two hotels on one trip. It was also a rare treat not to have to take a cab to the airport. I wish more hotels offered a free shuttle to and from the airport.	
Sep 18 2007 	Great!	This hotel was great, excellent staff, clean rooms.	
Sep 4 2007 	Great Hotel	Decided last minute to spend Labor Day in Chicago. I prefer to stay near the airport as the prices are about 1/3 of hotels downtown. Found this hotel at a good rate and booked a 2 double bed suite and was extremely happy with it. It was roomy, not cramped with sofa, chair, table, desk, plus fridge, micro counter. Beds were comfortable, staff was pleasant. House keeping was good! It seems lately if you stay at a hotel more than a day housekeeping will not clean the room.. so I was pleased when they arrived shortly after breakfast to clean the room. Breakfast was good.. LOTS of choices, it was crowded but one of the better &quot;free&quot; hotel breakfasts that I have seen.The hotel has a small pool downstairs which was great for the kids and is only a few blocks away from a CTA Blue Line station so it is easy to take the train downtown. Even though the hotel is right on I-90 and near the airport there was no noise to bother us.. and I found the A/C worked great on a warm weekend.I was *very* pleased with this hotel and will certain return in the future!	
Aug 16 2007	Okay for what it is.	I've stayed at this hotel every August for the past 6 years for a 3-day convention. On the plus side, it's nice to have a slightly larger room with a sofa couch -- in the doubles, three people can stay and each have their own bed. Having the Outback (a regular Outback, not a hotel restaurant) is a godsend if you need to stay onsite for dinner (and I usually do). The refrigerator and microwave in the room are very nice.The breakfast has some variety (fresh waffles, make your own McMuffins) but the breakfast area can be unpleasantly crowded if the hotel is really full. Nearby options for lunch are limited. There is a supermarket about half a mile away, and an L station a bit further.The shuttle from O'Hare seems to work fairly smoothly. It can be a godawful hike through the airport to the shuttle pick-up, but that isn't the hotel's fault. The wi-fi finally worked well and consistently in the guest rooms this year. In previous years, you had to take your laptop into the common area for it to work decently, so yay for that improvement.Our group gets a reasonable rate, but if you want to stay extra days off the group rate, it can be almost 2/3 more per night. On the downside, the rooms are old at this point and need refurbishment. They are almost uniformly dark and the lighting in the vanity area is just awful if you're putting on makeup. The idea of VCR's is nice, but seriously, isn't it time to change to DVD players? It isn't as if they're expensive anymore. (The presence of the VCR's with unputs does make it easy to hook up your own DVD player, if you bring one.) The bed I slept on this time was quite uncomfortable. Also, the extra blanket for the sofa bed was downright skanky -- a dirty foam thing.I've always stayed in the summer, and this year it was really hot. The temperature in the rooms varies between too warm and too cold -- it really is hard to find a happy medium. Unlike most leisure travellers, as I'm there for a meeting, I barely leave the hotel for most of my trip. Overall, this is an okay place to stay, but nothing special. It's kind of a shame -- with a few fairly commonplace upgrades, it could be a really nice, airport convenient and inexpensive hotel.	
Aug 7 2007 	Great breakfast! Great value!	Great continential breakfast; good service; and free wireless.The location is 1 hour from downtown Chicago if you take the metro. The part that I have to complain about is that there is no shuttle service provided to the metro station. It is a long walk with no sidewalks and no street lamps. It is dangerous to cross the streets since there is a highway intersection. The Chicago heatwave during those days didn't help the situation either. Providing a shuttle service to the metro station shouldn't be too much to ask for since there's already an airport shuttle.	
Jul 26 2007 	Bed BUgs! -- Go elsewhere!	This hotel has bed bugs!! I had to switch rooms twice because two of my three rooms over a two night stay had bed bugs. The hotel staff said &quot;we're apologize to hear about that..&quot; and didn't offer any options other than switching rooms.Parking is a nightmare at this hotel. Park below if you can. The above lot was full and the bottom keycard access garage has major structural problems (they did a great job of bracing the columns in repair which holds up the above parking level. My reccommendation is to look elsewhere in the area. There are a lot of other hotels in the area (double tree, soffitel, hilton..) that will offer a nicer experience hopefully without bedbugs.	
Jul 18 2007 	Family Fun in Chicago	My husband and I and our son stayed at this property during a family vacation to see the sights of Chicago. We found the property to be in excellent condition. The breakfast buffet was really good. It even included items for &quot;do it yourself&quot; egg mcmuffins and to go boxes for those in a hurry. There was also plenty of healthy options, including fresh fruit and yogurt. Although the breakfast area was busy at times, there were plenty of staff members on hand to refill items and provide assistance. We took advantage of the free shuttle on two different occasions and were pleased with the service. Most of the time we chose to walk to the nearby train station for our outings in the city. We had a wonderful time in Chicago, were very comfortable at the Springhill Marriott OHare and would recommend it to others.	
Jul 8 2007 	Great Room and Staff	After living in the Chicago Suburbs for over a decade I was very familiar with the area when I needed to book a hotel for a wedding this past weekend. I picked this hotel mainly on the Marriott brand, location, and price expecting a simply satisfactory experience but was pleasantly suprised with a huge clean room with a great view for this area. I have stayed in very expensive hotels all over the country and for the price ($99 a night) its very hard to beat. Connected to an Outback steakhouse, free breakfast buffet (not just rolls), and great staff. The entire hotel is non-smoking but you can smoke at the Outback bar or outside. The pool is too noisy with kids for the business traveller, but everything else is fine. You simply cannot beat it for the money if the location is suitable. (perfect for us)	
Jul 7 2007 	Very good for the money	Excellent hotel for the money. Very clean. We had a 10th floor corner suite with a queen bed and sofa bed for two adults and 1 child. Service was excellent--very friendly and quick. Breakfast was quite good--full breakfast including fresh made waffles, eggs, sausage, fruit, oatmeal, etc. Free wi-fi throughout the hotel. All rooms have microwaves and refrigerators.Minor gripes: Far from city--about a 5-10 minute walk to CTA subway station, and 45 minutes to the city from there--but certainly much cheaper (at least $50-75/night lower) than any comparable hotel in the downtown area. The pool is on the smallish side, but still quite nice.	
Jul 6 2007 	Gave it a try but staying downtown next time!	Ok, we're super-nice people, not big on complaining. We like to travel on as limited a budget as possible. We don't spend much time at hotels as we try to see as much as we can in each city.We had an ok experience but wouldn't recommend this hotel. I'm going to try to be fair &amp; you can decide for yourself whether this hotel works for you. We liked the following:- they accommodated us for a very early check-in (noon!)- room was super-clean every day!- room had a fridge, micro., plastic dishes &amp; utensils (can be found in the micro.)- bed, sheets &amp; lots of pillows were all very comfy - we're a little picky about the beds, so we were pleasantly surprised (since such a low rate)- because of early check-in we stayed on the interstate side - didn't hear ANY noise (another pleasant surprise!)- we bought a 3-day city transit pass at the airport for $12 - you can ride any El train or bus as may times as you want with this. They have dif. passes, depending on how many days you need &amp; well worth it!We disliked the following:- breakfast set-up was a bit of a nightmare! Area was crowded - didn't matter what time we tried - had to wait 15 min. for a table &amp; 1/2 hr. for eggs - everyone was crowded around the &quot;one&quot; toaster that kept breaking down - the variety of food (eggs, sausage, yogurt, fruit, cereal, make-your-own waffles, toast, english muffins, bagels, juice, coffee, pastries, etc.) was good but we found the sausage patties &amp; oatmeal to be kinda gross!- location - when you stay downtown you are paying extra for convenience &amp; we discovered that, for us, convenience is worth every $!!! - we took the hotel shuttle (leaves for airport every :00 &amp; :30 - picks up at airport every :15 &amp; :45) to O'Hare daily to get on the El train to downtown. The shuttle will drop off at the nearest El station to the hotel (quite a walk!) but it didn't look very safe, so we opted for the airport.- the El had construction delays daily so depending on the day, it took 1, 1.5 &amp; 2hrs. &quot;one-way&quot; daily!!! - NOTE: after 11pm you have to use the phones at O'Hare to call the hotel shuttle - they don't run 24hrs. like every other hotel! One night we had to call twice &amp; wait over an hr. - they apologized but blamed rowdy wedding party guests they had to attend to (since the security guy was also the shuttle driver that night!)- we had a king room with a 1/2 wall divider btwn. the bed &amp; living room area - only 1 TV in an awkward place - couldn't watch from the bed- closest corner store or walgreens is really not that close!Overall, it was an ok experience. We spent way too much time traveling on the shuttles &amp; the El trains though. We stayed at the Embassy Suites on N. State last fall &amp; if you can get in there...we highly recommend it! Superb breakfast, lots of room to eat, organized, friendly, a nicer room with 2 TVs &amp; most importantly...so CLOSE to everything! Chicago is such a fabulous city - downtown is very clean &amp; so, so friendly! There's an abundance of things to do (many places have free days!) Hope this review helps.	
Jun 26 2007 	A perfectly nice reasonable hotel	This Marriot property has figured out how to make everything practically perfect at a reasonable price. The rooms are large enough and well appointed with decent furnishings, not fancy but perfectly fine. Sheets are nice, high threadcount cotton. Breakfast was better than alot of spreads at more expensive hotels. Now location-wise, it isn't downtown or really anywhere that is sexy except that it is close to the airport. But I've stayed at several hotels downtown at 4 times the price and didn't have as nice an experience as here. This place is a hidden treasure and will be a place I stay in Chicago from now on.	
Jun 17 2007	Hotel meets expectations of a friendly clean place.	First, we got in at 1:30 p.m. which was a bit early for check-in time but they went ahead and let us in our rooms. Which we were happy about because we were traveling by train into Chicago for the rest of the day.Rooms were CLEAN. That is what I look for above all in a hotel. Pool was basic but no hot tub. Free breakfast was good. Fresh waffle mix to make waffles. Good coffee. There were donuts and muffins, eggs and sausage. Plenty of room to sit at a table, too.Free parking. Also, hotel is less than a mile from cta station which is a park and ride. We took the blue line into Chicago, then bus 66 to the Navy Pier.Overall, excellent stay at this place. Nice place to bring family.	
Jun 4 2007	Great Hotel if you can't get a place downtown	This hotel was great and the staff was very nice. Ending up booking this place after booking plane tickets to chicago and then discovering that all downtown hotels were full or the remaining rooms were $500 +.You can get to this place from the light rail, but it is a 10 minute walk from the light rail to the hotel. Taking the train downtown during the day takes about 45 minutes, during the night it only takes about 30 minutes.The free breakfast was great, but don't go only 30 minutes before the time is supposed to end or else most items will be gone.Be sure to request a room on the &quot;non-interstate&quot; side or else they'll put you on the interstate side which is not as quiet at night.In the photo I've attached you can see the Light Rail train station on the right (look for the white skyway that crosses the interstate) and the hotel is on the far left of the photo. Like I said in the review, it is a good 10 minute walk, but definitely doable.	
May 10 2007 	Good hotel for leisure. Business travel not so much...	I booked this hotel for a small meeting of 20. Accomodations are nice, but the staff is not experienced in dealing with meeting setup and banquets.	
May 9 2007 	Great for families but not for a long stay	Good hotel for the price, especially for Chicago...stayed in corner suite for five nights with two beds and sofa bed. Bed were a little lumpy but comfortable enough. Room had a small refrigerator and microwave plus paper plates and plastic utensils - good for heating up leftovers. Breakfast was included in room price - cereal, muffins, eggs, waffles, sausage, milk, juice, etc. Bathroom clean and in good repair. Not much space to put clothes in (closet and one dresser) if you have a lot of people (we had 4 in the room). Two TV's but the room divider doesn't really allow you to watch both at the same time without competing noise. Can hear traffic from the highway if you get a room on the south side of the hotel.Pool in basement was good size for kids - they live for hotel pools (boys aged 7 and 12) - but there were never any pool towels so be sure to take a room towel. Excercise room in basement next to pool had one elliptical machine, two treadmills, a couple of machines but no free weights. Water and towels provided.Hotel staff was friendly, free parking underground after you check in (use your room key).	
May 3 2007 	Nice for the price	I stayed only for a Saturday night for an event at the pricier Marriott down the street. The King Executive Suite was small but well arranged. There's not a lot in the area, but it is clean and has a nice breakfast buffet. As far as access to the L, the shuttle will drop you off at the Marriott if you request and there is a bridge over the highway from the back of the parking lot there, if you don't want to brave walking nor return all the way to the airport by bus first. I also stayed a night in the Renassaince Suites O'Hare on this trip. Bigger and nicer suites but requires pay for breakfast and internet which were free at the Springhill suites.	
Apr 30 2007 	Nice Stay	Had a great stay at this hotel last Friday. Room was awesome - super clean, up-to-date and plenty of room. Nice division between the Living Room and Bedroom but not 2 separate rooms. Not much in the area except another hotel, a thai restaurant, Hooters, an Outback Steakhouse (that is in the hotel), and a grocery store but I'd rather spend my time in the Loop or on the Magnificant Mile. The Blue Line is about a 10 minute walk but I would not suggest walking as there are no sidewalks and one of the roadway crossings is not very pedestrian friendly. None of this the hotel's fault but just a tip for those who are not renting a car especially if considering talking CTA to the Cumberland Station and walking to the hotel. The hotel does not provide a shuttle service to the train station but it does provide a shuttle to the airport every 30 minutes and there is a blue line station there.	
Apr 18 2007 	Great Price you need a car	Very clean and updated inside (don't let the outside scare you) with good breakfast and easy access to airport and I-90. While it is close to park and ride for downtown metro, the ride will take at least 50 to 60 mins to go downtown from here. If you have a car and don't mind driving Chicago traffic is a cheap alternative to Downtown prices (booked for $80 a night on Hotel website). Usually stay downtown but for the price this can not be beat.	
Apr 16 2007	Nice building - lazy staff	The building is clean and rooms large, but the staff is really bad. We had to ask 3 times for extra towels before we got them; there is very little parking because you have to jockey with the staff to find a spot; staff parked in handicapped space 2 nights in a row; area around pool was dangerously wet from group of splashing, yelling kids; we were given two incorrect bills before insisting on a correct printed version.DO NOT stay here expecting a relaxing time away from home.	
Apr 13 2007 	clean hotel	we stayed at this hotel over spring break. The hotel was very clean. Bathroom looked liked it was recently redone. Wallpaper was in excellent condition and tub/shower area looked brand new. Room had two double beds. There was not a lot of room to walk around the beds but it was manageable. Room had a separate living room area and also a m/wave and mini refrigerator. Indoor pool was nice -- but no hot tub. Breakfast was good. Parking in the outside lot was limited. There is a garage but it is very tight and we did not like parking there. Train trip to town was about 50 minutes. Hotel is very close to a Park and Ride station which we took advantage of. If you do not mind the commute to town I would recommend this hotel. Cincinnati, OH guest	
Dec 28 2006 	Nice Clean Comfortable Stay	Was in Chicago for Business and stayed here as it was recommended. Very nice hotel, very clean, comfortable place to stay. The breakfast in the morning is very nice and had almost everything you could want (Sausage, Eggs, Waffles, Fresh Fruit, Cereals and my all time favorite, Peanut Butter).My room was a suite (Hence the name Springhill Suites) with the Microwave, Fridge, Coffee Maker, etc. The bed could have used another blanket but had a lot of pillows which is my favorite thing in a hotel. Work out facility was small but had 1 treadmill out of service so I had to wait for one. No biggie as I just did the Universial Gym until it was available. They have an indoor pool but I never bring my swim trunks for some reason. Staff was very friendly, even the houskeepers say hello here.Outback Steakhouse is in the lobby and had dinner their one night which was nice after a long day. They have other places that deliver food but I went out the other nights I was there. Comp High Speed Internet and a non smoking hotel which I this is great since I don't smoke.Overall, I'll stay here again when I'm back in the O'Hare area.	
Dec 6 2006 	Really great Hotel	We stayed here for four nights from Dec. 1 - 5, 2006. There were three of us - myself, my 18 year old daughter, and her 19 year old boyfriend. Because of his limited expenses, we chose this hotel due to the free breakfast and the space of the room. I booked a &quot;VIP&quot; suite (corner room, larger than other rooms) at $109 per night. Plenty of room, well appointed, 1/2 size refrigerator and microwave in kitchen area. The breakfast was exactly the same as what you get at the Hampton Inns - warm, sufficient, tasty and filling.The Blue line train ran directly past our room and we faced the airport. We NEVER heard any noise from either. The hotel seems to be fairly new. The decor is nice (retro 30's and 40's airline pictures everywhere), the tiles, walls, etc. remind me of the &quot;Starbucks&quot; decor so popular now.We rode the blue line into and from the city every day. The hotel offers a courtesy shuttle to and from O'Hare - departs the hotel on the top and half of each hour, and picks up at the airport at the quarter past and quarter till of each hour. We used the service 6 times - never once was it late.Total time transport from the hotel to stepping out of the train stop onto State and Washington Avenue - about 1 hour.The hotel offers on the ninth floor a guest laundry (3 washers, 4 dryers, $1 each). The front desk will give you complimentary laundry detergent, fabric softner and dryer sheets for the machines.There is an Outback Steakhouse attached to the hotel and you can access it from the lobby.For our purposes, at $109 per night, this hotel was great, great, great! Everyone was hospitable and the rooms were very clean and comfortable. I would stay here again, definitely!	
Oct 19 2006 	Under the flight path and no fan to block out the noise	We were bumped of our flight and given a voucher for the Springhill Suites O’Hare. We went to the courtesy shuttle pick up area and waited for thirty minutes while every other airport hotel shuttle passed us. I called on the courtesy phone and they said it would be there soon. Finally it arrived. The hotel looks like an office building and is right next to a highway and under the flight path.We went to our room and tried to turn the fan on the block out the plane noise and there was no sound. There was no difference between the high and low fan setting. We called maintenance and they took a look at it and said all rooms were like that. They offered to give us a box fan which we gratefully accepted. They must have shut off the system until heating season. I have stayed in hundreds of hotels and have never experienced this. This was totally unacceptable for a noisy airport hotel near a highway.The room was large and comfortable but I would never choose this hotel on my own due to the lack of heating and cooling.	
Aug 4 2006	Not bad	Not a bad hotel overall - free breakfast and internet access. Decent rate and sized room also. One caution the bus service was slow from the airport to the hotel at my last visit and waited almost 40 minutes at the stop - so call the front desk when you get to the airport. Agree that this is a bit of an isolated location - so if you have a car that helps. There is a decent place to eat located in the hotel next door that is open for lunch. Overall a decent hotel.	
Jul 31 2006 	Great price for hotel in Chicago	Our family of 3 stayed for 2 nights. Hotel was clean and did not smell like it was sprayed with Fabreeze, like every other hotel. Bed was comfortable. Staff was courteous. Checking in and out was easy. Hotel is close to the blue line and we commuted into Chicago for the 2 days we were there, averaging about a 30 minute train ride. Great place to stay and would stay there again.	
Jun 8 2006	Great Stay before flying out of O'Hare	My husband and I stayed here for one night before flying out of O'Hare the next morning. The location isn't great if you are wanting to spend a weekend in the city - it's located near O'Hare to make it convenient for flyers on the in and out. And for this, the location is perfect! They have a shuttle that takes you to the airport and it's worry and stress free.I found the room to be even better than I expected! It was very clean, had a &quot;new&quot; feeling to it. It was also spacious and the bed was comfortable. We had dinner at the Outback adjacent to the hotel; it was the standard Outback-quality. There is not much within walking distance - we walked to Walgreen's down the street, but as far as we could tell that was the only place nearby.In the morning we were pleasantly surprised by the (complimentary!) buffet breakfast. Make-your-own waffles, pancakes, sausage, oatmeal with a wonderful choice of toppings, yogurt, fruit, coffee... Not your average bagels and donuts. Overall we loved our stay. The price is right, and if we ever need a hotel near the airport again, we'll stay there again!	
Jun 8 2006	Excellent Choice!	I chosed this hotel after reading the reviews in 'trip advisor' and it was a wise choice.Absolutely the hotel is a good value. I stayed at corner suite with 2 doulble beds for 3 nights. I asked for 'quiet room not facing freeway' and got one.There are 4 reasons I chose it. 1. Free shuttle to the O'Hare Airport and CTA station : Visiting Chicago 2 years ago, I had rented a car. The car, however, didn't help me go sightseeing in Chicago downtown because of the parking.  This time I called to the hotel instead of renting a car as soon as I arrived at the airport. The shuttle service was nice as well when I went  to Chicago downtown. It took about 30 minutes to get downtown by train from the  station. Returning, we didn't call the hotel thinking it was too late. Taxi is difficult to find. Walking to the hotel at night was like a dangerous adventure.  I was so scared that I couldn't find no pedestrian crossing. The station is certainlly not far from the hotel, but it's not so easy to get there on foot. Sometimes I used taxi and Chicago cab drivers were much more gentle than Orlando cab drivers. Some Orlando cab drivers went a long way around instead of a short cut. 2. Free high speed internet3. Free breakfast : Satisfied. I mostly enjoyed waffle, juice, yogurt, and fruit.4. Kitchenette with Small Ffridge and Microwave in the roomThe room was clean and well arranged with enough towels.My room was corner suite, so it was more spacious than other rooms.Being enough for 4 adults sounds like exaggeration, though.Outback on the 1st floor of the hotel was good.Hooters serves cheap and delicious food. I really liked it.Overall, I'd like to recommend the hotel to anyone who'll visit Chicago and stay near O'Hare.  Thank the hotel staff(Mr. ~) who answered my call from O'Hare Airport.Pronouncing English slowly and exactly is much helpful for foreign travelers.	
May 30 2006	Pleasant stay	My family had a pleasant stay and our room was very clean. The comfort/amenities is probably a couple of notches below that of a Marriot Residence Inn. The hotel is between Cumberland and Harlem stations of the CTA train- both with Park N Ride. There is also a mall along Harlem Ave, about 5-10 minutes drive. Hotel pool was clean but there were a lot of noisy guests using it during our stay. Breakfast is okay, bagels, cereals, sausage, fruits, waffles etc. There are ample of free parking spaces above ground and in the basement. Problem with basement parking is you need to drive out the highway to other side of hotel to access entrace. Basement parking is very tight but car seems more secure because it has garage doors. Would stay here again if in Chicago.	
Apr 22 2006 	Satisfactory isolated	This was a business trip and my work was nearby, but I can see and agree with some other posters about the hotel being a long way from the city and a very long ride on public transport. There's not much in the surrounding neighborhood to reach on foot - a grocery store a few blocks away and I counted three restaurants. Plus the streets are busy to cross on foot. An Outback Steakhouse is attached to the hotel. They provided very good service for take away orders.My room was large and everything was in working order. The t.v. was in a slightly awkward position for the both sitting area and the bed area. The bed was nice and comfortable. The mini-fridge never got quite cold enough. Decor was pleasant. Lots of towels and good service.The hotel's shuttle service is cheerful but very slow. The person who handled my check-in was kind enough to ask if I was a light sleeper and gave me a room on the quiet side of the building (away from the interstate and train).Breakfast featured odd pre-fab egg mini frisbees, undercooked sausage, excellent fresh oatmeal with good toppings, fresh fruit, various dry bagels and breads with a toaster, cereals, etc. But it was a challenge to find utensils, butter, milk for coffee, a paper bag for take away, coffee lids, etc.Overall quite satisfactory for my stay but I don't know why tourists interested in Chicago would consider it because of the location.	
Apr 19 2006 	Perfect for Chicago on a budget	I spent a weekend at the Springhill Suites with my wife and another couple. We had a pretty limited budget so we chose to stay out by O'hare and ride the train in to the city. Staff was pleasant and helpful and even picked us up from the L station at night. Parking is free which was a big bonus for us. Seemed like most of the hotels even by the airport were charging for parking.Breakfast is complimentary and not your standard coffee and bagel. You get your choice between eggs &amp; sausage, make your own waffles, cereal, donuts, fruit.... The hotel is right on the expressway and the L goes right by + the constant flyovers. We hardly heard any of the noise, the A/C was louder most of the time. Overall, the hotel is a bargain if you are looking to spend a day or two exploring chicago. I would not recommend it for long stays because the ride to downtown on the L is about an hour. That's the only complaint we had. After being out all day, a hour ride is taxing.	
Jan 14 2006	Park and Fly	This hotel clearly deserves two thumbs up - not only are the rooms spacious, but also nicely decorated with all the modern conveniences of a working kitchen area, free internet, and a pull out couch that is good for larger families. If that isn't enough, there is also a great free breakfast buffet with a waffle machine to make fresh waffles, eggs, sausage, orange, apple and cranberry juice, coffee, bagels (with a toasting machine), fresh fruit, cereal and milk. Last, but not least, is the hotel park and fly option - there is an underground parking garage to store your car and an hourly shuttle to O'Hare. The shuttle buses are very nice and comfortable, and will drop you right at your check-in point. Wonderful!	
Oct 29 2005	Very Pleased	Overall it was a very pleasant stay, i stayed there with 2 friends for 3 nights, it was leisure trip. I didn't give it 5 stars because our room was facing the freeway, and all night we heard the &quot;L&quot; trains, so if possible ask for a room not facing the freeway. The rooms were clean, the staff was very helpful and friendly, great pool, awsome breakfast buffet (better than expected). The best perk about our stay was if you want to go downtown there is an CTA station about a block away, you can either drive and park at the station or walk it, they need to advertise this, it took about 30 minutes to get downtown if there was no delay, it was so easy and we never felt threatned walking to and from the station and using the trains, although you'll meet some interesting characters at the stations but it is an excellent perk, the train also goes straight to Ohare the hotel also offers a shuttle to and from the airport and if you ask, it will take you to the CTA station. There is also a grocery store down the street,gas station, several drug stores and restaraunts. The rooms are spacious and anything you ask for they make an effort to accomodate it. They have an Outback Steakhouse on site, it gets quite besy and it's not very big so it was usually await to eat there, but you can order and take it up to your room. Parking is limited, during the day we usually could get a parking spot up top, but if we were out at night and came back late we had to park in their underground parking garage, which was okay, it felt safe. Overall i would recommend this hotel and i would stay there again.	
Oct 1 2005	Excellent all aroun		
Sep 21 2005 	Great Room Great Price		
Sep 20 2005	Excellent value for the money		
May 31 2005	Excellent Value		
Feb 11 2005	Very nice except for noises		
Jan 30 2005	Great Hotel Experience		
Jan 10 2005	Great Value near O'Hare		
May 22 2004	Really Liked This Hotel		
May 4 2004	Great choice when in the Chicago suburbs		
Feb 12 2004	overall great choice		
