	Hey it was ONLY 65 bucks a night!	Me and my boyfriend arrived in chicago with the intention to stay at the Sheffield House. We were really excited about the perfect location, walking distance of everything (including a cheap and amazing bakery for breakfast just north a block on the opposite side of the street ) and after a day of traveling we just wanted to drop off our stuff and start looking at the city.Staff: We arrived and the hotel staff wasn't exactly the most pleasant people but they quickly set us up and we got a one queen bedroom. When we got our key and paid (no refunds by the way) we went to our room and saw that there were NO sheets on the bed. gross. So after telling them they said they didn't have access to the laundry room or linen closet? Long story short we ended up spending the first night with no sheets. haha but we threw on a sweater a cuddled. We're troopers. The next morning after waking up at 6am basically begging and being overly polite we got blankets. A lot of blankets actually. They were clean just covered in some balls of lint. Better then I expected.Strange things: I saw there were pictures of people having fridges and microwaves in their rooms which I asked about. The older lady claimed that they never had those. Ugh. Whatever. Or that none of the rooms have a jacuzzi, which is pictured on the website. The place is a little more 'rustic' then what is pictured on their website.Cleanliness: The carpets were sticky, and there was some dried red stuff in the dresser drawers, and a cigarette burn in the mattress. But no bugs, mold (that I could see) or anything of that caliber. It was a little grimy but even the bathroom wasn't too bad. All very doable for a week. We only got cold water in the shower, but again, not the hugest deal to me. At the end of the day it was just another thing to sort of laugh at. Oh and someone stole the batteries from the tv remote. Location &amp; Cost: I don't think you can beat either. Your close to trains, bus stops, food, touristy things, etc. Next time I visit this amazing city the only thing I'm doing differently is calling ahead and making sure we have sheets!	
Sep 5 2009 	Never Go Here (Unless You Are Desperate or Can't Afford Anything Else)	This was the worst motel I've ever been too. It was so bad, I Googled it just to find a website to write a review about it to; other people need to know, too. Our bed didn't even have a fitted sheet, just two sheets and a blanket. They wouldn't give us extra pillows or blankets. There was no remote for the t.v. and the t.v. was crap. There was no clock, a radiator in the corner for heat, the blinds did NOTHING to block out sun in the morning, we were very iffy about the door lock, everything was dirty, there wasn't even a toilet paper roll holder, a towel was sitting in the corner behind the toilet, you could either get hot OR cold water in the sink, not both, the bathroom door barley shut, I didn't even wanna try the shower! We could hear other people's doors shutting, the CTA EL ran right past the window, paint was peeling off the walls, oh, and did I mention that everything was dirty? The only clean thing was the bedding, thankfully.	
Jun 26 2009 	Omg!!!	I don't know if this is a hotel or a safe house. The hotel is dirty, there is no front desk or actual check in. When we arrived we told them we had a reservation ,the &quot;front desk clerk&quot; gave us a look as if the word &quot;reservation&quot; sounded foreign to him, after a short explanation of what a reservation was, the hotel clerk decided to warn us and told us to check out the rooms before making a final decision. To say that these rooms are OUTDATED would be a compliment. The only positive thing that i could say about this hotel or ROACHTEL is that is located close to the Wrigley field. don't even consider paying $65 a night because that is just ridiculous. I think people should get paid to stay at this hotel.	
Nov 2 2008 	No roaches but no quality either.	I stayed with a friend over Halloween weekend, and experienced much the same as other reviewers.At $65 a night, the Sheffield is by far the most affordable hotel in the area. Wrigley Field is a block away, and it's close to the mass transit. Everything else in the area is two or thee times more expensive.However, nothing can positive can be said about the hotel itself. The staff is terrible, and interact with you as if you're not a guest but a necessary evil. They have obscure rules: &quot;No visitors allowed.&quot; &quot;Anything left in the room after 11am of checkout is considered abandoned.&quot; Also, other reviewers mentioned this being a 'transient hotel', and my stay reinforced that idea.The room, while free of insects that other reviews had, was abyssmal. The ceiling had water damage, mold, and there were numerous defects in just about every category.That said, if you're on a tight budget, the Sheffield is a safe hotel with a great location. Just don't expect anything.	
Aug 11 2008 	I got and killed bed bugs	On August 9,2008 I bookes a room at the shelffield house hotel well looked the room over it was ok and then i left to go to the club but i check back in at 10:30 fell asleep around 11:00 pm woke up iching at 4:30 am went to the bath room to go pee and came back looked on my pillow there was a tiny red bug crowling on my pillow i smash it with t.p. and ther was red smeere so inspected my bad so tree more red bugs on the sheets and a black on i calle the front desk and ask for my money back the guy came up and wanted me to show him we couldn't any and he told me i was liying and i been here for over 10 hours and i was just telling him this we argued and i told him i will called th city inspecter he told me to call them and if they dont find any thing then i will be trouble he left an i called 911 they transfer me to the inspectors office told the lady that they to get some body in to check this building out and thin told what happen gave her my name and phone number and hung up i got my things to gather and whent down stairs slame my room key on the desk and slept in my car.	
Aug 3 2008 	Prior Reviews Harsh	My friend and I drove 10 hours to Chicago to go to Lollapalooza and found out that our prievously booked hotel had accidentally cancelled our reservations. Well, after such a long drive and it being 3 in the morning, I was extremely tired and upset and just wanted to find somewhere to stay. Every other hotel was booked, and we were getting desperate. We accidentally stumbled across the House Hotel and asked for a room. The guy was sweet and gave us a two bedroom room for only $70 a night. We walked up the staircase after recieving our key and to our room. It's an older hotel, but pretty well kept. We had cable television, free wi-fi, and an amazing air-conditioner. The train is only about 2 minutes away walking, and you can virtually smoke anywhere in the building.If you're looking for a fancy-shmancy hotel that will burn a hole in your pocket, don't go to the Sheffield House. If you'd rather have a roof over your head, comfortable beds, and do it all for cheap, check in here.	
May 28 2008 	Ummmm No!	This is basically a transient hotel. Yes, the location is awesome, but if you suffer from allergies, this is not the place for you. There is massive dirt everywhere. Don't even look at the dust monsters under the stairs. The best thing was when we looked at our pictures later and saw all the gross drip marks on the wall that we couldn't see in the dim, dingy lighting. The elevator is cute, but sliding your money to the woman behind the glass is scary. The mold in the bathroom is also scary and very pink. We stripped the bed of the comforter and put several layers of our own blankets down, including two sleeping bags. We felt that was pretty good protection and we didn't get a rash or anything like that. We came prepared for a dump and we weren't disappointed. The room had a wide variety of appliances though, including a toaster oven, microwave, and a mini fridge. Anyway, it's a really cheap place to stay in the heart of boys town and the doors are really thin, but it wasn't too scary in a dangerous sort of way. I'd never do it again, but it was a sort of adventure.	
May 26 2008	Fine for the price	This hotel isn't posh or upmarket but when you are only paying $50 a night it really isn't that bad. The room was clean enough although I stayed there for 3 nights and never had a maid come and service the room. The bathroom is old and dated but functional. The location is great for boystown / north halsted bars and very close to the train station. I thought it was fine for the price and would stay here again.	
Apr 29 2008	Don't Stay here !!!!!!!!	Just wanted a cheap place to pass out after we went out for the night. Heard this place wasn't great but figured it wouldn't be bad for a few hours of sleep.. First off, got there and the lady at the desk was rude and mean, got over that and went upstairs to our room the hallways smelled really bad, got into the room and it was filthy , smelled bad, stains on the carpet and chairs, stains on the bedsheets and pillowcases, hair on the pillows, looked like they made an attempt to make the beds.. but they definately hadn't washed the sheets or pillowcases or anything since the last guests stayed in room, carpet was filthy, furnature had cigarette burns on it, everything was just disgusting.. i didn't even want to touch anything. Ceiling light didn't work, fan looked like it was going to fall off the ceiling, electrical looked dangerous,no screens on the windows, they wouldn't let us have guests in the room.. even for 15 mins while we got ready to go out.. I honestly would expect a homeless shelter to be nicer than this place.. i highly recommend spending the extra money on a real hotel.. even if a person or two has to sleep on the floor.. it would be cleaner than the beds in this place...ewwww	
Oct 17 2007 	A dirty scarey place	We stayed for a weekend and unfortunately it was during the Chicago marathon, when it was very hard to find downtown hotels. The outside of the hotel is classic, vintage and in a great neighborhood with great ethnic restaurants and coffeehouses. We're used to &quot;European-type&quot; hotels.But the charm ended there. The hotel and room was dirty, smelly (cat urine and cigarettes), unsafe (the door didn't lock properly), and the phone cord had been ripped out of the wall. The walls are very thin, but luckily the guy in the neigboring room, watched sitcoms late into the night and not porn. Why did I stay there with my 4 kids? I figured that since the hotel had a website, it must be ok. We figured that we'd be &quot;out and about&quot; all day visiting the sites. And now we have great stories about staying in a flop house. But at the time, my children and I were definitely afraid when we stayed there. I'm amazed that this hotel exists, as it is more like the homeless shelter that I volunteer for.	
Apr 11 2007 	Faye	A place right out of a movie: hexagon tile floors, an elevator that holds four with a cage door to close before it works. If you want to visit Chicago, don't mind some rather simple place to stay, and want to be two blocks north of the scoreboard at Wrigley; this is it. I keep expecting Faye Dunaway and Jack friggin Nicholson to come around the corner anytime. A bonus is access to the redline el that takes you downtown to anything else you might want to visit: Lincoln Park Zoo, anything on Michigan, the museums, Soldier field, etc. North (away from the ballpark) you find a latino neighborhood with a mexican grocery store and a wonderful panderia, just right for breakfast goodies. Several taverns in the same location with non-wrigleyville prices. Five stays there, intend a sixth this summer.	
Sep 4 2006 	I got bed bugs from the hotel	I spent a not so charming evening at the sheffield hotel, I went looking for a man in boys town... and the only thing ended up with was a cochroch in my suitcase and a weird rash on my entire body! ( the doctor says it's bed bugs) Not to mention I tried to bring a vistor in and I had to pay a $10 cover to get him in! I also had to pay $5 extra for a/c! The hallways smell of urine, booze, and nastines! The manager had no customer service skills what so ever! The water presure was was sub par... I got a better shower waking in rain! The sheets had holes in them... over all i think that there are prisons better then his hotel.	
Nov 14 2005	not bad not great	If you don't mind not having some of the luxuries of normal hotels, and you're on a budget.. then this place is fine. Yeah I saw a mouse and the smoke detector was chirping (we took it off the ceiling ourselves), but we just sorta laughed at the experience. One of the employees, Judy, was very nice if you strike up a conversation. She'll give you everything you need if you just simply ask! FYI, our sheets seemed pretty clean. All you need (liquor store/bakery/bar/restaruant/market/train station) is right down the block too!	
Aug 20 2004	Perfectly acceptable for not much money	I've stayed at Sheffield House three times in the last four summers for a few nights at a time. I go to Chicago to hang out with friends, so I'm only in the room long enough to sleep and get cleaned up. I won't contend that the place is the Ritz, but it's a perfectly acceptable place to stay if what you want is a fairly comfortable bed for the night and a shower in the morning. The bedding is a little worn, the towels are a little small, and you won't get chocolates on your pillow. Oh well. It's just a couple of blocks south of the el in a quiet residential neighborhood (though I've never been there when the Cubs are playing). I just hope the place doesn't get so popular that they jack up the rates or I can't get a room when I'm in town.	
Jun 12 2004	Know what you're getting into!	I wanted to stay close to Wrigley Field for as cheap as possible. This fit my budget! I was there in mid August of 2001 and blew the fuse in my room. Being from the SFO Bay Area, this reminded me of the Tenderloin District. Having said that, during my stay it was quiet, I noticed a family of four staying there as well. Wrigley Field is 2 blocks away, the El is 3 blocks. There is a neighborhood bar (Wrigleyville North) a half a block away. Best but not least, a block beyond that is a retail district with numerous affordable restaurants.If this bothers you, stay downtown.	
Mar 17 2004	I thought this was a hotel???	I thought this was a hotel, instead it was an experience. I felt that this was the place where Elwood lived in the Blues Brothers, nice Chicago touch. If you like dust and dirt, this is the best place to stay in Chicago. Staff looked me over like they were going to rob me when I left. The drunks, I mean transients who live here have that natural urine smell that you look for in a nice place to stay. This place is a cheap place to stay, I mean cheap. I used plastic bags to line the bed because my bed sheets were naturally pokka dotted, gross. If you like sleazy dives come stay at the Sheffield House, its one experience you will never forget.	
Jul 7 2003	great for students	myself and 2 friends decided to take a trip to chicago. living only 3 hours away, we didn't know if we would stay or drive back. it really sucks, being 19 and not having hotels rent to you (i almost got stuck in detroit with this).i found out about the sheffield house thru a person at a clothing store. the place was a definite find. it was a little expensive being the 4th of july weekend, but it was $65 for 3 of us.it wasn't the greatest room ever, but it was fairly clean, had AC on a 100+ temp. day, over 80 channels of cable, close to the el and shopping, and let us stay being under 21. overall, a bargain.also, this hotel is over 80 years old and has the feel of a 40's joint. you can smoke in most places in it, the doorway is a marble arch, and the elevator is a chain/gate one.	
May 28 2003	You get what you pay for!	Other reviews I have read have been right on! The place is old and dirty and is home to some unique individuals. On the other hand it is a great location for a group trip to Wriggleyville where all you care about is a roof over your head, a bed to sleep in, and a little extra money for the bar tab. The good point is when your stumbling back after a night in Wriggleyville you'll mix right in. The subway system is located blocks away and the place is a good Chicago experience away from the hotel norm. Parking can be tough to find because the hotel is in the heart of a populated multi residential neighborhood.	
Jan 31 2003	Not the best idea	I happen to live on the same block as the Sheffield House. Two positive things about this place: It's cheap ($30) and it is ideally located for the Wrigleyville neighborhood (right on the north end of Wrigleyville.) The bad: This place is sleazy with drunks staggering around and frequent police visits. It used to be called The Carlos Hotel and was targeted at transient (live-in) guests. It did clean up a lot when the name changed, but I'd still avoid it if possible.	
