	Great!	The favorable reviews, free WiFi, free breakfast, pool, location, and discounted parking was the reason I decided to stay at this hotel. I booked the standard room with 2 Full beds. At check-in, the friendly receptionist upgraded us an Executive room with King bed and pullout sofa. The room was a very spacious corner room on the top floor with 2 walls of windows for an impressive view of the surrounding city. The bathroom was large and modern. The deskspace was 10 feet long with 2 leather executive chairs. Just a great experience. Everything in the hotel is new and modern. The only downside is the pool and hottub are really small! But the kids had fun, and it didn't matter. Everything else was excellent.	
Nov 18 2009 	HIGHLY RECOMMEND STAYING HERE	Stayed here for 2 nights in Nov. and will definetly return. The hotel is spotless, has a great location, and very up-to-date. Not to mention that the front desk staff were some of the nicest, most helpful people we encountered on our trip. For the room, we could not have been more satisfied with the cleanliness and amenities. The beds were comfy, shower was spacious and modern, and the TV's were awesome (not the tiny ones seen at many hotels). Overall great place to stay.	
Nov 5 2009 	Great Location	My work booked this hotel due to the fact that it is basically across the street from our corporate office. The hotel was easy to find, in great location, and the people were wonderful. The view from my 5th floor room was of other windows and covered parking - would have like to see some of the sights. My only real complaint is that I needed a refrigerator for my medication. Most hotels all feature mini fridge/microwave. This hotel did not have a mini-fridge. And since the room was paid for by someone else, I could not add one. It turned out not to be too big of a deal as I filled the ice bucket up with ice and kept my medication on it all night but I had no way of refreezing my ice packs to keep in my bag. That being my only issue, I would definately stay here again as the proximity to the &quot;EL&quot; and office can't be beat.	
Oct 24 2009 	Beat Expectations !	Our overnight stay exceeded my expectations. Room was great, overlooking Franklin Street. Staff was friendly, but not overly knowledgeable about the Loop area. We thought the location was ideal - lots of restaurants. Go to Caffe Rom across the street for strong Italian coffee. We discovered the Freshii cafe around the corner which we loved. Also ate at Lloyds (one block west) which was very good. The location is in the commercial area, so you see lots of business people, and few tourists. This was find with me! The one negative was the lack of quality of their breakfast (scrambled eggs were from package etc) but what can you expect for the price of the room? Oct 22, 2009.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great place to stay but the Loop is dead in the evenings	The location is great for sightseeing in the downtown area of Chicago. 2 blocks from the Sears Tower, an easy walk to the Art Institute. We hardly even used the subway. BUT the Loop, with the exception of the Theatre District, is dead for the most part in the evenings. Since it's not a very residential area, most of the stores and restaurants shut down. We were there Friday to Sunday, not sure if this holds true all week, though.The hotel itself was very comfortable, the room was spacious. In fact, it was a little empty; they could have easily added a nice couch to ours. A long desk under the window was great for setting up my laptop (the free wifi was effortlessly easy to use). The staff was very nice and helpful (even if they didn't have any stamps for my postcards). The free breakfast spread was outstanding (though I wish they had skim milk and other fat-free stuff). Business and fitness centers were easily accessible in the basement.My one big complaint about the room was that it had a shower stall but no tub. I prefer a tub for a nice bath. I can live without it, but the shower in this case leaked all over the bathroom floor. Bad design. Quit trying to be so &quot;modern&quot;.	
Oct 18 2009 	Amazing value in the Loop	This new hotel had a great location 1 block for the Sears Tower, a hot breakfast with eggs and waffle maker, great flatscreens with actuall High Def signal. The only negative is a pool and hot tub the size of a bathtub but man it was a great value. Will be back	
Oct 15 2009	Wonderful Experience!	This was the best price I could find in the downtown area of Chicago. It was my first trip there so I was a little nervous about how this hotel would be. If I come back to Chicago ( I hope to soon), I will absolutely stay here again. The rooms were nice and very clean. The breakfast was great and FREE and the location was perfect. The most memorable part was that after we arrived, we recieved a phone call in the room to ensure we had everything we needed. I don't think any hotel has ever done that before!	
Oct 8 2009 	The hotel was the perfect location price and amenities	We always try to stay at La Quinta Inn &amp; Suites. We find them to be very clean with the right price. The Chicago downtown location was no exception, plus it was modern, accommodating, and located close to the trains and attractions we were interested in. I know we will stay at this hotel again!	
Sep 8 2009 	Location is great!	We stayed only one night ( Saturday) but hotel was comfortable and clean. Room furniture was modern and bed very comfortable. Very quite did not hear any night noises. Breakfast bar was well stock and the breakfast area is very spacious. The front desk was very nice and all went well. Parking lot is close by and is discounted on the weekends.	
Sep 7 2009 	I will defiently be back!	September 05, 2009This was the first time I was in Chicago.This was a very good experience.We got there before check in and they let us get into the room early.If we weren't able to they would allow you to store your luggage in a locked room before and after check out.The room was clean.The beds were comfortable.It has a large screen TV with HBO.The bathroom had a coffee pot,coffee,cream,sugarand cups.The ice machine was close by with reasonable priced pop.The closet had a iron and ironing board.It also stated that if you didn't remember to bring you razor,toothbrush,toothpaste etc..they could provide it for you.The pool and whirlpool was inside and clean and with towels.The free breakfast was outstanding.It had homemade waffles,scrambled eggs,bacon,sausage,muffins,bagels,yogurt,fruit,coffee,cereal,tea and juices.The shower head had many settings and they provided shampoo and soap.It had a desk and chair in the room with free internet hookup.I was also very impressed on how nice the workers treated you.I felt it was necessary to let someone know.Pros: Swimming pool,whirl pool,free awesome breakfastCons: Couldn't stay longer!	
Sep 4 2009	La Quinta downtown	Just spent two nights at the new La Quinta at Madison and Franklin. Whatta bargain! Rooms were spotless; staff was cordial and helpful; breakfast was in a spacious, light room with a large assortment of hot and cold food. It is 2-4 blocks from Union Station and so convenient. An easy walk to the Art Museum, Millinneum Park and the Magnificent Mile. Be sure to look into Chicago greeter program from the Cultural Center..a great addition to our tripl Our total bill was $257 for two nights with breakfast!	
Aug 24 2009	Great place for the price	The La Quinta was very clean and very secure. Called out for food late at night and the security person wouldn't let the delivery person up without first calling me. The breakfast is outstanding. The room was beautiful and fairly large. I didn't notice any late night noise and the bed was very comfortable. This motel is one block from the Sears Tower (can't remember the new name). Very convenient location. Parking is $$, but I think that is standard in downtown Chicago.	
Aug 15 2009 	Not worth the price.	The hot tub wasn't very clean and the hot tub and pool are tiny.The breakfast was good. The room was clean.You are better off staying outside of Downtown and taking public transportation.	
Aug 15 2009 	Felt very comfortable here	We were Chicago first-timers, and lucked into a great rate ($116/night) for this hotel on Travelzoo. Hotel is easily accessed from the Interstates, and then you are right in the middle of things...we walked to State St, Sears Tower, Millennium Park and Chicago Art Institute. Rooms are shiny and new, with very stylish comforters and outfittings. Wifi worked great. Breakfast was very good. Staff was friendly. Parking was expensive, at $36 per night, but we parked in a public garage two blocks away and only paid $22 per night. We requested a high floor and so didn't hear any traffic noise. I was puzzled by the person complaining about the shower stall...you just turn the shower head toward the wall before turning the water on; that way you can easily adjust the water temp. Great hotel overall.	
Aug 7 2009 	Awesome hotel - very clean and new - excellent service	The minute I walked in the doors I knew this was a great , clean hotel..Rooms are very Contemporary, beautiful bathrooms and very comfortable king size beds..It is a 5 minute cab ride to the Magnificent mile ( although you could walk , it could take a while) , You can see the Sears tower from your room. I loved that they provided a complimentary breakfast in the morning , swimming pool, exercise room and computer access. The only thing I did not like was you have to pay for parking ( around $30/day) Other than that this place is awesome for a business or leisure trip to Chicago.	
Jul 27 2009 	Great location / room / breakfast - excellent!	Stayed here for one night but wish it could have been longer. we were en route to Montana and booked this hotel online.Very central location, short walk to Sears tower etc.Room was great - clean and spacious. Unusually for the USA breakfast was included - also very good.	
Jul 3 2009 	Great Location Fair Price Nice Hotel	I spent one night here, while in Chicago for a business trip. I believe the hotel just recently opened, so everything seemed pretty new. The check in was quick and easy, and Leo the doorman was very friendly. My room was clean and comfortable, especially the bed. I loved the FREE wireless internet service (nowadays, far too many hotels gouge for that) and the FREE breakfast was more than sufficient. I had dinner with an old high school buddy, so I can’t speak to the restaurants, but Starbucks and Dunkin’ Donuts were in close proximity.The best thing about the hotel? My room rate was $116/night, which is pretty hard to find in downtown Chicago! The hotel was an easy train ride from Midway (at $5.50 round trip, why take a cab?) and the walk from the El, depending upon which station you exit, was just a block or two.The only flaw was my failure to ask for an “inside” room. Chicago is an all night town and the street noise was a little irritating for this fairly light sleeper. Overall, a good stay and I would not hesitate to return to this La Quinta.	
Jun 11 2009 	La Quinta Chicago Downtown Money suckers.	I checked in this hotel late on 11:00 PM the usual check-in time is 3:00PM.When I checked in I have told the front desk that I will be checking out late which they made a note.I was told specifically that they charge for a night.Now when I see my credit card bills it seems they have charged for 2 nights.Now they are giving excuses that the late check-out cannot be so late (10:00 PM) at night.My question is they could have informed me earlier that I need to pay for an additional night.Infact I could have stayed an additional night.This is a trick to eat money as they have the credit card number to do anything.Never ever stay here.Be very cautious to stay in these type of hotels.Its better to give a penny to a beggar rather that to the money making attitude these hotels have. I have read different reviews that La Quinta is famous to snach money from the common people this way.	
Jun 6 2009 	Many kinks to still be worked out	We ended up staying at La Quinta in downtown Chicago over Memorial Day weekend after our originally booked room via Hotels.com Hampton Inn wasn't available, due to some snafu of communication between Hotels.com's servers and those of the Hamton Inn.Though everything in this hotel was brand new, and the front desk staff were very kind and friendly, we were very disappointed by the value we felt we received during our stay given the price to quality of experience ratio.The walls of our hotel room were exceptionally thin, as we could clearly hear the casual conversations of the family staying next door to us. The room was extremely dry, such that each morning of our two night stay we awoke dehydrated with our eyes red and our faces puffy. Not an exciting experience nor sight! ...lol. We requested foam pillows (in lieu of the feather pillows provided) due to allergies, but none were available during our stay. The bathroom was very spacious, however the design of the shower stall (no tub) baffled us. Due to the positioning of the glass entry door in relation to the on/off/hot/cold knob within the long rectangular shower stall, one had to fully step into the shower in order to turn it on, thus getting immediately soaked with cold water. I jumped out the first time, only to realize that I couldn't reach far enough in to adjust the water from warm to cold, without again having to step completely into the stall. The problem could have been remedied were the door installed on the opposite/shower head side of the stall. It's a shame no one thought of that.Breakfast was a little frustrating on our first morning. They've set up a very cool make your own waffle station, however positioned it at the entrance to the breakfast room. There was a constant thick crowd of guests crowded around the station waiting for their waffles, which made it very difficult to actually get into the breakfast room. The assortment of bagles, cereals, yogurts, fruits, etc. were completely satisfactory, however the staff on the morning of our stay were extremely slow in replenishing things when they ran out. I was able to access the cereal, but had to wait 15 minutes for more milk to be brought out, and then realized that the spoons were all gone too. We tried to dine in the breakfast room on the next morning of our stay (Memorial Day Monday) and were told by the front desk staff that on weekends and holidays the breakfast room stayed open until 10am, but to our dismay, they closed the room up at 9am that morning like a normal Monday (we showed up at 9:30am to an empty space). We accepted our fate of no breakfast, but still wanted a cup of coffee. We were suprised to learn that the hotel didn't keep out a coffee pot/tea station like most other hotels we'd be accustomed to staying within. All-in-all, a mildly frustrating, uncomfortable stay at La Quinta. Not worth the rates ($430 for a two-night stay) that we were charged, given what they offered.	
Jun 3 2009	Central Downtown Location 1 Block From Sears Tower	The pricing coupled with the newness and the location, make this a comfortable value.	
May 29 2009 	Very nice new value hotel	I enjoyed my one night stay. I was in Chicago on business and this new La Quinta gave me what I needed for a comfortable stay away from home. The hotel is very clean and the staff was attentive and friendly. I liked the wireless internet in the room which worked great and was included in the rate. I paid $113 which is excellent for a modern, good-sized room with breakfast in a very good location in downtown Chicago. I highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay there again if in town on business or pleasure.	
May 28 2009 	worth the price to stay dowtown.	This hotel is definitely the least expensive in the area but paying less doesn't mean you are getting less. The rooms are super clean and have a nice art deco look. The breakfast was more than your average continental breakfast. Eveyrthing was always fresh and they never ran out of food, so there's no need to rush and get there early. The staff was friendly with us and my puppy whom I can never leave behind. The fitness center was small, but perfect for a workout. The pool, was small but also perfect for a quick dip.	
Apr 21 2009 	A great stay for a great price!	We stayed for two nights at this brand new hotel. Amazing beds, almost sound proof rooms. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Can't beat these rates!	
Sep 14 2009 	Empfehlenswert!!		
