Oct 22 2009 	Would not recommend	I would not recommend the Habitat Suites for many reasons, but the first and foremost is that their service is terrible. I did not get internet until the second day of my stay and then it went out again because the phone went dead. Promises were not kept and voice mails were not returned. The bed was extremely soft and the springs were dead. Even though I was on a higher floor, I could clearly hear street noise at all hours (especially sirens). A light bulb was out in the bathroom and a burner on the stove was out. The room had a pretty good view from four large windows which had shades, but needed curtains to block out light at night. The televion remote worked about 10% of the time, so surfing was out of the question. At least the room was clean and I had a fully stocked kitchen.	
Oct 15 2009 	night mare	bad management.... i am not talking about the house maids they service was good but the high level management are mean....they try to charge for everything...	
Jul 19 2009 	More room and comfort than a budget hotel -- at a budget price.	I was in Chicago for a conference and research at the University of Chicago, and, of course, found time to see some of the sights with my husband. We wanted more room and comfort than the average budget hotel for our 5-day stay, and we certainly got it -- and at a budget price! We were walking distance to Union Station, and on several major bus routes. The room was only technically a studio, as the bedroom was separated from the living room by a 3/4-wall. The kitchen was well-stocked with the basic utensils, but remember to pick up some salt and pepper and napkins in the grocery store on the ground floor. The building also houses a McDonald's and a Thai restaurant (mediocre at best, but handy). Our only minor quibble was that they cleaned the room the day before we left, without notice.	
May 10 2009 	Mid west beige	Melting pot of mostly ethnic corporate travellers and low socio-demographic profiles as the Presidential Towers complex also houses what they refer to in US, section 8, housing for low income households. Not that this was of concern but making note of the diverse array of people this complex provides housing for. Bland and basic standard fare for corporate stay. Furnishings pretty ordinary but practical. Security a bit over the top but assuring. Beware having packages delivered. Packages addressed correctly rendered me deceased and sent elsewhere. Lost luggage delivered to the complex by the airline was like an Easter egg hunt til found it was sent to the valet that closes Saturday 3pm and does not re-open until Monday 7:30am. No-one has access on Sundays according to Tower management which I still find difficult to swallow. I recommend Habitat as a starting point but next visit would prefer to not stay downtown, although this has come with familiarising myself with Chicago and inner neighbourhoods over the two months I have been here.	
Mar 24 2009 	Like My Own Apartment!	I stayed in here for business for a few days and was extremely comfortable. My room was a suite which was basically like a one bedroom apartment. Very nice.	
Mar 19 2009 	Thumbs up for Habitat Corporate Suites!!!	My family and I recently stayed at the Habitat Corporate Suites at Presidential Towers located downtown Chicago and it was fantastic! I give Habitat Corporate Suites a thumbs up! The staff was very professional and accommodating! The furnished apartment was nice, clean and had a great view! Great service and pricing…you really get a lot for your money. Strongly recommend them!	
