Oct 12 2009 	Great Value and Great Staff	We stayed at this hotel the night before an early flight from Midway and what a pleasant stay it was. The rooms were clean and up to date and the TV had probably 200 channels. The staff really made our stay by informing us that we could jump on the train, right around the corner, and be downtown in 20 minutes. We did just that and had dinner at a restaurant that was personally recommended by the manager. The next morning at 5 a.m., we came down the stairs and the driver was waiting next to the van with the doors open to take us to Midway. Best of all, we paid $25 less than the other hotels in the area-this place is a gem	
Aug 11 2009 	We loved this Welcoming Safe Dog-friendly Fair-priced Inn near Chicago	We felt welcomed and safe by the friendly staff and always present security guard at this clean, well-maintained inn. For the price, which is reasonable (about $100 per night), you really get a lot for your money. We were surprised at how nice they were about our dog. We paid $5 extra per night, and they even had a little doggy &quot;welcome package&quot;, with a handkerchief, bones, and treats for him. The continental breakfast was also really nice. This hotel is NOT central to Chicago's tourist sights, and the neighborhood is not fancy, but we felt pretty safe, especially because of the security guard and well-lit parking lot.	
Jun 14 2009 	We liked it	Not much to add to all the other reviews but wanted to share the fact that we liked this place. It is FAR less expensive than staying downtown. It might not be the best of areas (we really are no experts on that) but the Orange line is close and we did have the motel drive us there. The staff was very friendly and helpful. You're about a mile from Midway and 6 miles from downtown (takes about 25 minutes on the Orange line to to State/Lake). Better than average Continental Breakfast selection.	
May 21 2009 	Great staff	Stayed there there one night to fly out the next day. The room was nice and clean and there was free transportation to the airport in the morning. The staff was really nice and helpfull. Not the greatest neighbourhood but felt safe and it is close to a metro station and Midway airport.	
Apr 7 2009 	Clean and fresh! Great location!	I drove in from Iowa. Parked for free at the hotel, and then explored the city by the CTA's L train. I am thankful I didn't need to deal with the downtown parking hassles and expenses ($20-40 per night at the hotels).Room was great- as clean as the reviewers have already mentioned. Staff was so helpful- more so than at many fancier hotels.I must've seen two dozens museums in my week long visit! A truly fascinating visit to Chicago!	
Jan 4 2009 	Impressive Outstanding Spectactular	As I work for a major hotel chain and due to location, it was not beneficial, I chose to stay in this area. I tend to be more critical of properties and in this case I was totally impressed!!! First that the staff at this hotel is amazing, quick, friendly, professional, and helpful!!! From simple questions to quick delivery of an ethernet cable to meet my needs. Outstanding!!!!!I checked the room and found that it was in great condition and very clean for both general cleaning and overall cleaning. I was very impressed that the hotel offers single serve coffee machines and the nicest factor was that they have dispensers for shampoo, conditioner, soap, etc so there are NO PLASTIC BOTTLES which is great for the environment. This property is definately a great bargain and is worth it for the service alone. Great job to Carlton Inn Team as you are doing a great job!	
Dec 8 2008 	Awesome staff	Needed a couple nights while meeting family coming in from different parts of the world, So I picked this hotel for location to Midway. One family member came in Midway, two others from England at O'hare. The staff directed us and guided us and even shuttled me to a grocery store. My whole family enjoyed the stay. The only disappointment was the fee for my dogs. I don't think a hotel should charge a per night, per dog fee. I was impressed that the owner also worked the hotel.Thank you staff.	
Oct 22 2008 	Would recommend this hotel because of the staff	My sister booked this hotel based on TripAdvisor reviews and price. She and her husband wanted me to join them on their trip to Chicago, but were driving from the west and would arrive very late. I was flying from the southeast and was unwilling to wait hours in the airport and didn't want the hassle of trying to get from the airport to a hotel on my own. The Carlton Inn Midway is very close to the Midway airport and has a free shuttle so when they booked this hotel, I decided to join them.  When I arrived, I went to a bank of phones close to the baggage terminal and dialed the number listed for the hotel (free) and was told where to go to be picked up (out door 2 and the center median) and that I would be picked up shortly. Rowena called me by name and sounded very nice. The Carlton has their own van and during the short drive to the hotel, the driver provided a lot of useful information--best way to get to some places the following day, where I might get something to eat later, the safety of the area, etc.  When I checked in, Rowena had a packet of papers with directions to all the places my sister had asked about. The van driver, Gary, and Rowena had a discussion about the best way to get to one of the places we were going early the next morning and decided that the driver's directions were better. Gary insisted on carrying my bag to my room and said if I needed anything or had any other questions to let them know, that was what they were there for. A third set of towels was on the bed. Rowena called shortly with parking information about the place we were going the next day. A few minutes later she called again saying that she was going to bring me a printed copy of the revised driving directions. The individual rooms don't have irons or boards, but she said that she would have someone deliver them.  The hotel is a two-story building with outside entrances-see picture. Our room was a pretty standard hotel room with two queen beds, satelite tv, fridge, and microwave. There was a small table/desk in an alcove with two kitchen type chairs.The heat/air blew on you when sitting there. The room was clean, but had no overhead lighting so was a little dark. The bed and pillows were comfortable.The following day when the maid had only left two towel sets, more arrived within minutes of my notifying the office. They were certainly not luxurious, but I was offered as many as I wanted. No tolietries are in the room. Liquid soap is in a dispenser that drips onto the plug of the hair dryer, and the soap and shampoo in the shower dispenser look very much the same.  A continental breakfast is included and is set up in the small lobby. There are three couches and a free internet computer in the lobby, as well as one small table that seats three. Trays are provided so that you can take your breakfast back to your room. The breakfast included bananas, apples, oranges, yougart, bagels and cream cheese, a variety of fancy donuts, and large Dunkin Donuts sausage, egg, and cheese bagels. Orange juice and coffee were the available drinks. The hotel staff offered to take/pick us up at the El/subway station, but it is a very short walk from the hotel and the neighborhood felt safe even late at night. There is a bank parking lot on one side of the hotel and a high school across the street. Archer is a busy street, but we were not bothered by any plane or car noise at night. There is a small restaurant (Pindos)on the corner with good very reasonably priced food and nice people. There are several pizza places also close by. The Carlton is a reasonably priced and adequate hotel with outstanding service and staff. I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 30 2008 	What a great place to stay	After reviewing this hotel on trip advisor we called the hotel to reserve a room. The staff at this hotel is one of the best we have had the pleasure of dealing with in our many years of travel. At check in they gave us tips on what to see, where to eat based on there personal experience and how to get there. The &quot;L&quot; Orange line station is only 2 blocks away and they shuttled us there and back many times during our 4 day stay. You can get to almost anywhere from the light rail combined with a short taxi ride if neccesary.They also shuttled us to Midway Airport when it was time to leave. The room was clean and comfortable and although we were told the airport noise might bother us we really didn't notice. They have a small but sufficient continental breakfast complete with sausage and egg bagels from Dunkin Donuts.This is not a 5 star downtown resort but the staff here goes the extra mile to make there guests feel welcome and provides the best service anyone could ask for. Thanks to them our stay in Chicago was all we could have asked for. We highly recomend this hotel to anyone who does not want to stay in downtown at a 3 to 5 hundred dollar a night hotel.	
Jun 6 2008 	QUIET SAFE CLEAN	My cousin and I had been at a B&amp;B and were disappointed. We wanted something near Midway where we could tour the city and then come back relax, have some popcorn and watch TV. We wanted to &quot;hunker&quot; down for the night and wake up early.The motel is nothing fancy but it sure is CLEAN and quiet with a nice table for reading the newspaper, etc. The staff is VERY helpful. We would stay again.	
Nov 26 2007 	Felt like home	Even before I got to my room, I'd already experienced a warm connection to the Charlton Inn Midway staff. The shuttle came to the airport quickly and the driver was friendly. The reception I received from the check-in staff was courteous and they spent a generous amount of time showing me how to use the public rail-system to get downtown and gave me information on many sights to see. The room itself was clean, updated and spacious. The continental breakfast was filling. This was my first trip to Chicago and, although it was too brief, whether I return alone or with family, I already know I'll be staying at the Charlton. My thanks to everyone for making my stay so pleasant!	
Oct 22 2007 	So friendly and helpful	If you don't need the luxury of a higher priced place to stay, and you want a convenient location with a very helpful staff, this is a good choice. Bathroom facility could be better...like at least a shelf for toiletries; and the only cleansers provided were the gel and shampoo... in the shower. Towels could double as exfoliators! And the telephone was across from the foot of the bed. The Internet was very slow. But we didn't mind as everything else compensated. The staff even offered to drive us to a movie theater 8 miles away!	
Oct 20 2007	Excellent service however there are limitations	While the management was extraordinarily helpful there are definately things you should be aware of before booking here. The area is as described by a previous reviewer however we did not feel safe walking in the neighborhood after dark. That was a limitation because if we didn't feel comfortable walking to &amp; from the orange line, we were forced to be in the room before dark. It is about a 5 minute walk to the orange line, however the ride to the loop from this location is about 30 minutes. The rooms are clean, but old and there was definately a very musty smell that was quite unpleasant and I never did get used to it. The planes overhead were so loud, it was hard to hear the TV unless the volume was turned up to the point that I was afraid it would disturb those next door. I think we got the same room as the other reviewer that said the bathroom door hit the toilet, unless they are all that way! It seems to be the choice of truckers because there were several trucks in the parking lot the nights we stayed. Lastly, it was not convenient to downtown Chicago unless you intend to go there and stay all day (no easy return midday for rest to enjoy a later evening). Although the management could not have been more considerate, we will not choose this motel again for the above reasons.	
Oct 15 2007 	Fantastic Service	This was a great hotel because the staff is so friendly and accommodating. They are willing to drive you the subway station or bus stop and they were helpful giving feedback on places to go. Place was clean, safe and comfortable. I recommend this to anyone looking for good neighborhood service.	
Oct 12 2007 	Great place to stay	Very convenient and nice place to stay. Staff went way out of their way to accommodate us when we left our bag at the hotel. I plan on staying here again in the future.	
Sep 6 2007 	A great place to stay!	We've now stayed at Carlton Inn Midway on two successive Chicago tripsover two summers, and would recommend it to anyone, anytime. Its convenience to Midway Airport and the CTA system are good points. The good restaurants close by, especially Pindos, are also pluses, as well as the neighborhood &quot;feel&quot; of the area.But far and away, the cleanliness and comfort of the rooms, the courtesy and friendliness of the entire staff, and the reasonable rates put it on top of my list for any trip to the Windy City.You can pick any &quot;name&quot; hotel where you'll pay a lot more, but you won't find a better &quot;deal&quot; or finer people than right here.Steve RossBirmingham, AL	
Aug 15 2007	A nice economical place to stay in Chicago	We had a family reunion and celebrated a birthday while at the Carlton Inn Midway in Chicago. The hotel was nice, clean, convenient,accomodating, and knowlegeable about sites to see and how to use the public transportation. The shuttle service was ABSOLUTELY perfect. A nice and affordable stay.	
Aug 10 2007 	A Very Nice Stay in Chicago!	We loved our stay at the Carlton Inn Midway this summer which started with the airport shuttle. At the motel, the staff was so very accomodating and helpful. Also, the location was great as we could walk to the Orange line rail and travel all over the city. Our room was clean and comfortable. (Some counter space in the bathroom would have made the little room more convenient). At the staff's advise, the nearby Pindo's family restaurant was also great. All in all, our stay at the Carlton Inn Midway was very enjoyable and we would highly recommend it to anyone who doesn't need luxury, but just wants a truly nice, clean, friendly and comfortable stay. Thank You!	
Aug 9 2007	Friendly and Helpful Staff	The entire staff (including the two great in resident dogs) were very nice and helpful telling us about great restaurants in area and in downtown Chicago. Nice having a shuttle take us to the airport right when we wanted. Enjoyed having a microwave and refrigerator in our room too. Also liked that the Orange L train was only a couple of blocks away - easy walk. They even did our airline boarding passes for us.	
Aug 6 2007 	More than I expected	I was very impressed with the hospitality of the hotel staff. They were very friendly and knowledgeable about the area. Their shuttle took us to and from the airport. Their shuttle even took us to and from the train station even though it was within walking distance from the hotel. They were very helpful with explaining the transit system and transit fare cards to us. Our room was comfortable and clean. The breakfast of Dunkin' Donuts bagels, donuts and breakfast sandwiches was awesome, especially after a stay at a Radisson that provided no free breakfast items. I would definitely recommend staying here. There are several restaurants in walking distance also. We ate at Pindo's, a family style restaurant with good food, good prices and friendly staff that is only two doors down.	
Jul 19 2007 	Good price and location really great staff	The hotel is right on the Pulaski stop of the CTA and is about a 15 minute ride in to the Loop. For the price, the location is fantastic. You can park your car and just head straight into the city. The exterior looks like a standard motor lodge, but the rooms themselves are really nice and beautifully decorated. There's a fridge, a big TV with DVR capability, a desk, a bed with really soft and plentiful pillows. The high speed wireless internet was slow when I stayed there, but they were working on fixing it. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast included coffee, donuts, and Dunkin Donuts egg sandwiches.	
Jul 11 2007 	great inexpensive hotel	The staff at the hotel were very knowledgeable and able to offer information on how to get to many destinations. The room was very clean. Security was excellent. Great deal!!!	
Jun 26 2007 	Solid value but some limitations	Overall this place has maximized what it can do with what it is. It looks like it used to be a rundown roadside motel, and they completely refurbished the place and renovated the rooms with cute trendy decor, and lots of nice modern amenities like digital cable TV, fridge, microwave, free wireless internet. There is a modest free continental breakfast (i.e. donuts and sandwiches from Dunkin Donuts, juice, coffee) and free internet in the lobby. The manager was extremely polite and helpful upon check-in and gave a list of local restaurants and suggestions. There is a free shuttle to/from the airport available. The Orange Line subway is only a couple blocks away and takes you right to the Loop downtown (and the airport). The location is ok, a quiet commercial suburban area that seems lower middle class and fairly safe. There is a mini-mall nearby with groceries and restaurants, including the local favorite pizza chain Giordano's. The only problem is the facilities themselves, which are limited by their construction and by budget. The biggest thing that bothered me was that the room had a musty, somewhat mildewy odor, probably because the rooms have local climate control and are close to the elements (the hallways are open to the outdoors). There were minor glitches in the renovation (the door was a little too big and ran into the toilet in the bathroom each time you opened the door, the tub faucet looked like it was going to pop out of the wall, etc.) The hair dryer was weak, the towels were small and not very soft (although surprisingly absorbent) and the sheets were kind of scratchy (although the bed itself was quite comfortable). The place was clean. An open motel tends to be noisier, and you could hear people coming in the middle of the night and talking loudly outside, although airport and street noise was minimal at night.Overall though I think this is a worthwhile place that has tried their hardest to maximize what they could with what they have, with a solid management, and it is convenient. Just realize that the facilities will have some limitations.	
Apr 26 2007 	A good choice in hotels	Went to Chicago to visit colleges with my son. We stayed two nights in double beds for the AAA price of about $112/night. I was wary of this hotel because it only had two diamonds from AAA and I had stayed downtown at another two diamond hotel which was not very comfortable. I was pleasantly surprised.The lobby staff were very friendly, giving helpful advice on where to eat and how to use the 'el train'. The rooms had been remodeled just four years ago and were up to date and very clean. The beds and pillows were very comfortable. An in-room refrigerator, microwave and free broadband internet access makes this a top choice for my future visits. You don't get that at any of the other much more expensive hotels that offer &quot;premium service&quot;.A grocery store, and all kinds of familiar foods are within two or three blocks walking distance but most offer free delivery to the hotel. The El train is only one block away getting you downtown with ease in less than 25-minutes but it's also an easy trip back to the I-55 highway. A couple of channels on the TV were fuzzy and I brought it to their attention. I was in a room toward the back and wasn't affected by the busy street noise, though I could hear a couple of &quot;big rigs&quot; during the day. Overhead airplane noise from Midway was noticeable until about 11pm or so but not overnight. Apparently traffic patterns change, too, and the second night I heard none. I deducted one star for this but it did not keep me from getting a good nights sleep.The neighborhood is busy with traffic and I felt somewhat uncomfortable walking it at first, but I then realized my fears were unfounded and I think it's perfectly safe. Asking directions and questions a few times of the locals brought friendly responses.Free coffee, doughnuts and, especially, breakfast sandwiches were another pleasant surprise. My last two stays in Chicago were at the high-end Palmer House downtown. The services offered and available at this Carlton Inn give me no reason to do that anymore.	
Dec 24 2006	Nice lovely hotel!	The stay at this hotel was so pleasant. I booked a room after reaching chicago midway airport and the staff kindly let me do it. They were very cooperative.The hotel room has all amenities in it and was very clean.I am glad I stayed at Carlton Inn Midway hotel.I would recommend it to anyone who can/wants to spend $100/night for a neat stay!	
Nov 17 2006 	A family trip to see King Tut.	We travelled to Chicago to see the King Tut exhibit at the Field Museum. We wanted a hotel close to the museum, but all were booked due to events occurring the week we were to arrive. We settled for The Carlton Inn Midway and are very glad we did. The place was clean and quiet. We had to arrive very late which we have found to be a problem several places we have stayed. It was not a problem at the Carlton.Although the Carlton is a ways from the museum, we found it actually very convenient. The first day we drove, it was a straight shot with no chance of getting lost. The second day we used the el, a half block walk from the hotel, which proved to be an inexpensive, rapid method of exploring the city. Our kids were thrilled. The best thing about the Carlton Inn was the staff. We were made to feel welcome. They went out of their way to be helpful and accommodating. Future trips to Chicago will find us at the Carlton Inn Midway.	
Nov 4 2002 	A good alternative to downtown hotels	I´ve been visiting the RSNA meeting in Chicago every year since 1997. Last year was the fourth time I have spent a week in the Tangiers motel. It is a middle class motel with all usual facilities. It is quiet at night, non-expensive (last year the weekly rate was $40/day) and clean. You can get a good breakfast at Pindo´s restaurant which is only 50 mtrs away. Some shopping malls are also available within walking distance (about 1/2 Mile). With a car you can reach Chicago downtown in 15 minutes.	
Aug 31 2009 	Buon hotel		
