	Would not recommend this hotel. We were very dissatisfied.	Stayed this past weekend 11/26 - 11/28 to celebrate one year anniversary. When I booked our stay directly with the hotel, I booked a large King room. $215.00 was the quoted rate. I requested a higher floor room with an east view since the main picture on Hotel Felix Chicago website is a lovely picture of the Chicago skyline including a beautiful view of the John Hancock tower. I was told that everything would be taken care of and we were going to receive a larger King room with a lovely view. We arrived early Friday and we were told that housekeeping was just finishing getting our room ready for us. We were each given a free drink coupon to have a drink in the front lobby small bar/lounge and were told that our bags would be brought up to the room while we waited in the lounge. About 1/2 hour later, we went to our room on the 9th floor (the hotel consists of 12 floors). It was a King room, but when I looked out our window at our view - we were facing South, not East and our view was a paid parking lot and Copperfield's (a liquor store).The next morning, I spoke with guest services and questioned the room. I was told that we received the same room that a &quot;celebrity&quot; receives when staying. The gentleman, who will remain nameless as I don't want to give names, said that we had been upgraded from room 906 to room 904, which is a larger King room. I still questioned why we didn't receive the East view as promised, and was told that we could have an East view room, but we would be downgrading to a Queen size much smaller room. So, we chose to stay in our room. Following is my complete laundry list review of the hotel:Here are the problems we found with the hotel:1.) Given multiple excuses for their lack of service/continuity. The information I received when asking about why we didn't receive the room we were promised, I feel was inadequate and unprofessional. We had breakfast the next morning in their restaurant, &quot;Elate&quot; and I asked for a spoon for my coffee. Our server stated that they were getting ready for lunch set-up and that's why I wasn't given a spoon. We were also told by our server that the restaurant and hotel were in no way connected to each other when we asked about trading up our breakfast vouchers that we paid for to get a better breakfast and pay the difference in cost. He told us that we had to take it up with the hotel because the restaurant and hotel were not connected in any way. The same female that checked us in at the hotel on Friday afternoon was now hostessing in the restaurant on Saturday morning. To me, that seems connected. In addition, the restaurant provides room service for the hotel and gives you the option to bill the room when you dine in the restaurant. To me, that seems connected.2.) It states that they provide &quot;whisper quiet rooms&quot;. That is an inaccurate description. You can hear the t.v., conversations, etc... in the adjacent rooms and in the hallway. I would honestly compare the sound level to staying at a cheap hotel. That's not what you want in a top-star hotel and certainly not what I would classify good when wanting to have a romantic weekend. I would certainly never bring my three-year old son for fear of what he may hear coming from another guest's room.3.) Storage for your clothing and suitcase is insufficient. There is no suitcase fold-out provided and the tiny closet is poorly designed. There is a tiny built in closet space with a hanging bar that also acts as a curtain rod to close and hide your belongings , but they chose to put a shelf in the middle with a safe on it. There is also a face-out bar below the shelf, but any item you put on it drags on the floor and if you use the top curtain rod to hang on, your items are jammed up against the safe and the shelf and you can't close the curtain. When we walked in our room there was the ironing board just leaned against the wall because there is no where even it can be stored.4.) The bathroom itself was a decent size, but a very small sink and lack of mirror for two people, and the adjustable shower head is set at a very low height. If you raise the shower head for normal height, the 1/2 length shower curtain causes a tiny flood in the bathroom because it doesn't extend the full length of the bathtub/shower.5.) When stating luxury comfort bathrobes provided for a room that is booked for 2 adults, we only had one bathrobe in our room. I asked for another and never received it during our 2 day stay. Perhaps there was a shortage of robes.6.) Pillows - they only offer one size of pillows on the bed and they are quite full and uncomfortable to sleep on. I like a fuller pillow, but could not use their pillows. My fiancee slept pillow-less and I had to try my best to just stay on the edge of the pillow. The next day we spoke to housekeeping directly (to avoid guest services) and she provided us with what seemed to be (2) throw pillows and put them in pillowcases for us so we could sleep. We did appreciate her effort to make us comfortable.7.) I do not feel that the food in the restaurant &quot;Elate&quot; is consistent. I would recommend their coffee and the Felix burger. (Side note: they don't put cheddar or any other cheese on it if you request it. We did request them to replace the &quot;creamed leeks&quot; with cheddar cheese if possible and it came with nothing). The seasoned fries that come with the burger are good. Their french style omelet with house potatoes is good as well, but the granola, the quiche, the 2 eggs how you want them and the french toast was not enjoyable. I am a trained chef and I was dissatisfied with the quality of the food overall.When we checked out , our receipt that was given at checkout did not match what Hotel Felix charged our Mastercard. We were charged the upgraded room rate that we didn't request. The hotel also charged us for bottled water that we did not drink in the room. After calling guest services once I returned home and discovered this on my online checking, I have been told that the credit will be made and I should expect it within 2 - 3 business days. I would be sure to obtain a receipt at checkout and make sure you are charged correctly as we were not. They overcharged us $645.00 that we are waiting to be credited to our Mastercard.Good things about I found about the hotel:1.) great location - but promise of being &quot;whisper quiet&quot; not fulfilled. Also disregard the photo of the view on the website of this hotel. West side has construction of a large building approximately 20 feet from your window and is completely obstructed.2.) nice H20 spa products for bathroom (soap, shampoo, conditioner)3.) Free wi-fiI would not stay in the hotel again and I would not recommend it. I feel as though they tried to put too many rooms into this hotel when they revamped the building, which doesn't allow for soundproofing. I also feel like we were given far too many excuses for their lack of service.	
Nov 24 2009 	Hip boutique hotel with an attitude to match	Last month, I stayed at Hotel Felix with my parents and young daughter. The newly renovated hotel boasts cool, modern minimalist decor and floor to ceiling windows in the lobby to witness the young and hip swing their way through the rotating doors. The rooms are beautifully simple, the beds dreamy (as though I was sleeping a giant pillow). Front desk staff were friendly, knowledgable, accommodating (suggesting local restaurants, early check-in). Unfortunately, the young, spacey bartender within the hotel was preoccupied with entertaining her 'cool' personal friends and brushed off numerous attempts of my parents ordering drinks. Lost business.... The adjoining restaurant has a great ambiance similar to the hotel. The evening waitstaff friendly (although a slight bit 'green', he didn't know much about the beer or the premise of the restaurant), the food delicious (their burger with creamed leeks and applewood smoked bacon was one of the best I've ever tasted), the drinks well mixed and strong.The morning waiter was the only one working the busy breakfast crowd. He was able to handle it well and did a great job. The only downfall was the snotty 'don't-you-know-we're not Starbucks?' reply my friend received upon asking for a vanilla latte. This was soon followed by more high-and-mighty tone of the 'local' and 'organic' products served at the restaurant. I was witness to this the night before, too, sitting at the bar alongside the owner who, from conversation, thinks that 'local' and 'sustainable' make him exclusive and important. For those of us who frequent restaurants not only for great food but for unpretentious service, I would have to think hard if I would patronage this place again for the snotty attitude.	
Nov 24 2009 	good value if you want location	We found this hotel via hotwire - aka we took a gamble - and it was great. The room we had was very small (as in tiny), but very clean and nice. Nothing to fancy but you felt very comfortable there. Our greatest need on our 3 night stay was location. And this was located pretty close to the Mile which is what we wanted. I would not have paid their normal prices online as that would have been too much, but if you find a cheap deal then go for it.	
Nov 22 2009 	Fantastic and a lot of bang for my buck	I had a great rate on this hotel through Travelzoo that was $99 per night and included breakfast for 2 and free parking for my Hybrid vehicle. Parking is normally $42 a night and the breakfast for 2 would have been $22 based on menu prices. You can do the math. The hotel itself was modern and fantastic. Great location, very clean, great service, great restaurant. The only concern for many seems to be the size of the rooms. Yes, they were small, but that was no concern to me and it wasn't as bad as people make it out to be. I slept well there in a clean comfortable bed. I wasn't intending to have a hotel party. For the price I paid, you can't beat it.	
Nov 20 2009 	Very Cool and Modern Hotel	Great Hotel in the Heart of the River North Area. Rooms are small, but the hotel is worth it if you can get past the room size. It's Chicago, who hangs out in the room anyway?Great Location within walking Distance to almost all the Major Chicago Sights. Plenty of Restaurants and Bars very close by. Try the Clark St Ale House or Angels and Kings for some great nightlife, both are Literally 1/2 block away for the Hotel.The Front Desk people were extremely nice and accommodated all our Requests. My GF visited the SPA and had an similarly excellent experience.We had a amazing Long Weekend at this Hotel and with the &quot;EL&quot; station a very short walk away, Chicagoland was at our Doorstep.	
Nov 16 2009 	Small but adequate	I've stayed in smaller places but this room really felt cramped for one person. Think cruise ship cabin, SMALL cruise ship cabin. The bed was comfortable but the sheets were very thin and cheap. That was a real disappointment. I would recommend replacing the sheets as soon as possible. The bathroom was small as well but as a solo traveler it was adequate. I could never imagine staying in this room with another person. Someone won't be coming out alive. Minimal storage but again, as a solo traveler it was adequate. The neighborhood is very &quot;busy&quot; on weekend nights with lots of screaming and noise coming from the street below. I was on 10 and it was very audible up until about 3 a.m. on Saturday. The restaurant is average for food and poor on service. My waiter took the order and never returned. I left a 5 dollar tip and now regret it. He really didn't deserve it. My biggest complaint would be the crowd this place draws. They all think they are Paris Hilton and are about as annoying as Paris Hilton. That's if Paris was a large Midwestern girl.Overall it was a decent place to stay at a decent rate. If you are going to spend a lot of time in the room, stay elsewhere. You'll go stir crazy in these tiny rooms.	
Nov 12 2009 	This place is cool!	Had to travel to downtown Chicago for business. I wanted something different and in a great location. The Hotel Felix was perfect. It's got a contemporary and &quot;hip&quot; feel to it. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've slept in. The bathroom was large and the shower was a true walk in shower with one of those large &quot;rain shower&quot; heads. It is a boutique hotel and despite what others have said, the rooms are not tiny or small. I had a room on the 10th floor with a king bed and it was perfect. ALL of the staff were attentive and extremely helpful. This is definitely my new &quot;go to&quot; hotel in downtown Chicago. Loved it!	
Nov 12 2009 	Great Views of Stunning City	Recently stayed at the Hotel Felix in Chicago when we had a quick layover on the way to new York. Had never heard of hotel before so took a chance and wasn't disappointed. Near Chicago's magnificent mile, this place had great views. Room was spacious - I keep forgetting how big American hotel rooms can be!Staff was courteous throughout. Didn't have a chance to eat here unfortunately. I spent a bit more than I normally would, but definitely worth the treat.	
Nov 10 2009 	Great Location/Good Experience	We stayed at the Hotel Felix in October - visiting our daughter for Parents Weekend at DePaul. The hotel staff was very friendly - and while the room was small, it was clean and the bath products and bathroom facilities were nice - love the H2O products! It is a few blocks to the EL stop and downtown locations. Try the restaurant YOLK for breakfast/brunch - about a block away, fantastic!. There was a great discount code on the DePaul website, so it was a bargain for the two night stay.	
Nov 10 2009 	Good things come in small packages	Great little hotel close to everything! We knew ahead of time that the rooms were small, and our room was no exception. But the bed was oh so comfortable, room temperature was perfect, and the decor very nice. I was a bit taken aback at the &quot;closet&quot; and lack of luggage rack (made my own out of the ironing board). The H2O products in the bathroom were great. We found a deal on the Chicago tourism site for $99 including breakfast- after tax it was $115. Our breakfast at their restaurant &quot;Elate&quot; was wonderful. Service was top notch!	
Nov 9 2009 	Totally Fabulous experience and hotel!	We had so much fun in the sleek, elegant and modern hotel. The staff were very friendly and prompt with any requests. The rooms were very comfortable. I was with 4 other women and we had 3 rooms--all were great! I loved the location, walking distance from so many wonderful attractions.We only stayed one night but it felt like a getaway in a very upscale hotel.Also, rooms were very quiet and the whole hotel smelled really good (I have a very sensitive nose).	
Nov 2 2009 	Overall a nice stay	I was in Hotel Felix four nights for a conference. The hotel is located in a nice area of Chicago, and there are plenty of things happening around this area, including several nice restaurants and a Whole Foods near by.When we arrived apparently they had overbooked so they offered us two separate rooms instead (we had four people and we asked for a room with two double beds) which is an extremely nice gesture and responsible thing to do. Now this is a boutique hotel, and for those of you who do not know what it means...the rooms were small. Regardless, the rooms were immaculately clean and the recent renovation was very apparent as everything looked incredibly NEW and spotless. They offered a nice bathrobe and boutique line toiletry so I was extremely impressed with that. The TV was a big flatscreen and the bed was soft and very, very comfy. The fitness room was nice, however I was hoping for some more weights. Breakfast (continental) was complimentary with nice choices of fruit and a variety of pastries. Business center was nice to use and you can use the color injet printer and computers for free. Wireless internet was free and fast (faster on lower floors). Bellman opened the doors for you and you do feel like a small royality staying at here. The bar in the lobby looked nice although I didn't have time to try it out.	
Oct 30 2009 	We thought the Felix was great	Everyone there was extremely nice and helpful. Yes the rooms were a bit small but I wasn't going to live there.The best thing is how clean everything is.We would stay again and also recommend The Felix to anyone staying dowtown.	
Oct 19 2009 	Great Location Great Hotel	The staff was extremely friendly upon arrival, they welcomed us at the door!The rooms are small, but well worth it. Centrally located and easy to walk to from anywhere downtown!	
Oct 19 2009 	Only a so-so bargain	My husband and I wanted to go to Chicago for the weekend to visit our son, who is attending school there. Most of the downtown hotels were very expensive -- over $300 a night -- so we decided to book through Hotwire. The result was a two-night stay at Hotel Felix. There are several nice things about this hotel, most notably the friendly and helpful staff. The common areas are very nice, and the hotel is clean and well-kept. The location is good -- on the corner of Huron and Clark -- with easy access to the Magnificent Mile and a short cab ride or long walk to the cultural attractions. There are also several shortcomings: the rooms and the bathrooms are the size of postage stamps -- really tiny, with very little space for hanging clothes or sitting to read the paper (one small barrel chair). The clock does not have an illuminated dial, making it difficult to see the time if you happen to wake up some time during the night or early morning. The amenities are second class -- rough toilet paper, meager towels, lousy hair dryer, etc. The Hotwire price for two nights was $488 including tax and related charges, compared to $740 at The Talbott, my favorite Chicago hotel. So the savings is considerable -- enough to cover the outrageous amount we spent for transportation while we were there. Also, the elevators are really small, not adequate for the volume of transport during the busy times of the day. We often had to wait for a second or third elevator. And the wifi didn't work at all. So -- I am not sure I would ever stay there again. It really would depend on how many nights -- for one or two, I would bite the bullet and stay at a nicer place.	
Oct 16 2009 	A disappointment	The hotel held itself out as being eco-friendly, &quot;green&quot; but that wasn't really the case. There was no in-room recycling and only one recycling receptacle in in the lobby. The towels were all replaced despite being hung up. The room was teensy and really LOUD. I don't know how they can say the rooms are &quot;whisper quiet&quot; as advertised on the website. Everytime some went in or out of neighboring rooms, it sounded like they were coming in our room. And the other disappointment was that there was a walkin shower, no tub. Positives: nice, modern decor, clean, friendly and helpful staff and nice bathroom amenities.	
Oct 14 2009 	Horrible Stay- would never stay again.	So I booked this hotel through priceline. The price.. about 225.00 a night. A lot ? yes! Especially when I stayed at a hotel for that price nearby with a huge suite. The room was so small, I was nauseated. I felt completely ripped off. The bathroom had a stupid curtain not a door, and the sink was this little tiny thing with low flow. The place was extremely loud. The room would either get hot or cold, and I could hear elevators going up and down. Somebody tried to enter my room on more than one occasion. Thank god for the other locks. I would never stay here again and I warn everyone else looking for a hotel to stay at to stay clear from this disaster.	
Oct 11 2009 	not happy with stay	My biggest complaint was that the airconditioning was very loud. I was unable to open the window and the room got too hot without airconditioning. They also messed up when giving out rooms and gave my room to another person so I had somebody try to enter my room around 9pm. The manager called and apologized.	
Oct 7 2009 	Great Weekend Stay at Hotel Fleix!	Arrived and was greeted immediately at reception. My room was on the 6th floor, and was very nice. The bed and bedding was very comfortable. Directly in front of the bed was a large flat screen LCD Television with cable stations. The bathroom was good size and had everything you needed when you're away from home. The hotel location is ideal. Staff was available when needed too. CTA subway (Red Line) is a few blocks, along with Michigan Ave.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good hotel good location but could be better	The hotel has an excellent location. Close to Michigan avenue, and about a mile away from the shore, which is good for an outdoor run. The hotel room I stayed in was quite small. There was a double bed which almost took up the entire room, with a small open wardrobe. The hotel did offer free wireless internet access which is always good, especially for business and personal use. There isnt a restaurant or breakfast area for the hotel, however a restaurant which shares the location with the hotel offers a discounted rate for hotel guests. The bar area and entrance area is quite small.All in all decent hotel, would stay here again but would say you could probably get a better hotel for the same money.	
Sep 28 2009 	Wonderful Stay	All of the reviews of this place had me second-guessing my stay at this hotel. I am very picky, so it could have gone either way. When I got there, my mind was put at ease. We recently stayed at the Felix from Wednesday to Sunday. Check-in was fast and easy. When we finally got to our room, we realized IT WAS NOT AS SMALL AS PEOPLE MAKE IT OUT TO BE. Come on, folks. It's a little smaller than what you'd be used to, but this hotel does not market itself as an extended stay suite with a kitchen. There was plenty enough space for my wife and I in the room. We did not feel cramped at all. If you were a family of 4, you probably wouldn't be as comfortable as we were.The room itself was well-decorated. My wife likes the modern look, so this was perfect. The bed was EXTREMELY comfortable, especially after those long days on our feet sightseeing. The bathroom was nicely done, too. The H2O amenities were very much-appreciated. The room also had a flat screen HDTV, IPOD docking station on the alarm clock, and an in-room safe that was very easy to use. We put our valuables in there while we were gone. I do not understand the previous complaints about the A/C. We had it on the whole time we were there, and it never bothered us.All in all, we had a great stay. Were there some things the hotel management could improve on? Of course. There never seemed to be coffee ready when we went to the lobby. The room had an unusual odor the first day we got there. We had someone come spray it for us. That's it. Those are my two biggest complaints. They were not deal breakers at all. If you book this hotel on priceline, do not worry about being treated any differently. It was not the case for our experience.Some quick pointers: --They have free, wireless Internet access in the rooms. If you don't want to travel with your laptop like we didn't, there's a business center there you can print stuff off in for free.--I'd request a room higher up so the street noise doesn't bother you. It wasn't an issue for us because we were on the 9th floor.--The doorman has maps to help guide you around the city and the top tourist destinations.--The red line is a short walk away from the hotel on W Chicago. My wife and I walked from the subway station to the hotel with our luggage without any problem. The hotel is in a GREAT location. There's a bus stop right out front, as well. The No. 22 Clark runs you downtown and all throughout the River North neigbhorhood the hotel is in.--Plenty of food options nearby. Portillos is right down the street on N Clark. They have great Italian beef sandwiches, Chicago hot dogs, and my wife got some great pasta. It's not a fancy place at all, just a walk up and eat cafeteria. A great option for a quick bite to eat so you can avoid going to McDonalds across the street. Also, Yolks is fantastic. We ate breakfast there before we left. It's right around the corner on N Wells. A must for brunch or meal before you leave town. A Whole Foods is two blocks away for the hotel on W Huron. Great for picking up snacks for the room or for the day.Bottom line: The Hotel Felix was a safe, clean hotel in a great location. It provided my wife and I a great place to drop our bags and see all that Chicago has to offer.	
Sep 18 2009 	A fantastic hotel	My wife and I enjoyed a night at Hotel Felix in celebration of our anniversary. It was fantastic. We had a super-clean king room -- perhaps they are bigger than the queen rooms reviewed by others or maybe some folks need a lot more space. We thought the size of the room was fine. We brought a bottle of wine to drink and the bartender at the hotel's restaurant was very gracious in loaning us two glasses. Room was well-equipped with iPod docking station, stylish fixtures, a wonderful bed, and cool bathroom / shower with robe. Well situated in the city but also very quiet at night (a/c was just fine for us). Staff was great. The only tiny negative I can think of had to do with the narrow hallways -- would be nice to clear out the bins and carts that often were around. We'll for sure be back!	
Sep 17 2009 	Maybe in NY	The room is tiny...I'd be embarrassed if I walked in here with another person. I come to Chicago every month and have stayed at many hotels that may not be my style, but I'd much rather return to one of them. I love the look of Felix and found the bed very comfortable, but the room is a joke. The bathroom is also tiny, with no place to put anything. There was hardly a window and no natural light. Fortunately, I'm here for work and exhausted by the time I reach my room and basically just sleep there, because it really feels like a sleeping closet.On the plus side, it's very clean and the people here are very nice and helpful. But room service offerings and times available are very limited, nothing before 7am or after 11pm and no dessert.The location is okay. I liked the nearby Whole Foods, but with the many great choices you have in Chicago, why come here?	
Sep 15 2009 	Great Location friendly staff small rooms strong aircon.	As others on this site have already mentioned, the rooms in this hotel are quite small. Storage space is very much at a premium with the wardrobe just a curtained-off rail on the wall. I think that a bit more imagination could have helped solve this.However, the bathroom was fine in our room, bed very comfy and we didn't mind trading some size give the very central location. Staff were very helpful and all their restuarant recommendations were great. We walked everywhere and found the hotel easy to get to.The only other downside is the aircon, which is very strong and loud which meant that we sometimes had to turn it off. The fan speed said low, but it felt like there was an engine running in the room.Other than that a good stay.	
Sep 12 2009 	OMG! 4 star? Ha! Ha!	Save your money! This is the smallest hotel room I have eve stayed in! It is extremely tiny by NYC standards! Queen size bed with 12 inch tables on each side - that's it! Bathroom sink is so shallow a man's hands cannot fit under the facet! No clost - a very short rod with a curtain. Very noisy! No restaurants except McDonalds or Subway in immediate area.Room Service has only 4 breakfast and 5 lunch selections! One of my worst hotel experiences ever! Staff portrays it as &quot;boutique Silver LEED hotel&quot;.What an excuse! You can have it!	
Sep 10 2009 	Small	This hotel is currently under construction of the road in front of the hotel, which I do not remember them telling me about when I made the reservation. It is in a fairly nice location, very close to Whole Food market and just about 7 blocks from Miracle Mile - michigan Avenue.The rooms are very clean and comfortable but as small as most of the rooms in the hotels I have stayed in Europe, which is very small. I was really glad I was solo, because I think it is just too small for more than one person at a time.They were very nice and gave me late check out to 2:00 pm. with no charge, which in itself is rather rare.	
Sep 8 2009 	This is NOT a 4 star hotel by any stretch of the imagination and is at most a 2 1/2 star hotel.	This hotel calls themselves a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel. That translates to extremely tiny rooms. The closet consists of a very short rod that can be covered by a curtain. The bed takes up 3/4 of the room and navigating around the bed is very difficult, especially in the dark. You can hear everything coming from the hallway. The bathroom sink barely holds any water and if your hands are normal to large, they won't fit beneath the faucet.	
Aug 29 2009 	comfy bed but very small room	booked through hotwire and stayed for 1 night. nice &amp; friendly staff. eclectic style hotel. stayed on the 10th floor. indeed, the room was small (but big window). good for 1 or 2 person. bed was really comfy. clean room. limited space for luggage. nice flat screen tv. bathroom was nice &amp; clean. behind the bathroom door was a hanger that has a note &amp; said something like this, &quot;enjoy our complimentary robe....&quot; - but there was no robe. overall, i like the hotel. just the rooms were small, even the hallway was a bit narrow. i guess its their way of going green. if you're a big person, you probably would not like the room. hotel is about 5-6 blocks away from the mile. valet parking overnight was about $42, across the street was $33, &amp; the parking garage was $23.	
Aug 28 2009 	Small but lovely rooms great location to explore Chicago	I booked Hotel Felix through Expedia at a reduced rate (approx £75 per night) which seemed like a fair rate for what I got. Breakfast wasn't included but the hotel is in a fantastic location. The rooms are small, but as a solo traveller this didn't really matter to me.Felix is just a few blocks away from Michigan Avenue, and walking distance to many sights - John Hancock Centre, Water Tower, Sears Tower etc etc. I even walked back late at night one evening on my own and the neighbourhood seemed pretty safe.Staff were helpful, particularly the front desk who gave me directions and helped me book theatre tickets. Only one small problem when I got there to check in, they gave me a key and when I used it to access 'my' room there was a man's case and clothes in there. Lucky he was not in the room (or the shower) at the time. So I went down and told the front desk, they promptly moved me to a slightly larger room. I was happy with that but later on that evening two guys tried to get into my room. Turned out that they had been given a key for the same room! I was in bed at the time but luckily (thank goodness) I had dead bolted the door. If not, it would have not been a good experience. They had to go down and let Reception know - so I wasn't overly impressed with how the rooms are allocated.That aside, I really liked the hotel. It's small but very functional and as it's a boutique the rooms are decorated very nicely. It was very comfortable and the location meant that I was right in the heart of the Windy City - perfect for a first-time visitor such as myself. It's a great base for exploring the city, if you're not planning to spend 24/7 in your hotel room then you probably don't need loads of space anyway.There's actually an Aveda spa on site and although I didn't get time to visit it, this is a nice extra touch if you feel like some pampering.Not sure that I would pay the full £150 ish a night, but I was happy with what I got for what I paid. I think the hotel will do well and the fact that it's eco-friendly just adds that extra something.	
Aug 26 2009 	Itty Bitty	After much research, I choose the Felix Hotel in Chicago for a 4 night stay. There are so many places to choose from, I will not make this choice again. The room, although well appointed (especially the lovely bathroom) was TINY. Think queen bed and about 18 inches on either side. We had to ask for much needed luggage racks (three times) as well as an ice bucket. I had a problem with my bill as I checked out - someone was to contact me according to the desk clerk - but there was no manager on call when I had to leave for the airport. It has been 1 week and I have not been contacted. Maybe it takes 3 tries as well.	
Aug 24 2009 	Fantastic	Had a wonderful weekend at the Felix. All staff we encountered were very pleasant and helpful. Claudia helped with many reservations etc and added a nice touch in the room for a birthday celebration. The hotel is clean, neat, modern and perfectly located. I will definitely returnThanks everyone!!!Charles	
Aug 18 2009 	Great room if you want to relive your college days in the dorm	We checked into the Hotel Felix late on Friday night for a four night stay. I had booked the room through Priceline where it was listed as a 4 star hotel, recently renovated. The pictures looked nice so I was excited to go. We arrived late, around 11 pm. We were greeted by the valet/bellman/doorman who helped us unload our luggage and parked our car (valet parking was the only option at more than $40 per night which isn't really unusual in Chicago) Check in went smoothly, but they wanted an additional $35 per night for a king size bed. Seemed a bit pricey so we decided to try the queen room. There was no one to help us up with our bags so we took the luggage cart upstairs ourselves. The elevator was so small it barely fit the cart and and two of us. It should have been a sign. The hotel was nicely decorated and very clean. We stayed on the 8th floor. When we opened the door to our room, we both almost died of shock. The room was so small I couldn't believe it! My freshman door room 20 years ago was bigger! There was one bed, I am not sure it was even a queen size. No closet, simply a bar sticking out of the wall on which to hang your things. You could pull a curtain over it to close the &quot;closet.&quot; There was an in room safe on the shelf in the closet which was a nice feature. There was an iron, but no ironing board. There was no dresser. The bed was a platform bed that had two drawers that pulled out of the foot of the bed. You couldn't open the drawers and walk around the bed at the same time. There was a narrow desk with a very nice flat screen TV above it, but it was to the side of the bed so you either had to lay side ways or not see the TV. There was no place to unpack your luggage or even stow your luggage after you unpack.The bathroom was nice, but the sink had no vanity space for makeup, etc. The shower was nice and the toiletries were high quality but there was no body lotion, only shampoo, conditioner and body wash.The hotel had an ice machine and Pepsi machine on each floor which was convenient. The ice bucket had no plastic liner so I had to use the zip lock bag I brought. There were no drinking glasses to use other than two bathroom ceramic glasses, very small in size. Dont count on any type of view from the room. We looked out onto another buildlng under construction, wrapped in plastic that whipped in the wind.The bed was a pillow top and very comfortable. However the bedding was a sheet, heavy comforter and another sheet. We melted under the comforter or got cold under just the sheet. The air conditioning was inconsistent. We set it to 67 to try not to sweat through the night, but the fan would turn on and off so we went from hot to cold all night.The first morning, we had a Do not Disturb sign on the door as we wanted to sleep in. That didn't stop housekeeping from knocking three or four times. When that didn't work, they called us. I sense they may have missed the point of the sign.We didn't eat in the restaurant as it seemed to have a limited menu. There is a Whole Foods grocery store about a block away and it was a great source of breakfast (although we had to eat on the bed as there was no other place for us to set the food) We also found a great place for breakfast about four blocks away called Yolks. Try the breakfast burrito and go with the fresh fruit. It was yummy!Overall the Felix was nicely decorated and clean, but I am not sure how it was a four star hotel. I expect a bit more for the price and star rating. For example, would have been nice to have a loaner umbrella when it unexpectedly rained, but they did not have any to loan. Alas, it was a nice location, an easy walk to great restaurants, but a tiny, tiny room!	
Aug 18 2009 	noisy room	Hotel service was great, and the room looked great, but unfortunately the room was too noisy. The main source of noise was the air conditioning, that has a very loud fan, but you can also hear every time someone in a close by room comes back to the hotel.location is great. we had brunch at the restaurant and it was preaty good. one thing, if you do decide to stay there, be carefull with the bed corners as stick out quite a bit.	
Aug 16 2009 	Unexpected surprise...	We did not book the Felix. We had meant to stay at the Whitehall Hotel but were told on arrival that we had been transferred to the Felix due to some problems. I'm glad they did. The Hotel Felix was an unexpected surprise. The location is near all the places we wanted to get to in downtown Chicago. The rooms are small (the &quot;closet&quot; is literally a curtained hole in the wall) but the bathroom was big, and the shower was luxurious. The amenities were H2O Essentials, and the bed was comfortable. There is a (small) bar downstairs, and a convenient self-park across the street that has reasonable rates for overnight parking. It is also close to a CTA station if you want to take the train. Oh, did I mention that their rates are very reasonable?	
Aug 11 2009 	Cozy mod hotel	The rooms are small, it's true. But they are incredibly well-designed and make the most of the small space. The bed was incredibly comfortable and everything was impeccably clean. I only stayed one night and was not able to take advantage of the business center or restaurant. The staff was friendly and helpful. I will definitely stay at the Hotel Felix again the next time I'm in Chicago!	
Aug 10 2009 	Awesome find!	I'm so happy I found this place. This place is new and so clean. The decor is perfect and modern. I got a great rate ($100) booking early and considering where this place is located, that is an amazing rate. The entire staff we encountered were very friendly and you get just an overall good feeling in this hotel. Next time in Chicago I'll be staying here, just please keep the rates reasonable. I highly recommend this place.	
Aug 7 2009 	Fabulous Boutique Hotel; Superb location..just perfect.	My boyfriend &amp; I had a great stay at Hotel Felix. It could not have been better. We arrived early and we had no delays checking in. The lobby and room decor is very hip &amp; modern. The rooms are quite small, but very well appointed. We lacked for nothing. The beds are very comfortable &amp; the sheets are top notch. The bathroom and shower is both beautiful and functional. Great H2O products!The staff were amazing, from front desk to the lady who filled the coffee urns. Yolk restaurant on Wells is great for breakfast and you have got to try Mexique on W. Chicago Ave. for dinner.	
Aug 2 2009 	Beautiful hotel sorry service	The rooms are small but the design is terrific, and the building is charming. But the hotel needs a serious reassessment of its customer service. We checked in at 3:05, and didn't get a room until 5:00; and they never called to notify us the room was ready, as they said they would. We called ahead to retrieve our car from the valet; 40 minutes later, no car, and the message had never been relayed to the valet. We needed aspirin; no luck (they sent us to a drugstore down the street). No coffeemaker in the room. No general acknowledgement from the staff that there were flaws in their service. For the price, you'd be better off somewhere else.	
Aug 1 2009 	Loved the room !	The style of the was amazing for a solo traveller. They dont have microwaves in the room, or coffee makers, but there is coffee everyday in the lobby. If you need an Iron don't forget to ask for one, because they don't have one in every room. I like the style it was perfect for just me and the bed was really comfortable. Get your I-pod if you wanna use their I-Home as your alarm clock. The staff is accommodating and the door man has yet to suggest a place to eat that I didn't like. Try getting a top floor room if you are a light sleeper, because the city hustle can be disturbing.	
Jul 26 2009 	Do Not Stay Here! This Is No 4 Star Hotel!!!	YOU'VE NEVER SEEN SUCH SMALL ROOMS. When I say this is a TINY room, take it SERIOUSLY. I had to sit on the bed for my boyfriend to walk into the bathroom. And I concur with a previous reviewer, they treat Hotwire customers like garbage. The entire staff is trained to parrot the line, &quot;We are a boutique hotel&quot; - well I have traveled all over the world and stayed in hundreds of boutique hotels here and abroad and I'm telling you that the rooms are UNBEARABLY small - not to mention WITHOUT ANY DISCERNIBLE AMENITIES. A tiny ledge is mounted to the wall called a &quot;desk&quot; with a small chair. The &quot;closet&quot; was a 2 foot cut out in the wall with a curtain hanging in front of it. The bathroom consisted of a a tiny sink (NO COUNTER SPACE), a toilet, and a small standup shower. Believe me folks, an RV has more room than this. Also, they knew we were Hotwire customers and treated us as such. Our room looked out into an alley. They wouldn't even let us pay more money and upgrade. There must be some mistake because this IS NO 4 STAR HOTEL. It's barely a 2.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great hotel and great value	This hotel is ideally located a short walk from the John Hancock Tower and the magnificent mile. The rates may have been low as it is brand new, but it was very comfortable, staff were very helpful. The rooms were pretty small though.	
Jul 25 2009 	Had a good stay at Hotel Felix	Hotel Felix has small but well design modern rooms. Location is near attraction/metro/clubs/restaurant. The staff is friendly and helpful without requesting tips. The business center have 3 fast PC and the gym have 2 treadmills/2 elliptical/weights and bench. the rooms could use a small fridge and a coffee maker. ~H2O+ product in the bathroom was a nice touch as well as the shower design.	
Jul 22 2009 	Best hotel around	This is one of the best hotel's I have ever stayed in. I loved that it felt so chic just being in the lobby. The rooms are super clean &amp; simply designed. They are small though as others have said...but not uncomfortable. The staff is 110% amazing. The doorman never forget your face &amp; they are so helpful. One of the guys (Dave, I think) was just walking around the lobby asking people if they needed anything &amp; introducing themselves. These employees seriously understand what customer service is all about and actually like their customers - which is more than I can say for the airline I came in on.	
Jul 22 2009 	ok IF you get a good price	We stayed at the Hotel Felix in July. We booked this hotel because we got a special rate on Expedia.com of $109/night. I have to agree with the previous reviewer that this hotel absolutely does not deserve a 4-star rating (it is listed as a 4-star on Expedia as well). I would say it deserves 3-stars, 3-1/2-stars tops. We had a corner room and it was probably the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in in my life. The negatives are:-There is barely enough room to walk around the bed. -The sink in the bathroom is so poorly designed that you can barely get your hands under the faucet (and the people I traveled with range from small to medium in size). It baffles the mind that anyone would design something in this manner. The positives are:-The hotel is in a good part of town as you can be on Michigan Ave within 5-10 minutes walking-The staff is very helpful in pointing you in the right direction if you require help finding things. Every time we left, we were asked if we knew where we were going.-It is newer, so everything inside is very niceI would say if you can get a rate closer to $100 for this hotel, then by all means it is worth it. The others we traveled with purchased their room for $189/night. Definitely many better options for that price.	
Jul 16 2009 	Wonderful hotel!!	The location is great - walking distance to major sites, bus stops and train station right there, many restaurants around....the staff was SO nice - friendly and always willing to help...overall great place for the price!	
Jul 14 2009 	A nice 2 Star property too bad it was listed as a Four Star!	A lot of our disappointment stemmed from the fact that Hotwire listed this property as being of four star quality which was far from accurate, a problem that seems to be occurring more and more often when booking through Hotwire. In no particular order, the issues were first, the hotel is not in a very good part of town. It was listed by Hotwire as being on the Miracle Mile but is close to a mile away from Michigan Ave. On a positive note, at least it was quiet. The room was incredibly tiny, there being no chest or dresser for clothing, no closet for hanging clothes, only a niche with a few hooks, the room provided less than 18&quot; of clearance around the bed, the TV was wall mounted. The bath had only a shower stall, a toilet, and a tiny wall mounted sink with nowhere to place toiletries except on the toilet tank. There were sufficient towels of good quality but no extra rolls of bathroom tissue. The bathroom door did not appear to have a lock either. The room had a disagreeable smell that was reminiscent of carpet glue, in fact the entire hotel had this smell. The lobby/registration area was similarly tiny, comprised of a small desk, a few chairs and a very small bar. There was supposed to be a restaurant but it was not open yet which also meant no room service, facts left off of the hotel website. The hotel claims to be a boutique property based on the European model and while there is some element of truth to this claim, small rooms, small lobby, etc., the point remains that even in Europe this would have never been a 4 star property. Then again perhaps the problem is with Hotwire and not the hotel...	
Jul 10 2009 	exceeded expectations in every respect	The Hotel Felix achieved the unbeatable combination of great value; comfortable, immaculately clean and well appointed rooms; friendly, helpful staff without a trace of stuffiness; and cozy, inviting lobby and bar. We loved it and would absolutely stay again.	
Jul 9 2009 	The bed embraced me	I stayed at Hotel Felix a few weeks ago at the end of June. I was a little nervous because I had booked on Hotwire and I knew the hotel was new. All worries went out the window from the time I was greeted at my airport shuttle to get my bag. I had a great time in Chicago and the hotel was wonderful. The bed was AWSOME, the blackout curtains were great, the location was ok -- I would have preferred a little closer to downtown but not really a complaint, the room size was fine for me (I traveled solo). My only complaint was that the bathroom sink was small, the basin was in a sufficent size. But that's my only real complaint. The staff was very courteous and helpful. I would defintely stay here again. The hotel is beautiful and I loved that it's a GREEN hotel.I also recommend folks going on the architecture tour, one of my favorite parts of the trip besides hanging with my friends who showed me the city through their eyes.P.S. free internet	
Jul 6 2009 	Superb Hotel Stay!	Hotel Felix is a fabulous hotel in a great location. My family spent four days at the hotel and we enjoyed it immensely. The staff (Errol, Julian, Conrad and David) was awesome - customer service at it's finest. Very knowledgeable of the city.As some guests have stated, the rooms are somewhat small, but they worked just fine for us. If your needs require larger rooms, call Hotel Felix before booking.	
Jul 5 2009 	This hotel is well worth a try.	The Felix has only been open a short time and sadly the restaurant was behind schedule so we had to eat out. It also meant that only tea and coffeee were available in the mornings.That said however the hotel is well situated for access to the city and there are plenty of eating places within easy walking distance. Would suggest YOLK on Wells for excellent breakfasts. Rooms in the hotel were perfectly adequate, comfortable and well air conditioned. Staff were friendly and helpful and the bar, though small, was no bad place to come back to at the end of the day. In all, we spent ten days there and were we to visit Chicago again would certainly not bypass The Phoenix.Dennis Johnston	
Jul 3 2009 	European style 'green' hotel	Our room was not ready at check in, but by 5 p.m. they did have the room we reserved, a two double bed room. We were expecting the small room size, tiny closet, no sitting chairs and no counters in the bathroom because we had read the reviews on this site. This is a small room hotel. If you are not going to spend time in your room it is a very comfortable place to sleep (although the air conditioning blew on me off and on all night). Be forewarned. Don't pay full price. Enjoy downtown Chicago.	
Jun 26 2009 	Haven't even been but already dreading my stay!	I will be staying at Hotel Felix in two weeks and I'm already dreading my stay! They were just so rude to me on the phone, and they made me very aware that b/c I'm a Hotwire customer I'm a second rate customer. I made a mistake I'll never make again: I booked a room at Hotel Felix through Hotwire. If you're clever with Hotwire, you can pretty much figure out which hotel you'll get during the booking process. I was initially very excited to land a room at the Hotel Felix ... then I called them and it was all downhill from there. I've been a big fan of Hotwire for years: I like an adventure (never know exactly where you'll stay until your credit card is already charged) and in these times we all needs to save a few bucks on a hotel - hey, I'm a librarian, and we don't exactly roll in the dough! I've never had a problem getting a two bed room for two people with a Hotwire reservation (I usually travel with library colleagues): make your reservation via Hotwire, call the hotel to confirm and select your room type, and you're good to go!Not with Hotel Felix. I was told my reservation was for a single queen bed hotel room and they would not honor my request for an &quot;upgrade&quot; to a two bed room. Per the Hotwire terms of service, Hotel Felix informed me, all that they had to do was provide me with a room that would accommodate two people, and that could even be just a full size bed. Basically, Hotel Felix conveyed that b/c I made a reservation via Hotwire, I'm a second rate customer and eligible only for the smallest, least popular room type. I inquired about availability of two bed rooms and was told that there were plenty, but they wouldn't be &quot;upgrading&quot; me b/c they didn't have to.I called Hotwire, and they just referred to their terms of service: &quot;Room type will be determined by the hotel based on the number of guests provided at time of booking. All reservations are booked for stays in non-smoking rooms (subject to availability). Hotel room assignments are determined at check-in and upgrades are not available.&quot; A Hotwire agent, Don, did try to contact the hotel but they were unwilling to budge. Don let me know that I might be able to &quot;upgrade&quot; when I arrive, but not to count on it. There's fine print, and then there's customer service, don't you think?So now Hotel Felix has my money and Hotwire has its fee and I'm arriving in two weeks and just dreading it. Both Hotwire and Hotel Felix have forever lost my future business as well as that of my friends and family.	
Jun 24 2009	Small rooms but very comfortable	The Hotel Felix is brand new. The room was quite small, with two double beds, and not much room to put suitcases, (i wouldnt recommend for 4 people, two is okay though) however the bed has built in draws, which were excellent. The beds were very very comfy. staff were very friendly and there's free tea and coffee in the bar of a morning. Very clean also.The location was great, we walked from the train station and back to the airport was a $35 cab ride. We walked to areas all over the city including millenium park and the Mag. Mile shops. Best value to get the 3 day $14 transport pass which does buses and trains.The air con was a little noisy from time to time, but not enough to complain.Chicago tips: hire a bike from North beach and ride along the lake shore, Lincoln park zoo is free and excellent, and eat at Maggianos (Italian), its absolutely beautiful.	
Jun 23 2009 	Friendly comfortable and accessible	My husband and I got a great deal to stay at Hotel Felix for a long weekend. We were impressed with the sleek, eco-friendly design as well as the friendly, helpful staff . STAFF: The staff was responsive and always greeted us with a smile. The front desk was always willing to print out directions to local restaurants and attractions. Housekeeping was friendly and always did a great, thorough job. LOCATION: Hotel Felix is only a walking distance from the Chicago brown and red L lines just outside of the Loop. There is a Whole Foods and 711 within a block of the hotel and the Magnificent Mile is only a few blocks away. A few more blocks past that is the lake shore. Millennium Park is only about a 20 minute walk from the hotel with lots shopping and restaurants on the way.ROOM As in most big cities, our room was pretty small, but extremely clean and comfortable (especially the fluffy, queen size bed). There is a flat screen HDTV with cable and an alarm clock radio complete with an ipod dock. The room is designed to be space efficient with storage drawers under the bed, a small alcove to hang a few clothes, shelved night stands and a cabinet in the bathroom. The bathroom was also very modern looking with a well sized shower stall complete with a rainfall shower head and nice variety of H20 bath products. The room was noise proof and we never heard neighbors or people in the hall. FACILITIES The funky lounge was a great area for guests to hang out or enjoy coffee and tea in the morning. There is also a small gym on the 2nd floor and an Aveda Spa. We were pleased that the hotel offers free wi-fi, but found the connection to be very slow.	
Jun 22 2009 	Wonderful experience!	The hotel staff was great! Everyone was so helpful, and nice, and full of information. This is a new property, and the only silver LEED hotel in Chicago. The restaurant is not open, but there is everything that you could imagine nearby within walking distance. So, have very comfortable shoes. The room was small, but very comfortable. No tub, but a very large shower. Can't wait to return!!!!!!	
Jun 21 2009 	Ridiculous!	Not sure how this hotel was reviewed so kindley? My cousin and I just stayed last night, 6/20/09 and booked through Hotwire.com. Payed a rediculous amount for this supposed 4 star hotel that had NO resturant on site (currently under construction), and a room so small.... you can whisper to someone on the toilet while lying in bed. Speaking of the bed... lumpy is how we best described it. We stayed on 2nd floor facing front of hotel and could hear Valet attendant or &quot;person with top hat&quot; (they said they didn't have a doorman) talking loudly very late and then at the crack of dawn. An alarm clock in the room went off at 0620 am and we certainly didn't set it! Stayed in much... better for alot less. Never again.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great Stay Great Service!	The staff were tripping over themselves to make sure we were happy. I left my phone in my car and within minutes the doormanhad brought it up to our room.The room was SOOO comfy and nicely appointed. We heard some of the rooms were on the small side so we asked for a larger room and it was just fine. The decor was so relaxing and the black out curtains were perfect for shutting out the world. We also had massages at the spa which were wonderful. We plan to stay again next time we visit. Hoepfully they don't get bought out by a chain for I fear if that happens the personal touch will be lost.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great stay at the Felix!	My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Felix for three nights--along with some family that stayed in the same hotel. We got a great deal booking online prior to the hotels opening so it is safe to say that we were a little apprehensive of what we would find upon our arrival. I must say that we were all very pleased with what we found.We had a king-size room the third floor. I was concerned because our room was right next to the elevator. However, at no point did we ever hear any noise or &quot;dinging&quot; from people utilizing the elevator. There was a housekeper vacuuming right on in the hallway around 9 a.m. on a Saturday morning, which I thought was a tad early to be cleaning the public areas. Luckily, I was already awake otherwise I would have been slightly peeved. The staff was awesome! They were very cheerful, willing to help, and asking what else they could to do to make our stay better. One doorman in particular, Julian, was a real treat who went out of his way to help us out. You will certainly find that the lobby and the rooms are small. However, the lobby was nicely appointed and we enjoyed the roaring fireplace and couches as we came and went for all our activities. We had drinks at the lobby bar one night. Good beer on tap and great service. The rooms are also nicely appointed but small. The bathroom was nicely done--I enjoyed the shampoos/conditioners/lotion and the huge shower head. There was a dreadful lack of any counter space in the bathroom however. With my toiletries, hair dryer, and curling iron, I ended up drying the sink out with a towel and using it as a counter. An extra shelf or something would be very helpful. The location was great and we found that most everything was only a short walk or taxi ride away. Check-out was quick and easy. Honestly, the service was so stellar that we didn't even really mind the small rooms or lack of counter space in the bathrooms. I would definitely stay at the Felix again or recommend it to others.	
Jun 15 2009 	Sleek cool and comfortable	I do a lot of travel for business and was so pleasantly surprised the first time I stayed at Hotel Felix for a trade show. It was very cool and sleek, modern. i understand it was recently renovated. I will DEFINITELY stay here again when I am in Chicago. It wasn't right in the middle of the city, a little further out, but had a nice neighborhood to walk around in with some bars/grills to walk to for food and a Starbuck's just a couple of blocks away. Next time I'll take some pictures to post with this review.	
Jun 10 2009 	Best Bed in a Hotel ever	We stayed here for a long weekend in June. While the rooms are truly tiny (my husband and I had to actually discuss where to put our two carry-on suitcases), the bed (and the sheets) was truly the most comfortable bed I have ever slept on in a hotel. The room was quite clean. I had asked for a &quot;quiet&quot; room, and it was. We did notice that you could hear the maid in the room next door cleaning, but we could never hear the other guests. There is free coffee in the morning, but no breakfast (we went to Whole Foods instead). The toiletries were a convenient size for airports (easy to refill). The location, once you learned your way around, is excellent- near to many bars, restaurants, the El, and other points of interest. We used the free Internet to help us plan our stay. The staff was friendly and gave good suggestions for eateries, but was not so successful as a concierge and getting tickets. We paid a reduced rate and were quite satisfied.	
Jun 9 2009 	Great stay	We stayed here after winning a bid on Hotwire, actually paid 1/2 of what their website was offering. The restaurant still isn't opened, but we typically don't eat at hotel restaurants anyway. Very nice room, large HDTV, soft comfy bed, lots of hot water and great water pressure. Some here had complained about the outside noise, it is somewhat noticeable, even on the 10th floor, but it is in downtown Chicago so it didn't bother us and we were able to ignore it. Others had mentioned that the rooms were small. I agree, but I didn't think it was tiny. It actually reminded us of European hotels. There was plenty of room for 2 adults and ultimately it's just a place to relax for a few days.One thing that really impressed me was that the previous occupant in the room had significantly scratched the wall. Maintenance came by, evaluated the damage and said he would take care of it. We went out the next day and when we came back to the hotel the wall was repaired and we couldn't even smell the fresh paint. Nice work.When we first arrived we requested an iron and it was delivered within 10 minutes. After returning from dinner on the final night of our stay, we stopped by the front desk and requested a fridge and it was delivered to our room in 5 minutes. Again, nice work. I've stayed at hotels were it's taken over hour to get a request filled.There's plenty of places to eat in the neighborhood all within walking distance. There's a Whole Foods store, McDonalds, Hard Rock Cafe, Potbellys, Fogo de Chao, just to name a few.If you don't want to pay $42/night for valet parking, I would recommend using the parking garage around the corner (on N Clark between Huron and Erie). It's only $23/night.	
May 29 2009 	Better Value Elsewhere	Look, I liked the Hotel Felix overall. My gripe with it is that you can get better for your money elsewhere in town. I liked the lobby bar, the doormen were all incredibly friendly and helpful, the front desk staff were pleasant. And the beds were absolute heaven. You literally sank down into them (they were so fluffy and soft I wondered if you could make snow angels). However, I had a gripe with the way the lobby area smelled, like sickly sweet flowers or something. I don't know if they are scenting it or if it's leftover from all the painting since the hotel is new, but it can't be all that eco-friendly, and isn't that the hotel's whole spiel? And the rooms. Geez, very small. Incredibly small even. Not what your expect for a 4 star hotel rating. I know the management has claimed in the past that this is because it is in a historic building, but one of the hotel staff told one of my traveling companions that is was for energy efficiency. I consider myself pretty environmentally-minded, but I just wasn't buying it and I don't think many people will be happy with it. You should not stay here if you have kids or want to be noisy, the rooms are just to small to allow any of that. My other gripe was the shower, it should haves some extra shelves in it or something besides that dinky one in the corner that is filled up with the freebie shampoo and conditioner. The sink should have a towel bar under it and the bathroom needs more shelves. There should be a coffeemaker in every room, it's just something people expect for a 4 star hotel. If you are sensitive to noise your should get a room above the 9th or 10th floor, the street noise is noticeable. I also liked the location since it was a pleasant walk to Michigan Avenue and the block it is on is less touristy than nearby areas. There's also some pleasant places to eat and there's a Whole Foods, 7-11, and Walgreens all within a couple blocks. Another thing I liked (and this is strange) is whatever the bathroom floor material was, it looked like stone or something but it wasn't slippery at all. Nice touch. Overall, a good stay, but the rooms are the big gripe.	
May 29 2009 	A great hotel stay - can't wait to go back when the restaurant is opened	I had a long weekend over Memorial Day and went with friends from Denver and Atlanta. Three of us stayed at this hotel. And let me tell you ... what a gem. The service was fantastic, the doormen very friendly and helpful (every time I left or came back to the hotel I was cheerful greeted and asked if there was anything they could do to make my stay more pleasant. I had a King room and while I was not too far from the elevator, I never had any issue with noise. The bed was very comfortable - I quickly fell asleep each night and woke well rested. The bathroom was pretty good size and, while I was surprised not to find a tub, the shower and oversized showerhead more than compensated for not having one. The products (shampoo, gel, etc) are H20 products - a friend had to call me while I was at the airport to tell me she found the store the product was sold. I will be purchasing online.My last night at the hotel, my friends from Denver and I had early cocktails at the bar and met the restaurant owner. The restaurant was not opened but after listening to the owner's vision and the food to be served, I will definitely be stopping back in. This hotel reminds me of the Hotel 27 in Copenhagen... it is small, out off the beaten path, yet close to everything you would want to do. When the restaurant is open, this hotel will be competition. Thanks, Hotel Felix!	
May 27 2009 	Great Stay at the Hotel Felix	I recently travelled to Chicago with a friend to do shopping and take in the sights. Hotel Felix was very conveniently located to everything in the area. We could walk everywhere, or if we were feeling lazy could take a cab very inexpensively. The hotel is very clean and staff were extremely friendly and helpful. We especially loved the door man Julian :)Our room was a little small, which was expected. The beds were very comfortable and the room had nice comtemporary decor. The bathroom had a good sized walk in shower.The only downside was the fan in the bathroom did not work. When one of us would shower it would get so steamed up that it made it difficult to apply makeup/style hair, etc. That being said, I would definitely recommend this hotel to others and would stay there again. Thank you for a great weekend Hotel Felix!	
May 20 2009 	Good but may get better	Just returned from a long weekend at the Felix. Depending on traffic, around a $35-40 cab ride from ORD. Great location, easy walking distance from many restaurants/clubs/stores as mentioned. Historic decor and nice lobby area. Small bar area but great service. As mentioned, rooms are small-ish. Was in a king-size room which was fine for my needs. The bed was very comforatable. No in-room iron/board but when calling front desk arrived within 10mins. A few picky details: the carpet is dark brown which picks up every lint speck, off color shedding which quickly makes the room look less than clean; the bathroom sinks are modern but shallow with little room between the water spout and actual sink. I challenge anyone to actually wash their hands under them. Very little extra space in the bathroom for toiletries but nice large shower and actual bathroom space. On the plus side, housekeeping was great. The room was clean every time we returned which is always a trick with departure/returning to a clean room. My friend and I both used the spa services and had great massages by two separate masseurs. Fitness center small with only 2 tread mills and 2 ellipticals and sm array of free weights. No indoor or outdoor pool. The bellmen were extremely friendly and helpful. A few glitches we encountered: On calling the hotel ahead of check-in, there appeared to be no actual knowledge of the room setups. Such as - were rollaways available (no); were there couches in the room (no). At check IN, I was asked to pay for the stay - no biggie but usually on check OUT. Got put on hold numerous times for extended period when I had questions about billing. In-room services such as laundry was met with 'I'm not sure' although needs were met. Restaurant was not open but scheduled for June. Could hear every sneeze, exact converstion through walls of adjoining room although was a joined room with a locked door between. Rate seemed a bit high for actual accomodations (almost $1100 for 4 nights) although when everything is up and running may be more in line with pricing. A strong 3.5-4 stars/5.	
May 19 2009 	Superior Customer Service Superb Location!	Just returned from a 2 night stay at the fabulous Felix! My friend and I went for our annual Girls weekend, it was our first time in Chicago. The location was amazing and the staff were super friendly. Julian was one of the doormen and he always had a friendly word and a helping hand ready! We were very impressed with the room and the location was less than a 5 minute walk to the Mile! I would highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay again!! Thank you Hotel Felix!!	
May 15 2009 	Euro design with relaxing tones and modern decor.	The Hotel Felix had recently opened, they were still hanging their marque when I arrived. I entered a small lobby with two conversation lounge areas and bar near a fireplace for intimate socializing. The decor was a soothing eco-friendly setting for a professional or trendy meet place. The front desk staff was very friendly and were especially accommodating to all of our requests, as were the bellman (who even ran to the store for me). I only experienced single rooms, which were quite small but efficiently designed for storage &amp; comfort. The feel of the room was modern with earth tones for a relaxing atmosphere. The queen size bed had drawers built into the platform, eliminating the need for a dresser. There was soft cotton bedding, fluffy pillows and a duvet comforter on a very comfy mattress. The bathroom had a roomy stone tile stall shower with no tub, with a modern basin, non harsh lighting, thick cotton towels and hotel toiletries. To keep the room uncluttered, the flat paneled TV was wall mounted, a reduced size club chair was placed in a corner. The only horizontal place to put things were the compact desk area with wifi, a small modern table next to the club chair and two night tables on either side of the bed. The closet was compact but adequate for the single room. I missed out on the fitness room and spa (tight schedule), but I used the business center, which had free internet service and a printer/fax. There were also several meeting rooms, which looked comfortable when I peeked in.As far as I know, my group very satisfied with the hotel, with no memorable complaints, except one who had trouble navigating around the platform bed.Dont miss the restaurant ZED451 just one block away. Its a wonderful eclectic mix of American, Asian and Mediterranean choices for a one price, serving up a variety of inventive flavor infused, dry rubbed and aged meats plated in a Churrasco serving style. Very chic multi level decor with some seating extending from a fire pit. Bring an appetite, since the food doesnt stop until you realize that there is no more room to experience another bite.	
May 13 2009 	Very chic very new very nice hotel!	I booked the Hotel Felix through a conference I was attending in Chicago. This was my first time to Chicago, so I had no idea on ideal locations, but the Felix was perfect! It was within walking distance to almost everything I wanted to see, and if something was too far to walk, the doormen were eager to assist me with either a cab or instructions to the &quot;L&quot; Trains. As others have said, the rooms were small, but for a single traveler, they were just perfect. I was there for eight days and never felt cramped. The bed was possibly the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept on. The rooms came with free Wi-Fi which was nice being there on business, and included HD TV's and iPod docking stations which was great. The front desk staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and all of the doormen were excellent. Most of the time I was there, I dealt with Julian, and every time I went somewhere he took the time to ask where I was going and if I needed directions, and every time I returned he asked how each specific experience was. Each doorman remembered my name after asking it only once. The housekeeping staff was always around when I would leave the room, and would always ask if I wanted service or if I wanted them to wait. I was extremely impressed with the entire staff. My overall impression of the Hotel Felix was definitely a positive one, and if I ever return to Chicago, I will be staying there again!	
May 11 2009 	small rooms few amenities but still great	My friends and I just stayed at the Hotel Felix. It is true that the rooms are small but we really only were there to sleep. The bed was super comfortable so we slept very well. There are not a lot of amenities at this hotel but this really doesn't concern me. I don't typically eat at hotel restaurants or go to hotel bars. Now the staff here are superb. Not just the doorman, or the front desk staff....all of them. Because the hotel is small you tend to get a much more personalized level of service and it makes you feel very welcome. This hotel was also extremely clean. This probably has a lot to do with the young age of the hotel but the staff seems to do an excellent job of keeping it looking like new.Definitely a great looking hotel with great staff but the rooms are a little small.	
Apr 27 2009 	Amazing Outgoing and Attentive Staff	The hotel is so cozy and clean. My wife and I enjoyed sitting in the lobby and since the bar was closed the doorman went out and bought us a bottle of wine while we sat in front of the fireplace. Ben the doorman was so outgoing and helpful. He gave us 5 star service. Also Daniel at the front desk was great. He knew so much about Chicago! Every restaurant we wanted to go the week we stayed he got us into or gave us information about every restaurant. All the staff was so great through. We will return for sure. The rooms were small but romantic. Breakfast was fine too. Thanks for the great stay and keep up the good work.	
Apr 16 2009 	good economincal hotel	Revisiting Chicago where I used to live, I wanted an economical 3 day stay. I had a queen room on the 12th floor - you should know it's NYC size small! For myself , it was fine, if 2 people, may be difficult in that there is NO place to put your bag so even though it's cozy and cute small, it's not practical at all. Was told their bathrooms only had showers - no bathtub/shower combo options in the entire hotel exist. The bed is very comfy and I think they put forth a nice design to the whole place. They offer free continental breakfast each day which is nice. Service was fine. Whole Foods is 2 bl. away and Huron/Clark is an easy cab ride to Old Town and points to Loop - for business it'd work great.My complaint has to do with how loud everything was - thin walls, their sinks in the bathrooms are a bit weird - very shallow, they could use some basic options in the room like a do not disturb sign because the cleaning crew starts knocking on doors at 6:30am! Their spa opens this week and their restaurant was still in process of getting ready to open in June I was told. I typically stay at Sofitel Watertower or Sutton Place Hotel in Gold Coast for location which have larger rooms. I travel quite a bit and enjoy 4star hotels - I would likely not stay here again but for the value and if you were solo travelling for just 1-2 nights on business, it's a worthwhile stay. They've tried to make it a 4 star hotel w. the spa, business ctr, free wi-fi, etc. but the substance isn't really there. For $85 night it was worth it but I would be disappointed if I had to have paid more for it.	
Apr 14 2009 	Quality hotel at a decent price	my husband and I booked on line and got a great rate for two nights. The staff were all very friendly and hospitable. The free breakfast included waffles, fruit, bagels, etc. The lobby was very warm and cozy and will be really nice once their bar opens.I left a comment card the first night saying that a clock in the room would be nice and voila, there was a clock radio there the next night. We didn't mind the small room since there were only two of us. You should let them know if you want a room with a bathtub though because our room just had a walk in shower.I would definitely stay here again!	
Apr 6 2009 	Best hotel I've ever stayed in!	This hotel was amazing! Every staff person we encountered was fantastic. The front desk was quick with check-in and also went the extra mile to help us find a personalized birthday cake. The doormen were great and very fun, even giving us all umbrellas for our trip back to the airport. The location was excellent and I would highly recommend this hotel. Our room was immaculate (along with the rest of the hotel) and the beds were incredibly comfortable. The only downside I can even think of is the rooms are a bit small but even with four adults, we managed just fine. I'll definitely be returning!!! Thanks Hotel Felix for a great weekend!	
Apr 6 2009 	Good hotel friendly and helpful staff but tiny rooms	Hotel Felix had only been open for a week when we stayed there, and a few teething problems are to be forgiven. For example the bar hadn't been installed, but what was there looked like it will be fine. The staff were very helpful (directing us to a good local restaurant for example), good free internet access &amp; a basic but OK complimentary breakfast.The location is convenient for a 5 minute walk to the Water Tower and Michigan Avenue. Good restaurants are nearby (Quartinos and Fogo de Chao for example).However, one thing that can't improve with time is the size of the rooms. Our bedroom was tiny, with hardly any space to walk around the bed. Two open cases and it was mostly used up. If you travel light, then it might be OK.	
Apr 6 2009 	Nicely remodeled hotel in good location	The Hotel Felix is a newly remodeled property that just opened for guests in March 2009. The location is excellent, just a couple of blocks from Michigan Avenue (Magnificent Mile) and near lots of popular sites. The hotel has a modern slightly European decor. The rooms are small and a bit cramped, but the space is utilized well. The small rooms are not really a problem for most people because you're probably not coming to this part of Chicago to hang out in your room. The staff were attentive and helpful. Our room had no bulbs in the lamp and a non-functional phone when we checked in. These were fixed immediately. The beds are very comfortable. The hotel is trying to be green, so valet parking is free if you have a hybrid car. Otherwise it's a very pricey $42/day. There was a little confusion at check-out. I'd already pre-paid on Hotwire, but was asked to pay again. The problem was solved however and not really an issue. Overall this is a nice place, with a great location in the heart of Chicago.	
Apr 5 2009 	Nice but not for families with kids	Felix is a new and clean hotel with really friendly and helpful staff. The only problem was our room that was absolutely too small. It could be enough for one person but not for two adults and a baby. We really enjoyed the breakfast and the friendly staff but I can not recommend this hotel for families with kids.	
Oct 14 2009 	Bien ubicado		
Oct 1 2009 	Maravillosa estancia		
