Oct 6 2009 	Very good can't beat for the price!	Staff helpful, friendly, hotel room clean, grounds clean. Not noisy.Good experience.	
Aug 10 2009 	excellent convenient amenable staff	I have used and recomened Amber Inn for at least the past 5 years, maybe longer. My organization co-sponsers 2 events/year; end of august, early december. People come from all over the country, even some from canada and france and have had no complaints from any that have stayed there. I always let people know that there is no room service(meals brought to you) and if that's what they want they may opt for more costly downtown hotels. Most have eaten at restaurant whose management has changed thru the years, but I have yet to recieve complaints. Ms. Smith and her staff have always been resourceful, courteous, professional. Extremely patient as I have added, canceled up to the last minute, and they have never been rude or like I'm bothering them from doing their jobs. Unfortunately, there are never enough rooms as our events occur when there are so many other ones going on in the city. People that we have had to place at other hotels have accused me of showing favoritism by assigning some to Amber Inn and they could not get rooms there as they wait too late to book...especially when the people who stay at Amber brag about how good they were treated and the courtesy of the employees. We are again staying at Amber Inn end of this month. Hats off to Ms. Smith who demands nothing less than complete customer satisfaction, and the staff that lives up to those expectations!	
Mar 25 2009 	Best small Hotel on the SouthSide	Look if your looking for excellent service, cleanliness, location, value, and room then go to a 5 star!!! If you dont have five star money, then you dont [--] about staying at an Inn. Im a regular at the Amber Inn and Its the best hotel that you will find on the south side of chicago!!!!	
Mar 21 2009 	neveragain	the rooms smelled bad the manager ms smith is arragont the rest food is nastttty	
Jan 8 2009 	I am a regular. They still amaze me with the great service!	I am a regular. So, I know I am ALWAYS going to get a great room, and service from the staff at the Amber Inn. The reason my last stay stood out, was I brought my DVD PLAYER, this time. However, the television did not have the imputs to plug in my device. I just simply called the front desk, and they switched TVs for me to enjoy my own movies from home. I CALL THIS GREAT SERVICE., AND GREAT DECISON MAKING ON THEIR PART. I WAS HAPPY, AND THAT IS ALL THEY CARED ABOUT!!!!The manager and owner should be proud. They always call me by name, &quot;GOOD MORNING, MR.NORMAN.&quot; They make me feel real important. Also, there is a great resturant below the hotel called PEARL'S PLACE.	
Aug 5 2008 	A College Students Perspective	My friends and I stayed at the Amber Inn for three nights for the Lollapaloza Music Festival. I see myself as an easy going college student that doesn't need much in the way of hotel accommodation. This being said, the only reason that I rated the motel with two stars is because of the price and the location. Every other aspect of the hotel is worthy of only 1 star. We got two rooms: one room smelled of cheap perfume and the carpet was sticky as if there was still soap in it, the other room was clean and basic but the lock on the door handle was broken and the deadbolt didn't work with the key we received. The neighborhood was pretty shady. I would defiantly not walk around after dark. About three blocks from the projects. Close enough to the train but i did not feel safe walking there so we just drove to White Sox stadium transit station which is only three blocks away. All in all, it served our needs, cheap and close enough to downtown.	
Jun 24 2008 	Loved the Amber Inn	I loved staying at the Amber Inn!!! By me being on a budget, You can not beat the price. The service was great!! Had a problem with the air conditioner, as soon as I informed housekeeping, the air conditioner was fixed immediately. Great Service!!! I would reccomend this hotel to anyone. Each time I visit Chicago I will be staying at this hotel.	
Aug 24 2007	Cannot get any better for the price	This hotel I would recommend to anyone. The staff are friendy; the ambience is nice; the rooms are spacious, clean, and well taken care off. You are only 12 - 15 minutes from downtown which is pretty close. Highly recommended.	
Mar 5 2007 	Disgusted	On 03-03-07, my family and I got a room from The Amber Inn. The room which was a suite was quoted at 104.00 per night. Upon checking in we were given the key to a room on the 3rd floor, mind you that we were carrying our luggage and one of the guests has a bad heart. The room wreaked the smell of &quot;BM&quot; and other things. When we reported it, they stated they had not cleaned that room, the manager was getting that carpet cleaned from some party that was held there where alcohol and vomit had soaked until the carpet. We were then given another room that was on the 3rd floor in the opposite direction. The attendant informed us the only access to the room was from the elevator. The elevator went to the 3rd floor but the doors wouldn't open there. The next room they took us to was still dirty. They informed us that it will take 25 minutes to clean and advised us to seat at the restaurant down stairs. The restaurant was not the greatest but it was okay. There was no seasoning on the food, but then again we leave in the south and that's how we do it. When the attendant told us the room was ready he informed us there will be an additional charge of 24.00 because there was a Jacuzzi in the bathroom. We spoke with the clerk and the manager of whom both had a nasty attitude because we had concerns of the additional price. It was a short notice trip so the 128.00 over priced room was accepted (and this was supposed to be a discounted rate). It took 3 hours and 2 phone calls to get extra towels. It took another 2 calls for them to fix the TV. The bathroom had not been swept nor mopped. Granted the room was very spacious. Well I guess enough room for the little mouse that was spotted running around in it. I called and asked the clerk her name, the manager first and last name, address and phone number of the hotel. When I again asked the clerk for her last name she stated &quot;Why, Why you want to know&quot;. Frustrated and maybe wrong I disconnected the call. The manager called right back and stated “If you all have a problem we could refund your money back.&quot; I stated O Kay thank you, and disconnected the call. The other guest were too tired from the drive and all the walking and confusion and decided to just let it go. I would not recommend this place to anyone. The restaurant food the next day was half done and had to be returned. Better Business Bureau will also be contacted concerning this facility.	
Mar 1 2007 	Wow! What a great place for the price!	I enjoyed my stay at the Amber Inn near southside, it was delightful this past Year 2006. My room was of excellent quality for the price. The atomsphere was restful and I was not hurried or rushed in anyway. I received prompt and courteous service at the front desk. The price was reasonable and the room was clean.	
Jun 11 2006	Ok but...beware!	We booked the Amber Inn the day before we travelled to Chicago, as we could not find any other reasonably-priced accommodation. On arriving at Chicago''s Union station, we got into a taxi and gave the address to the driver. His response was: &quot;Why are you going that far out of town?&quot; Oops. Reviews of the hotel (outside this website) said that it was close to the town centre, and this was confirmed by the receptionist on the phone. Tut, tut, tut. We arrived at the Amber Inn (the cab ride cost us $17 including tip and took around 15-20 minutes) and went to our room with no great expectations. However, the room was very spacious (we got the double luxury room for $101 per night for the two of us) and had all the essential amenities, plus a microwave and fridge. Even though it was clean and looked OK, everyone we told we were staying in the south side of Chicago (the inn is located at the junction between 39th street and South Michigan Avenue) would be surprised and would warn us that south Chicago was &quot;the worst area you could have chosen to stay!&quot;. It seems that there are a lot of drugs and crime going on around that area, but thankfully we were ok, as we didn't use any public transport (or our feet!) at all around there, but took cabs into the town centre and back every day. Considering that the prices were low considering that this is Chicago, it worked out fine for us, as the cab rides cost $30 aller-retour and it would have been at least the same, of not more, had we stayed closer to the town centre.Altogether, a good bargain and a fair hotel, but try to avoid this area if you can-and anything beyond 20-25th street south- if you want to feel safe and enjoy your stay!	
Jan 23 2006	Good space for the price	I really enjoyed the hotel and plan to go back. It was an oasis in the city. There are only a few nice hotels on the city's South Side and this is one of them. The Sunday morning buffet at the restaurant is one not to be missed. There is ample parking. I want to try the penthouse. It seems like it would be luxurious and romantic. If you have out of town relatives or friends that need a place to stay, I would wholeheartedly recommend this place. It beats the pricier downtown hotels and it is not too far from downtown itself.	
