Oct 25 2009 	Great Hotel off Mag Mile	Pros - nice block of hotels and buildings kitchenette and buffett breakfast clean and modern hotel can't get closer to mag mile without being on itCons - grocery store is more than a few blocks away if location is your prority, this is not place - try river north about 6 blocks to closest el station - not ok in the winterI like staying at Residence Inns when I'm on vacation for longer than week. No need to eat out every meal because of the kitchnettes, plus there is a pretty good buffet breakfast and free newspapers in the morning. This Residence Inn is located on Walton, a block from the lake and a block from the top of Michigan Ave. For your frist trip to Chicago this is really a great location to stay in but river north is really better to stay at. This close to bloomingdales, macy's, and the designer shops, you can catch the tour bus and go to the chocolate factory. State street, navy pier, the musuems are walk but possible.	
Oct 10 2009 	Magnificent Mile/Hotel	Our stay at the Marriott Residence Inn was relaxing. The hotel is one block just off Michigan Ave (the Magnificient Mile). Great location for dinning and shopping. It's just a 15 minute walk to the Navy Pier. Our room, a one bedroom suite which included a full kitchen, was spacious, comfortable and clean. The amenities were updated and nice.The hotel offered a breakfast buffet every morning, with a different menu each time. On Wednesday and Thursday of our stay, they offered a dinner buffet, free!We highly recommend this hotel and plan to stay there again on our next trip.	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Location awesome rooms	Got a real good deal on internet site, one of the nicest hotels I've been at for it's price and location. It within walking distance of a lot of attractions, and the room featured a kitchen and really nice TV.	
Oct 4 2009 	Clean Great Service Friendly Staff	I stayed at this hotel for one week in August. It was fabulous. Clean, comfortable, great kitchen with stove, refrigerator, microwave and even a dishwasher (a fabulous option to eating out!).Delicious hot breakfast buffet! Free dinner about three times that week. The kitchen &amp; buffet staff were very friendly and there was even a very nice lady with a delightful voice who graced us with her singing! I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. Great location in downtown Chicago. Walking distance to many stores, restaurants, and beautiful Lake Michigan. Great experience.	
Oct 3 2009 	Nice place	Our HR Technology conference hotel was sold out so we booked this and it was surprisingly very nice. Only compliant would maybe be the elevators were slow. Room was nice and clean. Rate was reasonable. Free dinner and drinks in the evening and free breakfast pretty good.	
Sep 17 2009 	Excellent location -- terrible front desk staff	The location is great -- next to the Hancock and Water Tower and all of the shopping goodness that the Mag Mile has to offer. The front desk staff is terrible. For the amount of money that the room costs and the amount the valet parking costs, you would think they would be better at being more friendly and helpful. Although the front desk staff service is appalling, the breakfast/evening meal ladies are great! They go out of your way to make you feel at home.	
Sep 8 2009	Overall great hotel but the rooms could benefit from some changes	The hotel was located a few blocks off Michigan Avenue (&quot;Magnificent Mile&quot;) so the location was great. We had five people sharing a suite (2 bedrooms and a sofa bed) and there was only one bathroom. The bathroom has a toilet and shower by itself and the sink is outside the door in a &quot;common area.&quot; The bathroom did not have a vent fan and the sink being outside was inconvenient for those &quot;middle of the night bathroom trips&quot; since we had a person sleeping on the sofa bed that was disturbed when you washed your hands. Also, there are no mirrors in the bedrooms which means when you have five people getting ready in the morning they are in close quarters near the bathroom.And you'll probably wait awhile for the elevator and don't plan on taking the stairs to the lobby because they dump you outside of the hotel.	
Aug 16 2009 	Good value - shame about some of the guests	I had five nights here on business in Chicago. The room was very comfortable even if some details were looking a little tired and it was an excellent location just off Michigan Avenue, although the immediate neighborhood is significantly more upscale than the hotel itself and short of medium-price eating. The internet connections worked fine and the room was well-serviced, with consistently friendly staff throughout the hotel and a real effort to make guests welcome. The daily complimentary breakfasts and mid-week happy hours added to the good value, but there was a real lack of lobby seating to consume them. At weekends, the obvious value for families meant that free breakfast rapidly descended into total chaos with ample and gross evidence of how American kids come to be so obese. Navigating the buffet, where the staff struggled to keep up with the customers' rate of consumption, required constant vigilance to avoid stepping on small children with groaning plates. I was quite glad to be able to shut this out when I closed the suite door - and it is fair to say that internal noise was never a problem despite the large number of families present. Mid-week was a little more civilized.	
Jul 26 2009 	Perfect in every way	One word describes the stay at this hotel..PERFECT. The staff, location, room couldn't have been better. We will return to this hotel and have recommended it to many.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great location great hotel	Five girls from Ohio/Michigan went for a girl’s weekend in Chicago. Our travel plans had us arriving at 11:30am, of course check in wasn't until 4pm, but when I called that morning to see if we could check in early, they accommodated us. The location could not be better – just shy of the Gold Coast and right next to Water Tower Shops and the John Hancock bldg. The street was quite considering we were downtown Chicago. The Drake and Millennium Hotels are down the street. Every morning we walked several miles in the morning – very safe neighborhood. We were two blocks east of Michigan Ave and able to walk to Rush Street. Oak Street Beach is less than 1/2 mile. The bus stops were close and allowed us to travel pretty freely thru the city. The hotel appeared to be recently renovated and has very lovely lobby. A full breakfast buffet is served every morning: eggs, sausage, pastries, fruits, waffles, etc. The staff both at the valet and the front desk was friendly. In fact, every staff member but one went out of their way to say hello, good morning, how is everything… Our two bedroom suite had a slice of a lake view, a full sized oven, and refrigerator, dishwasher and kitchen wares. The living area, Master bedroom and second bedroom had flat screen TVs. The toilet/shower is separate from the sink which made it convenient for five women to get ready. There was also a separate lighted mirror with outlets. Free wireless! We were fortunate enough to have a Marriott Friends and Family discount – total for three nights $900.00 – we did utilize the valet parking for one night, but then moved the vehicle to my nephew’s residence to avoid the $42/day fee.	
Jun 22 2009 	Perfect location great staff. Very high cost and overcrowded elevator	Great Miracle Mile location. Quiet side street right off the best part of Michigan Ave. close to shopping and night spots.Staff goes over and beyond. Nice complementary breakfast. Free Internet (but wireless was down the whole week I was there - only wired worked).Downside is a very costly high-end rate for a mid-tier hotel.Suites are large but limited with only 1 bathroom.The other drawback is the 2 small slow elevators are insufficient for the hotel's size. There can be a long wait and they're very crowded at peak times.Another issue which may be a plus for some is that they appear to accepts guests with large dogs. There are signs posted that pets cannot use the main elevator which seem to be ignored.	
Jun 15 2009 	Good Location. Good Value with a Little Research.	The price for this hotel on the Marriott web site is $199.00. I got it for $99.00 on Priceline and was able to add air fare on American for less than what I would have paid on all the major travel web sites for air and hotel combined. That said, I enjoyed my short time at the Residence Inn (June 11-14). There's not a whole lot I can add that hasn't already been addressed in previous reviews, but I will try.The Thursday night I was there, they had a Chicken Ceasar Salad and Soup night for the &quot;Manager's Reception.&quot; It appears they do something different each Thursday night of the month. I had already eaten, but I tried the salad and it was not too bad. I did not try the soup. They had Miller Genuine Draft and Miller Lite on tap. However, one tap ran out (the Miller Lite) and the other one was spewing foam. One of the hotel staff members worked on it and finally started pouring beer from the tap into pitchers and taking them around and filling up people's cups. After a while, she just filled the pitchers and left them by the tap. It took me a while to find the wine. Turns out the wine (red) is in a dispenser much like what one might use to dispense orange juice, so it was a little confusing.They have other themes during the week like Bar-be-que on Wednesday night, hot dogs on Tuesday, I believe. etc. As for breakfast, one morning they had scrambled eggs and patty sausage and the next day it was scrambled eggs and link sausage. There were a couple of waffle machines and they had fruit, cereal, bread, on so on.The room was nice. I liked the big shower versus the usual bath tub with shower. The only complaint I would have is my room faced Walton and I could hear alot of the street noise and rowdy folks out front, but no big deal. I found it weird that the in-room literature said there was no need to get ice as I could get it from the ice-maker in the fridge. I then opened the fridge to find two empty ice trays. While I was there the TV channels went digital and CBS and HBO disappeared. Not sure why that happened.Someone mentioned a store &quot;behind&quot; the hotel. It is actually on a side street. You have to go down some stairs to get there. The night I went there were some questionable characters at the top of the stairs asking me if I wanted my shoes shined. I was wearing tennis shoes, so I passed on the shoe shining and decided to pass on going down the stairs to the store. I turned around and walked the few steps back to the hotel.I was in town for the NeoCon show at the Merchandise Mart. I took a cab a few times and the cost was $6.25 - $6.75. For some reason, the cabs leaving the hotel added $.50 to the trip that wasn't added on the way back. I did discover I could catch the 125 Water Tower Express from in front of the Hancock Building and it was only $2.25. It would drop me off in front of the Merchandise Mart on Wells and pick me up in front on Ontario. I was also able to bus it over to the Cadillac Theater to see a Broadway play (Mary Poppins - fun show even for a 54 year old guy). I took a cab back to the hotel and it was still only $6.00 - $7.00.As other folks have noted, Michigan Ave. is only two blocks away and you can go a block or two the other direction and be at the water. You can see the fireworks from there that they shoot off from the Navy Pier every Wednesday and Saturday night.Eats wise, I hit Gene and Georgetti's Steak House. Itailian wait staff, white table cloths. Steaks are high dollar and my strip steak was incredibly thick. Don't think I would go back there, though....$62.00 with tip for one. Hit the Billy Goat Tavern for a &quot;Cheesborger.&quot; It's OK, but nothing outstanding. Gino's East is good for pizza. Tried some Chicago Dogs. They were OK, too, but wasn't impressed. Maybe I went to the wrong place. I think it was called America's Favorite Dog or something like that.Hope some of this helps with your trip to Chicago. I don't think I would pay $199.00 for the Residence Inn with all the deals out there, but if you can get it for $99.00, go for it.	
Jun 2 2009 	good hotel	clean and good hotel for ourfamily	
Jun 1 2009 	You don't need a rental car here! Great Location!	This is your typical Residence Inn which is good if you need a refrigerator and a place to eat in the room. The studio king was good for 2 people, but I wouldn't recommend it for 3 or 4 people because you would be tight on personal space and closet space.Good central location where you can catch the bus to basically anywhere in the city (i.e. #151 Lincoln Park Zoo, #66 Navy Pier, #146 Museum Campus, #10 Museum of Science and Industry). If you prefer cabs you'll never have a problem since there are so many right outside the door.There wasn't a problem with noise from outside or with the neighbors. Free breakfast wasn't a problem, it was never crowded even at the peak times. Although there were only 2 elevators it was never an issue. But, we visited in late May so I don't know how it is during the summer.The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. I don't think the sofabed would be comfortable at all, and the blanket for the sofabed is very thin. The free internet was a plus although it was not wireless (you have to plug in).Overall it was a pleasant stay and I like it because every time we went to the bus stops close to the hotel and boarded the bus it wasn't crowded, but as the bus went down Michigan Ave. (Mag Mile) it would fill up.FYI- You can see the fireworks from the Navy Pier if you walk all the way down Walton to Lake shore Drive (Wed @9:30 and Sat @10:15)	
Jun 1 2009 	this hotel was perfect	just hosted a wedding in chicago memorial day weekend, so needed a comfortable place for all the out of town guests. this hotel was perfect for people coming for 3-4 days. most stayed in the 1 bedroom suite-this has an oversize bedroom and a separate large living room. we got very inexpensive AAA rates.good breakfast included. lobby is a great &quot;hang out&quot; area. hotel feels like one is staying in a condo in a posh part of town. what with a busy wedding weekend, we didn't need a pool. don't stay here if you need one. staff was excellent.	
May 26 2009 	Surprising deal right downtown	Such a surprise for a really nice hotel in the downtown Chicago area. Good deal and very friendly staff! Greeted you everytime you walked around somewhere.	
May 12 2009 	Looks good on paper...not so much in person.	A friend and I stayed here for a long weekend vacation. Before we came, we did a lot of looking online at the hotel. However, when we got to the hotel things just seemed to different; from the lobby to even the exterior. The room was just ok, but the maid service was great. We got new towels and different amenities everyday, along with a fresh bed-change. The elevators were extremely slow and the front desk was just semi-helpful. The free breakfast was definitely &quot;free&quot;. Overall this hotel was just fine for what we needed because we mostly just slept there. It is in an awesome location, with the Magnificent Mile just a few blocks away. For a booking rate of $89.00/night this was a decent place to stay.	
Apr 28 2009 	Renovations fell short in key areas	This is a well located hotel with attractive, updated rooms. I stayed in a studio with a modern kitchen, flat panel TV, and a clean, comfortable bathroom (shower only). As usual at this level Marriott, internet service is free. When I first walked in, I was amazed by what I got for the money. Add in the excellent location, friendly service and lake views and it seemed hard to beat.What I found the first night, though, greatly changed my impression. The bed was lumpy with a depression on the side closest to the bathroom. I suppose that's where most guests have slept over the years. Too bad the bed was forgotten when the other renovations were carried out. Worse yet, the quiet room I requested turned out to be anything but. The elevator is old and noisy. Even though I was across the hall and two doors down, I could hear the elevator whirring up and down all evening long and again the next morning. It was nearly impossible to sleep except in the few quiet hours after midnight. I'm a huge fan of Marriott so it is takes a lot to write anything negative. But until they replace the old elevators and beds, this property doesn't live up to its potential. If you do choose to stay here and you are a light sleeper, you should request a room at the FAR end of the hallway.	
Apr 28 2009	Excellent Value in Downtown Chicago	My 2 daughters and I stayed at this hotel for two nights and had a great experience. The location can't be beat, we walked almost everywhere and never felt unsafe at all. The room was very clean and the kitchenette was really lovely. The bathroom was clean and updated with a separate sink/vanity area which helped when 3 women were trying to get showered and dressed! The breakfast was excellent with lots of choices and plenty of room to sit. One of my daughters is a fitness freak and she had no complaints about the fitness center. This is not a luxury hotel obviously but everything was clean, updated and more than adequate. The staff was friendly and helpful. The only things that I would consider &quot;cons&quot; were the elevators are very small and noisy, and when we had the sleeper sofa out it was very crowded in the room. Other than those 2 things it was a very pleasant and affordable stay.	
Apr 26 2009 	Would stay again without a doubt!	I stayed at this hotel for one night on business. The front desk staff were so helpful and accomodating. They gave me a free upgrade. I was so surprised to go to the room and find a kitchen with full fridge, sink, granite counter, microwave and free microwave popcorn. There was a normal size coffee pot with a few packets for morning coffee. There was a nice sized living room with a flat screen tv, then another in the bedroom, which had a king size comfie bed. The price was less than another hotel I visited in Chicago. The other hotel was cold, dreary, the floors were uneven, it was outdated, etc. I was wondering what this would be like since I paid less here than the other one. Great place, clean, friendly. We walked to the Cheesecake factory about a block away. They had a free barbeque like they always do on Wed. night, but we did not choose to stay for it. Breakfast included eggs, sausage, potatos, oatmeal, fruit, several choices of dry cereal, breads, waffles, on and on. I have nothing negative to say, I would stay here again!	
Apr 22 2009 	Sleeples in Chicago	When I checked into this hotel, I told the concierge that I was a light sleeper, and requested a room away from lift machinery and fire doors that may bang shut. My room seemed acceptable, with a view out from the side of the hotel.However, EVEN WITH EARPLUGS IN, I was woken the first morning by a refuse cart in the street at the back of the hotel BEFORE 6am (Jeez!...can't really blame the hotel for that, just the ludicrously early time they start to collect refuse in Chicago, and the noisy way they go about it).The next night some drunken idiots arrived back in the neighbouring room at around 4am, laughing and shouting LOUDLY, again waking me up. This went on for around 20 minutes, at which point I phoned reception and asked them to do something.They did NOTHING, but eventually (after a bit of banging on the wall from myself), it went quiet next door...the neighbours must have passed out. I managed to get back to sleep at around 5:20am, and woke at my normal time of 6:45.The disturbance of my sleep didn't help me on the 3-day course I was attending at the Siebel Institute.When checking out, I complained loudly about the lack of action concerning my noisy neighbours, and was presented with...a package containing a &quot;Sorry&quot; card, a bottle of water, and a packet of cookies!BIG DEAL! I should have told them to STUFF IT WHERE THE SUN DON&quot;T SHINE.My advice to anyone that may need some guaranteed uninterrupted sleep whilst staying in Chicago because they are on a course or a business meeting: pay a little more and go up-market instead of staying at this noisy hotel, as there's less likelihood of drunken scum being able to afford the ante...PLUS, a decent hotel will do something if a guest is being noisy and disturbing other guests.(I give it 2 out of 10....marginally above a sleeze-hole in India which gets a 1)	
Apr 10 2009 	Awesome Stay and Great Trip!	We used priceline to book hotel and flight for $860 roundtrip for 2 for 3 nights. Such a nice deal, and we'll definitely do again next Easter weekend! The only negative is that there are no stairs leading to the first floor. Lots of people complained about the breakfast area not being big enough but the breakfast had everything and people ate and left fast. Just don't wait until the last hour to eat breakfast...go a little earlier if you don't like to wait. We really can't complain since we liked everything about this location...convenient to shopping and we took the cab everywhere in order to save time. There are 3 slow elevators, but the longest we waited was 5 minutes.Our room was nice and having a fridge and microwave was great since we always had leftovers. Our bed was a king and it was comfy. There is no tub but the shower was roomy. No view in our room but we were always out and we liked it dark for sleeping, which was the only thing we did since we had too much fun exploring the town. We're huge Foodies so it was close to lots of good food. Wear comfortable shes and walk to get Hot Chocolate at Hersheys, 1492 Tapas, Zodiac Restaurant inside Neiman Marcus...we love their huge popovers w/strawberry butter, and Food Life attached to Macy's. Plasma TV was a plus, which the Hubby loved!!!I guess our room was a studio since the bed was not in a separate room, but it was much more roomy than the last hotel room we stayed at in New York City. Did I mention...we loved having free internet access from our room! Can't wait to come back!!!	
Apr 4 2009 	Great accomodations in downtown Chicago	We visited Chicago for spring break in March 2009. We arrived at the hotel early and although our room was not ready we we called on our cell phone when the room was finished. Upon entering our room we were very pleased. We stayed in a studio room, but since there were only two of us there was plenty of space especially for a downtown hotel. The bed was extremely comfortable and everything we could have possibly needed was there for us. The staff did tell us that the entire hotel was newly renovated in August of 2008!The staff was really friendly and helpful. We ordered dinner on a couple of nights and the front desk was great at recommending delivery restaurants. Our housekeeper even left us a little welcome treat and did a wonderful job at making sure our room was spotless.The free breakfast was full of many options. We never found the room too crowded and the food was always hot and fresh. It was amazing how nice this breakfast was with the low price we payed for the room. Definately a bargain.We used public transportation the entire time we were in Chicago. The hotel was only two short blocks from the bus we connected to on our way from O'Hare. The stop for the downtown busses was close as well. We did the 3 day pass and defnintely got our use out of it. EVERYONE on the busses (drivers and passengers) were very helpful and cheeful!One suggestion...the John Hancock building is a block away...instead of paying the observation deck fees go to the lounge on the 96 floor (two floors about the observation deck) and have a drink. You will only pay a couple more dollars to get a drink and there is no entry fee. We sat and watched the sunset in a wonderful setting.If we are ever in Chicago again we will definately stay in this hotel!!	
Apr 4 2009 	Awesome service and location	We stayed one night at a great rate of $89 through travelzoo. The staff could not have been more nice and helpful. While we were checking in and out, they were getting compliments from other guests.The room was very clean and the kitchen really helps when traveling with children. The full size refrigerator was a big plus!The location cannot be beat, right off Michigan Ave., close to everything.We would definitely stay here again.	
Mar 30 2009 	First Class service and A+ accomodations	There is not one negative thing to say about this lovely Michigan Avenue hotel (it's one block from Water Tower Place). The hotel staff was awesome. We got to the hotel at noon. Check in wasn't until 3:00 and they said they would call us on our cell phone as soon as our room was available. I couldn't believe it, they actually called an hour later and we were able to check in. (That's a first for us) We were on the 15th floor in a two room suite. The bedroom area alone was larger than most normal hotel rooms. Everything was so clean and well decorated. We attended the managers Barbecue buffet for dinner (excellent) and the next morning the managers breakfast (excellant again.) We were so pleased with the hotel and staff we tried to make a reservations for another stay in May, but unfortuneately they were booked. The hotel is located further to the North on Michigan Avenue but a very nice walk to all the shopping attractions and not to far of a walk to Navy Pier.	
Mar 30 2009 	Felt Like Home	Residence Inn exceeded our expectations. We felt so comfortable, safe, and at home there. Our room was large and comfortable, filled with many amenities that made it feel like home - sink, refrigerator, microwave, dishes, popcorn, couch, large TV, etc. Everything was kept very clean. Breakfast was crowded but offered many options so we didn't have to eat the same thing everyday. Staff was moderately friendly. My only complaints were there weren't enough blankets on the bed - could use a thicker comforter. Also, it's a little far from the subway station - especially in the middle of February - so plan on a lot of walking if you're using public transportation. Other than that, we had a great experience here!	
Mar 25 2009 	Great Night on the town!	My husband booked a room here for my birthday. He had called the hotel to ask for a nice room. The hotel only has 19 floors so it does not have major views but it is so close to everything - 2 blocks to Michigan Ave!When we arrived, the room was on the top floor with a partial water view. The staff had written me a birthday card with a free bottle of wine! Nice touch.The room had been recently remodeled and was really nice and modern and spotless!The next morning we were a little late for breakfast buffet but the staff went into the kitchen and got us everything - they were so sweet!We are planning on bringing the kids back downtown this Xmas and would definately plan to stay here. Only one negative - the parking is really expensive but all downtown hotels are the same. We parked around the corner for $34 while the hotel is $45 overnight (with no in/out priviledges).	
Mar 7 2009 	amazing value (one of the best hotels we have EVER stayed at)	where to begin?...got an amazing deal on priceline...hotel had everything we could ask for...rooms were huge for being downtown...king size bed, LCD tv, large bathroom, couch, full kitchen (fridge, stove, microwave, dishes, utensils, etc), free breakfast, and for the night we stayed, there was free meatball subs and beer for dinner...i think they had the free beer because there was not a bar at the hotel...but there are tons of bars in the area...most importantly, the room was clean and the location was great...a 2 minute walk from magnificent mile...only problem was parking, but thats a problem EVERYWHERE in chicago...would highly recommend!	
Mar 3 2009 	Tiny Bathroom	Residence inn has been our hotel of choice all over the US. We are always pleased with the facilities &amp; staff. We always save money due to having our own kitchen which is always stocked well enough for breakfast &amp; small (snack ) means. Plenty of room &amp; TV's for our family of 4. We stayed in a 2bedroom suite # 515 Only bad thing at this hotel was the tiny bathroom. The toilet/tub room was 5' x 4 1/2'. and the sink area was also small. We understand that this used to be an apt.bldg. which could explain the cramped bath area. If it was not divided up in res. inn style, the area would at least have seemed bigger. I would reccomend this room for a couple or fam w/ teenagers ( bathing babies would be impossible! ) The street below was not busy so it was very quiet (not typical for Chicago downtown).  We were within walking distance to many very nice restaurants, &amp; 1 1/2 blocks from Mich. ave. The bldg. behind the hotel has a grocery/party store.	
Mar 2 2009 	Great room with a sort of view	The rooms are big and spacious . . . a nice thing in downtown Chicago. The hotel is just around the corner from the Hancock building. A nice breakfast is included . . . cereal, waffles, eggs, buiscuts and gravy, yogurt, and more. If you get a room up high enough you can see Lake Michigan. From the lower floors you can see either the street or the building behind. All in all a great place to stay. Only real drawback is that there are only 2 elevators and 19 floors of rooms. So plan to wait for the elevator.	
Feb 9 2009 	Girls Getaway!	Went beginning of Feb. for a girls weekend. Had 6 people in a 2 bedroom suite. Only 1 bath, wish there was more and was a tight squeeze. Full length mirror in awkward location. Hotel has a pretty good Buffet Breakfast. Location a couple of blocks from Hancock Building would have preferred something in the middle of Mag. Mile, but can't find unless you want to pay for 2 rooms. For the price not bad. Delware Pantry around the corner. And if going to Chicago I would recommend a 3 or 5 day CTA pass for transpertation.	
Jan 29 2009 	Good Value	Stayed for 2 nights in early Jan this year. Very spacious 2 bedroom suite (apart from the bathroom which is a little cramped!). Great kitchen and large lounge room. Bed very comfortable, stayed here with my wife, 2 year old and mother in-law very comfortably. Good location, very friendly and helpful staff. Short stroll to Hancock, lake and shopping.	
Jan 22 2009	Loved The Neighborhood	Had a nice time there. Enjoyed walking around the neighborhood. Took in a show at the Drury Lane Theatre 2 blocks away. Shopped, ate, and grabbed some groceries all within easy walking distance.Had a view of the frozen lake and some interesting buildings across the street.. 2 Bedroom Suite was larger than expected and well equipped. Except for the tiny toilet - One of my favorite rooms ever.Liked the staff. The elevator was rather small and noisy. Would not recommend for people who didn't like elevators or confined spaces. Breakfast was average but the lobby it was served in was fantastic. It had lots of room and seating options. Would definitely stay there again if the price is right.	
Dec 29 2008 	Home away from Home	I was in Chicago for a 6 week period from early November to mid-December 2008. I stayed at the Residence Inn by Marriott in Downtown. Very good location and handy for shops, restaurants and supermarkets. Hotel was only opened in April, so felt very &quot;new&quot;. The Residence Inn does a great social evening on Monday to Thursday and offers free wine, beer and food for 90 minutes. Very good way to meet other residents in the hotel.Very good breakfast as well although it does tend to get overrun with Children on a weekend.The Thanksgiving meal was particularly good.My only criticism was that I did get a &quot;small&quot; room and for a 6 week extended stay I would have expected a bigger one. I checked out some other rooms and they were much bigger. This has stopped me rating this as &quot;excellent&quot;. I have to return to Chicago on a semi-regular basis in 2009 and will stay here again.Michael	
Dec 27 2008 	Home from home	Obviously part of the Marriott chain so that pretty much lets you know what to expect in advance. Two bed suite was huge (950 sq feet). In brief, full kitchen, 3 flat screen tv's, absolutely massive living area with free wifi and hugh windows with beautiful views of lake Michigan ( we were on 18th floor ) and a free breakfast. Air Con and heating was perfect and it needed to be because of the snow and minus 7 temperatures.Valet parking was $45 per day and in fairness was probably worth it and the guys did an excellent job with the cars.Location was brilliant being just 100 yards off the North end of the Magnificient Mile ( Water Tower End ) and slap bang beside all the interesting tourist sites including Hancock Tower, Navy Pier and the impressive Lincoln Park.The girls on reception were always friendly and up for a chat.All in all a very pleasant all suite hotel in a very pleasant city and hopefully we'll be back in the not too distant future.	
Dec 26 2008 	Home Away from Home	I stayed at the Residence in while attending a conference at an adjacent hotel. The staff was very welcoming and accomodated my request for a room on a lower floor. The rooms were extremely spacious, more so than most Residence Inns. The room was sparkling clean and cleaned perfectly each day. There was a good selection at breakfast each day, as well as at the dinner reception on one evening.	
Dec 2 2008 	Good hotel!	This hotel has a great location (about a block from Trump Tower and right across the street from the House of Blues). This hotel is brand new so it is very clean and the room is decorated nicely and clean. There was no bathtub in our room which I missed, but the shower was large. The only thing I have to complain about is that breakfast was a madhouse. Granted, it was the weekend of Lollapalooza, but it was ridiculous. There was not enough food and no organization. the breakfast area was too small.	
Dec 1 2008 	Loved it!!	This is a fantastic hotel! The location is great, it's close to everything, but off the Magnificent Mile, so it's quiet. The rooms are really nice sized. Having a mini kitchen is so convenient. The staff was wonderful. Free breakfast every morning! It was a nice variety, and there was something different every day. HIGHLY recommend this hotel.	
Nov 17 2008 	Pleasant Surprise	I knew this would be a great hotel from the moment I called directly to book our room, which is 50% larger than typical hotel rooms. Walton Street is very quiet, but just a 1/2 block from Michigan Ave. Oustanding Rosebud steakhouse is just across the street. We were pleasantly surprised when we opened the door to see how large the one bedroom suite really was. IMMACULATE kitchen with full size stainless appliances, wood floor and a dining table. The living room boasted a large plasma tv, stylish sleeper sofa, a recliner, another soft chair, end tables, and a coffee table which stowed a pull out ottoman. Even with a king size bed, a large dresser, another large plasma tv, and two large night tables, the bedroom was very spacious and included a large double wide closet. Considering it was myself and three teenage girls, one drawback was the small size of the bathroom and the lack of counter space for the separate vanity area. The elevators ran slowly at high traffic times. I LOVED the complimentary 24 hour coffee bar in the lobby which included hot tea and cocoa also. The included hot breakfast was adequate and consisted of the usual along with cold cereals, yogurt, fresh fruit and juices. The staff was extremely pleasant and very helpful. Valet parking is $45, typical for any hotel in Chicago, but these guys were very charming and polite. Even though we had to check out, valet pulled our car around to load our luggage and then reparked it so we could eat and shop for the afternoon before leaving for home. If you want a clean, large room with polite and gracious staff, this is the place to go. If you're lucky, you might run into Vince Vaughn coming out of his apartment at the Palmolive which is just a few doors down!	
Nov 7 2008 	Just an OK Marriott location	The hotel is in a nice quiet location a block away from Michigan Avenue and has valet only parking. The rooms are very clean and modern with a nice flat panel television and modern appliances. Breakfast and dinner was below average compared to other Residence Inns that I have frequented. Elevators seemed to have technical difficulties frequently. Workout facility is poor at best. Treadmill, bicycle, recumbent bicycle and elyptical machines are filthy and users have to view the TV by looking at it in the mirror(TV set up behind equipment.)	
Nov 2 2008 	Great hotel especially with kids	Stayed one night in two-bedroom suite - three adults and one child. The room was immaculate - modern furniture, 3 flat screen tvs, spacious, great kitchenette area stocked with everything you need - full-size fridge, microwave, dishwasher, coffee maker, stove, plates, etc. We were very comfortable.Easy walk to all of the shops on Michigan Avenue and good restaurants, but ordered deep-dish pizza and a salad from Giordano's which was great for the little one, who was a bit cranky after a long day and would not have done well out in public. A number of other restaurants also deliver to the hotel.Breakfast wasn't goumet, but did the job. We loved staying here and would recommend it to anyone, especially families.	
Nov 2 2008 	Great location and very nice facility - Will come back	I researched my hotel with TripAdvisor.com and found this hotel and liked what I saw. We stayed at this hotel in Oct 2008 and found it exactly as described by other travelors. The hotel is very clean and well situated at the north end of the Manefiction Mile of the Chicago Downtown shopping district. You are only half block away from the busiest shopping district of North America. The hotel room is clean, comfortable, and spacious. We entertained a few friends of us from the local area and they were pleasantly surprised by how much room we have. With a 2-room suite, we keep the guests in the living room area and have a great time.The hotel offers evening beers, drinks, and appetizers for guests (Mon-Thur) and they are great in quality and variety. A lot of business folks and family travelors all sit around enjoying the treats. Breakfast is okay but can be better.Two things that are inadequate for family travelors are (1) expensive parking charge if you drive $45 per night; and (2) there is no swimming pool with this hotel.Overall, very pleasant stay and we will go back if staying in Chicago downtown.	
Oct 27 2008 	Great Location Excellent Staff	Just got back from a quick trip to chicago to celebrate my sister's 40th birthday with friends. The Marriott Residence Inn was above our expectations. The room was appointed very nicely and extremely clean. The location of the hotel was perfect - would definitely recommend highly if you just want to walk to various trendy sections. Just a few blocks from Rush Street, walked back from Old town, Buck -- great great great location. The staff was very accomodating but I will mention that the girls who work breakfast really stood out -- they were so pleasant with a ready smile and always had nice thing to say to us. I wish I got names so management would know but I didn't. The one bedroom suite was very roomy, the efficiency kitchen appointed well - we thought we would us it but never had the chance. Definitely go the the Drake Hotel bar for a fun time, the bartenders at Knickerbockers next door were great, James Hotel fun, as well.	
Aug 12 2008 	Middle of the pack Residence Inn has a great Location	For Marriott, this Residence Inn is probably middle of the pack in the terms of quality. However, it is in Chicago's Magnificent Mile, so that makes it a great place to stay. The 18 story hotel is next to the Hancock Building, on Walton Place, two blocks from Lake Michigan. It is two blocks from the Museum for Contemporary Art (which on Tuesdays is free, and hosts a farmer’s marker on the front side on Tuesday AM, and a jazz show on the back side on Tuesday PM). Parking is $45 a day. No one should bring a car to Chicago. The CTA 66 bus is three blocks away and will take you to the Chicago El (Red Line - 9 blocks away). World class shopping surrounds you. The Oak Street Beach is three blocks away. Good dinning is, well, is everywhere in Chicago. Our hotel room (a one bedroom) was good size (about 1000 square feet) and in very nice condition. The kitchen was functional and new, with stove, full fridge, small dishwasher, microwave, and two person table. The living area is sizeable (about 400 square feet), sleeper sofa, recliner chair, table, and big screen TV. Bedroom was 400 square feet with great king size bed and wonderful pillows. Furniture is new. The views were nothing special. The drawbacks were the cooking/meal staff was undermanned. They cannot keep up with demand at breakfast or dinner. Food was OK, but they were always running out and the place was a mess. The weekly dinner was an unimpressive sausage and tatter tots; the most unappealing I've ever had at a Residence Inn. The Managers Special for drinks should be skipped. The lobby/dinning area was too small for the customer base. The patrons were swarming around waiting for people to leave their tables, or joining yours. The customers were mostly families, not business people, so there were lots of screaming youngsters. The porters/front door staff was also undermanned. However, the cleaning staff was good. Give the Marriott people credit, all the staff were nice, even the overworked and stressed people. It would be a much better hotel if they hired a few more people.	
Aug 12 2008	very nicely surprised!	I was not expecting much but what a nice surprise. The room was immaculate, like a small suite. Separate bedroom, an incredibly comfortable bed with very fresh linen. Lots of soft pillows, lots of towels.nicely stocked kitchen with a dishwasher. Two flat screen TVs. A lovely breakfast buffet that is included with quite a bit more than your average continental breakfast. Really nice especially when you want to get sightseeing and can grab breakfast quickly. There is also food in the evening four times a week, great for those with kids. 24/7 coffee and tea in the lobby. The only thing I didn't like was a very slow elevator and I wish that there would have been a mirror in the bedroom.	
Aug 9 2008	Highly recommend this hotel.	Great stay. Had a very spacious 2 bedroom suite with one king in one bedroom and one queen in a smaller 2nd bedroom. Very spacious although it would have made more sense to make the large living area smaller and the small bathroom (only one bath) a lot bigger. Very cramped bathroom. Very clean and comfortable with great beds, water pressure and a/c. Also, thick walls - couldn't hear anything down the hall. 3 tvs in the suite with about 35 channels. Great flat screen tvs.Location was great - 3 blocks to Oak St Beach, 2 block to Hancock Bldg, 3 blocks to Water Tower. Just couldn't beat the location. It is on a quiet street right off the mag. mile. 1 mile walk to Navy pier. About 6 blocks to red line train that takes you to wrigley.Had a very nice exercise room with 2 elipticals, 3 treadmills, 2 bikes and some weights. Very adequate.Front desk was quite helpful and well staffed - there was never any long wait at the desk.The only issue I had with hotel = the breakfast hours. They go from 6-9am which is fine most of the year. In the summer they need to go til 930 or 10am so people can stagger their times they go down there. Just isn't much room between 8-9am bc people know it is going to close at 9am. If they knew it was 10am they could come later thus reducing the congestion. That was an annoyance that could be avoided during summer tourist season. Breakfast itself was pretty good with some great steamed oatmeal. Just didn't like to stand while I ate bc of no tables.25 dollar cab fare from Midway to hotel. I loved this hotel and will definitely stay there again in the future.	
Jul 28 2008 	Spacious and clean - but a few problems	We love Chicago and wanted to spend a long weekend there with the kids (twin toddlers). We booked a 2 bedroom suite. The hotel room (corner suite, room 915) was nice, very spacious and very clean. Modern decor which was a plus. Kids enjoyed it very much. Beds were comfortable and having a real functional kitchen with the room was more than what we expected. The complimentary breakfast buffet was okay (not great , but pretty good for being free). It's very crowded after 9. You can easily walk to Water Tower, Bloomingdales, and Cheesecake Factory. Great location. Overall we really liked it and would have given it an excellent rating if it weren't for these 2 pitfalls:1) The toilet wobbled when sitting on it. And I'm not talking about just the seat. The WHOLE toilet moved a bit whenever you sat on it. Maybe the seal wasn't properly put it place or something??hmmm...not sure. Not a good feeling when sitting on it though. Not sure if all the rooms had this problem.2) We asked for extra blankets. It took a while for someone to bring some (maybe it was rush hour, who knows). And when they did bring the blankets, we were surprised to see that the spare blankets were so old and visibly worn out - that if you held them up you could see all the holes and frays. Those blankets were so old and worn that I would have given them away to a thrift store a long time ago. It was a little shocking because in stark contrast the linens that they DID use for the beds seemed new and fresh. Didn't make senseEverything else seemed good. Like I said if it weren't for those 2 points, I would have given a perfect score.	
Jul 8 2008 	Very nice! Close Quite Great staff	I booked straight through marriots 800 number and found that this place is new, fresh and awesome to stay.It is right down the street from The House of Blues and the rooms were quite, close to so much! We had a great time.The staff went above and beyond, just don't buy beer there (go to the 711 around the corner, it is much cheaper)The staff went out of their way to help you .Breakfast (which was included) was like a giant buffet with a different menu each day and it was fresh and tasty (I ate way too much)We even got an upgrade for free.	
Jun 18 2008 	Better than we expected!	We arrived late and left early so we didn't experience any part of the hotel other than the room. We were in Room 1711, which was large, well appointed, and had everything one would need when away from home.The internet was free and there was a complimentary breakfast, although we didn't have time to see what was served.The bedding is the newer, 'non-bedspread' style. The kitchen looked brand new and had hardwood flooring, laminate countertops, a fridge, stove top, dishwasher, microwave, coffee maker, dishes and pots and pans. The bed was comfortable and everything looked fresh and clean in the room.We got the room on Priceline for only $70, which is quite a deal for June!We give this hotel a solid 10!	
Jun 10 2008 	Good spot downtown	Pros- great location, couple of blocks from Hancock building- 2 bedroom suite was rather large and big enough for family of six-front desk staff was very helpful and courteousCons- housekeeping did not replenish supplies (shampoo, TP, kleenex, etc)- breakfast was set up in temporary location, while work being done.Would stay there again.	
Apr 27 2008 	Best Residence Inn I've ever stayed at	I was very impressed at first with the room: all the fixtures and furniture looked new and stylish, and the tv was one of those new flat screen LCD wide screen types. My only complaints would be that the fridge is pretty loud when you're trying to go to sleep at night and that the shower, although new, doesn't have a tub so you can't take any baths. The breakfast and hospitality hours are pretty typical for a Residence Inn, which is to say that it's pretty decent for being complimentary. The location is excellent for shopping on the the Magnificent Mile and Watertower Place, going to the top of the Hancock Tower, jogging along Lakeshore Drive, and the &quot;beach&quot;. All in all, the best Residence Inn I've ever stayed at, and I wouldn't mind staying here again if the Courtyard is too full or overpriced or if the James Hotel doesn't have one of its awesome Travelzoo deals.	
Apr 8 2008 	Enjoyed our repeat stay.	Very nice. Like staying in a one bedroom apt. Plenty of room. Only complaint was it's not WIFI you have to plug in. Location is great.	
Apr 1 2008 	Musical and Shopping	Booked on Priceline so wasn't sure what we were going to get. Hotel is 1.5 blocks off Michigan Ave right down from John Hancock building. GREAT LOCATION. Lobby was clean and room was large and clean. Elevator alittle scary but that is normal with older buildings. Parked alittle down the street for about 8 dollars cheaper than valet, not sure would do again. Recommend Hotel great value for Michigan Ave area. Not scary walking back to hotel at night from Cheesecake Factory.	
Mar 20 2008 	Could have stayed forever !	Stayed a few days here. Great hotel !!! Awesome location. Upgraded to newly remodled one bedroom suite on the 18th floor. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Can't wait to go back.	
Jan 12 2008 	great hotel - great location	Stayed at the hotel just after New Year's 2008. Stayed in a two-bedroom suite. Very roomy and clean. The beds were so comfortable. They had said that there was construction, as they are renovating, and we heard nothing at all. It was a Friday, therefore, the workers could have gone for the day. We had the breakfast in the morning and it was a delicious hot breakfast with eggs, biscuits and gravy, and an array of other breakfast items. Everyone I talked to at the front desk were very accommodating. We have stayed at this hotel for several years and still like this one. It is so convenient to the Magnificent Mile, Water Tower Place, and the John Hancock Center. It is a one to two minute to walk to all three. The Cheesecake Factory is located in the bottom of the John Hancock Center, so that is a great place to eat. I will continue to go back to this hotel when I stay in Chicago - it is great!!!! JEH from Oxford	
Jan 1 2008 	Very Nice Room in a Great Building	This hotel is a very nice place for a family visit to downtown Chicago. It's in a great location, on East Walton, just a block east of the Hancock Tower near the Miracle Mile. This hotel is undergoing renovations, but my room was completely unaffected by any construction noise and I didn't even see any work in progress. Work is expected to be complete by the end of April 2008. My room on the 11th floor appeared to already have been updated based on the very good overall condition and the appointments in the bathroom and kitchen.A hotel staff can make or break a hotel, and this hotel has a good staff--very courteous and helpful. Valet parking was very quick and painless. No need to call ahead. On checkout, my car was in front of the hotel in less than two minutes! The management was very receptive to feedback and it was obvious that from top to bottom, the staff wants its guests to enjoy their stay.This hotel had once long ago been apartments and was converted to a hotel. The suites are very well laid out with lots of room and closet space for hotel guests. We had a two bedroom suite, which had a queen bed in each of the bedrooms with phone and TV. The main bedroom was very large, and both bedrooms had large closets. The single bathroom was a little small, but a pedestal sink helped make good use of the space. The bathroom had very new white tile throughout. The full kitchen has new cabinets, new laminate counter tops, new appliances and a new small table set for four. The large living area had a TV (with internet TV), desk (with hi-speed internet connection and phone), a chair and couch. The chair and couch appeared to be left over from before the renovation, and since they were quite obviously the only things in the room that were not new.The breakfast in the morning was in the &quot;gatehouse,&quot; which for the rest of us means the lobby to the left of the entrance. There was a full breakfast with plenty of choices. Food was very fresh. Seating area was limited though. There were enough tables, but it seemed that they were short a few chairs. There was almost no food available after 8:30, though, so get there early enough. I'm sure that management will fix that problem after I brought it to their attention.Overall, a very nice stay in a good location. The staff made this a painless stay.Here's two tips: - Valet parking is $40+tax. I decided it was worth the convenience, but there are cheaper lots within a block or two for a 24-hr stay of $25-28. - Cab far to Navy Pier was just under $6 for four people.	
Dec 29 2007 	Old but nice	I just returned from Chicago where we stayed in the Chicago Residence Inn. It is currently undergoing a remodel which it definitely needs. However, the rooms where large and clean and the staff very accomodating. It is in a great location - between Mag Mile and lake.My only complaint would be that the elevators are too small for the number of people who stay there. I would recommend this motel.	
Dec 21 2007 	Great location	Stayed here for a quick shopping break at the beginning of December. Great location, very friendly staff. Hotel was clean and comfortable. Will definitely use again.	
Dec 2 2007	Nice place	We stayed at the Residence inn for nearly a full week in November '07 and had a nice stay. There were 5 of us, including a small baby, and at first we were put in a &quot;Queen studio&quot;, which seemed only slightly larger than a regular hotel room, and had a full kitchenette. (Fridge, small stove, dishwasher, sink) It was a bit snug for 5. So... I went down to the front desk and asked if we could get a bigger room. Couldn't have taken 5 minutes and we had keys to a new room. This one had a separate bedroom, nice living room, lots of closet space, and a slightly bigger kitchen. Was a bit more $$ but that's to be expected. Had a great stay. Staff was polite, courteous and very helpful. The only thing I can suggest to improve the place would be the addition of a pool.	
Oct 30 2007	Generous room but not really a suite	I was somewhat disappointed as the Inn is listed as a suite, but it is only one large room with a kitchenette, a small sofa bed &amp; a queen bed. My husband &amp; I sometimes get up in the night and it is nice to be able to read without bothering the other. When this came about, I had to sit in the bathroom because it was the only part that had a door that shut off the rest of the suite. Otherwise everthing else was quite up to snuff and it has lower prices right now because they are remodelling one floor at a time. We did hear anything. Breakfast buffet was extensive.	
Oct 10 2007 	In need of renovation	We regularly stay at Residence inns, so were a little suprised at howoutdated our hotel room was. They are clearly in a renovation programme - and it needs it. We had a 2 bedroom suite which was a good size for five people but with only one bathroom it was not ideal.Our suite had everything else we have come to expect of Residence Inn's - it was just old fashioned. It was clean, comfortable and quiet - which are always my most important factors when chosing a hotel. It is in a great location too.Given that the rooms are being updated - I would probably stay here again.	
Aug 29 2007 	Absolutely wonderful hotel!!	This hotel is located two blocks away from the Hancock Observatory and the Magnificent Mile. We (my husband and 15 year old son) stayed for three nights (8/20 - 8/23/07) in a one-bedroom suite. It was huge! -easily over 900 square feet (or at least felt like it). Staff friendly and very helpful. Each morning I'd ask the desk about the best bus route to the attraction we were visiting and they would give specific directions including exactly where the bus stop was. The breakfasts were excellent and filling. Very clean. We always stay at a Residence Inn when we travel and this one was one the nicest ones yet. You will not be disappointed.	
Jul 15 2007 	Great Location!!!	We enjoyed our stay at this hotel. The staff was very polite and courteous. The hot breakfast is an added plus. We had our bikes and they stored the bikes for us. We went on a bike ride on the lakefront which is located a couple blocks away. We would defintely stay at this hotel again.	
Jul 3 2007 	A real gem in Chicago for families	This place is an absolute GEM for families staying in downtown Chicago. The free breakfast and dinner every day (with free beer and wine at dinner!) is wonderful. We were serenaded by a staff member one morning during breakfast! The staff at the front desk is outstanding. It was pouring rain when we arrived, but we didn't have an umbrella. They lent us one to use during our stay! : ) The one bedroom room was so spacious, it felt like our own apartment. With three full closets, we didn't have to stare at or move around our bags. The kitchen set up was perfect. The room was quiet and even had a cool view. The bathroom was a little short on counter space, but it was cozy, like one you'd find in a home. Overall, this was one of the best hotel experiences our family has ever had. The location is unbeatable... just two blocks from Lake Michigan, the Hancock building, the Water Works Tower, and great shopping.	
Jun 20 2007 	Okay if You lIke Crowds	We have a big family so it's always a chore to find a two bedroom suite, even if price isn't an issue. Residence Inn offers plenty of room. We had a two bedroom suite but could have used another bathroom since we have two teenage girls. Hot water was also a problem. Our room was located at the end of the hall and it took no less that 5 minutes with every faucet running to get hot water. The room also smelled bad, like hobos had been camping in it for several days.The hotel itself was at full capacity since it was a holiday weekend and the elevators were very slow. The breakfast was a big plus except the guests would camp out at big tables and one morning some of us sat at a dirty table while the rest had to stand. It did save us a lot of time and you can't beat the price....free! It certainly wasn't a relaxing experience having to elbow your way in to get food and then to try and not trip over small children running amok.As far as the location, it's good if all you want to do is shop. I prefer a more central location near the river. I would recommend this hotel to people with small children but I won't be staying there again. It was far too chaotic.	
Jan 17 2007	Fun Times	Great Location, Nice Room, Helpful Staff, Good Breakfast. Had a 2 Room Suite - Lots of room. Alittle pricey, but I guess that's Chicago for ya! :)	
Dec 27 2006 	Like having your own apartment!	Found this hotel because a business associate was staying there. The rate was more than I wanted to spend, but another TripAdvisor person had posted a link to TravelZoo with a signifigant discount: $170 a night down to $100. (Thanks TripAdvisor!) Our room had a queen size bed, sofa sleeper and kitchenette with microwave, stove, fridge, dishwasher and dishes. Free hot breakfast and a light supper including free beer/wine was included. Was a great opportunity to meet others. Had I realized what a great place this is, I wouldn't have been so reluctant to spend the $170. We will return!	
Sep 19 2006	Kid-friendly	We just returned from a weekend in Chicago with our 3 children. We decided to stay at this hotel because it was close to the lake and shopping and offered a large room with separate bedrooms. The location is wonderful. The hotel is just over a block away from the John Hancock building, Water Tower shops, and many other shops and restaurants. The Lake is visible from the hotels front door. The room is large and has separate bedrooms. However, the bathroom is very small with a small, pedestal sink. The room looks tired, as does the elevator and hallways. The lobby is minimal. We stopped at the Drake next door one night for dinner and sitting in their beautiful lobby, we wanted to move rooms. We also ate lunch at the next door Hilton and thought their restaurant and lobby were very nice.If you are looking for a good location with room for small children, this may be your spot. We will try somewhere else next time.	
Jul 8 2006	Last minute savers	This review is to thank the Staff and Marriott for providing my family and I fantastic service and accommidations. We arrived to Chicago with reservations at another hotel and they dropped the ball. The Residence Inn Marriott was there to recover and saved the day. The rooms are enormous, comfortable and provide a sense of home with a great view of the lake. The service was polite, professional and humorous...thank you. For those of you looking for location, they are located 1/2 a block from the John Hancock and a block from State Street for shopping. There is a small grocery store around the block in case you want to dine in or select one of the many restaurants in the area. Highly recommended.	
May 16 2006	Great value and location!	I have stayed at the Omni, Marriott, Sheraton's and the Embassy Suites downtown but this much better!! Stayed for 5 nights in the two bedroom suite.Very clean, great staff and free breakfast too!!	
Mar 24 2006 	Enjoyed my stay	I stayed here for a business trip. My conference was held at the McCormick Place so I had a $15 cab ride each way, but this hotel made it worth the trouble. The staff is very pleasant and helpful with restaurant recommendations and directions. The rooms are so spacious and clean, and I had a view of the nearby condominiums/apartments. I didn't have to look directly into another building, which was nice. The hotel is in an excellent location. It is only a couple blocks from Michigan Avenue and very close to the lake. If you are a walker or runner, this is a great place to exercise! There are plenty of restaurants and a movie theater within walking distance. They serve free breakfast every morning(with eggs, toast, oatmeal, etc.) and free dinner (cold cuts, sloppy joes, etc.) Mon-Thurs. Seems like a great value for anyone with children! They take pets.I enjoyed my visit and would stay here again for business. The only drawback was the workout room. It is very small and offers minimal choices. They offer use of the full service Marriott gym and indoor pool, but that is 8 blocks away.	
Mar 7 2006 	Good Value	I recently stayed at this hotel for three nights and was surprised at the location and value. The location is perfect--it is central to many restaurants, shopping, and attractions. The hotel is not as upscale as the neighbouring Westin or Double Tree Hotel, but offers a decent buffet breakfast, and a minimal light snack Mon-Thursday. The front desk also doubles as a concierge, and they were quite helpful in orientating me to nearby attractions. This is a good place for children or people who will be staying a long time. They also allow pets for a fee. The studio room had a full kitchen, one queen bed, and a sofa bed. The customer service was very good. Unfortanetly, there is no gym/pool facilities, and you do have to go to another location for it and also pay a small fee (about $5-6). I would stay here again since the price was well worth it comparing it to the other locations nearby.	
Nov 30 2005	nice place good location	stayed overnight with my wife. One-bed room/suite looked pretty neat (kitchen comes in handy sometimes especially if you are staying longer). We only got queen sized bed (I did not bother to ask for king, not sure if that is a standard, or they actually have king sized rooms). Small reception desk was actually never crowded and they seemed to have had full capacity due to the radiology meeting. Parked one block away closer to the Drake, 21$ 24 hours. Valet is 36$/day. Breakfast had good selection of food. In-room high-speed internet is complementary. All in all, excellent place for the money paid (100$ on a long-weekend saturday- through priceline)	
Nov 4 2005	Has it's pluses	Stayed at the Residence Inn Downtown Chicago right before the World Series started this year (late October '05). The hotel is in a good location, especially for shopping! Not on an overly crowded street and just 1 1/2 blocks from Hanncock Building.Easy to get in and out of, but be familiar with surroundings if you have to take a cab. Two of our cab drivers didn't know where the hotel was located when we named it.The bell and valet staff were great! If you need any information about where things are in the city, ask them. I also ran into a woman that worked behind the scenes and she was extremely helpful with kid-friendly attractions, what-to-do and how to get to where we were going.The free breakfast was nice and had a wide variety of items to choice from, of course, crowded. Just don't plan to rush through the breakfast bar. The happy hour was really a waste, not much to it especially considering the hassle.The front-desk staff was generally unfriendly or unfamiliar with tourist information. We were traveling with our 2 1/2 year old and were put in a room right next to the elevator -- when we asked to be moved, we completely inconvienced the front-desk woman and she let us know it. When we asked where the Museum of Science and Industry (a great musuem), they didn't know directions.The rooms aren't overly huge, but nice especially considering you have a kitchen. The bathroom was really, really small but clean -- actually had to curl my hair in the kitchen infront of the microwave -- there was no where to put things in the bathroom other than one small foot long shelf (about five inches wide) above the sink or on top of the toilet seat. I'd run all the dishes through the dishwasher before you use them. Lots of our dishes weren't clean. The room was really HOT. You couldn't turn off the heat, the only alternative you had was to open up the windows -- no screens -- not safe with small children. (And, this is a family hotel.) The instructions on the heater actually stated to open windows.Two small elevators for the entire hotel -- don't plan to go anywhere fast during peak periods -- during breakfast, check-in, check-out and happy hour. There's no pool at the hotel, you have to go to the Marriott to swim or exercise and then you have to pay a fee for it. We'll try another hotel next time, but won't rule this one out.	
Oct 30 2005	Fabulous- Residence Inn Downtown	Just returned from 3 nights at the Residence Inn Downtown on E. Walton. We were very impressed as we were expecting an 'ok' only spot with a great location. We were pleasantly surprised. It was spotless and very roomy. 750 square feet for the 1 bedroom suite with living room and full kitchen and a great breakfast buffet included. All staff seemed courteous and extremely helpful. Everything appeared to be new and well maintained. I'm really picky and couldn&quot;t find anything to complain about! We didn't take advantage of their free dinner and beer and wine that is available 4 nights of the week, but lots of guests seemed to be enjoying it.I would definitely stay there again as it is a block to Michigan Ave. and a 5-10 minute safe walk to Rush Street.	
Apr 18 2005	The comforts of home		
Nov 6 2004	Great hotel		
Sep 20 2004	Location Is Great!		
Sep 17 2004	Like having your own little apartment in Chicago.		
Aug 11 2004	Great Location Great Staff!		
Jul 17 2004	Great location!		
Jul 6 2004	Great Service and Location		
Feb 29 2004	Great for families		
Jul 22 2003	Nice enough with great extras		
Jun 14 2009 	Good location and reasonable price		
