Nov 9 2009 	Don't Stay Here	I live across the street from Hotel Chateau and wanted to put out a warning to travelers not to stay here. This is an actual halfway house, bum hotel. People literally stay here and pay by the hour. It's rampant for drugs, prostition, and violence. This is not the type of hotel you'd want to stay at. I've never stayed there and I never will, I'm just trying to help incoming travelers understand what this place is.	
Dec 29 2007	Chateau is really homeless hotel	A friend and I decided that we didn't care for a luxury stay but watned to save money and just find a place to sleep after a night of going out. In all seriousness, sleeping in your car would be more comfortable and safer and cleaner.We ended up sleeping on top of the covers fully clothed as there were signs of bugs and cockroaches around the room. The shower was so disgusting we didn't use it and only used the faucet to wash our hands. Homeless type people and what appeared to be people either on drugs or severally mentally challenged roamed the halls. After a few hours of not being able to sleep since we were so creeped out we left and drove several hours home instead of staying in this hell hole.I do not know why the city of chicago would allow this place to be open. I would expect to find a place like this in a run-down third world country not anyplace in the US.	
Sep 5 2007 	Don't Even Consider It.	This is literally a flop house. If this location is rated over 1 star there must be fake positive reviews.	
Aug 6 2005	Stay Away from the Chateau Hotel!	Since being displaced, I've lived at the hotel for a few months. Every since I got here there has been nothing but problems. This place is bed bug central, with bites all over you. There are many prosititutes in and out of the building. Most of the people who stay here are either stone cold alcoholics or dope users. This Hotel is also unsitely because they have the aforementioned people loitering in front of the hotel. Management is either trying to pick up any woman who walks in the door or out for a quick payoff. I know the residents in this Lakeview neighborhood want this place shut down and they're absolutely right. This place is highly unsanitary and unsafe for long periods of occpancy. Since staying at this hotel I've witnessed:1. Prostitution, any time of the day or night (on the second/third floors).2. Power outtages for hours on end.3. Wires in the circuit breakers popping and sizzling.4. Mass Roaches and Bed Bugs (which are widespread throughout the bldg.)5. Mucus all over the elevator doors, walls, and floor.6. Hearing and seeing Domestic Violence.7. People smoking crack in the back of the building.8. Drunks threatening to slice one another's throat, etc..9. Plugged up sinks for weeks.10. One mattress after another with various stains: blood, hair, etc.11. Out of order washing machines.12. Seeing people with large sores from bed bugs all over their bodies.13. Watching tenants hang out and drug deal within the building and also between the Carlos Hotel and Chateau.14. Seeing tenants beg for change in front of starbucks, either because they're greedy or want someone to pay for their drug habit.and the list goes on..........	
Aug 8 2002	Chateau Oh No!	The Chateau Hotel? Omigod! We were asked if we wanted the room by the HOUR or were we staying all night? The sheets had different names stamped on them from the pillow cases, from the towels, from the soap and NONE of them said Chateau. I think the bathroom was a mold farm. The first thing I did when we got to the room was kill a spider the size of a hubcap with my hairspray. We were only there for an overnight adventure so we thought it would be good enough to crash in after partying all night. Wrong! There were noises coming from the room next door that appeared to be a wounded chimpanzee. That went on for hours and the desk (The dirty man in a t-shirt behind bulletproof glass) never answered his phone. And the bars on thewindows were rusty so that our &quot;view&quot; of the vacant lot next door were obstructed. On second thought, this was a good thing. This is what happens to those who do not book rooms in advance when there's a Cub's game along with a national convention in Chicago. I would sleep on the El before I stayed in that hole again.	
