	Off-site Parking At Your Own Risk"	The Willows website boasts about having parking with &quot;unlimited in and out privileges.&quot; Well, you should know that the Willows Hotel has &quot;No Parking&quot; on-site. The so-called hotel parking is actually an unmanned public parking garage down the ALLEY from the hotel. When I complained that the website was misleading the clerk said, &quot;None of the hotels in Lincoln Park here have their own parking.&quot; If you think it's risky walking from the parking garage to the hotel at night, just wait until you get your credit card bill. Immediately after we used a credit card at the garage's unmanned kiosk, some enterprising credit card thieves (in the NY area) began a frenzied &amp; fraudulent spending spree. Within four days of our stay at the Willows -- and it's off-site public parking garage -- over $10K in fraudulent charges were posted to the credit card used to pay for the parking. I never would have stayed at the Willows if had I known about the lousy parking situation. But, I had no idea that staying at the Willows with its off-site parking would be such a costly mistake.	
Oct 22 2009 	Nice comfortable hotel in a good area	Rooms were large and the beds were very comfortable with soft duvets and plenty of pillows. We slept very well! Flat-screen TV mounted on the wall. Old-fashioned decor, very classy and everything in working order. We were on the third floor and had no problems at all with the elevator. The neighborhood is absolutely lovely and residential and made me want to live there! However, you should be aware that downtown Chicago is a bit of a distance. Four minor complaints: 1- as other reviewers have noted, the front desk staff leaves somthing to be desired. They're not outright nasty or anything, just indifferent and not up to the niceness of the hotel itself. 2- It's far from the &quot;L,&quot; about a half-mile walk. Not a big deal in nice weather, but if you're coming home late and you're tired, the last thing you need is a long walk. Bus is closer. 3- Not nearly enough seating at breakfast. There are no tables to eat at; you just kind of grab your stuff and balance it on your lap or on cocktail tables and there is just never enough space. 4-While the bedroom was quiet, when I was in the bathroom I could hear the entire conversation of my neighbors, and I don't think they were yelling, either.Personally, I found the price to be high, but maybe that's just Chicago.	
Oct 3 2009 	Wonderful place to stay	Our family has been to The Willows Hotel on 3 separate occasions and we will return in 2 weeks to stay there again. It is located less than one block from our daughter's apt. and within walking distance of great restaurants and shops. It is easily accessible from the train and buses. One stay was by myself in Winter and I had a great room that overlooked the street. The beds are wonderful. And even though it is an older hotel, we have never heard people coming or going. The rooms we've had with 2 beds faced the alley, but were spacious. The bathrooms are on the small side, but everything is sparkling clean and the front desk people are great. I am so glad we found this place since our daughter has 4 years to go.Note: I marked that they do not have a swimming pool, but on our last visit, they had passes to the large Bally gym nearby, don't know if that's still going on.	
Oct 3 2009 	Noisy. Poorly Staffed	I stayed at the Willows on a recent trip to Chicago and was slightly underwhelmed in comparison to other travelers who have reviewed it here.My room, a first floor &quot;suite&quot;, was apparently located under the stairwell that leads from the lobby to the second floor. This was not a problem during the day. But, was quite noisy at 3 am on Friday and Saturday night when drunken revelers came stomping home from the local bars. More so when the staff began digging ice from the ice machine next to my room at 6 am for the continental breakfast that the hotel serves in its lobby.In the case of the Willows, the excessive noise could be contained by the simple installation of some acoustic tiles and/or insulation under the offending staircase and more considerate behavior by the staff.The suite consisted of one large room with a wall installed in the middle of it and a couple of chairs, a tv and wet bar in the sitting area. It certainly was not worth the extra expense. The bedroom had a rather old window unit air conditioner which was unnecessary the night I was there. Heat, which would have been welcome the night of my visit, appears to be radiated steam heat as one might find in many older Chicago buildings. The bathroom was tiny and one could nat maneuver around its door without having to close it.The bedding was quite comfortble. However, the room fixtures including carpet were old, worn and appeared to be in need of replacementThe neighborhood is quite nice. Many dining and drinking options are available within blocks of the hotel. It is quite close to the Lake Michigan beaches if one is traveling in summer. The hotel does offer a gym membership at a local Bally's.The staff seems a bit inept. Not capable of dealing with difficulties encountered by other guests checking in at the same time I was.There are only a scant few hotels in this neighborhood which is surprising given its proximity to Wrigley Field. My experience at all has been quite underwhelming (including at the Willow's sister hotel, the City Suites on Belmont, which backs up to an active El track). I suspect that the demand caused by the lack of competition in the neighborhood creates an environment where the hotel operators don't have to excel to keep guests coming back.	
Jul 12 2009 	All around great hotel	I just got home from my one night stay at The Willows hotel. I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the hotel was for how low the price. The hotel has a very nice atmosphere. The front desk can be a bit slow at times, but that is my only complaint. The room was very nice and clean. Located in a very nice neighborhood. About a 20 minute walk from Wrigley Field. The hotel is right by restaurants, shops, bars, etc... I will definitely consider staying here again for my next visit to chicago!	
Jun 20 2009 	Due to overbooking at another Hotel we were stranded until the staff of the Willow (especially Bill) came to our rescue.	Great staff that were there when you needed them. What a GREAT experience it was staying near the heart of Boystown. The food, the people and the atmosphere near Halstead was wonderful.	
Feb 26 2009 	website slightly misleading	I went to Chicago for my friend's wedding and booked this hotel because it was near his apartment. The price and website led me to believe this was going to be a step above what I'm used to. Upon arrival the guy at the front desk couldn't find my reservation but after a few minutes finally found it. A bellman took my suitcase up to my room before I even finished checking in. The lobby was nice and the staff was friendly. The elevator was kind of slow and I ended up taking the stairs for the remainder of my stay (two nights) because it was faster. Room was clean, perfect for just me. I had a lovely view of a brick wall and someone's kitchen. The bathroom floor was a little uneven. I thought wifi was free but I ended up having to pay for it.The breakfast wasn't that spectacular, mostly unhealthy items like doughnuts and breakfast sandwiches. On Sunday though they had a stack of free Tribunes which was nice. I wouldn't stay there again just because of the price.	
Feb 24 2009 	A lovely spot in Lincoln Park	I am a Days Inn patron, but the DI was down with an electrical virus and the lovely reservations manager there suggested the Willows for my stay. I had a lovely room with the back view, but it was quiet, neat, and perfectly suited to my tastes - operable windows, best neighborhood in Chicago, easy access to all of my usual haunts. The free breakfast was a great perk, and I had a small fridge, another necessity. Lack of a safe was my only quibble. If you are looking for a truly calm experience in a real neighborhood with a boutique, not over-the-top atmosphere, the Willows is a great choice. The access to Bally Fitness, also offered by Days Inn, is a wonderful added attraction.	
Jan 27 2009 	Lovely little hotel in great location.	I visited Chicago to hang out with friends and I selected The Willows because: 1) It is in my old neighbourhood (Lakeview), which I love and 2) it is convenient to get to Boystown, Wrigleyville, the Near North, The Loop, and Evanston: all locations I wanted to visit on this trip. I loved the architecture of the hotel and my room was quite large. The free breakfast is continental, but it is ample. The service was efficient, but not overly warm. I have stayed here once before and will definitely stay again.Some general recommendations:1) Book on Expedia or another travel website. This is my second time at The Willows and both times the rates on their website were more expensive than on Expedia.2) From O'Hare, take the Blue Line to Logan Square and then bus #76 to Sheridan. Get off at Diversey and Clark. It is only one block away from the hotel.3) Explore the local neighbourhood on foot. There are wonderful shops, especially walking north on Broadway. Be sure to try Intelligentsia Coffee on Broadway.4) If you are going to the Magnificent Mile, walk to Diversey and Sheridan (only a couple of blocks from the hotel), and take the 151 Sheridan bus south. It will drop you off right on Michigan Ave.	
Dec 14 2008 	Totally fine	I recently was in Chicago for a weekend stay on my way to another city, and I booked the Willows for a 30% off rate of around $100 per night. I had read all the reviews, so I had reasonable expectations of what I would be getting. The hotel is very well located, near shops and restaurants, Halsted Street, and the metro. The staff were all very courteous and helpful, and the availablility of hot coffee and tea in the cozy lobby area 24/7 was a nice touch, as the high on a couple of days that I was there was around 15. My room was number 200. The advantage was that it was one of the few front facing King rooms... probably the one in the photo in their website, but was much smaller than you would have guessed from looking at the photo. Still, it was clean and efficient. The only complaint was that it was adjacent to the stairwell, and I was awakened a couple of times by footsteps I did see the suite, which was much bigger, but did not have the view of room 200, so if traveling alone I would stay with the King room. I honestly have nothing negative to say about this hotel.... If you want a more neighborhood feel in a small hotel, then this is a great place to stay. One other note for travelers - the traffic from the airport is terrible on Diversy, the road towards this area. I would definitely consider taking the train in... take the Blue Line to the Logan Square Station and cab in around 3 miles to the hotel, or if the weather is ok take the Blue line all the way downtown, connect with the Brown line to Diversy, and walk about 6 blocks to the hotel.	
Nov 18 2008	A Chicago favorite suffering a bit from poor staffing	This is one of the hidden gems of Chicago, especially if you want to feel like you're living in a Chicago neighborhood. Boutique by nature, with rooms that are nicely kept, large and comfortable (albeit somewhat aged) and easy access to restaurants and shopping. Here's the problem, though: the staff is ambivalent and, sometimes, outright rude. This is really disturbing to me, as I love the hotel itself. I stayed for several days on the most recent visit, and nearly every staff member was outright dismissive. Frequently, there's no one at the desk (which made me wonder if this is really something the management should know about), and when there is someone, it's a guarantee that he won't greet you and won't ever smile. Bottom line is that this is an above average property downgraded by a personnel problem.	
Oct 3 2008 	Convenient hotel	I was having a difficult time with my 4 star bidding (my bids were getting too too high in the Loop and River North) on Priceline because I would be staying midweek rather than the weekend but..it all turned out just fine when I got a Wednesday and Thursday night on the 3 star Willows at a good price. No compaints. The Willows is an older, refurbished hotel nestled in the safe Lakeview East neighborhood and it served me well.Reminded me of a small european hotel. I had a first floor room so I didn't get in on the elevator adventures I had read about in other reviews. The room and bath were clean. Comfortable bed.The staff was friendly and attentive.Nice breakfast.What I liked most about The Willows was its great location.Close to good restaurants and shopping. A mall with a Borders is a block away and a 5 minute walk takes you to the 151 bus that'll get you downtown.I also liked the convenience of taking the blue line from O'Hare transfering to the 76 bus at Logan Square and arriving within a block of The Willows. This public transportation airport to hotel jaunt took a little over an hour. No need for a car. Chicago has excellent public transportation. I got a visitors pass. Highly recommended. If you like to walk or jog you are very close to the Lake Michigan waterfront trails and the north end of Lincoln Park. While not the fanciest of places to stay The Willows still has plenty of charm that would be lacking if you stayed at chain hotels in the vicinity. I couldn't say adios to the place without having my picture taken by the nice desk clerk with me standing in front of that neat french fireplace in thelobby. Only regret would be not getting a ride on the legendary Rube Goldberg lift. .	
Sep 28 2008	Nice little place very convenient	I stayed here for two night son busines inChicago. While my meetings were downtown, and the Willows is in Lincoln Park area, I stayed because theprice was about $200 less per night.The Hotel is on Surf Street in a quiet residential neighborhood, but is very close to shops and restaurants. Also, it is very easy to take the bus downtown and bck uptown at days end. A two dollar bus ride is far better than a twenty dollar cab ride.Over all the hotel is neat and clean and staff very friendly. Would stay here again	
Sep 17 2008 	Oasis in the City	My wife and I stayed at the Willows for 2 nights based on the preponderance of good reviews on TripAdvisor. We were not disappointed in any way. We had a small room with one queen size bed. It was clean and quiet. We felt that the value was very good for a large city such as Chicago. The free breakfast was perfectly adequate, another bonus for a hotel in a large city. The personal service and intimate atmosphere were also a welcome change from large chain hotels. But the best part may have been the neighborhood. It was just fabulous. Everything one could possibly want was within easy walking distance. And I do mean everything. There is every nationality of cuisine, including places open late and even 24 hours. There is even everything from Barnes &amp; Noble to Borders, Bed Bath &amp; Beyond to Best Buy, small used book stores to pizza places to Asian, Persian and Turkish restaurants, coffee shops- on and on. It is a great walking neighborhood. And despite all that is there, it seemed quiet. Close proximity to excellent public transportation was another plus. We never had to use our car or a cab while there. Parking garage was convenient. The Willows even had the city's $5.00 bus/train daily passes at the front desk. This turned out to be a convenience and money-saver. Our 2 nights were part of a 28-day cross-country driving trip. The Willows was one of the best places we stayed.	
Aug 27 2008	The Willows saved my trip to Chicago	I flew to Chicago for a Cubs game on August 18 and experienced a horrible flight- three hour delay, a missed connection, almost missed my rescheduled connection, and lost luggage. By the time we arrived at The Willows I was absolutely frustrated. The front desk changed all that. He was friendly, got us checked in quickly, gave us a demonstation of the old-fashioned elevator, and wrote down our luggage information for when it arrived. After freshening up (with the care package that the airline gave us) he gave us competent directions to the train and gave us all the information we needed as to which stops to get off (Sears Tower, Billy Goat Tavern ect.). The decor of this hotel is nice. It is old-fashioned (I'm not positive what decade it is, I think the 20's) and they have swing/ jazz music playing in the lobby.The location is on a quiet little side street in a nice neighborhood. Wrigley Field is about a 20 minute walk and there are plenty of restauraunts and bars/pubs in the area. You can get everything you need within walking distance (groceries, drug stores, ect.).Everyone at the front desk that I encountered at The Willows seemed to go out of his way to accomadate us. Highly recommended.	
Aug 21 2008	Average hotel but expensive	This hotel has several good points and a few not so great. On the good side, the staff is friendly and very willing to help out. When I first arrived I was given a room that had a window facing the main street. The next day I asked if I could be moved to a different room so that I could sleep better without traffic noise and they granted my request without a problem. The room furniture is generally in good shape and the bathrooms are clean. A continental breakfast is included. There's free wireless internet all over the hotel. My room had air conditioning but not all rooms do. The hotel is close to numerous restaurants and pubs in a good area of Chicago. The one criticism I have is that hotel is showing its wear and tear. For example, the carpets in the entire premises need replacement. Perhaps this is not a big deal for some people, but given that I paid $150 per night (incl. tax), I would have expected a better upkeep of the hotel or else a lower nightly rate.	
Jul 10 2008 	quaint small overpriced but great neighborhood	This hotel is in a great neighborhood, near the lake and many great restaurants. My husband and I have stayed in some laughably small rooms here, when nothing else was available (but the price was smaller too). The staff have always been very friendly and helpful. There is an expanded contintental breakfast, which is adequate. And tea and fresh-baked cookies everyday at 4pm. I love walking out the front door of the hotel right into a lovely Chicago neighborhood. And there are so many restaurants and stores on Clark and Broadway. It is a lovely walk to the lakefront. The rooms really are small, and the place is overpriced, but I always enjoy staying here.	
Jun 24 2008 	Great Room 	Spent one night at the Willows. The staff was very helpful. Needed to stay past regular checkout time and the staff was very accommodating They even let us stay in the parking garage at no extra cost.The continental breakfast has a nice variety of cereals, bagels, breakfast sandwichs and juice. The location is in a nice residential area and very quiet.	
Apr 7 2008 	Perfect Hotel	We just returned from 5 nights at The Willows. The hotel is wonderful and the staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. This was our first trip to Chicago and after reading several reviews online, decided we didn't need to pay the high prices of hotels downtown, and booked this hotel directly from the property.We stayed in a king room on the 2nd floor. The hotel has only 4 floors for easy access to the lobby. The continental breakfast was perfect. There's nothing fancy about it, just your typical bagels, muffins, danishes, cereal, yogurt, fruit, etc. There's also hot coffee and water for tea available all day as well as lemonade and cookies and fruit at 4pm. The snacks and drinks available throughout the day was a life-saver as my husband and I both came down with bronchitis and spent more of our vacation inside the hotel than we had planned! Needless to say, the beds are comfortable and splurging for the king size room is great, especially if you plan to spend any time in your room. The king rooms come with two comfy chairs for reading or TV watching.I can't say enough about the neighborhood. We took plenty of cash with us thinking that meals out would be expensive in the big city, but came home with over half our cash supply. The neighborhood seems to cater to young professionals and has lots of great food options for fairly cheap! The best find was Molly's Cupcakes on N. Clark...the service was impeccable and you've never tasted cupcakes so good or so creative! Of course we also tried the popcorn, hotdogs, and pizza. Stay away from Geno's East. I heard they've changed the recipe and it's not the same as what some might remember. We loved Chicago's pizza on N. Sheffield (they have other locations too). That's the pizza you should go for. I wouldn't say this is the best hotel we've ever stayed in, but for a city hotel that is tourist and local friendly, you can't beat the deal. It is close to the &quot;El&quot; and runs along a VERY safe Brown/Purple line. We're already planning our return trip when the weather gets warmer!	
Mar 21 2008 	Willows is the best!	The Willows hotel is my favorite place to stay when visiting Chicago. It is located in a great neighborhood near the lakefront with a huge selection of Restaurants and shops in walking distance. The hotel is quiet and the rooms are very clean. I find the staff to always be exceptionally kind and helpful which really makes this hotel feel like a home away from home.	
Dec 17 2007 	A Hidden GEM	I have been to Chicago many times for business and usually stay with Hilton or Marriot, but one trip they were sold out and came along the Willows and had a fantastic stay. The Hotel was just renovated from top to bottom and the staff is always great. Great restaurants within walking distance and bars. They also have two other properties Majestic and City Suites which look just as great. Take my word on this hotel you will not be disappointed.	
Nov 20 2007 	A perfect location	We have stayed at the The Willows three times this year, and each time has been a positive experience. And, we were there in three seasons (Feb. the weekend of the big snowstorm that closed the airports, Labor Day weekend, and end of October), so we can vouch for the excellent heat, air conditioning, and good 'ol fresh air from an opened window. The hotel is old, but who cares. My criteria is clean, safe, a comfortable bed, decent bathroom (which includes hot water for showering), and air conditioning in the summer. When the room description says small, they are being honest. We joke that we have to go outside to change our minds, but we are traveling for reasons other than sitting in a hotel room, so the Willows accommodates our needs perfectly. I love sitting in the lobby with a cup of tea in the mornings, reading the paper and watching the guests that are in and out. A very interesting cross-section of the world come through their doors; and everyone including guests smile and speak to you. We've walked throughout the neighborhood, including Wrigley Field (and yes, the Cubs won), to Filipo's (a great Italian restaurant) which is at the other end of Lincoln Park, and felt perfectly safe. We also were dealing with a car. Fortunately, for an extra $20 a day, the hotel provides a parking pass to a garage located right behind the hotel. Well-worth it, since parking space is soooo limited in Lincoln Park.The only downside is the elevator - it's quaint, however, when you are using the elevator with luggage, it is VERY difficult to hold two doors open, load your luggage, then yourself. We use the stairs except upon arrival and departure with luggage. I would also recommend calling the hotel directly when making reservations. Each time I made reservations, I started with the online website (Hotels.com), and there was no room availabilitly for the dates I was going to be there, and the quoted rate was about $50.00 higher. I then called the hotel directly, and they did have rooms available and discounted the rooms each time. This is not the only hotel I have encountered the issue of room availability when using online services; I may be old fashioned, but I prefer the direct contact.	
Nov 11 2007 	Not my first choice for lodging but a nice hotel	I was in the Chicago area for a convention and wanted to stay downtown to be near McCormick Place. However, the only available room I could find was at the Willows in Lakeview. I really enjoyed the neighborhood! I love walking to the small shops, it was nice after a hectic day downtown. I rode the CTA to save on transportation and it was easy to do. The hotel room was very small but the bed was comfortable. I would stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 27 2007 	Wonderful at the Willows	After reading several positive reviews about the Willows (convenient location near public transportation, clean rooms and safe) I didn't hesitate to book a reservation for myself and a colleague attending trade shows for a business trip. My late night flight was delayed, and by the time I got through the unusually long taxi lines, I was pretty worn out (I'd spent the better part of the day prior on an international flight).Hotel impressions can make or break a stay, and the welcome from the staff made me want to weep. Check in was quick and effortless and the two gentlemen on the graveyard shift were lighthearted, funny and accommodating - providing directions and recommendations to late night eateries.The hotel itself is quaint, with an &quot;old world&quot; feel. Given the decorative lobby (plush carpeting, columns, ornate sofas), it felt as though I'd stepped into a timepiece movie. I was particularly amused by the old style elevator, complete with swinging metal grate, latch and door. The downside: it was a bit difficult to maneuver with luggage, reduced elevator room capacity (more wait time down in the lobby/at your floor), and if you got a room within proximity to the elevator, you'd hear the loud &quot;bang!&quot; as patrons exited.The room was pretty much standard, with nothing for me to complain about. Wi-fi worked without interruptions (ask staff for access), as did the iron and complimentary cable. I did particularly like the additional layer of a velour blanket, as well as the Pascal Morabito toiletries (although I didn't understand providing bath salts to a room without a bath). My room came with two AC/heating units at each side of the bed, which allowed for individual climate control.There was a variety for the complimentary breakfast in the morning that included cereal, pastries, breakfast sandwiches, juice, coffee and tea. The morning staff was just as friendly--if not more!---and told me of the afternoon social (helpful for extended stays).All in all, the Willows made for my stop in Chicago--the last on a multi leg business trip--very relaxing that I was sorry to leave. I've already recommended this place as one to stay to other colleagues and won't hesitate to do so again.	
Oct 9 2007 	Awesome Hotel!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Willows for our honeymoon. We loved the property and the neighborhood. It was within walking distance to Wrigley and downtown was short taxi ride away. We are planning an anual trip to Chicago and will stay at the Willows again.The breakfast was good and the afternoon cookies and lemonade added the extra touch to the stay. Staff was awesome and very friendly.Rooms were spacious and very clean. Bathroom floors were heated.	
Jun 20 2007 	great neighborhood	We have stayed at the Willows several times due to our daughter seeing a specialist at Children's hospital. Sure the hotel is old, but it is very clean and comfortable. The staff was excellent every time we have stayed there, very helpful and friendly.The coffee and tea available 24 hours is nice as are the bathrobes in the rooms.The best pizza my family has ever eaten was in a small pizza parlor around the corner.On the down side, the sink in the bathroom is too small to lay things for getting ready.The parking garage is a bit of walk, but is secure and private. We love the Willows and stay there every time we're in Chicago!	
Feb 13 2007 	Nice neighborhood hotel	We needed a hotel when visiting our son who recently moved to the Lincoln Park area. The Willows was perfect for us, as there are few hotels close to his apartment. The Willows reminds one of hotels in the UK and was a break from the run of the mill chain hotel. Warm, comfortable lobby with fireplace and coffee. Continental breakfast in the morning and great cookies at 4 pm. Excellent value for a Chicago hotel. We will definitely stay here again when we visit our son.	
Nov 20 2006 	Lovely stay at the Willows	My husband and I stayed at the Willows a couple nights after our wedding in Chicago. After being at the Palmer House Hilton (which is lovely) we were looking forward to getting out of downtown. The Willows is in a great neighborhood and so peaceful and quiet. The hotel is charming and we loved the lemonade and cookies. Everything was clean and the room very comfortable. If it's a nice day and you're up for a walk, Wrigley is (a bit of a hike) but definitely doable. We would stay there again. It's location is great - not downtown, but close enough to be accessible.	
Oct 8 2006 	be careful!	I'll start out with the positives. The staff was amazing and the room was ok (large, clean, tastefully decorated). The location was great - close to restaruants, Starbucks and, lucky for us, the hospital. The bathtub was INCREDIBLY slippery. I showered first, slipped in the tub and warned my travel buddy to be very careful. Well, he ended up slipping and landing with his lower back over the side of the tub. We spent the rest of the day in the ER and the rest of our trip was pretty much ruined. I will say this - the staff was as nice and accommodating as possible after the incident. We were due to check out that morning, but my friend was unable to travel, so the staff did everything they could to accommodate us for two more nights (not an easy task as all of Chicago was booked). They're just lucky that it wasn't an elderly person who slipped, etc. The situation could have been a lot worse.All in all, I liked the hotel and the price/location was right. Believe it or not, I would stay there again. I just hope they fix the tubs!	
Aug 9 2006 	Great Location	We've stayed at the Willows Hotel several times because of it's great location. It's located in a lovely neighbourhood in the Lakeview area of Chicago and is in walking distance of Wrigley Field and lots of interesting restaurants on Clark Street. Our experience there has been hit and miss. Front desk staff can be friendly and knowledgeble, or clueless. I love the small elevator with the brass folding gate. It makes me feel like I'm in Europe. Rooms are generally small, but comfortable. The lobby has classical music playing and excellent coffee, and average breakfast snacks. On this stay our room had NO temperature controls, and we were dying in the heat. The front desk did offer to change our room, but this was after we were in bed and moved in, and we didn't take them up on it. But beware of the rooms in the front of the building: rooms 200, 201, 300, 301, etc. None of them have temperature control. Will we stay there again? Probably. We're CUBS fans. Location, location, location...	
May 1 2006	Victorian Stay	We stayed 3 nights at the Willows for the first time in April 2006. This hotel is very clean and comfortable, but keep in mid it is not a new hotel. It is Victorian, quaint and quiet. Our room was one queen/king bed - non smoking room. One side of the bed was against the wall, which made it difficult for two to sleep in, if you have to get up during the night to use the bath room. If you are cuddlers in bed - then this bed will work for you. We thought the mattress needed to be replaced as it sunk slightly in the middle. The size of the room was rather small to medium - we had adequate storage space for clothes, a desk with lamp and a chair, a luggage rack, a tv, adequate drawers, a bedside table with lamp and a ceiling fan with a light. The room also had a new air conditioner in the window. The bathroom was very victorian &amp; clean, newly decorated and a nice size - it even had a vented window by the tub to open while you showered, which I considered a plus since there were no fans or other vents in the bathroom. Music is played in the lobby during their extended complimentary breakfast hours, which we found to be a plus. The location of this hotel is wonderful. It is one block from everything you want from restaurants to book stores and other shopping. The area is a hub of hussle bussel, but the hotel is quiet and restful. The staff is very nice and helpful too. Parking was a short distance away, about a half block - you park the car yourself.	
Dec 12 2005	home away from home	I stayed here for the Chicago Marathon and found this great little hotel on the internet.I'm from a small town and not use to a big city but found the Willows to be charming and very safe. The staff was so friendly and the room very clean. I saw someone who wrote the there floor was dirty but mine looked like new carpet.	
Nov 29 2005	Hated It	Stayed here for my wedding night. Although the room was clean and nicely laid out, I would never stay there again and regret staying there. There's a metal cage (radiator?) on the wall right over the toilet, which was a pleasure ramming my shoulder into in the middle of the night by accident. The doors in the hallway slam so you will not get a good night's rest. The check-out staff apparantly couldn't be bothered to ask how our stay was. I recall a mumbled goodbye. The Pits.	
Nov 19 2005	Filthy carpet. This place is a rat hole. The staff was great.	I think all the good reviews written about this was put in by the staff or people taking happy pills. This is a bare bones hotel with old worn out carpet in the bedrooms. Sure, the lobby is nice, but you don't sleep in the lobby. The carpet in the room was filthy and I was scared to step on it with my socks on! There was no hot water in the shower, weird since the faucet had plenty. The room was dark and stuffy and looked out to a brick wall. The shower didn't work well and the tub was missing it's drain stop. My cell phone didn't work inside the hotel. The elevator is ancient. People were running up and down the hallways till 2.30 am! The card to get in the door failed many times. The staff was friendly and helpful and the breakfast was OK. The staff was the only good thing about this place. Please stay here only if you want to save money. Otherwise, this place sucks.	
Oct 1 2005 	Fantastic!!	Just got back from Chicago had to go there for a medical appt for my daughter. The staff at this hotel were so helpful. Even printed out directions for getting around town. Very comfy rooms, suprisingly very quiet also. The hotel was almost like an oasis from the hustle and bustle of the city. The tree lined street the hotel is located on was lovely! Very conveniently located. If I ever return to Chicago no matter what my budget is for the trip this hotel will have my business. They were great. Coffee and tea vailable 24/7 in the lobby. And the coffee was great. Cant say enough how much we enjoyed our stay here. Would recommend to anyone.	
Sep 12 2005	Nice enough hotel	Stayed here for two nights - very friendly staff, nice location, presentable accommodation. Would stay here again if looking to be in the Lincoln Park area although would probably stay downtown next time.	
May 10 2005	Great Locale very accomodating a nice stay indeed	This is a fantastic little hotel if you want to be in the Lincoln Pk area - nothing too fancy, but just fine - clean &amp; quaint. The staff is very helpful - on a nice residential street - the charm of a European inn.	
May 8 2005	A great place to stay!	My brother and I came to visit Chicago for a family wedding. The bride and groom had made reservations for a lot of the family to stay at the Willows Hotel, and while I generally stay downtown for business, I was surprised by how nice the Willows was! There were quite a few really nice little shops/restaurants/bars in the area; not to mention the fact that we walked to the lake, the zoo, and the conservatory. It was a cute and quiet little place with very helpful and friendly staff, I would definitely stay again!	
Feb 28 2005 	A great place to stay in Chicago	We have been all over the world and prefer to stay in independent hotels and b-n-b's when ever possible.I spent a of time looking for such a place in the downtown Chicago area.We found what we were looking for in THE WILLOWS.My girlfriend is a Vegetarian and we asked about area resturants that we might enjoy. The recommendation from the hotel staff was OUTSTANDING.We would rate this hotel as FOUR STAR ---- it had a definate Europeon flavor WITHOUT the bathrooms being DOWN THE HALL. We will DEFINATELY stay at THE WILLOWS again.	
Jan 20 2005	If you have to stay in Lincoln Park - I guess The Willows will do	My husband and I stayed at The Willows for 5 nights this Dec. 04 b/c it was a few blocks from our daughter's apt. Be forwearned - their internet ad is MUCH nicer than the reality. It's centrally located if you want to stay in Lincoln Park - but it isn't a cute, boutique hotel, even though it advertises itself as one.The lobby was a bit shabby - and the free continental breakfast was fast-foodish, carb-laden, and recycled. We didn't eat it once. The hallways were long and narrow - not very inviting. I felt as if I were walking down an old-fashioned rooming house kind of place - not an inviting little hotel. The elevator was a small, old cage affair (cute in movies, not in real life).Our room was very 1950's - beige, dingy, and dark. We had twin beds, I think - not two queens. Our windows overlooked a parking lot which had an all-night light that shined and made loud noises (so I wore ear plugs and kept the shades down). The bathroom was large - clean - and the products were replenished daily. We could hear someone practicing her flute down the hall - and people having sex in a room above us. The people next door had small kids - which we could hear clearly through the walls. Our TV was small - but hooked up to cable. There wasn't a closet - just an old armoire. I checked out the Days Inn a few blocks away - and The Willows was definitely better - but it wasn't a great, charming, adorable place by any stretch of the imagination.	
Oct 31 2004	stay at the willows	We stayed one night at The Willows while we were downtown for work. We thought the hotel was very nice, and the staff was helpful to us in finding a restaurant that had been recommended to us. We are from a small town, and really appreciated the relaxed, friendly atmosphere in the middle of the big city.	
Aug 17 2004	...	I fell in love with the Willows hotel when I arrived there for a two night stay last weekend. The lobby was cute &amp; the room was nice &amp; clean. There were a few minor issues that popped up though that altered my original impression.I managed to score one of the previously mentioned 01 rooms with a view of tree-lined W Surf St. Although small, the room was bright &amp; had a fresh, clean smell.When I walked back to the hotel from the parking lot, I noticed many air conditioners in the windows of the rooms, however my room didn't seem to have one. Fortunately it didn't get very warm &amp; it wasn't an issue, but I wouldn't want to stay in that room on a hot, sticky day.The bathroom was clean, cute &amp; a little small. The main issue I had with the bathroom though, was the water pressure. Showering became very difficult as the water quickly went from hot, to cold, back to hot, slowed to a trickle, back to cold, etc... In spite of these inconveniences, I would recommend this hotel to others. It is in a great location &amp; the staff is very friendly &amp; helpful. Just be prepared, this isn't a luxury hotel so don't expect perfection.	
Nov 26 2003	a charming alternative to the Loop hotels	We travel to Chicago 15-20 times per year for weekends and stay at many of the hotels in town. We find ourselves often returning to the Willows as a pleasant alternative to the downtown scene. Perhaps the greatest asset of this hotel is the neighborhood: it's nice to be in a residential area filled with lively service businesses...you have access to some real Chicago living here away from the bustle (and cost) of downtown . The hotel itself is perfectly serviceable and well maintained, with a charming little lobby area, and relatively generic non-descript rooms. We prefer the rooms in the front of the hotel (the 00 and 01 rooms) which are smaller, but cozier somehow. The staff here has always been friendly and helpful, and there are 2 convenient parking garages nearby. This an easy place to stay, but you won't be fussed over. A terrific value.	
Nov 16 2003	Great hotel and staff	I stayed a the willows three times this year and always find the service excellent. It is a very good value also. I recommend it to all.M. Jones	
Apr 14 2003	don't stay at the Willows	Unfortunately, barebones staff and poor security make this hotel undesirable. I stayed there for an extended weekend and had a CD player stolen from my belongings. The manager was very rude and antagonistic about the situation. I would never stay there again.	
