Jul 7 2009 	WORST HOTEL EVER!!!! Guaranteed to make your skin crawl!!!	This is without a dirt the nastiest hotel/motel/inn that I have ever stayed in. Fist of all, when walking in, you can taste the cancer in the air! (That is how thick the smell of cigarette smoke is!) I should have known not to stay there when after checking in, the worker gave me the key to my room AND THE REMOTE TO THE TV!!! LOL We put our stuff down in the room and left immediately to get some dinner, as it was quite late. Upon returning, we get into the dim-lit room which had the furnishings of a one-night-stand stop. That includes a chewed piece of bubble gum in the shower, torn bath towels, a tray and ice bucket labeled from the Ramada hotel and soap bars from Super 8 Motel!! Not sure how they got those items, because I would bet my life that they don't have an agreement with any of those groups. I decided that I might just be very picky, and we decided to get some sleep since we were both very tired from our flight. But once we pulled back the blanket and found curly hair on the sheets and the pillow cases, I decided that I could not stay there, especially with my girlfriend. At 2 a.m. while waiting to speak with the attendant at the front desk, I was able to overhear a pleasant conversation where a respectable customer rents a room for the &quot;four hour special&quot; of $50. Upon doing so, his male friend enters followed by 2 very short and very plump ladies, and then off they all were to have what I can only figure to be a very quiet night of sleep, because what else would they be doing in a hotel room for 4 hours? Now to think that my girlfriend and I would be sleeping in the same bed as some guy who rented the room for 4 hours, and assuming that they so not clean the rooms every four hours, I was decidedly not going to stay there at all.I get to the front desk and complain to them that I will not stay in their hotel and that I wanted a refund as I had not even stayed there for 2 hours. I was promptly informed that according to the hotel policy, I had only 5 minutes after entering the room to decide whether I wanted to stay or not. When I told the attendant that we simply placed our bags in the room at midnight when we checked in, and went to get something to eat, she told me that the rule still applied. I told her to call the manager because I was not going to pay a thing (mind you they take full payment up front). She called the &quot;manager&quot; who was sleeping and decided not to come out, but told her that nothing could be done till the next day. I later found out that the manager ended up being the homeless looking fellow who was wandering the lobby in shorts and a torn T-Shirt when I was checking in. Needless to say we called a taxi immediately and went to the Holiday Inn Express just a few minutes away near to the Midway Airport. Spend the extra money and stay in a place where you wont get an STD from the sheets! Nothing is worth more while traveling than a clean hotel room and a respectable hotel in which to rest your head.NEVER EVER STAY HERE!!! If you respect yourself and your loved ones, you will not step foot into this cesspool!	
Jun 1 2009 	one word "Disappointed"	As the title, this hotel will make you feel that. the first dissatisfaction you will face when you first open a room in this hotel is its smell. However, what would you expect from a little pay? For me, this is my first and last for this hotel. Pay more for the better experience!	
Dec 5 2008 	Some dusty rooms with cable tv's	If you are looking for a cheap stay you can book it, but don't expect much. It was not very clean but we survived it, it wasn't THAT bad. Don't expect much from the breakfast, euh... breakfast?	
Apr 7 2008	Stay away!!! Stay very far away!!!!	I don't know where to begin, because there were just soooooo many things that were wrong. The whole &quot;hotel&quot; stank of cigarette smoke. My room had dried vomit on the floor. The night stand was covered in some sort of sticky goo. Only one outlet worked, that was the one the TV and the bedside lights were plugged into. Needless to say in order to charge my cellphone I went without TV, which was fine because there was no remote control. No closet to hang clothing just some hooks on the wall. The bathroom had all the amenities. The sink had no counter space the toilet had no cover. I didn't dare step foot in the sink for fear that I would be infected by some bacteria.We were supposed to get continental breakfast with our stay. That was a joke. We had to ask for it and the front desk guy went to the Jewel Osco and bought some cereal. ON our way down to &quot;breakfast&quot; we stumbled upon what one could only call vomit on the stairs. NASTY!!!!!!	
Oct 10 2007 	By the hour....	Maybe 40 years ago, this might have been a modest place. But she's fallen on hard times. Upcharged on my &quot;gauranteed&quot; rate upon arrival. Airport shuttle runs to the airport every two hours beginning at 4a and ending at either 8a or 10a (not too convenient but better than nothing). Exceedingly thin walls as we could hear the conversation next door. And one non-clean bathroom with very thin towels.Was in the lobby for a total of three minutes and encountered two oldest profession women. Pretty good looking but probably not the clientele you might encounter in a $70-80 per night &quot;inn.&quot; The good news is that there's a grocery store across the street (there were no stocked / working vending machines), a good hot dog place two doors down, nice enough staff, and it's really close to Midway Airport (five-seven minutes drive). So if you're looking for an experience, oldest profession women, or something really close to Midway, book it. Otherwise, you have been warned.	
Aug 1 2007 	Beware	Stayed at this property....not at all as promised; wireless is not in room, only in lobby; free breakfast does not include coffee--you have to pay 50 cents in the lobby; bathroom shower was poorly maintained; no place to hang clothes on the wall--when I complained, they put up a coat rack, not a rack where you can use a hanger; lobby and hallways reeked of cigarette smoke; lobby was remodeled, but hallways had either poorly laid tile on the first floor or badly stained carpeting on the second floor; TV had XXX-rated hard core porn showing free on Channel 4, right where you expect a local channel to be--no warning. Phones in rooms do not allow outgoing calls; must use phone in lobby. My room was not cleaned the first day and I was informed that it was my fault as I didn't expressly request my room be cleaned (isn't it usually the other way around--the default is to clean it?). This property should be rated NO STARS......	
