Nov 14 2009 	Perfect stay	Great location in a lively safe neigbourhood. Coffee/tea 24/7, breakfast in the morning, cookies in the afternoon, a diner across the street, bars and restaurants just a block away,... a perfect location for any adventurer. The hotel is right next to the Belmont train stop so if you're a light sleeper that might be a bit of an issue but that's really the only thing that could stop you from booking this hotel.	
Oct 27 2009 	Decent hotel and great value in Chicago	This is nice hotel located next door to convenient Belmont station. I was attending a business meeting in downtown Chicago (McCormick Place) and decided to save some money for my company (paying $120 a night instead of +$300 for a downtown hotel). In all, I have no regrets, taking subway in the morning was very pleasant and energizing. The hotel itself is nothing super but nice, clean, spacious etc. My room was a notch too noisy (facing the 'L') but it did not bother me much. The neighborhood surrounding the hotel is nice, fairly safe, lots of restaurants, shops and famous Boystown is nearby (for those interested). I think it is outstanding value in an expensive city.	
Aug 18 2009 	Quaint friendly convenient	My husband and I stayed here with 2 of our friends on a whim the night we went to a concert at the Metro. It was pretty close and we needed a place to stay. I am so happy we stumbled upon this hotel. Our room had two queen beds, but a hallway separated the beds so it was like having 2 rooms. It was great for saving money, but yet providing a little privacy being in the same room with the other couple. The front desk staff was friendly, our room and bathroom were huge and there was a really nice contintental breakfast in the morning. It's a little hard to find, we drove past it about 3 times, so keep your eyes peeled. We had a wonderful stay and would definitely go back if we're ever in the area and need to spend the night and have the money. It is a bit pricey for an unplanned night's stay.	
Aug 4 2009 	So easy so nice so fun	Hanging out in the Halsted Area, North of Chicago? This would be one of the most convienent, places to stay in that area. The City Suites is so accessable from Midway or O'hare airports via train service at the Belmont stop and all you have to do is just step off the train and literally less than 100 steps, there you are. The hotel has a quiet small lobby but seemed very clean and check-in was easy.Take the stairs if you are claustophobic for the limit of 3 people on the small elevator would make even the bravest a little timid. Nice decor throughout the lobby and hallways as well as very nice appointments in the rooms of this all suite hotel. Fluffy pillows on the bed, flat panel televeisions, nicely tiled bathroom, pretty spacious room for 3 adults rooming together. They even supply you with shower gel, shampoo, conditioner, and lotion in the bathroom along with robes that you can purchase if you like, after your stay. Iron and a small Ironing board were provided, even a fridge for keeping beverages or food. Contential breakfast was served in the morning and I did hear of a reception in the afternoon/evening that I didn't partake in. The hotel is located near all the bars, shopping and restaurants that wonderful North Chicago has to offer and the vibrant, colorful North Halsted area is always something to see reguardless of race, culture, creed or sexuality.	
Jun 28 2009 	Great deal meal!	This hotel is a hidden gem! City Suites is conveniently located next to the Belmont red line, so if you're travelling on leisure, transportation is not a problem (plus, Chicago has a great transportation system). The hotel was nice and clean, and the morning breakfast was decent. We were also greeted by friendly staffs in the hotel.The room we were in had 2 queen sized beds with nice fluffy pillows, perfect for the 3 of us. There were also 2 TVs in the room with ample TV programs every night. Overall, a great experience at this hotel, and I would highly recommend it to travellers, be it business or leisure.	
Apr 9 2009 	Perfect for a real Chi-town experience. We loved it.	We're Chicago natives who were in town to visit colleges with our son. Usually when we visit the city (at least a couple times/year) we stay in the Loop or off the Mag Mile because we're going to plays, museums, etc. We've been looking for a place to stay further North in our old 'stomping grounds' and we're so glad we found City Suites! If you're not a seasoned traveler and have trouble figuring out how to navigate in a city, or how to recognize what's dodgy and what's not, you might have issues staying here. The Belmont neighborhood is diverse, eclectic and vibrant - and can be a little kooky, too. We never felt unsafe but we're familiar with the area. You're not in Kansas anymore, but thank the gods for that. We walk everywhere and allowed our 17-year-old son his freedom to do so, too - he's familiar with the city's street grid and public transit system. There's so much to do and see and the el is there to take you anywhere you want to go. Yes, the rooms are smallish (except for the Executive Suites to which which we were very kindly upgraded, giving us and our sometimes-surly teen some trip-saving space) and the elevator is tiny but it's a 1930's era building after all. It's reminiscent of European hotels. If your rooms are on the west/el train side of the building you will hear the trains and door chimes/announcements. Yes, sometimes you will hear street noise, too, especially over weekends. But this is just the city -it's hard for me to understand why people would choose to stay in a vibrant neighborhood hotel and then complain about the vibrant neighborhood. We found the hotel staff to be incredibly responsive, friendly and attentive. The rooms were impeccably clean and comfortable, as was the lobby. The breakfast is great and you can get coffee and tea throughout the day, plus cookies in the afternoon, which is a great respite from all your walking around and exploring. The parking is quite reasonable for hotel/city parking and a godsend because street parking is impossible in Chicago (and you'd better believe those Lincoln towing signs). We will certainly be back. As mentioned, we just wish we'd found City Suites sooner. Thanks to the City Suites staff for making our stay so fun and memorable. =)	
Mar 31 2009 	Noise sloppy housekeeping and a very unpleasant run-in......	Let me start with the most important part of my experience at City Suites: My boyfriend, who's black, was greeted by one of the front desk staff with a cold stare and a stern &quot;What floor are you on?&quot; a couple days into our stay. When he told the attendant our room number, she mumbled something about a guest's missing property. We still can't figure out what she meant, but I think you get the point. In 2009, in Chicago, we had hoped for better.Here's the other critical part of our experience: Anyone who says you can ignore sounds from &quot;El&quot; trains next to the hotel is lying. The noise in rooms is brutal. You hear everything -- trains pulling in and out, conductors' voices, door-closing chimes. We also woke up to construction outside our window from 7am both weekdays of our stay. Rooms don't seem to be soundproofed, so sounds almost seemed amplified. Some less important points, but equally unpleasant: Housekeeping was lazy, leaving towels strewn on sofas and cabinet doors. I've never stayed in a hotel where the cleaners didn't return towels to the bathroom, or just replace them.FInally, the property's in poor shape. While the lobby's clean, the facilities in general feel more &quot;hostel&quot; than &quot;hotel&quot;. Bottom line: I'm staying at the Days Inn next time I'm in Chicago. Better value, better location, better hotel.	
Mar 27 2009 	Gem of a hotel in an okay area	This hotel is part of the Green Hotels Association and really tries to offer you a green hotel experience. It is clean. The staff is very nice. It is a quiet hotel. It is in the Lakeview neighborhood area of Chicago city proper -- apparently one of the best and safest neighborhoods in the actual city's limits. The area appears sketchy but I was assured by several locals that it is generally safe -- just be smart. As one would in a big city, keep your bags close to your body, your wallet in your front pocket, and be aware. There are a number of nice little clothing boutiques around this hotel. It is literally right next to the metro train (you don't hear the train indoors -- no worries). Lots of young, hip twenty-somethings live in this area. A few blocks down is a heavy gay neighborhood. I went to a Thai restaurant a few doors down from the hotel for some inexpensive, good food and noticed there were a number of gay couples in the restaurant, one of those couples was even dressed in drag. A Jamba Juice and Clark's Nuts are across the street from the hotel. Not knowing the area made me feel nervous, but I just played it safe and was actually very comfortable. The people in the area are very pleasant and customer friendly. They have a continental breakfast downstairs in the morning -- but I didn't try it, so I can't comment. It's very easy to ride the travel from the hotel or get a cab.They have free internet service.Would I recommend, I am saying yes -- mostly because of the good customer service and green hotel experience. I'm more of a suburb girl, so the city neighborhood thing made me nervous -- I'm not going to discount this hotel for that reason.	
Feb 21 2009 	Best Hotel for the $ in Lakeview	Stayed for 3 nights. Excellent staff, location and value. Adequate, clean rooms with a decent continental breakfast thrown in for good measure. Hotel staff held our bags from check out til we left for airport late in the day on Sunday and refused a tip. Directly next to Belmont stop on red/brown line. Didn't notice any noise from train although other reviews did mention it. We have reservations for our trip in June. Rooms are more in summer but still not as much as other lesser hotels.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great service clean room great location!	When we arrived at the hotel we were running a bit behind schedule (we were going to a taping of Wait Wait Don't Tell Me) and weren't sure how to get downtown, but the manager at the desk that evening was incredibly helpful- he helped us figure out where we were going, which train to take and had CTA day passes that he charged to our room (no fussing with the machines at the train stops!). There's a train stop right next door which was great for us- it made it super easy to get downtown and back to the hotel. The only problem with the train stop next door is that yes, it is a little noisy, but my boyfriend and I didn't mind it a bit. The room itself (a standard queen) seemed a bit small at first but it turned out to be perfect for the two of us for two nights. Both the bathroom and the bedroom were very clean. The bathroom had lot of natural light which was really nice in the mornings. But honestly, I could go on for days about the bed. The blankets, the pillows, mattress, the sheets- perfect! It was the best sleep I've had at a hotel. And one of the best things about staying there was the location. Belmont (and intersecting streets) has great food, cute stores and a convenient Walgreens within easy walking distance. The only thing we didn't really prepare for was parking, but we found a parking ramp rather quickly and ended up leaving the car there for whole trip and walked/ took the train everywhere.	
Jul 29 2008 	Not as noisy as some lead you to believe	Clean hotel, nicely updated, FREE WI-FI. Parking is $22 a night, about average for a metropolitain area. Rooms are on the small side, but not too small for a short stay. Great price for a central location. This hotel is next to the EL, we stayed in a room on the West side but hardly noticed the trains. Other reviewers said they couldn't sleep they were so noisy. We did not have this problem at all. Would definately stay again.	
Jul 16 2008 	Great location	Hotel staff was great, very friendly and accomdating.The room was small, but had all the amenities we needed and was very clean. The bathroom was great, airy and bright with a double shower head for a great shower.We were attending a Cubs game and Wrigley was easily within walking distance. Lots of great restaurants within a few blocks as well.	
Jun 11 2008 	Great Little Hotel!!!	This is a great hotel. The staff was very nice and it's close to Boys Town and the &quot;L&quot; Station. The rooms are a bit small, but they are very nice. The continental breakfast was decent. We'll definitley stay here again!!	
May 19 2008	What a dump	Pros:1. Free internet2. Right next to Belmont Station (red, brown, purple lines)3. Lots of t.v. channels4. Decent breakfast selection... not that healthy though.5. Close to a bunch of lackluster food options6. Some staff members were niceCons1. The hallways smelled of urine and smoke (disgusting!)2. The rooms and restrooms are small and cramped3. The street noise and noise from the train is loud, especially at night4. The area is dangerous at night. Every single shop had a police warning posted, and I saw 9 cruisers pull up to Belmont station and arrest two people. At night, random people holler up and down the street. 5. Elevator is rickety and smallI don't recommend this hotel for business travelers. It's a step up from a European youth hostel. It's hard to believe this hotel is in the same chain as the Georgian in Santa Monica!For those with disabilities, many of the stops on the El are not handicapped accessible. The Belmont station is not accessible.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great Location Friendly Staff	We stayed here for a weekend to go to a Cubs game and poke around Chicago a bit. Great location (walk to Wrigley; next to El) and the staff was very friendly. The rooms were on the small side, but our Standard Queen was perfectly fine for the two of us. Other reviewers have mentioned noise as an issue - yes you can hear the El. My in-laws had a room facing the train and could hear all the announcements. My wife and I had a room facing the street (4th floor) and were awoken by the drunk idiots on the street.I would definitely stay here again, but I might request a room on the east side of the hotel...	
Mar 24 2008 	LOVED the room hated the neighbors!	The location is brilliant. You're right next to The EL (The Red Line) which takes you anywhere (Downtown or North) fast. If you are looking for a hotel close to the gay area of town, this is just blocks away. Also, there is great shopping and restaurants RIGHT outside your door.The staff is VERY nice and our double room was great. Clean, good size, a/c, roomy bathroom. NOTHING was wrong with the room. We were on the side of the building away from the train and we heard absolutely nothing that I have read in other reviews. However, it was St. Patrick's Day weekend and the people in rooms throughout our floor were making SO much noise (even around 3 and 4 am) that it was very disappointing the hotel staff did NOTHING to silence them.Other than that I would stay here over and over again... just not on a 'let's get drunk' holiday weekend...	
Mar 18 2008 	Affordable and Clean but a bit noisy	I stayed at the City Suites for a long weekend, and it was well worth the money. We were close to all our friends in Lincoln Park, and right around a bunch of restaurants at Clark and Belmont. Our room was very clean, and there was free wireless internet, which was very helpful. Luckily, we had a room that did not face the train line, so it was not too noisy. It is very convenient the train stop is only one block away, but it was loud!! I can't imagine what the rooms facing the line must have heard. All in all, the hotel was budget friendly and had all the basics we were looking for: good coffee, free wireless, a clean bathroom. Will come back next time we're in Chicago.	
Jan 7 2008 	Great European Style Hotel	I stayed at the City Suites Hotel on Belmont in Chicago on December 25th - December 28th. We had a fantastic time at the hotel. The hotel is clean and very nicely decorated. It seems like a hotel you would stay at in London, Paris, or Madrid. The people at the front dest could not have been nicer or more helpful. The location on Belmont is wonderful. Walking distance to many great restaurants in the area (try the Asian restaurant a couple door down by the hotel). The rooms were not large, but adequate and very clean. This was my second stay at the City Suites and I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 7 2007 	Very nice very convenient very friendly! I'm going back!	I chose the City Suites because of it's close proximity to the Blue Man Group theater, but I was very happy with my choice. Staff was great, parking was close, and free (I hate getting gouged for parking at downtown hotels)! This hotel is a typical older city hotel and the rooms are comfortable, but not palatial.Service was friendly and helpful, neither of us had any problem sleeping and we were on the El side. The neighborhood is wonderfully eclectic, and Clarke's (right across the street) served me the best damned breakfast I ever ate!I'm going back with my daughters to see BMG, and I'll definitely stay at the City Suites again, but this time I'm going to take the El from O'Hare - it should be a great taste of Chicago and the station is about 50 feet from the hotel's front door!	
Sep 19 2007 	Rude staff toiletries stolen	The Night Manager was rude at check in. He told me what a horrible day he had relocating people because they were overbooked and how lucky I was to have a room. Who needs to hear this???My toiletry kit was stolen from my room. No one apologized. No one followed up with me. No one investigated. The General Manager basically said I was a liar because she knew her staff and they would not do anything like that.	
Aug 24 2007 	Great Stay at the City Suites	We had four guys stay in one room on a weekend to the Cubs game. The room had a separate living room an bedroom. Four slept very comfortable. The room was very clean with nice updates for an older building. It was located within a 10 minute or less walk from Wrigley Field in a nice neighborhood. They offer a nice complimentary continental breakfast. It is a little pricey but I would stay again!	
Aug 17 2007 	Good for a trip to Wrigley	Good for a trip to Wrigley, easy 5-6 block walk, plenty of bars and good places to eat. The place is old, but everything in that area is older. El was not a bother at all. I would stay here again, if I was going to Wrigley.	
Jun 30 2007 	Excellent choice in Lakeview/Wrigley	We had a wonderful stay at the City Suites. While we booked a regular Queen room, we were allowed a very early check in (noon) and given a double suite instead. The room was very clean, comfortable and stocked with wonderfully fluffy robes and very good quality personal amenities (including bath salts--a nice touch). The bedroom and sitting rooms were attractively decorated as was the bathroom. I especially appreciated modern design that was considerate of the original architecture. (As in many hotels, it would help to have additional towel bars installed in the bathroom)Good coffee and fresh fruit are both available in the lobby all day. A continental breakfast is offered every morning and cookies are served in the afternoon. This small, neighborhood hotel is very conveniently located. We were within five blocks of Wrigley Field and a block from all the bars/restaurants along Clark. The Belmont El station is right next door--our room backed up to it and was surprisingly quiet.Hotel staff is outstanding--very friendly, accomodating and ready to help with directions, airline boarding passes, etc. We'll definitely stay here again.	
Jun 28 2007 	Neutral/Average	Stayed here last winter for one night and from the area. It's exactly as you see it; a darkish hotel room, clean, American, decent beds. It is an average hotel room.Please, no delusions of grandeur here, and worth $125 - $150 a night, not a penny more, though you'll prob pay more. Know the neighbourhood well, good hood, boys town to the east and Wrigley to the north. Southport area is sweet, just west, bunch of great bars and hotel is right by the brown and red line on the El. Nothing more, nothing less.	
May 3 2007 	Great Hotel Great Location	I stayed at the City Suites for two nights (April 20 and 21) and had a wonderful time. Taking the red line train from downtown, the hotel conveniently located just a couple steps away from the station. It was great to be able to get off the train and be in the hotel within minutes. In the afternoons, there are fresh cookies and fruit in the lobby, which was a nice surprise.The elevator is TINY. I don't think I have ever been in such a small elevator in my life. Since there were a group of us staying there, we found it faster, easier and much less claustrophobic to just take the stairs. not a big deal at all. All rooms have free wireless internet! This was very convenient for planning our outings over the weekend, as well as for doing online check-in for our flights home.We actually had three different room types reserved for our group, so I got to see a variety of what the hotel offers:The first night I stayed in a small suite with 2 double beds, a bathroom,and a small sitting area that had a couch and desk. The couch pulled out into a full size bed. The room was very clean when we arrived, the beds were comfortable. We were on the non-train side of the building, so it was also very quiet. The room had a small fridge, which was convenient. My only complaint with this room was that in order to flush the toilet, you had to hold down the handle until it was done.The second night I stayed in a large king suite with an adjoining standard queen room. The queen room was very small - just a bed and a bathroom. The kind suite was very large - a very spacious sitting area with couch, chair, table and chairs, as well as a tv, fridge, and microwave. The king bed was in a separate area and had a door so that the sleeping and living area were two separate rooms. Both the queen room and king suite were very nice and clean. my only complaint with these rooms again dealt with plumbing - the shower was very slow to drain. But the building is very old and you almost have to expect some issues with plumbing...and it was nothing to really complain about. Even though these two rooms were on the train side of the building, I didn't think it wasn't as big a problem as other reviewers have made it out to be. Yes, during the day when you're awake the train is definitely noticeable and somewhat loud. But I laid down in bed, fell asleep, and didn't notice the train again until I woke up the next day. Maybe it wasn't a problem for me since I grew up near train tracks, and I currently live near a hospital with constant sirens and helicopters? But if you think it will be a problem, just request a room on the other side of the building and you'll barely be able to hear the train.Continental breakfast was free in the lobby, consisting of yogurt, fruit cups, hot pockets, etc. It was nice to have (especially if you're in a hurry), but I would highly recommend skipping the continental breakfast and walking across the street to the 24 hour diner. We ate their twice during our stay, and the food and service was excellent both times.The hotel is within easy walking distance of many bars, stores, and Wrigley Field. And if you're heading into the city, the train station is right next door so you can very quickly and easily get wherever you need to go.The front desk requests that you check out of your room by 11am, but we were running a little late and after calling the desk, they had no problem giving us an extra hour and letting us check out at noon. Even better, since we didn't need to leave for the airport for another 3 hours, they were nice enough to let us store our luggage in a locked room near the front desk while we went out to lunch so we wouldn't have to carry it around with us.I would definitely recommend staying at the City Suites Hotel - it's a very nice hotel in a very convenient location.	
Apr 12 2007 	Loved the City Suites	We had a fabulous time at the City Suites. The front desk was very helpful and knowledgeable. The rooms were CLEAN and comfortable. The continental breakfast had a nice choice of American classics. The location is prime and to anyone complaining about the noise from the train, you are in a huge city! You can't choose to be close to public transportation and complain about the noise. Besides, we had a room on the train side and it wasn't as bad as we thought it might be. Further more, we also stayed while they were changing the carpet and we did not have any problems what so ever with the noise or ruckus. It seemed everyone in the hotel was up and taking breakfast before they started working. Over all, we loved the atmosphere and the personable and friendly staff. Our trip was delightful and we will certainly be coming back! THANK YOU!	
Apr 11 2007 	Pretty Nice	I stayed at the City Suites on 04/2 - 04/06. I was concerned when I saw the rooms on the website. I dont know how it happend, but the upgraded me to one of the king rooms. The Bathroom was beautiful, the bedroom was very plush. The tv in the sitting room did not seem to work, but that seems like a petty thing to complain about. The staff were extremely helpful helping me get to the the restaurants I had reservations at, plus they gave me ideas on where to go in boystown. Berlin is just across the street, Ann Sathers or Orange for the mornings. Pretty cool place.	
Mar 4 2007	Could be better	The rooms were very nice and roomy, but two things occurred during our stay that makes my unhappy. They started changing the carpet inthe hallway at 8:30, which was not the bad thing the bad thing was that the manager would not apologize for it, instead she told us &quot;we picked the room.&quot; The other thing was the heat had a mind of its own. We woke up @6:30 in the morning freezing one morning and had to call the front-desk, to which they responded “I will check the boiler,” 30minutes later you can hear it start to kick on.	
Mar 1 2007 	Hellish	I'm writing this in the hotel at 4 AM as I can't sleep and have been tossing and turning for 5 hours now. My alarm goes off in two hours, and I literally haven't gotten a wink of sleep. I can hear that at least one of my neighbors is having similar troubles, as the walls are so thin I can hear him tossing and turning and grunting every couple of minutes as well. And the train. Oh yes, the train is right outside my window, and comes every 5 minutes or so, sounding like a jet airplane landing in the bathroom. I'm paying Them for this?	
Feb 25 2007 	Highly recommended	This hotel was fantastic. Two-minutes from the Belmont Street train station, close to nice cafes and shops. The rooms were spacious, clean and well-appointed. The lobby had a great open fire and was comfortable and well furnished. Breakfast was excellent. Friendly staff.	
Feb 6 2007 	highly recommend	all the reviews i read complained about the small room and being next to the el. yes the room was small, you're in the heart of the city! yes it was next to the el, it wasn't any noiser than the general street noise, again you're in the heart of one of the busiest area of a major city! the room was very nicely decorated and very clean. large bathroom. staff was very nice. continental breakfast was far nicer than a lot that i've had. highly recommend staying here for cub games, one el stop away!	
Mar 2 2006	wonderfull stay	wonderfull stay, you can find there everything what you are lokking for:very friendly staff, verry clean rooms, great breakfast,great location- close to everything- shoping, restaurantsStay there	
Dec 12 2005	A Memboriable Stay	Me and my wife found this lovely hotel on the internet and booked through their own web site which offers the lowest rate and found it to be the best little hotel that Chicago has to offer. I was here for a Cubs game and was disappointed in a Cubs loss but excited about this great find in th City Suites. Staff is excellent and close to a subway station and walking distace to Wrigley Field.	
Nov 22 2005	feel at home	I did stay at this hotel many times, but I see improvement everytime when i go there (on staff -friendly and helpful, clean room, breakfast better and better)I was again on Oct 05, and I found a new mattressesThe hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible plesure I feel like that is my home	
Aug 29 2005	Don't stay here if you can help it!	We were a little reluctant to stay at City Suites but we really wanted to be in the Lakeview neighborhood and it was one of the only hotels around (Best Western was full - otherwise we would have stayed there). Basically, there is nothing exceptional about this place - not even anything very good. They charge a great deal, especially on weekends like ours when the Cubs are in town, and get away with offering very little for that because there are so few hotels nearby. If you have any other options, we would NOT recommend staying here. In addition to the very high price (we had to pay $249 for a Sat. night when the Cubs were in town), the service is poor, rooms shabby and it's nothing more than a place to lay your head (or try to unwind watching a tiny t.v. from the 1980s!). When we arrived, we went straight to the hotel even though it was a little early (12:30-1pm). Rather than offer us any options, the front desk attendant looked at us cross-eyed and said bluntly &quot;I have no rooms now. You can't check in yet, it's too early.&quot; We have stayed at much nicer hotels in Chicago (for the same price) and they have always tried to be amenable or at least offered to take bags, etc. We had to force the issue here for them to check our bags and let us borrow the key for the one bathroom so we could freshen up. When we got back we had to compete with the one TINY elevator (fits 2-3 people) to get to our room, which we then found incredibly underwhelming. We paid extra to have a &quot;king suite&quot; and thought that might mean slightly nicer furnishings/etc. Not at all. The bed was lumpy and old, the rest of the furniture was &quot;vintage&quot; and didn't match, the shower was very weak, etc. The worst part was the A/C - we had to crank it up to get any kind of coolness in the room, and this resulted in absolutely infesting the room with dust and allergens. The pipes are obviously all old/musty/mildewy and my husband had to dope up on allergy pills to try to deal with it. He is also an early riser and was looking forward to the &quot;free continental breakfast&quot; that was promised from 7am-11am, while he did work and waited for me. He went down at 7am and there was not only no food - but not even anyone at the desk or in the lobby to help. He went back again about 45min later and there was still no one and no food. When we left the hotel around 10am we finally saw a few donuts and cereal. Similarly, we were told there would be complimentary evening cookies between 4-8pm. The second day we were there we happened to be coming back around 5pm and thought cookies and tea sounded nice. Again, though, no cookies. When I went to ask the front desk agent, I found her with her head down asleep behind a partition. She said the cookies would be out &quot;later&quot;.We also found the housekeeping to be very poor. We know they came the second day because our bed was made and our tip was gone. But they did not refresh any of the toiletries (even though they were almost out), did not put anything away or tidy up, and seemed to have not cleaned, vacuumed or washed anything but the bare essentials. I think they came in, made the bed, put out some fresh towels, grabbed the money and left. Clearly the entire hotel is designed to offer the littlest possible that it can get away with.If the price had been MUCH cheaper, I could understand staying at this hotel - it's adequate and a step up from a complete dump. But we will never stay here again and never recommend it. We walked by the Best Western and it looked a lot nicer, I'm assuming the inside can't be any worse than City Suites. If you have an option, I think you're better off looking for a deal on a downtown hotel (they all have to compete because there are so many, so you get a LOT more class, better staff, nicer rooms, etc.) and walking/driving/taking &quot;el&quot; or anything else to get up to Lakeview.	
Aug 5 2005	Great place City Suites Hotel	While in Chicago we picked our hotel so it was within walking distance to Wrigley Field. City Suites Hotel is an older building on W. Belmont Ave. We enjoyed the surroundings and the coziness of the hotel. The rooms have an older charm about them and are clean and comfortable. Russell, at the front desk, was a tremedous help with recommending places to eat and places to take two teenage boys while visiting. He helped make our trip easy to enjoy.	
Jul 20 2005 	Adorable comfortable room. Good value	My daughter and I came to look at a few colleges in Chicago. We just needed a decent room in a convenient location. This hotel more than met our expectations.We were a little surprised when we found the hotel was 2 shops from the El station, but we never heard any train noise. We arrived at 6am, and the hotel let us check in early. We had only reserved a &quot;room&quot; not a suite, and they gave us a discount when me mentioned we were touring Loyola.I think they upgraded us. Our room was like a junior suite...bedroom with 2 twins, a TV, desk and 2 nightstands. The &quot;living room&quot; had no door but had a loveseat/bed, an easy chair, table and another TV. All the furniture was light wood and looked pretty new. The bathroom was classic 1930s- small tiles on the floor, white subway wall tiles- looked straight from Restoration Hardware! The best was that the floor was heated! Felt so nice! They allowed us to eat breakfast on our arrival as well as departure date- nothing fancy...Tea, coffee, fruits and pastries.All in all, we were very happy here. My only complaint was that the desk clerk told me it would take 30 minutes on the El to get to the airport at 6 am. It was closer to an hour, and we almost missed our flight!!	
Jun 21 2005	Shabby hotel in shabby neighborhood	The best thing I can say about this place is that it's steps from an El station, so that a quick trip to the Loop area is no problem. Unfortunately, that also means that you can hear the El rumbling every few munites in the day and throughout the night. The room we had was spacious but shabby, not at all what I had imagined from the pictures on the Internet. My companion had stayed a few nights before in a fine Chicago hotel for about the same price, so she was especially unimpressed. Some muight regard the neighborhood as funky and happening (restaurants, nightclubs), but dirty and shabby are equally apt (--- shops, street people). In view of recommendations from well-known travel guides, this place was a real disappointment.	
May 18 2005	Location a huge asset	We stayed at City Suites for 4 nights. Our room was clean, quiet, and roomy. The convenience of the El only a few doors down is great, as is having the Halsted nightlife only a couple of blocks away. Great Chicago pizza and hot dogs nearby. The staff was helpful and friendly- Russ went above and beyond with his guidance on dining and entertainment for our stay. Coffee and tea are available throughout the day and evening. I have stayed here in the past and it will be my only choice next time as well.	
May 11 2005	Not a luxury hotel but still good	If you think you're going to find a true suite in Chicago for $164/night, you're dreaming. Having said that, our &quot;pseudo&quot; king suite (see prior review) was quite adequate for my spouse, toddler &amp; me. We needed to be in that eclectic neighborhood (GREAT Vietnamese restuarant and a few tattoo parlors) for a family event, but it's certainly convenient to the traditional attractions without the &gt;$200/night price tag for a shoebox on the Mag Mile. Speaking of which, ANY hotel within 150 yards of an El station isn't going to be quiet. Our room overlooked the front entrance, but we were able to ignore the hub-bub (and our home is in the middle of 200 acres of undeveloped land).I agree that there was a snippy male manager, but the remainder of the staff was very gracious. The 24/7 fresh fruit and tea was nice, but skip the breakfast. There are plenty of good eats just steps from the hotel. The room would definitely be cramped for a family of four, but then so would most rooms. It's no Four Seasons, but we would stay there again.	
May 8 2005	one room does not make a siute	My wife and I stayed at City Suites Saturday May 7, 2005. We reserved a &quot;King Suite&quot; which was purported to be a suite with a fold out couch bed. We needed a suite so that our daughter in law could use it while we could maintain or privacy. In fact the room was not a &quot;suite&quot; at all, just a room with a half wall between a seating area and a king bed. No privacy at all.  I espressed my concerns to the on duty manager Ross. Ross told me in a very rude and condescending manner that If I hadn't booked the room on &quot;Cheap hotels Dot Com&quot; I would have known that the room was not a &quot;suite&quot; but really a &quot;Junior Suite.&quot; He then told me that he was canceling our reservation and was giong to find us a &quot;real suite that will cost your ------ $500.00.&quot; If he were my employee he would be immediately fired.Ther web page, which I referred to before I CALLED and asked numerous questions before I made reservations at the link provided intimates that City Suites Hotel does indeed have suites. El noise all night long and lousy continental breakfast, not worth the price.	
May 2 2005	A good hotel in a great location	We stayed at the City Suites on Saturday, April 30th for one night. We booked a standard queen room (not a suite) since we were not planning on spending much time in the room. The room was a bit larger than most boutique hotels in a city. The bathroom had a bit more room as well. We had no problem with noise as mentioned in other posts. The room was very quite.The best asset of this hotel is the location. We came in for a concert and wanted to bar hop on Halsted after the show. This hotel is perfect as Halsted is only a block away. There are also plenty of shops and good restaurants nearby. There is a train station right next door which makes getting around the city easy.Overall the hotel is a good value.	
Jan 9 2005	Paper thin walls	We got a decent price for out hotel room so I can't complain about that. The rooms were a bit small but nicely decorated and clean. I really liked the hotel for its location and style. The only problem we had was the paper thin walls. After celebrating all night we only wanted a good sleep before driving back to the suburbs in the morning. All we heard was a baby crying through out the night, people talking in their rooms, and footsteps constantly in the hallway. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone for that reason. I would reconsider if they renovated with some sound proofing.	
Dec 12 2004	I LOVE THIS HOTEL!!	I have been staying at City Suites hotel every year for the past 8 years, when my friends and I come at the end of June for the exciting parade weekend in &quot;Boys-Town&quot; Chicago.The hotel is perfect, comfortable, convenient to all the areas we like to visit, including our favourite health club, which is within walking distance of the hotel!The staff is always helpful and friendly. Even one year, they had a water main break on the day of our arrival, and they put my entire party (of 6 people) up in the Quality Inn, on Michigan Ave., just for one night, totally free of charge, including dinner and cocktails, as well as crediting our first night at City Suites!Restaurants, shopping, night-clubs, all within walking distance, as well as the conventient &quot;El&quot; station right outside the hotel doors!I recommend this hotel to everyone!	
Oct 12 2004	Nice old building	I loved the location because it was away from downtown and very close to where I wanted to be. My son and I shared a double suite and the room was small. I liked the feel of the old building, and the bathroom was kind of art deco, but there were no counter tops, and very little space to put &quot;stuff.&quot; For the amount I paid, I would have liked to have a larger bed, and glasses instead of plastic cups, a closer ice machine (1 machine located on the lobby floor.) The building is old but quaint. The elevator is slow, and the floors creak. The lighting is dim. There are cealing fans in both rooms and air conditioning window units. I had no view-just bricks from the building next door. The room was very quiet. I did not hear the &quot;El&quot; or any outside noise. A continental breakfast was served each day with bagels, muffins, juice, cereal, coffee and teas. If you know that it is an old building and you like that, then it is charming. It was not bad or terrible, just that it wasn't anything special. I probably would not stay here again if I didn't have to.	
Aug 6 2004 	Nice affordable . . .		
Aug 4 2004	Good Value Neighbourhood Hotel		
Dec 24 2003	Good Location Bad hotel		
Nov 30 2003	Not worth the price		
Nov 3 2003	Great Location		
Sep 15 2003	A Stylish Friendly Hotel Walking Distance from Wrigley		
Jun 11 2003	Nothing Special		
May 20 2003	Close to Wrigley Park		
Dec 20 2002	Have stayed twice now!		
Jun 18 2002	Nice place interesting neighborhood		
