Oct 21 2009 	Nightmare hotel stay!	The hotel was nothing like their web site claimed- they said spa- and three stars- I would not give it one star- my room was filthy with a broken bed with flithy sheets- - had to wait hours for a new one and the ac did not work- none of the promised items were there- pool had been closed for months- no business office- called my business associate who called and reported them- said it should be closed for health reasons-had to sleep elsewhere- no refund- - they claimed in their web it was newly decorated- but it was a mess and old- others staying there were very upset they also thought it would be nice- but was NOT- the last nite I did get a kind employee who found me a better room- actually had working ac! I was told by one employee new owners - staff is tryin	
Oct 13 2009 	This Hotel is a Dump	This hotel is a dump. None of the stuff listed is available. There is no fitness room, sauna, or restaurant. No fridge, no coffee maker, the list goes on. It isn't clean. The wallpaper is peeling and the walls are cracking. There is graffiti on the walls of the halls and the doors. I stepped on broken glass in my room. The guy behind the desk is proudly displaying his prison tattoos. The &quot;Free Breakfast&quot; is coffee and pre packaged Danishes in sticky (on the outside) cellophane wrappers. Apparently the only way to use the internet is to sit in the lobby. This is one serious dump.	
Oct 11 2009 	Marginal at best!	We chose this hotel because it was cheap but we should have payed a little more for something better! To put it into prospective, it's right next to Hooters... The hotel's pool had been closed for over a year, the bistro had been closed since 4/1/09 and the free wireless internet they advertise is only available in the entrance area! Their website advertises $50/night rates which is quite false (we payed over $100/night). Our room didn't have the advertised mini-fridge, hair-dryer (we had to go down and ask for it), or dvd player. A little on the scary side, we saw the front desk guy give a bunch of his drunk/high friends a key without them paying for it. I guess if you want to stay for the airport service, they apparently have a shuttle... but I still wouldn't recommend it!	
Oct 1 2009 	SOOOOOOOOO BAD!!!	This place was so gross. We needed to stay at a place close to the airport as we were only in town for 13 hrs and had to catch a early flight. I booked this room as the photos on Priceline were not bad at all, however i should have known better. First of all.... the shuttle is a rusted out van that smells awful inside. Thank god it was a free shuttle service. When we pulled up to the hotel we found it not to be in the nicest neighborhood and the exterior of the hotel was nasty. The only nice area of this hotel is the lobby as its the only area that has been updated. The room was so nasty and dirty... the AC didnt work and the shower did not work at all. I called the front desk and they said it would take 25-30 mins. before someone could come look at it... never once offered us a new room. We were unable to wait for someone to come fix the shower as we were in a hurry to get to a concert and we would NOT let any of the employees into the room with out us being there. The only nice thing about this hotel is the fact that the shuttle is free and runs every half hour. I found that you get what you pay for !! Do not waste your money at this place!!!	
Sep 10 2009 	Good for a short budget trip to Chicago!	For under $30 a night per person (I shared with two others), you can't really go past this hotel, it was clean and a 10 minute walk from the blue line train. While not really in the heart of the city, it was definately worth the travel time for the price! Basic tea and coffee is available, and &quot;breakfast&quot; - doughnuts or prepackaged pastries, which weren't that great but again you can't really complain for how much you're paying. The shower taps are a bit tricky to get the hang of too, but that was the only trouble we had.	
Aug 26 2009 	Beware of this hotel!!!!!	Do not stay here if you value hygiene and cleanliness.There are too many complaints to list, so I have chosen the ones I consider most important.Everywhere smiltCarpets stained and filthyBed linen did not look cleanFridge filled with dirty glassesShower didn't work properlyLights went off when hairdryer usedMachine for cold drinks had dirty piece of towelling stuck up itKit Kat from other machine melted, you could have eaten it with a spoonBreakfast - coffee and doughnuts that were falling off a plate on to grubby clothThere was one point in its favour, the friendliness of the guy who picked us up from the airport, but the vehicle certainly needed attention. From 2 very unhappy people from the UK	
Aug 26 2009 	An avalanche of one bad thing after another	For the first time in my life I feel like I really need to let others know that this is not a good option. First of all, we selected this hotel based on the distance to O'hare Intl Airport, price and the fact that the photos didn't show a bad hotel at all. We had never been to Chicago but thought the surrounding neighborhood looked a little dirty. The two members of the hotel staff that we interacted with were not friendly at all and the hotel smelled. We ended up going to two different rooms before we checked out to go to another hotel: Room #1 - the bathroom had mold all over the walls and tile plus the floor of the tub looked like it had never been cleaned; also one of the lamps in the room didn't work and the room was way too dark. Then we let them know and they gave us a new room. Room #2 - the bathroom was better than the first one but still had mold and was kinda dirty looking plus the sink faucet would never shut off. There were white liquid stains on the headboard and carpet. What made us decide that we needed to leave was finding cat feces behind the lounge chair in the room. How in the world do you get &quot;cat poop&quot; in a hotel room?! Further, how often do they clean their rooms? We had our 8 month old baby with us and decided that we needed a better place to stay. We probably would have stayed if we didn't have the baby but, with a child, conditions like that are unacceptable. We went to the Hampton Inn at Schiller Park, IL. Hampton Inn has never disappointed us and we have decided that it's worth paying more for a clean hotel with friendly staff and free breakfast and internet.	
Aug 20 2009 	Do not stay here!!!!!! It's filthy and the shuttle bus is non - existent	I travelled to Chicago to meet up with family and needed to stay near the airport for one night before travelling on to my destination. I chose this hotel as Expedia had listed it as being near the airport, at a reasonable cost.On arrival at O'Hare airport I contacted the hotel by phone to enquire about their free airport shuttle service. The lady that answered the phone was very casual and told me to &quot;go to the shuttle stop and wait and that's it&quot;. It required me to grill her before she indicated where the shuttle stop was or how I might recognise their shuttle bus. When I got to the shuttle stop there were numbered doors to indicate where to wait for the shuttles of each hotel, the helpful lady on the phone had not informed me of which number door I should wait at. I did wait, very patiently, for over an hour, at which point my patience ran out and I caught a cab to the hotel, which cost $20.On arrival at the hotel, which is actually a motel, I explained to the lady at the front desk that I had waited over an hour for the shuttle, to which she replied, &quot;I don't know what happened there, I told the driver&quot;. When I asked to speak to the manager I was told that she would not be available for 2 days.I was given my key and lazily pointed in the direction of my room.The journey to my room left me dreading what I would find once I finally got there. The corridors of the motel were filthy, with stains and rubbish in abundance. The room, although not outright dirty, felt unclean and was very dark due to poor lighting.They advertise a contintental breakfast, which is actually a sickly doughnut in plastic wrapping, which you can buy in Walmart 16 for $3.In conclusion this MOTEL is terrible and should not even be considered as a one night stop for the airport.	
Aug 11 2009 	Pretty awful	We got a room at the Garden Hotel so we could park our car there and fly from there. We are not &quot;hotel snobs&quot; and weren't expecting anything fancy for the price, but the place is awful. It smells bad, everything is stained and dirty. There's an abandoned restaurant in the middle of the hotel; the pool out back is empty and surrounded by weeds. There was mold growing everywhere in the bathrooms. We realized our &quot;king&quot; bed was actually two twin beds pushed together. It was all I could do to actually convince my wife to go through with spending the night before our early morning flight the next day. We went out and watched a late movie at a nearby theater so we could spend as little time at the hotel as possible. When we got back at the end of the trip, our cab dropped us off to pick up our car. Several employees were sitting outside with their cars (and the hotel shuttle van). The entrance drive was completely blocked as a result, and when our cab driver asked if they could move so he could drive through, they rudely they wouldn't move and that he should just back out.Pay an extra $20 or so to stay somewhere else.	
Aug 1 2009 	Discusting!	This place is [--] gross!Its cheap but nasty!Its SOOOOO Dirty. Smells SOOO Bad! Stained carpet, needs painting.... Do not use this hotel!	
Jul 23 2009 	Great Shuttle Service	We reserved a room here through parksleepfly.com. We usually book a room near the airport with free parking for our trips. We've stayed twice and both times had a good experience. This hotel is an old holiday inn. It's not the most beautiful hotel but perfect for our needs. We usually have an early flight so we stay the night before. The shuttle to the airport is on time and only about 10 minutes or less to get there. In fact we took the 5:30 shuttle. They made an extra trip to take a couple who had overslept and were going to miss their flight. They still made it back before 5:30 for us. On the way back we called from baggage claim and they were waiting for us when we made it over to the pick-up area. The check in desk is efficient. The price is cheaper than parking at the airport and they had hot coffee and small pastries in the lobby when we left in the morning. I think the only complaint I have is that the floor of the bathtub in our room was grimey looking.	
Jul 8 2009 	Not a Romantic Getaway	My experience was alot like the others on this site. Stay here only if you're looking for bare-bones budget accomodations. It's not a great place to stay in the hotel room enjoying yourself.The price was good, I'll give them that, but I'd have rather paid an extra ten bucks and had a firmer mattress and a carpet without stains.	
Jul 6 2009 	NASTY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	My husband left it to me to find a hotel room we just needed for one night- before leaving on vacation. I wanted to save some money so I went with a cheap hotel. The picture that I did see online looked ok- so I was set. We checked in- lobby appeared to be clean. Lobby restrooms were very nice. And then there was our actual hotel room. yi yi yi. The first thing we saw was the bed... the pathetic looking bed. You could tell by looking at it, how it swooped way down in the middle- that it wasn't going to be good. (The sheets had nasty stains on them- we asked for clean sheets and we never received them! HOW RUDE!) We tried sleeping horizontally, vertically, diagonally... nothing worked. Before we attempted to sleep, we attempted to take a shower. The drain was clogged terribly, the shower curtain rod was about to fall out of the wall, thus the curtain would not stay shut and water was getting out. (There was only 1 wash cloth in the room when we got there... really? So we had to requset more.) The &quot;complimentary&quot; shampoo was less than 1/2 full- and who knows with what. We used the shuttle- if you can call it that. The driver was nice, the vehicle was creepy. Tape holding things together, the seat wouldn't latch in, so on the stop and go's around chicago were real fun, and it was just filthy. Needless to say, I have been banned from picking out hotels from now on. I hope this review helps- take our word... DO NOT STEP FOOT INTO THIS PLACE!!!	
Jun 17 2009 	Good value and location	I was scared after reading all the negative reviews. But for a 2-star type of hotel, it fits the bill closely. The prices are quite low so it is a good value for what you get considering the location. The wi-fi only works in the lobby, but is reliable and very fast. In fact most hotel wifi is spotty/laggy, but this is one of the fastest ones I have used. Rooms are decent with some minor renovations. Bed was a bit saggy, but that I find in all 3-star and lower hotels. There was not much noise at all in the hotel. Most of the clientèle seemed foreign travelers who seemed well mannered and quiet. The parking lot had plenty of spaces and there was no charge for it.	
Jun 7 2009 	WORST hotel EVER!!!	I used to stay here in 2008 and the property was well-maintained and everything in working order. I have stayed twice this year and every stay was absolutely HORRIBLE! In March I stayed for 5 days and each day I had to be moved to another room because there were major items missing from the room or they stopped working or broke. After contacting the manager I was offered a refund. It's now June and I haven't seen 1 cent returned!!!! Nothing works anymore in the rooms, everything is falling apart, wallpapaer peeling in every room, showers are either extremely hot or freezing cold, wifi only works in the lobby, t.v. starts making gold awful sounds if on for more then 30 minutes, no blow dryers/coffeemaker/microfridge or any other amenities they claim to have! I'd rather take my chances at a Motel 6!!!	
Jun 3 2009 	hotel from hell	From day one it was a nightmare the hostess the room smelled like feet and everything else the bed was slumpy and smelled too the hallway was scary the breakfast was a joke all the way to the end the hostess who supposed to be nice and smile 'NOT'??? ,very disatisfied never go back and if you dare to stay there your on your own.Oh and watch out for the t.v. it has a mind of its own.............jo	
May 29 2009 	Decent Budget Option	We stayed here for one night between a Ben Harper concert and a cubs game, got in about 1AM and were out by 9AM. The parking lot leaves a bit to be desired, but it's close to a few decent restaurants, fairly quiet, and most of all, CHEAP! I was worried after reading reviews, but the front desk staff was very friendly and helpful, and the rooms weren't great, but they were more than fine for the night. My biggest annoyances were flat sheets on the beds (they don't stay put) and thin blinds (especially on the east side of the building, the sun will wake you up), but all in all I was happy for what it was. No comment on security since we didn't ever leave anything unattended in the room, but for an overnight, worth the money.	
May 27 2009 	Stay here only for the price ... if you pay more than $45 you paid too much	As a budget traveler what I'm looking is an economical comfortable problem free place to stay and as long as I get that I'd be happy. My verdict after staying here is that unless saving money is your number one concern then go elsewhere.I stayed here 5 nights after booking on Orbitz where the 5th night was free and with a $75 coupon ( you can always find some coupon code for Orbitz for multiple night stays ) the total cost came to $30 a night, including taxes!I arrived at the hotel close to 11p.m. to check in and commented to the clerk that as was listed on the Orbitz hotel room description that I wanted a room with a microwave and fridge. The clerk responded Orbitz should not be listing those on the room description and that they have no way of knowing which rooms have them! The clerk asked me what I wanted to do about this problem, and I said I was willing to go to the room to see if it had a fridge. This was not acceptable to her and once again she asked me what I wanted to do without an ounce of any regard for customer service in her demeanor. Now I am not the most demanding person and always treat people with politeness and I can say this was the worst customer service I have ever encountered from anyone in the service industry.Finally she offered to have the shuttle bus driver look in the room when in got back from the airport in 15 minutes.Twenty minutes later the clerk summoned me from the couch in the lobby to inform me that the room did not have a fridge, but I could come to the front desk at 7 a.m. the next day and maybe they could find me a new room with fridge.Resigned to take the room on offer, what do I find upon entering the room. A fridge!The room itself was okay, seemed clean enough and bug free. The bathroom mirror had a large crack and the bottom of the bathtub for mushy underfoot as though nothing was supporting it. The bed sheets had many holes and cigarette burns and the TV was classic budget hotel style about a 20 inch CRT probably a number of years old. There was free internet but you could only pick up the wireless signal from the lobby area. The bed was very soft ( or worn out? ) and sagged greatly. I had hurt my back a few days before and found after the first night's sleep my back was now worse! For the rest of the stay I had to avoid sleeping on my back.Room service had the annoying habit of knocking on the door at 8:30 in the morning and if you weren't ready for them your room was likely not to be attended too later. I took to the habit of taking my own clean towels from the carts left in the hallway.My overall impression is that after changing hands from Holiday Inn to Wyndham to now being independent that this hotel is being run into the ground, with the minimum amounts spent on maintenance or staff.As for the area, it was a safe neigbourhood. There are limited restaurants within walking distance. A Hooters in next door, an Outback Steak house a short distance east, a thai restaurant and a breakfast and lunch only diner across the street to the west. There is also a Dominick's Supermarket at the intersection of Cumberland and Higgins. TIP- if you need a 1-day CTA pass you can get them here, most CTA stations don't sell them.The hotel is a full 5-minute walk to the Cumberland CTA (public transit) metro station, and to get there you must walk along portions with no sidewalk ( gets muddy when it rains) and cross a busy intersection where drivers are not paying attention for pedestrians - as there are so few. Be careful. Or you can park in the lot for $4 for up to 12 hours or have the shuttle driver take you.The Blue Line runs 24 hours a day and takes about 35 minutes to the LOOP or less than 10 minutes to Ohare aiport. If you are taking the &quot;EL&quot; downtown please be advised that during the spring / summer of 2009 they are working on the line on most weekends from 10 p.m. Friday to 4:00 a.m. Monday and so during these times you must transfer to a bus to take you into the Loop. After they finish upgrading the line sometime later this year the ride downtown should only take 30 minutes.Overall I would not want to stay here again , but considering the price was less than a hostel might charge you for a non-private room without a bathroom, maybe I might consider this place for a traveler needing to save money as #1 priority.	
Apr 26 2009 	Horrible Hotel	We just completed (me, my wife and two other couples) our stay at this hotel and I could not wait to write this review. For the price I was not expecting the Ritz, but this was just horrible. I actually lost all hope when the picked us up in a dilapidated white van. When we got to the hotel the receptionist was rude and actually acted put out by checking us in. The room smelled musty and moldy in fact we had to switch rooms after the first night because the hot water in the bathroom sink faucet and hair dryer did not work. The second room was not much better. The AC worked sporadically. As others have stated the internet was still down as of April 26th. The continental breakfast consisted of stale packaged donuts and less than average coffee. When they clean the rooms the large full garbage bags sit in the halls for a day or so. My wife and I requested other pillow (only three provided) that never showed up even after two requests. Our last night (Saturday) my wife was pretty sure she saw a prostitute leaving out the front door which would not surprise me. The other two couples we visited Chicago with reported similar room conditions and were just as unhappy. The owners and staff (except for one shuttle driver who was actually very nice) of this hotel just do not seem to care. My goal is to get the word out this hotel on every blog and review site I can so other people do not make the same mistake we did. The only bright side of the hotel was Spuntino Pizza directly across the street which served both the best stuffed and thin crust pizza I have ever had at a very reasonable price.	
Apr 20 2009 	One Word "Horrible."	I made this reservation online through Expedia.com. The outside of the hotel is deceiving. It looks okay, but when I went in to check in, OMG! It was smokey and the office behind the desk was filthy. The garbage was overflowing and it looked like the floor was never vacuumed. When I got my room key, on the way up the stairs, the floors were not vacuumed, the hallway walls were scuffed and the wallpaper was peeling off the walls and the doors were dirty with scuff marks and dirt. Window seals were full of cobwebs and the floors on the way to the room looked like they were never shampooed. When we got to the room, which was supposed to be non-smoking, it reeked of smoke. The bottom drawer of the chest was missing and the floors were dirty and the windows were greasy looking. I went back to the desk and complained and they changed the room to the first floor. I went to my conference and when I came back at night, all of the doors on the main floor were open, main door, fire exits, emergency exits, all of the ones on the first floor were open. No screens on the entry of the doors just wide open. Anything could come in the hotel, animals, bugs, etc. I did not feel safe in the hotel because anyone could come in at any time. Housekeeping was not 24 hours. They were not there at night. What kind of hotel doesn't have 24 hour housekeeping. This one doesn't, that's for sure. I was fed up, I checked out the same night. I refuse to lay my head down in such a disgusting and filthy place. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. I was embarrased to have my friends to come visit me at this place when I was there. I complained to Expedia.com and they refunded my money and I told them to take this hotel off of their list because it would make them look really bad if they recommend this hotel to anyone. I arrived there at 3:00 p.m. and I left at 9:30 p.m. to drive back home from Illinois to Michigan that night. I refused to stay there.	
Apr 6 2009 	You get what you pay for	The room rate was cheap, and that is exactly how I would characterize the hotel. Least firm hotel bed I've ever tried to sleep on, seemed you had to pay for basic tv, and bottom bed sheet wasn't fitted so slid off all night. Luckily, we only needed the room from 9pm to 4am because we were using it as park,sleep and fly. Only nice thing about the place is the shuttle driver - exceptionally nice and helpful man. We probably save $30-50 staying at this place as opposed to another O'Hare area hotel, and in the future that savings wouldn't be worth it to me. Won't stay there again.	
Apr 5 2009 	they charged me for parking!!!	I made my reservation online and there was no information about the charge for parking. When I went to the hotel, they told me that I have to pay 8 dollars for parking. I told them that I have not seen any information about this charge online, but they still wanted me to pay for that. Of course, I had no choice to go to another hotel since it was already late. It was a rip off. DO NOT go there. The hallway to my room was smelling weird!!!	
Mar 30 2009 	My Red digital camera got stolen by the room service!!!!!	This is the worst place I ve ever stayed!Room services checked out my stuff without my permission and my camera was stolen!My bag was unzipped too! and now they are saying that once I signed the paper to stay there, they are not responsible for it! How in the world this happend?! I am so pissed off and Im gonna accuse of this case!	
Mar 3 2009 	Only one problem....Bugs!	At first it seamed like a decent hotel. The free breakfast was good, the shuttle was very fast dropping us off at O'hare and picking us up. But on the flight to our vacation I started noticing bumps on my legs they started then and only got worse. I later found out they were bites from BED BUGS!	
Feb 22 2009 	Front Desk Help Are Thieves	We booked the Park &amp; Fly rate for a night before flying to Mexico. The room was dirty and had obviously been broken into since the door frame was repaired. Our stay was pretty quiet. It wasn't until we returned from Mexico that we discovered that a hotel employee had stolen our credit card number. While we were in Mexico someone was running around having a good time at other hotels in Chicago: The 'W' Lakeshore and the Aloft O'Hare. We were hit for nearly $1200. The O'Hare Garden was uncooperative in our efforts to catch the thief and we still don't know which employee took the information. For those who are wondering why we know it was an employee of this hotel, it was the only place we used the card in Chicago that the card left our sight. Watch your card activity if you stay here.	
Dec 22 2008 	Very Good and Nice Hotel	After reading a lot of bad reviews on this website I was panicked about choosing this hotel, but to my surprise this hotel was great! Clean, comfortable bed, good location, very friendly staff, NO bad smell, NO cockroaches! I stayed for 7 nights. Near to train station CTA (5 to 8 min. walking), restaurants, supermarket, airport (O'Hare). This is a very nice and cheap hotel for those who wants to go as a tourist. ; )	
Nov 27 2008 	Cheap room - met my expectations	I've read a handful of reviews on here and I think the angry people are kind of funny -- *what* are you expecting for under $50/nt on O'Hare? If you're expecting something as nice as a Holiday Inn Express, etc., you're fooling yourself. Think about it.This place is *fine*. The sheets &amp; towels were clean, the bed was very comfortable, the carpets were clean, the room had coffee service, an ironing board/iron, a stocked fridge ($) and an empty one. The bathroom was clean and the air conditioning/heating unit worked. I felt safe, and I felt my car was safe outside. For fifty bucks, that's all I both want and expect.Yes - the shower will fluctuate while you're showering - be ready for that. And yes, the walls/furniture are worn. But the room itself is functional - so it's just fine. You can tell that the owners are trying to make a shabby/worn motel into something nicer. Rome wasn't built in a day, and I thought that what they've done so far has been nice, though it's clear they still have a long way to go.We were in a room near the lobby so we had a weak internet signal. It would have been nice to have full internet in the room, no doubt. Still, at least there's some type of access in the motel.Never used the restaurant or pool. Didn't use the shuttle either. We did, however, walk 10 minutes to the train. We figure that we saved a nice bit of money avoiding downtown parking by using the train, so we were pleased with that. We took the train back late - arrived at the station at midnight, and we felt safe walking back to the motel (we certainly weren't the only ones who got off at that spot and walked &quot;home&quot; - and everyone was normal-looking; no scary people).We chose this location because of its proximity to the train and to O'Hare. In terms of both, this can't be beat. Especially for the price.Don't fear this place - just don't expect anything beautiful. It's functional. If you don't plan to spend time in your room, you'll be quite satisfied.	
Nov 24 2008 	I would think twice	Stayed in the hotel for three nights while attending a training in Chicago. Only reason I booked it is because my company wanted me to go cheaply. The hotel rooms are the type that you definitely don't want to walk around without shoes on. Ceiling in the bathroom had mold on it and had spots that the texture was coming off. This is the first time in my life that I was hesistant to stay in a hotel.Their website leads you to believe that some of the rooms have WiFi and rooms have wired connectivity. But in reality WiFi is only available in the lobby, restaurant and restaurant. There was no method of connecting through wired means as the website specifically states. Hotel staff could use a personality and a few training sessions. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Even though it is cheap I do not feel it is worth it.	
Oct 20 2008 	Not recommended	Couldn't pass up the CheapTickets price for this hotel - but - yuck. It has a very odd atmosphere - as if someone is trying to spiff it up, but stopped in the middle of the project. Our room was clean enough, but not sparkling - and very shabby. Old mattress and scratchy sheets - hairdryer torn off the wall - minibar only about half-full - untrained and pretty unaccommodating stuff - lousy restaurant. &quot;Fitness center&quot; with four ancient cardio machines - no TV, no towels, no water.If you do end up staying here - very, very good Thai food across the street - also decent Chicago pizza directly opposite the hotel. Close to the train - close to the airport - reasonably quiet - and felt safe. But - yuck.	
Oct 8 2008 	Honest review--you get what you pay for!	The hotel is not in the greatest of neighborhoods in my opinion, and drinks in the bar were expensive ($5 for a beer!). They &quot;lost&quot; one of our group's room reservations (we had booked three rooms)--luckily they had brought the paperwork with the confirmation #! The only close (walking distance) dinner options are Hooters, a mom &amp; pop hot dog place across the street, or Outback Steakhouse next door. The rooms seemed clean; however, one of the rooms in our group had a nauseating stale cig smell in it. No bar of soap in any of the bathrooms--had to use the shampoo to wash hands with in our room. One of the ice machines was broken--had to walk clear across the hotel to find one that worked. Between the trains and all the traffic on the expressway next to the hotel, it was quite noisy all through the night. The restaurant in the hotel was deserted at dinnertime--didn't see any wait staff--that's why we went out to eat. Staff was pleasant at check in; however upon our return, we had to wait over an hour for our shuttle to pick us up from the airport. The person we spoke with on the phone was VERY rude, stating they had &quot;alot&quot; of people needing picked up that night--basically telling us to deal with it. The driver of the shuttle is a very nice guy--this wasn't his fault. The shuttle is a little worse for the wear, but it's sufficient for it's purpose. The rude lady we spoke with also wanted us to walk to the opposite end of the airport for pickup when actually, we just needed to walk about a block down to the shuttle bus pickup/dropoff area. No one told us this fact, so we had to figure it out ourselves after waiting outside for over an hour searching for our shuttle. Luckily one of the guards at the airport was helpful in pointing us in the right direction. Our flight didn't get in until approx 10:30 pm, and by the time we got our luggage and waited over an hour, it was about midnight before we got back to the hotel and our vehicle for the long 3 hour drive home that night. Won't be doing this again! Stressful end to an otherwise relaxing vacation. :-(	
Sep 13 2008 	Close to O'Hare	Since the O'Hare Hilton where I used to stay is now almost $400 a night I thought it best to check other places. I had a flight leaving at 5:30 a.m. so I needed a hotel that had a 24 hour shuttle near the airport. A friend mentioned a site called Parksleepfly. I didn't have a rental car but I found this site wonderful because it listed what hours the shuttles ran. It was listed at $89 but in fact it turned out to be $125 and change after all those taxes that Chicago has. This hotel once was a Holiday Inn and is only 2 stories. The outside is ordinary and the inside has been updated and was very clean. The room (smoking, which is getting harder to find) was spacious, king bed, several lamps, cable/pay movies, there was a shower/bathtub (bathtubs seen to be starting to disappear in many hotels). There was a small fridge, ironing board/iron and coffee pot etc. The bed was very comfortable, the room was clean. The room has a large picture window with drapes. the window is actually 3 windows, the narrower ones on the ends open, I checked and sure enought one wasn't locked so I locked it and made sure the lock worked since I was on the ground floor facing the parkinglot.The phone had a wake up call button which does not work and I wasn't able to make a long distance call until I went to the front desk and mentioned it to the clerk who quickly fixed that and took my wake up call time.There is a restuarant/bar combo that is open til 10:00. I had dinner and must say it was fast service, good food (french onion soup and a 10oz. N.Y. strip steak, and of course 2 glasses of pinot noir), as I remember the bill was around $42 (grats were not included).There is &quot;Hooters&quot; right next door if you're into that.Although the shuttle was showing age it ran just fine and the drivers were friendly and loaded and unloaded my baggage. The hotel does NOT have one of the convenice phones to pick up to call the shuttle so it was a good thing I had their phone number with me.Hope this help! Happy traveling!	
Sep 8 2008 	Crabby Wife	On a positive note the staff here was pleasant. This hotel is very dirty ,smells bad and has the most uncomfortable bed I have ever tried to sleep in. There was mold in the bathroom and in the ice machine. The carpet was dirty and all the walls were scuffed up.I should have demanded a refund when I saw the room .My extremely crabby wife slept in her street clothes because she was afraid there might be bugs in the bed.	
Aug 20 2008 	Dont ever try this!!!	We had been there for a night stay. The Hotel was a greatest disappointment of all those we had stayed till now. The bathroom was unclean. The shower curtains had been there for ages I guess. They were old and shrunk so that all the water from the shower can come out. The toilet flushes in a way that all the water during each flush spills out. So imagine the condition of the bathroom? Its flooded with water after a flush and shower so that it becomes a lake inside the bathroom which comes out to the room. The coffee maker does not have a plug point near it so each time u make coffee you have to carry the coffee maker near the TV stand and plug it. Thank God its a one night stay. The hotel was a totally horrible and a waste of money.	
Aug 19 2008 	Not Ready to Recommend	The Chicago O'Hare Garden Hotel offered a *really* great room rate and they aren't that far from O'Hare or the Blue Line train. We didn't need to be close to downtown or North Side, so we thought it'd be a good deal.The hotel is old and a lot of it is run down. The hall carpets are dirty. The walls in the hall are scuffed and need paint. A lot of the fixtures around the hotel are new and very modern, though. It's like we stayed there while they were in the middle of a long, slow upgrade to the property.Our room was a pleasant surprise. It looks like our room had been recently remodeled. The walls were clean and the decor looked fairly new. Our king-size bed was *very* comfortable and the pillows were nice and fluffy. The hotel's van policy is about the best I've ever experienced and their drivers are friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. They'll drive you to and from the airport, to and from the L station nearby, as well as to many nearby facilities, such as the FedEx Kinkos if you need to work.There is no site-wide internet in the hotel. There's no high-speed internet in the rooms, only a very slow WiFi hub in the lobby. There's no business center and working there on the lobby while sitting on one of the sofas is pretty difficult.On checking in, the desk clerk gave us the card key to the room next to ours, which was occupied. A hotel has a basic responsibility to try and ensure that your things are somewhat safe and a mistake like this on check-in does not help me feel like this hotel takes this responsibility seriously.After we'd settled into our room, we noticed that our room smelled like a pet had relieved itself on the carpet.The shower in our room had hot and cold running water -- often at about the same time. The water temp varied greatly while we took showers going quickly from warm to cold to hot.It looks to me like the current owners of this hotel are in the process of making this a nice, little garden hotel, but for me, right now, I think this hotel has quite a bit more to go before I can recommend it, even as a budget or value hotel.	
Aug 17 2008 	Great hotel for the money!	First off, do not use booking.com to book this hotel. Didn't know it, but they are in Europe. Very hard to reach. I used Orbitz (when I found that booking.com really did not have a reservation for us when they said they did) when they had a 20% special and got the room for $60/night.First the good: Hotel staff was very friendly. The room was very clean and nice. It was in a safe neighborhood with a pizza shop across the street, along with Hooters right next door. They also have the Bistro on the first floor, but we did not eat at any of those during our stay. The bed was comfortable and the A/C worked great. Bathroom was clean and the room included a hair dryer and an iron and ironing board was stored in the closet. We got free continental breakfast for the first 2 nights (they did not tell us that it would not be for the entire stay, so you have to ask). The maids did a great job every day cleaning the rooms. There was a 15 minute walk to the blue line that took you into the city, and about a 15 minute walk to the grocery store. The shuttle from the airport was free, however, they do need to replace it. It was comical to see the jalopy coming down to pick us up amongst all the beautiful vans from other hotels. We were there on vacation so we just brushed it off and laughed about it. It took them 25 minutes to get there after we called. But there is a place to sit down in the airport, so we ate breakfast while we waited.Now the bad: Well, the van was in poor shape, but the drivers were very helpful. We stayed on the 2nd floor where it was easier to go up the flight of steps than take the elevator and walk down the hallway. The swimming pool was out of service and they didn't know if it would get fixed. The shower head was great (there were 2), but the temperature of water would flucuate. The lighting in the room was very dim even with all the lights on. They had a fridge in the room, but it was one that you purchased items from instead of allowing you to use it for snacks and such. There were no &quot;do not disturb&quot; signs so the maid came to the room daily (we are the few that don't like that service), but they did a great job cleaning. If you like ESPN, then this is the hotel for you. There are like 4 channels of ESPN, so we found it hard to find something to watch at night. USA was our choice. Free HBO too, but the movies playing stunk. But of course that was not the hotels' fault at all though.I would definitely stay there again. For the money, this was a great little hotel with the things we were looking for. Hopefully they will put some money into the pool and get it open. NOTES ON THE CITY: MUST DO: If you didn't drive, GET A CTA pass!! It was our best friend during our stay. It takes you on all the &quot;L&quot; trains, and the busses. The city is easy to get around if you have a map. But be prepared to walk and wait for traffic to cross at all the crossings. Lot's of bicyclists, pedestrians, taxis and busses. Figure about $15 per person for each meal. Take a speedboat or agricultural tour on the SeaDog (I actually purchased a buy one / get one on Ebay). Shop the Magnificent Mile. Go to the zoo in Lincoln Park for FREE. See the Chicago Cultural center for FREE. Millenium Park is FREE (concerts there too) There are many FREE things to do. Google &quot;Free Things to do in Chicago&quot;. You will be amazed.We loved the Chicago style hotdog ($4 each), but not too thrilled on the deep dish (sorry Chicago, but our pizzas are better). Plus you pay $18 for a small deep dish (feeds 2 people). Our best meal (and cheapest) came from a small Italian restaruant near Randolph Street. The meal came with bread, salad and a pasta dish all for $22. That's for 2 of us. OH YEA... CHICAGO TAXES EVERYTHING. UP TO 13.25% on clothing. OUCH!!! Have a great stay. We did!!	
Aug 14 2008 	its perfect	i booked online with booking.com because they offered a great price, i saw that the hotel was near the airport and had a free shuttle. i got off the plane, called the hotel to see where to meet the shuttle. i literally walked maybe a block, across the street and the shuttle was there within minutes. it was short drive back to the hotel, and check in was easy. i had dinner in the hotel restaurant and was pleased. the next morning, i got my wake up call and caught the 530am shuttle back to the airport. it was all smooth sailing for me. i work in a big named hotel in hawaii, and although this place wasnt as beautiful, it was perfect for a layover in chicago. i didnt feel like the room was dirty, or did i ever feel unsafe. they were just really nice and helpful! i would stay here again.	
Jul 21 2008 	Don't Do this to yourself!	We waited at O'Hare for 90 min. for the hotel shuttle. It was very hot and the driver was cranky and mean. We got to the hotel and had to carry our luggage up about 10 stairs-the elevator doesn't go to all of the second floor. The room numbers were scribbled in pencil on the wallpaper next to the doors. Upon entering, the lampshade was full of holes and the wallpaper was peeling and discolored. The bathroom was full of black mold and the shower fixtures were falling off the wall and rusted. The pool was out of service-full of dirt and leaves. It did not look like they were fixing it. We took many pictures to document all this-we did leave. I would never recommend this place to anyone.	
Jul 18 2008 	Needs a little work but not too bad.	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. For the amount of time we spent in the room, it was a good stay. The room was clean, quiet and relatively cozy. The bed was wonderful after walking 50 miles in Chicago. The bathroom could use a little help, and when someone flushes a toilet and your in the shower, you are going to get burned. The employees were ok for the most part, and the restaurant was not wonderful....food was pricey for what is was. The free continental breakfast was not great but it was something to tied you over before going out for the day. It was a good place to stay for a few days and a nice place to lay your head after a long day of sight-seeing. I would probably stay there when we go back next year, if the price is right.	
Jun 16 2008 	nice stay but unauthorized charges	I stayed at this hotel for about a week and booked the stay at travelocity website and cheapticket site.However, I found a charge of over $100 bucks in my credit card it was charged for my last one day stay . I have already payed and booked the room on travel site.I called the hotel and the accounting agent says it was a charge for my second hotel stay. I told her it was booked on cheapticket site and paid already and later she says yeahhhhh I will refund you but for two days I saw no refund. I feel certain they will give me the refund for their unauthorized charge.Anyway, Becareful and make sure you check your credit card statement for any over charge or unauthorized charge if you stay at this hotel.They should know what they are doing and make sure before the over charge a customer.nice stay but bad expereince.	
May 28 2008 	CS exam stay	My husband and I stayed here for my husband's CS exam. We booked it through exam website &amp; 2 weeks in advance. We checked out the reviews only couple of days before our exam day. We were double minded after reading the bad reviews but didn't have a choice as we will lose some money if we cancel the booking in the last minute so we took a chance.Pros:1]The hotel is only couple of blocks away from the test center 2] They have a shuttle service to drop you off at the test center and pick up (from air-port also) (we didn't use it coz we drove down to Chicago)3] Bistro(&amp; guy in bistro) is nice - they say breakfast is continental but it has regular cereal/bagles/juice/coffee4] parking5] Close to other eating joints &amp; HIP mall (average mall)Cons:1] You have to carry your own baggage to your rooms2] Internet is accessable only in the hallways/lobby - so don't leave the exam prep. on your laptop. Have a paper copy.3] Water in the shower has bursts ...suddenly hot water comes out of your shower so be careful!!4] No room service (for food and stuff) you have to order over the phone &amp; pick it up from the bistro or eat over there5] House keeping people --they start early but we left the don't disturb sign out so no knocks untill noon6] I felt like my door is being opened whenever my neighbour opened/closed his door7] Most annoying was the a/c - stopped working in middle of the night..I had to get up and decrease the temp. as it was hot day/night8] Old hotel under renovations (may be under loss too that's why short staffed)Overall our experience was OK you get what you pay for. My husband had a goodnight rest (which is good for his test). I would suggest this hotel to other exam takers but pl ask for rooms on the side where renovations are not done when you book your room (so that you can get a goodnight sleep!)	
May 19 2008	Cheap Clean Stay	First, thanks for all the reviews already posted. We just got back from a Chicago trip and we stayed here taking a chance. It is in a good location near the Cumberland metro stop which is about a 10 minute walk. 40 minute ride to downtown. They offer free parking and a free breakfast in the Bistro consisting of cereal, bagels and stuff like that. The lobby was nice and the room itself was okay. The decor did need some updating in the hallways, but the room was clean and cheap. No bugs. I would offer up this advice. First, put the do not disturb on your door. The cleaning ladies start early. I went out to run in the local neighborhood a few times at 7:30am and they were already coming our way. Second, the elevator did smell of roach spray so I imagine they have an issue with that. Overall, I would recommend because of the free parking, easy access to public transportation and cost.	
May 17 2008 	No Wake Up Call	The only problem w/the hotel is we never received our wake up call and the alarm clock didn't work. We had an early 6am flight and if we wouldn't have woken up on our own, we would have missed our flight to Mexico!	
May 2 2008 	Not bad for the $	We booked our stay through Stay123 Travel.com. They were easy to deal with. Replied promptly to our e-mails. We stayed at this motel because of the price and shuttle service to O'Hare. Check in was pleasant. Our room was ok. Clean and fairly comfortable beds. Nothing fancy, just the bare basics which is ok with us for one night. Shuttle service on time and very friendly. Walking distance to Hooter's and only a block away from Outback. Parking seems to get tight so we just left our car in our parking spot and walked to Hooters for our dinner. We would stay here again for an early flight to O'Hare.	
Apr 24 2008 	Awful	Stayed at the hotel for one night In November 2007 to avoid long flights in one day. Wanted somewhere cheap as we were arriving late evening and leaving early morning. Even that was too long in this hotel. Whilst it was cheap it was totally disgusting so much so that I checked the bed before getting into it and did not use the shower because the shower curtain had mould and the bathroom needed a complete renovation and clean. Dont be fooled by the pictures of the lobby it goes very down hill from there. We ended up arriving at the airport 4 hours before our flights the following morning just to avoid spending anymore time in this awful hotel. The staff just don't care. The hotel needs to closed down. The worst I have ever stayed in.	
Apr 1 2008 	Hotel was nice... then we found roaches.	I stayed there for one night 3/31/08 so for the price I wasnt expecting too much. The hotel lobby was very clean and big. The staff was polite. Our room was average. Was clean and had new wallpaper, but our door was (what I felt) not &quot;secure&quot; compared to other hotels Ive stayed at. You had to close the door then put your body weight into it to make sure its all the way shut. And was very scuffed up and had dirty marks on it. I was overall &quot;ok&quot; with the room.... until we came back to the hotel after 2am. I went to the bathroom to shower and when I got out the first thing I noticed was a roach on the sink. I ran to my bag to take a pic of it. Killed it, and was done with it and went to watch tv. 20 mins later I went to the bathroom to pee and I see another roach running up the wall. He too got the same fate as his friend. The only other plus was the room next to us had loud people.. (we had one of those rooms that had a door that connected to their room) and the door was about a half inch short on the bottom so we could hear every conversation and the annoying girls high pitched horse laugh. Needless to say, I didnt get to bed until 4:30am.Overall the room is ok, but the bathrooms are gross. The bathroom had peeling wallpaper and water stains. Under the sink/vanity the floor has darker spots and there was about a half inch gap between the framing base boards and the floor tiles. Judging by the grossness of the gap, I would think thats where they came from. I wouldnt stay there again. The roaches killed it for me.	
Mar 13 2008 	Hated it...	After a very long trip, I called the hotel for the shuttle - no problems there - I had all my luggage when we left the airport. I arrived at the hotel wih 2 small children - the kichen was closed - no room service after 9:00pm. The room was ok, but the door to the room was not what I would rate as secure. There was knocking by the hotel staff early in the morning - woke us up - housekeeping....when I arrived home, I realized we were 1 carry on short ...I have called several times since and it is still missing...The staff was &quot;civil&quot; at best. NEVER AGAIN at this hotel. Best part of the experience was the bartender of the Bistro - I had to walk down to the Bistro to order food because our phone would not work - only to find out the kitchen had closed - but he was nice.The free continental breakfast was nothing to write home about either...I am usually laid back about my stays, but this experience was appalling.	
Mar 6 2008 	Not So Bad	The room was clean with all the basic amenities. The water pressure in the shower was a bit lacking. The lobby area and restaurant areas are very nice. However the rest of the rooms and hallways could definitely use a fresh coat of paint, some new wall paper and carpet. Other than that it was a pretty comfortable stay.	
Jan 25 2008 	Great value hotel! No problems despite negative comments from others	We were really worried about booking a room here based on the comments made by previous guests. But we were pleasantly surprised. Don't be hestitant to stay here because the price is so low. There is no catch. We arrived at the airport, called the hotel and they picked us up in 20 minutes. They have two shuttles to the airport every hour. The hotel is a bit run down, but the staff is friendly and helpful. Our room was spacious and clean, room 230. There was no mould anywhere, the water pressure was okay, and we could not hear the airplanes. When we wanted to go downtown, they dropped us off at the Cumberland subway station. It's walkable, but not when it's so cold outside! The continental breakfast that was included is full of cereals, fruits, bread and pastries. And it's open from 6-11am!	
Jan 19 2008 	pleasent stay	After reading the reviews I was expecting worse, however the hotel gave me what I paid. The only point is that the hotel is old, but the personnel and front desk were kind, shuttle service was on time. The breakfast was simple but clear and fresh and you can also order. Room was clean, there was some problem with the ceiling of the bathroom as said but it is not dripping and was not a problem as long as you dont stare at the ceiling. the minibar was full and the prices were affordable. I faced a problem with the heater of the room (it was noisy) and my room was changed when I called for help.The hotel was in walking distance to the cumberland station of blue line and the downtown was in half an hour distance.When compared to its price I was satisfied with my stay; my score is 3,5-4 / 5	
Jan 18 2008	sounds like it have improved when i was there	I stayed there for 2 nites, they said that they had flooding on the ground floor and were not using those rooms until they we done and they are the smoking, after reading all the posts, i said oh no what have i done. I mostly stay at best westerns when i travel. i completly checked the room before i decided to stay. I have to say it was very clean, no the carpet in the room isn't new but was fine it wasn't worn through or anything like that. Yes they have an elevator and then some steps but no big deal, they brought them to our door all you have to do is ask.. I didn't see any mold. They said it used to be a howare johnsons and they are updating. They have a blow dryer, a coffee, 2 fridges, only thing cable goes at 12 forgot to ask about that. It's close to the airport, and yes you can hear some noise but it just sounded like the heater was on nothing intolerable. They will let you stay up to one hour after check out. For the price i was really suprised like i said i was so worried, we ate at the resturant nest door. it was fine. the shuttle was on time and i needed to go to the grocery store and it wasn't on the 1/2 hour and they took us anyway, we used the blue line and got off at the wrong stop and the picked us up. On our first time being in chicago. we didn't know if you get a day pass you can use it on the bus and the blue line, The only reason i wouldn't use the hotel again is i didn't realize it was so far from down town, cab was 32 dollars until we learned about the blue line it's cheap but kind of a long ride, then you get off at your stop and take the bus the to downtown just a few blocks. So we learned that next time to stay closer and buy the bus passes you can get a 24 hour or more time. Oh and we didn't get scalded in the shower. So again the only reason i wouldn't stay is because it was to far from downlown, As for the Airport it would be perfect. So all in all we had a nice stay	
Jan 4 2008 	Worst experience	This is the worst experience we've ever experienced. The 1st night we stayed my husband realized there was mold all over the cieling and also the edges of the shower. While showering the water went from scolding hot to ice cold. I couldn't dry my hair cause the outlets wouldn't work properly. Then we asked to be moved to another room they did, but the problems remained and eventually got worse, the entrance light went out. There was still mold on the cieling but not as bad. The night before we checked out there was loud guest next door when I went to use the phone it didn't work. I had to use my cell phn, then I heard a mouse but didn't see it. While we were getting dressed the mouse had made it's way from the room next door into ours. My husband saw it while I was getting my 2 small children dressed!	
Nov 26 2007	Worst Hotel Ever - Do Not Stay Here!	I would never recommend this hotel. It is by far one of the lowest quality hotels I have ever stayed, even with the lower rate. One night at this hotel was one night too many.	
Nov 26 2007 	Not what expected	Wish I had a camera. Would I stay again - perhaps if I got a really, really low rate.IF you go please check the bathroom ceiling, if it is flaking some may drop on you when you shower.Internet is free - but must ask for password at front desk &amp; can't log in using firefox.Will probably need to go up &amp; down stairs to get to room ,don't expect to use luggage cart entire way to room.You can request the real fridge &amp; microwave if they aren't in your room, but don't hold your breath. Every room does have the mini bar fridge already there.Take earplugs for the traffic, train &amp; plane noise.I would avoid the breakfast.. only word to describe was eeeewwww!The gym was not convenient to get to &amp; has limited hours &amp; take your own towels.Bed was comfy. Was fun to watch bunnies in the courtyard. Cable was good. Staff was quick to give second room when requested.	
Nov 5 2007 	surprizingly pleased	It is a pleasure to mention that the staff at the front desk handles problems very professionally. On the day of my departure I missed my flight due to a small mistake, and with the help of the manager, Susie Wyers, my problem was solved and compensated for. For the rest of my stay the service was excellent and the people were very friendly.	
Oct 22 2007 	Danger Will Robinson!!!!	I arrived at the hotel, and I thought it matched the description from the hotels.com website and their photos as well. As I am walking down the corridor to my assigned room, there was a large amount of disrepair evident. The room was acceptable, for a Motel6! The room I got was NOT the room shown in the photos (okay, maybe it was ten years ago)The next morning, after a night of bad sleep caused by some sort of ruckus in the parking lot, I got to take a shower, but THERE WAS NO HOT WATER!!!! After running the tap for about ten minutes, the temp reached tepid... not even lukewarm.I get dressed and go to the front desk to complain. I am told the &quot;storm knocked out&quot; the hot water but it should be coming up soon. Well, my flight was soon so I check out. I asked about a partial refund, but they were not about to even offer me a free breakfast in their bar/restaurant. I had been told the airport shuttle ran every half hour (at 00 &amp; 30 ) and I notice one leaving while I am talking to them. I asked if it was leaving early at 7:22. They replied it was actually running &quot;10 to 15 minutes late&quot; - looked more like 22 minutes to me! There was another van, but no driver. I finally made it to the airport (a 10 minute drive) and thru security with about 15 minutes before they boarded my flight. This hotel is terrible, STAY AT AT ALL COST!!!	
Oct 20 2007	Halloween Horror Nights at Chicago Garden	This is the most nasty hotel I have seen. The lobby its horrible they have a broken sofa at the lobby migth as well sit at the floor,NASTY carpets on the Hallways and In the Rooms they look like never been clean. The Rooms have Mildew and also smell realy bad. The blanket's and bed spreads are just nasty bad smell and they look dirty. The Shuttle to Airport are Terrible very discusting very dirty and smell Horrible. Garbage on the floor and the carpets from the Shuttle WOW!!!! Coke 1.00 dollars, Train 2.00 dollars , Staying at this DUMP PRICE LESSStaff was rude. Housekeeping very rude ...NEVER AGAIN	
Oct 12 2007 	Great Value and Location!	This hotel needs some adjustments but the location was awesome (1 block away from the blue line station and to get to HOOTERS you just need to pass hotel's parking lot :) The room was clean and quite big. Breakfast was OK - standard continetal breakfast (cereal, jelly, cream cheese, bread, muffins etc...) There were two things that I didn't like - the Internet wasn't free and there was no fan in the bathroom. Other than that it wah clean, the staff was nice and helpful and we didn't have to wait for the shuttle more than 20 minutes. Good Value for cheap price. If I visit Chiago again I'll stay there for sure.	
Oct 11 2007 	Good hotel for the price	I booked and paid for this hotel before I read the reviews. I have to admit, I was expecting the worse and was very pleasantly surprised with the hotel. Granted it is a bit worn down but at $100 per night, I was not expecting the Ritz Carleton. I was in town with my daughter to watch a family member run the Chicago marathon. Other family members stayed down on Michigan Ave where hotels were gouging their patrons. This hotel was very close to a train stop and the hotel shuttle dropped us off and picked us up with no problem. The staff at the hotel were all pleasant. Upon leaving the hotel, I realized that I had left my briefcase. Within minutes of calling the hotel, the briefcase was found, boxed up and sent next day air. Given the price and convenience, I would stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 28 2007 	Disgusting	Worst hotel stay ever. Dirty and run down. Halls had holes in the walls (they called it remodeling - appeared to be general disrepair). Room we booked was &quot;not available&quot;. The room we were given had two beds - both unmade and slept in. The second room was dirty, run down and the mattress had a sunken hole in the center. Front desk staff was indifferent. Phone number we were given to call for airport pick up was printed incorrectly on the card and there was no answer. Shuttle that was to run every 30 mins came once in 1.5 hours. Shuttle door did not work and we had to climb over front seats and passengers to sit in the back. Even if the price is right, would highly recommend staying somewhere else.	
Aug 22 2007 	Great location and staff	We choose this hotel because they said it was close to the train. We were taking our family to the cubs game. When we arrived the staff was extremly helpful and friendly. They answered all our questions. The train is so close to go to downtown. My wife was surprised to see how clean the hotel was. We would diffenetly return	
Aug 22 2007 	Great Hotel Location 	I Got a Great rate through Expedia which was Only the beginning. This Hotel is at a Great Locatioon, So close to O'Hare Airport &amp; just seconds from the train station b/c I had to go downtown everyday. The Free breakfast buffet is Great &amp; the Internet was Free &amp; fast. Definitely coming back here Again &amp; Again. i recommend it to All.	
Apr 16 2007 	It's a toss up to stay here	My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights to see the Quilt show. It was convenient to the convention center and the CTA trains, assuming you could get the hotel to get you there and back. We took the shuttle 5 times and 2 of them were horrible. We waited for almost 50 minutes for a pickup at 10:30 PM from the airport upon arriving on a flight and another 50 minutes when we got back from down town, despite calling when we were still on the train 15 minutes from the station. The other 3 attempts all went off without a hitch.Our room, unlike some other members reported, was clean, right near the front desk and was apparently one of the ones re-done. Bed was comfortable, but shower was not designed well, so leaked water on the floor. Maybe we sleep harder than others, but our room was right by the parking lot and we didn't hear any outside noise. (maybe this was part of re-doing the room?)Buffet was also very so-so. Food not hot, barely warm. Only scrambled eggs, eggs with peppers and onions, bacon, sausage and soggy french toast. They had some cold cereals available, pastries, bagels, and coffee and tea. We each got 1 free buffet after complaining about the long waits for the shuttle. I can't say people at the hotel didn't care, but there was some OBVIOUS lack of communications between the number you call and the drivers.For outside food, there is a Hooters right next door as well as a fabulous Thai restaurant 2 short blocks from the hotel. We ate there the second night and it made the shuttle problems melt away.	
Apr 15 2007 	!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!RUN LIKE SPEEDY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	The front desk help was excellent! The service they offered us was quite impeccable. However, I requested a smoking room yet to receive a non-smoking room. the air conditioner did not work, the bathrrom was dirty and there were only two towels in the bathroom. Furthermore, there urine stains on the toilet and the floor was covered with hair.The room was way too small for the price we paid. We demanded a transfer to a cleaner, larger room. And upgrade to what? This is an understatement. From what? A motel 6? The location The location is accessible to the freeway but due to construction work you will have to travel atleast 1 hur just ot make it through the nightmare of getting to the downtown area.I do not recomend my mother-in-law to stay here! Be like Speedy Gonzalez, yelling at the top of your lungs and run like hell!	
Apr 14 2007 	This is Not A Wyndham Hotel Stop Selling this as a Wyndham	I just went to the hotel las Saturday to get a room. The show me room 147, the boxspring had wires sticking out no cover what so ever the carpet was so dirty the hotel it's just nasty. The hallways are filthy and who ever did the &quot;renovation&quot; on those stair need to be fired. After seen the fiith in this property I did not take the room. After that I call Wyndham and the hotel does not show up on the computer they got kick out by wyndham But they still deceiving the customers by telling them they are a Wyndham property. Please Do not SELL THIS HOTEL AS A WYNDHAM they have no name....	
Mar 16 2007 	Stay Elsewhere	I stayed here for 3 nights on a business trip. Outside of a meager buffet breakfast, the food I had in the dining room was overpriced and poor. The &quot;renovation&quot; other reviewers have talked about for months has made little progress. The printer for the public computer was out of order. The room was so close to I-90 and the train that it was very hard to sleep at all. To top it off, in the middle of one night the hotel staff were trying to break down the door of the next room for a guest because their key did not let them back in. The clerk at the desk just laughed when contacted.	
Feb 8 2007 	Cold rooms cold water	I was staying at the hotel for three nights and actually cut my trip short to two nights. The rooms did have nice beds but, thats about all.My room was very cold and the heat would not work. I turned the heat on at 5am and waited until 7am and my room was still cold. I called the front desk and they said they would have some one come up to the room. No one came to the room and i had to leave for a show.I got baack six hours later the room was still cold so I called back down to the front desk and was told that &quot;the building is old and when it gets cold and windy the top floor is hard to heat&quot;. I then asked for the desk manager who told me some one would be up, never happend.Not only was the room cold but the water for the bath was cold as well. I could not get hot water for the shower or the bath so, I had to heat up water with my in room coffe pot!	
Jan 26 2007 	Nice Refuge When Stranded in Chicago!		
Nov 25 2006 	OLD Holiday Inn that needs transformation.		
Aug 30 2006 	Great big room big comfy beds. Recommend		
Jul 20 2006 	Great proximity to L Train		
May 12 2006 	Will look elsewhere next time...		
Oct 17 2005	clean and convenient		
Jul 15 2005	Water Water....WHERE?		
May 30 2005 	Great staff location and rooms		
Jun 12 2004	High Quality Room In Chicago Surburb		
Sep 25 2009 	Solo per chi desidera il servizio shuttle per l'aeroporto a prezzo basso		
Sep 23 2009 	?????		
Aug 20 2009 	Lasciate ogni speranza o voi ch'entrate		
Aug 8 2009 	imbattable		
Aug 17 2008 	Attesa 2 ore per Shuttle !!!		
