Oct 14 2009 	Bates Motel	I've stayed at some run down places all over the world, but this place takes the cake. First off it is a brothel, and filled with meth/crack heads. I have no idea how this place passes any inspections. I was going to a couple of shows at the Congress theater, and this place is the closest place to it, so I thought I'd try it out even though the reviews were bad. When we first walked in we had to talk to a guy behind a window and pay, then we were buzzed though another door where we had to go up stairs battling crack heads on the way up. When I got to my room I looked around and found out that I was sharing a bathroom with the room next door, which had some shady charactars in it. I would have never trusted my belongings in my room with only a plywood door between us. Then I sat on the bed and realized it was covered in plastic sheets under the covers. I looked at the plastic sheets and they were plastic wrap with duct tape. The sheets were also full of awsome yellow stains. Luckily we were given a refund and did not have to stay, otherwise I would probably not have been able to written this because I would have been kidnapped and sold into a lifetime of male erotic sexual slavery.	
Oct 6 2009 	Don't take the bad reviews too seriously	After reading the reviews online about this hotel, anyone would think this is a horrible place to stay. The reality, however, is that it really isn't that bad! My husband and I were pleasantly surprised by our experience here. If you're looking for a poshy place to stay, this is not it. But if you're looking for hostel quality, you'll like it here just as we did. For such a low price for a room in Chicago, this actually makes it a really good lodging option.	
Jun 2 2009 	Well I wasn't murdered in the 5 minutes that I was there.	We got into the lobby and two guys were in the reception enclosure area. One of the guys was wearing a heavy metal shirt that read psycho-something. For a double room it was only $40 so we figured we are only staying the night so no big deal, right? So we got a room key and got buzzed into the hall way and decided to take the stairs to the 4th floor (the elevator didn't look too safe). As we go up the stairs the combination of smells weird decor and sounds led me to believe that there wasn't something quite right about this place. We finally got to our floor and decided we should at least try to look at the room. The room was 408 so we got to the door and there was evidence of the door being kicked in at some point. After a few minutes we were finally able to get the door to open. It only took a look into the tiny room to realize that i wasn't wanting any part in a horror movie that night. The room had a tiny bed in it and the linens probably hadn't been washed in the last few months. The room was very dirty and there was a small sink to the right that had ants crawling in it. The room was also about 80 degrees and had very stale air. There was a fan but no AC. I would have not been able to sleep there, especially with my mind contemplating at what point the door was going to be kicked in again, me awaiting the same fate of some other poor traveler. I would have rather taken my chances sleeping on the street this particular evening.	
Apr 25 2008	Not here	This place looks more like a brothel than a hotel. The &quot;receptionist&quot; has to see every person who is going to stay before give you the key. Once you get to the room is like a puzzle to open the door. Then the room is disgusting, you'll see the rep carpet with thousands of spots, I didn't even use the bathroom afraid I would get &quot;something&quot;. You could hear everything that was going on outside. We were out of there in three hours. We drove another 40 minutes up north and stay in a better place in the suburbs for the same price.	
Oct 3 2007 	Worst experience EVER!	I travel a lot and stay in some pretty shady places but this one took the cake. Cockroaches everywhere, smells nasty, Mrs Roper receptionist, doubles as brothel, dirtiest hotel I have every seen, broken doors, old food that looked like a mix of cigarette butts and corn in the plant in front of our door, fat shirtless white trash guy maintenance man with a knife on his belt, no towel or soap in bathroom, brown bloodstained shower. The guy who showed us our room asked if we were having a &quot;party&quot;We checked out quicker than it took for us to check in and they wouldn't give us our money back until the boss showed up the next day so we had to take a special cab ride back to the place. We explained to the local Cab driver that we refused to stay there because we didn't want to wake up to someone with a knife over our bed. The cab driver said...&quot;if you stay there, you're lucky if you even wake up at all.Don't stay here.	
Jul 19 2007 	Milshire has character but not Ritzy	This place does seem older but it has charcter like the Chelsea without all the famous guests. Being a tourist I did feel uncomfortable sleeping and I didn't like leaving the key at the desk when we left.. We were attending a concert at the Double Door.	
Nov 30 2006 	Disgusting	When we got there, we had to choose a room with a &quot;private bath&quot;. The receptionist is hidden behind a glass wall, the announcements on the walls are written with a pen and she has to buzz you in to get into the hotel lobby. The place smells bad, the elevator is probably the original (1930's?).When we got to the room it took us 5 minutes to open the two locks. When we removed the cover sheet, the linens were yellow and I mean spotted yellow. When I looked in a tray, on the dresser, which had our toilet paper, a couple of cockroaches where running around in circles.. When I opened the blinds, which were dusty, I couldn't see much outside because of the dust and mud that covered the windows. And also the windows are &quot;beautifully&quot;arranged with some blue duct tape. Now the bathroom. Full of cockroaches, the shower is dripping and you cannot lock the bathroom window which overlooks a scary backyard. We stayed 5 minutes in the room and we took off checking out but not before noticing the red carpet with an inch of dust and some announcements that were letting you know not to run in the hallways or &quot;no going in other people's rooms&quot;!!! I encourage you to take a look at the rooms first and ignore the other preview	
May 13 2006	Low budget and convenient	My friend and I decided to stay here for one night to attend a concert at the Congress Theatre ($48/nite). The neighborhood is kind of rundown until you turn the corner and there are these lush, posh areas. The location was convenient, access to the busline and within 15 min walking distance to where we wanted to go. There were restaurants nearby, but we did not choose to eat anywhere nearby. Safety at night may be an issue.The onsite people were very nice and hospitable. The room we stayed in was tiny, but sufficient for our needs. Bathroom had baby cockroaches (didn't bother us as long as long as they weren't bothering us). We brought our own sheets and blankets (which I think should be a must if you or your traveling buddy is a neat, sanitation freak). Rooms were equipped with a fridge and tv. Noise from the outside is loudly audible. While I slept through the night after the concert, my friend could not deal with the upstairs neighbors yelling out the window from 3-4 AM, the screeching cars, the police sirens, and the ongoing car alarms. I vaguely remember it, thinking it was part of my dream. There is metered parking in front of the hotel and after 6pm there is free parking around the corner.Overall, ok experience, but probably wouldn't stay there again unless it was very necessary.	
