Sep 20 2009 	Perfect for sleep and shower	Immediate reaction, is &quot;what a dump?&quot; But we didn't plan on staying there except for sleep and showers since we were visiting to go to the U2 concert. Desk people were nice, but don't expect to check in early. The did hang on to our luggage before check in and check out.This is way dated. The halls smell like vomit. Room was stuffy and never got cold. Knobs are preset so can't change it. Shower wasn't great. Only mirror was in the bathroom. It wasn't bad, but I would spend a little more money next time. Location is good, expect to walk a lot. It is safe!	
Sep 7 2009 	Adequate- better than it looks	This is a good place for those who want to spend a fun weekend in downtown Chicago without spending too much. I would say it is a better place for adults traveling without children, because most of those staying there when we were there (a Saturday night in summer) seemed to be there to go out to the bars, etc., and there was some noise at night from the people across the hall from us coming and going. The room was an adequate size, clean enough. The bed and pillows were not particularly comfortable &amp; I don't think they had changed the curtains since 1974. The bathroom did seem to have been renovated more recently. The little diner/cafe at the front is your best bet for breakfast- there are not many other breakfast places in this neighborhood. There are some very good restaurants and places to go out at night nearby- just up the street there is a wonderful tapas restaurant, and a couple blues clubs with really good music are also just a couple of blocks away. The location, affordable (for downtown Chicago) price, and friendly front desk clerk were the best aspects of this place.	
Jun 1 2009 	It's allright	True. It was kinda old, but all the amenities worked except for the Wi-Fi which was absent the first 2 days of my 5 day stay. The dinner is really nice, too. The hotel provides really good value for the price.	
Apr 13 2009 	What a dive!	We were very conflicted about staying in this hotel because due to the pictures on the site. It looked kinda dumpy but not too bad. Upon our arrival, we COULD NOT believe our eyes. IT WAS DISGUSTING! It was filthy, run down, unsafe looking, smelly and overall, well...disgusting! We got the key to &quot;check out the room&quot;, sat down at the falling apart rickity table and chairs that were in the room and frantically dialed other hotels in the area to beg them for an open room for the weekend. Thank goodness the RED ROOF INN on E. Ontario St. had an open room for the weekend. If anyone on here has anything good to say about this hotel BESIDES the fact that it's close to downtown, you've got to be taking crazy pills.	
Apr 10 2009 	If you want a place to pass out after a long day of sightseeing...	Ok. I had looked at all the reviews and was dubious. So, I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised. The bathroom was a bit dated, but it was VERY CLEAN. The beds were softer than I prefer, but it wasn't bad. I always travel with a clothespin, to keep the light out from the curtains, and I was glad that I did. When we came into the room, one of the lights and the refrigerator (which I wasn't even expecting!) weren't working. We called the desk to report it, took off for a quick lunch at that AWESOME McDonald's that was very close by, and when we returned, all was fixed. We found the location VERY convenient to the HardRock Cafe, Rainforest Cafe, Sports Authority, and Fogo de Chao. We felt very safe walking to and from the hotel. The desk staff was great. IF you aren't really fussy and just want a place that's clean and not too badly located, this is for you. The 156 bus goes right by, which was great for us, as we had taken the train to Chicago, and that bus goes directly to Union Station.	
Apr 8 2009 	Howard Johnson Downtown in NOISE we did DROWN!	This was the noisiest, most chaotic place I've ever stayed and in which I sought a night's sleep. Upon arrival I could not compel the WIFI to work with my computer, only to be told by the desk that it had been &quot;down&quot; with little or no interest or regard for my plight (I was trying ot communicate with work). The first night we (my daughter and I) were assigned a secon story room, quite old and a bit moldy, that turned out to be accross the street from a &quot;rave&quot; club. Oh, nightmare of nightmares! Three nights of that noise and vibration. The sescond night I tried to take my son back to his hotel (we were there to here him present a paper) I was told there might be no spot for my car when I returned. I informed the desk fellow who told me this that I had paid for the room in advance with the understanding parking was part of the deal (with WIFI, which NEVER worked, ha!). He ignored me as usual and said good luck. I did find a single space when I returned about 10pm. This place is a rediculous, even by big, cold city standards. It is OFF my list for my next stay in Chicago. My poor daughter never slept, though I think she forgave me for the error.	
Mar 15 2009 	LOVE the location but...	My husband and our 2 children spent a night here last week so we could get an early start at the Shedd Aquarium the next day. Although the rooms (we were in B1) were very small, they were very well arranged. The rooms were very clean except if you move furniture (dropped an earring) and then you might see something yellow on the wall (ewww) but who normally goes back there anyway? The water pressure was outstanding! The location was incredible - very convenient to so much really. Portillo's, Art Institute, Shedd, museums, Rock n Roll McDonalds, etc. The only issues we had were that the heater in the room was very very noisy (loud CLACK) every 30 minutes it kept the room comfortable on quite a cold night and heated up in minutes after our arrival. The front desk staff was professional and courteous. The night watchman was a little creepy. Free parking, which is a HUGE bonus in Chicago. They also had a really cute little diner attached which we didn't eat at but I'd like to try at our next stay maybe. I would describe it as &quot;no frills but perfectly acceptable&quot;, although they DID have a blowdryer, an iron, a fridge, a coffee maker, a TV, an alarm clock, a phone, a table, little shampoos, conditioners, soaps, generous number of towels, so yeah - maybe the frills were there afterall.	
Nov 25 2008 	I stayed here at a historic time in Chicago Obama became the new man	I stayed in this hotel the first week of Nov at a historic time for Chicago as a stranger in town I was suprised by the quality of the hotel, having read the reviews, I expected a drug dealer to be found dead in my bath tube, but no The staff were very friendly the room was clean and the bed was large and the price was reasonable, and I must give some praise to the staff in the restaurant out front, the food was great especially the fetta omlette	
Oct 26 2008 	good for the price and location	I booked 1 night before for under 90$it was good for the price and location. It is a short bus ride down La Salle into the Loop. The area just next to the hotel isnt the best but I still felt safe. Staff was nice and held my bags while I was in the city. Little noisy in the morning with doors closing and house keeping cleaning in the hall. Also trash pick up must be close because I heard it in the morning, If you are not a sound sleeper, it may be annoying. overall, its a good hotel, maybe should be called a motel.	
Sep 19 2008 	What a wreck!	The Staff was very cordial, that is where it ended. I have never stayed in a hotel that was as ill kept, run down and generally worn out as this one. If we had found another room anywhere in downtown, we would have left. Unfortunately, the town was completely booked. My daughter and grandaughter were bitten by bugs as they slept, The matresses were worn out, wallpaper peeling in the bathroom, carpets in the hallway and room were stained and worn....I don't understand how you could have your name on the outside of the building? I have come to expect at least a moderately standard of cleanliness and upkeep...this location makes Motel 6 look like a palace.	
Jun 15 2008 	Clean Hotel in a Good Location	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. Despite the surly attitude at the check-in desk, things went fairly smoothly and we were given a room on the third floor. The elevator is scary and old (moves slowly and feels like it might plummet to the ground at any time) so we took the stairs after the first time. The hallways aren't pretty, but we opened a door to a fair-sized room with 2 rather comfy beds. The free internet was a nice bonus, though it wasn't 100% reliable in our room (we enjoyed a flawless connection in the adjacent cafe the next morning). Bathrooms are small, but the water is hot and the pressure was good. Above all, the room was CLEAN. Location not bad - close to shops, attractions and restaurants. They also held our luggage for us free of charge after we checked out when we wanted to spend our last day in the city without lugging heavy bags around.	
Jun 1 2008 	Love at first site!	My wife and I met our friends Mike and Brenda in Chicago this past weekend. I have to say for all of us that this place was like hitting the lottery. All places we checked were really expensive and we were lucky enough to find the Howard Johnson at a very reasonable rate. Location, Location, Location! We stayed there two nights and had such a great stay in Chicago. The hotel is very clean and always had that new frebreeze scent to it. Food in area is wonderful, great entertainment close by, and transportation was awesome, you just can't beat those Chicago honking cabbies.Next stop is the Ho Jo!	
May 26 2008 	Good place central location free parking	I have stayed here 2 nights. If you look for an inexpensive place at a central location, then this is the place for you. The room is your standard motel room (I booked on their website &amp; paid only 99$/night), if a bit outdated. Parking is free, and while I was there (Thursday &amp; Friday nights) finding a free spot was never a problem. Also, I didn't worry about safety, as the staff are watching closely who is entering the premises..	
May 11 2008	Not for single female travellers!	This hotel did not feel safe to me and, as a female travelling alone, this was important. The rooms are accessed straight from the car park - which can be accessed by anyone (not just guests) from the street. I had requested a non-smoking room, but it smelt of smoke. When I reported this, they sent someone round with an air-freshner! I promtly checked out and went and stayed somewhere else!	
Apr 11 2008 	Lower what you expect to see save a ton of money	If you have read any of my reviews over the years you know I pull no punches. Upon arrival to this property if I would have immediately written a review it would be a lot different than the one I am writing. First of all, the hotel is old and certainly dated. It is not what any of us would expect but if you just relax and give the place 24 hours it is plain to see it ain't so bad! The room was as clean as any hotel I have stayed in, the rate was one third what everything else was within 40 blocks of this property, I felt safe at all times, and there was even free parking. The hotel was a short walk to some great bars and restaurants and the staff was friendly and helpful. They did have free Wi-Fi but if you were not in certain rooms it would not work but I just walked to the lobby and did my thing. I would stay here again. It saved my company $800 bucks over two nights since there were three rooms involved. Remember, just relax and give the place a little time to grown on you.	
Apr 6 2008 	This place is horrible!	We're all looking for a great deal...and I was when I booked the HoJo's on LaSalle in Chicago. But I would have much rather paid $50 more a night and not stayed in this DUMP. The exterior looks like something from the early 1960...really run down. The person at the desk had bright red (we're talking stop sign red punker) hair and had several of her kids running around the lobby. Not a real professional greeting for a hotel guest. The hallways (outside the rooms) look like a tennament house with old carpeting, dirty walls and beat up doors. Our room was spacious and the bathroom looked dated but clean. The beds felt like we were sleeping on BOX SPRINGS. My husband and I were very uncomfortable all night. There was a night club outside our (end unit) room and we could hear a lot of noise all night. The only great thing about this place is the free parking. Our friends staying in the nicer Chicago hotels were paying $40 a day to park their vehicle. But I'd rather incur that charge than stay here again. Why Howard Johnson's doesn't tear this place down and build a decent hotel in America's third/fourth largest city is beyond me.	
Nov 17 2007 	7 nights in Hojo	First time to Chicago as well as US. I went there for 7-night business. The hotel is decent, a bit old though. The bedroom is spacious with a big king size bed. The bathroom is pretty nice as well. They have a restaurant which opens in the morning up to maybe 6 PM. I tried once and it's quite good. The staffs are helpful dan courteous as far as I concern. The location is prime. It's close with train station (red, brown, and purple line), which is great for traveling. The price is quite acceptable for this hotel class.There are some problems though. The wall seems pretty thin and if you have a bad luck with noisy neighbor, it may disturb you. The AC/heater is a bit noisy. The TV is rather old but it's working properly for me. The lighting fixtures are old and unstable, but they're working and should not be an issue.All in all, it's an enjoyable experience if you plan not to spend much time in your room.	
Aug 22 2007 	Kinda shabby - but close to everything	We stayed at the Howard Johnson on a recent busy weekend in Chicago, and loved that this was downtown and close to public transportation and good food, etc. The rates were a little high, but not too bad for summer in Chicago.It's great that there's parking available, and we were lucky enough to arrive at a time (around 1 p.m. on a Friday) when there were a few spots open, although the guys that came in after me didn't get a spot. (Good luck finding something nearby!)Everyone at the front desk was nice, but from the moment you walk in, you feel like you're in the 1960s. The hotel does not seem to have been updated for decades - which is kinda quaint (and probably makes it easier to snag those good rates sometimes) - but also kinda sad.Our room was a decent size, the air conditioning worked wonderfully and housekeeping was excellent. But, just getting ice or a bottle of water made for a somewhat scary walk through dimly lit, random hallways.Overall - you won't feel like you're getting a bargain here, even if you get a dicounted rate. It's just slightly shabby. But it is in a great part of town - near a subway stop and (if you're into that sort of thing) all the touristy stuff (Ed Debevic's, Hard Rock Cafe, Pizzeria Due, etc. - and Michigan Ave. shopping too).	
Jun 1 2007 	this is value for money	I have stayed at this hotel now twice, and both times enjoyed the stay. The first time was in September 2005, I was in town for a wedding and spend 3 nights in de HoJo, after that I spend 3 nights in the Intercontinental, which I regret because the HoJo is much beter value for money. Last summer i stayed again in this place, our room was small, but clean, and right next door to the cafe which serves a good breakfast! Right next door is also a good Irish pub. Anyway if I have to book a hotel again in chicago, this will be the one! Ok it is outdated, but on the other hand not as expensive [--] the rest downtown, and also a good thing you can park your car onsite for free! The staff do rent out the parking space on saturdaynight to earn some $$ themselves, so, you can forget to get your car than because the whole paking is full.	
Apr 26 2007 	Clean safe room for good price nice convenient area	I was in Chicago for the weekend, visiting some family and meeting friends for a few days. My hope was to find a decent hotel close to the downtown area I would be going to most and not be too expensive. Most hotels in the area were outragiously high (around $300 a night). I finally found the Howard Johnson, but saw mixed reviews here and at other sites. I took the chance and was pleasantly surprised. The room was clean and decently maintained. It was an older hotel, with older furnishings, but I basically wanted a clean room to sleep and shower in. And HoJo provided it! It was easlily within walking distance to Hard Rock Cafe, House of Blues, Coyote Ugly, Rock Bottom Brewery and many local restaurants. The area was nicely lit, and felt safe. And if you needed to go further around town, it was easy to get a cab.For my next trip to Chicago, this will be the first place I check for availability.	
Dec 15 2006 	Not the height of luxury	The hotel was in a good location, easy to get around the city and close to lots of pubs and restaurants. The area felt safe enough. The outside of the building was a little run down and very retro. Our room was pretty bad, and was quite expensive too, at $169 a night. It really wasn't worth it and we would have been better off paying a bit more for something a lot better. Our room was extremely dated and felt quite dirty - I even found a previous customer's toenail clippings by the bed!! Gross! The ancient bathroom had no ventilation, so was always damp. In fact the whole room was damp, as testified by the huge damp patch above the bed on the ceiling. It was also an extremely cold room, maybe because we were right at the end of the building. The room had a musty and dirty feel about it, and I didn't really feel comfortable staying there - I don't recommend it.	
Dec 8 2006 	A Great Hotel in a safe neighborhood	I stayed two nights at the HoJo on LaSalle while in town on business, I was a bit nervous about staying there after reading all the negative comments on the hotel, but during my stay I found the hotel to be in a GREAT location, the Brehorn Pub is right around the corner and has great food and an inviting atmosphere. The hotel itself features the Cafe Luna on site, a great morning breakfast for a supreme value. I agree that the hotel does appear a bit dated on the exterior, but I found my room to be in excellent condition, appears to have had a fresh coat of paint, and updated carpeting. The doors to the rooms are located inside, so you have to use your pass card to get in, that gave me a secure feeling. But the overall area of the hotel is buzzing with activity, the Rainforest cafe and many other attractions are merely a 10 minute or so walk from the hotel. Michigan Ave. is just down the street. The L-train station is about a 3 block walk, I did it toting several pieces of luggage to get out to Midway, if going that route plan for at LEAST an hour to get to Midway you have to transfer at the Clark/Lake Street station.Only drawback I could find was the lack of internet service, there are public WiFi networks in the area but I could not get on them from the location of my room. I know its minor, with so much nightlife surrounding this place I was better off not having the internet.	
Nov 10 2006 	Terrific for the money	We found it clean, the help helpful, everything satisfactory. The free parking is a big plus. If you want luxury, don't stay here--the place looks like something out of the 1950s. I'm sorry for the fellow who had a hard time finding it, but they do have street addresses inChicago. Excellent location, by the way--easy to get everywhere you want to go. We've stayed there several times, and will continue to do so.	
Sep 25 2006	Do Not Stay Here	Our room was so dirty, we chose not to stay in it for even one night. Like the other reviewer, we also did not feel safe. Thankfully, we were there early enough to check out before we were charged - and I must say the hotel employee at the front desk was very accomodating when we told him we would not be staying.If you are looking for a reasonably priced hotel in downtown Chicago, stay at the Congress Plaza. It is cheaper than the HoJo - we got a $149/night internet rate - infinitely cleaner and in a much better location. If you are worried about what you have read about the picketers, don't be, there are only 3 or 4 of them, they are off to the side, and they don't look at you or make any noise.	
Jul 1 2006	Good choice	This hotel gave me exactly what I was looking for; a fairly cheap rate (as Chicago goes) which allowed me to spend my money on other things. The free parking was a real plus. Somone said that it was hard to find, I found it incredibly easy to locate, just south of Superior on Lasalle. Room was a little dingy, could use a coat of paint etc. but it was clean and in a great location. If you like spending $250 a night plus another $15 for parking for a more upscale hotel, you probably won't want to stay here. If you are looking for an inexpensive place to sleep that is in a great location and want to spend your money on the many attractions Chicago has to offer, this is a great value. I would definitely stay here again.	
Apr 30 2006 	I didn't feel safe	The first thing you'll notice is that this place is incredibly difficult to find. I drove by it four times before I noticed it. Second, the room had an unusual order that made my clothes stink. Third, the swing lock (chain lock) on the door was missing. Fourth, the sink in the bathroom was cracked and dirty. Fifth, the alarm clock was broken. Sixth, there was construction across the street so don't expect to get any peace and quite during the day. The only saving grace is the free parking but the construction left such a grime on my vehicle it wasn't worth it. Also, I've heard the restuarant was good but the place made me feel dirty so I didn't trust any food cooked on the premises.	
Jan 17 2006	dirty run down	I am not one of those picky people. Often I stay at Motel 6. But this was one of the worst motels I've stayed at. Stayed in room d4. When I entered the hall leading to my room it stunk of urine. My wife was looking forward to taking a bath, but refused because the tub was dirty. The sink was all scratched up and stained. The dry wall between the seink and tub was rotting and mildewed from water damage. The second day I was there I had no hot water to take a shower. They couldn't tell me when it would be fixed, and their answer was to take $15 off the night. The ONLY two things it had positive was the free parking and the proximity to attarctions. Oh yah breakfast was good and reasionably priced at the Lasalle diner in front.	
Dec 29 2005	Another Great Stay	Another great stay at Howard Johnson. My girlfriend and I stayed here for a week to attend the Bears vs Falcons. Same great service. This is my third stay here with no problems. Rooms are always clean and the staff friendly. This year I had breakfast and lunch at the on site resturant and came away very impressed.	
Dec 27 2005	Satisfied Customer	We stayed here in early 2005 for two nights. We found the check in staff very friendly, warm and welcoming.We had no problems with the room, it suited our needs of a place that was low on price, great location to Chicago and most of all the diner attached to the complex was fantastic. I would definitely Recommend the breakfast!!!!	
Oct 26 2005	TERRIBLE!!! Don't make the same mistake as mine...	I just chose this hotel because I checked this website and it is #49 in popularity. HOW COME???The place is AWFUL!! Smells bad, non-secure, linens are old, disgusting. The window was broken, there is no concierge and the staff cannot even indicate tourist spots. I paid USD170 per night, and I really felt stupid. The location is not that great either. There is nothing in that area at night, not even a cafeteria. I was just guided by the hotel popularity, and I did the worst possible deal in Chicago.I will never stay there again, and do not recommend to anyone.	
Oct 7 2005	Not Bad	OK for the money , was expecting worse , good position No problems here but probably could do with a face lift , bathroom clean Good position , independant, probably would go up a grade next time	
Aug 2 2005	Ugh	This place is awful. I stayed there the last weekend in July and was disgusted by the place. It smelled of urine in our room and in the hallway and it certainly didn't instill the feeling of security in its guests. Seriously, it is worth the $$ to stay at a real hotel. Simply awful.The ONLY good thing was the diner attached to the restaurant, although that wasn't all that great either.	
Jul 30 2005	Excellent Location Free Parking 	We stayed here for a couple of nights over the 4th of July weekend last summer. We had never been to Chicago before. We are not fussy people, but like a clean place where there are some services like coffee in the a.m. The diner downstairs was so great for a quick bite so you didn't have to head out right away just to get started. You can walk to all kinds of things.If you're looking for a fancy place with lots of amenities, this should not be your choice. It's a great way to check out the city, see where you spend your time all at a reasonable price.We brought our motorcycle in our truck and unloaded it right there. We rode all over the place and left the bike in front of the truck at night. No problems at all.The rooms are old and small, but very clean and we found to be quiet.I would stay here again without reservation. We can't wait until we can return to see the stuff we couldn't get to.	
Jun 12 2005	Great Deal!	After reading the mixed, yet mostly positive reviews of this hotel I decided to give it a try. The price was right and couldn't be beat considering the location. We were within walking distance of the Magnificent Mile as well as the free trolley stops and tons of restaurants and shops. If we couldn't walk there, we were close to the El station!The room was a little small, but clean and comfortable. It was so quiet that we thought perhaps no one else was staying there that weekend! The free and secure parking was the best feature. It was so nice to be able to leave our car in one spot for the weekend and not have to worry about it.We had breakfast at the little diner there, and it was a great value! Excellent prices for a HUGE breakfast! For someone who wants the hotel to be a part of the vacation experience, this may not be your best choice. But for someone who just needs a bed for the night and a great location at a great price, HoJo's Chicago can't be beat!	
Apr 18 2005	Great place to sleep	If you are looking for a clean place with good location to downtown, than this is the place. You can tell that this is an old hotel but the rooms( and bathrooms) were very clean and well kept. The staff were very helpful with directions and such.	
Mar 21 2005	Great Hotel	Overall I was very happy to have stayed in this hotel! The outside was a little scary, but our actual room was very clean. Our TV set had video in and audio in's so I could watch movies with the portable DVD player I brought. There was a coffee maker, a blow dryer and a few little extra's as well. The hotel staff was great and very responsive. Within a few minutes of my entering the room the front desk called just to check if everything was to my liking! And to top it off free parking in downtown Chicago... You can't go wrong by staying here.	
Feb 16 2005	OK if you just need a bed to crash	I have stayed in Chicago at least 10 times in rooms ranging from extravagant to basic. This was by far the poorest experience I have ever had. Now I must admit that I was drawn by the low cost ($59/nt. in Feb. 05) of the room especially considering that they allow you to park for free.This &quot;motel&quot; was built in the 60s and very little has been done to update it. The property has two storys and is in a horseshoe shape. The front is open to the street and on several occasion during the stay, people walked into the property that were obviously not staying there. The room smelled like mildew but was reasonably clean. The wallpaper was staind and the window was frosted over with filth.Although I would never stay here again (I got what I paid for), I would actually recommend it for young travelers. If you are coming to Chicago on a shoestring to party, this place would be just fine. Its cheap, it a reasonably safe neighborhood (despite some of the derelicts that hang around it), and its quite close to the Mag Mile and Rush St. If your older and used to a decent property, stay away.	
Nov 20 2004	Our stay literally stank	Based on the good reviews posted on TripAdvisor we chose to stay at this hotel this past October and I do regret it. The room was supposedly non-smoking but was permeated with accumulated smoke. In spite of the strong strong smell of some kind of industrial air freshener the smoke smell was in everything. It was so strong in the pillows etc that I barely got any sleep. We checked in very late so there was no time to play room roulette in search of another one - plus, if this passed as non-smoking we didn't hold much hope for any others.The best thing I can say about it was there was free parking, but had we known how old and smoky everything would be we would have made another choice.	
Oct 27 2004	For budget travel only - Clean cheap convenient not cozy or comfy	Stayed here during a convention because it was one of the only decently priced places in town. After reading the reviews here, I did expect something better. It is clean, cheap, and in a very convenient area - walking distance from a lot of things. And th free parking is a huge budget plus.However, it isn't the most attractive place. You wouldn't want to invite a colleague or client to meet you there. There's not really a lobby. It's basically a motor lodge, and it looks sort of run down. To get to my room, I had to walk through the outside parking lot and into the covered parking area, which is dark and deserted at night (and a little creepy for a lone woman), and then through a keycard-locked door, and then up a creaky elevator.The room itself is of a good size. There's no desk, but there is a little round table you can use. No high-speed internet, but there is a data port. Connecting through the data port is painfully slow - I could never get more than 24 Kbps. And beware the phone charges - local calls are .35 to connect and .10 per minute after that.Bathroom area is roomy, with separate vanities, which is convenient. The room door is thin, and you can hear everything in the hall, which also means people can hear what's going on inside your room. TV is old school, but it works fine.Overall, this is a fine place to stay if you're visiting and want to be on a budget. For business travel, it's not very convenient. I'd suggest trying Priceline to get one of the nicer hotels in Chicago for around the same price. Priceline has great deals in Chicago.	
Oct 26 2004	OK for the price I paid	live in the South these days. First problem was customer service if you can call it that. Called HoJo support line from the El asking where the nearest stop to Hotel was. The office was in New Brunswick, Canada and didnt know. The room was kinda small with the usual lousy generic heat pump. They have a restaurant on the grounds good for breakfast, lunch (busy!) and dinner only until 6:30pm. couldnt get late checkout b/c they were filling up, but they did let me keep my luggage in the office. surprising to see a low rise motel in a business section like that. But it was OK for the price.	
Oct 19 2004	Inexpensive Yes. Comfortable 	My husband &amp; I stayed at HoJo's in early October 2004 because of recent positive reviews. Despite the low price and free parking, we will not stay there again. Our room was more than worn out. The vanity in the bathroom had been partially stripped of veneer, with the other half left untouched. Entrance signage to the parking lot is bad; drove around the block twice before seeing it.Most disappointing is the location. We returned from the Lyric Opera after 11pm on a Sat. night and stopped by some Irish pubs in the area but the noise/drunk level was intolerable. We landed at the Chop House and had a very nice dinner but do not go there for an inexpensive meal. The steaks range from 10 to 20+ounces so go there only if you want a huge steak. Very few non-meat items but the service was superb. Back to Ho-Jo's -if you're ever in Madison, WI, stay at the Howard Johnson's on West Johnson! Immaculate, up-to-date rooms, great staff, and a bar/restaurant on the premise. The Madison WI Howard Johnson's is within walking distance of the UW-Madison campus, State Street, and the State Capitol.	
Oct 14 2004	HoJo in Chicago is surprisingly wonderful!!	I visited the Howard Johnson in Chicago on Labor Day weekend. I read all the reviews on it before I booked, so I kinda knew a little of what to expect. But, I was still surprised at how great this hotel was. If you're on a budget, it's awesome. The rate I got was reasonable for Downtown Chicago on a holiday weekend. The diner attached was were we ate breakfast each day we stayed there. It was great and the prices were great too. Fabulous coffee! The room was average size, but it was clean. The shower had great pressure, so that was great too! Also, the free parking was a major plus!! I definitely will stay there again!!	
Sep 24 2004	great hotel		
Aug 30 2004	Excellent!		
Aug 28 2004	Great Location Friendly Staff Authentic Diner!		
Aug 10 2004	A rare gem in Downtown Chicago !		
Jun 27 2004	An absolutely cracking bargain!		
Apr 26 2004	Excellent location - unbeatable value		
Oct 9 2003	Other guests not the best		
Oct 5 2003	Cheap as chips!		
Jul 20 2003	Great value		
Jul 3 2003	did I mention FREE parking		
Sep 5 2008 	Hotel molto gradevole		
