Oct 26 2009 	We were very comfortable for a very reasonable price.	We stay at this hotel every time we visit Chicago. It is close to everything we want to see in the city, but the price feels more like what we would pay to stay in a far-away suburb. Parking at the hotel is free, and that cuts the price even more. We have never had a negative experience at the Ramada Inn Lakeshore Drive, and we don't even bother shopping around anymore.	
Oct 15 2009 	The reason we stayed another night!!!	Do not believe the other reviews. This was a great hotel and the staff was amazing and friendly. They were so nice and hospitable that we stayed an extra night!! The room was huge and very well kept. The bar/restaurant had an amazing variety of well prepared food!! Again, do not believe the bad reviews. Go there and see for yourself. You will not regret it!!!	
Oct 13 2009 	Would not recommend	The staff was very friendly and the location is great. The room itself was terrible. The first room we were put in smelled like something had died in it. The A/C did not work. The &quot;fridge&quot; did not work either. We were moved to another room down the hall. It did not smell. The A/C did not work in this room either. The &quot;fridge&quot; kept our food cold when the housekeeper didn't shut it off.The hotels brochure state that they have Pillow tip mattresses. They did not in the 2 rooms we were in. It was the HARDEST bed that I have ever tried to sleep on. The guest rooms were in dire need of a good remodel. The bath room had been updated.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great Marathon Hosts	With the help of the staff we were able to enjoy a great marathon weekend at an affordable rate. The treated all to a 5 a.m. free continental breakfast and allowed us a late checkout after the race. Free parking, fridge and mic in the room at our request, and lots of help at the front desk with directions. (give that Angie a raise!)	
Oct 12 2009 	The staff here made our first totally "tourist" visit to Chicago very pleasant."	We have both been to Chicago several times on business, but never had a chance to really see the city. The staff at the Ramada Inn Lake Shore made the trip easy and pleasant. They were very helpful and answered all of our questions. The hotel itself is clean and neat, with a very nice restaurant and lounge just across the parking lot. The Friday night seafood buffet with a live jazz band was great.	
Aug 26 2009 	My Daughter's Wedding was a great success here with only 4 weeks to plan.	After having to change the location of our Daughter's Wedding Reception four weeks before the wedding with the help of Earl Adams, Director of Sales, he and the staff of Ramada made my Daughter and now Son in Law's wedding a beautiful event. From the Food to the finest details..thank you.	
Aug 16 2009 	Sometimes it's the housekeepers fault.	I've seen the reviews. I can no longer speak about the main building only because they no longer allow smoking in that part of the hotel and we are now put in the rooms on the side. (my husband is a smoker) THey have redone their lobby and it looks nice. They've added an office space for internet usage and a very nice exercise facility.Of course they are trying to update but I'm sure it's expensive to take care of all that needs to be done so I can appreciate the small steps here and there. In this case though, the housekeeping staff are the guilty ones for not reporting room issues.It may be an older room and all but there is no reason for the shower curtain rod to be loose from the wall. Housekeeping should report this so it can be repaired before the next guest checks in.THe coffee pot, my bad since I didn't realize it should have a lid. I told my husband it was clogged and he went to pull out the filter part to unclog and all the hot water burned his fingers... I guess we needed the pot lid to hold a lever in order for the coffee to automatically drip out. Afterward we made coffee again and held the part with a pen so it would drip out. Housekeepings fault again because they are to check that everything in the room is working and there.The coffee maker outlet was not working. I tried the reset button and no luck so we had to move rthe maker to another outlet to get it to work.  But to their defense on this, if no one has told the hotel the outlet is not working then they can't fix it so now that I've told them, hopefully they will look into that for the next guest..Yes, I reported the shower curtain rod right away only because I did not want to be blamed for it being broken.I did leave a comment card in regards to everything else.My fellow roomates on the other side of the hall were a bit noisy if you know what I mean but once we were in the room and turned on the TV, we did not hear them after that except the doors shutting kind of hard from time to time.All in all, yes, I'll stay here again. I think the cost is high for the room but as far as the rooms compared to other hotels in the area, this is one of the lowest.THey always seem to be busy which is a good sign as well.THe night of my stay, the frontdesk recommended a pizza place and this was the best pizza and philly steak I've ever had. THe name had Cafe in it so if you stay here, definatly ask about this place.I've learned from tripadvisor that every guest looks at things diferrently and you have to just take the good with the bad and hope for the best. Could this place be better, yes it could but if it was toatlly 100% percent perfect in every way, you'd be paying much more.	
Aug 10 2009 	You can't get there from here	I chose this hotel since we were driving and it offered free parking in a downtown location. This hotel is not downtown! It doesn't look far on a map, but to get anywhere you have to drive, take a shuttle or a series of buses and trains. It is located on Lakeshore drive, but without good directions it is almost impossible to get to the little side street to the entrance. The desk staff was very friendly and the shuttle driver was great. I took the shuttle twice, to the Field Museum and the Art Institute. It's about 2 blocks to a bus stop, not bad, but id you turn the wrong way, you can end up in a very sketchy neighborhood very quickly.About the room- when we checked in, I found someone's dirty underclothes hanging in the bathroom and used soap in the tub, and a lot of mold. Yuck! After calling the desk, they still had not come to pick them up by the next morning, so I put them out in the hall. When my teen aged son woke up the next day, he found a camisole and thong made up in the bed. He thought it was funny, but I was a little grossed out. The security door was broken and slammed repeatedly as people entered and exited. We had a lovely view of the parking lot. They advertise free wifi, but it is only available in the lobby. This hotel needs a refurbish. It's old and it shows. I've stayed in worse, but next time I will spend a little more for a better location	
Jul 9 2009 	Pleasant clean and convenient hotel in Hyde Park	Pleasant, clean, quiet, well managed, safe and convenient hotel. Free parking. Close to restaurants and services of Hyde Park and University of Chicago. Convenient in and out of downtown Chicago. Reasonably priced. Contrary to what some people have written, this is a nice no frills hotel. It doesn't pretend to be a 5 star hotel in downtown Chicago. I had a very pleasant experience here.	
Jun 30 2009 	How Pleasant!	Doing business in Chicago I always select this hotel as it is close enough to drive downtown in a few minutes and far enough to be out of the crazy congestion of downtown. What I love about this hotel is the friendly staff and terrific restaurant. Great food and prices and I just walk there. They have free parking, try that downtown.	
Jun 10 2009 	Convenient to UChicago but don't count on internet access	The hotel appears to have done some updating, and it is better than the past. Problem is, they advertise free wireless, but if you are NOT in the main part of the hotel, you can access the wireless,. so it makes it hard for a business traveler to get things done, unless they want to sit in the lobby. That is just annoying. Itis easily accessible to the University of Chicago, but next time, I will probably stay out by Midway Airport so I can access the internet from my room. The Fitness Center is minimal, as is the business center.	
Apr 19 2009 	Good if you only need a place to sleep	I stayed at this hotel for two nights when I visited the University of Chicago. This hotel seems to be the only hotel near the University. Not being familiar with the area, this hotel was the only choice I had. The hotel is actually NOT close to the University. However, the hotel had shuttles which take you to the University. I used the shuttle service only once when the driver was in the lobby when I was waiting at the front desk to ask the direction to the bus stop. However, if she hadn't been there and called me, I wouldn't have known that there was such services. Neither the receptionist nor the pamphlet in the room did not tell me about this. Also not told was the fact that the ROOM DIDN'T INCLUDE BREAKFAST. The receptionist told where the cafe was, so I simply assumed that I could have complimentary breakfast there. As a result, I had to spend about $10 more than I had planned. But for the receptionist's poor communication at the time of check-in, my stay was confortable overall. You can have a good stay, but no hospitality and no breakfast included.	
Apr 19 2009 	A NIGHTMARE... if I could have slept	We stayed at the Ramada Lakeshore for 6 exhausting nights in early April. My sister lives in Hyde Park and this hotel is the only game in town in that part of Chicago, but honestly I would rather sleep in a 7-11 parking lot than stay there again. We had stayed there before and it was never that satisfactory, but this time was by far the worst.There are a few positives... it is convenient to the UofC, and It's fairly easy to get downtown by car or the train. The staff was for the most part very kind and accomodating, and the beds were actually not horribly uncomfortable. The shower was fine and the suite we had was quite large.But that's where the positives end. The rooms themselves are tattered and smelly. Ceiling tiles are falling, paint is chipped, mirrors are cracked, and towels are rough. There was wireless internet, but it was very slow and spotty. Totally undependable. But all of that would be almost acceptable at the low rates the Ramada charges, if not for the NOISE.Yes NOISE, which drove me to the point of insanity. The walls are paper thin and one can hear EVERYTHING. Not only in the rooms next door, but also in the rooms above and below. Every scream, yell, moan and groan, belch and scratch. EVERYTHING.And all of this, dare I say, at 1, 2, 3 and 4 AM. Night after night.In room after room. Yes, we slept in FOUR rooms during our six night stay, changing rooms in the middle of the night. And in each one we were treated to a show of loud parties, yelling, fighting, screaming and endless F-U's. Over and over and over.I am not a particularly light sleeper, but this was too much.Each time we called the front desk, security tried to stop the noise, but to little avail. Once when security knocked on the door of a room below, we could hear a loud [--] YOU!&quot; in reply. Nice.After 6 nights at the Ramada, we vowed never to return. Even if the room as free. Nice people. And cheap. But a horrible place. Don't waste your time there.	
Mar 15 2009 	The warmest hotel in a chilly city!	My first visit to the Windy City in the middle of winter, and it really was cold! So I was glad to be staying at the extremely warm and friendly Ramada Inn-Lake Shore, where the staff was the friendliest and most helpful I've ever experienced. Lovely rooms, clean and beautiful, and perfect location (near UChicago). And the price was excellent! This stay was absolutely TERRIFIC! Five stars to these friendly folks!	
Feb 26 2009 	Dogs are allowed.....but so are prostitutes!	We stayed here for the International Kennel Club Dog Show. The hotel is less than 5 minutes from McCormick Place and that is its best feature. The lobby was nice and the staff was friendly, but the hallways had a lot of wear and tear, the elevator broke down on Sunday and the room had a funny smell. There was no clock radio, presumably because it had been stolen! TV and refrigerator were quite dated, but worked.On Sunday at about 7:30 a.m., we encountered two prostitutes on their way home from a night of &quot;in house.&quot; Yes, that's what they told us! They had been doing business out of a room on our floor! Fortunately, it was not noisy.....but yikes!	
Oct 8 2008 	*****WARNING******	This building was the first stop on a two week road trip. We expected 'hotel' to be average clean and nothing too special. However we got a poor reception, and shocking rooms. We had rooms with electrical and plumbing hazards. The rooms were 1970s. The beds were comfortable, thats about it. Theres no pubs or restaurants near the place. Only stay here if its the only room left in Chicago. The owners need to spend a lot of money on it! the place gave us the shivers.........	
Sep 18 2008 	Staff was super!	The staff was superb. My friend and I had such a good time because management took care of everything. Angela at the front desk was so helpful.The shuttle driver also was very personable and knowledgeable. Good people!!!	
Aug 20 2008 	Substandard	We reserved this hotel online, based on the Hyde Park location. It is in a neighborhood of beautiful high rise buildings next to the Lake. However, the facility is in terrible condition, the paint is peeling, the carpet is dirty and smells, it has outdated decoration and stained/peeling wallpaper.After one night we checked out and moved to the Chicago South Loop hotel. What a relief to be out of there!I cannot believe that a respected, well known hotel chain like Ramada would permit a hotel to be operated in that condition.We saw a piece of wallpaper peeled back next to an elevatorand there was a hole all the way through!Security? At night they station two armed guards in the lobby!Do yourself a favor and pass on this place...	
Aug 4 2008 	Worst of the Worst	Our family reunion was held at this Ramada Inn. We blocked off 15 rooms. We was not offerered any discount for the amount of business we were giving them. I had nevered spent $150 on a room a night, so I was expecting something along the lines of 4 to 5 stars. I got a Motel 2. With me being military, I have traveled acrossed the US, Asia, and Europe. Hands down this is the worst I've seen. The air went out in the middle of the night in the whole building and we had to wait until 7 am for it to be fixed. Some rooms had electrical problems, missing aminities, and mold/paint issues. Not worth $150 a night. The pictures shown on the web site must be from when they first opened. I took a couple pictures of my own to send to the Ramada Franchise Inc. and Lake Shore Hospitality Inc. ***BEWARE*** or you will end up just as upset as myself and the rest of my family coming from different parts of the US.	
Jul 22 2008 	Yuk!	Visited this hotel in July of 2008. We stayed one night. I was trying to save a little money before going directly into downtown Chicago the next night. This place was pathetic. Not friendly at all and I felt sort of creeped out, ha, as did the rest in our party. We had two rooms. Part of the curtain was hanging down in my room, cigarette burns on the sinks, cracks in the ceiling. The air conditioner was broke in the second room and they did move them to another room. It was rather dingy and seemed like 1980's decor. I have been a little spoiled as we usually stay at a Hilton, but this place was nasty. I would never go back again and wish I had spent the extra money for a little nicer place.	
Jul 16 2008 	Out of town but.........	Stayed here with my girlfriend for 2 nights in June 08.We found the hotel nice, clean and with the convenience of free Wifi and a restaurant.The room was clean and a good size although a bit dated.We visited Chicago to do some sight seeing and unfortunately the hotel is quite a way out from Downtown so if you're looking to stay close to the attractions/shops/restaurants etc. then I wouldn't advise staying here.About a ten minute walk away is a few places to eat, laundry and shops which we found useful.The restaurant next door which is part of the hotel was very nice. We sat down to eat late and so didn't expect a lot but we were pleasantly surprised at both the quality of food and service.Overall a nice stay but not a great location.	
Jul 15 2008 	This Hotel Is Just Fine	We needed a room for a couple of days while a family member was at U of C hospital. This hotel is one that offers a discount to U of C patients. We were hesitant to stay here because of the reviews but because the locations was so ideal, we took the chance.We are so glad we took the chance. The room was clean including the bedding, bathroom and carpet. The staff were all friendly. We felt the neighborhood was fine. We never felt afraid. The only things we didn't care for were the elevator (inspected?) and the smell of the hallway. The room did not smell bad.There is a taxi stop directly outside the hotel but if you choose to drive yourself, the front desk is more than happy to give you a map with specific instructions on the best way to get somewhere. In fact, the front desk was alway more than happy to help answer our questions, and we had several.I took my laptop and had no problem receiving a wireless signal in our room on the 3rd floor. The restaurant/lounge was a nice place to sit back and relax. We will be staying here again soon. I recommend giving it a try if you aren't too picky of a person. If you want a 4-5 star room, I suggest driving downtown and paying for the 4-5 star room. This hotel is not a diamond at a cubic zirconia price, it is just a plan jane 3 star hotel.	
Apr 7 2008	Wonderful Stay	The Staff at the Ramada Lake Shore made the stay very enjoyable. Angie at the front desk was very helpful with directions on how to get to different locations thorughout Chicago. The rooms were very clean and comfortable.	
Mar 28 2008 	Stay Downtown Chicago if your at a convention not worth the savings	Booked a hotel room online for the Ramada. It was a little less expensive then staying downtown. First problem I had was when I called the hotel and asked how to get to the hotel from the ORD airport using public transporation. The lady said it was not possible and to take an airport shuttle or taxi. So off I went and took the blue line from the airport and got off and took the #6 bus, and got off where the driver told me to, and walked 3 blocks. total price was $2.00 for the subway and $.25 transfer to the bus.next problem was the hotel room. It was really old and dated, kinda like furniture you would see at goodwill. Decor was not the nicest. This was livable, although my girlfriend did not like it and felt &quot;dirty&quot; during our stay. Good thing we were only here one night.next problem was that on their web site it states, &quot;The Ramada Lake Shore, a great Chicago Hotel located just five minutes from McCormick Place, offers a free shuttle service to and from the hotel to the Chicago Convention Center on a daily basis.&quot; which would lead one to believe that they have a constant supply of shuttles running to and from the McCormick Place convention center, a reason why I booked the room. Well we get there and then they say &quot;our shuttle runs downtown&quot; and we can drop you foff at Mccormick. I booked this hotel because of the statement on their web site because I was going to a convention while in town. So they tell me they have two shuttles, one at 9:30 and one at 11:30 to drop me off at Mccormick, but can PROVIDE NO PICKUP from McCormick. and to take a taxi back. for one, my events started at 8:30am at McCormick, and there was no pickup! My girlfriend was not happy about navigating public transportation to get back to the hotel at night.Another problem was with the internet connection. On the ramada corporate web site, when I booked the room it states, HIGH SPEED INTERNET. When I got to the hotel, there was no internet available in the room, and I asked the front desk, and they said it was only available in the lobby. Those were all not that significat problems, and were able to be worked around. The biggest problem was that the hotel door did not latch without pulling up on the door, and then the door looked as it had been broken in, and repaird, by putting a piece of wood infront so someone would not be able to stick a screwdriver or credit card to jimmy open the door. When my girlfriend left the room, she did not realize you had to do this, and when I got back we pushed the door open to get in, without using the key or even turning the door handle. All our stuff in the room was at risk to be stolen or worst have a breakin where we could be personally harmed. In addition, the neighborhood this hotel was in didnt look like the best neighborhood in Chicago.So I went to the front desk to report the problems with the door lock and to get into a different room, and before me heard the front desk lady tell two other people the hotel is sold out and there are no rooms available. so we just &quot;delt&quot; with it.In addition, the hotel is under renovation, and the lobby was under construction, and the retaurant on property was closed.If I were you, I would avoid the Ramada in Chicago. I thought I would save some money by staying here, but it was far away from everything (shopping, etc) and was not worth the savings.	
Mar 27 2008	Good location at reasonable price	The Ramada Lake Shore is a great compromise between staying in town and getting a reasonable room rate. There has been some remodeling work going on during our stay, but this didn't make the stay uncomfortable. The personal has been friendly. The Restaurant in the conference building belonging to the hotel is great. Friday nights buffet w/ Jazz is highly recommended, a lot of fun and great dinner for around 20$!. CTA bus no. 6 is an easy way to get to the museums and into town within just a few minutes. We will certainly stay at the Ramada again!	
Mar 10 2008 	nice view	The good things about our stay were we found the staff to be pleasant,the bathroom was clean,bed was comfortable with clean sheets,and had a great view of the lake.The bad things were the tv had a terrible picture that couldn't be adjusted,the bed pillows were too thin,the fridge didn't work and the coffeemaker made coffee so weak it looked like weak tea(and only managed to spew out 2 very small portions). I must say we ate at the restaurant there and had a wonderfully delicious meal.Also must add I would stay there again because a clean bathroom and a comfortable clean bed are the most important things to me in a hotel.	
Mar 5 2008 	Great Price Great Location	Had a work engagement in Chicago for a couple of days during two different weeks. I'm don't generally chose 5 star elegance and service at high prices.Working on the Soutside of Chicago and wanted a reasonably priced place with high speed internet and free parking. Mapped the work location on Google and searched nearby hotels and found this Ramada. Restaurant, room service a plus. Covered parking in Chicago, in winter is a great perk. Self-serv parking elsewhere in Chicago is $29+ per night.The first stay in the last week of February, I had a room about 399 yards from Lake Michigan and with a view of the south side of Downtown Chicago. Nice, comfortable, clean with a coffee maker, fridge and comfortable bed. Ordered room service one night and had a good 10 oz. Ribeye for $20. Only bad part of the stay was the internet not working.After confirming that the internet was working, I booked two days the next week. Internet was working, as I am writing this from the room. When I checked in, Angie, the frint desk staff welcomed me back. The room I was first assigned was not adequate. The TV remote did not work even after replaing the batteries and the fridge was not working. Called the front desk and Angie immediately reassigned me a large room with a working remote, fridge and a microwave. The room was not a suite, but was huge. The view was not on the lake, but in a big city, the view of the tall building is always spectacular.My sone lives in Chicago and when visiting him, we have payed much more for less than here oven on Priceline. I will book a room at this hotel again.	
Mar 5 2008	Lost a customer	Before we booked our room online. We made sure to check and see if the rooms had wi-fi. The website for Ramada Lake Shore Said that in fact indeed their was in room Wi-fi. We also checked about a refidgerator and was told their was one in room as well. When we arrived not only was the lobby and hotel torn up for renavition,which their should have been notice of posted on the website. But their was no in room wi-fi and only a small cooler built into a broken piece of furniture instead of a refridgerator. The furniture in the room was broken down scratced up and in poor condition. This is not acceptable for 140.00 a night. We were going to stay for three nights but instead spent one night because we arrived late in the evening. We stay in hotels 4 to 5 times a year. This was our first time and our last time at ramada.	
Jan 3 2008 	It was good for us	We chose the Ramada Inn because it was close to the Museum of Science and Industry. We were also pleased that there was a free shuttle that could take us downtown.We got to check in a little early and the next shuttle was leaving in 30 minutes. We rode it to Shedd Aquarium. The shuttle is gross, but the driver was great, very friendly and knowledgeable about Chicago. The room was fine. However, there is no fan in the bathroom and you are not able to turn on air conditioning...only heat. So, it got really hot in the room and we had to open a window even though it was late December.The restaurant next to the hotel is okay. Nothing great, but convenient.We paid a little over $80 a night to stay here. Travelocity had a special. So, for that money - it was great. I would prefer to stay downtown, but I don't have hundreds of dollars to spend.	
Oct 14 2007 	Worst hotel I have ever been to	When we were planning a vacation through Chicago, I chose the Ramada, because I have always had nice experiences at Ramada and this one had a free shuttle that would take us around the city. When we arrived, we learned that the shuttle was broken. No one at the front desk was able to give us any assisstance on exactly how we were going to get around, and since we had never been to Chicago, we did not know directions. We had to go to a gas station and buy a map. Our room was dirty and the shower did not drain. The cleaning staff apparently stole the pillows we brought from home, and the front desk staff again would not assist us. The only good I found at the Ramada was the location close to Lake Michigan (you can walk right across to it) and the resturant food was very good. But no matter what....do not stay here.	
Sep 25 2007	Pefectly fine for the price	Hey people, when you book a hotel that costs half what the Hilton charges, you're not going to get the Hilton! It was perfectly fine for the price and location -- room was clean, everything worked (even the TV remote), hot water was steady. The major problem was that the only working ice machine was on the 4th floor. Whoop-de-doo. Will stay there again, in fact I already booked it for next month.	
Jul 19 2007 	a towel with boo boo in the hallway next to room 322 laying on the floor	my 8 year old son has very bad asthma,the doctor at uic of chicago was testing some new medicne for his asthma sothey wanted us to stay close by, so i rent a room at ramadahotel on lake shore drive , the 1st room he was coughing badso i asked if could give me another room, all the room she showed my was , worst then the 1st including the one with the towel with boo boo, so we decided keep the frist one, i had to buy a puirferand prayed for the days to pass, in the end i meet two very nice lady who worked in the dinning area, whom made us feel very special ,but the rooms need help!i you have any family member who have lung problem the ramada inn is not a good place to be.	
Jul 4 2007 	Felt Gyped at the Ramada Inn Lakeshore drive Chicago	Let's start off with 2 good points about the hotel. It has working internet access like it says it does. Secondly, there if you are lucky, you may get a room with a great view of Lake Michigan across the highway from you. I guess a 3rd plus is that we saw no roaches.Now for the real. This spot is run down and when I say run down I do mean run down to the point of neglect. I don't know when last the vents were cleaned, but they were so dusty that it looked like grey cauliflower coming through the grate.The hall carpet is filthy. It is akin to walking through a back alley behind a butchers shop. Who konws what ran off into it, but it is sticky.The property has a laundry list of things that need to be fixed that is too long to detail: on 4 floors only 2 ice machines only 1 of which was working, broken windows in rooms fixed with a bit of clear tape, air conditioners that do not work, holes slammed in sheetrock everywhere..... The list continues for many more paragraphs.Parking too, is a bit of a joke. Though not as bad as some places, having to fight with locals who parked across the entrance to the hotel to watch July 4th fireworks and parked in the Guests only parking then came in to tell the manager they were gonna 'block him in for a minute' while my wife &amp; I cruised the roads around trying to get into the hotel lot........Oh, cable tv didn't work and at first, neither did the phone. They tried to get me to fix it over the phone ( I called on my cell phone) and I had to tell them to just send the phone guy unless they were going to pay me......Best of luck staying there. Forewarned is forearmed.	
May 9 2007 	Agree with Never Again!	This hotel is a total dump. My family stayed here on the weekend of April 28th. The staff was rude and unprofessional. The shower did not drain, so they had to stand in water to shower. The rooms were dingy. We tried filing a complaint with Ramada, but they responded that since it's a franchise, there's nothing they can do. We will never stay at this or any other Ramada in the future as a result of this horrid stay.	
Oct 15 2006 	Excellent Bargain in Chicago	I booked this hotel because the price was so low - $99.00 per night. I didn't read any reviews until shortly before we left and I then got very nervous because most of them were pretty negative. But, the hotels in the center of Chicago where all the tourist attractions are were simply unaffordable for us, so we proceeded to stay at the Ramada. I'm happy to say I was pleasantly surprised by our experience. All in all, for the price, this choice was fine. We knew upfront that there was no free shuttle service between the airports and the hotel. It costs about $50.00 to get from the airport to the city unless you use the train or bus. We chose to use a cab for our return to O'Hare and the Omega Shuttle upon our arrival. (Omega goes between the airports and the south side.)The accomodations themselves: The bed was comfortable; the bathroom was newly renovated and the shower was the best I've ever used anywhere. The room appeared to be as clean as any hotel I have stayed in and we were resupplied with fresh towels every day. The TV included HBO and Showtime, although the reception for Showtime never did work. As well, most of the cable stations were full of &quot;snow&quot; and difficult to watch.The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. It was unseasonably warm in Chicago and it took a day to get the air conditioning on again, but they did respond to our request. The hotel itself is a bit rundown, but if you're really there to see the city, it's fine. There is a taxi stand right there, so you can always get a cab. And the bus stop is about two blocks away. The neighborhood felt safe to me. We took the bus most days using a three day visitor pass that cost $12.00 per person, unlimited use. Ramada does have a free shuttle that will take you downtown and pick you up daily if you want to visit the attractions there. We didn't use it because we're early birds and wanted to get going very early every day. The biggest surprise to me was how good their restaurant was. The only complaint I had was that the vegetables were the same almost every night and were not seasoned properly. But everything else was delicious. Their breakfast buffet was superb and the wait staff was very polite and helpful.All in all, this hotel is a terrific bargain for Chicago. I would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 14 2006 	nice place to stay	I stayed in Ramada Lake Shore for 1 week. The room was generally clean and well-maintained. Room service was good. Reception was also nice. They might not act as eager as you expected for 5-star hotels, but that's not what you can expect from this hotel. The hotels in Chicago are really expensive. For this kind of price, Ramada is considered a good choice. The connection to downtown depends on Taxi or Metra Electric Railway. Taxi to McCormick Place is about 10 min and costs approximately 11USD. Metra Electric runs more frequently around 7 o'clock. The 53th Street and the 47th street stations are equally far from Ramada. It's takes about 10min to walk there. I'd suggest the 53th street since the way to it seems easier. Some trains do not stop at the 47th street station.Internet connection is a real problem. It is unstable and seems relatively slow. Those live in the 2-floor building might not be able to use it. Sometimes connection can be established at around the window at certain angle. If you have an external antenna, it might be easier. That's why sometimes you can see people taking their notebook to lobby. Suggestions to the hotel: improve the internet connection and place a brochure in room about the amenities and house rules.	
Oct 10 2006	Not Impressed	Expected more from the description. Hotel needs to be updated. Telephone did not work and staff seemed uninterested in alleviating the problem. Shuttle runs on a tight schedule, unlike what is described in the Hotel directory. Hallways smelled of decaying carpets. Could hear the neighbors conversation at 4:00 a.m. through the vent in the bathroom. But, the rooms were kept very clean and there is a great view of Lake Michigan.	
Aug 23 2006	Great for the neighborhood but not much else	We stayed at the Ramada hotel for a week, and overall, it was an okay experience. The best part about the hotel was its location in Hyde Park / Kenwood, with a number of great shops and restaurants within a 15-20 minute walk. We never used the hotel’s shuttle service to get around, and instead, walked 5 minutes to the CTA bus stop at E. Hyde Park and Cornell, where we were able to catch the #6 bus and get downtown whenever it was most convenient for us, as opposed to being limited to the operational hours of the shuttle bus. The restaurant at the hotel was also very nice, and we received extremely exceptional service during the times that we ate our meals there.The quality of the room itself, however, was lacking. One of the closet doors was broken and simply propped up against the other (working) one, the hallways frequently had a less than pleasing smell to them at all hours of the day, and on the morning we checked out, I saw a small worm crawling on my bed and, needless to say, got out of there asap. I’m glad that it happened the day we left, as neither of us wanted to spend another minute in that room after seeing it (and thinking about what else might have been lurking somewhere).You get what you pay for, I suppose, so the next time we visit Chicago, we’ll definitely look into staying at a better hotel. Even with the additional cost, it'll definitely be worth having a room of a much better quality.	
Jul 15 2006	a trade-off not bad	First, this is NOT within walking distance of downtown attractions (about 5 miles). We got free parking in thier garage, but had to be back by 11:30 or get locked out. The shuttle had 2 or three specific out-bound-to-town times, none of which were convenient for us during our 24 hour stay, and they do not go to Sears Tower where we wanted to go. The place was plain but clean &amp; comfortable, the view of the water was awesome, but our A/C controls were backward. When we tried to make it warmer, it got colder (didn't figure this out until the next day); when I called to ask for an extra blanket, this great big hotel with lots of empty beds said they didn't have any others! No apologies &amp; no effort or desire to help us out on this one. We didn't swim but we did check out the pool &amp; it looked pretty good; didn't try the restaurant. We had a pretty good experience with a clean room, &amp; you can't beat the free parking. Providing the weather was good, the outdoor pool would have been great to keep the kids entertained if necessary. Not the most glamourous or professional place, but I chose this location for these amenities &amp; they delivered. Relatively cheap, close to downtown, shuttle, parking &amp; pool, ok staff, older but servicable feel to the clean room &amp; grounds, cute neighborhood. They were slow that night, I wonder what it would be like if they were very busy. It's a trade-off.	
May 22 2006	Comfortable place	I was really apprehensive and worried after reading the negative reviews online, and after an encounter with a rather rude staff over the phone before my trip..but i have no other choice because this is really the nearest hotel to UoC. So, I'm really thankful that nothing unfortunate happened during my stay.Tthe room is comfortable. Breakfast was rather good too. We tried the seafood buffet on friday night though, the seafood IMO is not very fresh. The receptionists were generally quite helpful. Shuttle bus driver was quite friendly too, but must remember to call 30mins before hand to ensure pick-up. In general, I enjoyed my 5 nights stay there.	
May 11 2006	Dont Book This One	This hotel was nothing like it shows in pictures, Stinky hallways will ruin your vacation. Never book this hotel through eleisurelink(--) the reps will tell you its walking distance from downtown.Don,t spoil your vacation staying here. More info email me at sdilon@yahoo.com	
Mar 12 2006 	OK for what it is but not a place to stay for pleasure.	We stayed at the Ramada while visiting family and visiting colleges. We really only used the site for sleeping as we were very busy. I think the Ramada is the only choice, if you need to stay near the University of Chicago as we did.The rooms were clean and comfortable.Breakfast service was fast and good, if pricey for the value. The rooms were clean and comfortable--no complaints there, although again the price was high for the value received.Wireless was only available in the hotel lobby, which is a rather small and cheerless place.I would not stay here again, unless I had to stay near Hyde Park or the University of Chicago. If you are going to visit Chicago for pleasure, find a different lodging.	
Feb 27 2006	NIGHTMARE	HORRIBLE PLACE. Terrible service. Incompetent and rude staff. Long lines with no apologies or acknowledgement of problems. One small example: I Asked for non-smoking room and was put in smoking room. When I nicely explained to the one person working, she was irritated and angry that I did not accept the room. No sense of customer service whatsoever. The problems I had here are too long to write. Suffice to say, STAY AWAY. There are many other excellent choices for hotels in the area!	
Dec 6 2005	Very happy with Ramada Inn	I stayed in the Lake Shore Drive Ramada over Thanksgiving. Was coming home from London for the holiday and it was the only only hotel I could get into in Hyde Park where my family lives. I had read the other reviews and was a little anxious as I was bringing along a first time Chicago visitor and didn't want him to be disappointed. We were both very happy with the hotel in general and our room. The room must have been one of the recently renovated ones. It was nicely decorated and very comfortable. We had a huge bed, a lake view (with a great view of the Chicago skyline), a coffee-maker and fridge and a fab bathroom. All the staff (at the desk, the cleaners, in the restaurant for breakfast) were very pleasant and helpful. It was really convenient having hotel parking right there, being so close to the train downtown, and being right across the Drive from the lake for morning walks. Overall we really enjoyed our stay and will probably be coming back to the Ramada for the next few Thanksgivings.	
Dec 3 2005	hotel nice management not	My stay at the ramada was nice. The rooms were comfortable and I loved the bathrooms. Room service did a terrific job. But the management and customer service were not helpful or understanding at all. Everything was going lovely until the day of my check out. It was only two people in line,which I was one of them and after they checked in the first couple.They had me just standing there for about a good 20minutes waiting to check out. I didn't say anything because i wanted to see how long i was going to stand there, so finally I said &quot;Could someone please check me out&quot;. And thats when management said &quot;oh step down here. She tried to send me to jail for phone callswhich i didn't know they charge you for anyway,if the calls dosen't go through. She really treated like I was a Crimnal for phone calls that were $25.00.When she showed the phone calls to security(yes she called security!)his response was &quot;thats it $25.00 let her mail the payment in. Which i did because I saw how she was pushing the issue of me going to jail. And she did all of this in front of my 12year old daughter. I would stay at the ramada inn again, but not if the same manager is on duty. And let me add she had a trainee.	
Oct 21 2005 	Two Motels	This is a motel in the old fasioned sense where you can park for free and easily get to your car. There are two buildigs to stay in. One is 4 stories high with an elevator and one is across a 50 foot wide parking lot and is a two story long rectangular building. It is much nicer to stay in the main building with easy access to the desk and vending machines and free web access. You tend to get a little isolated in the other building. It is great if you have business in Hyde Park and are trying to conserve costs. The main building has been renovated and was very comfortable. I liked being able to just go out and get in my car and go rather than have to wait for it to be retrieved from a lot. I have the feeling that since I stayed after it was renovated it was a much nicer experience than those who stayed before the renovation.	
Oct 9 2005	Never again	Because we pre-paid our hotel for a week in Chicago, we could not get out of it. It was very depressing to come home to each night. The outside parking garage attached to the hotel was a nighmare. Old mattresses were lined up against the wall, the floor was filthy, the ceiling was peeling and the lobby was dismal. The corridors were ugly and not clean. However, the only good thing was that our room was not bad. It had been redone and once we were in our room I tried to forget the rest of the hotel. Since they provided a shuttle to main attractions in Chicago we decided to stay there. On the fourth day, the shuttle driver was sick and just didn't show and no one at the front desk bothered to inform the 15 patrons that were waiting to take the morning shuttle into town. I loved Chicago and would definitely return but never stay at this Ramada Inn.	
Oct 2 2005 	Not Worth $118 a night	I stayed at this hotel with a co-worker over a weekend in Chicago while we attended a continuing eduation course...I picked this hotel ONLY for the free parking. That was the only plus....like so many reviewers have said before me. Our room (518) smelled of mildew, the TV remote did not work, and the room itself was much too small for all of the furniture &quot;stuffed&quot; into it. The ONLY ice machine is on the 3rd floor of the main building...and there are 3 buildings of this hotel separated by parking lots. We had to walk outside our building across the parking lot and up the elevator in the main building for ice. There is no fitness room on site, and I'm a fitness enthusiast. The guy at the front desk gave me directions to the Bally fitness club &quot;ONLY 2 BLOCKS AWAY&quot; and assured me I could walk there easily and safely. Hah!! The reality was the club was almost exactly a mile's walk away, and along a highway with no sidewalks....and not exactly a safe neighborhood for a young white female to be travieling solo. This place is no better than your cheapest motel 6. WAY OVERPRICED.....a definite rip off.	
Aug 31 2005 	Needs renovating but serviceable for short business stay	In Chicago on business, I stayed here as it was closest to client. The hotel needs work, for sure, and if you're finicky about every detail you will find plenty here to turn you off--old, slow elevator, spots of peeling wallpaper, banged-up moldings, aged furnishings, electrical tape on the remote control. But the room was huge and everything worked, so for $89, it was serviceable for one night. The on-site restaurant was surprisingly good.The staff was cheerful and helpful. The alarm clock was going off in the room next to mine and the beeping was clearly audible in my room. On my way to eat, I told the clerk at the desk. He rang the room but, obviously, the guests were out (or unconscious). When I came back through lobby 45 min later, the clerk told me he had gone up to the room and turned off the alarm.	
Aug 2 2005	A very good value	My visit to Hyde Park was July 16-18, 2005, &amp; this hotel was the most convenient to my location. The staff was cheerful, the room was clean, the bed was excellent, the bathroom had good lighting, and the room was non-smoking as I had requested. My only issues were with a broken drapery cord (I had to close the draperies by hand), and the low height (about 4.5 ft.) of the shower head holder (it was mounted to accommodate a disabled / senior guest sitting on the provided bench). Both problems were minor. The room was very large - even with a king size bed - and included a small refrigerator, microwave oven, a round table, 2 chairs, coffee pot, and hair dryer.The hotel is on Lakeshore Drive. Lake Michagan with its extensive lake-front park is just across the street - a great space for walking and getting outdoors! I will stay here again.	
Jul 29 2005	You get what you pay for	My sister's family and my family both stayed here in separate rooms. We were charged the same, but my sister got the room with the lakeview, refrigerator and microwave. The bathroom had recently been remodeled, so it was clean...thankfully! The best part of the hotel was the free parking and the friendly, helpful staff at the front desk. They were very knowledgable about the area. Also, the drive to the museums, navy pier and aquarium was short and easy. There weren't any extra pillows or towels. Bring your own. Remember that this is a 2-star hotel and that is what you will get. Nothing matches. Smelly hallways and rooms. Old air conditioner that couldn't keep up with the 100 degree heatwave that Chicago was having during our stay. Pool was dirty, as the water level was about a foot below the skimmer. I will not stay here again. Not recommended for families. Could be a very nice hotel with some extensive remodeling and updating.	
Jul 23 2005	Ramada Inn Lake Shore is a joke!!	This hotel or motel is not one to be considered by anyone who requires to be reasonbly accommodated. The rooms are small and lack any kind of atmosphere. Don't even think of staying here if it's cold outside. The Lake Michigan exposure means just that. You will find the rooms and the managment cold! It's run by the Patel family.I stayed there one St. Valentine's Day. Worst mistake I could have made. I used my Diners Club card to secure the room explaining that I would be paying cash at check out. Not only did they take my cash they charged my credit card as well. I was given a receipt that didn't match my room so when I approached them about the mistake, they told me that I couldn't prove that I had given them any cash because the receipt was for another room number. Ramada's corporate offices didn't even acknowledge my letter of complaint. My advice is to steer clear of this one!!	
Jun 13 2005	Not like the ad but not a bad place to stay.	My husband and I arrived about midnight and got our room--air conditioned, king bed, non-smoking, first floor. After reading reviews, I was very apprehensive and almost cancelled our reservation. Glad I didn't as the room was large, clean, and what I requested. The staff was helpful, but we found out information on our own. Taking the hotel's free van into the city (Palmer House stop), we purchased a 3-day CTA pass for busses and the &quot;El&quot; at the gift store in the Cultural Center on Michigan Avenue. Each night we took bus #6 to Hyde Park from State Street and walked to our hotel. The suburb of Hyde Park was interesting and we ate at Mellow Yellow several times. We walked about 10 blocks to the Museum of Science and Industry and was very impressed. If you know how to get around with public transportation, the hotel is good. It's not fancy, but we had an average hotel room.	
Mar 4 2005	Don't do it for even $10.00 per night	Well, add this to the long list of compliments about this dump.The room we got was &quot;smoking&quot; not non-smoking as we had reserved. The room smelled so strong of smoke that we did not sleep at all, and left at 7:15am the next morning. We were there to see our grandaughter in the National Cheerleading Program at the Navy Pier. This dump ruined our entire concept of Chicago. I contacted my Credit Card company and had them remove the charge from my account...... DON'T GO THERE, DON'T CALL THERE, AND DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT STAYING THERE.Neither Hotels, Nor the management at the &quot;DUMP&quot; have returned my emails or responded to my written complaints...........	
Nov 1 2004	Stay here only if you prefer to stay in a dump	DO NOT WASTE A PENNY OF YOUR MONEY BY STAYING AT THIS DUMP!! What a waste of a good location. This Ramada Inn is in horrible condition and the management have obviously 'let it go' to the point that it now needs to be completely bulldozed. They are NOW in construction (course it was not posted anywhere on their site nor was it posted at the hotel). They feel they can still charge customers FULL PRICE for truly slum conditions. Where to begin: Loose bathroom tiles, 1 inch grit on the bathtub/shower floor that I had to CLEAN out before using the tub/shower, wake-up call of the sound of demolition/jack hammer at 7 am with workers laughter and cursing when I banged on the wall back to them, and the door locking mechanism was BROKEN, yes BROKEN! The bedspreads had cigarette burns in them and huge holes and it was actually shredded! The carpeting was horribly stained. I have stayed at BETTER Super 8's and Motel 6's in my time than this dump. Don't waste your money!!!	
Oct 13 2004	Stayed here the night before the Chicago Marathon		
Sep 25 2004	Could be worse (always could be worse though)		
Aug 2 2004	Don't Go!		
May 31 2004	Nothing short of a dump		
Feb 12 2004	Hated it!!!		
Oct 17 2003	very very bad		
Sep 21 2003	awful hotel tho close to U of C		
Sep 13 2003	Dont go here		
Jul 22 2003	Never again		
Jul 11 2003	Wonderful Service		
Jul 18 2009 	Acceptable		
Sep 28 2007 	Ramada Inn Lake Shore		
