	Classic Elegance with Waterpark Fun	Ok so they don't have microwaves...its true...but they do provide a nice coffee maker with two free packets of Starbucks. I asked if there was anyone else working at the desk when the lady in front of me stepped away leaving her papers and her luggage while she went to get something from somewhere...and guess what they openned another check in line immediately...all of my questions were answered by friendly staff people eager to help. The room was charming...reminded me of the Palmer House or another older hotel with embossed wall covering...the bathroom and walk in closet was a nice size, unusual in a basic 2 double bed room. The water park was clean, a litte small for older kids, but my 6 year old had a blast...they have a hot tub outside if you don't mind racing outdoors to experience nice heat in cold weather - the water park was crowded but the lifeguards were vigilant and I felt happy to sit in a chair and watch from the sidelines as my daughter jumped on the lilly pads and splashed in the 3.5-4 foot pool. There are pretty tropical designs on the walls, a pizza hut in case you get hungry, but the hotel also provides an array of carryout options if you don't feel like paying for the meals at Tradewinds that seemed a little high to me - $11.99 for adult breakfast and $7.99 for a child breakfast. My daughter does not eat $8.00 worth of food for breakfast so we did something else...all in all a pleasant stay in a quaint room with a good waterpark that was close to home and significantly cheaper than Key Lime Cove.	
	DIRTY	The rooms are really run down and our first room was filthy! The tub was slimly (mildew and mold) and the dust ruffles around the bed were stained and caked with dirt. They did move us to a cleaner and bigger room when we called down to complain -- but I would never stay there again. I cannot believe the Sheraton would let this hotel be in their chain of hotels.	
Nov 23 2009 	Sheer disaster	When we arrived, slowly moving receptionist said that there was nobody to help us with luggage (and I am visibly disabled!) The room was shabby, carpet torn, TV 20 years old, nothing to hold on in the shower. Worst of all, this hotel is located next to a large water resort. Everything throughout the hotel smells like sewer. Over the weekend the hotel fills with families with children, and these people don't behave. We had to call security twice to keep our neighbors quiet. The crowd brought to the lobby bags with fast food, ate it on every surface available and left trails of garbage everywhere they went. Just like that, on the floor. It reminded us Katrina shelters more than Sheraton. The restaurant is awful, food dangerous for your health. On top of this, this hotel is in the middle of nowhere, and you have to drive about 3 miles to the nearest place to eat.	
Nov 5 2009 	Excellent Service Beautiful Rooms Decent Location	This newly renovated hotel boasts gorgeously appointed rooms with plush bedding, sitting area plus writing desk with ergonomic chair. The hotel is sparkling clean and I have never received such excellent customer service. The pool was huge and hot tub so relaxing after walking the Maginificent Mile all day. Decent location just a few blocks from the Mile and close to the Navy Pier trolley. Got a great deal online for only $79 night although parking was not included. 4 out of 5 stars for sure!	
Oct 8 2009 	Awesome	I got this deal and only pay $39.00. It was really enjoyable stayed. It also has Coco Key Water resort that is really good for my daughter. I enjoyed my stayed. My room is really big for three of us. They don't have bell boy, you have to push your caddy yourself which is fine with me.	
Aug 16 2009 	Don't Stay Here!!	Well, I don't know where to begin.. By the way I'm 15 and went with my grandma.. Ok so we got to the Hotel and it had a very nice lobby. We were assigned the 4th Floor room 426. Wow, we go in the room and the air conditioner was broken and had rust on it, the carpet was stained with juice and what looked like dog pee (they allow pets up to 40 lbs.) The beds were nice, but it was a bad room. So, we were upgraded to the 14th floor, which is for business people. The room was much nicer, except they did a &quot;patch&quot; job on the ceiling which they painted the wrong color. Ok, here's the best part. So, I'm writing this review at about 2:30 am Chicago Time. At 11pm, I was awakened by the FIRE ALARMS!! I was like are you kidding me? So, my grandma and I had to walk down 12 stories of stairs to get outside. Once we got outside, we learned that a little kid pulled down on the fire alarm. We decided to leave the Hotel and come home because that was the WORST weekend we had ever had. Oh, and we paid over $300.00 for two nights. They wouldn't even reimburse our money, even though all of that happened to us... So, please, don;t waste your money going there.. you would be better off going to the Hyatt or Hyatt Place off of Woodfield Rd. They are cheaper and have much better rooms.	
Aug 15 2009 	Perfectly fine for the price	Stayed one night with 2 adults and 2 kids (6 and 4) as a stopover on a driving trip. Got it on priceline for $50 ($35 + fees) so the price was right! Hotel is clearly older (from afar looks like a giant Russian embassy circa 1963), but the lobby has been redone. Our room had been mostly redone as well - beds and pillows were nice, but the TV was old and so was the bathroom. Had no problems, though, other than a little easier than usual to hear the room next door. For somewhere cheap in the Schaumburg area it worked well for us.	
Aug 14 2009 	Disgusting!	I checked into this hotel on August 12th for 1 night. Upon entering my room, I was absolutely shocked! It smelled like mold, the walls had &quot;something&quot; all over them, the bed linens were dirty, there was trash everywhere, and what appeared to be mouse droppings near the back of the bed. I went to the front desk and asked for a new room which they gave me. Guess what, it wasn't any better but the lock on the door was broken. Since I was staying alone..that was not going to work. I went back to the front desk and told them I was checking out and the manager (very politely) asked why..so I told him. He apologized and said that they have never had this problem before. Clearly that is not true based on other reviews! I left the hotel and now have to deal with getting a refund from another website. I then checked into the Holiday Inn on Roselle Rd where I was pleasantly surprised. I would definitely not recommend this hotel for anyone!	
Aug 9 2009 	Stinky room poor cleanliness	As a frequent leisure and business traveler, my key concerns are cleanliness and service. This hotel had reasonable service, but the in-room cleanliness was absolutely the worst I have seen in any hotel besides a cheap motel that you might find in a rural town. It seems like the hotel has not performed a deep clean on the hotel room we received in a very long time.The room stunk; it smelled like mildew. The room layout was such that the bathroom connects to a carpeted walk-in closet. This appears to be the cause of the stink. The moisture of the bathroom has caused the whole bathroom area to smell. The shower curtain was also smelly - somewhat stinking like the room may have been a smoking room at one time, with the shower curtain unchanged.Other annoyances included very dusty bed frames. The lampshades were also shedding dust from any movement, and one of the lampshades was ripped.The shower/tub diverter didn't work right; only half of the water went to the shower when the diverter was set to the shower. Unfortunately, the hottest water did not go to the shower, resulting in luke-warm showers for the two-night stay.Housekeeping was not very attentive between the prior residents of the room and us. Upon arrival, the tissues in the tissue box were all damp. Taking the tissue box cover off, the tissue box was soaked from the bottom, probably from the prior room resident getting the counter very wet - housekeeping apparently didn't notice. As well, the prior resident had stuffed toilet paper or kleenex in the peep hole, still in place upon arrival.The public hotel areas were reasonable, though showing some signs of overlooked damage / wall marks. Overall, the room was woefully disappointing, given that the hotel appears to have been nice at some point in its past.	
Jul 28 2009 	Yuck!	Stayed at the Sheraton for a kids dance convention. We were first given a room that was just filthy! Stained carpet, filthy duvet cover. I wouldn't let my daughter take her shoes off! To give the hotel staff credit, they moved us to the top executive floor to a very spacious and much cleaner room. If they hadn't we would have left. The main lobby stairs are covered in filthy stained carpet that has not been vacuumed in years! There was only one bellboy and one clerk checking people in at a time when the hotel was full. One elevator kept breaking down. This hotel needs a major refurbishing. We will not stay here again until it is refurbished.	
Jul 24 2009 	Good for Famalies and That's It.	Stayed here for two nights for a guys trip. We picked this location b/c of the proximity to the horse track and downtown Arlington Heights. I was told before the trip that their shuttle service would take us to and pick us up from both of these locations. The reality is the shuttle stops by 5pm and they will not pick you up (only take you there). This was a huge disappointment since it was the #1 reason we picked it. The rooms are mostly filled with families visiting for the water park. Great for them, but not great when you're trying to sleep and kids are up and running around the hallways between 6-7am. The hotel staff is also a couple crayons short of a full box. We asked for rooms with two beds but were given one king bed. You would think the hotel staff seeing overweight middle age men with no sense of fashion would get a hint that we didn't want to sleep in the same bed. After going back down and getting new rooms, we realized the next day that one of us was charged for $1000/night vs. $100/night, creating issues with the credit card company.I was very surprised by this experience. I always prefer to stay at starwood hotels due to their quality. While they might not always have the best hotels, they make up for it in other areas. This hotel was the exception.	
Jul 14 2009 	Good location for horse racing/good hotel	We stayed at the Sheraton so we could walk to and from Arlington Race Course. It has a great location if you want to go to the track. They do have a family water park although we have never used that part of it. That being said, don't stay here if you don't want to be around families and lots of children.I am a Starwood member so when we checked in we were given a Club room. The room was really nice. Very large, great view of the track, coffee maker, very nice amenities in room...shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, even a fluffy bath scrubber. However, don't bother to book club level on weekends unless you are doing it for the nicer room. We dropped by the Club lounge to discover no breakfast or hors'd'ouevres on weekends. No big deal since we didn't book the room for that but I would have been disappointed if that was what I was expecting.Had drinks at the bar which is very nice and easy to mingle with people. We tried to have breakfast at the restaurant but stood at the sign saying &quot;Please wait to be seated&quot; however no one ever came to seat us. There were servers looking at us but they had several large families they were working with so we decided to head somewhere else for breakfast.Not too far away from the hotel (5 miles on Golf Road) is a great restaurant called Retro Bistro. We have eaten there now several times and it is wonderful. Great french bistro food....excellent food and small tasting portions so we tried lots of things. Our drinks were great, food was great and the price doesn't break the bank either. Well worth the short drive from the hotel.Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Sheraton. I love the location for Arlington Park so that makes it worthwhile. A couple service issues but nothing that would stop me from returning.	
Jun 28 2009 	DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!	I stayed here 2 days ago for a family party. The staff is great and the restaurant food is pretty good. The water park is great too. BUT, the rooms are gross, doors are thin and do not reach the floor. At 9:30 pm my daughter found a MOUSE running around the room. The engineer got there quickly and put him in a cup. When the guy got to the elevator to take him down the guy with him found another mouse in the hall! The front desk said that they would be right up with keys to a new room, but my kids and I sat there for a good 20 minutes on the hall with all of our stuff and nobody showed up. My mom finally went down there and it took her another 1/2 hour to get us a new room. We never got an apology or discount. They acted like it was not a new occurence. But I had 6 kids and 2 adults that we were moving to another room at 10pm, that was a new occurence to me. It then took another 1/2 hour to bring up a cot because we had to move to a smaller room. Even my kids, who loved the water park, said that they could not wait to get out of there. Please, do not stay here.	
Jun 15 2009 	Nice visit	After reading the reviews I was very concerned about this hotel. However, when we arrived (at 10:00AM) we were able to check into our room and the employees at the front desk were very friendly. The lobby is lovely, with a nice bar, restaurant and a Starbucks. Our room was a decent size and the bathroom was bigger than average. I wasn't wild about their shampoo or soap but that isn't a big deal for me. The bed was a attractive sleigh bed but unfortunately was a little broken and the mattress probably needed replacing. There are a lot of channels on the TV (great for our 5 and 12 year olds). The walls were normal hotel thin, we could hear people outside in the hall and people upstairs. We did go to CoCo Key for one day &amp; had a ball. They have a lot for everyone and it wasn't packed! We looked at the hotel pool and it is a nice size &amp; there were only about 5 people in it. I would stay here again especially for the price I paid on Priceline.	
Jun 8 2009 	Perfectly Acceptable Hotel	Stayed 2 nights, $110 total with taxes through Hotwire. I was worried by the reviews but the stay was fine. I can't understand some of the &quot;dump&quot; comments. The beds and pillows were some of the best, I had a very good sleep. The staff was very friendly. We stayed on the 5th floor and everything we saw was clean and up to date. The hallways, elevator, lobby, bathroom, large pool, couldn't find a problem.In regards to thin walls, if there are screaming teenagers next door a slap of the palm on the wall lets them know to knock it off (worked for me).	
May 8 2009 	Disgusting dump of a Hotel	The Lobby of the Hotel is nice, but look out for what is learking in your room. While on a vacation, part of the hotel was closed for bed bugs. In our room there was a broken pipe in the bathroom. Everything was very old and not kept up. Mold next to the little refridgerator. An old spill that was never wiped up. ANd under the sink, mouse traps...Yes indeed mouse traps. They advertise a water park for the kids that is attached, stay somewhere else and drive over, you will be much happier in the end.	
May 5 2009 	I had a better stay at the Baymont Inn	Wow, looking at all these other reviews makes me think it wasn't just us. My fiance and I go away on Christmas every year...we tend to pick somewhere with a pool. This year we decided to really splurge and go to a water park. I cannot tell you how excited we both were..until we got there. To start, the floor our room was on was horrific, it looked like something straight out of a horror flick. The plumbing in the building must have been as old as the inside of the building looked, because our toliet was leaking all night. This wasn't too big of a problem until we used up all of our towels in the room to control the leak and called down to the front desk for more..yep they never showed. Also I am very happy that they are a &quot;pet friendly&quot; facility because we brought my dog with...but the dog next door to use must not have been enjoying his stay either because he was howling and barking all night. As if this wasn't enought to keep us awake for the majority of the night, but it sounded like someone was crawling around in the ventilation ducts all night as well. As it being Christmas, our food choices were very limited and unless we wanted to spend the big bucks on eating in their dinning room or ordering room service we decided to dine at the pizza hut/ hamburger place in the pool area...one word YUCK! I did call to let them know how much of a horrible time we had only to recently get in touch with someone to help. I had been trying to get in touch with someone at the hotel since December and last week was when after much percerverence I was called back and the matter was &quot;resolved&quot;. They sent out a coupon for a free stay..then to my suprise I woke up to the news this morning headlining this hotel in a special report...THE HAVE A BED BUG infestation and it will be taking them 4-6 weeks to clear it up...NO WAY!! am I ever returning. I would reccomend to stay away..far far away from this place!	
May 2 2009 	Great family hotel!	For a family vacation this was the perfect hotel. The rooms were clean. The close proximity to CocoKey made it nice. Parking was abundant. The doors have large gaps from the bottom of the door to the floor. This makes it very loud at times. Weekends were the worst. We'd hear people yelling and running up and down the halls at 11 p.m. That didn't really bother me that much. Weekends are also a bad time to use the elevators. The waits can be pretty long. Otherwise, nice hotel and lobby.	
Apr 28 2009 	Cool water park	During spring break I took my two girls to this hotel for an overnight, we recived 2 passes for the water park that is sort of new. We had a good time... I went with a friend of mine who also brought her kids. Her and I went to the bar and relaxed while the kids were enjoying the park. We spent the entire day in the water park section, they have a&amp;w and pizza hut... Fun time for a good price.	
Apr 4 2009 	Nice conference facilities/amazing water park	Arrived here the night before conducting an all day seminar the next morning. The room was nice and clean and was very quiet. I walked around the hotel and checked out the inside water park. It was packed with people of all shapes and sizes. I'm not sure there was safe and adequate space and room in the water for all the people I saw, but they all seemed to be really having a great time. For this large hotel the options for eating were limited from what I could tell. At 6:00pm there was only one small restaurant open and the Starbucks closes at 3pm so that wasn't even an option. There is a hamburger and hotdog grill in the water park area, but that really didn't look very appealing to me (although I'm sure it was great for all the kids!). As I entered the water park area a woman staff member greeted me and asked me if I wanted a tour. That was nice although I declined; I just wanted to walk around for a minute or two. The lobby area was very busy and I was glad I had an upper floor room as I'm sure the lower floor rooms would have been less than calm and quiet.I ordered my lunch to-go for 11:45 and several of the conference attendees ordered theirs from the menu in advance to eat in the restaurant. All of theirs were ready, but mine was no where to be found. I have however learned to keep my expectation rather low and then I'm not so disappointed. It took 15 precious minutes out of my lunch time to finally get my order which took 15 minutes away from much needed feet up and rest time in the middle of a energy expanding day of speaking.This would no doubt be a great location for a combination of conference/family fun weekend especially during a cold dreary winter month. The water park looked fantastic!	
Mar 13 2009 	Do not be afraid...	We recently stayed at the Sheraton in Arlington Heights; I was very leary due to comments on Tripadvisor. Don't be afraid, rooms are clean, beds are WONDERFUL! The staff on duty was extremely friendly and helpful. The only bad part was ... walls are thin. Yes, you can hear noise from other room and outside in the hall. (You are staying in a hotel!!!!) I would suggest if you want quiet, stay during week and not on weekend. I would imagine hotel is a madhouse with waterpark inside. I would also suggest, staying on upper floor if possibnle. All in all, hotel met our expectations.	
Feb 28 2009 	beware!	My husband and I brought our 15 month old daughter to this hotel for the weekend to enjoy the waterpark coco key. I made the reservation over the phone and they seemed pretty nice. When we arrived friday evening however, things started to quickly go downhill. I went to the front desk to check in, and instead of being greeted by the desk person, I stood there for probably ten minutes while the employees were behind the counter. When I was finally greeted, the guy was pretty short and didn't give me much info about the hotel or where to go. I then asked for a bellman and he told me that he would call one to meet me outside. I went outside to start unloading, and again waited for no one to show up. My husband and I then made several trips with out infant daughter in the cold to get out things from the car.At this point, we decided to forget that stuff and enjoy ourselves so we took a walk around the hotel and into the waterpark to find out some information on prices, hours and rules. When I asked the young man at the desk about the prices and hours, he dismissed us and said we could look online or that we might be able to get some information on a table and pointed. We were kind of taken back that he wouldn't even answer a few, and often asked questions as simple as price and hours.. After that, we decided to go to bed and maybe got 3-4 hours of sleep! The walls were paper thin so much, that we could hear everything, even the people next door using the restroom! All night long we were awake and I even had to ask some people nextdoor to quiet down because we could hear every word they were saying. At about 3am we almost asked to switch rooms, but then realized that it would probably be the same no matter where we were. Again, we decided to forget about it and enjoy ourselves the next morning at the water park. We entered the waterpark shortly after it opened only to be told that they were sold out for the day! I asked why no one told us that this could happen and explianed that the only reason we stayed here was to go to the waterpark and the girl just said there was nothing they could do! We were very upset and went to the front desk and luckily the gentleman was very accomidating and let us by some passes for the waterpark. We were very thankful to him, but unfortuantely we will NEVER come back here and will definitely tell everyone we know to not come here. It was a very bad experience. If anyone wants a great indoor waterpark adventure, we have also stayed at Keylime Cove and enjoyed it very much.	
Feb 18 2009 	Ok... if you get a great deal or want a water park	Stayed for 2 nights and got a super rate through priceline. I was a little nervous after reading reviews, but it honestly was better than I was expecting. The lobby is beautiful and the front desk staff was among the nicest we've found. We asked for a quiet out of the way room since we weren't there to use the attached water park and everything was great for the first night (a thursday), but Friday night was a whole different story. We had 2 loud families on our floor who had booked rooms across from each other. They proceeded to leave their doors open and just run back and forth in the hall and yell from room to room as though they had the place to themselves. The parents were the worst. We did find the furnishings in the room to be very nice, but they really need to renovate walls, tile, plumbing etc. The bed was very comfortable. All in all, I wouldn't return to this hotel voluntarily unless I wanted the water park option. It would have been a comfortable (but dated) hotel if not for the noise. The location was great, but there are just too many other hotel options in the area to put up with this unless the price is great, which in our case it was.	
Feb 7 2009 	Don't Do It!	I was very dissapointed when My family and I arrived. The place is in need of updating, it was kinda scary on the 8th floor it looked 100 years old. Only 2 lights worked in my suit. Overall I got a dirty gross feeling about the place. The pool area was not at all what I was expecting, Not that big, food was disgusting, it was loud with dirty gross people. We didn't get in, We turned around and left! I could not do it. The only good thing about this place is that they refunded my credit card and we went home.	
Jan 11 2009 	Loud Obnoxious and Disappointing	We just returned a few hours ago from bringing my son here for his birthday weekend. Our room was okay, basically clean but in need of updating, especially the shower. Linens were cleaned but pillows were old, shapeless and stained, yuck. The waterpark was decent but the water was quite cold. Both of my kids (3 and 6) had blue lips and the shivers quickly. And the hot tub is off limits to kids under 5 so I couldn't warm my blue lipped toddler there! There seemed to be bus trips there on a Saturday or something, there were a lot of unsupervised kids 8-12 who did not listen to the life guards and bullied younger kids. Very ill mannered kids who knocked my tiny barely 3 year old daughter over to get on the elevator first. The staff never picked up wet towels so the place was so littered with wet towels there was no way of knowing if chairs were &quot;saved&quot; or just covered with dirty towels. BUT THE WORST PART: staying overnight. There were kids running around and yelling in the hall for hours, some rooms seemed to have no parents. I had to call security 4 times because the room across the hall from me which had 20 people in it (yes, I did peek out my keyhole!) kept waking my kids up at 10 pm, 11, 12... The security guy would come up for 10 seconds to say &quot;calm down&quot; to them and then he left. I eventually had my bags packed and ready to drive home at 1 am as it was so loud only to turn around and find my kids finally sleeping peacefully. So we stayed but I regretted it as I was woken up 5 more times. In the morning when the maids cleaned the hall was littered with trash bags and boxes filled with empty beer cans and gallon liquor bottles. Our floor had about 50 girl scouts, a few families and about 100 kids from the inner city who had about 3 chaperones. These bigger kids hounded my husband for money in the video arcade and pushed buttons and grabbed the controls when my kids were playing their games. I do not mean to sound so bitter but I am sleepless and very disappointed at the behavior my kids had to see and the language they heard. We met some other nice families by the pool who said the hotel/waterpark in Gurnee is much better so we will try that next. If you do go, either go for the day or bring ear plugs!	
Nov 20 2008 	Loved this hotel	I always stay at this hotel when traveling for business. It has a lot to offer for business travelers. Very friendly and professional staff. The club lounge is very welcoming and the food and service is outstanding. I love the work out gym and the free parking. My room is always very clean.	
Oct 27 2008 	Great business Hotel i a great city	I came to Chigago just for a quick visit during the weekend. I was already happy that there was a room available.The hotel is situated in city centre Chigago, on the opposite of Hyatt and Hilton. The rooms are big and spacy, the bathrooms are luxury. The are plenty channes on your LCD TV and the minibar is stuffed.The is many to choose during breakfast and a gym is available for those who want to strech.There is internet available but you need to pay extra for that.The hotel is typical American business style, so don't expect some familiair sphere.	
Oct 9 2008 	Nice big rooms	We stayed here for two nights with family. We wanted to use the attached waterpark for our kids. We were pleasantly surprised by the size of the rooms. The rooms were very large and included a walk-in closet area. The actual toilet area of the bathroom (separate from the vanity) is very small, but you really don't spend much time there anyway.We had two large queen beds and there were room-darkening shades, which I loved. The halls were large and you can have rooms that are sort of adjoining-- sharing a vestibule-like area-- if you want. The only downside is that there are many banquet rooms, so there are many events going on on days like Saturday nights. We checked in Saturday evening and there were two wedding receptions going on, so we were trying to unload our luggage surrounded by a group of VERY drunk people. But, that was sort of our fault for waiting until 11:00 at night to arrive. The front desk was very helpful.The on-site restaurant is a bit pricey but the menu looked nice. If you have kids, the waterpark and arcade are great. The waterpark is large and will easily take an entire day to enjoy. It is all indoors but there are 4 very large waterslides, 3 large waterslides, and some for littler kids. There is a spa for adults. The waterpark has an on-site Pizza Hut/A&amp;W and tables to eat at. I was really impressed by the waterpark. Overall, I'd definitely stay here again. We paid under $200 a night, which included 4 waterpark passes, and for the space and amenities, I think that is a deal.	
Oct 2 2008 	Huge and clean rooms	The hotel is very close to the airport, I believe it took me only 20 minutes to get there. The check-in was very smooth. I remember that I was a bit shocked by the size of the room, they were the biggest I've ever seen, and it wasn't even a suit! The rooms are at least twice the size of a regular room, must be an old construction. The rooms where not amazingly pretty but very comfortable.The ride to downtown Chicago took me about an hour so if you're looking to have fun in the city I would recommend to get another hotel that is actually in the city. But in my case, it served its purpose well.	
Aug 17 2008 	Willing to give it another shot	i have mix reviews about my stay, first of all when i checked in my husband and i walked over to go check out the room first before we bring in our things so right by the eleavator i took a huge fall to the ground it was bad i did my best to hold the pain in. my arm hurted so bad i sat down to take it in for a sec and not one worker there came over to see if i was okay, a women near by ran and told the clerk, but like i said no one came to see what had happen. I let it go am not one to go and let my plans to go have fun in the waterpark with my kids go to waste. the waterpark was great everyone had something fun to do my kids never got bored or loss interest in the park i notice the lifeguards took there job serious so good for that, now going into bed that night was something i couldn't wait for. the park takes alot out of you about 10:30 we were settle in and a couple of doors down i heard kids yelling running up and down there mother shouting at them this went on forever close to 12am i called to report this since it was so hard to sleep, so i was told there were going to have this taken care of, so close to 1am i called back since i still heard these kids yelling,playing so again i called and i was told it will get taken care of. i really don't know what happen i finally tune them out but i was so tierd the next day it was a bad night one last thing the breakfast at the tradeswind was wonderful the food and staff were great overall i would try it out again! i must add the room was clean. I would try it again to get a better intake of it.	
Jul 11 2008 	Very Disappointing...DIRTY Hotel!!!!	We stayed at this hotel for only one night to celebrate our annual &quot;mommy daughter day,&quot; but were very disappointed in the cleanliness of the hotel. The first room we were given had a broken light in the bathroom ceiling where there was dirt coming down from the ceiling into the bathroom. The second room had a line of goldfish crackers on the window sill, and the bathtub had hairs in it. We were given a third room and the desk clerk went with us to the room. The shower looked clean and the bedroom looked clean so we decided to stay. Unfortunately, when we went to use the bathroom there was still #2 remnents in the toilet...TOTALLY GROSS. It was obvious that the bathroom hadn't been cleaned and they simply folded the toilet paper to make it look like it had been cleaned. My daughter liked the water park area, and it was passibly clean if you don't mind chewed gum littering the sides of the pool. I would recommend pool shoes. The water park package was $179 mid week, with 4 water park passes and the room. I would recommend spending the money on passes and getting a room at the nearby Renaissance Hotel which was much nicer and surprisingly inexpensive. We also ate at the restaurant, where the two of us had lunch for $36 which included a child's lunch, a child's drink, a salad, and a diet coke. Sounds simple, right? Well, it was terrible. Over-priced and the salad was wilted and the steak on the salad was tough and overcooked. Overall this was a TERRIBLE experience!!!	
Jun 30 2008	Disappointing!!!	Quality of room and quality of service below expectations for a Sheraton. The rooms are looking old and the a/c could not seem to cool off the room. You would be better off finding a Hyatt or Hilton in the area. Or for a matter of fact, any other chain would be better.The guy at the front desk was rude when I inquired about getting the AAA rate before check-out. When I booked the room I asked if they offered any discounts. She did not mention AAA. At check-out the guy said that you have to inquire about a AAA discount and they will not offer it unless requested. To me it was more his rudeness that turned me off and not the information.Also, some people might like the fact that a water park is connected but I found loud people everywhere.	
Jun 16 2008 	Very nice room quiet stay and friendly staff	We spent one night in this hotel. We booked through hotwire and I was a bit concerned when I read the reviews. We had a great stay though and I would recommend this hotel to anyone. We arrived about noon and they let us check in early. The man at the desk was very friendly. Gave us a King room with a pull out bed for our adult son who was traveling with us. The room was huge, more like a suite. Very very quiet. Furnishings were nice. Feather pillows were wonderful (they had other types of pillows you could request). We had some partying people in the room next to us that got revved up about 1:30 am. A quick call to the desk and security took care of that issue in minutes. A relief since we had a very early flight. We were very pleased with what we paid for the room ($61 on hotwire) and would stay again. The one thing we didn't like was they charge for internet access, but overall it was great.	
May 28 2008 	A Few Quirks	This is a nice hotel. However, I thought it was a bit expensive considering Arlington Heights is not a prime location ($110 per night). Most that come to this hotel, especially in the cold months, do so for the indoor water park which was the reason I came. One thing I did notice, that if you are there for the water park, they basically put all of those people on the lower floors. So naturally, its noisier on those floors and there are usually kids roaming the halls and making noise, even as late as midnight. If you are not there for the water park, be sure to ask for a higher up floor away from the commotion. I got a room that actually had a double door that adjoined the room next door. I assume they were adjoining rooms for families or relatives as each side had a locking door but there was no insulation between them. It sounded like the people next to me were having a party as it was very noisy and I could basically make out most of the words they were saying next door. I'm sure if I could hear them talking, they could hear me on the phone with the front desk asking to be moved to another room because of the noise. Right after my call, it got very quiet next door but I moved anyway to the upper floor where it was totally quiet with no kids roaming the halls. I think for the average traveler its a bit expensive considering the location with not a lot going on around it. Even being relatively familiar with the area, it did not seem the hotel was close to any real restaurants or places of interest. I would say its more of a family hotel because of the indoor water park. If I were traveling alone or as a couple, I would not likely pick that hotel again. However, for a winter overnight or weekend getaway and if you are with kids, the increased room rate to about $180 will get you a night's stay plus four passes to the water park. However, no food is included. Otherwise, the indivdual water passes are like $27 each on top of the standard room rate.	
May 7 2008 	Room for Improvement	Stayed one night at this hotel. As far as the room goes, it had a comfortable Sheraton bed and nice desk but other items needed improvement. Poor picture quality on many television channels. Peeling wallpaper, cracking paint and chipped tiles in room and bathroom. Noisy air conditioner - turned it off and opened the window instead. Wi Fi wasn't working during my stay. Health club had decent equipment but two out of three treadmills were out of order. Health club air conditioning was not working making the room very warm and humid. Breakfast buffet was OK and Starbucks in the lobby is another convenient option. There is absolutely nothing in the area surrounding the hotel so be sure to have a car.	
Apr 24 2008	It was just fine	I stayed there for business without the family and had a good time. Stayed on preferred guest floor and had internet in room and a big desk to work from. Had a problem with a/c making noise at night and no one came. The next am I told manager and was treated to 20.00 worth of stuff in the Starbucks in the hotel and he apologized. It was not a big deal and I think I received the better end of the bargain.It is not a family style Hilton but for business it was fine. I think If I had the family with me I might have chosen a more family friendly hotel and visited for the waterpark.	
Apr 15 2008 	Only average rooms - I was disappointed..	We stayted at this hotel for one night over Spring Break. We had such a bad experience, we checked out a day early.We booked this hotel specifically for the water park. Per the hotel website you MUST be a hotel guest to go to the waterpark. THIS IS NO LONGER THE CASE!!!! You do not have to be a guest a the hotel - and you know what that means - it is very crowded. We arrived at 12noon and could not find any chairs to sit in. How can you order lunch and stand up to eat? Seriously! The waterpark in itself was nice - water was a little cool. Waterslides were fun and our children really enjoyed them. One note, the floor is very slippery so please be careful. Our daughter slipped and fell. She had a huge strawberry scrape on her upper thigh that cut our trip to the water park short. The hotel is okay. Rooms were a little on the old side - weren't as nice as the photo's online. We had a &quot;stray hair&quot; and brown substance in our hotel bed that totally grossed us out. Room walls are paper thin. We had a family accross the hall that had a screaming child and parents. We called down to the front desk 4 different times to have them resolve the situation. Finally, at 11pm they came to our floor and put an end to our screaming neighbors. We will not return to this hotel ~ if you are only interested in the water park get there fast and reserve your chairs!!!	
Apr 12 2008	Disappointing Stay	We arrived at the hotel at the check-in time we were told by the staff at the time of booking. After arriving, we were informed that the check-in time was changed to an hour and a half later. So my family and my friend's family, which includes small children, had to wait in the lobby with all our luggage for 2 hours, for they refused to give us a room. Also the manager clearly lied to us, telling us that there was a private New Year's party at the water park; therefore, they could not give us tickets to it. After asking other guests at the hotel, we found out that there was no private party at the water park, for they were all receiving passes. Overall, this is by far one of my worst experiences at a hotel, I would not recommend staying at this hotel.	
Apr 4 2008 	Won't Go back	It started off bad with check in. My boyfriends mom booked the rooms and she had already checked in when we got there. All we had to do was tell them her name. They said that they were all checked in. Long story short our rooms weren't ready and it was past check-in time and they didn't let us check out later to make up for the time. So we had to change in my boyfriends moms room. The water park is tiny and crowded. It is mainly for kids. There is one slide for adults and the hot tub that is for &quot;adults only&quot; was filled with kids. I can't believe that there were unsupervised kids in the hot tub! When we finally got to our room, it looked worn down. Not like the pictures at all. My boyfriends sister had to have some one come and fix their door. The vents looked dirty and the bathroom wasn't cleaned well. They charge $3 for the water that's in your room!!! There are only 3 elevators!! Luckily, we were on the 3rd floor so we ended up taking the stairs most of the time. It wasn't worth the wait. Breakfast ok, but not worth $14 a person. I won't be going back.	
Mar 27 2008	Couldn't get out of waterpark fast enough	Didn't stay at the hotel, just used the waterpark. Maybe this is the problem with the waterpark, it allows non-hotel guests. At least if they allowed half the amount of people, it would have been okay. It was so overcrowded the experience was horrific. I spent $200 for myself and 4 kids and felt absolutely robbed. Prior to our arrival, we intended to stay all day. I wanted to leave 5 minutes into it, my kids lasted only one hour and wanted to go. I agree with another reviewer, that the crowd this place attracts is a bit apalling. It is obvious that management could care less about the customer experience. It's just a cash cow to them. They should be forced to stay at their waterpark for an entire day, on a full capacity day and see just how miserable they would be. Could not pay me to return. Thank God I didn't book a room and have to stay any longer .	
Mar 25 2008 	Very good waterpark/hotel	We booked the waterpark/hotel spring break package and our family had a very good time. We have been to multiple waterparks and waterpark / hotels, so we know what we like and I have broken the review in to two parts.Waterpark – This was the primary reason we went and it was actually very good. No, it is not as nice as a Great Wolf Lodge, but not too far off considering the price. Good – multiple play areas, things to climb and get wet, the big bucket, multiple body and tube slides, lazy river, hot tub, activity pool, separate kids area, good lifeguard coverage, food in the waterpark as expected Needing Improvement – more sitting areas needed (feels a little cramped compared to a GWL), earlier open time (did not open till 11am), more staffing? – some areas were periodically closed I assume to being short on staffing, a little warmer air temperature (sometimes a bit cool)Hotel – the hotel was fine, yes it lacked in some areas, especially if it wants to cater to waterpark families. We avoided the high price of food by bringing our own or going out elsewhere (many places to eat close by) Good – we were able to check-in when we arrived and yes it was before check-in time, beds were comfortable, room was nice and clean, lots of storage in closet area, had Disney channel (important with kids) Needs Improvement – a fridge and microwave (we were at multiple hotels on our spring break trip and this was the only one without these items), HVAC – for whatever reason our room would not stay at the designated temperature, noise – yes due to the layout you can hear your next door neighbor, but a rolled up towel at the bottom of the door (the gap is large) solved this issue – we also could hear kids running and jumping up one floor during “quiet hours”, but a call to the front desk and they sent security to take care of the problem, more towel racks, allow an easy waterpark wristband exchange (you should not expect a wristband to last/be worn for multiple days)Overall a very good experience and we would probably go here again.	
Mar 19 2008	Great Front Desk Staff	Excellent front desk staff. Very nice, friendly and accomodating. The rooms were very clean and beds are extremely comfortable. The water park was fun. Would definately return...	
Mar 16 2008 	Don't even think about it	Where to start.... let's just do this numerically.1. The waterpark. We didn't go, so I can't comment on the inside. But a word to the wise... unless it's included in your hotel package, it's an extra $20 per person on the weekdays, $40 on the weekends. And the crowd that this thing draws is, well, appalling, We went on a Friday night, and there were screaming, obnoxious, UNSUPERVISED children EVERYWHERE. I've been to a lot of waterparks, and never have I seen such a scene. 2. The Pool. DISGUSTING. Again, I've been to a lot of hotel pools. I expect it to be a little gross, water everywhere, maybe even a little scum on the bottom, but this pool was horrific. I have never resisted a pool my entire life. But this was DIRTY. The area surrounding the pool was no better. And the hot tub? I did venture in there for literally a minute (again, unheard of for me. I can spend hours in a hot tub). It was luke warm, and frankly, the only reason I got in was because the bubbles hid the slime and SAND at the bottom (I'm presuming the sand was from waterpark stragglers.. I hope...)3. The room. Oh my. This would be the reason we left after only 2 hours. The pool would have been nice to use, the waterpark traffic can be avoided in your room, but... this room had bugs. LOTS of bugs. We killed two giant flies, and found about five more of their fallen comrads along the baseboards. There were also several half-dead lady bugs wiggling about. And judging from the big shoe prints and smudges on the walls and ceilings, had we stayed, there likely would have been many more giant flies throughout the night. One or two bugs may just be a coincidence... no place is free of them, even Chicago in March, but this was clearly an ongoing problem. We did not complain about the bugs, we simply checked out 2 hours after we checked in. No sense in asking for another room... I was grossed out! When we did check out, we mentioned that there had been several bugs in the room. The front desk guy replied &quot;Oh, lady bugs?&quot; as if it were expected that ladybugs be in every room. Perhaps they should list that under amenities. I had used my Starwood points to book the room, and the front desk assured me that I will get a refund on them in the next week. They were nice enough about it, though really didn't seem surprised by our experience... that, more than anything else, is enough for me to say: Never again! I doubt anyone went up to our room to clean out the bug corpses before the next guest checked in. In summary, it was dirty and run-down. If you'd like an indoor waterpark, I'd really try to pick a hotel that is also clean and comfortable.	
Feb 20 2008 	Noisy Dirty Showing It's Age	We stayed here over a weekend with family to enjoy the water park. Our room had obviously not been vacuumed as there was popcorn and popcorn kernels all over the floor. The coffeemaker was dirty as well, hair on the bathroom floor, etc. The plumbing - especially toilets - are incredibly loud and you hear the toilets of all of your neighbors 24/7. The doors are also very loud when closing - in fact, even if you try to close them quietly, it is impossible. The walls are paper thin - we could hear every word of our neighbors conversation - and they were speaking in conversational tones. Not to mention hearing everyone's TV's and ipods which made it very difficult to sleep. Also, the linens on the bed were one step above sandpaper. The water park, however, was great and the kids really enjoyed it. Service at the water park cafe and bar were friendly, life guards were vigilant, housecleaning was constantly picking up used towels, etc. Breakfast buffet at the Tradewinds restaurant was pricey but good and friendly service there as well. Bottom line - we'd go back to the water park but would never stay here again due to noise and dirty room. We expected much better both from a Sheraton and from the price we paid for the room.	
Jan 22 2008	Unimpressed	We did the Mommy and me special for $14 from 10 to 3 at the water park. The web page said it was $10 but the discount kept comming up $14. When I called instead of giving me the $10 price they changed their web page. When I got there I waited in line to get my wrist band. The lady in front of me was having trouble because her last $5 bill was torn. The desk clerk would not take it so he directed her to a cash machine in the hotel lobby. I got my wrist band without trouble and went to the locker room. I was surprised to learn that if I wanted a locker I needed to pay for it when I got my wrist band. The web page only says lockers are available for a fee. I thought I could feed a couple bucks in to a machine but that is not how they do it. They wanted $9 cash only and you could get $5 back when turned back in the key. I learned this from another mom who sent her mother in law to get her locker keys. It would have been helpful if they offered lockers to us when we got our wrist bands. I got the impression that the desk clerk did not want to bother with the lockers. The staff in general were very indifferent. Doing the bare minimum to keep their job. We went on a day that wasn't too busy but the place still felt cramped because the chairs and tables were smooshed together in small spaces around the pools. We had a nice time but I was so not impressed with the whole place. No need to go back.	
Nov 21 2007	Great Weekend Getaway	We stayed at this hotel for a weekend getaway the weekend before Thanksgiving. Arrived on Friday evening and stayed through Sunday afternoon. Travelzoo had a great rate of $119.00 per night, including 4 waterpark passes. We had a large room with 2 double beds. The waterpark is nice and kept the kids occupied (3 boys, age 10, 7, and 5). We have stayed at the indoor wateparks in the Dells, and while this one is not as big, it was still a nice weekend getaway. The pools and slide areas were very clean, and the service was great. The location of this hotel is great--very close to fantastic shopping areas (Woodfield Mall, IKEA, etc). The only negative was that the restaurant and room service were crazy expensive. We brought snacks and drinks along, and had burgers at the A and W (located within waterpark area) to avoid the additional expense.	
Oct 5 2007 	Nice place	Nice hotel in the 'burbs. Friendly, professional service, check in was fast and the MOST INCREDIBLE experience of getting on-line in my room to date! I opened my computer, and faster than I could start looking for the wireless system, the hotel service logged me in and BAM! my system was ready to go. I've never seen such seamless and fast access to a hotel's system before! This is highly valued to me since I was in a rush with the time of year for my business and did not have time to run into problems and call tech support to help me get on-line. The room was exceptionally sized, the sleigh bed very comfortable and provided a very good night's sleep.I'd stay there again on business or possibly even vacation given that they have an indoor water theme park connected to the hotel but unf. I did not have time to check out.	
Aug 27 2007 	family fun -- mostly	We recently stayed at the Sheraton / CoCo Key for one last family getaway weekend before the end of the summer. We had a blast!The waterpark is really great.. It's BIG and there are things to do for all ages (I have a 3 yr old and a 6 yr old, they loved it as did my wife and I!). There were literally life guards EVERYWHERE which was very nice to see. The guards were mostly attentive and effective (though the pair of girls that were at the top of the platform to regulate the big slides seemed to feel that chatting with each other and text-messaging on their cell phone was time better spent than actually watching things). Overall we felt the kids were really safe. The environment was pretty comfortable and we had no troubles finding chairs or tables to sit at to eat or watch the kids. The air temp. could've been a couple degrees warmer, especially over by the little-kids area.. standing half-in/half-out of the shallow water getting splashed, I'd feel a chill (compared to a stay at a Great Wolf Lodge, where the whole weekend we never felt even the hint of a chill). Really, the waterpark was fantastic..The room was nice, clean, and attractive... the bed was really comfortable. However my biggest complaint for our stay is that the hotel itself isn't really ready to be a family waterpark resort hotel... The main thing was the NOISE.. The walls seemed to be paper thin... and when you have familes with kids everywhere, there is a lot of noise! The arrangement with the room doors is odd, where there is a little alcove off of the hall that has the entrance for two rooms, which is fine, accept that you can hear EVERY coming and going of your neighbor. The doors are IMPOSSIBLE to close quietly so you hear doors slam all over the floor.. The toilets flush loudly, and from our room we could hear toilets flushing from every room anywhere near us... Of course all of this was made worse by the fact that we had fairly loud neighbors.... my oldest was even awoken at around 11:30pm by all the racket. Finally, one other minor thing, the price for breakfast room service was outrageous (we did not order). I expect that room service would be pricey, but a $10 continental breakfast or a $9 bowl of cereal?? I'm not spending $40+ on cereal and toast... So we hit the Starbucks downstairs, which was fine alternative (pastries, coffee and chocolate milk and all were happy!).When all is said and done, I can imagine that we will return at some point in the future (it's conveniently close-but-not-too-close so it makes a nice little getaway) and roll the dice that we have more subdued neighbors next time. It's fun and a decent price. They suffer when (inevitably) you compare them to more dedicated waterpark resorts (such as Great Wolf).	
Aug 19 2007 	You Better Love Lots of Children!!!!!	I have been staying here, at this Sheraton for 20 years; way back when it was the Arlington Park Hilton. Sheraton came in and made some great improvements to the common areas and especially, the rooms on the top floors. This hotel is my home when doing business in the burbs of Chicago...but the waterpark may have changed that forever. You should expect LONG check in lines at peak times, but nonetheless, a dated but comfortable and clean, very large room. The food is mediocre and the hotel shows signs of serious aging. My kids love love love this hotel. So, who am I to give it a bad review? I love MY kids and being around them....but the lobby is jammed with EVERYONE ELSE'S KIDS...and frankly, I'd rather not do business in a daycare center. I watched a few gents trying to have lunch the other day...while kids ran amuk through the lobby screaming..rediculous.	
Aug 18 2007 	Kids Had A Ball	I thnik some people are being overly critical. This is the real deal. 1st the checkin - I arrived at about 1:30 and my two rooms were not quite ready but he gave us the waterpark passes and upgraded one room to a king suite. Other people who checked in around me rooms were ready and were able to check in right away, but we wanted adjoining rooms. We did not get the adjoining rooms but they were close by and the upgrade to a suite was nice because all of 7 of us could relax in our living room.2nd the rooms- The room with the two double beds was O.K. nothing spectacular but not horible either. The king room was really nice. There were 2 televisions and a sofa sleeper. The only problem with the room was the doors, you really had to slam it the close it all the way.3rd and best of all the waterpark- My kids ages, 14, 9, 6, and 4 all loved the water park. We must have spent two hours on the lazy river itself. Then my 4 year old liked the dip in theater(no movie though- both days we were there) because of the slides that were just right for her. My 6 year old like that they had basketball nets in the smaller pool, so he didn't have to wrestle with the older kids in the bigger pool. my nine year old loved the tipping bucket in the middle. That area also had 3 slides that did not end in a pool so that was cool. My oldest like the big water slides, the two body slides and the two tube slides, he even convinced me to go on the tube slides with him. We all eventually went on the tube slides except for my 4 year old, a little too short and too scared(smile). We all enjoyed the whirlpool that went outside too. They even had a little splash pad outside too. Overall the waterpark was a big hit and it's nice to have something close to Chicago and not have to go all the way to the Dells. I would say it is a nice little get away for your family, my kids can't wait to go back during Christmas Break.	
Jul 24 2007 	Needs updating..	Stayed there with my husband, our 9 year old and our toddler and my parents. Hotel is a LONG way from city or subway. Hotel was very full, room check in was delayed. Water park is just so-so if you have been to others. SOOOOO many people in such a small wetand warm place with millions of kids and tweens - haven for bacteria for sure. It never felt clean not one day we were there. I'm not picky but there was SLUDGE everywhere by the afternoon, VERY DIRTY looking water. Afraid to let my kids go in but it's not like you can stop a 9 year old or a 2 year old. We were upgraded to a very nice room after spending the 1st night in a room without any TV - seems they don't have any extras. The room was nice. They advertise a few restaraunts but only one is open and thank God for Starbucks!! That was the saving grace for me. Management could of been much better, a few where sort of nice but boardered on rude - one evening manager (young guy) was very nice. Overall, if you are not interested in being into the city easily and if you want a winter escape to an indoor water park then I suggest you go. Otherwise it was a bit overpriced and could use a few more people in the pool area to clean up Also... expect to pay $120.00 one way cab fee from Midway - ridiculous!	
Jun 9 2007	Great Hotel and Waterpark	My two kids and I joined my husband at a convention there. We had a lovely, clean room. The restaurant had excellent food and fun for the kids watching tv at our table at breakfast. The waterpark was great, clean and the lifeguard staff all loved their jobs. I spent quite a bit of time talking to them while waiting for my kids to finish up in an area. The staff was all great and there was lots to do. We live in Chicago and would love to come back anytime.	
May 28 2007	Understaffed and poorly managed	We arrived at 2:30PM on May 27, 2007 for our 3:00 PM check-in. I have checked into many many hotels before and have never been turned away 30 minutes before check-in because &quot;it was too early&quot;. I was told this after waiting in line for 20 minutes. There were only 2 people working the front desk while over 10 people waited in line. So, I was told to come back at 3:00 PM, only 30 minutes later. I told the woman at the front desk that I didn't want to wait in line again and she assured me there would be no line. I was with my wife and 2 small children and we needed to check in our hotel room before going to the waterpark. We tried to stay positive so we went to check out the waterpark for a little while. The waterpark looked very nice but it was jam packed. Not one chair or table was available to sit. We went back to the lobby right away and the line was even longer. My wife told me to go back and get in line since it would take awhile to get to the front and it would be 3:00 PM by the time I reached the front of the line. I waited in line for 30 minutes as only 2 people worked the front desk. Everyone in line was very happy and tired of waiting. How could a huge hotel have only 2 people working the front desk?? We were all amazed. Now I had waited almost an hour, two times in line, just to get my room. Why couldn't I get my room at 2:30? Why make me wait in line twice? We got to our room and it was clean and nice, thank goodness.We headed down to the waterpark which was still jam packed with people. Nowhere to sit, nowhere to put our stuff down, no room for anything. We decided to go to dinner in the restaurant downstairs near the lobby later on that evening. NO hostess on duty, no bus boys, nothing. We had to wait, with other small children, and several other people, at least 20 minutes before being seated. Understaffed at the front desk, understaffed in the hotel restaurant, and overcrowded in the waterpark. Doesn't anyone know that Memorial Day weekend is a busy weekend and it might take some extra staff to run the hotel front desk, restaurant, etc? It was a very disappointing experience and we will not be back.	
May 27 2007 	Highly Disappointed. Shame on you Sheraton	5/26 - 5/28. We booked our hotel stay with Sheraton directly and reserved with a credit card for guaranteed late arrival. We are also Starwood Preferred Guest members. We arrived at the Sheraton at 9:55pm after driving for 14+ hours. The Sheraton was completely sold out but supposedly had one room left but wasn't sure if it was clean and ready for our stay. I waited for over 45 minutes (with screaming 3 year old twins driving my husband crazy) waiting for the Sheraton staff to (1) find a room and (2) see if it was cleaned. I was told that they had one n/s double room left because another guest had changed their mind at the last minute. This made me wonder why the last minute room change. Finally, after 45 minutes, we arrived at our room (218) which was a handicapped room. Although the room was very large, there was a big wet spot by the window (could be why the previous occupant changed rooms) that has yet to dry. Also, the carpet was filthy with pink stains under the desk and other stains throughout the room. The shower had little pressure so it took a long time to wash your hair. The lamp knob was broken so you had to borrow the other lamp knob to turn the broken lamp on. We had to ask for an ice bucket because ours was missing upon check-in. The room a/c was weak and it was quite humid in our room. We had a view of the dumpster and the employees smoking lounge/picnic area directly outside our window. Needless to say, we kept the curtains drawn. Another word to the wise, the Sheraton's all cater to pets so be prepared for pet nuisance(s), stained carpet, etc. I can't say I could recommend this hotel to others based on the overall condition of our room. I heard another couple, while waiting to check in, that they paid extra for &quot;club level&quot; room because they were supposed to get cocktails and continental breakfast. Neither were available so the front desk clerk compted them for a buffet breakfast which would have normally cost $12.00 per person. My husband and kids loved the waterpark. The only downfall was that it was a holiday weekend and packed with kids. So, beware....	
Mar 30 2007 	Fun for the Kids	We visited CoCo Keys in early March. With two children, ages 6 &amp; 7, the waterpark was a big hit. There is a zero depth area that has basketball nets and two small tot-friendly slides. There is a multi-level play area that leads to the bigger slides. Also a lazy river and a hot tub, in addition to a non-zero depth pool. Be sure to see CoCo the (real!!) red parrot at the towel pick-up. Lots of places to sit or recline and you can even rent private cabanas for an additional fee. Food service was okay...there is a Pizza Hut and A &amp; W for pizza, hot dogs, that sort of thing. Definintely a great way to spend the day!!	
Mar 17 2007 	Great addition.	We sent to the Shedd Aquarium yesterday, which is about 1-1/2 to 2 hours from where we live. We didn't want to drive the entire way home afterwards, so we found a great place to stay at this Sheraton. The room was fair, the beds SO COMFORTABLE, the pillows soft, and the waterpark is a great addition and with the package rate, a great deal. We had access to the waterpark from the entire day of our reservation date, as well as access for the entire next day, past check out. There's a seperate parking lot for the waterpark, as well as lockers to store your things. It was a great size and for our kids, 3 and 5, there was plenty to do. Even as adults, there's plenty to do as well. Tube slides, body slides, a water playground with 5 MORE slides, kiddie area with 3 more slides even, and a sport/activity pool, hot tubs, and a lazy river. There's a bar there, as well as a PIzza Hut &amp; an A&amp;W Fast Food joint. Check in and reservations were quick and easy, and checkout was as well. Great for either a quick destination trip, or like we did, a great pitstop. Wouldn't hesitate to stay again- and as a matter of fact, am sure we will, as they gave us a $15 discount for our next stay.The only thing that makes this &quot;above average&quot; instead of &quot;excellent&quot; is that a continental breakfast or something would've made the morning a lot nicer. We had to go in search of a McDonald's if we didn't want to spend more $$$ at the hotel restaurant. Also, the waterpark was chilly the 2nd day- but that might've been because it was pretty early when we went. And in the morning, we could hear our neighbors on both sides pretty well. Even toilets flushing and doors closing, that sort of thing. Some conversation.	
Mar 13 2007 	Not a great value	We stayed at the Sheraton to visit Coco Key for a quick family get away. We stayed the night of March 10th, just a Saturday nothing special. The hotel was at capacity. There were no seats in the waterpark, no lockers and no where to put your things. The kiddie area was jammed with everyone toddlers, teens and adults ..the toddler area is also the swim in theater area....not that you could hear a movie if you wanted to. The food areas and garbage cans were disgusting, there were people eating pizza in the kiddie pool. There were adults drinking beer while sitting in the kiddie pool, why aren't they in the bar? The pool was closed when a toddler with no &quot;swimmy diaper&quot; on and fouled the pool. They had to close it for 1 hour. They were not quick to clear the pool either, I did not like this. The Starbucks ran out of cream. Granted this is on their website but they had no roll aways or port a cribs but gave me a King Room and 4 wristbands for the water park, where were the other 2 people sleeping? I was not very impressed, I read the other review from Presidents day with a grain of salt thinking it was a BUSY weekend, but it was that way on a normal weekend. They came outside our room to check locks at 9pm Saturday night, thought that was strange. The elevators down had a 6-14 minute wait depending on the time of day. Quick hint...use the service elevator by vending machines to get down from the floors quickly. I was not very impressed, we have stayed in other water park/resorts. I know they are new and hope they get their act together. I would not bother going back any time soon.	
Feb 19 2007 	Staff needs some work on serving families	We stayed here over President's Day weekend, which might explain some of what happened. The hotel was at capacity, which led to long waits at the elevators and lots of cranky guests. The staff was overwhelmed, which surprised me - this place has never sold out before? Ever? I wonder if the fancy-schmantzy Arlington Millions crowd gets told that there are no extra blankets left.The kids LOVED the water park, the parents all looked annoyed because there were only enough chairs for about a quarter of the families there. The locker situation is also bad, so expect to spend time standing next to bags of your stuff while the kids are on the slides.The Starbucks in the lobby was sold out of everything but bran muffins by 7:30 am on Sunday morning. I guess it never occurred to them that families with kids might like to have breakfast in the room while the kids watch TV, but that kids don't really like bran muffins. The water park didn't open until 10:00 am, so everyone was milling around the lobby, getting impatient, for at least an hour. If I were the hotel manager, I'd open the arcade and rake in some bucks right quick from frustrated parents, but the arcade doesn't open until 10:00, either. And then, at 11:15 am, Pizza Hut was sold out of medium pizzas! 11:15 am! So much for planning for the weekend lunch rush. I couldn't decide if that was hilarious or just a pathetic ploy to get extra money out of me.So my advice is this: don't go on a holiday weekend, bring a cooler with your own breakfast supplies, expect to wait around a lot, and suck it up for the sake of the kids. The kids are going to have a great time.	
Feb 13 2007 	Great Water Park Addition	Very nice property. The water park was a very nice addition. It is perfect for kids 4-14. My family was just a bit young (6, 4, and 1) to fully enjoy the water park. We traveled mid-week - the water park was empty. I would recommend the hotel as a place to get away from a Chicago winter day.	
Jan 1 2007 	Renewed faith in customer service! CoCo Keys Rules!	My family went to visit for the grand opening of CoCo Keys Water Resort. My son is 8 and my daughter is 7. Not only did the kids LOVE the water park, so did the big people! With tube slides, body slides (for young and old), lazy river, water polo, water challenges, swim-in movie theater and AMAZING hot tub! The place was just amazing. The staff at the hotel and at the waterpark worked very hard to ensure that our trip was huge fun. I would recommend this hotel and water park to any Chicago family looking to escape the winter yicks. The fake blue sky is close enough on any gray day!	
Dec 16 2006	A Hotel Turned Home	Last summer, our house burt down and we were forced to live in a hotel while they rebuilt our house. We chose the Shearton Chicago Northwest because we knew it was by far the nicest hotel in Arlington Heights. The hotel staff was so nice and accomidating, and the hotel really did feel like home. We had two rooms connecting and they were big enough to live out of. It was nice to have tennis courts and basketball courts on the property because I play tennis and we have a basketball player in the family. GREAT STAFF, BIG ROOMS, GOOD RESTAURANTS, HOMEY FEEL. WATERPARK UNDER CONSTRUCTION NOW!!	
Oct 5 2006 	Far Far Away	This is really a nice hotel but I made a mistake in booking my stay here. I booked through Hotwire(which I love!) but I didn't know enough about the distance this hotel was from Chicago. Of course this isn't a problem if you intend to drive but I dislike driving when on vacation. If you don't drive, then be prepared to take the hotel shuttle(free) to the metro and take it into Chicago. A little inconvenient especially if you return a little late. :-) I have nothing but positive comments about the hotel, I chose it mainly because of the low price and this is totally my fault, but just be forewarned about the distance.	
Sep 3 2006 	Great Home Base For Exploring Chicagoland!	Hotwire led me to the Sheraton Chicago Northwest in Arlington Heights for a 3 night stay from 8/20-8/23/06. I paid $52/night for two large rooms (#817 &amp; #925). The hotel is just off the Euclid Ave. exit of IL 53 &amp; is also near the Woodfield shopping area, I-90, &amp; I-290.I had read the previous reviews on TA after I booked my stay at the Sheraton, so I was aware of what was going on. (That may have explained my low Hotwire rate.) At the time I stayed, the parking lot (but not the hotel entrance itself) was a little cluttered with construction activity for both the new waterpark &amp; some renovation activity taking place on the hotel itself. The hotel placed a placard in each room explaining what was going on, to its credit. I did not have any problems with construction noise during my time at the Sheraton, &amp; there was still ample parking to be had throughout my stay.Although I had not requested a room with two double beds in advance of my arrival, the staff was able to accomodate my request without any problem.My room had two large double beds with probably the most comfortable pillows I have ever seen. The climate control was very effective, with the thermostat allowing temperature control down to 0.5 degree. In general, no problems whatsoever. My only wish would be for a mini-fridge in the room.The hotel is located only about 5 minutes from a commuter station (Metra Rail, Arlington Park) which is great for trips into the city. If you are a Chicago Cubs or Bears fan, there is direct Pace bus service leaving from nearby Schaumburg to Wrigley Field &amp; Soldier Field. You will probably need a car to explore the immediate area, but the hotel provides shuttle service to O'Hare &amp; Enterprise rental cars are available at the front desk.So, all in all, a pleasant experience with this Sheraton.	
Jun 29 2006	Decent stay near airport. Waterpark coming 2006	Waterpark explains contruction comment in last post. I stay in this hotel once a year for a convention, and although rates didn't go up during contruction, they are expected to go up after it opens. The rooms are large (enough to sleep 2 extras on daybeds), have always been clean, have comfy beds and it's quiet. Their meeting rooms are sprawled, and it can be quite a walk. I also think their older main areas look a bit worn. I've found it to be safe, and the hotel staff to be very understanding during a crowded event. Overall, I recommned this hotel for meetings and conventions, and to individuals, but only if you get a good rate. One issue: We spilled some red drink mixer in the bathroom, used hotel towels to clean it up, and they charged us for the towels, since they said it wouldn't come clean, even though they washed it twice. For what they charged us, would have liked to at least keep the towels.	
Jun 25 2006	Average place decent price		
Jun 14 2006	Best Rate Guaranteed NOT GUARANTEED		
May 7 2006	Great pillowsgreat location for Arlington horse racing		
Apr 12 2005	What a Wonderful Stay!!		
Nov 1 2004	beautiful hotel...awesome pool		
Aug 24 2004	Sheraton NW was a great stay		
Jun 19 2004 	What a pleasant stay!!!		
Sep 19 2003	Handsome full-service hotel		
Sep 17 2003	Great place!!		
Jul 23 2003	Great for any Party Reception!		
