Oct 6 2009 	Totally recommend it	This is an inexpensive hotel smack in the center of downtown. 10 min walk to Grant Park. 15-20 min walk to the beginning of the Magnificent Mile. The rooms are not huge, but a comfortable size - only the bathroom stands out as small (there is no bath, only a shower), but that wasn't a big deal for me. Everything you need is still there. The rooms are very clean. Temperature comfortable. Had no problem sleeping in this hotel, except that you could hear other guests slamming shut their doors, which actually startled me a couple of times. Oh, and the purified chilled water comes really handy! All in all I was very satisfied with this hotel.	
Aug 30 2009 	great place to stay	We have only stayed downtown a couple of times, but this hotel had to be the nicest one we have stayed in. The rooms were comparable to the other hotels we have stayed in, and for the price we do not expect that much. What set this place apart from the other ones were the staff. Very friendly and very helpful on whatever we asked, I never felt like we were inconveniencing them with a question as I have felt at other hotels.The location is good for downtown, within walking distance of anything down there. Took the red line to Wrigley to catch a game.Would recommend this hotel to anybody.	
Jun 17 2009 	It's just ok	My husband and I chose this hotel because of its great location and great price. At first we were given keys to a room that would not open. We had to go back downstairs. They assigned us to a different room. We believe that they actually sent us to a room that was already in use! As we were walking in the hallway to the room, I jokingly told my husband that it seemed that the side of the hallway that our room was on felt like it was an interior room and wouldn't have windows. Unfortunately, I was correct. Instead it had two large skylights by the doorway. (The original room we were assigned to would have had windows!) There was a control on the wall for blinds on the two skylights, but unfortunately it only moved the blinds for one of the skylights. The rest of the room was quite small with a double bed. The bathroom was fairly large, but it had a large shower with no bathtub. I felt like it was a giant version of a bathroom from a cruiseship. The double bed was quite uncomfortable, and the pillows were horrible. Neither of us slept well at all either night. The temperature of the room didn't help things either.I noticed in an earlier review that someone had problems with getting heat in the room. We had the opposite problem. We could not cool down the room. I even set the thermostat at 55 degrees, and it was still quite warm. The hallway outside the room was much cooler! I also saw other reviewers complain about hearing doors slamming all of the time. It was an annoyance for us too. We ate breakfast at the attached restaurant and had a very good experience there. Service was great, and the food was quite good. You can't beat the location and price, but you get what you pay for. The room was very clean, but I would be willing to pay more for a decent night's sleep. Even my back was sore for a couple of days after staying there! As I understand, this is also a Club Quarters, a place businesses use for clients. If I were a client staying there, I wouldn't be very happy with the business sending me there!	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Place!	I traveled twice to this hotel, once in May with another couple and again in June with my boyfriend. It was quiet, had a restaurant downstairs., coffee makers, and ome have refrigerators and microwaves.Good stay	
Jun 4 2009 	great place to stay downtown but expect to walk or take a taxi	Close to most places but by taxi, if you want to only walk close distances stay on Michigan Av/Magnificent mile which is 2- 3 times more expensive.note, there is no breakfast. Also if you have a Mac or iphone, internet will take a while to get going but keep trying.	
