Sep 13 2009 	Near Chicago hot spots	I stayed at Oakwood for 6 months on business in Chicago and one could not ask for a better place. The staff was gracious and helpful. The room was bigger than my apt in Scottsdale. The views were spectacular. They had a great pool and workout room on the 25th floor. I had maid service wkly and they weren't quite bright because they kept using a vacuum that didn't work. They let me bring my two cats with me which is an incredible advantage. It was within walking distance to Michigan Ave, the El and some fantastic restaurants and bars.	
Jul 21 2008 	Something for everyone!	I stayed at the Oakwood for 6 weeks on business. I couldn’t have been happier with the experience!My company booked this for me. I was looking for somewhere I could stay longer term, but bring my dog…the Oakwood is very pet friendly! The location is beyond compare, right in the heart of a fun part of Chicago, and a short (say, 30 min on a bad day) walk to where I worked in the Loop. It’s also close to two subway stops.The staff couldn’t be friendlier or more helpful. They make an effort to get to know you, and will bend over backwards to meet your needs.My apartment was lovely. I stayed in a one bedroom, which suited my needs just fine. The combined living/dining area was spacious, furnished with a dining room table, a little desk, living room furniture consisting of sofa, loveseat, and end/coffee table, along with a nice TV armoire. The bed I had was king size, and the bedroom had a TV as well. There’s an enormous closet in the bedroom…in fact, for what it is, there’s plenty of closet/storage…in addition, there’s two closets in the other living area. The kitchen was quite fully furnished with dishes, utensils, and pots and pans (all I would have hoped for that wasn’t there was a pizza wheel), with a full size fridge and stove/range, and a dishwasher. A toaster and coffee maker are also there. My dishwasher did not seem to work well at all, but I did not realize this until the end of my stay. My view overlooked the Hard Rock and Rainforest Cafes, and the big Rock and Roll McDonalds…with a view of the downtown part of the city beyond. It was a very cool nighttime view. Also notable, the building is amazingly quiet, it doesn’t appear to have the standard thin hotel walls.Housekeeping services were optional, but my company sprung for weekly services. The housekeepers vacuumed, cleaned the kitchen and bathroom…and the bedroom as well when my dog was not there. They run all dirty dishes through the dishwasher. As mine worked poorly, that just made more work for me, but I am sure the Oakwood will remedy this now that they know it’s broken.There’s no shortage of restaurants in the neighborhood, and great ones at that. In addition, Michigan Avenue is a short (maybe 4-5 blocks) walk, and the lakefront is just a few blocks beyond that. Given the train stops that are so close, you can easily get anywhere from the Oakwood. There is a parking garage attached to the Oakwood, so if you drive, your car is always conveniently nearby. They will issue you an access card so you can come and go easily.You have to look for pet friendly outdoor locations for your dog to…do what it has to do…but they’re around. Just a block over on Superior, my dog was satisfied with a strip of mulch and grass. A little longer walk (maybe 4-5 blocks) and you’re at Washington Square Park…a lovely little oasis in the city, and a great place to meet other dogs. I originally planned on jumping through the hoops to gain access to the city’s “Dog Friendly Areas”, but they were all just a little too far to be practical and used enough. The city street walking, along with the close park, turned out to be fine.The 25th floor has an indoor pool, terrace area with gas grill and patio furnishings, meeting areas, exercise room, locker rooms, and laundry facility…pretty comprehensive perks that were very convenient.The Oakwood tries to cater to everyone, and succeeds…I met people who were in town for a weekend vacation, others like me in town for extended temporary work, families making a temporary home there while they are in the midst of a relocation, and people who resided there full time…what an interesting mix, and the Oakwood can suit them all. The Oakwood and its’ staff helped make an unwanted extended work assignment into a positive…any other work I have in Chicago, I’ll return to the Oakwood without question.	
Jul 11 2008 	Great Home Away From Home	Spent a month working in Chicago, and the company booked this room for us. Very cozy, comfortable, well-secured, and friendly front desk. Decorated fairly nicely - the apartment had some personality to it, and didn't feel like a chain hotel. Televisions were old and starting to get blurry, and the one in the bedroom didn't work at all (we didn't care, though - the one in the living room worked). Exercise room was small. Within walking distance of several nice bars and restaurants, and Whole Foods.	
Jun 4 2008 	Oakwood Chicago great stay great price	Stayed at the Oakwood Apts in Chicago and couldnt have had better at the price I got. 2bed 2bath fully furnished heated pool sauna the works located next to Hard Rock cafe, close to house of blues and only four blocks from Michagan Ave. Cant beat it and the staff was great told me of some great eating spots. Thanks again for the great stay, Vito and Crystal	
Apr 1 2008 	Perfect for the Price	This turned out to be perfect for our girls trip to Chicago. Very close to shopping and restaurants. We had two large bedrooms, two bathrooms, a living area, and a kitchen. Since there was a Whole Foods around the corner, we were able to stock up on breakfast and snack supplies. The front desk was very helpful with recommendations and directions. This is normally used as corporate housing, so things seem a little different than a traditional hotel. Furniture was a little worn, but linens were very nice. There were TVs and extra towels in each room and the kitchen was stocked with cookware. The price was about $100 less than an other hotels in the area, and we loved the extra space.	
Mar 13 2007 	Great furnished apartment	Stayed here for one week while visiting Chicago. It was wonderful to have a fully furnished apartment rather than a cramped hotel room. The location is unbelievable and the staff is super friendly. Would highly recommend.	
