Aug 23 2009 	OK....	We recently stayed here for just one night as we were in town for a concert at the nearby Toyota Park.The hotel was off of a main street, back in a little complex with a bunch of other hotels and a couple of restaurants. The room was OK - seemed clean and bed was comfortable enough. They did require you to have a parking permit - cost of $10 seems a bit much.I would only stay here if I again was taking an early morning flight out of Midway, or going to another show at Toyota park - otherwise no reason to be in the area	
Aug 16 2009 	Dissapointing and Dirty	I travel about 25 times/year for business, and stay mainly in Hilton Family (Embassy Suites) or Marriott Family hotels.Lobby area was average, not terribly pleasant, but fine. As soon as I walked into my room, I almost did a double take and walked back out. Was #41, which is at the end of the hallway, and not only was it much smaller than I had expected, the furnishing were outdated, drab, dirty and in disrepair. I arrived at dinner hour and was checking out before 7am the next morning, so all I was looking for was fresh, clean, pleasant.The furniture was so old and outdated and just didn't make sense in the room, the tv was perched on such a low bureau and situated next to the bed (not head on) so it was almost impossible to watch tv from the bed. The 'sofa' looked like worn dorm furniture. Being that I travel a lot for business, I am not terribly germ phobic, but this was the first room which made me feel squeamish. The carpet felt like indoor/outdoor carpet. I had to move the curtain to allow the a/c to circulate, and when I picked up the curtains, they were very dirty and dingy. Yuck. 2 out of the 4 lights in the room did not work, and the other blinked erratically. The kicker was that the toilet didn't flush. Best part of this stay was leaving for my meeting at 7am the next day.Understand the convenient location and all, but as there are at least 3 other hotels in the complex, I would certaintly recommend to my colleagues to avoid this one.Sorry, Marriott, this one just isn't up to par. Felt much more like a motel, and for the same $ as the Marriott Oak Brook (where I usually stay), was just a joke. I'm glad this wasn't coming out of my own pocket.	
Aug 21 2008 	Pretty nice stay at Midway	We had a late flight into Midway and needed a place to sleep before a day of fun in Chicago, so I booked a room through Priceline, and ended up at the Courtyard. For the price I paid, it was a great value. If I had paid full price, I might have wanted more pizazz. But the room was roomy and clean, with very nice comfortable beds and bedding. I left behind my eyeglasses, on the floor of all places, and the staff was very helpful in getting them back to me in perfect condition. No noise problem, even being close to the airport. Shuttle service from the airport was great, even with our 1 AM arrival. A number of eating options attached to the hotel, or within walking distance. Features I saw but did not use: Nice looking (smallish) indoor pool and very basic fitness room.	
Sep 10 2007 	Not worth the price	As Marriott rewards customers, we have stayed at many Marriotts and many Courtyards. This one just wasn't up to snuff in our opinion. Yes, it is convenient to Midway (by shuttle) and to downtown (by El). The lobby is, well, motel-like (it is what it is). The room is okay, clean (except for some mold in the shower) with a comfortable bed and good shower. But there was that mold in the shower, and the air conditioner sounded like a jet engine taking off every time it cycled on. All in all, I think it's way overpriced. If I were to stay at Midway again (a viable option if you're arriving late, since getting into the city the next day is so darn easy on public transportation), I'd find a less expensive option like a Days Inn or Sleep Inn.	
Aug 12 2007 	Very Relaxing!	Near Midway, but not so close that the planes bother you. In fact, we rather enjoyed watching them fly in! This was SUCH a clean and comfortable place to stay. It was very relaxing to come back to after a busy day downtown. The hotel is in a complex with a lot of other hotels. We felt very safe there. They also have a 24 trolley that will take you to/from Midway and the El station, although we didn't use it. The Friday's restaurant attached to the hotel was very convenient to grab a bite before heading out for the evening. We even got desserts to go and ate them in our room when we returned.We paid $169 a night (before taxes) which included the $10 a day for parking (unless they just forgot to add it onto our bill). We felt that it was VERY worth it even tho we had to drive about 25 minutes to get to our destination each day.Once again, a great experience with Courtyard. I've never had a bad one!	
Aug 6 2005	Nice park and Fly Option	Stayed here for 1 night before leaving from the Midway airport. The location can't be beat if you are flying out of Midway. This hotel is in a complex with other hotels surrounding the Midway airport. There is a Friday's attached to the Courtyard, though we didn't try it. Our room was a bit small but clean and new looking. The staff was very friendly. The shuttle service was very prompt in taking us to and from the airport. We would not hesitate to stay here again for a park and fly.	
Oct 13 2004	Wonderful classy hotel	Usually airport hotels are very loud and the service is usually lacking. This hotel exceeded our expectations. The lobby is beautiful and bright, the entire staff were very VERY!! polite, we checked in in 2 minutes. We stayed in July and the pool/ outdoor gazebo lounge area was wonderful both during day and at night. The hotel is in a &quot;center of hotels&quot;. The area has lots of fast food places and a large strip mall near by. We took the FREE shuttle to airport and took subway to downtown for sightseeing. other things: Free parking, Free shuttle, attached TGI FRidays, premium cable including ESPN and HBO, very nice fitness area. Large spacious rooms. OUR room had a balcony overlooking pool. We booked this hotel &quot;blind&quot; from an online bid service the day of check-in. Our bid price was 55.00 (reg price we found out later is 140)!!! Would and have recommended to anyone!!!	
