Nov 21 2009	Family stay in Queen Double Suite	Had a lovely stay in this hotel. We stayed for 4 nights on the 23rd October 2009. We had a Queen double suite. It was a good size. It had a separate bedroom with 2 Queen beds. The separated living area had a sofa, a microwave, fridge and sink. Both rooms had a big flat screens TV's. It was great to have the space as I was staying with my Mum and sister. Location was perfect. Two blocks from Magnificent Mile. One block from the Metro and 2 blocks from the River. Very easy to get everywhere. There was a Starbucks and the State Street Bread Company for breakfast. We ate in the State Street Bread Breakfast each morning. They had cereals etc along with the usual waffles, pancakes and breakfasts. Averaged $8-$10 each day. There was free wired internet access in the rooms, along with a business centre that had two pc's with internet and printers. (Hading for doing on-line check-in) There is a fire station is a block away but it didn't cause much a problem. Heard one or two fire trucks but it wasn't a problem during the night. I had booked as part of a package on eBookers.com so we got a good rate. Would definitely stay here again.	
Nov 11 2009 	Excellent stay	My husband and I stayed here in August 2009, and had a very pleasant stay. This is not the Magnificent Mile Courtyard, this is the one they call Downtown River North. It's very clean, always people there, felt very safe. The pool is nice and the jaccuzzi is HOT! There's a small restaurant and a Starbucks in the lobby, and it's only two blocks from the train station to the north. Walk a few blocks the other way, you're on the Magnificent Mile, and one or two blocks to the south you can cross over the river on one of the bridges. It's a great central location to stay at in Chicago, and I'd stay here again for sure.Free hair dryer, iron, and ironing board. PLUSH pillows! Flat screen TV.	
Nov 9 2009 	Very nice Hotel	Spent one night at the Courtyard-Downtown and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the staff and accomodations. From the doorman to the maids, all of the staff made our trip extra special. Although the rooms were a little on the small size, they were clean, quiet and comfortable. Hotel food was not all that special, but there are many restaurants within walking distance. Bathrooms were clean. This is a no-complaint hotel. Price for parking is outrageous. ($45/night)	
Oct 31 2009 	Excellent choice	I stayed in this Courtyard for a total of 6 nights and was really pleased with the hotel. Location's great. Just a 5 min walk from Michagan Av so no inconvenience from the street noises. Front desk staff is really friendly and very service-oriented. Igor, the supervisor, is very helpfull. And don't forget the funny and friendly bellboy (Ronnie was his name I thought). But most of all my king suite was amazing. It was at the end of the hallway and was huge. Nice sitting area with a flatscreen, great boxspring bed with a 2nd flatscreen. Bathroom is well equipped. Free internet connection (with a wire) in the room. I went to the pool twice which was quite good as well. Only disadvantage from the surroundings was the lack of (take-away) restaurants. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Oct 10 2009 	Good basic Courtyard	1. Staff were exceptionally friendly.2. Room was fine except that shade would not go up (not that it mattered for me since I was only there at night).3. Receptivity for my iPhone was terrible. I had to go outside to the sidewalk to make a call.4. I was disappointed that Fitness Center had no water dispenser.	
Oct 8 2009 	Not worth the money...	I took the family to Chicago over the holiday's. I booked the room online. When I arrived, I was very disappointed because the room was old looking and run down, the room service was extremely slow, one of the two beds actually collapsed when my father laid down on it &amp; he isn't a very big man. Instead of waiting three hours for maintenance to come up, which we did try to do, we ended up We ended up having to sleep on the floor because the pull out couch was also broken. We would have left for another hotel, but it was Christmas in the windy city and with snow coming down, all the hotels booked and show tickets that we had to attend, gave us little options but to stay in that room. Never again. Shame on Marriott, I expected better.!	
Sep 16 2009 	Clean hotel with a capable and friendly staff make for a good stay	I enjoyed my stay at the Courtyard Downtown River North. The staff was very friendly and the hotel was clean and comfortable. The location, on Hubbard Street near many bars and a short walk from both the Magnificent Mile and the river tours, is ideal.	
Sep 11 2009 	Excellent bargain close to everything excellent staff...	This is my second visit here. Staff is excellent and attentive. Good on the first floor, easy to get around. Excellent value.	
Aug 11 2009 	Reasonably priced for the location	The Courtyard Marriott Downtown is a wonderful hotel located minutes from most tourist attractions of Chicago. Its location makes it one the best places to stay in Chicago if you are visiting as a tourist. It is located two blocks west of the Mag mile and 2 blocks north of the Chicago river making it possible to walk to the shops and attraction of the Mile as well as to the Millennium park complex. Another plus is the free trolley service from right outside the hotel to the Navy Pier which runs all thru the tourist season. We used this to get to and back from the Navy Pier. But be prepared to wait a while for the trolley to appear. The Hotel has all the standard amenities and our room which had a king bed was a decent size and quite comfortable. The street noise can be a little bothersome on the lower floors. The State Street Bread &amp; Co restaurant attached to the hotel was adequate at best, nothing very special and the full buffet breakfast that we had there was quite pricey nearly 19 $ per head. The hotel staff was very helpful, and accommodated our request for an early check in without a murmur. They also gave us some good suggestion for dining out . There were a few good eating places nearby.	
Jul 30 2009 	It’s Okay if You’re Okay with Just Okay	The Marriott Courtyard is just about as neutral as it gets for a downtown hotel. I found it to be “just okay.” But for the price, the Courtyard is a reasonable option. Yet even with a good rate (for Chicago in the summer), the total tab was over $500 for two nights’ stay including room, taxes, and parking.This was a work trip but being from Indy, I drove and took my family. Check-in was very friendly, as were the bellmen and doormen. The hallway had a bit of an odor but the room did not. The room was nicely decored and good sized. Beds were comfortable but only had down pillows (I hate down pillows, just a hangup I have). Climate control worked though it was hard to cool down the room even when cranking the A/C all the way. Room amenities included a coffee maker, mini-fridge, cheap hair dryer, iron, and ironing board. No room safe. Wired internet was free and worked well. Hallway noise was not good and I was awakened a number of times by people in the next room talking and coughing. The toilet was what I call a EuroFlush – powerful, industrial-strength flushing that sounds like a 747, often seen in Europe but rarely in the US – and could be heard through the walls.Cleanliness was neither bad nor great. An assortment of hair of various colors was pasted to the shower wall and even the ceiling. Corners of the shower and floor were grungy. Walls were stained and discolored in places. Caulking was messy. The shower room had no vent, so condensation collected on everything. Hotel amenities include a small pool, hot tub (which had some unidentifiable funk on the bottom that looked like sand or salt), and a nice outdoor deck with barbecue grills. A small business center had equipment that was all out of order. There is a lounge, a small commissary, a Starbuck’s in the lobby, and a restaurant called State Street Bread Company with surprisingly good food.Situated on the corner of State and Hubbard, the location is very good and only about a block from the intersection of Michigan Ave and Wacker Dr, from which you can see what has to be one of the most phenomenal cityscapes in the world. It is a short walk to much of what downtown Chicago has to offer.Like all of downtown Chicago, parking cost is an absolute nightmare and if you are driving you have to factor this in. The Courtyard charged $45 (self-park was $37) per night. Unlike many of the shameless downtown parking extortionists, the hotel does not try to trim more money off you by charging for “in and out privileges.” If you’re not familiar with this concept, it is the practice of charging you an exorbitant sum to park and then charging $5-10 each time you want to use your car.I doubt I would stay here again, simply because of the many other options available downtown. But if you are okay with just okay, I would recommend it. Hope this helps.	
Jul 22 2009 	Great location and staff	The hotel is in a great River North location on State and Hubbard. We have stayed there before . The staff tells us where to go for real Chicago experience. For example they sent us to Mother Hubbards Sports Pub for BBQ Ribs and our Twins game instead of ESPN. where we were headed. We had a great time.There is a Starbucks right in the Hotel.We just ran down and got our fix in the morning.Hotel has an indoor pool also.	
Jul 21 2009 	Great choice if you can get a good deal!	The location of this hotel is terrific -- close by shopping, transportation, and attractions. We stayed here once before for a family event, and returned again because of the great low rate we got. There were a few things, though, that detracted from the stay. I hesitate to complain because of the great rate, but if I had to pay regular price I think I would choose another nearby hotel (the Residence Inn River North or Springhill Suites River North). The things that bothered me -- internet connection was wired, not wireless; no newspaper delivered; water was slow to get hot; elevators very slow. Also, our room was not made up until we called at 5:00 p.m. after returning from the day out. None of these are deal-killers -- just things that would probably send us elsewhere if it were not for the rate.	
Jul 19 2009 	Poor Customer Service	I am a Marriot Gold member with over stays of over 70 night in 2009. I made a hotel reservation to spend 2 nights ( 17 July-18 July, 2009) at the Courtyard Hotel using the Marriott Reservation line. I found a certificate for Gold Members at the Marriott website for a “Treat Yourself to a weekend Escape and a free 2nd night”. I confirmed with the reservation agent that this was valid for my stay and he did. He said I just needed to print out the webpage and give it to the desk at check-in. At check-in I presented the certificate to the front desk. They called the “Marriott Rewards Hotel Resource Desk” and confirmed it was valid and would be honored. I spent the 2 nights at this hotel and just hours before my check-out I received a phone call from the desk telling me they made a mistake and the certificate was not going to be honored and I was going to be charged for the 2nd night. If I would have been told this at the time I made the reservation, or at check-in time, I would have made other arrangements. I have filed a complaint with the BBB. I do not see how they can get away with something like this. Stay somewhere else while in Chicago.	
Jul 8 2009 	Nice Hotel- Nice Location	Typically good Courtyard by Marriott. Very comfortable room with great King bed and flat screen HD TV. Minor problems with tub not draining and non-functional clock-radio were handled promptly with follow-up to insure satisfaction. Fire station a couple of blocks away makes several runs each evening but siren noise was transient and tolerable. Millennium Park, Grant Park, Magnificent Mile, Loop, Navy Pier all within walking distance. Bus stops on Michigan or Wacker plus el station three blocks away puts entire city at your fingertips. Nice open patio next to pool on 6th floor can be used for picnics. Nice hot tub, modestly sized pool. Very nice fitness center. Would definitely stay here next trip to Chicago,	
May 22 2009 	Lovely clean and convenient.	Our extended family booked four rooms at this hotel for a family wedding. The hotel is beautiful and very clean. The location is in the River North area within walking distance to The House of Blues and other nightlife, dozens of popular restaurants, shopping and sightseeing. The room was comfortable and clean. The beds were very comfortable. There were beautiful photos of Chicago on the walls. The negative would be the sink/closet area. The bathroom contained the tub/shower and toilet. The sink was outside in a kind of alcove, adjacent to the room closet. It made it tough when one person was at the sink and another wanted to get into the closet or go into the bathroom. I was surprised that there wasn't a blow dryer mounted by the sink. I came to find out later that it was in a bag, hanging in the closet. There was also an ironing board and iron in the closet. My biggest negative was that onsite parking was $45 per day. You have in and out priviledges, but you'll need to tip each time. We used Marriott Reward points to pay for our room, but others in my family spent around $189 per night and still had to pony up the $45 per night parking. Another negative was service. My sister-in-law checked in first and gave her credit card for her room and for a second room for her brothers. She specifically reminded the front desk staff that the second room occupants were to be told that the room was taken care of. When my brother-in-law checked in, the clerk ran his debit card, resulting in pending charges on his card, thereby limiting his use of the card. It took two tries with the staff to get the whole thing taken care of. Another problem was at check out. We had items in refrigeration and needed the bell staff to retrieve them. There was only one bellman working at noon on a Saturday and it took some time before we could get our items. There is a sandwich restaurant in the hotel and a Starbucks.	
May 6 2009 	Got what I paid for - good thing I didn't pay much...	I got a TravelZoo tip on a hot deal at the Courtyard River North and booked a two-room King Suite with sofabed for $109 for a family trip to see the Cubs play and to show our young boys some sights of the city. As a regular visitor to Chicago I know this is a great rate for May. I am glad I didn't pay much because the staff really dropped the ball on our stay. Upon check-in, I noted that we were four (4) persons on our reservation and, indeed, there would be foru (4) persons using the room. I wanted to be sure the sofabed was made up for sleeping. Igor at the front desk, who checked us in, assured me the sofabeds are always made up. I had asked for a refrigerator and a &quot;feather-free room&quot; and Igor assured me both were taken care of as they had assigned me - at my request - suite 1515 that overlooks State Street. My wife had stayed in this room on two previous girls trips to the city and it's one of the best in the property.Based on Igor's assurance, we didn't bother to check either the pillows or the sofabeds and headed out quickly for a stroll to the Signature Room at the Hancock and dinner at Boston Blackie's. Upon our return, we found the sofabed as not made up and every pillow in the room was filled with down. Our boys were exhausted and wanted to go to sleep ASAP. We also noted the A/C unit wasn't responding to our lowering of the temperature on the thermostat so I called the front desk to ask for both linens for the sofabed and for an engineer to come fix the A/C problem. Housekeeping didn't show up for :20 minutes and brought only linens and one pillow. It took him another :15 minutes to bring the extra pillow and the engineer came at this time. I am sorry, but :35 minutes is TOO LONG to have to wait for any service of this type. I know this is but a three-star property but I regularly stay at three-star Marriott properties on business and they are most often very responsive. This time - when I really needed responsiveness - this Marriott property did not deliver. When I made the management aware of this at the time of the occurrance they said they were sorry - that's it. There was no offer of any compensation for the bad service. I suspect it had a lot to do with the rate that I paid for the room, and if that's the case, shame on them.	
Apr 21 2009 	Everything was PERFECT!!	In lieu of not having enough money to send my teenager to a warm climate, I took her and 2 of her friends to Chicago. We went on a Thursday and come home on Saturday. I chose this hotel upon a recommendation from a friend that had stayed there and it was literally one of the nicest places I've stayed. Unbelievably it was only $65/night with my AAA discount in CHICAGO!! We got a King room with a pull out couch and both were very comfy. The room came with a fridge and a microwave and there were french doors closing off the king bed and bathroom from the living room area. It was absolutely perfect for teenagers and a mom....Room was clean, staff was VERY courteous, room was quiet (albiet the traffice noise, but can't help that in Chicago). They even let us check in a few hours earlier and check out an hour late. The place was only a few blocks of the Magnificent mile and very close to the Navy Pier as well. I would definitely stay here again if I went to Chicago and would HIGHLY recommend it!!	
Apr 21 2009 	A Good Choice for Us	For a last minute trip we scored with this hotel. Our rate was $79 a night for two doubles. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable. The location was good, two blocks from the red line and right on bus route 29. We did a power tour of the museums, aquarium and zoo; and this was a good location for our &quot;base camp&quot;. The pool and fitness center is shared with a neighboring condo complex. The fitness center is very good, the pool is average and needed cleaning, the hot tub was good. I would stay here again and certainly would have expected to pay a higher rate.	
Apr 20 2009 	Good Times	We come to Chicago at least once a year. Not real loyal to any particular hotel, whoever has the best rate, but try to stay in the River North area because it's close to everything. Got a GREAT rate using my Marriott Rewards card...this hotel was very clean and the staff was great...house keeping even stopped by to see if everything was ok in our room. Would for sure stay here again! Not to mention Marriott has the BEST BEDS EVER!!!	
Apr 17 2009 	Great Stay- lots of fun	We just returned from a wonderful stay at the Courtyard Marriott on Hubbard. We flew in to O'Hare and purchased the CTA visitor passes and used public transportation for our stay. We had no problems, everyone at the stations were quick to help , they are easy to navigate, very clean and we never felt unsafe.The subway is only a two minute walk to the hotel- very easy walk. The bus to the Navy Pier and other bus routes are very easy to walk to. Never had any problems getting where we needed to go from hotel. The hotel was great, quick check in, everyone is very helpful with suggestions on where to eat, how to get to your destinations, and any other questions or needs we had. The room was very clean, plenty of space, plenty of storage, immaculate bathroom, great housekeeping. My son enjoyed the indoor pool every afternoon. Having the Starbucks in the lobby was very nice.There seems to be a Starbucks or 7-11 on every corner, so getting coffee or drinks/snacks was never a problem. There is a Subway sandwich on the side of the hotel, and across the street was Shaws seafood restaurant, very good.Sears Tower was great, Field Museum is a must, Lincoln Park Zoo and the Lakefront area were fun. The Blue Man Group had us smiling the entire time. The Navy Pier has tons to do. The line at Shedd Aquarium was so long and it was very windy on the lakefront, so we didn't wait. Shoppers galore on Michigan Ave, don't miss the cool Lego store! So much to see that we missed.Can't wait to come back and visit again!	
Apr 2 2009 	Great stay!!!	we stayed here march 28-30th. I was very pleased with the hotel. close to everything. we had a nice room on the 15th floor. the hot tub was great. the people at the front of the hotel would get us a cab anytime that we needed one. and there was a restaurant and starbucks inside the hotel. i would stay here again. and it was within walking distance to the train.	
Jan 11 2009 	Nothing too special about this hotel	I booked 3 nights at 89 USD per night plus tax, and rang through to ask for an upgrade using my marriott gold card. I was told this wouldnt be a problem.At check-in, no upgrade was available, although give Igor his due he arranged it for my final two nights - so I stayed in a king suite.Whilst the hotel is centrally located (and the fire station really isnt right next door) I was pleased not to hear as much noise as people had described.So, what I didn't like about the hotel - the pool area didn't have proper changing rooms and was starting to look shabby, tiles coming off the walls etc. The soda machines were out of order on almost every floor. The hotel doesnt really have a proper restaurant, so watch out if you like your roomservice or dining in.On the positive side, it was reasonably priced and very central, the rooms were clean (apart from a comments card which had already been completed by another guest).I'd imagine there would be nicer places to stay for not too much more money.	
Dec 15 2008 	Very Impressed	Stayed for 5 nights at this location this year. I have nothing but positive things to say about this hotel. Better than all of the other supposedly higher end hotels I have previously stayed at in the downtown Chicago area. Location is perfect, near great restaurants, shopping entertainment, convenient stores nearby. Hotel room was spotless and comfortable. Loved the modern decor and photography. Front desk was wonderful. They were always friendly and attentive. Did not eat at the restaurant for dinner but did have the breakfast buffet most days. It was good quality and quick service. Pool area was nice and well kept. Great for business and for pleasure. I will definately be staying here again.	
Oct 24 2008	Nice hotel great location but noisy	Stayed two nights while in town on business. Rooms were clean and comfortable, free (wired) internet and flat screen TV. Bed was pillow top and a good sleep. Room was U shaped which made it feel small. Staff was very helpful. Location is great with Ruth's Chris, Sullivans and many other 5* eats around along with some bars and a clubs. Fitness center had nautilus, free weights, tred mills (5), elipitals, bikes and was never crowded. One drawback is paper thin walls. Could hear everything inside and out.	
Oct 21 2008 	Solid Hotel with Some Drawbacks	We liked this hotel because of its location -- walking distance to many restaurants in River North and to the Loop and Magnificent Mile. It is also 2 blocks from the Grand subway station on the red line. The rooms were nice, clean, and functional. The staff was friendly.Be aware that the rooms are small and the hotel is near a fire station resulting in a lot of noisy sirens. The business center is cramped and its computers are very slow.We would consider staying here again but would check out prices on similar hotels to see if we could get a better deal.	
Sep 3 2008 	Awesome Location - Great Stay	Stayed at the Courtyard by Marriott River North for four nights over Labor Day weekend.We had a basic room on the seventh floor. Fantastic king size bed - super comfy! Great flat screen TV, fridge in the room... Overall, we were very pleased with the room.The staff was very helpful. We checked in early (12PM) without a problem. The remote to our television was not working and a new TV remote was brought up to our room within ten minutes. We checked out by 11AM and they held our bags for the afternoon for our later flight that evening. The hotel gym was larger than most than I've seen. Unfortunately the TVs on the treadmills and ellipticals were out of service, but otherwise, the cardio machines were nicer than the ones at Bally Total Fitness that I use on a regular basis!Location is the best part about this hotel. SO incredibly close to SO much in the downtown area. Fantastic restaurants in the area, close to metro stations, shopping on the Mag Mile not even a three minute walk away. How do you go wrong?!	
Aug 31 2008 	N-O-I-S-Y All Night Long!!	Drunks. Horns. Ambulances. More ambulances. More drunks. More horns. Modified mufflers. More ambulances. Horns.11pm, 12am, 2am, 4am, 5am.Getting a picture? It wasn't pretty. This hotel is located directly across the street from a very popular-- for DECADES popular-- jazz club. And another night club. Did I mention there's a hospital somewhere nearby?When you check in at 3pm on a Saturday, you won't here a thing. But wait till 3am. You'll hear it ALL. As if your room has no windows. If sleeping is a crucial part of your hotel experience, you might want to consider staying elsewhere. Or making sure that your room is not on the south side of the building.This is a lovely hotel in every other way-- service, pool, beds, food, etc. BUT YOU CAN'T SLEEP ALL NIGHT.Maybe management should consider spending a little change on white noise machines. Seriously. At least acknowledge you have a major problem and give your guests the means to address it.If this hotel didn't have such a noise problem, I would rate it four stars at its price level. But, uh, I'd prefer a skanky bed and a quiet night for my nickel.Word to the wise.	
Aug 15 2008 	Good Location with 5 star Customer Service but not so great Gym	This hotel came close to being the first one I have ever rated as excellent. When compared to others in their class they are outstanding. I have stayed in more Marriots than I care to count and this Courtyard had the best customer service and personnel of any luxury resort I have ever stayed in. That's not to say they don't make mistakes. They do but they are professionals and they own them and make every effort to correct them before you can even open your mouth to complain. We ordered food from room service and was told it would be about 15 minutes. An hour later still no food. We called down to check and the man profusely apologized for not taking down our room number and that was what had caused the delay. No big deal. He must have literally ran up 9 flights of stairs as he looked like he was about to keel over when he arrived with the food about a minute later. He immediately offered that the charges be taken off the bill and he had included a few fresh baked cookies and bottles of water in addition. He could not have been more courteous. Now perhaps this is the way it should be but as a frequent traveler I know it is very rarely the case. All others from the front desk to the bell man were superb. The rooms are simple but adequate in every way. There is no need for the ladies to lug a hair dryer to this place as the one they give you actually works and blows very hot and with enough force. Most women can attest that hotel hair dryers are usually as helpful as a group of small elves blowing on your hair.As others have said the location can't be beat as it is easy to get to everything Chicago has to offer. If you like sushi and appreciate a upscale somewhat trendy atmosphere there is a place less than 1/3 of a mile from the hotel that is fabulous and appropriate for a fun night out of a business dinner. It's called Sushi Samba and is located on 504 N. Wells. It's Japanese and South American fusion food. They have inventive sushi roles as well as excellent cooked seafood dishes and plenty of steak options including Kobe beef to keep the true carnivores happy. If you like meat try the Churrasco. It's fantastic. They bring you 5 different types of meat. Keep in mind it's not cheap but well worth it. On Saturday nights they have brazilian dancers and live music as well. The only reason I could not give this hotel an excellent rating is that for us we always choose a place that has a hot tub/whirlpool as my fiancee has a bad back. By the end of a long flight he gets a certain amount of relief from the warm water. I myself like to have the option of a decent work out while on the road so I usually try and choose hotels with good gyms. This one rated sub par on the amount and quality of the gym equipment offered but the really big disappointment was that they keep the hot tub at the same temp as the pool! 85 degrees! Not a big deal for most but I wish we had known.	
Jul 22 2008 	Basic room - ATTENTIVE STAFF!	I booked this through a travelzoo special. I ended up paying 149.00 (including tax) for a double queen room. The hotel is a block from Magnificent Mile - a block from 7-11 and a block from Dunkin Donuts. The location is excellent and I would stay here again for the price I paid.We were greeted quite warmly by the doorman. He made our stay enjoyable and treated us as if we were paying $1,000 a night to stay at the Marriott! It's not often you find attentive, genuine customer service like that!We didn't eat at the hotel or order room service. We only stayed one night as a layover for a cross country trip we were taking. The hotel was clean and we had no complaints. We only took a glance at the pool and the gym.I would recommend this hotel but not for anymore than $149.00 per night.	
Jul 17 2008 	Downtown means "Downtown"!	We spent four nights at this very nice chain hotel. At no time did we wish we'd booked elsewhere... &quot;but&quot;, you are downtown. In Chicago that means several things you might not consider. Chicago appears to be in the midst of a 'crime wave', publicized in the local news, and this results in 'all night long' emergency vehicle sirens and horns. We resided on the 8th floor and heard those noises that are common to 'downtown' locations. The room was quiet overall, we could hear 'loud' noises, a slamming door for instance, from other rooms but not normal noises. Additionally, large buildings use large refuse dumpsters and those are changed out at night, late night. These big, metal dumpsters are noisy and you will be made aware of that fact, unless you are a very heavy sleeper. Common big city downtown issues. But present...The room is neither spartan nor luxurious. We found it a little small but effective use of space made it very functional. Desk and computer connections were fine. TV was large and clear, limited channels but overall okay. The bed was very nice, king in our case, and one of the most comfortable mattresses we've experienced in hotels (even B&amp;B). The bathroom was fine, decent space, usual amenities (dryer, iron, etc) and decent tub with 'rain shower' type shower head. That mattress, gotta give it five stars, so comfortable.Many good restaurants are found within a six to eight block distance, easy walking and the sidewalks are traveled by many. It is a social experience. We enjoyed the Grand Lux Cafe for dinner (wild place) and Tempo for breakfast (the in-house restaurant can get pricey!). Unos famous Italian 'pizzeria' was very entertaining and boasts a good menu and reasonable prices, a few blocks north and west. Of course, Starbucks is in the hotel and busy. A block away is Ruth Chris Steak house and directly across the street is Shaw's Crab House, reputed to be a nice experience. You will not starve unless you stay in your room... and there is room service!And talking about service? That is one area that shines. From the moment we arrived, the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. Peter (at the door and doing 'bellhop' duty) was very agreeable and gave great advice! He made our stay much easier by helping with directions that were correct and suggestions that were well stated. The desk was pleasant and responsive to our needs. You cannot help but notice when folks are just 'plain' friendly and it makes tipping a pleasant experience. Finally there is an 'in house' exercise room to help burn off those restaurant provided calories. Most hotels have a few cardio machines and one or two resistent based stations. Not this Courtyard. You will be greeted with a pretty complete gym. Free weights, about 12 machine stations for all muscle groups, six treadmills, four elliptical and two bikes. They even have a &quot;Smith Machine&quot; (if you exercise in a a good gym, you'll know what that is), surprising and clean, maintained well. Lap pool, whirlpool and a nice dry sauna top off the fitness area. Kudos!	
Jul 8 2008 	Outstanding service	We had a very positive experience here. The room was very clean. We realized it even had a refrigerator (hidden), which was nice for our drinks. TCustomer service was outstanding. Peter, the bellman, was extremely friendly and helpful in recommending and helping us locate restaurants (we loved Portillo's, cheap and good). We could walk to most of the main downtown places, very convenient to Michigan. Other agents were great in printing our Southwest return flight boarding passes, etc.We felt very safe. An upscale seafood restaurant was across the street that received high ratings, but it was out of our price range with small children.Beds were cozy. I loved the comfy down duvet. The pool was just right, small, but that's all we needed. The jacuzzi was warm and inviting.The breakfast buffet was overpriced ($15.95), but tasty. We only ate there once, due to the price. We hit Dunkin's Donuts once, which was less than a block away.	
Jun 2 2008 	Good Stay	Stayed here for three nights. We were given a handicap room so everything in the room was alittle different than a regular room. We didn't have any sink space which was sorta of a pain. We had a roll in shower which would have been great for someone in a wheel chair. The bed was very comfortable though. The staff was very friendly and the Starbucks right downstairs was a plus. Would like to stay again to see what the regular room is like.Did like the location also	
May 31 2008	Love the Location	We stay at this hotel several times a year, and really love the location. It is within walking distance of: the magnificent mile shopping, just across the river to the theater district, sears tower, and the art museum and the park. It is also convenient to the red line train which we take out to popular spots such as the second city comedy club, and cubs baseball games. On our last visit we had a room on the 12th floor, and it had been recently rennovated. It had a wood shlef that went the whole length of the room which was nice for storing stuff. It was a decent size room with a small couch, ottomon and a desk. It also had a fridge. Typical courtyard style. The room was nice and clean.It is also within walking distance of lots of great restaurants.	
May 26 2008 	Nothing less than excellent!	We were looking for a central location to stay in Chicago, and got an amazing deal through Expedia.com with airfare and two nights at the Courtyard on Hubbard Street East. We were expecting just simple, basic lodging, but ended up getting a clean room, top notch service, and comfortable beds to boot.The staff at the Courtyard are courteous to no end. Plain and simple, I can't say enough about how well we were treated. There were 4 in our party. Two of us had a standard king room, and the other two had a standard room with two double beds. If you're like us, you don't spend much time in your rooms. Too many sights to see. Even though our room (the king room) was near the elevators and near the ice machine, it was still fairly quiet. Although, being downtown, it's impossible to escape the constant city noises. That's all part of the package, and has to be expected.Again, thanks to the staff. We highly recommend this hotel.	
May 14 2008 	Great location but not good for light sleepers	The front desk was very friendly and they let me check in at 12:30PM. The room was clean, but bed and the pillow were too soft for my standard. I could hear other people’s room door slam from my inside my room and when the doors were left open, I could hear their conservations. I could also hear the noise from street as well. The flush of the toilet was very loud too. If you are a light sleeper, don’t think this would be the place for you. Location was great though, right between the magnificent mile and the restaurants. They have a Walgreen and 7-Eleven by the hotel, so if you forgot your toothbrush at home, don’t need to panic.	
May 12 2008 	Wonderful hotel!	We stayed at the Coutryard on Ontario St. in downtown Chicago for 2 nights this past weekend and had a great time! The location is close to everything we wanted to do and the Magnificent Mile is 2 blocks away! We were able to check in early and also were able to stay in our room late on check out day which meant a lot traveling later in the day with a child. Everyone was so nice and helpful at the front desk and the door. Our room was very nice--clean, comfortable--a bit small for 2 women and 2 children but we weren't there for the room! My only problem was with the restaurant--we ordered room service and it cost a fortune. They delived it to our room and the pancakes were burnt to a crisp on the underside--the top looked fine! Neither child would touch them so I called and asked for a refund which they happily did! The pool was fantastic--the girls went in 3 seperate times and had a blast! I would definetly suggest some more seating--it got busy on Friday night. My friend used the work out room and said it was very good. I know we would stay here again and I recommend you give it a try!	
May 8 2008	Location Location Location	This hotel was in a fabulous location close to everything including Michigan Ave and great restaurants and bars. The rooms were nothing special but they were clean and modern. The staff was very helpful and friendly. If you are looking for a hotel at a good price in the heart of everything you can't beat this place!	
Apr 23 2008 	Enjoyable Time	Stayed at this hotel for a long weekend. Overall easy check in process, polite hotel staff, requested highest floor available and was able to get 22, out of a possible 24 or 25. Clean lobby, pretty good doormen and good housekeeping. The room was a general updated Marriott hotel room, about the only thing not really updated was the tv, but it was still fine. If there still was some outside construction going on at the hotel, certainly couldn't tell or hear, so I'll just assume that's done. Location was good, one block from Michigan Ave, few blocks from Millenium Park and Navy Pier, and about 3 blocks from the Grand EL station. Overall, nice clean hotel in a great location.	
Apr 16 2008 	Excellent	We arrived at the hotel at 900 in the morning for check in. From the bell boys to front desk staff nothing but excellent service. We were able to check in early , and it was quick and painless. We stayed here for a day but everytime we had interaction with any staff the outcome was perfect. There is a starbucks on site, as well as state stree bread co. Had food from state street and it was pretty good.The room was spacious , and clean . The beds were heaven. We were on the 6th floor, same as the pool , hot tub and health room. There was also a sauna but it was out of order. I did not notice the chlorine smell other reviewers noticed. Also when you came off the elevator it smelled like new carpet, and the carpet looked new so I am assuming the hotel was renovated recently , or at least the carpets. Business center was sufficient but SMALL. I already have another reservation to stay at this hotel again in June.	
Apr 13 2008 	No Complaints	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. The staff were helpfull and the room was big and clean. The location is good and within walking distance of most attactions. I would stay there again.	
Feb 18 2008	Great place for business.	Courtyard Downtown is very nice. Room Service was great and the food/drink was very good. I remember that Check-in for some reason took a long time, but other than that things went smoothly. I shall return on business.	
Feb 14 2008	Great for New Years	We stayed here for New Years Eve 2005-2006. The beds were comfortable, we didn't have any noise issues, the rooms were well sized, and the breakfast at the restaurant downstairs was decent. It's close to everything, which is why we chose it. Not to mention it was the best deal we could find last minute for New Years Eve!	
Feb 9 2008 	Perfect Location!	We were spending a couple days in town and found this hotel to meet all of our needs! It's in an excellent location - not far from Michigan Ave and all the shopping, and just steps from our evening plans. BB's, the restaurant just next door, is delicious as is Mother Hubbard's pizza, next to the 7-11. The Rockit was great fun and we would definently go again. The staff at the hotel were all very helpful and accomadating in every way. The valet parking was convenient. Our room was clean and perfect for our needs.	
Jan 24 2008 	Cool in the Cold	We had a great stay at the Courtyard! We were on the sixth floor which is the same as the pool so there was a bit of a chlorine smell when you first got off the elevator. We looked out into the alley but we didn't book it for the view :)The hotel is in a great location. Just a few blocks from the magnificent mile. The staff was very, very friendly. Apparently they are going to be going through a renovation soon as our water was turned off each day. They let us know the times it would be off and tried to be as accommodating as possible.We got a great deal from travelzoo which made it even better. Chicago is an amazing city even when it is 15 degrees.	
Jan 14 2008 	Very Nice Stay	My family and I stayed at this hotel over Thanksgiving. It was nice, clean and staff were very friendly. The Desk person (people) were great anything I asked they had the right answer. The Bell Hop was cool. He had my 2 boys laughing all the way up to the 15th floor. In the little Café type thing the order taking lady was so friendly. We really did not know what we wanted. She took a whole lot of time telling us what was good, what she liked. She also put up with my kids doing Kid things. The cook was a very cool guy, I forgot to ask for extra cheese. So I asked him if he could put some on, with out thinking twice he put extra, then said yes. And they didn't charge me for it. The price per night was very good. Well worth it. We had a great time in Chicago, it is like New York City, only the people are NICER. Would HIGHLY recommend this Hotel and City to anyone!	
Dec 1 2007 	Overall a Great Hotel	I love the Courtyard on Ontario in Chicago. To start off the hotel lobby smells incredible, and has a warmth I cant explain. The service is always excellent from the time you arrive at the door till your stay is over. The rooms are all very nice, and the location is great! Overall I love this hotel!	
Oct 14 2007 	Expensive but Status Quo for Chicago	If you are going to stay in downtown Chicago, you bite the bullet &amp; pay the price. The price flucuates with what events are happening in town. The strong point of this hotel is the staff particularly the bellhops who are very knowledgeable about tourist attractions, restaurants, etc. Also the location is good when connecting to buses &amp; trains. The hotel has a Starbucks off the lobby. There are several good restaurants within walking distance. We found a Greek deli bar (one block N on State St) with a great $5 breakfast. Shopping is also close by on Michigan Ave &amp; State St. Rooms are small but with a nice decor. I asked for a new shower curtain liner &amp; got it immediately. Supposedly the rooms are going to be remodeled in 2008.	
Sep 28 2007 	A wonderful surprise- such a great hotel	We were booked into the Red Roof Inn across the street- a wedding group. The hotel was in such bad shape, we came across the street and had the best four days in Chicago, mainly because our Marriott hotel experience was so wonderful. The desk clerks were very helpful in getting us into the hotel on a moments notice and the town was filled conventions and every hotel was booked. They did find us a room and a beautiful one at that. The halls were spacious and decorated so beautifully. So clean and the rooms were very modern. We just loved the room and bathroom. We used the pool and again-so clean. The staff were very helpful with directions. This location was the best- walking distance to everything. We went to plays, Michigan Ave for all the great shopping-food-pier. We will definitely stay here again and refer this hotel to everyone.	
Sep 18 2007 	Great bed 	We stayed at the Courtyard 9/15/07 &amp; 9/16/07. It was my birthday weekend so there were a total of 4 of us (me and 3 girlfriends). My husband &amp; I have a travel club so we're used to staying in condo only. Check In:We didn't check in till about 2am or a bit later. There were 2 people at the front desk. I walked up to the one guy that wasn't on the phone and he pointed to the guy on the phone. So I waited for him to get off the phone &amp; he checked me in. I requested 2 double beds. I had booked a king room on price line for $92 per night &amp; when I called at 1pm earlier that day the guy told me that when we checked in if there were 2 double beds available we could switch. When we were about 1 hour away from the hotel I called anonymously to ask if they had any rooms with 2 double beds available and we were told there were several. The guy at the counter acted like since I booked through priceline he was doing me this HUGE favor by switching us to a 2 double bed room. But he gave off the impression that he could work some magic and get me what I wanted. Since I had read the reviews on here b4 we booked it I asked for a mini fridge &amp; microwave. He told me that he &amp; the other guy were the only ones working at that time of night, so he could have a mini-fridge to us in the morning, but there were no microwaves left. I said ok, no problem. The Room: The room was rather small for the price. The TV wasn't impressive. Flat screen, but not the thin plasma style, maybe about 27 or 32 inches. The sink outside the bathroom was pretty small, little counter space for 1 person (and there were 4 of us). The bathroom was a good size the shower curtain &amp; rings were very nice. The towels were low quality and smell a little too strongly of bleach. There was a small coffee maker on the sink along with a few packs of coffee, but there wasn't enough sugar or crème. There was a nice cushy chair w/ ottoman in the corner. A thin tall desk w/ a keyboard on it. was in the other corner with a firm swivel desk chair w/ a high back. Now on to the best part of our stay... the bed. WOW! It was amazing. Fitting 2 people into a double bed normally would be rather uncomfortable. But this was a cloud from heaven. On top of the terrific mattress &amp; box spring there was a feather bed overlay. It was amazing. You sink right in and don't want to move. Other reviews said they had a problem w/ the feathers poking them, but I had NO such issue. The bedding seemed to be a higher thread count and was very nice. The pool was closed &amp; we weren't tired so we went to look around the hotel. We stumbled upon a room that said 'authorized personnel only', but it was unlocked &amp; the door was ajar. In this room were piles upon piles of microwaves and friges. I can't believe that guy lied to me!! So we used the dolly that was sitting there and wheeled our own fridge &amp; microwave down to our room. NO Breakfast???:The next morning we were looking forward to fresh fruit, muffins, bagels and make your own waffles like I had read about in the review. I called down to the front desk and it rang for almost 1 minute and 40 seconds. I asked where the complimentary breakfast was located. They said there is only complimentary coffee. I was so pissed. If I pay $92 per night I was expecting at least cold cereal or danish or doughnuts or something. I can stay at a hotel for $40 a night and at least get stale doughnuts &amp; coffee &amp; tea. They have a full Star Bucks &amp; a little cafe that serves a buffet breakfast for $15-16. Again I was really angry. Parking:They offer valet parking for $41 per day, BUT you can park less than 1 short block away for $12 per day. Walk out the front door of the hotel, turn left walk about 1 block, maybe 1.5 block and there is a lot that has a guard there 24 hours.Checkout:Check out was speedy, but the woman didn't ask how my stay was, so I didn't say anything. I figured I'd write to the company. A very very very nice bellhop loaded up all of stuff onto a cart and wheeled it down to our car 1.5 blocks away. He was awesome, but I can't remember his name. We tipped him well.Overall, I wouldn't stay here again for the price. I expected more. Maybe I expected too much, maybe I'm spoiled by staying in condos when we travel. This is just my opinion.	
Aug 24 2007 	Good Location. Good Breakfast.	The location was very convenient. A block from the El station and down the street from Pizzeria Uno, ESPN Zone and other restaurants. For a free continental breakfast, it was very good. Fruit, juices, cereal, bagels, muffins, homeade waffles. My only negative was the size of our room. We had a queen sized bed, non-smoking room. The room was small. We did not plan to spend much time in the room, so once we adjusted to it, it worked out fine.	
Aug 14 2007 	Very nice stay at the Courtyard	I spent a week here for business, and I was really impressed with this place. The staff was courteous and knowledgable about the area, (recommending a few restaurants in the area). The room I had was a king sized bed and there was plenty of room. I also enjoyed the free USA Today delivered daily to my room. This hotel is within walking distance of the House of Blues, ESPN Zone, The Webber Grill, and Redfish bar and grill. Also right on a bus line that will take you to Navy Pier and the Mag Mile. Only complaint I have about this hotel is that there is no wireless available. But they do have free broadband in the rooms!	
Aug 14 2007 	Wonderful experience and location - Definitely a 3 Star +	Wonderful stay at this hotel that was rated 2.5 stars. I have stayed in a lot of hotels and feel this is an easy 3 star hotel. The people at the front desk were extremely helpful with recommending restaurants and giving directions. In addition, the rooms was extremely clean and seemed like it was recently redone. The bed was very comfortable. There was a Panera bread, a Starbucks and a lounge in the hotel.The hotel is in a location that is within walking distance to all of the most popular places!	
Aug 6 2007 	To sum it up - Location Location near everything!	In a nutshell, our stay at the Courtyard was a very pleasant one. This was a perfect place to stay if you plan to visit/tour downtown Chicago. So close to everything!!Pros:*Smoke-free hotel*Walking distance (3 or so blocks) to Michigan Ave. shops/restaurants/Wrigley building/theatre district*15 min. walk to Millenium Park*Food at Weber Grill and Chop House restaurants were awesome!*Garrett Popcorn Shops*Comfortable beds/pillows*Helpful staff*Starbucks (main lobby)*7-11 store across the street (got snacks &amp; bottled water there)Cons:-Steep price for parking!-No free breakfast	
Jul 17 2007 	Nice Courtyard goes the extra mile!	$39.00 for great off street valet parking, very fast check in, stayed 3 nights in a king with sofa bed, city view on 12th floor, with husband, 5 year old and a 1 year old. Rooms are very small but nice decor! and beds are nice. Asked for a crib, refrigerator, microwave and had them all in room with out any extra charge. Free coffee in room. Free coffee in lobby mornings and free lemon water in afternoons. Great Bell boys with wonderful info on city! very nice staff! We walked everywhere from this hotel. Hotel was quite but you can hear sirens off and on not to bad. City and area of hotel was clean and nice. Water of hotel was scalding hot, watch out! Rooms were clean just not spot less! bedding was very clean and looked new. If needed anything, got it right away! We got a great discounted rate of $130.00 a night. What could of made it perfect was free breakfast! and a spot less room! Loved Chicago, Great for kids! Do the hop off hop on tour first day! and do everything early before it gets to busy!	
Jun 18 2007 	Great Location clean room good service	Location is excellent for the magnificant mile. Near all the shops and 15 minute walk to Grant Park. Rooms were typical Courtyard Inn style. Clean and nice. As most hotels in a major downtown area be careful about room rates. They fluctuate greatly depending upon availablity (especially if there are any major conventions.) Check and double check (especially the day of arrival) for lower rates. I have seen this hotel charge upwards of $300+ a night because of high demand. The hotel is very nice but not that nice. Starbucks inside is a plus.	
Jun 18 2007	Nice location average hotel	Location is great-3 blocks from Michgan Avenue, check-in was very fast. There is a nice new Starbucks in the lobby along with a Sandwich type restaurant. Room was small and it looked as though the ceiling was falling down, however the bed was comfortable. Looked like they had purchased new towels, and was clean. We would stay hereagain if the rate was good.	
Apr 9 2007	Fantastic location	Positives: Great location, central to everything, nice safe area.. Nice sized room very geared towards business travellers (which we weren't), very clean, nice friendly staff.Negatives: A lot of noisy children in the pool area but this was just our bad luck...	
Mar 25 2007 	Great Location - Fun Weekend	While we didn't get to Chicago until midnight (delayed flight) and then the computer system was down at the rental car agency, and the first GPS didn't work when we plugged it in, our 2:00 am arrival was a welcomed event.Despite the late check-in, the desk staff was courteous and helpful. When we walked into our first room, the air conditioner fan was making an awful racket. We called down to the desk and reported the problem and the promptly changed us to another room, before we unpacked.The location is very convenient to the theatres - within walking distance. The lakefront is about six blocks away and great shopping and restaurants are all within an east walk.I wanted to take a Sunday morning run our first morning. The concierge pointed me in the right direction to the lakefront. Although he pointed me down Illinois Avenue, I would recommend going another block or so north and taking Grand down to the lake, avoiding some of the seedier low roads. The lake front is a great place for a Sunday run, plenty of people were out since it was an unseasonbly warm March day. On the way back Chicago's Shamrock Shuffle had the streets blocked and I couldn't get across the street. Well, if you can't beat them join them - and I did, working my way across the street in the race crowd, around a few more blocks and dropped off right at my hotel.A new Starbucks opened the previous week in the hotel. This provided that double espresso jolt to get the day started after my run.This is a great and reliable hotel in a fantastic location. We will stay here again.	
Mar 16 2007	Good base of operations	We stayed on vacation visiting family. We just wanted a place to stay downtown to serve as a base for activities. This filled the bill. Not luxurious but not bottom-of-the-line either. In-hotel food was expensive, but in line with downtown prices. The location was the prime consideration. Almost everything we wanted to do was an easy cab ride or walk. Chicago is an easy city to walk in, and I had little trouble pushing my youngsters in their double stroller where we wanted to go. The health club and pool facilities were well equipped and fun for the whole family. The in-room free wireless was, for me, a definite plus that I always look for in a hotel.	
Mar 1 2007 	Great location but...	Stayed here for four nights on business. It's a great location, but...I'm a Marriott Rewards Platinum member; I didn't receive an arrival bonus or gift upon check-in, but that's no big deal (usually it's just cookies and a bottle of water). The thing that really grossed me out was the fact that there were stains on my sheets and pillowcases. On the pillowcases, some looked like small bloodstains. Every day I was there, I put the &quot;please change my linens&quot; card on the pillow as it instructed, so I would get clean linens. Every night I came back to the same stains on the sheets and pillowcases. That's just nasty...	
Feb 21 2007 	Great hotel in great location	This hotel is a terrific bargain on the Miracle Mile. It's very clean, spacious, and located right across from several major stores and attractions. It has a fantastic little martini bar downstairs and is within a short walk to the Chop House. I will stay in this hotel every time I visit Chicago.	
Dec 3 2006 	Decent hotel - meets or exceeds the Courtyard brand/reputation	This review is based on a two-night stay in December, 2006 and is written by a business traveler who frequents many Marriot-chain and Hilton-chain restaurants throughout the US.Tagline: meets or exceeds the Courtyard standard; a good bet for your money.Features / benefits: - new sheets / linens; comfortable beds. - 10MB/s Internet is wired; network card or USB port required. - separation between vanity sink and spacisou tub/toilet room. - curved shower bars; new shower curtains. - bright fluroescent light in the closet. - very spacious breakfast area. - cook is located outside, preparing waffles and eggs made-to-order for you as part of the buffet. - Hotel located two walking blocks from Magnificent Mile. - Within walking distance to all types of restaurants.Cons: - Lobby is somewhat small (exascerbated by a major conference being held in town the time my wife and I were there). - first room had a toilet that could not acquire water, even though it was fixed; at least front desk staff quickly moved us to another room. - Windows and curtains do little to prevent the cold from coming in from the outdoors. - Be prepared to hear some amount of road traffic from your room. - Price of valet parking can be $30 - $40 per day; however, remember that you are very close to Magnificent Mile.Summary: - Good bet for you money (less than the full Marriotts nearby). - I woudl recommend this hotel to friends and family.	
Nov 12 2006	The Chicago Downtown Courtyard	The Chicago Downtown Courtyard at 30 E Hubbard St.Date: November 12, 2006Trip Advisor Member - Akron, OHThe check in process was speedy and pleasant. The room was more than adequate. The breakfast buffett was well prepared and the service was very good.In the bar the first night the lady bartender made my wife hot choclate. While preparing it, she took it to the kitchen to use their microwave to make sure it was hot. I think that is above and beyond.The second night the male bartender, when asked for hot choclate, said, &quot;We don't serve that here.&quot; When he was told it was served the previous night, he responded with the same unpleasant tone, we do not serve it here. Would I return? Yes, it is convenient and except for that one minor incident, the staff was accomodating and the facility was comfortable and very clean.	
Jul 24 2006 	Nice visit	This is a very nice hotel. The staff was polite. The rooms are clean. I thought that $40 a night for valet parking was a bit steep, but it is downtown Chicago. The property is a couple of blocks from Michigan Avenue, so you have to walk a bit for transportation. I was not out after dark, so I don't know if it is a pleasant walk at night or not. I had a great view from my room.	
Jul 23 2006	Courtyard Marriott - Almost felt like home!	I followed the recommendations found here on TripAdvisor, and I was not disappointed!The staff: very friendly and helpful, the room: very comfortable, especially the bed and pillows. I enjoyed the variety of complimentary fresh fruit available at the front desk every day, and the complimentary &quot;Wall Street Journal&quot; and &quot;USA Today&quot; newspapers. We visited in July, and the hotel seemed to be undergoing renovation, outside. The front of the hotel was covered with some kind of scaffolding, which isn't pretty, but didn't affect our entry or exits, in any way.I don't travel with a laptop, so I especially appreciated being able to check my email and use the (free) computer and printer downstairs. There was only one, but it was almost always available.	
Jun 27 2006	Horrible Customer Service-Very Rude!	I AM A REWARDS MEMBER OF THE MARRIOT HOTELS AND ALL I CAN SAY IS I WAS TOTALLY DISAPOINTED! We were on a Girl Scout outing for the “American Girl” weekend which was suppose to be a weekend filled with fun and adventure for al of the girls and ladies who went. Our group was large, we had made reservations over a year ago and paid well in advance through AAA. And they should have been well prepared being we had a tour guide who prearranged everything.My biggest complaint is the front desk was very rude to anyone who called there for anything from as simple as directions to a wake up call. It did not matter, who called or what we called for, they were always rude no matter what as if we we’re bothering them.If we stopped at the front desk, and interrupted their social conversations with colleagues, etc., even though “paying customers” come first, completely upset any of us that we were so rude to interrupt them.The pool was very small for such a large facility and the chlorine was unbearable.Many of us were scattered throughout the hotel we were suppose to be on the same floor and the reservations was completely screwed up. My name wasn’t even on the guest list (may not have been their faults, but the Touring company knew) I shared a room with another parent and child and no one would have known I was in the hotel and I don’t completely understand that, I thought all guests were to be registered,I doubt I would stay there again because for a weekend of fun by Sunday when we departed most if us were quite upset and it really put a damper on the rest of the day and trip home. A week earlier I stayed in PA at the White Rose, paid less and got better service. I think they need to train their personnel and require them to attend culinary/hotel restaurant management classes because the reaction was utterly ridiculous. I usually do not complain but the Marriott made big bucks off our tour and being a degreed Culinary and Hotel and restaurant major, I expected way better from such an impeccably rated hotel. Totally disgusted and disappointed.	
Jun 20 2006	Not bad but not great	A co-worker and I shared a 2 double bed room here Sunday, June 11 - Wed, June 14. The NeoCon conference was nearby and the rate (via our company travel site) was $439/night. OMG. Given that most of Chicago is booked, we knew it would be pricey.The hotel was fine. We checked in about 2 and there were no double rooms, they asked us to check back around 4. We did some shopping and eating and came back later. Were sent to a high floor (14?) to check in and our room faced East. Never got as far as the window as the room was unmade, looked as someone had literally just crawled out of the bed. My co-worker hadn't even shut the door and we hauled out of there, back downstairs where we were met with an &quot;Oh, we figured that out as you went up&quot; and a minor apology but they acted like it was no big deal. Not a huge deal, but more than a small apology might have served better. We then ended up in 612 RIGHT across from the elevator. The view (ha) was of the roof one floor below us. Luckily we had no hallway noise.Given the rate, would you expect to pay for coffee in the room? $4.00 to make a pot of Starbucks coffee? I think not. Other than that, the room was fine, although the shower drained slowly.The location is excellent and for a far lower rate (maybe via Priceline?) this would be a great hotel. Given the rate and the lackluster service, I'd say it was only average	
Jun 14 2006	Courtyard Downtown- A Good Place to Stay	We stayed at the Courtyard Marriott Downtown for 3 nights, June 1-4, booked as a package thru Orbitz.The hotel was easy to find. Check-in was very simple with no lines. The staff was all polite. Our standard room was clean and spacious. There was no street noise and no hallway noise. There was no odor in the room (you know how hotel rooms are sometimes). The bathroom- the tub and toilet are separated from the sink/mirror by a door, which was very convenient for 3 women sharing a bathroom! I called the front desk a few times, and either no one answered or it took a while. At other times, however, they picked up right away. The front desk was helpful in providing directions to buses, etc. We did not use the pool, gym, or eat at the restaurants so I cannot comment on those.I don't think anyone would be disappointed staying here, as long as they know that the Courtyard chain is not a &quot;resort-style&quot;. It is basic but fulfills all your needs. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 6 2006	Good value Great location	Stayed there over Memorial Day weekend. Would highly recommend. Found the rooms clean and spacious enough. Large work-out facility. Hallway outside our room seemed as though it was always 60 degrees. Subway station is just over a block away. Shopping and nightlife are nearby. Prior review described area as ranging from touristy to &quot;bit rough&quot; but I never saw the &quot;rough&quot; side apart from the many homeless which seemed everywhere in Chicago. Was able to leave luggage w/ bellman on check-out day as we had a late flight to check.	
Mar 30 2006 	Sleepless in Chicago	I stayed in a king suite for two nights. While the room was attractive and fairly spacious with nice french doors dividing the bedroom from the living, there were some annoyances that made for two terrible nights sleep. While I very much enjoy feather beds on top of the regular mattress, their feathers kept poking out of the fabric, through the sheets and into my skin. I felt like I was sleeping on a bed of nails. Every time I moved another feather would poke out and into me. I pulled at least 6 to 10 of them out each night while I'm trying to sleep. I have had feather beds at home and this is a common problem. However to protect yourself from the feathers poking out, I have had to layer a thick blanket on top of the feather bed so as to avoid being poked by the feather that ultimately find their way through.The other major contributing factor to my lack of sleep both nights was the heating system in my room. The unit is controlled by a nice new electronic thermostat on the wall, however the fan on the heat source operates at only one speed - high and loud. The thermostat is responsive to adjusting the room temperature quickly, however the noise from the wall unit is unacceptable. I searched around to see if there were any settings to lower the fan speed, but finally resorted to simply turning off the heat all together. Only then did I get any peace and quiet, which didn't really matter since I was already awake from the feathers.Lastly, the in-room coffee pots and Starbucks Coffee is a nice touch, however I learned the hard way that it isn't complimentary. A very small sign almost hidden away says it costs $4.00 per packet of coffee. It seems petty to me to charge $4.00 for coffee in your room, when coffee in the lobby is complimentary.	
Mar 3 2006	Good location for a variety of activities	My family and I stayed at the Chicago Courtyard Downtown in late February for recreation, including seeing &quot;Wicked&quot; at the Oriental Theater.The best feature of this Courtyard is the location. It is close enough to everything to be convenient, although it is not necessarily right next door to any single location. Examples: 5 blocks to the Chicago Theater and Oriental Theater; 3 blocks to Michigan Avenue shopping; 3 blocks to the Windella boat tours; 5 blocks to the touristy restaurants around Wells, Illinois &amp; Ohio; $6-8 cab ride from Union Station.The hotel is a pretty standard Courtyard, with fairly decent size rooms for a city property. The indoor pool and hot tub are adequate size and the property is relatively quiet. The immediate neighborhood ranges from touristy to a bit rough - for example, a trendy piano bar on the north side of Hubbard contrasts with an adult book store two blocks west on the other side.Make sure you are heading to the correct Courtyard Hotel and also specify to your cab driver. There are two Courtyard hotels in downtown Chicago north of the river, only about 6 blocks from each other (the other is labeled &quot;Magnificant Mile&quot; and is on Ontario). It appears that a previous Trip Advisor review talking about an upper level lobby may have been referring to the latter location, as the Courtyard on Hubbard has a standard 1st floor lobby.	
Feb 20 2006	Liked it but it didn't knock my socks off	Stayed at the hotel in adjoining suites with my in-laws right before Christmas.Positives:* great location – within walking distance of a million shopping options* could not get a wireless Internet signal, so they provided a plug-in hub free after I talked with the hotel chain’s helpful technical service people on the phone (pretty sure it was a problem with our computer)* beds were very comfortable* excellent room service foodNegatives:* do not like hotels were the lobby isn’t on the first floor; you enter to a small service desk that is primarily for the bellmen and have to go up an elevator* they did some maintenance work very early in the morning that bothered my in-laws, but we couldn’t hear it in our room* televisions in suite’s sitting areas were expensive hang-on-the-wall plasmas/LCDs but had poor picture quality* shower surface was very slick	
Feb 17 2006 	The Best	I agree with all the previous reviewers. Excellent choice for downtown Chicago. If I could remember the names of the staff members I'd list them with 5 stars after each of their names. Very comfortable hotel in a perfect location at a really good price. Would stay here again anytime.	
Nov 7 2005	Very good hospitality !	My wife and I decided to book a room at the Downtown Courtyard with our young daughter. I remain very loyal to the Marriott brand hotels since I collect the Marriott &quot;Rewards&quot;. This hotel did not look anything like a typical Courtyard Inn. It was nothing elegant or fancy from the exterior. The lobby was very presentable and the employees were all extremely polite. The bell captain was quick to load all of our luggage and quickly had everything to our room. He offered us his name and made himself available with directions and reservations as needed. I was quite impressed.The suite consisted of a room with two double beds and a seperate living room. There was also a small refrigerator and sink along with microwave. Prior to arriving I called the hotel direct and asked them if it was possible to switch my suite for a suite with a king bed instead of two double beds. They responded that this was not available based on the package I selected. I was quite disappointed. They never even discussed an additional charge or a way to ensure my satisfaction. I questioned Marriotts commitment to guest satisfaction at this point but chose not to pursue it.I slept on the double bed and was not overly comfortable. I am a good size guy and am used to sleeping on a king. Well anyways I made do. The other issue of concern was that when I checked in I had reminded the front desk clerk that I needed a crib in the room. We had left to go have dinner and when we arrived the portable crib was left for us unassembled. I would expect that when you are travelling and request a crib it would be assembled and made up as would any type of bed. The hotel however does have a nice swimming pool. The water was refreshing and it seemed well maintained. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant. They have a very nice buffet along with an omellette station. Good quality food served! My only other comment is that on both nights that we stayed at this hotel it seemed extremely noisy outside. Tons of sirens from firetrucks and ambulances. I stayed on the eleventh floor and was quite disturbed by the noise. Perhaps this is the norm at Chicago hotels. It is a bustling city! Anyways the location is good and the price was reasonable for the dowtown Chicago area. We took advantage of one of the shopping/weekend packages on Marriott. and booked this particular hotel room.	
Jul 19 2005	Very pleasant	We really enjoyed our stay at the Courtyard. Check in was fast, friendly and efficient. Nichole at the front desk was perky and pleasant. Overall the staff were much friendlier than I have experienced at other hotels - surprising for a Courtyard, which is not a full service hotel but more of a business hotel. They often asked how we were doing when walking through the lobby. Location can't be beat. It is a 5-8 minutes walk from the blue line train that goes to Ohare airport and Orange line that goes to Midway airport, and a 1 minute walk from the red line train that goes to Wrigley Field. There are tons of restaurants, bars, and convenience stores in the area. It felt very safe even late night. Room was very clean, typical Courtyard everything. Our rate was pretty high due to a convention in town, but so was every other hotel. Free high speed internet in room (wired ethernet, no wireless). It was a fast connection though - unlike some other hotels I have stayed in. We never heard any of our neighbors talking or noise in the halls. Newspaper delivered to our door every day. Nice TV in room, great picture - similar to a Sony WEGA TV which is still a tube but a flat tube with bright picture. Parking was $36/day but we did not have a car and you get robbed for parking anywhere downtown. Skip the car and ride the train or take a cab. I was very pleased with every aspect of our stay.	
Jul 18 2005	Great for Families	I took my daughter in for an American Girl weekend. We thought this hotel was fabulous. The staff was very professional and quick to offer assistance in everything from directions to entertainment choices condusive for a trip with a pre-teen. The room was immaculate (a definite must with us), and very comfortable. My daughter had a wonderful time in the pool there is a sun deck which would be nice in the summer. We enjoyed our stay so much that my entire family is going again. I would definitely recommend this hotel to a family.	
Jul 13 2005	Excellent choice good value	We had an extremely comfortable stay and the value was good. The staff was VERY friendly and helpful with restaurant recommendations, instructions on using mass transit, etc. The room was clean, quiet and seemed pretty new. I would not hesitate to stay here again.	
May 18 2005	Best Hotel in Chicago	This was the best hotel in Chicago! Just returned from staying in Chicago. Stayed at the Courtyard Downtown on Ontario. Awesome location to see the city - shopping, restaurants, and nightlife. Within walking distance of everything. Hotel rooms were great - 8 of us on our annual girls trip - had a connecting room on the 24th floor. Very nice rooms! Hotel staff was awesome! Two of us had birthdays while we were there - staff sent up a tray of chocolate covered strawberries, cheeses, and crackers and a card signed by entire staff wishing us a happy birthday! Warren and Ryan were awesome in giving us restaurant choices and directions as we needed. Hotel bar and restaurant were great! Good food, good drinks and great atmosphere. Highly recommend this hotel!	
Apr 26 2005	Thank heaven for this hotel!!	After a very brief stay of one hour at a terrible rat trap called the Congress Hotel, a true dump and disgrace, my wife and I found this wonderful surprise. We called all over town for a last minute reservation and were lucky enough to land a room here. The service was wonderful. A greeting was given from the front desk everytime we entered or left the lobby. The room was very clean and the maid service polite and helpful. The location was terrific - one block off Michigan Avenue, in the north end of the city. This is a newly redecorated property, brightly lit and inviting and well within walking distance to great restaurants, shopping and site seeing. We will be returning for Christmas. I highly recommend this hotel. Enjoy!!	
Feb 18 2005	A really pleasant surprise - it seems like more than a *** hotel	In an episode of &quot;The Apprentice&quot;, the candidates were assigned the task of rehabing a hotel and opening it for guests. Everything else aside about the episode, there is a note made towards the end that &quot;people remember the last thing about the experience&quot;, and the candidates made sure to thank guests and show concern for any problems they encountered. So it went with the end of my stay at the Marriott Courtyard in downtown Chicago. When we were leaving in the morning, the attendant at the desk was very friendly, and made me feel appreciated. He asked if we needed a cab and when we did, he made sure someone went right out and got one for us. Check-out was less than a minute. Backing it all the way up to the beginning, I was fooling around on priceline.com a few days before going to this hotel and &quot;stumbled&quot; into getting this hotel for $47 for the night. Even though it was a great deal, I wasn't crazy about going to this hotel, as it *previously* was not too high on the list of hotels I'd want to stay at in Chicago. Not because it looked bad or anything, but simply because it appeared to be &quot;just another hotel&quot;. Since I go to the occasional hotel just to get away, I usually look for hotels that offer something extra or are unique. So, we arrived at this hotel at approximately 3:40pm, and were allowed to check in early (check-in is 4). I had signed up for Marriott Rewards a couple days before coming, and gave it to the desk person (who was very satisfactory - certainly friendly, but not overly so). I knew that I wasn't going to get any points for the room, given that I got a heavily discounted rate. However, I thought that maybe this could get me a better room or maybe some other perks. This was a Thursday and, despite some shows and conventions in the city, the hotel seemed pretty empty. There were no lines at the front desk and I didn't see many people in the halls. However, this is apparently often a pretty busy hotel - I think we were just there at an off time. We were assigned room 1119, which provided a pretty magnificent view of Chicago's Merchandise Mart, which lights up in gorgeous fashion when the sun sets. Off to the side, we could also see Marina Tower and the House of Blues building. So far, I was very pleased, because I was not expecting a view, given this location. The rooms in this hotel start at the 6th floor, which is nice - no one is at practically ground level. Some of the rooms likely don't have views, but I'm guessing a fair amount of the rooms have a pretty good view of the Merchandise Mart and the other side has a view of the Wrigley Building and NBC tower. The room itself was nicely sized and furnished. The bathroom was certainly adequate and everything was in working order. The bed was huge (it seemed like it could easily fit 3-4 people) and there was also a couch and desk. The room wasn't huge, but even with all that was in there, there was still definitely a lot of room to move around. A few paintings (interesting work, too) were on the walls. There were no instances of stains or wear. Impressively enough, the room smelled really nice. This did not seem to be &quot;spray&quot; or &quot;perfume&quot;, but the room just genuinely smelled fresh. The smell wasn't overwhelming or even that obvious - it just felt nice. The room had air conditioning and heat. The room offered a very nice flat-screen TV, with a solid selection of channels and pay-per-view (the pay-per-view had &quot;Sideways&quot;, which was still in some theaters at the time of this review. There were also a lot of movies that were still 2-3 months away from being on DVD.) We soon ordered a Pizza Hut pizza from room service, and they were nice when they answered the phone. They said that the pizza would take 30-45 minutes, but it actually took 15-20. The person who brought it up was extremely nice. Nice enough that, despite the fact that a delivery charge was included in the pizza (I think $1-2, making it $13, which is still pretty reasonable for a good-sized pizza), I gave him a really good tip. What surprised me further about the hotel was the facilities. The swimming pool was very nice - not huge, but certainly mid-sized and appeared clean. There was also a hot tub, steam room and very nice exercise room. The exercise room seemed very up-to-date, with a lot of different equipment and a very nice setting, complete with televisions. There are a few elevators that are in very good condition, so I can't see there being much of a wait for elevators, even at the busiest times here. There was also a nice restaurant and breakfast area in the hotel. A gift shop with drinks, snacks and other necessities was just off to the side of the front desk. Food prices in room service and the restaurant (aside from the pizza, which was reasonable) seemed a tad high, but certainly fine - less than in other hotels I've been in. There was a USA today waiting at my door when I left in the morning. For those unfamiliar with the area, this hotel is in a particularly good location. It is 2-3 blocks East to the Michigan ave. shopping area. The House of Blues is about a block and a half away and the theater district is about a 5 minute walk. Essentially, this is a solid location that sits right between the Michigan Ave shopping area and the downtown &quot;loop&quot; section. Now we get to the bad parts, and I think most will agree that these are pretty/fairly minor: * Minimal toiletries. There were a couple of soaps and one bottle of shampoo. * Vending machines empty. There are soda machines and ice machines on each floor. On my floor, there was only one selection left (tea) and on another floor I went to, the machine was sold out. * Dry. As with all hotels, the room was very dry (I actually had a meter with me and humidity was less than 20% in the room). Still, it's like this with every hotel. * A little bit of noise. There was some minor noise from the street below (it's a busy street - State St. - so a bit of minor noise is more than acceptable) I also heard some water pipe noise in the morning, but again, nothing major. Overall, I was very surprised that this is a ** 1/2 star hotel on Priceline.com. It is a *** hotel on other hotel sites (and I'm almost positive it is *** officially.) Honestly, even a *** rating for the hotel seems rather low. I would say I would think it could make it to *** 1/2, but not ****. I liked this hotel a lot and it was really a pleasant surprise. I've stayed in **** hotels in the area before and felt like I was paying for luxury that didn't add to the experience. Here, I felt as if I was paying for what I should be paying for: very good service, a clean and well-run hotel and a solid selection of facilities. I've read a lot of reviews online that are VERY positive about this hotel, and I would have to add myself to that list. I think this hotel needs to somehow put itself out there more. It's got everything going for it - a great location, a really solid staff and a good selection of facilities. This hotel should be advertised more by Marriott, and the page for this hotel on the Marriott website should be less of a &quot;standard page&quot; and focus a bit more on the staff and maybe offer comments from previous visitors. For those visiting this hotel, be sure to sign up for the Rewards program at marriott.com before visiting. It's free.(Note: I also posted this on epinions.com)	
Jan 27 2005	Exemplary Service 		
Dec 20 2004	Above Average on "That Great Street"		
Sep 15 2004	Excellent homebase for a weekender to Chicago		
Jul 21 2004	Nice hotel and good location		
Jul 1 2004	Good location but small room...		
Mar 12 2004	Pleasent stay		
Jan 20 2004	Average stay.		
Jul 21 2003	Loved this hotel		
Feb 28 2003	loved the pool		
Aug 6 2002	Great hotel Great location		
Aug 8 2008 	?????????????		
