Nov 27 2008 	What a bad experience !!!	I will never forget this filthy place !I selected this place as I read terrible reviews about other hotels in the area. But this one was nothing different.The building and the whole facility was quite old. My room smelled horrible. It was something like clorox ar maybe some deodorants. It gave me really a hard time. In the middle of the night I called the front desk and asked for another room. I was told that it is not the room which has the problem, it is me which is the problem and the guy asked me if i am not comfortable with my room i can leave the hotel !!! OMG !!!!!!!!!!! It was midnight and i didn't have any car or access to internet. otherwise I would have left that filthy place immediately. The bed sheets all had stains on them. I had to throw them all away and tuck myself in my own spare sheet. The towels all had stains or long hairs !!! I am used to staying in low cost motels, but this one was really unacceptable. Positive thing about the place : the shuttle to ORD was helpful and other people in the front desk were at least polite . Worse than all, I really felt offended by the the rude night shift receptionist !!!If u don't want to become crazy from a filthy place just stay away from this disgusting place. I am really sorry for the manager and I am planning to write to Better Business bureau.	
Jun 23 2008 	Acceptable room good shuttle low price	Good if you just need a room to flop in near the airport.Not that bad (yes, I read the reviews), low price, large room (ground floor). Room was clean(sheets, bathroom, carpet, walls). A/C in my room did not cool(I tested it, though it was rather cool outside). Room had 5 lamps and only 4 bulbs. Open closet (doors were removed). Watch the step up into the bathroom. Hotel has some exterior construction in progress, it did not block/hinder any access. Door locks were secure and used magnetic card. Underground garage (closed at night). Shuttle service was great (to get back to mass transit or airport) though I did take a cab several times($19-15 to O'Hare or Rosemont station). Hotel is also serviced by two bus lines. Takes about 1 to 1.5 hour to get to Chicago downtown.Free breakfast was donuts, cereal, coffee, milk, juice, toast, bagel. I had to reset the safety switch on the wall sockets then the toaster and microwave worked.Management could be nicer and more professional. Certainly a struggling 1-2 star hotel. When I checked out, I was told the credit card machine wasn't printing, the charge (which matched the hotel bill) was correct. FYI: The route to the Hotel pickup area at O'Hare is not well marked. Ask or look at a map. All the hotels pick up at one of three doors.	
Jun 9 2008 	Our worst hotel experience ever!	This was by far the worst Super 8 hotel I have ever seen. It was my first stay at this hotel and appeared very run down as I entered the lobby at 4:30 PM with a reservation for two nights. I was the only guest at the check in desk but neither of the two employees behind the desk even acknowledged my presence for several minutes. One was taking a reservation (OK) the other was counting money and continued until he was done. I finally checked in for my wife and I to a Queen suite. Upon entering the room, we were dismayed to find a bed with one pillow missing and a towel laying on the bed, the ironing bed set up in a corner with another towel on it and a towel on the bathroom floor. I immediately complained to the desk clerk about an apparent uncleaned room. He offered to clean it??? then offered another room but by this time we just wanted out. After I conviced him we were leaving, he left me standing and waiting while he took 2 more reservations. He stated he would still need to charge me for a nights stay and was that OK, I said it was not OK, I just wanted to check out. When I asked for a copy of the charges to my credit card, he said I would need to come back in the morning, but finally did give me one after I requested a second time. Bottom line - I was charged for one nights stay for a room that we did not use and not only looked bad but smelled bad as well. This was the worst experience I've ever had at any hotel of any kind.	
May 5 2008 	Yikes!	This is a place to be avoided! The underground parking was dark and there was garbage all over the place. The stairs to the lobby from the garage had pieces of charred insulation all over then, water stained walls and at the top of the stairs the wall was smoke stained and black! (see photos)Our room itself was clean enough, but the AC didn't work and we couldn't open the window because we were right over the stairs to the garage and anyone could have just climbed right into our room.We also had to tell the maid that the toilet was ready to overflow, and we ended up having to use the plunger she gave us everytime we used the comode!The good thing was it was very quiet at night.	
Mar 7 2008 	Just Down Right Creepy!	My parents and I stayed at this hotel due to an early morning flight to Fort Myers, Florida the next morning. First, I will tell the good things.1). It was close to the airport (has shuttle) and 2). it was cheap. Next, the long list of terrors. 1).It is in a BAD neighborhood! 2). We waited at the desk for 25 min. without anyone to check us in! 3). You must park in a creepy parking garage under the motel! 4). From there you must go into an unlit apartment area courtyard to go up an outdoor flight of stairs and follow a cement hall to get to the access door (it was not locked)! 5). There was vomit by our room door in the hallway (it was musty)! 6). The sink was leaky. 7). The bedspread was torn and had an unusual bloodlike fluid on it! 8). The conjoined room door had a hole in it! 9). The tiles in the closet were exposed and an emergency sprinkler was blocked by renovation supplies. 10). When we requested new sheets and pillows the desk cleak who spoke very poor english just shrugged and said &quot;no more&quot;! Over all, this place is just creepy, thank God we only were there to sleep for 5 hours and get out!	
Feb 21 2008 	What A Dump	This place was a dump, we were going to a concert downtown, and decided to take this hotel because of the price. If you are looking for a cheap place to sleep I guess this is yours. The whole place was dirty, the closet in our room was caved in, we could barely find our room because a lot of the room #'s on the door's are gone. It's o.k for one night, but if you are staying in Chicago for a few days spend a bit more and get something a bit better.	
Jan 2 2008 	Dirty and Scary	My husband and I stayed two nights in this hotel on Christmas Eve and Christmas night. The underground parking felt extremely unsafe (seeing as how anyone can enter) the staff member who assisted us upon check-in told us that we could check in early, but when we arrived we had to wait an additional 20 minutes, there was a peculiar area upstairs that was under renovation, our mattress had a large, reddish stain down the side, and the &quot;continental breakfast&quot; was lacking. Besides being cheap, I can find no other reason to ever stay at this hotel again.	
Dec 26 2007 	Stay away!!!	When we arrived at the airport we tried to contact the hotel to have the shuttle pick us up. After 30-40 minuites of trying to get ahold of the hotel and them not answering, we took a cab there. The hotel was dirty but we figured it was only for one night. The shuttle got us back to the airport on time in the morning. When I got home I looked and they charged me for staying two nights when I was only there for one. The hotel staff keeps passing the phone to another person and they want a copy of my pasport to prove that i was in mexico. I wouldn't trust these clowns with anything especially a copy of my passport. Please do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.	
Nov 26 2007 	Worst Ever!	We called for a shuttle from the airport curtesy phone and we were told it would pick us up in 20 minutes. An hour and a half later the shuttle shows up with a six passenger van, but 9 guests that want to be transfered. Obviously, hostility raged when some were told they would have to wait for the next shuttle.When we arrive at the desk we're informed that the advertised &quot;24 hour shuttle&quot; would not begin until half an hour after we're scheduled to be at the airport. We're told we'll have to take a cab at our expense. The check-in desk and hallways look like a war zone. In our room the toilet didn't flush, there wasn't enough water pressure for a shower and there wasn't any hot water. Then there was constant noise from neighboring rooms for most of the night.Lesson learned: A cheep room isn't always a bargain.	
Oct 13 2007 	Avoid like the Plague!!!	As soon as we arrived in Chicago we went to the bus shuttle center to arrange to be collected by Super 8.They said we wil be with you within 15 mins so we waited, half an hour later still no sign of them.So we rang again and was told he has just set of to pick us up so again we waited another 30 mins and then we rang again and someone different answered and said he sat in the office he will come and get you right away.So with that we just jumped in the taxi which cost $20 and arrived at our destination.Upon arrival we noticed they had 3 bus shuttles and at least 3 stff working.So we checked in the receptionist could hardly speak any english and went to our room.We was walking through the dark narrow corridors in utter disguist.It smelt like a tattoo parlour crossed with a whore-house.The room in all honestly was large and it had cable but it didnt make up for the rude and ignorant staff.Next morning we got up at 6 and went for our breakfast and they had corn flakes toast and doughnuts.The doughnuts were hard as hell and looked like they have been there all week.So we basically skipped breakfast and decided on a mcdonalds about a half mile walk down the busiest road i have ever come across in my life.Thye also advertise having a business center in retrospect they do but they dont like you using it.Unlucklily for us we stayed a full week in this god forsaken place.Take my advise spend the extra $$$ and stay in a better hotel if you havent got that option stay in any other budget hotel but this one.	
Aug 27 2007 	Don't Ever Stay Here	Don't ever stay here.....rooms and hall smell like urine, blood stain on carpet the size of a softball. Wouldn't dare take off your shoes much less sleep in the bed. Got the heck outta there when a prostitute came to the door.	
Apr 15 2007	Not bad at all.	First trip to USA, not really sure what to expect - but pleasantly surprised.The motel was only 1.5 * but all we wanted was somewhere clean and comfortable to sleep, as we would be out most of the day. The room was huge, pretty basic but comfortable. It had 2 big double beds, with cable TV, and bathroom with shower/tub. This hotel offered complimentary breakfast, which consisted of tea/coffee, pastries or donuts - plus there was a small work-out area. There were no eating places on-site, but if you were willing to walk down the road a little eating was no problem. The motel was approx 15 miles from Downtown Chicago, and they offered complimentary shuttle bus to O'Hare Airport - where you could catch a train downtown. If I was going to Chicago again I'd definitely stay more central, but this hotel suited our requirements perfectly, nothing spectular - but clean, tidy, and friendly staff.	
Apr 5 2007	Ick And Double Ick!	OMG, I wish I could give this place less than one dot! When we arrived the entry was blocked by some unsavory-looking characters. When we got inside, the place was packed for a girl's 15-year party. The loud music continued from the ballroom until 1:30 am...somehow they managed to punctuate the beat of the music with a car horn. Then at 5 am someone managed to set off the sprinkler system in their room....water flooded the hallway, the fire alarm rang, and the fire department came! So much for sleep. The underground parking is great if you happen to be the Addams Family, but is heinous for anyone else. Tearing the place down would improve both the hotel and the neiborhood!	
Jan 15 2007	One night stay best value	Missed my connecting flight back to Tokyo. Asked the O'hare info desk to find me a nearby affordable place until the flight next day. I paid around $46 for that night. Jeff (the van driver) picked me up from the airport. I checked in with no problem and went to my &quot;humble&quot; but clean room. Everything was better than I expected although Jeff introduced himself and asked for a tip every time I saw him, I didn't dare not sparing the small cash...I have stayed in hotels in US $200-300/night yet not getting what I expected. These were what I cared for at that moment and was given: comfortable bed for one-night and shower, free transportation to airport and also commuter station, wireless internet access and a simple good breakfast. However, I agree the area is a little scary and the staff could be more polite. I can assure you get what you pay for, at least here.	
Dec 5 2006 	good value but have realistic expectations	The negatives first - the hotel is varying states of repair, is in a fairly grim location and there is some considerable airport and road noise.Now the positives. Needing a few nights accomodation in Chicago, it was extremely easy to find driving in a hire car from the airport late in the evening. We booked on Expedia and got a room accomodating 3 for 30GBP per night (room rate). Complimentary breakfast (pretty good) and wireless internet included. The reception staff were helpful and courteous.The rooms were big and clean, if in need of some repairs.There is a basement car park.While the hotel corridors are very shabby and the rooms in need of some redecoration - helpful staff, clean rooms and an excellent rate made it a good value stopover.	
Dec 2 2006 	Value for money	Close to O hare airport - big room that was very clean. Motel itself is looking a little rundown and the breakfast is mainly sugar and caffeine. for the money it was a great deal. They have a shuttle to and from the airport where you can catch the train into downtown. No restaurants nearby except junk food. Overall, its what you expect at a Super 8.	
Nov 12 2006 	Very basic but worth the money	On arrival at O'Hare had to wait 45 mins for the shuttle, we missed it 3 times due to the fact it was a holiday in minibus not a normal super8 mini bus.Hotel needsa good overall cleaning and decorating.Rooms smell but beds clean and there was plenty of hot water,take ear plugs very noisey from overhead aircraft.Breakfast is very good dunkin donuts and fruit, cereal n coffee.Double check that the reception staff give you the correct information as we were advised wrong and this caused us a problem.	
Nov 2 2006 	Better than expected	We were lured in by the &quot;free wireless&quot; sign and the proximity to where my photo shoots were being held. The hotel was easy to find and was close to gas stations, the airport, and plenty of food. Down the road is a 24-hour grocery store and a 24-hour Baskin Robbins/Dunkin Donuts, for you coffee people. We were quoted $60 a night and booked two nights. They were running a $225 a week special that would be very worth the while if you have a week to spend. There IS parking here, it's just very hidden. The drive is circular and you have to pull in front of one of the garage door marked &quot;Entrance&quot;. Don't park in the apartment complex lot behind the place as it looks a little dodgy, there's a parking garage under the hotel. The lobby was very nice though the ice machine and snacks were a bit hard to find. There was 24 hour free coffee and the staircase was beautiful, though the exercise room was little more than a cubicle with a treadmill, a chair and some sort of rowing machine. Our room was on the second floor and was very quiet. The bed was clean with a very comfortable mattress and pillows. The wireless access was indeed free and came in rather well. The room was much bigger than I'd expected for the price and everything was clean, all the lamps worked, the batteries in the remote were fresh, there was a room safe and everything in the bathroom worked fine. I didn't get the opportunity to test out the free shuttle to the airport but I did see that it got pretty brisk business. We had food delivered to the room, fed two people for about $20 right up til midnight. There were several menus to choose from in the lobby. Breakfast was fruit, bagels, donuts, cereal, coffee, milk, tea... a very nice spread, again more than I was expecting. The only thing that would've been better is if I'd shelled out the extra cash for a little fridge or a microwave. No major complaints, not many minor ones either. I will definitely be staying here again.	
Jul 5 2006	Don't Stay Here!!	This hotel is by far the worst hotel I have stayed at! Upon arriving, the hotel appears very run down and this first impression is only mild compared to what awaits you as you reach your room. The hallways are narrow and dimly lit which should have been an indication for us to leave immediately. The rooms are dirty and scary! We found dirty clothes and garbage under our bed! The beds themselves are terrible and squeaked every time you moved. The bathroom had mold in the shower and it was very small. The parking garage is underground which would have been nice other than the fact it was dark and damp and looked like a great place to get mugged. The stairway to take you up to the main floor was outside and filthy. The stairway comes out behind the hotel with a not so nice neighborhood apartment building very nearby. We slept very little the night we stayed there out of discomfort and fear. Please do not stay here!	
Jun 20 2006	Great place to stay for the money - And Free Garage Parking!	We stayed at the Super 8 - Franklin Park for a 3 day weekend in February 2006. As we approached the hotel, we thought the area was a bit on the shady side but we were not afraid. Just a poorer side of town. We liked the fact that there was an inside garage for parking. The room was clean and we had cable TV. It was a bit of a distance to and from Chicago (Navy Pier, etc.) but well worth it since the price of the room and the free parking made up for the higher prices we would have paid closer to Chicago proper. The only drawback was the traffic to and from the hotel - stop and go all the way.We are going to Chicago again in August and have decided to stay at this Super 8 again. For the money, you can't beat it.I thought the man at the front desk was not helpful. We didn't know anything about the Navy Pier, the L Train etc. and he talked to us in such general terms it was as if he thought we were locals! His accent made it difficult to understand what he was saying.	
Apr 15 2006	Super 8-Super dump! Don't even consider it!	This was by far the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I struggle to find one good thing to say about it. It's in an area that feels unsafe-obviously we didn't know this when we booked. The non smoking rooms are clean, but in a bad state of repair. We were put in a smoking room at first-the door looked as if it was about to fall off! When we first got to our non smoking room the toilet was blocked-when we complained we were given a plunger to sort it out ourselves! Although the manager was helpful most of the time other members of staff were downright rude. We got into an argument with one, who was very abrupt and offensive. The argument was over the key to the business room, which is normally $10. (The advertised free internet only works if you have a wireless laptop) The fee had been waved for us because we had so much trouble upon checkin. However this particular clerk demanded the $10 from us and said he would be querying the other times we'd been in there too, to see if there was an additional charge! Of course, when the manager was back in the morning he assured us there was no charge, but there was no apology from the other clerk. I would strongly advise you to stay away from here at all costs!!!!	
Mar 15 2005	Be Afraid Be Very Afraid	We visited the Super 8 South (to save money) on February 12, 2005. The hotel is not in the best area but we didn't know that until we got there. The parking garage is underground and kinda spooky. The door to the parking garage goes up whenever anybody gets close, whether you are a guest or not. We didn't feel safe getting out of the car. The man at the desk was nice, but not overly friendly. The rooms were clean and well furnished, even though it is in need of renovation. There was a very loud polka band playing in a reception room and it could be heard in our room on the second floor until after 11:00 p.m.. We had just gone to sleep when the fire alarm went off and three firetrucks with sirens and lights showed up in front of the hotel. Luckily it was a false alarm, but we had a very difficult time settling down and getting back to sleep. Check out was easy and the hotel clerk gave very good directions to the airport. I really have to say, even though the clerk was nice, and the room was clean, I never felt safe, even though I was locked in my room. I was also afraid our rental car was going to be stolen being parked in the garage. The next time I go to Chicago, I will spend the extra money and go to a hotel where I can sleep without being afraid.	
