	This is a remarkable place.	We drove to chicago, but we wanted to park and use the metro. I chose this hotel because it has free parking and claimed to be close to public transportation. Well, let me tell you the claim is true!!. It is an easy walk to a blue line train stop with a direct line to the loop and downtown. The walk is probably less than 1500 feet to get to the trains, and you can clearly see the hotel while standing on the platform waiting for the train. However, the secret to this place is the view. If you can request a room on an upper floor facing to the east you will be surprised to have a gorgeous view of the downtown Chicago skyline. I was able to sit up in bed and have my coffee looking at the sun bouncing off the Sears tower every morning. Amazing. I was surprised that they dont adverise the view from these rooms, but then again, only the upper level rooms on the east side would have the view. Even without the view, however, this place was great and we will return again. Photos of the view to be posted soon.	
Oct 25 2009 	Not Bad For Hotel Near Airport	Clean, quiet (as quiet as you can be by an airport) and roomy with comfy bed.I paid about $70 for the one night in mid Oct. 09. No breakfast included but the pricewas great. The free shuttle picked me up at the airport when I arrived and dropped me off when I departed. I think it left for the airport every hour on the hour and half hour.	
Oct 12 2009 	A pleasant surprise!	I stayed here with my fiancé and another couple in the beginning of September 2009. We were in Chicago for a tradeshow at the McCormick, and all the hotels in the city were overpriced ($2-300 a night). I got an AMAZING offer for this hotel through a booking site ( 2 hotel rooms and a car for 3 nights/4 days for about $400).The hotel is about 5 minutes from the airport, but we didn't hear any planes while we were in the room. The hotel is also right off the highway to get into the city and other areas in greater Chicago, which was convenient. The city is about a 20-30 minute drive, depending on traffic.The hotel is nicer than all other Holiday Inns that I've been to - there's a proper foyer and people at the reception desk, as well as a bar/restaurant downstairs. Our rooms were clean and spacious, and the bathroom was clean as well. We were very pleased with everything overall. We had a microwave in our room and our friends had a fridge (but neither rooms had both - strange). There's no safe.Parking is free and there is ample parking at the front and back of the building. The area seemed safe too. Oh, and there was free internet too!	
Oct 4 2009 	Great Attitude	My fellow colleagues and I were at the bar(The Red Eye Lounge)Brett was our bartenda real down to earth kinda person.Thanks for bending your ear.....	
Sep 27 2009 	Good	The Hotel was pretty good the location &amp; amenities were very easy to get to and near by. Service was excellent.	
Sep 22 2009 	Great for location and very friendly.	They gave us a free upgrade into a newly restored room but for some reason they didn't know that you couldn't shut the bathroom door. The location was great, no problems with staff.Downside was no free breakfast included and there is only an outdoor pool.	
Sep 4 2009 	Perfect...will be back	This place was just what we wanted, nice place, able to park car and head downtown on public transit. We did just that, went to Cubs game, then downtown the next day...There was a pool, but did not use it. The beds, as mentioned before, were very comfortable. The Hotel does show its age, stains on hallways loor, but the room was spotless.We will be back	
Jul 28 2009 	winner for most comfortable hotel bed	This hotel is in outstanding condition. It is extremely clean and the room we had was in immaculate condition. The bed is the most comfortable I have ever slept on in a hotel no matter the store rating or price. The room also contains wifi, fridge, coffee maker, and microwave. It is a very short walk to the train station, but it takes around an hour to get to most of Chicago's sights. My wife and I enjoyed this part in the morning. We enjoyed seeing a lot of Chicago's different neighborhoods from the train. At night, it does not make an exciting trip, so you may want to grab a paper on the way back at night. The service at the hotel was very good overall. Check in and out was a breeze. They store your luggage after check out until your plane leaves. The airport shuttles are convenient. One even dropped us off at the train station while it was pouring down rain. The only fault is the service is not as frequent as I would like. They are suppose to run every half hour, but it seemed to take longer than that at times. We waited quite a bit at the airport upon arrival and on our return as well. Overall, the rooms were well stocked, but I had to ask the staff for extra coffee every morning. They only supply enough for one cup per guest each morning. I like two. Overall, this is a very good value for the money. The only fault I see in regards to value is the price of breakfast and meals in general. The breakfast at the hotel is around $15 per person. It is very good, but overpriced. Please keep that in mind if you are traveling with family. We ate their once and then just bought food elsewhere to use in the fridge and microwave. I wold definitely stay at this property again though. You can't beat the cleanliness and friendliness of the staff.	
Jul 21 2009 	Nice like Holiday Inn used to be when we were kids	It was quite nice and the staff was lovely. It was a block and a half to the BlueLine &quot;El&quot; train station so easy walking distance to public transport. Beds comfortable, shower was great, outdoor pool heated, parking garage. Very Very reasonably priced. Room had small fridge and microwave in it too and that was a nice surprise.	
Jul 19 2009 	best value in chicagoland	i have not stayed at this hotel 3 different times, and each time it has been the best total value of any hotel i have stayed at in chicago. conveniently located near Ohare airport...within walking distance to the EL train downtown...free parking...in room FREE wifi...this is just a super value. I think I paid around $80/ night each time and it features high quality mattress and high threadcount sheets...large rooms with desk and sitting chairs in each one i stayed in. It seems it was recently refurbished maybe or just well maintained. Checkin and out was always easy with very friendly service. Highly recommend for a great priced and value room in Chicagoland	
Jul 18 2009 	Good Park and Fly rate	We stayed here overnight prior to a flight. By going to the Park and Fly website, we got a great rate. I called the Holiday Inn reservation number and they matched the price. This is close to O'Hare and has a shuttle service. The rooms were nice, nothing luxurious but clean. We were able to park for free for 2 weeks and that is a real plus. On our return, we did have a bit of a mix up with the shuttle picking us up but after 3 phone calls, we were able to hook up with the shuttle. Be sure to go to the lower level for pick up. The first person we called at the hotel told us to go to the upper level which is where those who are taking a departing flight go. I'd stay here again.	
Jun 24 2009 	Fantastic Value Fantastic Room	Whilst in Orlando on holiday we upgraded our Chicago Holiday Inn room on the internet. We stayed 1 night in transit returning to the UK. Our upgrade was to an allergy free room with extra towels, pillows and drinks in the room (soft drinks).We opened the door of our room and it was 'wow' fantastic.Thoroughly recommend this newly refurbished room for comfort and luxury. Room service was excellent service too.Great value for money and totally recommended.	
Jun 17 2009 	Still problem areas at this hotel	This Holiday Inn's internet computers in the lobby were formerly no charge. Now they charge 49 cents per minute! This seems to be a rip-off of the customers. Even Kinko's only charges about 25 cents a minute.The property still has not upgrade their air conditioning. The room air conditioners are barely adequate, and the lobby area was too warm.The room windows look as if they had not been cleaned in years.The property is much better maintained than when it was a Clarion, but the above three concerns bring down my rating for this Holiday Inn	
Jun 12 2009 	Took care of me when United failed	I was stranded in Chicago on a lay-over by United. This Holiday Inn was very very nice. There was a nice restaurant where I ate dinner and breakfast and they provided a shuttle for me to and from the airport. As a teenaged girl traveling alone, I was kind of uncomfortable, but this hotel definitely eased my fears. The room I received was huge-- bigger by far than my dorm room at college! And this was with the distressed traveler price. I had what I think was a king bed, a sitting area, large TV, very nice bathroom. The Holiday Inn definitely made my experience a lot better than it could have been.	
May 31 2009 	Great Park and Stay	This is the hotel to choose if you are flying out of Ohare and need to park and stay. the hotel is clean and very inviting. Very nicely decorated. The rooms are very clean and nice as well. The beds were very easy to sleep on. The lounge was nice as well. The bartender makes the best key lime martinis I have ever had. The shuttle service was prompt on the way to the airport and on our return. They even took us right to our vehicle on our return. I would definately reccomend this hotel for park and stay or to anyone who wants to stay in chicago.	
May 18 2009 	Great place to stay for Stay 	This is a great place to stay and park your car if you're flying out of O'hare. We stayed the night before our trip because we had a 5:40 am flight and live in Milwaukee. We had an 8th floor room with a very comfortable king size bed. Had all the amentities you may need, right in your room. Wireless was simple to connect to, no special passwords were necessary. We got a free drink and free breakfast card for staying (even thought we left too early for breakfast). Don' t let the outdated look of the outside fool you, this is a nice place to spend the night. We parked upstairs on the ramp. There were at least 10 cameras too keep and eye on your car, so you felt safe leaving it there, plus it was free for up to 12 days! The shuttle was right on time both at 3:30 am and at 11:00 pm when we got in late on a Sunday night.	
May 18 2009 	Luxurious Rooms for the Money	I was stranded at O'Hare overnight due to a missed connection caused by weather. I didn't want to spend a fortune on an unexpected hotel stay. My Friday night rate, inclusive of taxes, was $109.75 which, for Chicago, is a real deal. The linens on the King-sized bed were luxurious. The room was large and had many amenities - working clock radio, fridge, microwave, coffee maker and fixins. The bathroom had a large vanity area - black granite-like counter with Garden Botanika soaps, lotion, cleanser and shampoo. Tub had a curved shower rod which made the shower more spacious - also had an oversized adjustable shower head. Another commentor below mentioned there were no room-darkening drapes. Perhaps his room didn't, but mine had a separate set of darkening drapes that you pulled over the sheer drapes. As a stressed out traveler arriving at the end of a long day, the room was a godsend. Lobby is gorgeous - lots of dark wood and polished black and white &quot;marble&quot; flooring - looks like an English manor house. Three (or four, can't quite remember) elevators in good shape with wood, brass and mirrors. Hallways are a bit dingy. Shuttle drivers were very friendly and did an amazing job remembering who had what bags - which made things very efficient upon arrival at the airport in the morning. Shuttles leave the hotel on the hour and half-hour, 24-hours a day. They were right on time. Picking up the shuttle at the airport was kind of frustrating. You pick it up in front of the Hilton's entrance - at the shuttle center - which is a zoo. There are several Holiday Inn shuttles and you need to be careful to wait for one that says Cumberland Ave on it. The Cumberland shuttle seemed to take forever to arrive - whereas there were numerous other Holiday Inn shuttles that came and went. So be prepared to wait up to a half hour. Having said that, the shuttle was very comfortable, the driver friendly and the trip to the hotel uneventful. The hotel advertises they are 2 mi and 5 minutes from the airport. It may be 2 mi as the crow flies, but the trip takes at least 10 minutes - and may take you longer individually depending on which terminal you use. Allow at least 15 minutes (with no traffic problems). As a female traveling alone, I was also happy to see that the hotel's clientele were seniors, families, business travelers and even flight crews. I felt very safe and comfortable. I could not have been more pleased with my experience - especially under the stressful situation of being stranded.	
May 8 2009 	Great Service!	I was going to rate this place a 3 stars but it surely has deserved an extra star for its service. The room is dated and some of the areas need repairs but not enough to bother me. Overall, the room is clean and it has all the ameneties (fridge, microwave, iron board n hair dryer). Since it is located near the airport, you can constantly hear the airplanes so be sure to bring your ear plugs. This hotel has gotten an extra star for the rating because of the pillow selection they offered. Firm, soft, down and u-shape pillow. And technical service team has provided excellent service when we could not log on to the internet	
Apr 29 2009 	Great Value	My husband and I booked a room using Park.SleepFly the night before a very early flight out of Chicago-O'Hare. It was quite a relief to know that we were only 5 minutes away from our terminal. The parking facility was a two-story garage, and we were instructed to park on the top level. Unfortunately, this was not a covered area (only the first floor was covered). No matter. BUT, if it had snowed while we were gone, my review would have been quite different. (My advice--park on the first, covered, level) We joined the rewards program (free) and received an upgrade. It was a nice, clean room. The hotel also had a very nice restaurant where we enjoyed a relaxing dinner, and were able to put our leftovers in the room's refrigerator. We then had a couple drinks in the hotel's lounge. Altho we had to wake early for the shuttle (which was right on time), we ate our leftovers for a quick breakfast (saved lots of $$ not having to eat at the airport), and left the hotel well-rested and relaxed. I will definitely use this service again next time we have an early flight out of O'Hare.	
Apr 26 2009 	Good Overall	Everyhting was good, from check in to check outthe only thinkg that we did not liked and was probably an exception - the bathroom drainage was very slow in bathtub and we had to put the out flow of water from shower at slow speed to match the inflow of drainage.as I said the overall experience was good, specially with LongIsland in the bar exactly at midnight - our aniiversary day..	
Apr 23 2009 	Can't Beat the Price in ChiTown	I was quite impressed with my recent stay at this hotel. It isn't the prettiest from the outside and the shuttle isn't the fastest, but for the price I don't think you could beat it. I have to say though, the guy driving the shuttle was nice enough to drop me off at the blue line metro across the street when it was raining. I booked my stay on Orbitz with a vacation package. I'll just say I know my plane ticket was $188 and my total for a four day stay ended up being $239. The free wireless in the rooms was great! Be warned though, for some reason when you log onto wireless it cuts off after three days. If you stay longer you'll need to call the helpline and get them to reconnect you. The room was very cozy, best hotel bed I've slept on in quite a while. I had a few problems during my trip (all my fault) and the guy at the front desk was relentless in helping me out. Downtown Chicago is about a 30 minute metro ride, not a bad ride at all. There is also a Dominicks grocery store, seven eleven and Outback Steakhouse very closeby.	
Apr 6 2009 	Just Perfect for bsnss	I enjoy my stay at the Chicago Holiday inn .Really had a cheap, confortable and relaxing stay Recommendable 100% for businessmen.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great For The Price	Booked this hotel thru the parksleepfly.com for $89. Was surprised by how nice it was. The hotel appears to be an older hotel but is very clean and newly decorated. The bed was a king bed with a soft feather comforter and many pillows. Very comfortable. Bathroom was very large. Had a few drinks at the bar which were pricey but we had expected that. Staff was very friendly. Shuttle took as to the airport at 4 am (runs every 1/2 hour). The only complaint would have to be that we had to wait over 40 minutes to get picked up when we got back. We were at the international pickup area and you need to call to get picked up there. I think we may have called just as he was heading back and therefore had to wait for him to come back again.Parking is behind the hotel (has entrance to hotel) on the upper floor of a 2 story ramp. This is covered parking but we were told to park on top.	
Mar 14 2009 	If it werent for the wireless connection not working I would have rated this perfect	I booked this hotel through booking.com and paid 58 USD (with taxes) on a friday night. If you want a place that is close to Ohare airport this is the place to be for the price. Theres a lot of hotels by ohare and Ive stayed in quite a few but again for the value and quality you cant beat this place. The rooms had a microwave, ref and was really clean. My biggest problem is that the wireless connection did not work with my laptop. It requires a device ownership password, the hotel enginner spent half an hour figuring it out and the tech support spent almost an hour and they cant figure it out. It was the first time I came across that issue with a wireless connection from a hote. I cannot fault the hotel for this because they went out of their way to accomodate me. The manager gave me an option to check out without being charged or use his wired connection but I had to go down in the lobby to do so. If it werent for that this place would be perfect. They also have a computer at the lobby for use at 49centts a minute, thats high! Yes you can hear the planes but it was not a big deal for me and im a light sleeper. Between a Days Inn, La Quinta or other hotels of that level, go for this hotel.	
Feb 26 2009 	Terible shuttle service-nice hotel	Stayed at the Hotel in February on their Park and Fly program. The Hotel was fine and we had a drink at the bar and also ate at the restaurant. Bartender and waiter were very nice. Rooms were clean. When we returned however we called for a pick up and waited over 1.5 hours. They had a shuttle pull up and it had their name on it an hour earlier, but the driver said he just went to the skokie location, not to ours. He waited with us for over an hour and never picked up anyone. He could have taken us the 7 minutes to the hotel and then returned. Poor customer service in this regard.	
Feb 3 2009 	Clean quite room for a good night sleep	Clean room with very comfortable bed, large bathroom, free airport shuttle every half hour and nice fitness center. There seemed to a malfunction with the Pay per View system the night I was there so I was able to watch the adult channel for free.	
Jan 19 2009	Holiday Inn Chicago O'Hare	My family and Istayed prior to flying out to see family. With a 6 yr old and newborn in tow, we were initially daunted by the overnight..however what a pleasant surprise to arriva and discover that everything was lovely, the guest room new upadted and contemporary, food great, and everyone was very friendly..it felt like a real getaway/mini vacation.. thanks!	
Dec 10 2008 	Bad shuttle service	I stay at the hotel quite often, at least one week a month. Working for an airline, I am in and out of O'hare daily. My average wait for the shuttle pick up from the airport is an hour. Everyday the front desk tells me it will be 15-20 mins, but it takes an hour. Be prepared to wait!Front desk is always friendly and helpful.Resturant is your typical hotel food, not great but will sufice and over priced.Rooms are are and I have never had a problem with them. I did end up with a Chicago Car Show booth blueprint in my room during the midst of my stay (it was not in the desk when I checked in, not sure how it &quot;appeared&quot; in my room).	
Dec 5 2008 	Got to be kidding me?!	I had a horrible experience at this hotel. I travel ALOT, and I've seen everything. But nothing like this. I was in Chicago speaking at a conference and the Holiday Inn was in a convenient spot for me to stay for the night. The hotel's shuttle was suppose to pick me up from the airport in the morning. I waited 30 minutes and I saw no Holiday Inn Shuttle. Called the hotel and spoke with the Front Desk Manager. She explained the shuttle had already returned from the airport. She told that the next pick up would be in 20 minutes and that I should wait for that. Remind you this is Chicago and its freezing outside waiting!!!! The shuttle came for me and we returned to the hotel. I went to go check in next. Went through the check in process and was given my key to my room. When I got to room and opened the door, the room was already OCCUPIED! Walked all the way back to the front desk and told the lady the room was occupied. She gave me another room key. Went to this room and that one was occupied as well!!! I couldn't believe this happened twice! I went back to the desk and demanded to speak to a manager. The lady that checked me in twice to two occupied rooms was the Front Desk Manager!!! Unbelieveable! She finally found me an empty room and offered me a complimentary drink. Yippee! The overnight was fine, but my wake up call was late. Which I specifically told the Front Desk Manager I need to be up by 6am not 7am. Ditsy Manager or just bad luck?? You be the judge of that.	
Nov 30 2008 	Wonder holidays	The hotel is good and we had everything that we wanted. The price was also reasonable. We paid 120 dollars per night and there were 2 queen size bed so four of us accommodated comfortably. There were even extra blankets. The staff was also courteous and the good thing was that we did not have to interact with them much as everything we wanted we got it in the hotel from the microwaves to heat the milk for my son to the refrigerator and the Television for entertainment. The complimentary breakfast provided by the hotel was awesome. I would recommend everyone to stay there especially the tourist who know little about the hotels and are demanding customers.	
Nov 27 2008 	friendly staff clean rooms	I stayed at this hotel last weekend and it exceeded my expectations. Check in was very easy, and the person in charge upgraded our room without us even asking. The room was clean, bathroom was huge and clean as well. lots of towels and pillows! the parking was free, which is a great thing. the hotel is very close to the blue line station, so it's easy to get to downtown without a car. I didn't eat at the hotel except for one breakfast which was ok, but not the greatest. still, I can't complain! I really enjoyed my stay and definitely recommend this hotel, great return for the price you pay.	
Nov 5 2008 	Holiday Inn Fall Stay	I was in town for Chicago's beautiful fall weather. Receieved a great price online and made a weekend of it. My family arrived at the hotel. Check-In was a breeze. Front Desk Staff was pleasant and one was a gentlemen who gave us great directions to Downtown Chicago. He made sure they were simple and easy to understand. Later that night we arrived back to the hotel. Our room was fine, all but the bathroom. The toilet would not flush! We called down to the front desk and spoke to the Manager. She was very rude and sarcastic when we spoke to her. She pretty much told us to deal with it until they could send someone up. The hotel was booked and they could not find us another room. An hour past with nothing. I called back down to talk to the manager but was informed she left for the night without dealing with our room. The gentleman at the desk reassured me that he would take care of the problem. He was able to find us a vacant room, that the Manager said was not available. He saved the night. The rest of our stay was wonderful in beautiful Chicago!	
Sep 25 2008 	Hmmm ... not so convinced this should be a Holiday Inn	This hotel was was OK. The front desk staff could really use some training. It seems like they were nice, and tried to be helpful but simply don't have the skills or training.The rooms were good, roomy, clean and updated. The beds and pillows were great. Was a very nice lobby, great location, and reasonable rates. There isn't a fan in the bathroom, which was surprising.The restaurant wasn't good. We had 2 dinner entrees at Mirrors Restaurant, one pasta dish and one sandwich, neither were very good. We were there about 9pm on a Thursday. There was only 1 server, so service was not great either. It certainly didn't exceed our expections. In fact, I'm not sure it met our expectations either. I guess I've stayed at some very nice Holiday Inn's with fantastic service, so possibly I've been spoiled.	
Jun 14 2008 	Almost-decent hotel but too many problems for me to want to return	I stayed at this hotel on the nights of June 6 through 8 along with my quiz bowl team for the National Academic Championship. When our team arrived, our coaches got us checked in and distributed the room keys to us, and we proceeded to go upstairs to our designated rooms. (This 11-story hotel has 3 pretty quick elevators, so we never had to wait too long to get from floor to floor.)We got off the elevator on our floor, 6, which we quickly found out was the hotel’s smoking floor. The smoke smell in the hallway was pretty overpowering. Luckily, our room, 615, was the first room on the right once you got off the elevator. The smell was still perceivable in the room, but it was definitely milder than it was in the hallway. The funny thing about the room was that it was a one-bedroom suite with one queen bed in the bedroom. Since we were already cramming 4 people in each room, we were expecting a room with two double beds. Our coaches talked to the desk staff and found out that it was being taken care of; they were sending a rollaway bed up. So now we had a queen bed, a sofa bed, and a rollaway bed – enough to sleep three of the four of us. Luckily, one of us didn’t mind sleeping on the floor (he said he actually sleeps better on the floor than in a bed or on a couch), so that kind of worked itself out. What I don’t understand is this: the reservations had been in the system for several months (they had probably already been made in late ’07), so how did they run out of non-smoking rooms with two double beds AND non-smoking one-bedroom suites? Did every guest in that hotel for those nights honestly have a reservation dating as far back as the National Academic Championship reservations? (I can only assume that the people in charge of our reservations would have booked us all non-smoking rooms; we’re high school students, after all.)Besides the issue of cigarette smoke, the room itself wasn’t too bad. There was no wired internet access, but the wireless worked fine, despite being just a bit slow. The furniture was kind of beaten-up but still functional, and the carpet, though really dark and dated, appeared clean. The bathroom was pretty roomy, and the bathtub was perfectly clean. The one thing that grossed me out a little was this: one time when I used a tissue to dry off a drop of water I’d spilled on the bathroom floor, the tissue came up grayish-black, reflecting a poor cleaning job on the part of the hotel’s housekeeping people. The floor didn’t LOOK dirty, but I guess that was an illusion created by the type of tile they used. The moral: wear shoes when you walk into the bathroom. (The bathroom door also had some very weird-looking damage near the bottom of it [see photo], but that’s merely cosmetic and didn’t affect the cleanliness or functionality of the room, so I didn’t really see it as a huge negative.)The hotel is located very close to the O’Hare airport, which can be really convenient for travelers... until you try to get to sleep. Planes flew right over the hotel frequently, 24/7. The hotel’s noisy, old, window-style air conditioning unit helped drown out some of the plane noise, so I got to sleep after a while. When I woke up, I found that despite the great selection of pillows, the bed itself hadn’t exactly been great on my back. They probably decided to use the same old mattresses that the hotel had been using as a Ramada, which probably date back to the days when it was a Clarion.We had the only suite out of everyone from our school, so it was basically our meeting place whenever we needed to get together for breakfasts, practices, or just relaxation/downtime. The first two mornings, we had breakfast in the suite; our assistant coach went to Dominick’s (right across the interstate from the hotel) and got milk, juice, doughnuts, bagels, and other items so we could eat right in our room without paying the ungodly $12.95 per person for the basic breakfast buffet offered by the hotel. The in-room mini-fridge and microwave proved very useful for this; we could just store the milk and juice in there until breakfast the next day. The third morning, we did eat at the hotel’s breakfast buffet, which had a decent variety and tasted excellent. I don’t know if I’d call it $12.95 worth of food, as Holiday Inn Expresses offer a wider variety of similar-quality items for free every day, but it was definitely satisfying. We also ate at the lunch buffet at the hotel’s restaurant on the second day; the food was amazing. They offered salad with fresh, healthy-looking lettuce and a variety of dressings; pasta with alfredo and spicy marinara sauces available; delicious well-seasoned grilled chicken breasts that tasted like they just came off the grill; and bread and butter. (I’m probably forgetting something, but everything I had was incredibly good, and I can be kind of a picky eater sometimes.)One night we thought about taking a swim in the hotel’s “heated” outdoor pool, but it didn’t seem very heated at all – way too cold to swim in, for sure. On the opposite end of the scale, though, were the hotel’s common areas near the meeting rooms on the second floor. I guess the A/C must not have been working or something, but it was ridiculously hot and humid outside the Ontario and Huron rooms. It was just as hot most of the time inside Ontario and Superior A. The other rooms we used (Superior B and C and Michigan) were fine. (We never used the Huron room, so I don’t know about the temperature of that room.) I also swung by the fitness center on the second floor just to check it out, and despite both window A/C units being on their coldest temperatures and highest fan settings, the room felt pretty warm.Our assistant coach, a Priority Club member, mentioned to us that she wanted to see if she could get the Priority Club points for all of our rooms put on her account. (She wasn’t the one who had paid for the rooms, but the person who had paid for them wasn’t a Priority Club member or just had no interest in getting the points.) I mentioned that I was also a Priority Club member, and she agreed that I’d take the points for my suite and she’d take the points for our group’s other rooms. She managed to get the points put on her account by talking to the front desk. I tried to do so later on, but the woman at the front desk didn’t seem very informed. She told me that it was impossible to give the points to anyone except the person who paid for the rooms, which is obviously untrue, as our assistant coach was able to do that just fine. I feel like she was just trying to get rid of me because I’m “just a kid” (I’m 18 years old, but I understand that some people mistakenly don’t view us as part of the adult community yet); she obviously wasn’t going to even try to do it, despite my telling her about how our assistant coach was able to do this with one quick visit to the front desk, so I had to walk away without the points.Overall, our stay wasn’t too bad, but if I were choosing the hotel next time, I wouldn’t stay here again. The biggest problem is one that the hotel can’t really help – the location, right under the flight path of loud airplanes going to and coming from O’Hare – but besides that, there are so many little things (cold pool, unfriendly and/or uninformed desk staff, air conditioning problems, dirty bathroom floor, uncomfortable mattress, etc.) that would still keep me from returning.	
May 28 2008 	A very friendly welcome next door to busy airport...	Walked in after a long road trip looking for a night's accommodation before returning to Europe, and - despite the front desk being busy with large corporates (various airline crews checking out), I got a very genuine welcome from the Indian front desk manager and was offered a competitive rate. Hotel very tidy, with limited signs of good use (i.e. not brand new). My room very good, a lot less noisy than other hotels at O'Hare with a comfortable bed and thoroughly cleaned.The Moroccan-born bartender does an brilliant job of looking after guests and keeping conversations flowing amongst the various guests around the bar. The Greek-born food and beverage manager knows the hospitality business, interacts with staff and guests on a very personal level and the concept works. You are really made to feel welcome. Food is above average, some items come from the freezer (they're honest about this), as can be expected in an airport hotel in this range. When I checked out, the Bolivian shuttle bus driver would not allow me to take a taxi, and insisted on doing a separate run for me. All in all I'm VERY impressed by this place (based on one night's stay) and - if what I saw is representative of the usual standard - I recommend it thouroughly.	
May 26 2008 	Very nice service	When I arrived this place by hotel shuttle from Chicago O'Hare airport, the receiption couldn't find my booking information; it must be some communication mistakes from the online hotel booking agency, however, the receiption still offered me the same room rate. without any hesitation. My first room was opposit to the crowd road so I felt some concerns, because I knew it would seriouly affect my sleep; so I asked for changing room and they accepted.  Finally, the receiption guy delivered me a big plate of fresh fruits, not sure if this was a complement for my room changing (free of charge). I spent an excellent night there with free internet, fresh fruit and quiet room condition. I very much appreciated this hotel and would recommend it as a good choice for people who need airport pick up, very soon connection to airport, free-internet, quiet sleeping etc. Two points need to remind: 1. Although I didn't choose TV movie but they charged me, after my complaint, they cancelled the charges. So be careful for the TV channels, better to check for the detailed Channel information. 2. As the hotel sit close to the road, make sure that you can check the room condition before accepting check in.	
May 22 2008 	Decent hotel close to O'Hare	I had a late flight in to O'Hare, so I wanted a hotel close to the airport before heading in to town the next morning. Although this hotel had not been reviewed much yet on here, I decided to take a chance since this hotel is so close to the airport. It was not a disappointment at all. It is only two stops away from the airport on the Blue Line and there is a direct shuttle to and from the airport. The front desk staff was very friendly, even at the late hour that I arrived. The bed was awesome - very comfortable! There was free wireless and the bar in the hotel was open until 1am. Also, the price was reasonable for Chicago, about $110 for the night. If you have a overnight stay waiting for a connection or a late flight in, I highly recommend this place.	
Mar 31 2008 	Great Hotel - Hotwire did me good again!	I found this to be a great hotel. Getting there was an issue only because there are several Holiday Inns in the area and all have hotel shuttles. But, once you find the correct one it is a short ride to the hotel. The rooms were great and the hotel restaurant was clean and fast. I will stay here again on my next layover in Chicago.	
Mar 4 2008 	Front Desk staff openly stole my jewels	I suffered a robbery last November 2 at Holiday Inn Chicago O’Hare Hotel. I was stolen two unique pieces of jewelry, handmade designer rings, which I left behind at the bathroom of my room when I left the hotel. I called back to the Hotel when I arrived to the airport, and the Front Desk Manager told me he had my rings and would store them for me to collect them on my next visit. On my next visit, 13 days later, when I claimed my rings, he told me that they had “disappeared” and that he had no idea how this could have happened. He gave me 100 USD (one hundred US dollars) as a guarantee that the hotel was taking responsibility for the theft and would initiate an investigation for that purpose. He told me he would email me to let me know the results and give my rings back; but this never happened. The attitude of the Front Desk staff was at all times rude and nasty. Nor the Hotel officers, neither the Corporate offices ever responded to my claim, so I am making a formal complaint to the police of Chicago. Lydia González	
Jan 14 2008 	Much Better than its Reputation	Based on the reviews I read on this site, I wasn't expecting much and I was pleasantly surprised. The reviews, however, seemed to refer to previous owners (Ramada). I am pleased to report a quick and efficient check-in, a pleasant and helpful staff (inclduing an in-room call from the consierge asking if I needed anything), efficient wireless hook-up, and a clean room. Although I was only here on business, I would not hesitate returning to this hotel.	
Oct 7 2009 	Empfehlenswert für einen Kurzaufenthalt		
Aug 18 2009 	Confortevole ma 35 minuti dal centro citta'		
