Oct 23 2009 	The best kept secret in Chicago	First things first. The BAC is difficult to find at first. Various previous reviews have mentioned this. We arrived on a Saturday PM (when most of the loop is shut down) and even our transfer shuttle from O'Hare had no idea were the hotel was and basically dumped our bags on the side of the road when they got fed up looking.To be clear to get to the hotel you must enter the main revolving doors to get into 440 S La Salle. When inside you take the main bank of elevators to floor 39 and transfer from there to a small elevator (next to the main bank) to get to reception on floor 40. After the initial difficulties in finding the entrance to the building nothing could be simpler in getting into the hotel (using the security tab provided). Whats more because you are a little out of the way you feel very secure.The hotel itself, as has been stated before, is small - around 20 rooms. However reception and ousekeeping staff were friendly and courteous throughout - amongst the best I have ever encountered.Our room was amazing. Maybe there was not the same level of opulence you would get in a four or five star place but everything was clean and well maintained, particularly the bed.Because the hotel is small you didn't get things like pay per view movies but there was a thorough range of cable channels available which was fine for us.Clearly the best thing about the hotel was the view. We had a clear view of Buckingham Fountain and the Field Museum as well as the loop skyline and Lake Michigan. It was amazing to watch sunrise and sunset across the lake and not to be overlooked by anyone.There have been some comments previously about the continental breakfast. It was absolutely fine. There was a well stock supply of Coffee, Juice, Cereals, Bagels and Muffins. OK it's not what you would get at one of the major hotels around the Mag Mile but it is free.In response to some other comments there are better locations of hotels in the city. This hotel is right in the south of the Loop, so you do have a fair old walk for the Magnificent Mile and attractions such as Navy Pier. However, it is a good location for the Museum Campus and Grant Park and is certainly no more than ten blocks from Macys on State Street (and around three blocks from the Willis (Sears) Tower). It is also worth noting that there is an El Station right outside the hotel.Overall this is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. I can accept that it may not suit everyone but if you don't mind a little bit of walking then it is worth going for the view alone.	
Jul 29 2009 	I felt decieved	This hotel was not at all what I thought it would be. I do not think it should be rated as a 3 1/2 star. The bed was rickety ane hard and also had no box spring. The bathroom was not as clean as I would have liked there was hair on the floor that was not mine. The furniture is old and all chipped and scuffed. And the top bedding looked old and dingy! It was a pretty good price though	
Jul 27 2009 	Good stay	I booked on travelocity so I got a really good deal on the room rate. The hotel is overall very nice. It is quiet and isolated and it does have an exclusive feel to it when you check in. The room was very comfortable and the bathroom was very pretty. The view from the room was excellent with a combination of city lights and lake (we faced south). However, there were some dissappointments. The TV was ancient and did not work well. The access to the healthclub was an awesome advantange, however, it has extremely limited hours. They close at 9pm weeknights, 6pm on saturday, and they were not open at all on Sunday. The continental breakfast was diaappointing. It basically consisted of a bunch of day old bagels and pastries kept in the refrigerator and set out in the morning. The breakfast was not well stocked and was frequently empty and without coffee. Also, I tend to notice things about hygeine. It was a little concerning that the breakfast is stocked by the housekeepers while they are cleaning the guest rooms. I didnt really see the house keepers wash their hands or use gloves before handling the food on the breakfast bar. Overall, it was a good stay. Its well worth it if you get a steeply discounted price online, but i dont think i would pay the &quot;full rate&quot;.	
Sep 25 2008 	Lovely Business Hotel	I scheduled a business trip into Chicago unknowingly during the Lollapalooza concert weekend, and was not looking forward to the crowds of kids, the noise and inflated prices that normally pair with such an event.I am so happy I found this little gem.The beauty of this hotel is that it is 40 floors above all the negative distractions I knew would hamper my sleep and distract me from my work. The rooms are large and comfortable, the views are spectacular, and the athletic club is top-notch. Yes, getting to the gym required getting on another elevator. Compared to the garbage I've been through at other hotels and considering how amazing the gym is, two elevators are really not a big deal.If you are looking for a modern hotel engulfed by crowded bars and too much hubbub, this is simply not your place.If, however, you enjoy getting your 6+ hours of sleep, want the beautiful views and like walking around the incredibly safe, historic downtown Loop/shopping district, do yourself a favor and book your stay at the Buckingham.	
Aug 4 2008 	Not too Stellar	We checked in around 11:30 pm. Bathroom toiletries were not replenished, and there was no bath mat. When we went to sleep, we took the pillows out of the closet, the cases had been used. They ran out of magnetic passes. We finally got one the morning we were to leave. This created a constant hassle because the hotel is incased in a security zone. Parking is expensive. The garage is run separately .The people at the hotel could not tell us the cost. I can tell you now, it is $32/24 hours and there are in and out fees, so if you take your car out, you will be charged more. Both times I left the garage, there was a problem. Once the card could not be read and the other, no receipt from the machine. Both times they had to hand write a receipt for me as I was on business. I'm still not sure I will get reimbursed as the receipts were written on scratch paper.Beware of the hot buffet breakfast. The complimentary pass only covers one person from the double room. And I did find all the switching of elevators inconvenient.	
Jun 27 2008 	Felt royal at the Buckingham	My husband and I really enjoyed our stay at the Buckingham Athletic Club 6/23-6/27/08. The El is directly outside (LaSalle Station on blue line or Van Buren Station on the orange/purple line), the beds comfortable, the rooms spacious and nice, the athletic club was fabulous (great hot tub, lap pool, and service), and the view is spectacular. We could see the Sears Tower and city looking left and the lake on the right from our room. We kept the curtains opened the entire time.I absolutely adored the bathtub and utilized it every evening. The tub is incredibly long, which was fantastic for a tall girl like me, and I was able to get the temperature very hot.The hotel is also within walking distance of a lot of attractions and restaurants. If you like odd little eateries, try Wow Bao for a little local flavor. Quite good, affordable, and right near hotel.	
Jun 3 2008 	Wonderful 4-day get-away	We had a wonderful stay at the Buckingham. Room was very spacious and clean, we loved the use of the Athletic Club and did not find the transfer of elevators to be a problem. Everyone at the Athletic Club was very friendly and willing to make us feel comfortable. The free continental breakfast at the hotel was just enough for us to get started in the morning before we took off for the day. The hotel is close to a train station so we were able to hop on and get just about anywhere within minutes. We would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 8 2008 	Can't recommend enough	This really was a cracking find.I travelled to Chicago on business from London and for a single girl in her twenties this place couldn't have been better. It's bang in the middle of Chicago's financial district. Don't expect the area to be rocking at the weekend ('though it will be during the week) - it's akin to The City - but the view from the rooms is utterly spectacular. I had a city lake in one direction, and a lake view in the other. It's on the 40th floor, so you feel totally safe. You're also given full access to the Athletic Club downstairs, where the service and facilities couldn't be better. The pool/spa are lovely and there's a full towel/everything service down there. They also had a Wii in the foyer while I was there, but I'm not sure that's a regular fixture! A continental breakfast is served in the lounge every morning. You can take it back to your room if you want to - I took it back to the sofa in my room where I could eat and admire the view! I had a bar area and tea/coffee facilities in my room, as well as a TV and wireless internet and a big work desk (important!). The bathroom was very big, and the loo separate... basically I had everything I needed, and if I needed anything else, the staff were very helpful.I should point out that it's not brand spanking new, but if cool, boutique hotels are more your style than generic chains, this place may well be for you. Ring them directly for the best value deal. Considering all the available facilities, it really is great value.The location is in the financial district. The blue line train is a 30 second walk from the hotel and that goes straight to O'Hare airport (40 mins and costs $2). It took 25 mins and cost $50 in a taxi. Also, I walked to Millenium Park and the Art Institute (12 mins) and up to the Magnificent Mile (30 mins) - it's a very nice city to walk around (if a little cold at times!).I agree with all the previous positive reviews on this site - though not sure about the one that moaned about the access to the health club being awkward. You access the hotel and the Athletic Club from the ground floor. One lift goes to the hotel (40th floor) and a different one to the health club on the 5th floor - It's really not difficult or awkward and I think having a full 25m pool on the 40th floor of a building might be a little implausible!!	
Jun 12 2007 	Enjoyable Stay	We stayed at the Buckingham Athletic Club Hotel the weekend of June 8-11, 2007. It was a great experience. Located on the 40th floor of One Financial Place, an office building at LaSalle and Van Buren, the hotel was clean, quiet, and a perfect backdrop to a 30th anniversary trip. Although located in the financial district, the Buckingham is serviced by both elevated and subway lines located just north and south of One Financial Place.The Sears Tower, the Harold Washington Library, and Printer's Row are just a few blocks away. Going west on Van Buren are several restaurants, bars, and eateries, although many close over the weekend. Just west on Congress is Tutto Italiano, an Italian restaurant we enjoyed located in part in an old railway car. A listing of area restaurants can seen at http://www.urbanspoon.com/ps/2/212/Chicago/Hotels/Buckingham-Athletic-Club.htmlStaff were on the whole friendly and helpful. The elevator transfer on the 39th floor was no hassle. Views were fabulous from our north side room, but try to get one of the east side rooms; the views of Lake Michigan we glimpsed through open doors were fantastic. Our only concern was that a slowly draining tub was never repaired during our visit though mentioned to the front desk. But we would gladly return for a visit to the Buckingham.	
Apr 18 2007 	Beware	We live in the Chicago suburbs, about 40 miles away, and occasionally spend a weekend in the city. This hotel was horrible from start to finish. We arrived at their address on LaSalle on a Sunday late afternoon, and found that there is nothing to indicate that there is a hotel anywhere. It's called &quot;One Financial Center.&quot; So it's a business building in the financial district and the hotel is on the 40th floor. My husband had to run into the lobby and ask if this was indeed the Buckingham Athletic Club Hotel and where to park. He was told to go around the block where there was a parking garage. We drove around and found no valet or anyone with instructions about where to park. We finally just parked in a handicap spot (I am disabled, in a great deal of pain, and walk with a cane). Had no idea how far away the hotel was so left the luggage in the car. Finally found the lobby, loaded with security people, and were directed to a bank of elevators which would take us to the 39th floor, then we would have to change elevators to get to the 40th floor. Once there, we registered, were told we had parked in the wrong place and would have to move the car. No bell hop to help with luggage. The only hotel employee was the man at the desk, from whom we eventually got word that the restaurant was not open on the weekends! He had no suggestions for us, but when I called him back from our room, he finally discovered a couple of take-out menus that might deliver. No room service. There was nothing within walking distance except a Dunkin Donuts (and for me that was a long, painful walk). The hotel brochure gave almost no information.The room was fine with a nice view of a lot of buildings...been there, seen that. No big deal. So we had cold ribs and cole slaw delivered hours later to our room to the tune of $55.00. And the room was supposed to have a CD &amp; DVD player but didn't.There are not many cabs that drive by and Mr. Frontdesk does not help in calling cabs. When our blinds were broken and would not come down, Mr. Frontdesk doesn't know how to fix them either and there are no other employees around, except the maids from 11am to 1pm. There is a Continental Breakfast consisting of bagels and Corn Flakes. Wow.To get to the famed Athletic Club &amp; pool on the 3rd floor, you have to take the elevator from the 40th floor to the 39th, take another elevator to the 1st floor, and another elevator to the 3rd floor. If you are not a member of this Club, you don't get a lock for your locker. The pool is fine, there's lots of exercise equipment and crowds of Club members. We both arranged to have a massage, which cost more than the hotel brochure said it would. We are familiar with Chicago so we walked a lot to find cabs and had a great time hearing the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, eating at Joe's Seafood and Stone Crab Restaurant, and listening to music at Pops for Champagne. It would have been a great time except for the dreadful hotel. Stay almost anywhere else. I was in pain for a week afterward. A little advance information on this hotel's deficiencies would have warned me off. This is a 3-1/2 star hotel??	
Oct 11 2006 	night lights	Oct 4 2006What a magnificant veiw of the lake. Security a added plus. Athletic Club was top of the line. Will definately stay again in the future. Already telling friends about you. Thanks alot!	
Sep 27 2006 	Best hotel view I've had	After asking for detailed directions from the CTA stop, the trip to the 40th floor went flawless. Using two elevators located 10 feet from each other is certainly not a hardship.The room was huge and clean, the bed was comfortable, the view towards the lake was magnificent.Very convenient to carry only the swipe card to get to the elevators (leaving the room key, yes an actual key, with the desk clerk.Had a nice soak in the tub, which was a good size, and had a sloped end to lean back on (with a towel for support of the head).As is the case with what I imagine is all the hotels in the Loop and Magnificent Mile, a lot of Chicago is in walking distance.I'd definitely stay here again.	
Sep 19 2006 	Gem for Independent Travellers	Took the CTA from O'hare to Buckingham Athletic Club.Went across the street directly into the secure building, we took 2 elevators to reach the Hotel. Traveling with family we booked a suite. We contacted the Buckingham Athletic Club to alert them of our late arrival and request 2 twin rollaways placed in advance. Our suite was perfect with the beds already set up, plenty of room for the 4 of us. A view of the city, river and lake. The location was central to several &quot;El&quot; lines. We did need to leave the financial district to get to the lively spots of Chicago in the evening. I loved being so near the Library, it was a excellent marker and we never got lost. I really liked the style of furnishings and the marble bathroom was great. My only complaint was the glasses in our room were never cleaned. We'd have coffee with our in-room coffee maker and beverages in the evening. After maid service the glasses still appeared dirty. I just ended up going to the continental breakfast to swipe glasses. Even some of those were yucky, ended up going with styrofoam cups. The wireless internet was unreliable. The staff were impersonal, but we didn't need pampering. The property is supposed to have a marvelous gym, we were so busy we didn't have time to try it. It was closed on Sunday and only open til 9pm through the week. We did leave a little cosmetic bag in our room and after contacting the hotel, it wasn't located. In spite of those little things, I would still heartily reccommend the Buckingham Athletic Club for the business or independent travellers.	
Jan 10 2006 	Well-kept secret	I found my stay at the Buckingham Athletic Club to be very comfortable. The room was a very good size with a massive bed and a nice bathroom. Wireless internet was free of charge and a basic buffet-type breakfast was served in the lounge every morning. Of course the best bit was the view from the enormous picture windows. I stopped shutting the curtains at night as the view of the skyscrapers lit up at night was so lovely.I was a bit concerned on arrival that being in the financial district would leave me a bit 'in the middle of nowhere', however found that it was not far to walk to find good restaurants nearby. Also, transfer to and from the airport was very easy as the hotel is situated right next door to the Blue Line on the CTA, which means you can get to and from the airport for less than $4 total, and without having to change trains.I can't say that the issue of needing to take two elevators to get to the hotel rooms was really cause for complaint. In fact I felt a lot more secure in this hotel that in many others, especially as you need a security pass just to enter the building. I did have an issue with the lack of signposts as I found myself wandering into the exclusive 5 star restaurant with my suitcase as I couldn't find my room on arrival.My only other gripe was that I could have sworn that I read somewhere that the hotel provided room service - this was in fact one of the reasons for booking a room there as I'm not that keen on eating out alone. It turned out that there is no actual room service but they will give you a list of take-out places that will deliver to the building.During my stay I bumped into somebody who was attending the same congress as me in Chicago. He said to me &quot;How did you find out about this hotel - I thought no-one knew about it except me! Promise you won't tell anyone else&quot;. It seems the Buckingham Athletic Club is a very well-kept secret and I would certainly stay here again on a future visit to the city.	
Dec 5 2005	Only for the single business traveler	This hotel is really set up for one person, staying in the financial district for work. There is only one room with 2 double beds and the rest are singles. There is no lobby area and the staff seems befuddled with hotel guests. The security guard downstairs almost prevents you from reaching your room. The room is very nice but basic. Also, the fitness center is 3 elevator rides away. I definitely would not recommend this for people traveling with families.	
Apr 4 2005	Classy Not Stuffy	I wanted to title my review &quot;Views, Snooze, and (something that rhymes and has to do with the fitness center).&quot; This is one of the best kept secrets of Chicago. Very easy to get to from 290 freeway. Maze-like journey from car to hotel desk (three different elevators), but we didn't mind, it just made it feel more exclusive. Awesome view from our room, and I don't think you could get a bad view, since they're all on the 40th floor. Very nice room--classy, but not snooty. Fitness center is fabulous--a real fitness center, not a wanna-be like in most hotels. (I particularly liked the steam room.) You can actively exercise, or lazily luxuriate. Reasonable parking rates; we left our car and walked around in the loop. We will recommend it to friends, and we would like to come back.	
Feb 18 2005	wonderful	I don't enjoy big chain hotels, so Buckingham was perfect for me. A discreet, boutique hotel that's close to one of my favorite parts of the city. Great security. Wonderful staff. Amazing views. Can't wait to get up there to see the fireworks on the lake this summer!	
Jan 16 2005	Never again.	No room service, staff also very uninformed on area dining. Terrible hassle to get to the hotel through security. Large rooms but badly in need of remodeling. Our toilet was not working and it was not fixed for hours. Overpriced. The only good thing about the hotel was the view from our room of the lake. Would not stay again.	
Sep 24 2004	Location Service and 40th Floor. What a Value!	I stayed there a couple weeks ago....wow what a great location in the loop...Large rooms, Everest a wonderful restaurant steps away...Hotel Staff makes you feel at home.	
Sep 17 2004	Great time	I stayed at The Buckingham Athletic Club for a couple days and had a great experience. The hotel rooms are very spacious and the views of the lake and the city are beautiful. The athletic facility is similar to a spa with the steam room and sauna and is a full health club. The location is good, and most of the museums and shopping are a short cab ride away. I will return.	
