Nov 14 2009 	Reconsider	I have traveled globally for Fortune 100 &amp; 500 companies and Westin's tend to be safe and predictable. The Westin - Northwest Chicago has a very elegant look and feel. However, on this occasion, we found sheets with old blood stains, which although laundered and likely clean, you would think they would do more to eradicate the unsightliness. Add to this, vacuum cleaners loud and constant from 1 to 3 a.m. and you get the sense they are oblivious people are there to sleep. The final straw was a ridiculously priced menu (with 20% service charge automatically added per person's meal aside from any tips), and a room service breakfast complete with scrambled eggs that were more liquid than solid. In short, noisy, somewhat unclean, and food that appeared unsafe for consumption...all at Westin pricing. It wouldn't have been bad if the front desk staff upon checkout inquired how your stay was, rather, they must assume all is well. I didn't bother to say anything, as the staff seemed generally uninterested. Don't look for many amenities like free wi-fi, as this is a very a la carte hotel.	
Oct 20 2009 	Designed for business travelers but nice all around	I actually stayed here for business and then stayed an extra night for leisure. The rooms are geared more towards the professional with a kind of minimalist elegance. Almost a 50s or 60s style, like you would see in the show Mad Men.It is actually located in Itasca, about a 30 minute drive into downtown, but I highly recommend taking the train into town instead of driving. It only costs like $6 for a one-way pass and on the weekends $10 gets you unlimited rides! You save so much on parking and on your hotel room by taking the train into downtown. Plus they run as late as 12:45AM, so you can still enjoy the nightlife. I actually got my shoes shined as well, and it was done well for $10 or so. The only downside is that the bar, etc close early. But you would probably be downtown anyway if you were planning on enjoying the nightlife. We happened to catch a free concert on Navy Pier; the weather was beautiful, the music free and fun; it was a good time all around!	
Oct 20 2009 	A good choice	Driving to the hotel from O'Hare airport, we thought it seemed in the middle of nowhere. However, we discovered that it is near 2 large malls and many restaurants. Also many major highways are nearby making it very easy to get to other places in the suburbs. Check-in was easy and friendly. Our room was on the top floor so we had no problem with noise from the atrium. There was good Starbucks coffee in the room. The bathroom was small, the amenities sparse (a little leaf soap never replenished which slipped thru the soap holder in the shower, no shower caps etc). The towels were small; less expensive chains have much better towels and give you more of them. Both at this Westin and the subsequent one we stayed in on Michigan Avenue skimped on towels. We always had to find the maid and ask for more. The pillows were very soft. There was a nice wide desk. The room was well designed with a place to put 2 suitcases- not always the case- in one hotel suite, we had to put one suitcaes on the table. The elevators were very slow; there were no papers on the weekends. At least we got on on our door during the week. We didn't downtown in spite of being platimim clients- even after asking. Some people have complained about there only being one restaurant but there is a breakfast bar with good bagels at a good price and there are 2 other fast food places down the corridor which had inexpensive, quick food. The Sunday buffet at Ditka's was very reasonable. All in all it was a good place to stay. One caveat- there were a number of youth sports teams staying there so you might want to avoid their floors.	
May 18 2009 	Nice property great bed free Starbucks!	My wife and I enjoyed staying at the Westin Chicago Northwest. We booked the room from Priceline for only 60.00, so we didn't know until confirmation where we were staying. Upon arrival, it was clear that hotel was a tad better than Holiday Inn, Motel 6, etc. - there was a Ferrari parked near the entrance. It would have been quiet evening for the hotel, but a high school prom was going on in the lobby. AND LOUD. Thank goodness you couldn't hear it much while inside the room with the air conditioning on. We were hoping to use the pool, but that was closed at 9... Other than that, the tv was nice in the room - 30&quot; Samsung HDTV and the bed was very nice - they call it &quot;Heavenly Bed.&quot; They have complimentary Starbucks in all of the rooms and we definitely enjoyed a decent cup of coffee for change. We would definitely book again, and check in earlier to use the pool. If you do use Priceline, search for hotels in Itasca with 4 stars at 60.00 - you will probably get the deal.	
Apr 12 2009 	If you put lipstick on a pig it is still a pig	After a flight cancellation, compliments of United Airlines (the WORST airline) we arrived to a middle--of--nowhere suburbian hotel full of Pink Cadillacs from the Mary Kay Convention participants. It didn't cost us a dime to stay; check-in was a breeze; took the CTA to &quot;downtown Chicago&quot; as there sure isn't anything to do in the area. Room was average, clean, comfy beds.....but the NOISE backing onto the highway -- all night long -- zoom, zoom, zoom. Dated furniture, torn wallpaper in spots, carpet seen better daysThinking back, I guess for free it was OK.	
Mar 18 2009 	Beautiful Rennovation!!!!	I stayed at the Westin while attending a business conference. I was absolutely amazed by the transformation of this hotel. The front desk was very flexible with my many room requests. My room was very comfortable as I have grown accustomed to with Starwood. The staff made me feel welcomed as if I was a guest in their home. Very impressed and will return next year!	
Feb 16 2009 	AWESOME hotel!	I went in March of 2009 with a mutual friend of my gf and mine to visit her (the mutual friend's) family. I booked on Hotwire, and this is the one that they gave me. I was actually trying for a different one, but BOY was I satisfied. My jaw actually dropped when I looked up in the lobby to see all of the rooms and hallways. Everything was clean and beautiful! The beds were soft, and shower had plenty of water pressure (although it did take a little time to totally warm up, but that could be because I was on the 10th floor), and the toilet seat was the most comfortable one I have ever sat on!!! :)I see the normal rate is over $120 per night, I paid $70 through hotwire, so it was an awesome deal! But even the normal rate isn't that out of line for this place. The ONLY negative is the location. it takes over 35 minutes to get to downtown Chicago. Other than that, I loved it!	
Nov 12 2008 	Priceline Guest at the Westin	I had a funeral to attend to in the area and was booked into the hotel by Priceline for $60/night. Given the price I was paying, I was satisfied with the hotel. Room was wonderful -- spacious, great TV, tasteful modern furnishings, nice robe in the closet. Two shower heads in shower. Soft towels. Internet access was pricey -- I needed it and it cost me $50 for 8 accesses. Shula's steak house is very expensive as is the breakfast menu there. I don't think the round layout with an open central core was meant for a cold climate. Outside the room, the coridors were always cold. The front desk clerks were shivering whenever I walked by. The lobby was too cold to loiter in. There are two choices for workout rooms. Top floor has cardio machines and is open 24 hours. In the basement is a full service spa with pool, racquetball, all possible machines and hours you would expect from a regular health club. Apparently they sell memberships to the locals.Noise is a huge problem. The tent ballroom sends noise up to the entire side of the building.The hotel was largely vacant during my stay except Saturday night when it was hopping, but Sunday morning there were as usual almost no cars in the parking lot. I suspect the hotel is losing some big $ and that is why they are filling rooms with us Priceline customers.The hotel is right off the Eisenhower Expressway, so it is possible to get to many places easily. Not the hotel's fault, but what is with the 55 MPH speed limit in Illinois??? Didn't anybody tell them that Nixon's speed limit died with him???I have no idea what is in the Itasca area that could justify such a pricey hotel. I would never pay the rack rate here.A Satisfied Priceline guest	
Aug 5 2008 	Clean crisp and a bit out of the city	We took a girls weekend up to Chicago for some shopping. Since we planned to spend an ample amount of time at Woodfield Mall and IKEA, we opted to stay in the &quot;burbs.&quot; Our arrival and checkin was a breeze. Our room was very crisp and clean. White comforters is appealing and relieving. Starbucks coffee and TAZO tea are both in the room. We called the front desk for 2 extra robes, and within minutes (literally) they were at our door. That evening we asked as we walked in from dinner (close to midnight) for some extra bags of decaf and they actually said &quot;stay right here!&quot; They ran off to somewhere and came back with 4 bags for us. They were above and beyond on customer service. I ran the next morning on the trail behind the hotel. It's a paved trail that loops around 4-5 manmade lakes, each one boasting a fountain and birds (geese, ducks, etc...) I was planning to run 6 miles, but after 2 loops was a bit bored (as it's only about a 2 mile loop). This hotel is literally about 2 miles from Woodfield Mall and there are SEVERAL eateries in the area as well. It's a great option for a business trip, family vacation out of the city (no parking or valet costs!!) or just a quick trip &quot;away.&quot;	
Jul 17 2008	The Noise In This Hotel is Horrible	First I want to say the hotel staff were all unfailingly polite and helpful. Couldn't ask for better. But, the design of the property leads to incredible noise echoing around the atrium into the rooms. When the bar is full with its open top the noise is over the top. Then, there is The Tent. This is literally a tent-like structure in back of the hotel, about 20 yards out. Be sure to check on weekends to see if there is going to be any kind of wedding or other event with loud music until late at night. Because if there is you won't be getting any sleep until very late at night. if your room is on that side of the building. We were on the 5th floor right over The Tent. The music was so loud that my daughter sang along with the songs and told me their names. When she was looking out about 11:00pm she put her hand on the window and told me it was vibrating from the bass and volume. When I went down and complained they gave my $25 off my rate, but that doesn't help when you need sleep. On top of that the noise level didn't go down one bit. Every night we stuffed the 1 inch opening at the bottom of the room door to muffle noise. Here are a couple of other quirks that don't help. The smoke alarms have a very bright flashing green light that lights up the room like a strobe light. The beautiful flat screen TV also has a bright orange light that flashes all night up the wall. The alarm clock beams across the room like a search light too.	
Jun 13 2008 	Not what I expected	I was there last spring for a convention. I found the Hotel stale and cold. The rooms were dated the staff not friendly and there was a large crack in the marble sink in my bathroom which caused water to run onto the floor every time I used it. After repeated calls to the front desk no help arrived. I was disapointed my rate was $200+ per night I wont be back. Not the quality I expect from Westin.	
May 31 2008 	Above Average Business Hotel	I've stayed here on two separate occasions within the last 5 months at this property that was remodeled in the Spring of 2007. Located in a business Park setting, it has easy access to highways but no retail within walking distance. There is free and ample parking. Unique to this property is A 2.5 mile paved jogging path, outdoor basketball and tennis courts (in good condition.), and a Reebok fitness room located on the top floor which had multiple pieces of equipment and panoramic windows; a really thoughtful design that's a whole lot better than staring at a wall.Common areas were well maintained and the staff courteous. I did not use the restaurants or lounge. The Standard King Room and the King Junior Suite (Platinum Upgrade) had a contemporary design, were quiet, clean, and the beds extremely comfortable. Bathrooms were a good size and well lit. Amenities included a flat panel TV, a robe, in room Starbucks coffee, internet for a fee and I think the rooms had safes. This hotel charges a $10 facility fee. Not sure what that fee is for or if it's a per day or a per stay charge; both of my stays were for one night only. This is a great business trip hotel. You could bring the family along but they may get bored after the first night- ttz	
Mar 8 2008 	Spacious rooms good restaurant	I stay here for business - there isn't much else of interest in the area as it is some way out of downtown Chicago. Though they do run a shuttle to Itasca station. There is also a major shopping mall nearby. It is always quite busy as it seems popular for local business conventions. The hotel has been remodelled (it was the Wyndham) and is clean, bright, modern and spacious from both the atrium to the rooms.The staff are friendly and service is attentive in both the bar and the in-hotel Shula's Steak Restaurant.If you like meat - this is a good place to stay. Room service is from Shula's too - so is excellent.One tip - the City cabs at O'Hare don't know where Itasca is and charge a supplement. Ask the hotel for details of local cab companies - I use All-Star.	
Jan 12 2008 	Business trip	I spent 4 nights here on business. Check-in was quick and friendly (as was check-out) .The room was quite large. It had an adquate work area with internet access. The king bed and bedding were very comfortable. A side chair was actually comfortable enough to spend some relaxation time reading the paper. The shower had a dual shower head, which seemed to me to be more of a gimmick than a &quot;must have&quot; fixture. Everything was clean, although room service seemed to have overlooked my room one day (they came when notified that evening). My week was spent in the conference rooms, and meal service was provided by the hotel. If room service is equivalent, most of the food is acceptable: not delicious but no major complaints, either. The service was quite good, with an attentive staff.  There is a very nice gym on the top floor, with a good variety of new cardio and strength equipment. The pool appeared to be clean and well-kept, though I didn't spend time in the water. There are plenty of services available, with a variety of businesses located in the walkway that connects the property to the adjoining office building. They include things that aren't necessarily there for the hotel guests, such as a dentist and investment advisor, but there are some that could be handy: a copy center, hair stylist, flower shop, Japanese restaurant to name a few. Shula's Steakhouse is located in the property. Based on my experience, if you're in the area for business, I'd recommend this as a good spot to stay for a while.	
Nov 10 2007 	Fiasco - Conference Coordinator	I've held two conferences at this hotel this year. The last one was planned for over a month. Within minutes of signing the contract and confirming that the block of rooms were being held, the rooms were reserved by other guests. No one in our conference could get a reservation! Everyone had to stay at the Hilton Forest Lakes (a very nice hotel alternative) and get transported between hotels. The Westinthreatened to charge us the full cancellation fee if we moved the conference to another facility.Despite their apologies and written agreement, the Westin shuttle was unavailable most of the time and completely forgot to pick us up on the last day. We ended up taking taxi's at our own expense. While the rooms are nice, I will never use them for a meeting again.	
Oct 30 2007	Great hotel ... huge rooms	We had our wedding at the Westin on October 14 and have nothing but positive comments about this hotel.Everything went smoothly and the staff (from the banquet people to the front desk) were courteous, polite and accommodating every step of the way.The rooms are modern and spacious, the beds are comfortable, and the property is very clean. The hotel changed hands from a Wyndham about six months ago and it's evident that it's a huge improvement. I highly recommend this hotel for a wedding, business trip or weekend getaway.	
Aug 22 2007 	So Comfortable! Ahhhhhhh!!	I walked into the lobby and was instantly impressed. The check in on a Fri. evening took 2 min. Then right up the glassed elevators to my room on the 12th floor. The room is so relaxing! Nice big cushy bed, lots of pillows. Pretty asian art on the walls. Streamlined flat screen TV. Very modern decor. Also had internet and MP3 connections. View was of the interstate, but what was cool was right down the road is :O'Hare. So I stood at the window and ironed my clothes watching planes landing one after the other. Really entertaining...........I thought anyway.The bathrooms are smallish, but very clean. A small dressing area is right near the bathroom. Lots of mirrors. If you leave your room looking bad it's your fault!! Back in the lobby you have a gift shop, Shula's, coffee shop, lounge, and public areas. All very calming. The whole hotel takes on this serene atmosphere. Ventured over to the Reebok Workout Room. Clean and modern. With a killer view of the city and lovely grounds of the Westin. Also well equiped with TV, stereo, ect;This hotel is excellent for business or pleasure. The whole Westin experience will leave you very happy!	
Aug 14 2007 	Very nice hotel	Stayed here on a weekend (Fri-Sun) prepaid rate. I had prepaid for a Thurs-Sun stay (buy 3 nights get third free) and so when I was delayed by a day, did not expect any discount. Asked for an upgraded room when I arrived, and was given an enormous and very comfortable suite! Very clean, everything worked except for the in-room safe. The traffic situation to Chicago during the weekend is not too bad. I made the trip in about 40 min. Although the atrium is loud (because of the design, just a few people talking in the lobby at normal voices sets off a cacophonous echoing), I did not hear anything from the bedroom of my suite and slept extremely well. I don't think this property has any doormen - never saw or needed any. But the front desk people were very helpful and friendly.	
Jul 20 2007 	Awfully nice	Overall a terrific place to stay. The &quot;Heavenly Bed&quot; is truly heavenly. The rooms are immaculate, very modern, and have all the conveniences you would expect from a top-of-the-line hotel. I had a terrific view of the distant Chicago skyline from my window. The hotel is on a several acre man-made lake with a nice foot path that made me wish I had packed my rollerblades. Service was very good, food exceptional, and prices fair. It's close to O'Hare, but a cab to downtown was over $50. The hotel has a shuttle that drops you off at the Itasca train station. Riding the Metra to Union Station is a better deal at $3.90 (one way) and is nearly as fast.On the con side, guests are assessed an extra fee to use the attached athletic club's workout facility (treadmill/bike/rowing machine, weights, raquetball, basketball). Fortunately, the pool, hot tub and the attached locker room facilities including sauna and steam room are included without additional charge.	
Jun 29 2007 	Good hotel with large rooms but can it really be called a Westin?	Summary: Huge lobby with an open atrium (similar to Embassy Suites). Rooms are good sized and nicely furnished but does not have the luxurious feel of a Westin. Decent but not great value given its remote suburb location.Pros: Lobby is huge with an open atrium and features restaurants and bars. Rooms are large and nicely furnished with flat screen LCD TV. There is even a separately table across the closet for luggage. Westin and Sheraton always have nice beds. You can also break Starbucks coffee in your own room. The pool is good size though not large. The workout room has lots of equipment in an area the size of a basketball court (but not on the 12th floor as noted in a previous review and has no view). There is also an actual basketball court. The hotel seems is basically very large and should be good for business conferences.Cons: While the furnishings are nice, they are not luxurious. The colors are very standard grey, black and white monotone. The Itasca location is around 20-30 minutes from the O'Hare airport. If you take a taxi, it is considered a suburb of Chicago so your fare will be 1.5 times the actual metered rate. Going into Chicago by car is not recommended due to traffic. Even though it's very close to a highway intersection, there is nothing around the hotel in terms of dining and shopping within the immediate area. Service attitude was a bit cool, and there is no bell service, at least for us. We moved all of our luggage, including boxes, by ourselves.Conclusion: I suppose I expect a bit more from the Westin in terms of quality. The facilities are great, particularly for business conferences. I see no reason to stay there if you are a tourist since it's too far away to be convenient. Price paid: $169 + tax for weekday	
Jun 5 2007 	Amazzzzzzzzing	Great hotel, and staff. This is a must see in the burbs. Hotel very modern, and the best staff in Chicago. Great deal, and outstanding value. Priced right!!!!!!!The lobby bar was an exciting place to meet with a extensive wine list, available by the glass.Associates are all very excited about what they do. Close to O'hare and Wood field. Heavenly bed and shower a must for every home. I can not wait to return.	
May 3 2007 	"Heavenly"	I had the pleasure of staying at this property for the Illinois Assoc. for College Admission Counseling May 2-4, 2007. I had read earlier reviews that were unfavorable, but after hearing that the hotel was taken over by Westin and refurbished, I was excited.I was not disappointed and the hotel exceeded my expectations... exceeded them so much that I will most likely choose this hotel when I am on business again in this area and leaving the hotel I usually have stayed at over the last 9 years!The rooms are spacious. The provided bathrobe was a nice luxourious touch and I appreciated the in-room Starbucks coffee. The tile/marble bath with double-headed shower was a nice respite at the end of my busy conference days and I found myself going to bed early just so I could get more time in the bed - the bed mattress and linens was like sleeping in a cloud. I wish I could take it home with me. The LCD tv was great too and the honor bar, while expensive - had a good variety and was well stocked. The work area with internet access (must pay for it) was spacious as well and the chair was comfortable. Room servince food was a bit pricey but the portions were extremely large and quality was wonderful. Maid service/cleanliness - imacculate! Hotel staff was great at front desk and with a couple of request/needs I had.The workout room was great - good exquipment and great views of the area (on 12th floor). Pool was a bit small but nice.If you are planning a conference, a weekend in the Woodfield area or just need to spend a few nights on business - this is a great place. After busy working days, it's so nice to come &quot;home&quot; to a hotel room that is relaxing. I will definitely be back!	
Apr 28 2007 	great for business	I was a little hesitant to book this hotel after reading the reviews, but decided to go for it anyways. It turns out the hotel was renovated and reopened only about 3 months ago, making it very clean and comfortable. The room was spacious, well appointed, and the Heavenly Bed and Bath were relaxing and wonderful as always. I liked the separate vanity area near the bathroom, as well as the LCD TV and Aeron-like desk chair. The shuttle service was very accommodating, driving/picking me up from Schaumburg multiple times. It was great for business, and it seems convenient for the nearby Woodfield Mall as well. Now that I'm home, I miss the Heavenly Bed!	
Mar 2 2007 	Now this is LUXURY!	When went to the Westin Chicago NW for a Fly Fishing Expo, February 17, 2007. It was pretty. Relaxing stuff all over ( candles water, etc.) and i just thought to myself... yah right!We requested a quiet room since we live in an Industrial Park, it is nice to have peace and quiet once in awhile. We got to the 11th Floor Room and I heard the air rushing around the Atruim. I was concerned but all the rooms open into the central courtyard, they would all have this noise. The room was gorgeous! It was SPA -like with a peaceful green color and expresso colored modern furniture. Back to yah, right! They even had a flat scren TV on the wall! Heavenly Beds was on the card in the room, Yah, right. WOW! we slept like puppies curled up in that unbelievably comfortable bed! That room was so relaxing it felt like being a week on vacation and it was only one night! Request the front of the building and over look the highways merging. It was like watching a fireplace it was so mesmerizing.	
Oct 18 2006 	Avoid this one like the plague!!!	I had the misfortune of having to stay here 4 nights for a business convention. My biggest complaint was the rooms. They are old, carpets are stained, bathroom fixtures are pathetic, as well as the furnishings. I switched rooms three times to try and land in a decent one. It was absolutely the biggest waste of money I have experienced in a long time. I was made aware upon departure that the hotel is going through some remodeling and will be a Westin in a few months. The Wyndham should be celebrating to get their name off this property. The food was less than spectacular as well. Honestly, I can't think of a good thing to say about this property. Just please take my advice and DO NOT STAY here - at least until it becomes the Westin.	
Oct 18 2006 	Very poor service at this hotel beautiful lobby tired 	I booked this hotel for 6 nights for a vacation. If I hadn't prepaid, I would have left after the first night. There was major construction going on in the hotel, which they didn't tell us about when booking. The construction started at between 6-7:00 a.m. each day and lasted all day with pounding, sawing, etc. going constantly. Not a pleasant way to wake up or spend your day.The last night we received a letter stating our water would be turned off due to construction at 8:30 the next morning &amp; may need access to our room for construction. Check out time is 12:00, so this did not make me happy at all. Upon checking with the front desk I was told they couldn't do anything about it, couldn't move us to another room, and would not credit our bill, even though we would basically have to get up and shower &amp; check out early. That's fine for business, but not what I wanted to do on my vacation. The best they could do was give us free breakfast in the morning, which was nice, but not adequate compensation in my opinion for the noise and inconvenience for 6 nights.On one hand it is good they are remodeling the hotel. The rooms I've seen needed it badly. There was grout falling off the tub, the carpet was stained, the decor very dated, and the mattresses and bedding were horrible. The mattress was bad enough that we went to a local store after the first night and bought a mattress pad to put on top of it, even though that meant we had to cart the pad home after our vacation.This hotel will probably be very nice once the remodeling was done, but my advice is to avoid this place like the plague for the near future, unless you like sleeping in a work zone.	
Mar 27 2006 	Not Bad Overall	I reserved a King room, but was assigned two small double beds (why is this SO common?). Upon calling the desk, I was told, unapologetically, that they were overbooked by 11 rooms (my problem?). Bedding is of the old &quot;bedspread&quot; variety, not the up-to-date duvet style. The carpet in my room had what appeared to be bleach spots all over it - very unappealing. The atrium design may look impressive, but when there's a boisterous group at the bar until 1:00am (as there was while I was there), the noise reverberates throughout, making it difficult to fall asleep. Bring earplugs. The immediate area is primarily office buildings. No services or restaurants within walking distance. Short drive to many restaurants, though. The gym in the building charges $8 to work out, and it closes far too early (9:00pm). The hotel does not have its own exercise room. Room service food was impressive - best I've had in a long time.	
Dec 6 2005	Love the bartenders	I stayed at the Wyndham this past Friday and sat nightthe hotel was very nice, the rooms were very clean and the bed was great, The only problem I had was with the restaurant (Shulas) like one of the other reviews, the bar (no name lounge) on Friday the bartender a girl, it must of been her first night working because she did not know how to make any drinks that I wanted and when I wanted to dine in there she gave me a dirty look. I ended up down at the Atruim bar and grill(under the big tent) that was great, the people (bartenders) Rich and Dennis made our weekend, they both told the best storys and had us laughing the whole time we were there. We will go back just to see them if our travels get us to the Chicagoland area.	
Nov 14 2005	Good hotel	Although a little old, the furnishings and room service was great. Staff was very friendly and bed was comfortable. I traveled here for business, as well as a lot of the other guests, but there was no free highspeed internet. Otherwise, not a bad hotel at all.	
Mar 19 2005	Elegant But Don't Depend on Staff or Shuttle	Stayed at the Wyndham the weekend of March 12, 2005. Very pretty hotel, nice room, but relative with bad back preferred the pillow-top bed at nearby Marriott in Schaumburg in Spring 2004. Three challenges: (1) Brides beware: many relatives were VERY distressed Saturday night at nearby wedding reception on learning that the promised Wyndham shuttle wasn't coming back. The shuttle had been a deal-maker for the bride's family! Unbelievably, management at the reception said Wyndham had disappointed reception guests at other events in recent past by shutting down shuttle prior to contracted-for pick-up times. (2) Wyndham rented out the lobby one evening and took out all the sofas and chairs -- oddly leaving no room to sit and visit with friends in the lobby. (3) Staff at desk and at Sunday brunch were super! But many other hotel staff need training on attitude improvement &amp; attention to guests, since they range from cool to outright uncaring. (Example A) When making calls to verify previously made reservations, various staff treat it like a joke when they have difficulty accessing records and keeping names straight. (Example B) Staffer at coffee bar Sunday morning (not free) was too involved with own tasks to pay attention for several minutes to customer. Had to be asked for coffee, then for napkin, spoon, sugar -- and acted put out, to boot. (Example C) Almost all bell-hops were courteous &amp; pleasant, except for young man at bell-hop desk on Sunday afternoon who loudly bragged to a colleague &quot;I ain't working like a pig.&quot;	
Mar 2 2005	Nice hotel watch out for extras!	This is a nice Wyndham in a suburb of Chicago (not to be confused with the Wyndham Chicago in downtown, which is a beautiful hotel). Check-in was nice. I paid only $37 through Priceline, so it was a great deal. By Request perks are not available with Priceline though.The room is large, nicely appointed, but not luxurious. Beds were nice, they pay a lot of attention to the linens they use, so the beds look nice as well. There's a good-sized work desk with a fancy Aeron chair and a sitting area with a couch. The bathroom was standard.High-speed internet (wireless or wired) is $10 per calendar day, NOT per 24 hour period. This is annoying because if you check in at 6pm and pay $10 to use high speed internet, your connection will expire at midnight, and then you'll have to pay another $10 to continue using it. However, if you wait until 8pm, they'll give you that 4 hour period as a courtesy, and your $10 will give you until midnight the following night. Internet is free with By Request.Also, there is a $8 fee to use the exercise facility because it's a privately owned gym. It's a decent gym with racquetball courts, weight machines, cardio machines. It is about 10 miles from the airport and probably 30 minutes from downtown, but if you have business in the area, it's a nice pick, especially if you get a good rate on Priceline.	
Nov 9 2004	good value with web rate	I spent the last weekend (nov 5-7) at the Wyndham attending a conference. I checked the web rate ($80/night) which was cheaper than my special conference rate and included one free breakfast. The hotel is not really near the airport or the city, but set in an office park on a lake with a fountain. The setting is very nice. As suggested by another reviewer, I used the My Chauffeur service and it was excellent (call the hotel directly and ask for My chauffeur.)My room was comfortable and large with all the necessary ammenities. I would disagree about the bed however. I am a chiropractor and found the bed to be unsupportive. Yes it looks nice, but too pillowy soft.I don't think dining was a problem as others have said. However, the room service menu says &quot;all day dining&quot; but only from 5 pm on (how is that all day?)All in all a pleasant stay at a great price.	
Mar 1 2004	Wonderful Wyndham Weekend	I spend about 75 nights per year in a hotel and have stayed in hotels in 38 states and Canada.I was the Keynote Speaker for the PSO conference this past weekend and was booked into this hotel.The room was wonderful! I was booked into a corner room on the 12th floor which met my stipulations: QUIET, clean and comfortable....not to mention the wonderful bed!!!! The view was a treat! The entire staff at the hotel were very kind...especially the bellman named Steve who did his best to accomodate my requests!The only negative comment was my meal at the in house restaurant named Shulars (?). There are 2 choices for dining in the hotel: a sandwich casual cafe and Shulars, which is one of the top 10 steak houses and the hostess wore the attitude all over herself. I came in on Friday night, after speaking in Louisville and flying to O'Hare. I was tired and hungry. It was next to impossible to get her to seat me. Apparently I did not fit a certain mold, even though I was dressed professionally and clean.I was persistent and finally a host came in to find me a table. There were at least a dozen empty tables but she told me&quot; we are short of wait staff and it will be a 20-40 minute wait&quot;. I did finally eat there and my bill was $60. A disappointment at best. My servers were kind and thorough but my initial experience really foreshadowed the meal.Also, take the &quot;my chauffeur&quot; from the airport...it is $18 for shared ride in a clean comfortable limo and very well worth it. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!!!!	
Nov 9 2003	Most Comfortable Bed Ever	I have stayed here two or three times for conferences and also because my wife's family lives just a few miles away.I must say that this hotel is one of our favorites! It has probably the most confortable beds of any hotel we have ever visited before. The rooms are very spacious and tastfully decorated in soft colors. Comforters are unbelievably warm and inviting.Hotel staff can be a bit rude at times, but at other times very helpful. Breakfast buffet is over-priced and definitely not worth it.I agree with the lady on here who said that the banquet lunch was excellent.	
May 9 2003	Babquet dinner	I was at the Windham Hotel 400 Park Blvd Itasca, Il on 5/08/03 for a Banquet dinner for Elmhurst Hospital. I want the hotel , chef and the staff to know that the meal that was seved was the best I have ever had at a banquet. Everyone seated at my table said the same thing. The service was excellent. Please let the chef and the staff know they did an excellent job......Marilyn	
