Oct 1 2009 	Great location but old (and shows it)	Obviously, Chicago hotels have a lot of turnover due to conventions and general tourism. However, this shouldn't stop hotels from updating their buildings. While my wife and I have stayed at the Inn at Lincoln Park several times over the past few years, our last visit will probably be the last.Despite the great location (less than a mile from the water, $10 cab ride to downtown, bars and stores--including Starbucks--nearby), the owners have let the place go. While it hasn't been &quot;new&quot; by any stretch since we've started staying here on yearly visits to the city, the &quot;old world charm&quot; (as another reviewer mentioned) is something of the past. Instead of old world, it's simply old. Our room (granted, only $100 for the city (and parking is extra), but we paid less for a MUCH better and newer room in the burbs) had peeling wallpaper, cracked walls and ceilings, obvious poorly-done patch jobs, and water stains. The bed was horrible as well.That being said, the bathroom was immaculate--which is nice. Additionally, the front desk staff was pleasant to deal with.If you're looking for a place to spend an hour a day in, then this could be your hotel. I would give it a try if you can get a room for $100. Otherwise, try to check other area hotels. I know we will.	
Sep 14 2009 	If you're looking for comfort and some modern conveniences THIS IS NOT IT!	If you like a hotel that you spend almost $200 to be comfortable DO NOT STAY HERE! Just stayed for one night Sept. 11. Most of the hotels in town were booked and we thought for $200 and discovering a new neighborhood for us in Lincoln par would be fun. I have never dreaded going back to a hotel to sleep for the night. Yes it's old, but apparently that also means dumpy. Postage stamp for an elevator, narrow dark hallways, and dark old rooms with an old TV and an outdated bathroom that really needs some bleach! Our room was a smoking (tried to save $10) and boy did it stink! Our air conditioner didn't actually cool very well, and made a funny noise ALL night. The only thing I felt was clean were the sheets and I was still thinking about the possibility of bed bugs. The staff were not friendly, saw them give attitude to another guest who did not want to stay once he actually saw the rooms. Next time, stay at the Club Quarters in the loop for the same price.	
Apr 14 2009 	Great Deal	Old charm at a good price. Not a cookie cutter hotel. Pleasant walk to Brown Line. We were able to park the car free in their lot during the week with no problem. Only had to pay Sat night in the lot across the street for $15. Breakfast had many choices for a complimentary meal. We did have a room looking at a brick wall but that was more than OK. No noise. Our last stay in Chicago had many nights interupted by traffic because, well, who doesn't need a McDonalds at 2am?	
Jan 28 2009 	We keep returning	This older hotel is not for you if cookie cutter predictable rooms are what you need to feel comfortable. For an extra $15/night you can have 24 hour in and out parking--provided there is a space in their enclosed lot. Otherwise you park just for overnight in a garage somewhere down the block. Breakfast (cold cereals, yogurt, pastries, microwaveable cooked eggs, sausages, bacon) is included in the price. We generally come here in January for a conference at Northwestern, and the radiator heat is sometimes inadequate. If you are feeling cold, call the desk and they can bring a portable electric radiator. Nice big old tub, cable TV, plenty of restaurants in walking distance. A good deal for a reasonable price.	
Jan 15 2009	room ok bathtub cloged	the room was nice,big and clean but the shower had a drian issue the water backed up in the tub not good i recomend they get that fixed	
Dec 7 2008 	Room OK. Staff terrible	We wanted to get away for the night so we rented their King Suite with Whirlpool. First the good, the room was large and clean. The whirlpool tub was large and there was never a problem with hot water. All in all this room was great. The bad, the staff was horrible. It was like we were interrupting their day by making them do their job and check us in. The Assistant Manager was even at the front desk, and did not even acknowledge us standing there, no hello or anything. After the check in (you would have thought it was torture to the front desk agent) we were on our way. I had to check out early in the morning so the night desk agent was still on. I went to the desk where he was counting the cash drawer. He knew I was standing there, I was the only person around, after he finished counting the quarters he wrote down how much was there and then started counting the dimes. I am standing in front of the man for a few minutes he wont even look at me so I just leave. The only good staff members of this hotel are the housekeepers. They go out of their way to say hi and make sure that you have everything you need. The front desk and the management of this hotel need the housekeeping staff to train them on customer service in the hospitality industry.	
Nov 25 2008 	Great Stay	Hotel room was large and clean with a wonderful old time atmosphere. Perfect location. One review mentioned &quot;Don't expect a hot shower in the morning.&quot; We had no troubles with the shower getting very hot. Front desk girls were very nice - fresh fruit, cookies, coffee and tea available in the lobby 24/7. Full breakfast - waffles, french toast, yogurt, sausage patties, egg patties, bacon, hard boiled eggs, cereal, donuts, pastries, bagels, muffins, with a variety of beverages and condiments. Several of the items were presented cold and needed to be warmed in the microwave - this was not an issue. Check out Matisse' just down the street (between the brown line stop and the hotel) - great food and cozy atmosphere. Would definitely stay here again. Price was $147 per night. Higher than we wanted to pay, but the best deal for the money and a good deal for the location.	
Nov 18 2008 	Old Hotel Charm	What a charming old hotel. While the king sized bed filled up most of the room, my wife and I loved the old style beauty, including the porcelain pedestal sink. The location allowed us to to travel on foot to Wrigley Field and the Lincoln Park zoo. We definitely plan to return again next year.	
Nov 10 2008 	Charming clean and in an unbeatable location!	I have to admit, I wasn't expecting much due to all of the negative reviews, but not only was I pleasantly surprised, I fell in love with the Inn! For all of you who are hesitant due to previous reviews and their lack of a fancy website, don't be put off and reserve yor room now. The Inn isn't your cookie-cutter Hilton, but a charming Parisian-like jewel in a trendy/fun neighborhood. It has the feel of a European hotel with a very friendly staff, a nice complimentary breakfast each morning, complimentary cookies &amp; coffee in the lobby 24-hours a day, and antique light fixtures throughout. We got the last room at the Inn and when I was making my reservation she warned me that the room was small, so I anticipated tiny, but it was just fine. There was a large closet for our bags and everything was clean, which is important. Some reviews said &quot;old and dirty&quot; well it may be older but nowhere did I see dirty, and I am a clean fanatic. Some folks just mistake old for dirty, and I guess in that case old homes and old brownstones and old furniture are all dirty. If you don't like charming and prefer cold and bland then stay elsewhere, but if you want to feel comfort &amp; quaintness, and be in an amazing location that's just a short walk to Wrigley Field, then this is the place to be!	
Nov 8 2008 	LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!	I was a little hesitant to book a room here after reading the reviews, but decided that the location would make up for any problems. A year ago I stayed downtown and was very unimpressed with one of the five stars.The reception I received was very nice. The staff at the desk were very helpful and answered all of my many questions pleasantly. They even did some investigation for me when I asked about a specific church (where my parents were married 68 years ago). My blind father and I were given a rather nice room, and the bathroom was HUGE! We had a small coffee maker and a refrigerator. The room was clean. The decor is definitely old, but charming. The beds were comfortable and clean. I was very pleased not to have feathers in the room (allergy which I made note of on my reservation). We had many channels on the TV to choose from. We did not need to use the window air conditioner.Breakfast was FREE . . . and, considering, not bad. It is a self-serve style buffet. If you want eggs, bacon, waffles, etc., they were available, but you had to microwave them yourself. Bagels, muffins, donuts, cereal, coffee, tea, juices, etc. were all there for you. The breakfast room was very pleasant and clean. The attending staff were pleasant. I accidentally dropped a whole cup of juice . . . they rushed over to clean up my spill and just would not hear of it when I tried to clean it up myself.Fresh fruit was available in the lobby 24 hours/day, along with coffee and tea. Cookies were available in the afternoon.Internet access was available . . . free connection in the lobby, a free computer also available. I don't understand why internet access in the rooms incurred a charge.All staff were aware that my dad was blind, and they were very kind and helpful when he was navigating the hotel alone.Parking was right outside the lobby door, and a back-up garage was available if the parking lot was full. I did not need to use the garage. Sadly, this hotel is scheduled for demolition in three or four years and will probably be replaced with something outrageously expensive. Overall, this hotel was just what we needed. Not fancy, but nice people, clean surroundings, safe, and in an excellent location.	
Oct 27 2008 	Charming!!	A little apprehensive, since the reviews were so mixed, but we loved this place! The location was unbeatable. TONS of bars, restaurants, pizza, shopping - within two blocks. (Try the awesome little grocery store just up the street - I forget the name, but go right on Diversey - less than a block away - they had EVERYTHING you could ask for as far as liquor, food, groceries, etc.) Bus stop was just 2 to 3 blocks, and takes you downtown in 10 minutes for $2. The hotel, itself, was just charming. Yes, it's old, and we reserved the economy room, so weren't expecting much. VERY pleasantly surprised. Room was a nice size, with a small dressing area alcove with big mirrored door closet. Bed was fine, TV, fine. Yes, carpet is worn - but really, who cares? Loved the bathroom - it was very old-fashioned with high ceiling, tile, deep tub, pedestle sink. We had a coffee maker, which we didn't use, because there was coffee 24 hours in the lobby, which was excellent. Would've been nice to have a fridge, but no big deal. Room was very clean, very quiet, and the ambiance of old fashioned hotel was very cool to us. Girls in the lobby were mega-helpful - told us fun bars to go to, how to get everywhere, and kept our luggage for us after check-out so we could run downtown before going to the airport. The breakfast was more than a typical continental - bagels, croissants, donuts, toast, cereals, eggs, sausage, bacon, coffee, juice. Yeah - it wasn't restaurant quality, but is was good and HELLO - FREE!! If you really like staying at a Radisson or a Hilton, you probably won't like this place - but I loved it - it had character without sacrificing anything. Did I mention that the price was $109? Try and beat it. I'd stay here again with NO hesitation.	
Oct 21 2008 	Great little hotel in the heart of Lakeview/Lincoln Park area	This is an older hotel, but we thought it was great. The staff was always cordial and greeted us each time we returned. We had a nonsmoking room with 2 double beds (room 420), and we had 2 full bathrooms - unheard of in any hotel I've stayed in. The bathrooms were small, but having two is a luxury when traveling with a teen. We did not have a car, this hotel was a short walk from the Diversey Station El, from Midway. The continental breakfast was great (eggs, bagels, muffins, donuts, yogurt, fruit, hot and cold cereal, sausage and bacon). They had a nice lobby and a secure door that always required a key to access the hallway leading to the rooms. We chose this hotel because our daughter lives within 2 blocks. It is in a wonderful area surrounded by restaurants, shops and residential areas. I was pleasantly surprised and I would definitely stay there again.	
Sep 29 2008 	Don't expect a hot shower in the morning	My fiance and I recently stayed at this hotel and our experience was less than satisfactory. Our room (including $15 for parking) came to $200US for a Saturday night, which I deemed reasonable for this location in Chicago. The hotel is walking distance to shopping and restaurants, the lakefront, El and not too far from Wrigley Field or the downtown loop. We chose the hotel based on location and availability. When we got to our room it had an awful, stale smell to it and the carpet had a worn, gummy feel to it. The room was far from spacious and the decor is quite dated.  The problems arose when my fiance tried to shower in the morning. There wasn't any hot water at 9:30 am so i called down to the front desk. They sent maintenance to check for any cause but none was found. We were told to let the water run for a couple of minutes, which we did. My fiance attempted to shower anyway and did actually get some lukewarm water for a couple of seconds before the water pressure reduced to a dribble. My second call to the front desk garnered an offer for a shower in another room on the same floor which we declined. My fiance used the cold water in the bathroom sink to wash. I tested the water in the shower several times while she readied herself and never did warm water run.  I spoke with the on duty manager in person about the situation and our displeasure. I stated that when we choose a hotel we are expecting to receive similar ammenities that we enjoy in our own home and that includes a warm shower. She said that she could understand our situation and assured us that we would receive a partial refund on checkout. When the time arrived, we were offered a $15 refund on the parking fee-not by the on duty manager that I had spoken to earlier but another member of the front desk staff. I then proceeded to explain the situation calmly to her and my wishes to speak with the on duty manager. She called the manager and relayed her message to me that the parking fee would be the only gesture we would receive for our inconvenience. I feel the price this hotel charges for its rooms can only be justified in times of desperation. The manager that I dealt with represented this establishment poorly and I would not recommend The Inn at Lincoln Park to anyone with expectations greater than a second rate hostel.	
Aug 25 2008 	OK	We stayed one night because it was near our daughter who has an apt. in Lincoln Park. The hotel is old, not in a charming way, just a sort of worn out way. The carpet, curtains, bedspread, furniture etc. are kind of worn and dated. Our room was small and very tight for the two of us, there was only around 15 inches between the end of the bed and the bureau the TV was perched on, so we had to walk sideways in that spot. The bed was small and lumpy. However, the room was clean and the bathroom was fairly large. The staff was friendly and they had a continental breakfast included. I probably wouldn't stay here again and would only recommend it if you have a reason for wanting to be in that area. It wasn't bad but there are better choices in that price range. Try the Essex Inn on Michigan Ave.	
Jul 24 2008 	Great Place!	I went to Chicago on an extended weekend and stayed at the Inn. I loved it! The lobby has such a warm feel to it and it's walking distance to several shops, restaurants, the El, ect. The room size was extremely accomodating with two beds, and sepeate area for the desk and clothes, and a bathroom with a full size tub and decorated in a way that reminded me of the 20's-30's. It felt more like an apt than a hotel room. The staff were amazing and helped me with soooo much while in the city. They had parking available at a cheaper rate than paying for a garage which is extremely convenient in Chicago. We'll be back there again...and soon!	
Jul 14 2008 	It's okay	Came here for a Cubs weekend w/ the guys. A bit frightened from past reviews, but I think when it comes down to it, there are good rooms and bad rooms in this place. Our three rooms were all good ones.No, you are not at the Grand Hyatt nor Four Seasons...but you're not paying those premiums, either.In simplest terms: you want to be in a great location, inexpensively, and not going to be in your hotel much, this is a great option (and its not a 'CSI Crime Scene', nor other horror stories that are being painted, although I'll admit some of the inconveniences--like lack of water pressure--did occur). If you want luxury, head down to the Magnificent Mile	
Apr 23 2008 	Clean pleasant cheap great location	This place was great! It was charming and spotlessly clean and the women at the front desk were awesome, going out of their way to give us directions and recommendations of sights to see. If you like the sterility of a chain hotel, this is not the place for you. But if you enjoy the charm of an old building, check it out. We were in Room 112, which had two small bathrooms and two double beds. TV worked fine and had cable. The bathrooms are tiny and the shower was tricky, alternating from very hot to very cold. But it was worth it to be in the heart of Lincoln Park. Easy walk to Wrigley Field. The continental breakfast was excellent with cereal, yogurt, bagels, donuts, juice and coffee. Plus there were carnations on the table, which was a nice touch. We'd definitely stay there again.	
Apr 22 2008 	Terrible!! DO NOT STAY HERE!	So we stayed 2 nights with this hotel-- we got greeted with the front desk informing us that we were going to be required to switch rooms on our second day cause they overbooked or something. The room was to a 1920's style, with a bathroom the size of a closet (couldn't even open the door because it ran into the toilet). The shower only sprayed out a few drops of water and fluctated between going hot and cold. The second night we had to switch to a double bed (which was hard as a rock) room that was the size of a closet-- it had NO air conditioning and had to argue with the staff up front to get a fan to put in the window so we didn't sufficate. Our bathroom window didn't even have a screen in it, so the option of opening that for air was out of the question. The second bathroom was better but only got about 2 drops of water out of that shower.Don't be fooled by the pictures on the website or the lobby when you walk in-- the lobby is fully remodeled and gorgeous but wait until you get back to the room section Basically, bad service, crappy rooms, and WAY OVERPRICED! There is a nice Day's Inn only 1/2 block away-- go there instead-- you will enjoy your stay much better!	
Oct 25 2007	Like a CSI crime scene!	What annoys me most about this hotel is that when you walk into reception - you have no idea how bad the actual bedrooms are going to be! Damp, mouldy walls, the most stained mattress you've ever seen and electrical sockets that simply didn't look safe. And then there was the toilet.... flushing was like a russian roulette game that we didn't always win...To top it all - it wasn't even that cheap! DO NOT BOTHER!	
Sep 18 2007 	Not Good...	The main problem was that the rooms are dirty and the staff aren't very helpful. We switched rooms upon check-in since the room we originally got was extremely small and run down. The next room was much larger but not exactly clean and comfortable. We encountered a cockroach in the bathroom and bugs in the tub.Beware of the complimentary cookies in the looby. There were about 100 fruit flies enjoying them.The weekend we were there, staff needed to let us into the rooms. We never did get a good explanation as to why we were not given keys.The air conditioner (window unit) did not work properly nor did the TV.At $159/night we expected much better. If there were any rooms available in another hotel close by we would have checked out within the hour, but we couldn't find anything.I'd stay away.	
Sep 4 2007	Nice Clean Place	My husband &amp; I stayed 2 nights in July 2007. We had a very nice room, the size was plenty for 2 people. The bathroom was spacious also. Everything was clean. It has an older atmospheric look, but well kept. The continential breakfast was very nice. Location is excellent with plenty of restaurants, shopping and things to do. We would definately go back again.	
Aug 21 2007 	$115 for a broom closet	Booked full got a twin bed in a room the size of a janitor's closet. The bathroom was so small I had to leave the door open just to use the toilet. TV was a choice of 2 channels. The desk personnel were the rudest people I've ever met. A refund was refused as was a room change. They'll NEVER see me again!	
Aug 6 2007 	Ehhhhhhh. Stay somewhere else.	We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights on a guys weekend to catch a few baseball games. So needless to say we picked a cheap hotel for our trip. And this was a cheap hotel. And as soon as you walked in the door you saw it was cheap. I know Chicago is expensive for hotels but this was a dumpy looking place.I cant really say there was anything horribly wrong with it but I felt like I was in a very sub prime hotel that hasn't had anything fixed since the 70's. I do not think it was been updated in 30 years so everything is very old. Not old in the good way but old in the way of nothing runs easy.Rooms:We were in room 220 which had 2 bathrooms. That was helpful with a room full of guys. The room was longer and narrow so there wasn't a lot of room at the end of the beds to walk. They has window AC units and ours sucked. It ran full tilt the whole time and it was barely enough.Bathrooms:It was strange. The doors hit the toilets so you can guess how much room was in there. The showers were worse. I could never get consistent pressure from day to day so one day it was a nice stream then the next a drip. Oh and it would totally lose all hot water some times. Plus the knobs were so old it was a production to get the shower on.TV:It was circa 1980. It did have digital cable with a box but it was old and small.Breakfast:Free with donuts, cereal, yogurt, apples and a few other things. This was the skimpiest continental breakfast I have every had at a hotel in the US. It wasn't stale or anything just very few choices. Front desk:Not overly helpful. They did give us the wrong directions once.Overall:They try to make it look nice by saying its a 1920's building well it was easy to tell that when I got there and looked around for 2 minutes. Everything is worn in this place. Even the couches in the lobby are in bad shape. Like worse then college apartment shape.The area is great with a lot of eat and get places. Its 9 blocks for the train stop and on the Diversy bus line.This hopefully will be my last time at this hotel. There is a Days Inn half a block up and I think it had the same rates. I'd stay there next time.Oh I forgot there were bare wires in our room. They were telephone wires but they were still bare and sticking out of the wall.	
Jul 20 2007 	Good Hotel	We had a very nice stay at the Inn at Lincoln Park in July. My mother, 1 year old daughter and I were in town for a few days while I was looking for an apartment. I used to live in Chicago so I know the area and understand what a deal we got for $125 a night! When we arrived a few hours earlier than the check-in time the friendly staff said no problem and let us check in. We found a spot to park in the attached lot which isn't difficult during the day but near impossible after 5pm. When a parking spot isn't available in the lot you then need to park in a garage about 1 block away (not bad). The parking is $12 whether you're in the lot or garage. When unloading our stuff we were given a luggage cart which was invaluable with all the crap you need to bring for a 1 year old child! When we opened the door to our room we were pleasently surprised with a large room, a seperate area containing a desk and a fridge. The bathroom was clean, linen fresh, bed comfortable and TV worked great. The air conditioner took a while to cool the room down (once we turned it on) but it was a steamy 90 degrees outside. The continental breakfast (served from 6:30am-10:30am) was fantastic. It contained cereal, muffins, bagels w/ cream cheese, fantastic doughnuts, yogurt, fruit and best of all, fresh coffee.As if that wasn't enough there was a Panera directly accross the street and a Starbucks next door.We took about a 15 minute walk to the lake and had access to public transportation to go anywhere in Chicago.Above all it's a clean (slightly outdated), friendly, and well priced place to stay when exploring Chicago.	
Jul 19 2007 	Neighborhood Is Great Hotel Is Fair	As an former Chicagoan who lived rather near this hotel (which, btw, is technically in the Lake View neighborhood, not Lincoln Park), we stayed over for one night while taking our high-school daughter on a campus visit to the University of Chicago. Once in our room, my husband reminded me we'd actually stayed in the same room some 10-12 years ago -- and I don't believe the management has changed a single thing in all that time.Other reviewers have complained about this hotel's distinct &quot;old building&quot; feel, while still other reviewers have praised it for that very reason. We are a family that very much appreciates the quirky charm of old buildings, and are happy to make allowances accordingly -- but that's not the same as saying we appreciate *unkempt* old buildings.We stayed in Room 417, a nonsmoking room that looked out over the small parking lot off Diversey Pkwy. (Alas, we were neither lucky nor early enough to score a space there, and instead had to put our car in the nearby Century Shopping Mall garage at the hotel's $12 overnight rate -- a good price, I grant you.) This room is indeed quirky: It features two double beds in a smallish space, flanked on both sides by two full (if quite compact) private bathrooms and closets. Personally, I was grateful no one had ever come around in the 1970s to swap out the lovely 1930s-era bath fixtures or tiles. Of course, &quot;new-construction-loving&quot; folks might very well wish for just the opposite.What we didn't particularly care for staying in this hotel was the overall sense that our room wasn't quite completely clean. Oh, the beds were made up nicely enough (even if the bedspreads were dingy-old), and the bathrooms actually appeared quite clean indeed.But the room itself had grimy windows. The window sills were a bit too dusty. The carpeting was a bit too much on the worn side. We had two windows, and only one had a pull-down blackout shade; the other required us to draw curtains that weren't especially opaque, and which let the evening streetlights and morning sun in more than we'd like. Also, the air conditioning is a window unit that is o-l-d, huffs out stale-smelling air, and doesn't cool all that well. I wondered more than once just how moldy the A/C filter might be...Overall, this is a hotel that's OK -- and only that -- for the time being, but it won't be for much longer unless the management takes the necessary steps to freshen up and clean up.Finally, we paid $179 (plus the reasonable parking fee) for a family of three, which included a continental breakfast that was sustaining enough, if spartan. That would have been a bargain in a hotel more toward the Mag Mile, but I didn't find the price especially great for a northside neighborhood hotel of declining standards. There is a possibility, however, that we perhaps paid a bit more than the normal rack rate, since the Cubs were not only playing in town that night but were also -- sit down, please -- on a winning streak of sorts....	
Jul 14 2007	What a Deal!	Considering the absurd prices most Chicago hotels are demanding these days, this was a deal. Yes, a walk down the corridors did confirm the observation that the walls are indeed thin. Yes, you could hear everything going on inside each room. Luckily, I scored room 402 that, while on the street, was separated from the remaining rooms by a fire door. And yes, the beds are a bit tired and the rooms a bit out-of-date, but they were clean. Neighborhood entertaining and the area felt safe. Direct buses to the Loop three blocks East. Got best rate by calling the hotel directly. In all, a great value for Chicago.	
Jul 9 2007 	Better than sleeping in the car...	We paid over $100 a night for a 10x10 box with a really uncomfortable bed. The air conditioner worked well though, and we also got a decent continental breakfast with the standard cereals and muffins. I probably wouldn't stay here for more than one night, but it served its purpose. I definitely wouldn't stay here if I was trying to relax or anything - it was more of a place to keep our stuff while we were exploring the city. It was definitely convenient and close to everything - althought the nearest &quot;el&quot; station was under construction the day we were there, so we had to walk a few extra blocks. My boyfriend and I stayed here for one night when driving through Chicago. We did not have reservations ahead of time so we took our chances in finding a hotel on the spot. I liked the Lincoln Park area and this was the first place that had a room available, so I think we got what we expected.	
Jul 2 2007 	Good place to stay	We stayed here in June, '07 for three nights.We booked a kingsize room and had plenty of space in the room. The room was clean and neat, the bed was in good condition, airconditioning worked, but the bathroom could've been a bit cleaner. The TV didn't really work, but who needs that when they are staying in Chicago! There was plenty of food for breakfast and great coffee. Staff is friendly and very helpfull. Never had a problem.The area where the hotel in is good and feels safe. There isn't a lot of noise at night. Lake Michigan isn't too far of a walk, neither is the metrostation on Diversy. There are plenty of cafes, restaurants and shops in the direct area. The hotel is one of the better ones I've stayed in with the same rating. I would stay here again, especially since it's affordable compared to other hotels in Chicago.	
Nov 15 2006 	Can't beat the price but...	On the positive side, this hotel is incredibly cheap for being in a very trendy neighborhood. The Brown line CRT train to downtown is within walking distance, and the staff is friendly and attentive.However, be prepared for the hotel that time forgot--clanking radiator pipes, furniture that appears to be rec-room castaways, and not the best upkeep (cracked plaster and peeling wallpaper). Also, rooms are tiny, even by Chicago standards. Nonetheless, I would stay here again. On a business trip for which I needed only a place to sleep, it was a great value.	
Aug 3 2006 	Great Location Not Much Else	I stayed at this hotel during the week of July 17th, 2006. I am giving the hotel a 2 star rating based on the following:Plusses:Great location -- Easy to get public transportation and walk to the park -- restaurants are everywhere and if you want to go to Boystown that's also within walking distanceFriendly Staff -- they treated me very wellNegatives:Pretty much everything elseThe bed was probably 30 years old and I could feel the springs bumping against my spine -- OUCH!Outdated everything -- from the TV to the furniture to the bathroom to tacky bedspread - YUCK!Airconditioning didn't work too good either...Some reviews said it was noisy but I didn't find that to be the case.Overall, I didn't pay a lot for the room so I didn't expect much. It lives up to low expectations.	
May 31 2006	This place is really bad	The size of the room was fine and the location in Chicago great- most everything is in walking distance. Here were the major problems:Bed horribly uncomfortable and undoubtedly decades old.The air conditioner barely kept the room at a tolerable temperature, even on high, and I slept fully unclothed on top of the sheets so as not to sweat to death.The street noise was so loud- even after purchasing a pair of earplugs on night #2, I was awakened constantly by sirens, horns and the likes.No outlet in the bathroom. Only available outlet was at floor level by the bed, and nowhere near a mirror. So I used a blowdryer and straightening iron crouched on the floor with no mirror to refer to. Outlets so old they didn't grip the cord. I finally had to duct tape my dryer cord into the outlet so it would function.Lack of water pressure in the shower is beyond an understatement. Water came out of exactly TWO of the sixty holes in the shower head. I couldn't get the shampoo out of my hair! I complained that I had a broken shower head to the front desk but they assured me that every shower in the hotel was the same way. Greaaat. So I had to spend 40 minutes waiting for the tub to fill with water at a trickle, and I proceeded to take a hot bath on 98 degree days in Chicago. This really sucked.To add to a horrible night's sleep, there are none of those wonderful hotel &quot;blackout&quot; drapes that every other inn on the planet has, so sunlight is beaming into your room at 6:20 a.m. Don't stay here unless you can function happily on, oh, about 3 to 4 hours sleep per night, and don't feel the need for a rejuvenating shower at the end of a 100 degree Chicago day. I visit Chicago frequently and will never, EVER stay at this dump again, especially at $159 per night.	
May 6 2006	Warning! Your reservation is not guaranteed! Not worth the risk!	DO NOT BOOK OR STAY HERE!I booked a room five weeks ago, but they just cancelled my reservation with little notice so that I am unable to find anything similar in the neighbourhood. They offered me a room at a motel 20 MILES AWAY by the airport. These people SUCK!	
May 3 2006	Not equipped to serve everyone	To begin with, do not confuse this with The Days Inn at Lincoln Park in Chicago. This confusion is probably why I had such a bad experinece. I have stayed at the Days Inn there and been quite happy. We paid $200 apiece for a 2double rooms. So for three evenings the bill was close to $2000 with tax. There was no bell service. My companion had just finished a long bout with cancer and was unable to carry her own bags and I arrived later. No one available until I got there. We are two middle -aged women.The heat in both rooms (the other was my brother and his wife) was unbearable for days and when we finally were able to speak to someone after 2 day (language was sometimes a difficulty) we we told that it was because both rooms were located above or below the boiler rooms. (It was obvious that they had known this was a problem, before . There was a Cubs game that weekend. The solution in the freezing weather (after 2 days) was to put in air conditioners in both rooms. We became more comfortable after that but for 2 evenings my traveling companion got very little sleep and the same was true with the other room's occupants. I eventually took something to do so. The other room was occupied by my brother and his wife , who were told free internet was offered. It was not free. I told the desk attendant that one could go next door to Starbucks and do it for free and he replied that this was the only Starbucks in the country where this could be done. I felt as if I were a tourist in a country where they believed we had no idea how things run. I would never have written this if they had offered any discount whatsoever but we paid full price and i have stayed in many hotels in Chicago. We paid more than others were paying because we spoke to them. We chose the hotel for it's location near where we needed to be and know that in Chicago , it is well located. Terrible disapppointment.	
Apr 3 2006	Great value funky charm	Very clean, spacious, great location, great service, great value. Too bad so many don't &quot;get&quot; the charm of an older hotel. I'd much rather stay here than some generic place. It's an old building with lots of great details. The room was spacious, not fancy but with character. Great original tiling and glass brick in the bathroom. High ceilings, old transom over the door, old fashioned radiators, AC in window. Everything was very clean.The Inn is only a few blocks from the Brown Line to downtown. The neighborhood is very busy and safe, lots of shops and people walking around even late at night.The complimentary Continental breakfast is very generous. The front desk service is excellent and extremely accomodating. When we asked for a hair dryer, an iron, more shampoo, an extra towel... each time it arrived within 3 minutes. (But we never asked for something in the middle of the night, as I'm sure the bachelorette party below did.)To those who object to having an &quot;old&quot; TV or carpet... this matters how? Reception was good and the carpet was clean - but Hello, you should always wear slippers in a hotel! And to those who complained about cracked plaster... again, so what? Yes, if it were built in 2000 with wallboard it wouldn't be cracked. Perhaps you'd be happier at a Motel 6 with wallboard but no character.	
Nov 14 2005	Very dissapointing	We spent Sat. November 12th at this place called a hotel. It was the worst experience we have ever had. We reserved a 2 double bed room and it should have only had 1 bed in it it was so small. The paint was peeling off the wall and plaster was falling off the ceiling. The tiles in the bathroom were cracked, which is a breeding ground for mold and germs. You could not open the door all the way, because it would hit the stool. Then you had to slam the door to close it. There was no room to put anything anywhere by the sink. The mattress sank in the middle and was very uncomfortable. The carpet was dirty. You know, when you pay a cheap price, you expect a place like this, but believe me, it was not cheap. I don't know where they got the pictures for the web site, because they are nowhere close to that. I DO NOT recommend this hotel to anyone. We will NEVER stay there again, and will tell everyone how bad it is.	
Oct 28 2005	Um I vote no	I live in Chicago and stayed here for a bachelorette party. It has a fantastic location because it is by so many restaurants, bars, etc. One major problem is that when the reservation was made, we requested a cot. It wasn't in the room so we called down to the front desk and the said that it wasn't noted on the reservation and that we couldn't have one. At that time we asked if we could get some extra pillows and blankets and we were told that if we wanted those that we'd have to come down and get our own. If I'm paying well over $250 for a hotel room for one night I better be getting that kind of thing brought to me.	
Oct 11 2005	DISGUSTING!!!!!	Do Not Stay Here!!! Our room was unsanitary and the front desk staff did not care - even the woman who identified herself as the front desk manager. This is not worth it to you no matter what the cost.	
Sep 6 2005	Room and location fine	My husband and I stayed here since we had an event at Wrigley Field (1 mile walk). The non smoking room on the first floor was satisfactory. It's in an old building in a neighborhood but the room was very clean and larger than what I had been reading about. We faced the road but were there in a weekend so perhaps that's why we didn't have noise issues. Front desk was helpful. (Most were bilingual in Polish.) Safe area for walking around. Parking lot fits about 14 cars. $12 nightly fee imposed - whether you park there or the backup location on Clark Street at the mall. Plenty of food choices in neighborhood. Great spot if you're heading to Wrigley or want out of the traffic flow downtown. Continental breakfast served. Lobby has coffee, cookies, and apples 24 hours. Good value.	
Jul 18 2005	yuck	I knew I was in trouble when I called for driving directions and the front desk had no idea what to tell me. I asked for an Exit number from the main highway, and he repeatedly said he didn't know it and didn't think anyone else there did either. The room was small, with chipped cheap furniture and a cable TV with poor reception. I slept with a light on and one-eye open because it was just that filthy. I have seen cleaner park benches with more ammenities...	
Jul 7 2005	Good Value	I spent 3 nights in this hotel and here are my impressions:POSITIVES-Good bargain for the location-Excellent neighbood surrounding, with lots of restaurants, shops, pubs, etc.-Good desk service and cleanliness-Secure and safeNEGATIVES-I reserved the standard room, and it was TINY. Bedroom and bathroom were very cramped. OK for one person, but that's about it.-A/C, TV, and lighting are very old. The TV in particular did not work very well-Because it's an old building, it has that musty, old-building smell, mostly in the corridors and stairwellsBasically, this is a very adequate hotel if youre looking to mostly be out and about (which I was). The location and price are very good. And, despite the age of the place, it is very well-kept, clean, and safe. If you are not travelling alone, do yourself a favor and reserve a larger room. Otherwise, you and your companion will be uncomfortable.	
Jul 6 2005	Very Dissapointed	The Inn At Lincoln Park, Chicago,IL I was a walk in and had no problem with the price, but when the clerk said there parking lot was full and I could park in a lot a block away, that would have been o.k. until I was informed it would cost me twelve dollars. The hotel and the room was clean and looked very nice.. The bed on the other hand was TERRIBLE, every time we moved there was such a loud screeching squeaking noise from the bed springs. Didn't get much sleep. There was no shampoo in the room only two bottles of hair conditioner.	
Jun 30 2005	Just like home service.	I attended the Rotary International 100th anniversary convention in Chicago. Since most of the hotels were out of reach for my social security pocketbook, I booked a package through Orbitz and received a reservation at the Inn at Lincoln Park. I was pleasantly surprised since the Inn had only a 2-star rating. My room was quite adequate, although the air conditioning unit might not do too well on the hotter days in Chicago, and the bathroom was certainly larger than expected. The continental breakfast included with the room was plentiful, fresh and served in a delightful &quot;cafe&quot; which just happened to be right across from my room. The residential area all around the hotel is charming and you can find anything you need to buy or eat. However, the major asset this place has is its staff. Every single person was courteous and helpful, responding immediately to every question and request. Morgan was outstanding! He by himself is worth a visit to the Inn.An ironing board and iron as well as a hair dryer appeared almost instantaneously and every question was answered. The steakhouse he recommended was outstanding and I even walked back to the hotel at 11 pm at night with no trepidation.If you are looking for an economical, charming place to stay--this is it.	
May 4 2005	Always enjoy this hotel	This is a nice out of the way place, not many rooms and each room is different, some very small, some with jacuzzi tubs, or claw tubs etc., very old hotel., nothing fancy., its in a residentual area with a grocery store next door and Yak-Zees restaurant pub across the street, starbucks, a drug store etc......... walking distance to lake Michigan and a few miles walk to down town !	
May 4 2005	Great Place to stay on the Northside!	A group of friends and I decided to randomly visit Chicago one weekend - we reserved a two double-bed room. The room was perfect in size for four people the bathroom was a great size - overall the space was just fine. The location is perfect - being originally from the area it's a perfect retreat that is close to the Lincoln Park/Lakeview spots. The staff was friendly, the housekeeping staff was very accomodating - overall very plesant! The breakfast in the morning was perfect for hungover gentlemen! Great place to stay if you need a room on the northside of town - will visit again in the future!	
Oct 26 2004	Clean and convenient	I just returned from Chicago, and I spent 3 nights in this hotel. Other reviewers have commented on the size of the rooms, and they're right. The rooms are small, and there's not much shelf space in the bathroom. However, I found the place to be clean and comfortable, and very convenient to shopping, the park, theaters, and restaurants. I didn't spend much time in the hotel -- just needed a place to sleep -- but I felt very safe there, and the street noise wasn't all that bad. I was on the first floor, so I don't know about the elevator, but everything in my room was in good repair and the housekeeping staff was very friendly and accommodating. The desk staff wasn't as friendly, but I didn't have any real problems with them. The continental breakfast was pretty good, and there's free coffee and tea in the lobby all day. My only complaint was that they kept the place too warm! I had to run the air conditioner on high the whole time. All in all, it was a good deal for the price, which was about $22/night LESS than the Day's Inn across the street.	
Sep 30 2004	The Worst!	In 40 years of traveling around the world, this is the worst place ever. Do not stay here. Terrible disrepair -- stained carpet, cracked tile, 10 years overdue for paint, broken lamp, leaking shower faucets, broken bathroom shelf. 25-yr-old TV. Linens are not changed daily. Had to sit sideways on toilet due to cramped bathroom. No iron or ironing board available. Indifferent desk clerk. Phones did not work. Hallway reeks from tobacco smoke. Room preposterously small. Need I say more? Cancel your trip to Chicago if this is only place that has rooms available.	
Sep 8 2004	Not as expected	I was disappointed with the hotel because the room was very small. I felt cramped. The bathroom is so small that you must close the door to use the facilities, and there is no where to place bathroom items.The reason that I chose the hotel is that it's in an area with park, etc. close by. But as it turned out he most annoying part was the noise from the street. I visited in August and with the window air conditioner installed, I could not close the window, so listened to the traffic, and city noise until about 2am.	
Jun 3 2004	Beware.	Have stayed here three times in the lat year when the less expensive Days Inn lincoln park was booked. First stay was okay. Last two where horrible. The elevator is not well maintained and the rooms are worse. Burnt out lightbulbs, ancient bedframes, and a lamp cord that shocked me are enough to keep me away. If you're looking for a little old school Chicago flavor, stay here. If you're looking for comfort, walk across the street. I must say though, I recently saw a remodeling permit in the window, so perhaps things will improve. The only really good thing about the property is it's easy in and out parking lot. But it's 10 bucks too and you're not guaranteed a spot. Days Inn Lincoln has valets for $20 and the room in cheaper so stay there. That is, unless you're really into hotels that remind you of those in the 40's. 	
Jun 3 2004	Clean 	My husband and I stayed here during Memorial Day Weekend, and found the hotel to be quite pleasant. This hotel was great for the price and location. It's almost on the corner where Diversey, N. Clark, and Broadway meet. Just up the street from the El Train, and bus stops are a hop, skip, and a jump away. The hotel staff was very nice and always helpful. Also, their continental breakfast was pretty good. They served coffee, juice, donuts, bagels (my husband really liked the bagel slicer), cereal, and milk. Best of all, they have their own parking lot with a reasonable $10/day fee, but get their early in the day 'cause they go fast. This fee was a lot better than paying $20/day at one of the garages. The rooms are small and could use a little more lighting. But who wants to stay in their room all day when you have Chicago to see? Also, watch out for that step in front of the bathroom.	
Aug 29 2002	Comfortable and clean hotel in the near north.	I have stayed at this hotel at least twice an year for the last 8 years, last in June 2002. Located in an old converted building the rooms are quaint and. although some of the fixtures are antique, the Hotel is kept very clean by the excellent mostly Polish staff. The rooms vary greatly in size (and correspondingly in price) - the cheapest room, normally in the $ 75-85/day range is very small, but the price is extremely competitive for the area. The Confort Inn has a small parking area in the hotel - a rarity; and you can always unload your car off the street. There are parking charges for the small parking lot in the hotel and for a commercial lot nearby with which they have an agreement. Free continemtal breakfast in the morning is excellent in clean sorroundings. The location is good - a reasonable taxi ride from downtown and within walking distance of the lake, good restaurants and shops. The hotel clientele is generally high level.	
