Nov 5 2009 	What a beautiful little Hotel	This is a very charming Hotel, beautiful designed rooms, great shower... our stay was just great!	
Oct 21 2009 	Love this place - wished we could have stayed for longer.	I spent a romantic night here with my husband, and we thoroughly enjoyed everything about our stay. We loved the room, it was cozy and the interiors are lovely and not over-designed. The bed was incredible, and the bedding was outstanding- we slept so soundly. If you like the idea of finding a very comfortable room, and being left alone to enjoy it, this is your place. If you demand an immediate check-in, room service, a stocked mini-fridge, and a tv, this is not your place. The location and the neighborhood are awesome- tons of unique, locally-owned restaurants and shops that you won't find downtown. We also stayed in a &quot;boutique&quot; hotel downtown that wasn't nearly as comfortable or as charming, everything was &quot;for sale&quot;, and it cost more than our stay at the Ruby Room. My husband and I agreed that we want to stay here every time that we come to Chicago.	
Oct 8 2009 	A Perfect Night in Chicago	I found this hotel after a last-minute Google Maps revelation. I was in the first few days of a road trip and my boyfriend and I would be passing through Chicago for a night. I'd booked a room at the South Loop Hotel in Chicago, but after checking out the location it didn't look like it would be nearly as fun as staying somewhere else. I found the Ruby Room and, although the prices weren't as good as I'd hoped, I went to their website to get more information. I was surprised to find that their direct rates were at least $50/night lower than those advertised on hotels.com, so I booked directly through them on their website and was so glad I did.We arrived and parked in the loading zone in front of the spa. Kelly at the front desk was extremely nice and helpful from the minute we walked in, and worked with us to schedule an energy healing session with Ryan later that afternoon. We got our keys and parking information and hauled our stuff up the long, steep stairs to our room - with the help of another employee, who carried some of our bags up the stairs and showed us around before leaving us to relax. We took a nap, got some coffee and pastries from the great bakery right across the street, and then went to the spa to meet with Ryan. We both had wonderful experiences with him and were left feeling relaxed and ready to take on the rest of the city for the night. Kelly again helped us with detailed directions to the places we wanted to go and gave us some great restaurant and bar suggestions. After dinner and a movie, we walked the blocks surrounding the hotel for an hour and enjoyed the neighborhood.In the morning, we reluctantly got out of our VERY comfortable bed and enjoyed the marble steam shower in our suite before heading across the street to Milk &amp; Honey for one of the best breakfasts we've ever had. We hated to leave the hotel and wished we were staying for another week! When we got home, we had a very nice postcard from the staff thanking us for staying with them - they even made a personal note based on what we'd told them about our plans for the rest of the trip. The Ruby Room was one of the highlights of our trip and I'd stay there again (OR MOVE IN!) in a second and advise anyone else to do the same.	
Oct 2 2009 	Great location good price.	This was the ideal location for us. Free on street parking. Free WiFi. One block from the Blue Line. Great restaurants nearby. Easy access to freeway. Close to our son's apartment who we came to visit. Good value at $100 per night.	
Aug 17 2009 	Great Experience at Ruby Room	My wife joined me on a business trip to Chicago last week. We were looking for somewhere outside of the Loop, and found the Ruby Room as it had a great price and great location in Wicker Park. We were blown away at how nice and relaxing the room was, loved the &quot;steam room&quot; feature of the showers, and really dug the area. There are hip, young bars and restaurants nearby. Late check-in was super easy, and the staff was helpful when I needed to fax a document. This place is classic Chicago. With this place, you trade full-service for a great location and cool room. Who needs a bell boy? I would and will definitely go back!!	
Aug 5 2009 	beautiful room great location restful place	I really liked staying here. My room (4B) was large, clean, and nicely decorated with a simple, meditative, clean feel. It had high ceilings, wood floors, great mouldings, super comfortable bed and sheets, candles, and a nice modern bathroom with a sauna-like option in the shower that was very relaxing, There was no TV and no phone, which is rare and a I really appreciate this decision -- it helps to break away from the stress, to focus on reading, writing, thinking, meditating (there is free wireless internet). I came on a warm summer night, and there were 4 or 5 interesting restaurants with packed outdoor seating within 2 blocks. There is a frozen kefir store right below -- delicious -- like frozen yogurt. There is a kitchen you can share on the 3rd floor, which is an unusual feature and nice if your staying for a few days. Basically, it was like staying at a friend's beautiful apartment in a great neighborhood. Publication transportation was great; a cab to North Michigan Avenue was $10 and 10 minutes, and I was able to flag one immediately in the morning.	
Apr 27 2009 	good value	I could not find a hotel room downtown and my secretary booked me at ruby. It's a different kind of place and I kinda digg it. Hip neighborhood, very well appointed rooms and a relaxing garden in the rear of the property with a waterfall. My hair was a little shaggy so I booked a haircut in their salon and liked it so much I got a facial too. I really like this place.	
Oct 27 2007 	a peaceful spa room	My friend and I spent a 2 night spa getaway at the Ruby Room and enjoyed it very much. The deluxe king rooms were spacious and immaculate. The steam showers were fabulous and beds very comfy. No telephones in the rooms is not an issue in todays world of cell phones and no tvs was actually a nice respite. The CD player had a &quot;spa&quot; tape to enhance relaxation. No elevators and steep stairs could be a problem to some (we thought it was charming and contributed to the unique quality of the building) and on arrival our bags were carried for us. Our goal was a spa experience, so we did Yoga and had facials and had our auras read (pretty goofy...) The neighborhood has some wonderful restaurants and great shops nearby with an easy walk. Our goal was a relaxing weekend in a spa environment, but the Ruby Room is also great for business and sports travelers to Chicago. Next time we come up for a play or concert or to shop, the Ruby Room will be the place !	
Sep 27 2007 	The Good and the Bad	Overall, my stay was pleasant, but there are some misrepresentations about their rooms on their website. Here's the good: the room looked pretty much exactly like the pictures. It was clean, comfortable, pretty, and the bed was very comfortable. Plus, there's a little community kitchen area so I could prepare some of my own food. Here's some of their spin, and the reality:The deluxe room is billed as having &quot;loads of sunlight.&quot; Actually, the room has two north facing windows that look out at about 8 feet of space and then the wall of the other building. Even if you keep your curtains open (which is unlikely, considering that the windows face the windows of a business directly across), there's only the faintest sunlight. The garden room theoretically &quot;overlooks the healing garden.&quot; Actually, it overlooks the back stairs to the building, which guests use to come and go at night. Also, the healing garden is actually a large patio with some plants around the edges. It's certainly nice, but I don't think it quite qualifies as a &quot;garden.&quot; It does have a little waterfall, however.Lastly, their website clearly states this but I'll say it too: Definitely be prepared to haul your luggage up the stairs.	
Sep 6 2007	Bed was incredible	My partner and I stayed at Ruby Room during a leisure trip to Chicago. It's a beautiful place and we were treated like kings. Our bed was really incredible. It was the best nights sleep I've had in months. The Wicker Park neighborhood was quaint and we avoided paying the $40/night parking fee we usually pay staying downtown. We will be back.	
Sep 5 2007 	This place is no gem	We booked a 'Deluxe Room' at the Ruby Room for a long weekend. We were extremely disappointed by our experience there. Things that would probably bother other travelers did not bother us: the stairs, no telephones/tv's, no room service, small bathroom, and checking in at the spa (yes, it's a bit awkward given the tight space amongst all the products but the staff is friendly and check-in is quick).Room decor is Target &amp; Ikea meets Shabby Chic &amp; Yoga Ashram. Basically, it's a bizarre mix of cheap furniture and decor. There were other strange things about the room that made it seem half furnished: no nightstand on one side of the bed, no headboard, no cover on the duvet, etc. The bed linens are not 500 thread count as advertised (Note to owners: your customers have eyes and can read tags &amp; many of us shop at Target too). There were fresh flowers in the room when we arrived but they were half dead...but a nice thought had it been executed properly.Pros:-Comfortable bed despite not having a headboard-Aveda products in the bathroom-Convenient to 'El' and bus-Convenient to restaurantsCons:-Completely OVERPRICED!-Dirty (inch of dust underneath the bed w/ dust bunnies everywhere, coverlet was stained and no comforter cover)-No WiFi as advertised. Direct internet connection was extremely slow.-Paper thin walls (not so relaxing when you can hear everything around you)Again, we were fully aware that this was not your typical hotel and we were ok with that. But for the price that we paid ($185 per night before taxes), we certainly expected a lot more and at the very least to get what was advertised. Save your money and stay somewhere else.	
Jul 18 2007 	Love the neighborhood but the place is overpriced	I booked a room at the ruby room for a long weekend for my boyfriend's birthday. After looking at the pictures on their website (and this one), it looked like all the rooms had a nice bed, a sitting area, and a nice modern bathroom. I certainly was prepared to forego the television and phone for some nice reading moments in the pictured lounge chair. What I did not realize, is that the regular room, priced at about $170/night before taxes, does not have the sitting area, and is a small, stark bedroom with merely a bed (a comfortable one), a bedside table, and a lamp. It was small by any city's standards. Needless to say, I thought it was way overpriced for what we received.The housekeeper was very nice, as were the people at the front who checked us in, but you check in at the &quot;spa,&quot; and have to lug your luggage into a boutique while you are waiting to be escorted to the rear of the building. It felt uncomfortable having all that luggage among people who were leisurely browsing the rows of beauty products. The best thing I have to say is that the neighborhood is great. There were plenty of restaurants, bars and places to shop, and the L is a short walk away. I would stay here again, but only if the price were dropped significantly.	
Jun 19 2007 	Not a Ruby	I have to admit - I kept wishing I had a pair of Ruby slippers to take me to a different hotel if I clicked them twice. I actually shouldn't call this a hotel -- and nor do they - as it is more a part of the Ruby Room Spa that is down the stairs a building over. For the price we paid - around $200 on Expedia - the room was very disappointing. The only positive was the bathroom and that it was clean. The SPA checked us in and they weren't the friendliest of bunch - as I actually thought our arriving was more of a disturbance than a pleasure to meet/greet us. I did not like the fact that I had to climb 4 floors - which was actually many more flights of winding stairs with my luggage - not convenient and very scary actually coming down with the luggage as you land right in the street/pavement (the door seemed to be open a lot) if you were ever to take an unfortuante spill. The room - has a bed, a mirror, a nightstand with an alarm clock, another nightstand with a lamp and that is it. We didn't have the extra sitting space etc. -although according to our reservation on Expedia we were supposed to have more deluxe accomodations, although after seeing the room - I couldn't imagine how so. The bathroom was the only unexpected delight. The shower is VERY nice and everything is is completely up-to-date. The AVEDA products are a nice touch. PLEASE NOTE - if you are looking for a TV - there is NONE - at least there wasn't in May 2007.Overall - I would stay somwhere else if you are looking for service. If you are looking for a place to crash and don't care about a TV, warm service from the staff, an elevator, room service - this could be OK if your destination is Bucktown/Wicker Park area - if not, it's about a $15 cab ride into Rush/Division area of Chicago - more $$ if you go further in.Also, if you do end up staying here - check out Milk &amp; Honey - it's a great cafe open for breakfast and lunch just down the street - also the bar on the corner Mac's is also a great haunt.Overall - proceed with caution here.	
May 29 2007	Snooty and overpriced	I booked a room for the night of Memorial Day for one of the garden suites. The room was switched at the last minute for maintenence reasons, but did not find out until after I arrived and climbed four flights of stairs with luggage in a tight stairway. The hotel was officially closed for the holiday, but was told I was &quot;lucky&quot; to find someone at the spa to help. The room was switched to an extremely loud room on the main street where you could hear ambulances screaming by to the hospital emergency room a several blocks away. No apologies, just a snotty, unfriendly attitude was given for this inconvenience. The room was bland and not cozy at all. Fortunately, we did not accept the last minute switch and rebooked at the W. Much friendlier, cozier accomodations for $25 dollars more than the Ruby Room. So worth it in my opinion.	
Oct 28 2009 	In posizione strategica per le visite a Chicago		
