Oct 12 2009 	A great hotel to stay at for Navy Graduation	The hotel is very clean and well maintained. The staff was helpful. The kids enjoyed the indoor pool and we enjoyed being able to stay in a hotel where you did not have to wear shoes in the rooms. This hotel is convienent to get to from the highway and was about 20 minutes away for the RTC Graduation at Great Lakes. If you are attending the RTC Graduation do not try to park on base for the graduation. Go one block past the main gate and park at the Metra parking lot. It will cost you $2.00 and you will have to walk a block but it will save you much grief.	
Jun 8 2009 	Awesome hotel wonderful experience	Myself and a small group of friends (6 of us all together) stayed here for 2 nights during our trip to Six Flags Great America for Fright Fest 2008. The hotel was very clean and comfortable. The staff was very helpful as well. They were full of suggestions on places to eat and offered shuttle service as well. The rooms were HUGE!! Our rooms had king sized beds, mini fridge, couch, chairs, and a desk. Very spacious and relaxing. The Bathrooms were also in great condition and plenty of room to move around in. This La Quinta had an indoor pool/whirlpool with no cut off time, which was perfect for our group. We were allowed to take alcholic beverages into the pool area which we enjoyed. They also offered a mini convenience store in the lobby along with vending machines on our floor. Free breakfast was also included in our stay and was much better than stopping by the nearest drive-thru restaurant. They have a nice eat-in area just off the lobby with a flat scrren tv that you can use anytime. The hotel is only about 12 miles from Six Flags so we were there in no time! I will definatley stay there next time i visit Six Flags. It's a much better hotel than those that are next to the park and alot cheaper.	
Jun 7 2009 	Manager lacks customer relations skills	I stayed at this La Quinta for 2 nights in April. The room was fantastic... clean, up-to-date furnishings, spatious. It's too bad that the management and staff aren't up to par.About 6 hours after checking out, I realized that I left a number of (very expensive) clothing items in the closet and bathroom hanger. I immediately called the front desk and was informed that the cleaning staff had left for the night. She said my items were probably locked away and to call back the next day. My boyfriend called early the next morning and was told that my items were nowhere to be found. I called later to speak with the &quot;acting&quot; manager and was treated VERY poorly. She reminded me that they were not responsible for items left, never apologized, and was extremely short and dismissive to me. She acted as if I was a bother to her and audibly sighed several times. This was unnecessary, as I had never once raised my voice or asked for a discount/reinbursement of any kind. A simple &quot;I'm sorry this happened. We'll keep our eyes out for your items.&quot; would have been sufficient. This was a disappointing end to what would have been a wonderful stay.	
Jan 26 2009 	No response from Manager	This is the second year we stayed at this hotel for a weekend in Chicago. The hotel was clean and an affordable rate. There was one disappointing thing this year. When we checked in we were handed the room key with a note taped on the inside telling me about a survey and asking for a score of 10 and to call the manager if there was any problems. We left our room at 9am the next morning and did not return until 10:30pm. Our room had not been cleaned and resupplied. The front desk did have us come down to get towels and coffee packs. We had friends stay right next to our room and their room was cleaned.To me, it was not worth contacting the manager on her cell phone at 10:30 at night. I left a message for her a few days later breifly explaining and asking she call me. I was not looking for anything back, just wanted to explain the front desk told me they were short housekeeping help. I never got a call back from the manager and it is odd when they are pleading for a score of 10 on the survey. The other interesting thing is that they never did send me a survey like I had received from other LaQuinta Inn stays. They must be able to control that somehow.I will probably stay at a hotel next year that talks the talk and walks the walk on responding to customers.	
Aug 18 2008 	Very good! Great Stay	Stayed in this hotel to attend an event in North Chicago, IL. Very conveniently located. Hotel was very quiet. Our stay started off a little shaky. Reserved a non-smoking room but when got to the room it reeked of smoke. We were promptly moved to another room. Nice big pool.Nice breakfast in the AM.Not close to downtown Chicago. Wouldn't recommend if you want to do a lot downtown.	
Sep 15 2006	Great Staff Clean Rooms Super Pool Convenient Location	This is a great hotel. It is now a La Quinta property but with the same great staff. I have stayed here dozens of times over the past 7 years. Always great, always friendly.	
Sep 19 2005	Great Hotel	We really enjoyed our stay here. The rooms are exceptionally large and clean. The hotel is right near the highway and not far from downtown, and for SO much less expensive than staying in a comperable place in the city. Pretty standard continental breakfast, but a little better than average as they had a make-your-own belgin waffle maker, which were great! I'd highly recommend this place.	
Jul 5 2005	Good Hotel	I stayed at this hotel 6/22-6/26/05. The front desk was extremely courteous and helpful. We arrived early (12:00) and our room was ready with no wait. The room was very spacious and comfortable. The decor was a little dated, but no big deal. The refrigerator and microwave in the room was definately a big plus, however I wish there would have been a sink in the &quot;kitchen&quot; area. Another big plus was that there was a great indoor pool and exercise room at the hotel. As we didn't want to stay in hectic downtown, the location was just right for us. There was shopping and movies nearby (we had a rental car) and we easily caught the train downtown at one of the two nearby train stations. The hotel staff was very accomodating and the evening happy hour in the lobby was also a plus. I would definately consider staying at this hotel again. My only negative was that the weekend (Saturday night) front desk person, as well as Saturday housekeeping staff showed a lot to be desired. They did not provide anywhere near the above average performance of the weekday crew(s). Overall, if your'e looking for a place to stay in suburban Chicago, you should consider this hotel.	
