Oct 28 2009 	Old hotel needs updating	The best part of this hotel was the bed. After that though, I am used to nicer hotels. First room smelled of smoke, The second room had stacks of chairs outside of it. Third room was about a football field away from lobby where they serve weak coffee and charge for it. The wifi only works in the lobby and the ethernet connections are SLOW and they charge you anyway. I would never stay at this hotel again. Hard to get as much work done as I would wish.	
Oct 27 2009 	Nice place  Great Stay Great Trip  Love Chicago	My wife and I spent 4 nights at the Chicago Marriott in October and were very pleased with our stay.The Marriott Chicago O'hare Is Located One Mile From The Donald E. Stephens Convention Center In Chicago, Ill. The Rosemont Theatre And The Allstate Arena Are Positioned Less Than Five Miles Away. The Hotel Provides Complimentary 24-Hour Transportation To And From Chicago O'hare International Airport, Located Less Than Four Miles Away. This Hotel Offers 681 Smoke-free Guestrooms Located Within A 12-Story Main Tower And A Connecting Three-story Building. The Marriott Revive Collection Features Beds With Pillowtop Mattresses, Down Comforters And Feather/Down And Foam Pillows. Bathrooms Are Stocked With Bath &amp; Body Works Toiletries. High-speed Internet Access Is Available For A Fee. Complimentary Refrigerators Are Available Upon Request.With all these superb amenities it really made our stay indeed a comfortable one and also a memorable one too . . and all thanks to Hotels2stay as they are really a trusted portal brand from where we can get Quality Hotelsstay at minimum price . At season rate also we made our booking at quite cheaper rates , as compared to other Travel portals .Thanks Hotels2stay.net . Ill definitely recommend this hotels for all those interested to stay and visit Chicago	
Sep 26 2009 	Excellent service Comfortable Stay	I stayed here because I got a super-low Priceline deal. However, everything about this hotel exceeded my expectations. The registration staff was very courteous, the wired Internet connection worked painlessly, and the room was nice and comfortable. I had a sore throat so I had bought a can of soup with me from the outside. Since the hotel had restaurants downstairs I was feeling a little awkward asking them about microwaving it. However I did with some hesitation and they not only let me microwave it in their restaurant but also gave me silverware to take to my room. And everything with a friendly smile. Overall, great customer service -- I am truly impressed!	
Aug 6 2009 	Comfort close to the airport	We stayed here one night between two flights at O'Hare. We liked its proximity to the airport -- shuttles come by about every 15-20 minutes and will get you to the hotel quickly. The hotel is not a 5* property but a decent 3-4* venue. It has three bars/restaurants on site, and has a half dozen more within a five minute walk. Also, it has a large supermarket nearby. We did not really need to look into any of its amenities, as we just needed a place to sleep between arriving and departing Chicago. It met that need quite well.However, I would note that due to its proximity to O'Hare -- one of the busiest airports in the world -- you will have an airplane flying overhead about every 10 minutes between 5am-10pm or so. If you're tired enough, this won't bother you, but if you're a light sleeper, you should look for somewhere with more soundproofing.Free internet only works in the lobby, for some reason, guests have to pay for it in their rooms.	
Jul 23 2009 	glad priceline gave me a good deal on this hotel	Pros: - Close to the airport, complimentart shuttle- 5 minute walk to the train- Large clean rooms- Fridge in the roomCons: - $24 (after tax) per day per parking spot- $13 per day for an internet connection in the room- Restaurant in the hotel is not exactly &quot;budget friendly&quot; (about $30 per person)- Downtown Chicago is about a 45 minute train ride away.Luckily, we got a good deal on this hotel via Priceline. The bed was not what I have come to expect of Mariott. I have stayed at many other Mariott hotels and have found their beds really nice... not in this one. The service was OK, but not super. Staying there, it felt as if the hotel is taking the business they get from the airport for granted and the staff does little to nothing to make your stay memorable in any way.	
Jul 15 2009 	Average Hotel	I stayed at the Marriott O'Hare in July 2009. Here are the pluses and minuses:Pluses - courteous staff at the front desk, concierge and meeting room support; good convenient location and easy to get to and from airport; decent restaurant and bar, relatively good ventilation and bed in room.Minuses - Room a bit worn with bathroom needing updating (no fan, chipping paint), overnight parking (self parking in a big aging parking lot) a complete ripoff at $24/night. This is how much I pay to park per day inside the parking structure right next to Portland Airport.Would I stay here again? Maybe.	
May 25 2009 	I liked it; I was lucky?	I called Marriott from O'Hare itself because of a mixup in travel schedule that led me arrive one day early. I got a $159 rate, which was not bad, considering that the conference hotel I was going to was going to charge me $100 more because the rooms at the conference rate had been sold out. (A review of that Marriott in Magnificent Mile to follow.)The room was clean; breakfast was all right--it was not included in the price so I took the continental menu; the bed was fine; reception was friendly. I arrived late so I took dinner there as well. The ribs were good.No complaints at all. And perhaps I was lucky but both coming and going, I did not wait even five minutes each time for the shuttle.Between the Marriott and the way overpriced Hilton, which I had stayed before, I would take this Marriott any time.	
May 16 2009 	Old and Worn Out - Living on the Airport Trade	The Marriott O'Hare is one of the older O'Hare area hotels and it is clearly showing its wear and tear. Partly because it has some built-in business, they have continued to cut corners. I have stayed there 7 times in the past year and finally felt the need to write a review. There are many other far better hotels in the O'hare area and some are even less expensive. The Marriott typically has larger meetings on property and the individual traveler gets lost. Breakfast is a very average buffett with very slow service (get your check when you get your coffee or you may be 20 minutes finding your server) and room service reminds one of the Holiday Inn - very blah and non-descript.	
Feb 27 2009 	Close to the subway good bed.	A bit overpriced, but this was were the conference I was attending were, so therefore I stayed there. The check-in personal was effective and polite. I had a room just a few rooms from the main entrance and this room was quite good. The bed was very good, but Internet was expensive. Cleaning was good, but started a bit early and I woke up several times of people cleaning other rooms in the hallway.The breakfast was good but overpriced, as expected.The hotel felt close to the airport because of the noise from the planes.	
Dec 14 2008 	Pretty Bad for a Marriott	This is quite possibly the worst Marriott i personally have experienced. This place is old and not maintained as well as most Marriott's.Check in was fast and friendly and the lobby area was nice. We were assigned a room in the older two story motor lodge type of accommodations which really didn't bother me. The carpeting in the hallways leading to the maze of rooms in this section was very old but clean. The room was shockingly bad for a Marriott. The bed was extremely uncomfortable and actually had a spring sticking out. Not only did i wake up feeling like i was sleeping on a pin but it had poked a hole clear through the sheet. In addition to this the tv was small and outdated as was the bathroom.The food in the restaurant was bland and overpriced as you'd expect. There are much better choices that are more updated and closer to O'Hare. I'll definately try one of those next time.	
Nov 27 2008	I got this room on Priceline for $60 a night!	We got this room, a 3 1/2 star, for $60 a night. We were happy with this rate. The airport shuttle was a little slow, but adequate.The staff was extremely helpful and explained how to use the L blue line. It is right across from the parking lot. I felt safe using it (I'm from Nebraska and clueless about cities!!) with my 2 daughters. We felt riding the train was part of the city experience.While not complaining because of the rate we got from priceline, I would say 2 negatives if we were paying full price. The layout was extremely confusing and a LONG WAY from the lobby. It was a seriously long walk, I would have requested a closer room if we weren't their on priceline. The other negative is that they charge $16.50 for their breakfast buffet. That seems like a lot to me. We just got bagels in the gift shop. Again, I think the hotel was nice, the pool area is great!...and the location to the L is very handy. Give priceline a try!	
Nov 11 2008 	generic marriott	Ok, I got it on priceline for $42 so I can't complain too much. Bed/pillows were great but the TV was in a cabinet at eye level (which I thought unusual) and it wasn't a flat screen (I figure Marriott was fairly upscale to not have tube TVs). $6.95/hr for internet in the business center is robbery (yet their Courtyard brand is free).I ordered breakfast from room service and it was quickier than promised (a plus) and it was really good.Two pluses for the hotel: The &quot;L&quot; is nearby and so is Dominick's which has a decent salad bar.	
Nov 11 2008 	Loved the pool	Although I booked the room through Priceline at a very favorable rate, I was treated very well by the Marriott staff. My eighth-floor room had a great view of the surrounding area, and was clean and comfortable. I also enjoyed the large indoor/outdoor pool and whirlpool. Another advantage is the ease of getting on the CTA's Blue Line; the entrance to the Cumberland station is located just across the hotel's parking lot.	
Oct 29 2008 	Not up to Marriott standards	The guy that I spoke to at the front desk when I arrived could not give me any substantial information about the shuttle, so I took a taxi, since the hotel is 2 miles from the airport. The taxi cost me $18, and he said it's about 6 miles from the airport.The room was small, the furniture scratched, and a lamp had the bulb hanging down in a dangerous way. The towels and shower curtain smelled of cigarette smoke, even though this is a non smoking hotel.And, I've stayed at many airport Marriott (most way closer to the airport than this one) and have never felt the planes quite the way I did here.I did speak with the manager and he covered my dinner. But that doesn't make up for the poor quality of this non-airport hotel.	
Oct 23 2008	Not "AT" Airport more suburban	Marriott guarantees the lowest prices if you book through them. It's not cheap but it's a major city. It is in Chicago but it is really a suburban location. Did not need a car, there is a shuttle from the airport and the train into downtown is located right across the parking lot. Nice/safe neighborhood for walking - Woodsy area close by. A few restaurants are on site. Not much right around the hotel, nothing to walk to as far as attractions. It was a bit of a walk but I did walk to a grocery store and pharmacy and fast food restaurant in the area, Although if you did have a car the highway is right there and there are things to do in the area. Staff was very nice. Rooms nice but run of the mill. Lobby was pretty, beautiful fresh flowers. Buffett breakfast was very good, Gift shop was nicer than many hotels. I did not use, but the pool looks very nice and it looks like if it was summer the poolside rooms would be very nice.	
Oct 19 2008	Loved this Marriott	Stayed in the Chicago Marriott O'Hare for a patient conference. The food and service was excellent! The rooms were older in appearance but exceptionally clean and comfortable. Our room was on the 2nd floor of the motel-like portion of the hotel. Its small balcony with two chairs overlooked a beautiful indoor/outdoor pool. The fitness room was clean and maintained with state of the art equipment and a big screen television. The El-train is right outside within a short walk to take you all over Chicago. With free shuttle to and from the airport, I would return in a heart beat!	
Oct 15 2008 	Nice hotel Friendly staff	I've stayed at the O'Hare Marriott a dozen times over the last few years while in Chicago on business. I have found the staff to be extremely friendly and helpful. On one trip, I called down to the front desk asking for ginger ale and crackers during a bout an upset stomach. Even though room service was closed, the security guard ran up a can of soda and crackers and emphasized that I should call if I needed anything else. The bell stand staff for wonderful and the banquet staff are professional. The AV staff know their business and have always had the equipment I needed ready to go when I arrived for my meeting. While the rooms are nothing special, they are clean, relaxing, and well equipped. I've never had any trouble with noise from the airport.	
Sep 26 2008 	Not up to Marriott standards	I recently stayed at the Marriott O'Hare for one night for a meeting. The hotel seems old and needs updating. The meeting space was nice enough and the catering was pretty good for a hotel. My problem was more with the guestrooms, which were small, had outdated furniture, and could have been cleaner. Would not want to stay there again.	
Aug 26 2008 	Greedy	Their web site shows High-speed internet in guest rooms in the amenities along with pool, shuttle, etc. But what they don't tell you is they rip you off for $13 for internet. And if that isn't enough, they charge 1/2 day for a late checkout. When every coffee shop in town and the $60 hotels can provide internet for free, there is no excuse for a $200 room to charge an extra $13 for internet and have charges for the &quot;business center&quot;. And for the price they charge, you'd think the TV would be above bed height but it is actually below your feet, so you can see most of the screen but have to hold the remote up over your head just to change the channel. Oh, but they have a bottle of water in the room if you need it-for only $5.	
Aug 21 2008 	Not great but ok	Received an email from Marriott ebreaks and thought we would take a short end of the summer trip to Chicago to see their Air and Water show since the rate at this hotel was good ($89 a night). We have stayed here in the past and found it nice enought and convienent since it is right on the edge of Chicago and less than a block away from an El station making it easily accessible to downtown Chicago without having to drive and park in downtown Chicago. The hotel room was ok and we had a king room (Rm 303). This room faces the interstate, and the El train tracks, and O'Hare airport so there is a lot of traffic noise, train noise, and take off and landing noise. We live in the Minneapolis area so were not overly worried but it was noisy. It is noisier still in the hallway though. The second night of our stay a wedding party had a room down the hall and we had to call security three different times to come and quiet the group. Made it fairly miserable for settling down that night but we blamed ourselves as a &quot;you get what you pay for&quot; deal.There is a large window overlooking a deck but you cannot open the door (probably to keep down the noise) too. It was a bit strange since usually patio type windows open. The pool here is one of their more interesting features since it is an indoor/outdoor pool and you can swim underneath a barrier to move between pools. Our eight year old loved it but the pool is getting more worn out and needs maintenence that the hotel doesn't seem to care about. In one place in the indoor part it looks like mold is growing on the side of the pool. The pool is warmer than most swimming pools on the plus side and is 12 feet deep, and long enough to do laps both inside and outside. We probably would stay here again but will ask for a room not facing the interstate or higher up so the traffic noise and El noise isn't as noticeable. A final thing to note is that the hotel charges you $20 a night to park. Not unusual for city hotels but since it was more than 20% over the cost of the hotel it is worth mentioning.	
Jul 2 2008 	A good conference hotel	I spent 3 days in the Chicago Marriott O'Hare for a business meeting and found the hotel to be quite comfortable. The room was not luxurious, but I didn't expect that. It was clean, well-stocked, well-lighted and felt secure. The staff was courteous and helpful. I ate 2 meals in the restaurant. The menu for dinner was varied and the 2 choices i had ( a large salad and the short-ribs) were well-prepared and arrived in a timely manner. The area of the hotel where we had our conference was attractive, though the meeting rooms are utilitarian. One of my colleagues had a room at the pool. Sitting outside there at night watching the fireflies was fun. All in all I'd recommend this hotel for a business meeting or for an overnight stay if you're heading out of O'Hare on an early flight.	
May 29 2008	upsad	i m not the kind of person who like to complaint.but this stay upsad me a lot,a lot! i wont go back and i dont recommend you to stay as wellli m gonna tell my story now: PS: it would be a bit long!! i stayed there from 23rd to 25th of may. at first ,i thought i m gonna stay only one night!! but i changed my mind and called the front desk agent for extending my stay!! she transfered me to the 1800 reservation hotline!! the reservationist ask many questionsss...and she asked me if i want any extra towel in the room cos i emphasized that i would stay in the same room!!!i called back to the front desk agent and told her that i have already made the reservation and i m going to stay in the same room!! she said&quot; fine&quot; and she was nice!!then i went out and came back around 5pm, i approached the Front desk and met the front office manager named Sawsan.i told her what had happened about the extended reservation.She started to ask me many questions cause she said she couldnt find anything in her computer,she said &quot;there is no reservation of yours&quot;...............finally she said she found and surprisingly she gave me a new room key!! haha!!! she is ridiculous!! she doesnt even listen to me!! i would like to stay in the old room!!!!!!!!!then i told her that all my stuff is still in the room and i would like to stay in the same room. she then called housekeeping using a radio,one of the things that she mentioned upsad me a lot,she blamed me of not going to the front desk and check out the first night of staying!!!!!!!!!!! ((( she talked on the radio with somebody from housekeeping not directly to me,but for sure,she means what she said)))she finished the call and i immediately clarified that i extended my stay and nobody ask me to come to check out ! i m angry but i still use gentle tone of course, she said &quot;OK&quot; as a reply.she is not happy with what i said as well i think,then she keeps her eyes and hands on the computer and didnt tell me anything and i stand there waiting for around 2 mins,hoping she will tell me somethings ,but didint !! after 2 min of stipud waiting ,then she said i m waiting for the call from housekeeping,they are going to check ur room ((( you should have told me that when you finish the call with housekeeping,then i can get a seat ,right????i m so upsad of her attitude!!)))  this kind of attitude and behaviour is marriott standard?? you are not qualify ! and she never say even one sorry to me!! i think i did everything right!! this is totally their communication problem!! they have a chaotic system!!	
May 14 2008 	Average overall	I stayed here twice over the past 2 months.My first stay was in the &quot;motel&quot; section. This property has a 12-story main tower and connected to it two square-shaped &quot;motel&quot; that is 3-stories high. The &quot;motel&quot; section has open balconies with chairs where you could sit facing central courtyards. One courtyard contains the outside part of the indoor/outdoor pool. The other courtyard has a seasonal outdoor pool which was covered during my stay.My second stay was on the 12-floor of the main tower. From the balcony window facing the airport I could see planes coming in on their approach and almost see them land. In the distance I would see planes take off. Unfortunately the balcony door did not open, probably due to liability concerns. Perhaps in years past, before people became sue-happy, guests could step outside and enjoy the breeze. Now the balcony looks neglected, worn, and dirty.The noise from the planes is noticeable in the room and occurred on a regular basis during the day (just about every 5 minutes). Even though I was on the top floor, I could also hear the traffic from the nearby freeway. I'm not a light sleeper so none of the noise really bothered me.The rooms in the tower and the &quot;motel&quot; were very similar. Neither roomy nor small. For some reason the ceiling in the bathroom was lower than in the room and the bathroom was definitely tight. You kind of have to step out of the way to open and close the bathroom door. I felt a little claustrophobic.On my second stay, 2 of the lights would not work. It turns out both were not plugged in; something the housekeeping staff should have checked. Otherwise everything worked as expected.I will agree with previous reviewers that this hotel is a bit dated. I can see that areas of renovation and modernization have taken place over the years but clearly there's only so much that can be done to an older property. The public areas, such as the lobby, meeting rooms, and restaurants look nice but the remaining areas, corridors, and rooms are dated and worn.I did not use the pool but it looked nice and was used by many guests. I did use the gym which was located at the very end of the &quot;motel&quot; section away from the tower. The gym had a nice selection of aerobic machines and some weight machines as well as some dumbells.Every one of the staff I encountered was professional, friendly, and helpful. The airport shuttle service during my first stay was frequent and prompt. The shuttle does stop at the Marriott Suites first from the airport and then makes a stop there on the way to the airport. If you have a choice between staying here or at the Marriott Suites, I would recommend the latter. My second stay, I self-parked which cost $20 with unlimited in-and-out privileges.I would probably choose another place to stay if I was in the area in the future. However, if you can get a decent room rate, this is not a bad choice, as long as you can put up with its &quot;retro&quot; style.	
Apr 14 2008	Ok stay for business trip at conference rate	Stayed 2 nights for a meeting being held at the hotel. The one thing this hotel has going for it, is location. The El train - into downtown is within short walking distance, the airport is quickly accessed by shuttle, the convention ctr is about 2 miles away and freeway access, is just around the corner.On the downside, this hotel appears to have been built in the 60's. We were in a room located on the west wing (3 floors only) as opposed to the main tower. It reminded me of staying in a motel, only it was much larger. With elevators by the main lobby, it was quite a walk to our room, something reminiscent of large Las Vegas hotels. In addition, while we entered the room from an inside hallway, the room has an additional door that led to a shared walkway on the outside. If you did not draw the heavy drapes, the inside could be seen even with the sheer drapes closed. Because of this, most of the time it was kept closed, making it darker in the room.While the furnishings in the room were outdated and worn, the bed was newer and very comfortable. I must admit, the very old crystal lamps gave me a chuckle. I haven't seen those, since I was a kid in the 70's. Because the bed was quite high, it was difficult seeing the tv, which was placed so low in the armoire. The bathroom was tiny, but clean. The toiletries were quite nice - Bath and Bodyworks Aromatherapy. Staff was always courteous and friendly. The sports lounge had good food and the small gift shop was convenient. The internet is not free as they say on their website. And parking was outrageous at $20 considering the huge uncovered lot in the front.All in all, at the conference rate, it was ok. Given a choice and for the same price, I would probably pick the Embassy Suites down the road, where I've stayed before.	
Feb 22 2008	Another Sub Par Chicagoland Marriott	Another Chicagoland Marriott property that's overrated for a Marriott. The hotel has a motel feel to it - it's very constructed like one. The rooms are just OK, and the bathrooms tiny. The only saving grace is a comfortable bed. But that's about it.	
Nov 14 2007 	ok if you like concrete 70s style	I stayed a week at the mariott o'hare in november.I stayed there because no other hotels were available donwtown.My company paid 199 dollars a week.Which is expensive for this hotel.The employees were nice but the hotel is old even if clean.I noticed that my rug hadn t been vacumed for a week since I found at the end of my stay some dust I had took off from my jacket the day I arrived...Anyway, there is a pool which is not bad but old.Nice concrete scene lolI had to pay for internet 13 bucks/day for wired internet...If you plan to commute to Downtown Chicago, plan to face traffic jam.Leaving at 7h30 am you can arrive at around 8h30 am Dwtwn.(paying around 40 bucks)	
Nov 4 2007 	Marriott Should Be Embarrassed	The reviewer who described this place as a 1970's Holiday Inn with a Marriott sign was right, except Holiday Inns were nicer. There is no soundproofing, and since it's on the westward approach to ORD, not to mention next to the Kennedy Expwy, it's incredibly noisy. The overall look is dated. The HVAC is old, the carpet is worn, the bathrooms are tiny and the internet connection was slow. It's just not up to Marriott standards. A few good aspects - the staff was incredibly friendly and for the most part, very dedicated. The gym had new cardio equipment (though it seems like a good 1/4 mile walk from the main elevators, and was a bit small given the size of the hotel). The banquet food was, somewhat surprisingly, creative. But the place needs a physical makeover. The only truly positive thing about this place is that Gino's East pizza is right next door.	
Oct 20 2007 	Intruder tried to enter my room at 1am	I stayed in this hotel in 2004 for a seminar, and was booked for 4 nights.During my first (and only) night at this hotel, I stayed up late to catch up on reading and went to bed about 1am. About 1:30 am I heard light knocking (I figured someone was knocking on another door down the hall), then about 20 seconds later, my door OPENED UP (I had the security bolt on, preventing the door from opening all the way).I quickly screamed for the intruder to get out of my room, and immediately called the front desk (panicked out of my mind) asking for a security guard, and they agreed to send one up. No one ever arrived.After half an hour, my nerves calmed and I packed my bags and went to the front desk - telling them what happened - and demanded a full refund. The staff all just looked at me not knowing what to say. They had NO explanation why no security guard every arrived at my room.They DID tell me that this must have been a hotel employee checking to see if the room was vacant. Really. I find that a bit hard to believe. What I know is this: someone (who knows who) had a key to my room, and the light knocking must have been on MY door, to see if I was awake. Clearly I would have been robbed, or worse, had I been totally asleep when the intruder entered my room.Interestingly, when I wrote to Marriott asking for an explanation, I NEVER received a response. I am a female who travels alone. This is the ONLY hotel I have ever stayed at that I would FEAR staying at again as I believe their security is nonexistent.	
Sep 10 2007 	Needs major renovation	We always stay at Marriott's, and are usually quite happy. This time we were extremely disappointed. We tried two different rooms, and both had a horrible cigarette smell, mildew in the walls, and damp carpeting. Looks like it needs a major renovation, not just new pillows and bedding.While the staff was helpful and the location convenient to the El, the hotel was gross. We will still stay at another Marriott, but never again this one.	
Aug 23 2007	Nice but to far	My familly and I stayed at this Mariott on aug 21st 2007. We tough the Mariott was OK but we found it far from down town. We used the El-train to go down town and it took over an hour. The hotel needs renovation but the concierge service was excellent. If you don't have to be down town it's a nice and quiet place to stay.	
Aug 2 2007 	Convenient to O'Hare but expensive	I stayed here July 30, 2007 for one night. I needed to be close to O'Hare for a flight the next day and the hotel filled that need. It is also close to the blue line, so you could get into the city easily if you needed to do so. There is a free shuttle to the airport every 20 minutes starting at 5 AM, and this was convenient. I enjoyed the indoor/outdoor pool and the hot tub. The hotel room itself was OK, with a very fluffy bed. You could hear planes taking off every once in a while, but I slept through the night with no trouble. The shower floor was a little dirty, but not a major issue.The layout of the hotel isn't great. My room was in the B wing about a 5 minute walk from the lobby. You went through the pool area to get there and had to walk another 5 mins. after the pool to get to the room. My room was close to the fitness center.The room cost $179 a night, which worked out to $206.57 with tax. I think it was a little overpriced and you could likely get a better value someplace else. Overall, however, it was convenient and got me to my flight on time the next morning.	
Jul 13 2007	Not worth the cost	Our stay at the Marriott at O'Hare was sort of a last-minute decision. Because of circumstances, my wife and I really needed a hotel close to the airport so we could just catch the shuttle the next morning. I tend to stay at Marriott hotels because they are pretty reliable.I knew the cost would be high, and it was, but I was willing to pay it. But it was really just an average hotel. I was surprised that our room was in essentially a dressed-up &quot;motel&quot;. There was nothing terrible about it, our stay was pleasant enough, just not up to what I expect from Marriott, and definitely not worth the cost.	
Jun 1 2007 	Easy access to L O'Hare and expressways	I chose this hotel for a mini-vacation over Memorial Day weekend. I wanted access to downtown Chicago's shopping, dining, and culture. The hotel is only a 5-minute walk from the Cumberland L station. That let me go downtown without worrying about auto traffic and parking. However, the Blue Line was undergoing renovation, and the trip seemed closer to an hour than the usual 45 minutes. Also, I wanted access to visit family outside the city. The hotel is barely a block or two from the Cumberland I-90 exit. In addition, I was flying out of O'Hare. I don't think it took me more than 10 minutes to drive from the hotel to the Hertz car return. So the hotel met my key expectation: convenient location.My Hertz reservation led me to a special deal for that weekend. I stayed three nights at a $109 base rate, but the special deal meant that I only had to pay for the first two nights. I'm glad I brought the Internet printout explaining the special deal. At both check-in and check-out, the clerks were unfamiliar with it. However, both times they took my printout to the manager. After a few minutes, they came back and honored the special deal. I did have to pay for wired Internet ($12.95/night) and self-parking ($16.75/night).My room was in the tower, which was close to the lobby. However, parts of the hotel are some distance away. The walk to the fitness center was roughly 5 minutes. On the way there, I noticed two men starting their workout by running through the hallway to the fitness center. That made sense since the distance was so great. The fitness center itself was uncrowded during my visits. An elliptical-type cardiovascular machine worked well and had a built-in tv; I had to bring my own headphones to listen to the sound. The center also has weight machines, and the hotel has indoor and outdoor pools.The room itself was generally typical of other Marriotts where I've stayed in size, decor, and general condition. In other words, it was adequate, with no significant problems but no especially exciting features. The king bed did seem to reflect the recent trend toward a soft, complicated set of bedding with lots of pillows. Although the hotel was close to O'Hare and I occasionally heard airplanes, I was able to sleep undisturbed by noise. I encountered uniformly friendly and helpful staff--including the bellman at the front door, the maid, and the parking lot attendant. They seemed genuinely eager to help. They lacked the stiff formality of a Ritz-Carlton, and they lacked the seemingly clairvoyant anticipation of my needs I had found at the W City Center in Chicago on an earlier trip.Overall, I was pleased with the hotel's convenient location, great rates, adequate facilities, and helpful staff.	
May 8 2007 	Suite was like a cave.	We usually stay in suites when we travel for more space to work and stretch out. We had to fly into Chicago unexpectedly due to a family emergency and as I usually stay at Marriott hotels, I did a quick search. My brother in law said the Marriott Hotel O'Hare was closest to the hospital of the hotels Marriott listed so I booked a suite at almost $250 night, plus huge tax rate and parking. I requested a top floor, expecting their suites to be on the top of their tower building. Instead they are on the third floor of the old 1970's style holiday inn building that surrounds the pools. (Which did look pretty nice). After walking what seemed like forever we walked down a musty smelling hallway, which they were carpet cleaning at the time. (really strong smell). The suite itself was an ok size, but the room has only one large plate glass window that opened to a set of stairs from the outside parking lot (no sense of security) and a walkway for access to some AMA building. Their is a huge overhang over this walkway, so natural light was almost non existent. The window and airconditioning were in the main living area, and the bed was tucked into a back corner with no window and no air vent. Freezing in the living area and hot on the bed. Go figure.The bathroom was tiny with barely enough room to turn around from the sink, toilet and worn out puny tub. The bed was saggy and lumpy and neither of us slept well. They throw a lumpy, prickly topper on the mattress and think it will account for a bad mattress.I must say that the front desk staff was very nice, but I immediately got online and booked the remainder of our stay at the Marriott Suites, which was just two minutes down the road. That is the place to stay.I hate to dish Marriott, because I am almost always happy with them, but this Marriott is not what I expected for the price and the name.	
Apr 11 2007 	Horrid absolutely horrid	Stayed here for a last minute decision to do park n fly so we didn't have to leave home at 5am. The cost was $250 after tax. I might as well had flushed the money down the toilet. This hotel is a typical example of a respected name buying a dated, run down holiday inn from the 70's, slapping on a new coat of paint and calling it a marriott. To be fair, the public spaces are nicely renovated. The room, was a dump. We had to go through the pool area to get to it. The carpets were dirty and the bed was an absolute joke. Crappy sheets over a feather topper (I think they caught some chicken beaks in there) covering a 1980 walmart mattress. My wife and I slept about 2 hours total. I personally had marks on my body from the stupid feathera poking through the sheets. I am pissed at marriott for putting their name on this rats nest, and will definetly avoid the marriott name for quite some time. You can put lipstick on a pig...........but it's still a pig.	
Mar 2 2007 	Needs renovation average Marriott	I chose this hotel because of the location and the shuttle... both worked out well. The front desk staff and all other staff were very helpful. The room definitely needs some renovation; however, everything was clean. The thermometer in the room was not regulated... I was either freezing or hot. If in the area again, I will try the Marriott Suites.	
Feb 28 2007 	A comfortable stay	I didn't know quite what to expect knowing the age of this hotel (I last stayed in it 26 years ago!), but we found it to be elegant, professional, with an extremely friendly and helpful staff. Every worker we encountered seemed to want to do all he or she could to ensure we had a great stay. I was pleasantly surprised by some of the little services, like offering to give us a follow-up wake up call ten minutes after the first call.The entire hotel, both common areas and our room, was furnished with lovely colors, textures, and furniture. All very comfortable, clean, and classy. The bathroom was the only place I noticed the hotel's age.The hotel seems to cater more to the business and convention traveler. Frequent shuttles to the airport and convention center looked to be very handy.With our own car, we didn't take advantage of the shuttles. We were surprised to pay $20 a night for parking with in/out privileges. We were also surprised to find the high speed internet is $12.95 plus tax each day. Our business schedule was packed so the only facility we were able to try was the restaurant for breakfast each morning. The service was top-notch.All in all we had a comfortable stay.	
Dec 2 2006 	Near-luxury large hotel	I was there Fri-Sun for a meeting held at the hotel. The first nice touch was a free shuttle from O'Hare that picks up every 30 minutes. Check-in was friendly and efficient - they make you aware this is a nonsmoking hotel. The room was quite a long walk away from the lobby - lots of hallways, corners - easy to get lost! Everything was clean and modern as in most Marriotts, and the bed was comfortable. A small patio looked out over the indoor/outdoor pool. This was neat at first but I couldn't go to sleep early because noisy kids were swimming until about 10 PM.There's a bar and a couple of restaurants. I had dinner at the Champion grill - a sports-themed place with countless big-screen TVs on the walls all tuned to different games. The food was good and reasonably priced. Meeting rooms were average. I visited the fitness room, which had plenty of equipment and individual TVs and free earphones on the cardio machines.I had a break so I wanted to take a walk in the neighborhood. The bell desk was helpful but said there was nothing to do or see around the hotel unless I wanted to take a cab or the train in to the city. I walked around anyway, and as they said there wasn't anything interesting to see or do. There is a large grocery store about a block away and I picked up a few snacks to eat in the room.The shuttle returned to the airport on schedule, rounding out a nice trip. In summary, this hotel is great for business in the area and there were a number of families having a good time, especially in the pool/spa area.	
Oct 20 2006 	Very nice place to stay	A friend and I spent three days in Seattle, then took Amtrak to Chicago. The Marriott was excellent! The beds were fresh and clean and comfy, especially after two nights on a train. But, they were extra nice anyway. The room was a nice size, too. Our room was very quiet, despite being near O'Hare Airport and having an indoor pool and a bunch of sorority sisters having a reunion in the ballroom. From our room, we would have never guessed anything was going on. The desk staff were wonderful.	
Oct 19 2006 	It was OK would not select it again.	Good Points of Hotel:*Free shuttle from O’Hare to the hotel;*Room had comfortable king bed with down-stuffed bedding;*Nice little shop (though pricey) in the lobby for snacks, sodas, and incidentals;*Room service staff very friendly and efficient;*Food from room service very good, and a few gluten-friendly items on the menu (such as the roast chicken) for those of us with gluten sensitivity;*Good heating system in the room;*USA Today newspaper;*Nice bathroom amenities (soap, shampoo).Bad Points of Hotel:*Long walk from the lobby to the room with several twists and turns, poorly laid out, and no help with luggage for your trek;*Carpeting in room significantly soiled, not willing to walk on it barefoot;*Several bulbs in the lamps burned out with cob webs covering the lamp shades;*Front desk staff cold and not very helpful;*Bathroom rather small;*Expensive internet access: Cost was $12.95 PER DAY!*Maid service entered the room to clean it despite a DO NOT DISTURB card was in the key slot;*Very limited t.v. options (only about 18 channels, the majority sports and news channels);*Be aware that this hotel IS near O’Hare Airport, and I could hear planes going over the hotel every 15 to 30 minutes;*If you do not have a car (as I did not), expect to pay for cab fare or take the train if you leave the hotel as there are no restaurants or other points of interest within walking distance of this hotel.Stayed here as an overflow hotel for a conference I attended. I have stayed at other Marriott Hotels, and this was my least favorite for service and accommodations. I would not opt to stay here again with so many other hotel options in the area, especially at $200 per night!	
Oct 12 2006 	Hotel is OK - Needs Renovation	Positives: - Room had new Marriott bedding and bath amenities- Free shuttle to airport that arrived on time with nice driver- Clean, more or less, for an older propertyWatch out for: - Property overall needs renovation and it is a bit of a throw back to the 50s/60s - Lobby was kinda dingy - very outdated- High price during the week - Building had odd layout so had to walk unusually far from lobby to my room - Small bathroom with older tub and sink- Had to pay for Internet and not many TV channels to pick fromBottom line: - OK in a pinch but I will seek out other options in the area- May try the Marriott Suites that I have heard is more up to date and is close by- Will look for a better value given the price	
Jul 31 2006 	Comfortable but needs updating	Stayed one night in July 2006 for business. The room as well as the hotel in general are acceptable, but not up to the standards of the typical Marriott. The facilities seem to be rather old, and in need of more than a superficial redecorating.My room was on the ground floor in a wing overlooking the pool. I was nervous about noise, but this was not a problem once evening came. The bed was very comfortable with bountiful pillows and comforters. The furniture and carpeting looked to be well worn but clean. The only cleaning flaw I could see were &quot;dust bunnies&quot; in the corners of the bathroom floor (under the counter). I had difficulty adjusting the thermostat in the room -- the only choices seemed to be to blast the air conditioning to arctic level or endure dampness/humidity that left the mirror fogged (this was long before I took a shower, I should note!). Internet access is available for a fee.I didn't eat any meals at the hotel so I can't speak to their food offerings. I got a snack at the gift shop which has plenty of drinks and healthy snacks available.My colleague and I found the front desk staff to be somewhat less than helpful when we were seeking restaurant recommendations. The employee handed us a mimeographed sheets with restaurant options, but really couldn't tell us what was near or far, although she told us none were in walking distance.Airport-Hotel shuttle: We waited over half an hour at the airport bus area -- the shuttle seems to service a number of hotels so it can be slow at peak times.The CTA Blue Line is right next to the hotel premises. It was very easy to get downtown.Overall, it's okay, but a little less than I would expect from Marriott.	
Jul 26 2006 	Not too bad	Just recently staying 3 nights at the Chicago O'Hare Marriott. I had a king size room in the main tower. The bed was very comfy, clean sheets and very crisp. The rooms fairly decent size, but the bathroom was extremely small. Convinent location to the airport and the train downtown(only a 3 minute walk) as well as close to a local grocery store for supplies. The staff was friendly the morning breakfast buffet was good and lunch in the &quot;Harvest&quot; was also good. I did not self park, but did notice there was a fee. I got an early check in and the staff was very accomodating the entire trip when I needed them. I am a gold member with Marriott so I stay with them all over and this was about a 3 out of 5.	
Jul 23 2006	Wish All Hotels Were Like This One	Stayed at the Marriott Chicago O'Hare for 4 days. The hotel is beautiful and perfectly clean. The beds? Wow, the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in - I think I slept better in it that I do at home. The food at the restaurant, Harvest &quot;something&quot; was excellent. I was attending a seminar that had continental breakfast and lunch provided by the hotel - it was all so good! The coffee was very good, and if you're a coffee drinker, you know how important that is. Every hotel employee I encountered was very pleasant - very friendly and pleasant. The final thing I liked about this hotel was that we could control the temperature in our meeting room - nice! I enjoyed my stay very much and look forward to staying at this hotel again in the future.	
Jul 14 2006	Was pleased as can be at the Marriott!	Arrived into O'hare from La Guardia too late and missed our connection home. Since we didn't know until very last minute (maybe 8pm), I had family member at home start working on getting us a hotel while we were in the air. We were able to get the LAST room at the Marriott O'hare. None were available at ANY of the other hotels he tried and he tried every online travel website as well as major hotel chain.O'hare airport is very confusing to find bus/shuttle center. Once you do finally find it, shuttle comes to door number 2. Shuttle takes about 15 minutes and stops at other Marriott properties first. Since we were checking in close to midnight, we were able to immediately and the staff was very helpful and kind. We had no luggage as it had gone on an earlier flight so they gave us some toiletries and robes which I found very nice!We requested room service breakfast during a 15 minute time spread and a wake up call. We discovered the next morning that our room clock was set to an incorrect time, but the wake up call saved us and arrived on time. Breakfast was nicely presented but arrived right on the dot of the final moment of the 15 min. time block. A bit pricey but we were tired and it was better than eating in the airport.Shuttle runs every 20 minutes on the hour and they are prompt. No problems to mention, room was overlooking the pool, nice and quiet, clean, the beds were comfortable, sheets and towels nice and soft. Room rate at the last possible moment was $199/night but saved me from sleeping at the airport. Would've rather pricelined for lower but I thought it was worth it in this case!	
Jun 21 2006 	Stuck in the 60's	Stayed 2 nights because of meetings near O'Hare and because all other hotels in the area were booked. Would never stay here again.Yes, the hotel is extremely dusty. I bent over to adjust my desk chair and there was an inch of dust on the chair legs.I had 3 access doors to my room, making me feel unsafe and vulnerable: door leading out to interior hallway, door leading to exterior hallway that faces the pool, and a connecting room door.Cockroaches in the exterior hallway.Room and bath are both very cramped, no room to even do some stretching exercises. Had to step behind the toilet to be able to open or close the bathroom door.Hallways are long and confusing - I got lost more than once trying to find the lobby.$20 to self park overnight.Old and dirty carpeting - never dared to walk barefoot in my room.Hotel decor and everything else is stuck in the 60's. The highlights: great Marriott food at the restaurant, nice staff, and GREAT beds. Nice business center for a fee.	
May 2 2006	Great Staff Still Feels Dingy	Despite their best efforts to make this hotel adhere to Marriott standards, this hotel falls a bit short. Despite furniture typical for the chain, the rooms were only fair. Little irritations such as walking into the room and finding the temperature to be somehwere north of 80 degrees (heat set on high). The hallways felt dim and underlit, and not in a fashionable way. My room was an unreasonably long walk from the lobby, as you have to walk throught the pool atrium (!). Most people would find it to be an approximately 10 minute walk. The staff was surpisingly pleasant and helpful even by Marriott standards. The food in the restaurant was decent but typically pricey. The airport shuttle leaves every 15 minutes and was on-time. The room internet access was $12/day and wired only (not wireless), so there's no surfing from bed . Overall, I felt that the Orbitz room rate ~$145 was a decent value for this hotel. A luxurious rest spot it isn't, but it is a reasonable place to crash near O'Hare.	
Apr 9 2006 	Great staff	Great hotel. Wonderful staff, from the Bell staff to the servers and bartenders. (Especially the bartenders!). Inside/outside pool is great. Gym a tad small, but I hear a remodel will happen soon. Two bars, one restaurant. The restaurant serves a very nice steak, with a suprisingly good wine list. Meeting room areas also are pleasant. Shuttle to O'Hare is great. Save a rental car and get on blue line CTA to 'Cumberland' stop and it is a short walk to this hotel. Minutes away from fine Rosemont restaurants too. (Go to Harry Caray's for the bar, but get your steak at Morton's). Fine hotel for business or pleasure travel.	
Feb 22 2006	Perfect Stay for Catching Early Flight Next Day	We had no problems and the service was excellent. We will definitely use this hotel again if we need to catch an early flight from O’Hare. The room was really nice with a fluffy bed. We didn’t go to the pool, but it looked nice as we could see it from our balcony. We ate at the sports bar and had great service. The prices were a little high, but it was expected. It is free to park, so the cost of the room more than covered what it would have cost us to park at the airport. I would recommend this hotel for people needing to park and fly or even visiting the area.	
Apr 10 2005 	Not too shabby	I stayed at the Mariott because I was participating in a music festival with my high school concert band. The lobby is nice, and there's a lot of conference rooms and a place where you can make copies and send things. Be sure to check out the map of the hotel - if you don't find the elevator closer to your room, it could mean a lot of unnecessary walking. I had a room with two double beds, and they were kind of small, but they're able to fit two average-sized people. The bathroom is kind of small also, and there's no ventilation system, but its clean - no mildew or anything. The pool is a lot better than most hotels - there's a glass dome, and you can swim outside or inside in one big pool. The maids and front desk were nice, and fulfilled all of my requests. The hotel has some drawbacks but overall it is a good place to stay. I would rate it 3.5 stars if that was possible.	
Mar 1 2005	Just Okay - There are Better Choices	My husband and I stayed at the Marriott O'Hare at the end of February 2005, when we were stranded in Chicago for the night due to a cancelled flight to Boston (weather delays). A convenient shuttle bus runs between the hotel and the airport every 15-20 minutes and the hotel is about a 10 minute ride from the airport. This is definately a hotel geared to the business traveller and is also used for many conferences and business meetings. There is nothing charming or interesting about this hotel, in either the public areas or the rooms. It's pretty much just a big ugly box. The ceilings throughout the hotel are unusually low.We had a regular room with a king bed on the fourth floor. The room was just average, clean enough and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was TINY and there was a hair in the tub when we arrived (does housekeeping ever clean the tubs between guests?) It was rather tired looking and run down. Internet access was available in the room, but there was no refrigerator. The hotel does have a nice fitness room with the largest variety of equipment I've seen in a hotel, as well as a pool, half of which is indoor, half outdoor, and a hot tub. There is a guest laundry room on the second floor, with coin operated washers and dryers. There are two restaurants, The Harvest Grill, and a sports bar. We ate dinner in the Grill. The meal was not very good and the service was terrible. It took more than 40 minutes after ordering to be be served, with no apology or explanation from the waitress.My biggest complaint is the workmen who started working on a balcony outside our room at 8 am. They made a tremendous amount of crashing and banging noise and were still at it when we checked out. Unless you have to stay in this hotel because you are attending a meeting there, I would suggest staying elsewhere.	
Dec 15 2004	Flies and dust	Had to stay at this hotel in November 04 because of an exam being held there. Our room had fly after fly after fly that I kept trying to catch and throw out, but kept finding more behind the curtains along the window. After a while, I gave up and had us moved to a handicap-friendly room, which was more spacious but louder (being closer to the elevator). This was better, although the dust in this hotel is unbelievable (you could see a haze whereever you walked), and I think I developed allergies just from my 2 days there. The gym was spacious (lots of treadmills and TVs) and the pool was nice (although you can't do laps because of the depth and odd shape) and the hottub is way too small. Overall, two thumbs down; not worth the price or location by ANY means.	
Apr 1 2004	convenient for travel and long term parking	Hotel very convenient for flying out of Ohare. Shuttle to airport is timely and cost of fly and park package was much cheaper then parking at airport during our 10 day trip. Our wait for the shuttle upon returning was only about 10-15 minutes and since we traveled during January it was nice to sit in the hotel lobby while our car warmed up. The rooms were fine, pool area nice and they had a fun sports bar at lobby level that helped kick off our vacation feeling!	
