Oct 29 2009 	Still one of the best values in chicago	Heart of Chicago continues to be a great little inexpensive place to rest for a trip to chitown. Just steps to Clark St. to catch a bus or a 10min walk to the EL stop (BrynMar) Which over the years has become a less scary area. I would still hesitate to walk it alone at night but with a group of friends I don't think its an issue. The motel is located just off Clark St. directly between Andersonville and Rogers Park. Andersonville in the 23yrs I've been staying at HOC has become a vibrant diverse mecca of old timer Sweedish and more recently arrived gay and DINKy types. The neighbord is clean well lit and full of things to do and eat. Right at the point where Ashland meets Clark there is a Mexican Bakery that is just awsome. Just south on Clark is Sweedish Bakery and the famous Ann Sather is just a block or so further south on Clark. Inbetween are an array of sushi, mediterranian, latin american and american places to pick from to eat and a wonderful potpouri of shops. The Heart of Chicago staff is for the most part wonderfully friendly and helpful. Don in the evenings and Javed on day shift are always ready to give advise on where or how to get somewhere.. If they don't know they will usually find the answer. There is a relatively recent arrival. A younger lady who needs to work on her customer service skills and demeanor a bit. She comes of curt and gives the impression she really would rather be somewhere else. Hopefully that can be taken care of by management. Not something that some corrective guidance couldn't solve very easily. That said I will continue to come back. I had read other complaints here about inconsistent internet service... There are outdoor routers and 3 bands to get the wirless but connection was spotty at best. This needs to be corrected... I If I had needed to do business work in the romm I would have been very upset..	
Oct 13 2009 	Serves a purpose	Stayed here for a few nights on a trip to Chicago to catch up with some friends who lived nearby. They did offer for me to stay with them, but I didn't want to impose.This is exactly what it looks like from the outside. A tired, worn [--] motel, that's it... what you see is very much what you get. I am not complaining - service was friendly and efficient, buffet breakfast was basic but OK, room was dated but clean enough, bathroom tired but again no complaints at all about cleanliness. WiFi internet intermittent and crashes from time to time.Bed was comfortable enough, a little noisy from the traffic (close to a busy intersection), but with just the right amount of alcohol that's not a problem.It does offer one thing, again which is obvious from outside - low cost, discreet privacy. If that's what you want, this ticks all the boxes. Wonderfully trashy. There wasn't a 5 star box to tick for that, in which case it would get full marks.	
Sep 14 2009 	Clean pleasurable place. Love the Heart!	We booked a week straight at the end of June 2009 thru hotels.com, me and my girlfriend on a month long trip all over the U.S.First of all, the POSITION. It is located in good Andersonville, near one of Chicago's best places to see, Wrigleyville. Safe place, with lots of young people, elder women, friendly faces. And the more you get close to the Wrigley Field the more the places look cool. The complaints about its location and how long it is to get to transports are exaggerated, in my opinion. Just outside the motel you have the bus that takes you in less than 2 minutes (seriously) to the EL stop &quot;Bryn Mawr&quot; or directly to Wrigleyville. Mind that with the cheap CTA card you can take bus and metro as much as you want, at no charge. As for the distance between Bryn Mawr and the Heart i'd like to point out that the taxi we took upon arrival, not knowing the actual distance from the motel (just a straight road!), took us around the neighborhood for a while, just to build up on fares.. jackaxxs. Maybe it's the reason why some people complaint so much about the distance.THE ROOM was superclean, the kind of cleaniness that makes you come back tired, after a day of sightseeing, make a shower and go around the room, barefeet. Not bad. The free continental BREAKFAST was another welcome feature. Lots of tasty donuts, fruit, oatmeals, good coffee, and juice. We're italians and wanted exactly this type of food in the morning, just to start you up. Good!The (latin?) woman at the front desk is rather unpolite, not very gentle. But who cares, i mean, in a motel you don't need that much of interaction, anyway.And at the front desk you could also meet the chicagoan guy! I don't know if he runs the motel himself or he just works there but he was really polite and willing to help you. He showed us bus stops, gave us tips on directions and was just a pleasant local to talk to. Kind enough we wanted to say goodbye upon leaving.All in all, we had a great experience at the heart! Definitely a place to look for, if you're travelling on a budget (Chicago hotels can be expensive) and want a very clean, safe, place to crash after a day around. The fact that this review sounds like a pamphlet from the motel should tell you a lot about the experience!	
Aug 5 2009 	Poor Internet Service	I contacted both AAA and the Manager of the Motel on this issue. I recommend that they do not advertise the Wireless Internet until they have their service together. I attended WorkShops during the day and planned to work back at my motel at night. The service frequently cut off Internet Access and I got messages that the Broadband Link was broken, which I did page capture of the &quot;Broken Link&quot; message. I tried to use the Internet early in the morning, with the same result. On my last night's stay, I contacted the front desk and the person on desk suggested that I pull my chair out of the room and sit under the router to get a stronger signal. I did this because I needed to work but of course this did not increase my access. They also suggested that I take my computer to the office. So, I hauled my laptop down to the little lobby (where they said I was only allowed to go) and with the same result--no Internet Access. I was told that there may be Internet Cafes up the street. However, I do not know Chicago well and I did not have a car because we carpooled. However, I was willing to go and find a Cafe but I tried to call out on the hotel phone first to see what Internet Cafes might be open and available and only got a busy signal. My only option was to stay up all night and try to put in work whenever I might per chance get a connection. My hope is that management will take their offer of Free Wireless Internet down until they actually offer a solid service. If you are a business person, who needs to have access to the Internet, please reconsider your motel/hotel options.	
Jul 30 2009 	So so	Not bad....you get what you pay for. After a long day of touring the El stop is a bit of a walk. Front desk staff were the worst I have encountered in a long time, however. Very 70's interiors.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Location for Wrigley	Half the price of any other place near Wrigley! Great 60's neon sign. Free parking!No frills older motel. Stayed for two nights while attending a ball game...would not hesitate to stay again. Clean and comfortable. Loved the pink(ish) bath fixtures. TV channels were just the locals (including WGN) with the digital conversion. On a major street with a fire station nearby so not very quiet, ac helped dampen the noise.We took the bus to the game and walked back to the motel (3 mi). Some nice side streets to run on. This motel was less than half of the price of a couple more places close to the ballpark. I	
Mar 2 2009 	Value for money - would use again	Elderly Motel on a fairly busy Junction in the northern part of Chicago. We used it as a base for a 4 day visit to Chicago and found using the public transport (USD20 for a week ticket) very cost effective. We used the trains and the buses, it would take us about 45 minutes to get into the main city. A 10 minute walk took you to the nearest train station, and another 5 or so to get to the nearest beach. The area just south of the Motel, about a 10-15 minute walk, provides a great selection of places to eat. It felt very safe throughout the area the whole time we spent there. The Motel itself is showing signs of age, but was clean and comfortable. Main negatives were the choice of the noisy air conditioner or the noise of the traffic overnight.	
Jan 12 2009 	Lovethis gem in Andersonville	Great location in Andersonville if you have a car. Free parking, and Ann Sathers and fabulous stores like Scout, Brownstone Antiques, Urbanmart, Brown Elephant, ect few driving blocks down Clark Street. Very basic (but does a movie channel) and very clean - no smell, no bugs, could eat off bathroon floors. I have stayed here many many times on personal and business. Never been disappointed. I was in a noisy room once (heater made noise) but they gladly switched me to a different room - no noise, no problem. I always bring a smal fan to drown out hotel/street noise no matter where I travel. But if have a car, very easy ride to Chicago on LakeShore Drive and again, fabulous Andersonville.	
Jan 12 2009 	Reasonable value for Andersonville Rogers Park	A reasonable cost option for a far northside hotel. Free parking, free beakfast, decent rooms, not too noisy. Very convenient to Lake Shore Drive. Straight out Peterson to the Edens.	
Nov 19 2008 	You must read this completly shocked dissapointed!! Terrible experiance.	I had a guest visiting Chicago for the 1st time so I recommended the Hotel. The check-in was no problem friendly older man checked us in, room was nice &amp; clean. Gave his CC checked in for 2 nights &amp; was told a receipt would be given upon checkout. He stayed @ the Hotel the 1st night. The following night we stayed out late so he stayed @ my place. He never returned the following morning to return the key and he didn't get any phone calls from the Hotel, so he assumed they would automaticaly charge him for an extra night. When he returned to the hotel that night he wanted to check in with the front desk before he headed up to the room. When he explained everything to the person @ the front desk. The guy was extremly rude and kept cutting him off. Basically he told him that he was going to be charged for the 2 nights and $15 for a new key since he didn't hand it over @ checkout time. When my friend said he was returning the key &amp; would like to check in again, he was told in a terrible tone of voice that, his room was already taken by another guest &amp; that there was no vacancy there for him that he had to go some where else. My friend said he was very upset but didn't want to start any trouble although it seemed that that is what the front desk clerk was trying to start up with him. So he asked if he could get his receipt @ which the F.Desk person (a guy with a strong accent) replied, with even worst temper and physical movement, by basically backing him out of the door telling him he wasn't going to speak to him anymore &amp; he wasn't getting anything from him if he wanted he could call the next day and put in a complaint and finally slammed the door in his face. I wanted to check on my friend to make sure everything went well at the Hotel so I called him an hour afterwards. He told me what had happened and I was truly horrified. He said he didn't want to tell me about it because he didn't want me to feel bad that he had had such a bad experiance happen to him here in Chicago while he was visiting for the first time. He didn't have anywhere to go so he figured he would drive around until the following morning. I immediatly called the Hotel. Now with out exagerating the phone must have rang more that 20 times before it was picked up but I wasn't going to hang up. I was very upset and couldn't believe what had happened. The guy didn't even say the name of the Hotel so I had to ask if this was the Hotel. So I said I had a couple of questions for him in a very pleasant voice. 1st I asked is there any vacancy. @ which he replied yes there are a &quot;FEW ROOMS&quot; available! So I said okay well now I want to ask you another question. @ which he cut me off by saying &quot;why do you have another question I said there are rooms available&quot;. I told him that I heard him the 1st time but it would be nice if he didn't cut me off because it was rude and I still wanted to ask him some other stuff. So I went on to tell him everything my friend told me happened and the whole time he kept cutting me off and tried rasing his voice but then I raised mine and said I wasnt my friend &amp; I wasn't going to let him treat me the way he treated him to which he started saying it was a mistake that he misundurstood, that he never said there was no vacancy basically everything the opposite of what my firend had told me. He finally said to send him back that there was only one room available but he would hold it for 1/2 an hr until he got there(even thought he had told me there were a few when I called but again he said I misunderstood, when I brought it up) . I called my friend, insisted he come over and stay @ my place but he felt bad about everything already so he preffered to go back to the Hotel. Once he arrived the guy apologized and tried to convince him that some how there had been a missunderstanding on my friends side. He even added that he had already spoken to the person that would be there in the morning for check out and that he had explained what had happened and that a discount would be offered to him as an apology. The best part yet came when my friend finally came to the checkout and the same guy was downstairs and basically said there is no discount, call if you want to put a complaint and kicked him out all over again. I didn't find out about this until 2 days after he had left so I went to the Hotel and set a complaint to the person @ the front desk who claimed they were an assistant manager. They heard everything with detail and they apologized and said they would leave a note with my name &amp; # so that the person that runs the place supervisor/Manager could call me back. They promised something would def. be done about it. They also told me while I was there that the room my friend was staying @ didn't have a second lock so the guy shouldn't have checked the room out to someone else while my friend still had another key. They also said they wouldn't put the reason why my name &amp; number was being placed on the board for the Supervisor/Manager to see because if &quot;others&quot; working there found out it was a complaint it might dissaper??? Are they serious!! Aparrently it has happened that someone has complained and yet the complaint filled has just dissapered. I got a phone call 2 days later from someone claiming they where calling to investigate a complaint. They said they were calling from the Hotel, the voice sounded very familiar so I asked who was I speeking to @ which they replied &quot;I'm calling form Heart O Chicago&quot;. I said I know but who am I speaking to what is your name! The guy finally said it was him who I was complaining about and he wanted to know why I was doing it, basically getting all defensive. I told him I wasn't going to speak to him, that I was told someone specificaly would call me from management and I had nothing to explain to him so I hung up. 3 weeks later nothing from no one..... I guess my # and name misteriously dissapered from the Management board. I stopped in last night to ask about what was going on and the person @ the front desk said he didn't know anything and didn't want to get involved he just gave me a card with the Hotels # on it. Aparently there is no way of contacting anyone else like managment thru email or phone. Just by leaving a stupid note on the board that will end up in the garbage before they decide to stop by to see if things are going well. I promise you though if they think this is over they are very wrong.	
Nov 2 2008 	Noisy but clean	Bad location, 10 minute walk from nearest subway station. Paper thin walls. I could hear the people talking next door! Rooms were clean. Much better to stay futher out in a hotel beside a subway.	
Oct 9 2008 	Excellent cheap option!	Arriving in chacago late on a saturday night, thought we would get a hostel to keep it a cheap trip but these fill up quickly in chicago. We stumbled across this as beers were the top of the agenda.very good value at $108 and male receptionist was extremely pleasant and receptive. very helpful when we explained what we were looking for in Chicago and a font of information. One of the best motel signs ive seen. A quaint little pub across the road, worth one.morning breakfast was basic but included cereal, pastries, muffins, fruit, teas coffee and plenty of it, As much as you can carry! (if your on a budget).	
Oct 3 2008 	Skanky skanky skanky	This hotel was dirty and stinky. Not worth $10 a night. We ended up leaving and paying for somewhere else.	
Sep 30 2008 	Great value for the location in Andersonville	Decided to stay here due to it's proximity to a concert venue. We, my girlfriend and I, were pleasantly surprised with the motel and the neighborhood. The parking was abundant and relatively secure. The free continental breakfast was unexpected and wasn't bad: apples, bananas, coffee, orange juice, milk, cereal, donuts and some porridge type stuff. Being that the motel is located in Chicago, the traffic on the street (N Ridge) was constant and noisy at times. Bring earplugs or crank up the heater/AC for some white noise. The rooms were fine. Reading a previous critique of the motel, you may want to keep in mind that loose change on a table or nightstand is a common method of tipping housekeeping. If you don't intend to tip, keep your change out of sight. That's common motel/hotel sense.If you are looking to eat or shop, the next southerly street (1 block) on N Ridge is N Clark. Head south (right) and there are plenty of restaurants, coffee shops, markets and shops within walking distance. For cheap mexican tacos, cheak out the taqueria in the back of the Aguilas America market at 5910 N Clark street. Yummy and cheap...$1.50 each and made before your eyes. Not sure about public transportation. There were plenty of buses and taxis outside the motel though. Last thing, book direct with the motel...it's cheaper. Have fun.	
Jul 9 2008 	Good Motel + Great Price + Nice Neighborhood = Amazing Trip	For the price, the Heart of Chicago is an OUTSTANDING motel. Any complaints I might have -- noisy A/C, slightly cramped shower -- are so small that they are far outweighed by the positives.In a neighborhood where home properties are going for $600,000 to $1.5 million, finding a motel for $110 a night is amazing!The motel lies in the northern part of the Andersonville neighborhood, which is undergoing a revival at the moment. It's a vibrant place populated simultaneously by multi-generation families, 100-year-old hardware stores, and Swedish bakeries, alongside new clothing boutiques, gourmet bistros, and gay &amp; lesbian book stores. It's a fantastic neighborhood.The Heart of Chicago also sits right on the #84 (Peterson) bus route, which will take you directly to the Bryn Mawr Red Line stop in about five minutes. I bought a 7-day unlimited use CTA pass and used it constantly. Downtown, Wrigley, the Navy Pier, the Museum Campus, O'Hare and Midway ... there isn't anywhere in the city that you can't get to with a CTA pass!And the food! Holey moley! The motel lies within a short five to 15 min. walk of Thai, Mexican, Turkish, Swedish, Chinese, Polish, and American restaurants. There's also a White Castle about 50 yards from the motel for those late-night cravings!Love Chicago. Loved the Heart of Chicago. Please glance at the six photos I included. They should give you a good feel for the motel and Andersonville.'Nuff said.	
Jul 7 2008 	Beware!!	I was supposed to stay here in June 2008, but could not get to Chiacgo because of the summer floods. My transportation was cut off. I called Expedia to cancel my reservation, who contacted the hotel. The hotel told them they would not refund us the money. We had to pay 100% of the room we never stayed in. I have never been to Chicago and was really looking forward to the trip. This was not up to me. If I could have I would have been there!! Where I come from, when there is a natural disaster, people come together and help each other out! This kind of behavior is inexcusable!! I don;t know how these people can sleep at night! Not only did they take my money, but they probably rented the room out out someone else!! So, unless you can afford to throw away over $100, be careful about reserving a room here...you never know what's going to happen....FYI, Expedia felt so bad about it, they gave us a $50 credit. They were very good to deal with and I highly recommend them!!	
Jul 4 2008	Thieving Housekeepers	The Heart O'Chicago is a very basic, OK-located northside Chicago motel at a reasonable price. I was fairly happy with my stay until a large amount of change (which added up to a reasonable amount of money) was blatantly stolen from my room by housekeeping. I notified management who said it was none of their business and to bring it up with housekeeping myself the next day. What an unbelivably rude and inappropriate attitude!It's not the money itself that bothers me but the fact that housekeeping knows they can get away with violating your personal space by taking what they want from your property because management obviously doesn't care if they do so. I don't care how cheap a motel is, this kind of behaviour is just unacceptable. Only stay here if you have everything, including your loose change, under lock and key and/or want to be treated like a sucker.	
Jun 3 2008 	Very good value	Very good for the money. Old but very clean. I would stay there again.	
May 22 2008 	Great for a budget traveller complete with kitschy sign!	I used to live in Chicago and always was intrigued by this hotel when I drove by it, mostly due to the big cheesy sign (which I love). I was back in town to do some work and, although I usually stay with friends, I decided to get a hotel for a couple of nights. Since I was using my grant money, I wanted to save on costs so that I can use the money for other things. I read the reviews on here and decided to give the Heart a try. I was not disappointed! I got a large spacious room for less than $90 a night! It is clean, has FREE wireless, and a free breakfast (although the food choices are limited, can't complain about the price!). As a former resident of the city, I can say the location, while not ideal for getting downtown, is very good, especially if you enjoy the neighbourhoods of Chicago, rather than the downtown core. Andersonville is within walking distance, which is a great neighbourhood. Also, the Clark bus (#22) is one block away and this bus will zoom you down to Wrigleyville/Lakeview/Lincoln Park quite easily, or even downtown. Although, if you're heading to Michigan Ave, I would catch the #84 to Bryn Mawr station and take the red line downtown. Essentially, this is a great deal and you will not be disappointed, especially if you like retro things!	
May 16 2008 	Nothing Fancy But Good Value	Stayed here April 28th &amp; 29th '08 and felt it was decent value for the money. The towels provided excellent exfoliation whether you wanted it or not, and the continental breakfast was pretty sparse, but the rooms were clean, housekeeping quite adequate, good restaurants close by and it was easy to navigate to the Lakeshore and downtown. Free parking too! Nothing fancy, but for well under $100 a night, great spot!	
Mar 20 2008 	Chicago on a Budget? Here's a GEM.	My best friend &amp; I were going to visit Chicago for a long weekend. We'd hoped to stay closer to the Loop, but the prices were light-years out of our range. Heart O Chicago turned out to be absolutely perfect for us. I was worried about the distance from downtown, since we didn't have a car; but Andersonville is a fantastic little village in itself, with plenty of restaurant, cafe, bakery &amp; bar options (head south on Clark St, barely 2 blocks from the motel). The red line El is about a 10-15 minute walk away, so we used that to get to the Loop with no problem (the bus system is also efficient). The motel was clean, warm, easy to find; breakfast was a delightful surprise; everyone was friendly &amp; helpful. I would guess that a single traveler could get from the bright lights of Clark St to their room safely after dark, although I don't know Chicago well enough to say for sure -- but the area didn't seem shifty to me. I should add that I'm a &quot;roughing-it&quot; sort of traveler &amp; don't need the amenities offered by a grand luxury hotel. If you're looking for a comfortable base, this motel is a terrific deal. It was nice to get away from the cookie-cutter monotony of the usual budget chain motel. And if you like retro Americana, they have a superb neon sign!	
Nov 27 2007 	A delightful surprise	I work for a major hotel brand and due a large convention in the city for the T Giving weekend I had to find an alternate accomodation. While I must admit a non brand hotel would be my last choice, I gave it a shot based on reviews. I must say that I was very impressed. While the rooms are not as modern as most newer hotels, I must say that it was exceptionally clean!! As I work in hotels I did a thorough inspection and did not find a hair, dust, anything. The housekeeping staff does a great job. Everything worked properly in the room but the only drawback as my TV did not have a remote, that is a necessity now days. The heating system was very good , little loud but still great. One thing that really impressed me with this hotel was that as a small hotel they had complimentary WiFi in all of the rooms. This is a great feature most big hotels dont even have this convenience. I will be back in Chicago many times over the next year for pleasure trips and I am going to skip my own brand just for the convenience of this location for my needs and for the comfort and service I received. This hotel, while small has definately got a Heart to insure guest comfort!!!	
Nov 15 2007 	Heart of Chicago - Great Price 	We recently spent a weekend in Chicago and, through Trip Advisor reviews, found the Heart of Chicago Motel. The first attraction was the price, $69 for a one bed double, complimentary continental breakfast and FREE parking. What a bargain! Our room was clean and comfortable. Due to traffic, we arrived at 8:30 pm without dinner. We asked the front desk for a nearby restaurant. He told us to go 2 blocks to Clark St, hang a right and go another 4 blocks. Since we had been in the car all day I asked if it was safe for us to walk over there. No problem, this is a residential area. We set off on foot and came across Andersonville, a lovely neighborhood area with an eclectic mix of shops, ethnic restaurants and bakeries. After some exploring, we selected a Thai restaurant for a tasty dinner and great service. We felt totally safe walking around the area and back to our hotel. My husband's weekend seminar was on Lake Shore Drive near Navy Pier. The Heart of Chicago is north of downtown and it was an easy drive to get him to his seminar. For me, I skipped downtown shopping and explored Clark St, driving south from our hotel towards downtown. I came across many great neighborhood pockets to explore. The only downside to the hotel is that the hotel is on a corner and there is a great deal of traffic going by on the street late into the night. We were aware of it but were still able to get a good night's sleep both nights. A light sleeper might have a problem with it. But then, with all the traffic in Chicago, I am not sure you can get away from this. We would definitely stay at this hotel again and would recommend it to friends.	
Sep 7 2007 	Nice place to stay	My husband and I stayed here primarily because of the reviews on Tripadvisor, and the previous reviews are pretty much right on. I gave this hotel such a high rating because of the value we received.Pluses: Clean! Nice shower and functional bathroom. A roomy place to hang up our clothes. Even though our room was in the front of the hotel, we didn't hear much traffic noise. We felt safe at all times. Drapes that block out the light. A good air conditioner, and the ability to open the front and bathroom window to get a nice cross breeze. A solid continental breakfast with coffee and juice, fruit, rolls, oatmeal and cereal. Ice machine and microwave near the front office, wake-up call service, free parking. A TV with an adequate amount of channels, WiFi service. The guy at the front desk was always really nice. Housekeeping was great, best of all, they came in the afternoon, so we never got bothered by maids wanting to vacuum at 8 in the morning. The Andersonville neighborhood just south of the motel is fun to explore.Access to public transportation, there is a 22 bus that goes downtown, a 50 bus that goes to a metra station, and the CTA red line train station is a 10 minute walk, or there is an 84 bus that goes to that station. Minuses: No hair dryer, shampoo, conditioner or lotion. Just soap. Flat instead of fitted sheets. No alarm clock. Maybe could use a few extra hangers. The furnishings and decor are old style and a bit shabby, which I have to admit I kind of like the old style decor. Somewhat scratchy towels and blankets, although the sheets were soft and everything was clean. Wrigley Field is halfway between this hotel and downtown, don't take the number 22 bus from downtown if there is a Cubs game going on! On the other hand, if you’re in town to see a Cubs game, this would be a good location. This motel is perfect if you're the kind of traveler that likes cleanliness and value, and don't really care about &quot;luxury&quot; type hotels. Thank you, all you Tripadvisor reviewers, who helped us find a great place to stay!	
Aug 6 2007 	Less $$ of Sleeping leaves more $$$$ for Shopping	The internet showed this hotel as being booked so I called them directly. They were able to reserve me a room right away.When we got there we were amazed. I thought since the price was so reasonable and it was in a good area that the place would have been a dump. Now I am no princes so fine dinning and fancy chandalers aren't my thing. But if you want a room that looks like grandma's guest room thats clean and afordable then stay here.The staff is really nice and helpful. There is a cute little country bar accross the street if you want to get trashed and then walk back to your room w/out driving. There is a bus stop about 1 block away that can take you directly downtown or to the CTA . But it is only like 20 min drive. The airconditioners work, good TV with cable and internet. The bathrooms have great shower power and best of all the rooms SMELL CLEAN! Free parking in a lot.The breakfast is good too, Choice of cerial, fruit donuts or muffins. They have good coffee too.We will be staying there again and again. I thinks its the best place to stay in Chicago for the $$. (I have visited Chicago 4 times now all in different area's and different hotels)	
Jul 31 2007 	Safe clean and cheap	My boyfriend and I booked a last minute trip to Chicago after we found a great flight deal. We scrambled around trying to find a decent hotel deal for a prime weekend in the summer. Being budget travelers we were not willing to spend $150 a night on a hotel but were ready to give up until I contacted the Heart O Chicago Motel. We were able to book our 3 night weekend stay for $69 a night!!! I thought it was too good to be true, but it wasn't! The motel is located just north of Andersonville, in a safe, quiet neighborhood. I wouldn't walk around at 3am alone here, but if you use common sense you are fine. The motel rooms were very clean and we felt totally safe here our entire stay. It was so nice to come back to a comfortable room after a long day of sightseeing. The only suggestion I would offer to future customers is to pack your own towels. The towels provided are rough and small. The staff at the desk were very nice and helpful throughout our stay. Breakfast was even provided which was very nice.The motel itself is close to the #22 bus line which will take you all the way into downtown (it is a long ride though). It is about a 15 min walk to Andersonville which has lots of shops and restaurants. Overall, I would definitely stay here again. Especially if I had a car (parking is free!). It is a bit of a long haul into downtown on public transportation, but to save over $100 a night on a room was worth it to us.	
Jul 30 2007	Cheap and Family Friendly	Think of an old motor lodge from your childhood and this is it. Clean, a bit shabby but Free parking (In Chicago- think about that!) Free continental breakfast (included fresh fruit and healthy cereal) Good coffee. I had a quiet, non-smoking room. As a woman traveling alone I felt safe with lots of people staying there and lots of kids. A great bargain!	
Jul 13 2007 	A great place to rest your head and beat the Chicago Hotel Prices!	My wife and I stayed in the Heart O Chicago Motel so we could look for apartments. It was the perfect place to stay for us simply because it had free wireless internet so we could look for apartments online, and a CTA bus stop that is right in front of the motel that takes you directly to the bryn mawr red line stop. There isn't anything special about this place at all other than that it is clean, cheap and a safe place to stay. Also the staff was very nice and helpful. The motel offers probably the best continental breakfast that I've ever had. It consists of dunkin' doughnuts, otis spunkmeyer muffins, orange juice, coffee.... basically as simple as you can get. We both really enjoyed our time hear and it served its purpose.	
Jun 14 2007 	Nice clean retro!	Great little place! Clean, old, but nice for the price! We will go back! Took the Red Line to Addison and the Cubs game and then on to Bryn Mar. There is a bus that runs right by the Motel if you get there before 10 p.m. but they start back up at 6 am! This is how to enjoy Chicago on a budget! We stayed to late at the game and walked to the motel. Not too bad of a neighborhood, nor too long of a walk.	
May 28 2007 	Grateful for previous reviews.	This was our first stay in Chicago. When I was looking for hotels, the prices were unbelievable and some of the reviews for these high price hotels were worse. I am so thankful for the reviews on Heart O'Chicago because I was not disappointed. This two-night stay was great. The motel is retro--yellow everywhere! The breakfast was adequate for us--fresh apples, coffee, and a gigantic muffin. The bed was comfy and everything was clean. We paid $77.00 per night and understand this was a great bargain. We fell in love with Chicago--what a great city--it seems safe and the ride down Lake Shore Drive is priceless. We did the boat tour showing the different buildings and history of Chicago, we toured Moody Bible Institute and the Pacific Gardens Mission. The Millenium Park is beautiful. We were very pleased and hope to return someday.	
Sep 21 2006 	Very good hotel for the price	We just came back from a long weekend in Chicago, spending 3 nights at this hotel. I chose this hotel from the reviews on this board. Well, I was not disappointed at all. Actually, it went beyond my expectation. When I called to book the room, I asked for the one upstairs away from the street. I got room 206. I did not hear any street sound at night. What surprised me was that they changed my bed sheets and pillow cases everyday. There was no need for that for the price of $74 a night but I did not complain. The room was very clean, no smell even though it is not a brand new hotel. We felt safe walking around at night. Clark Street is a very busy thoroughfare. We got 3-day pass and it was worth the $12 we paid for. We used it from Midway to the hotel and the whole weekend on all our transportation needs.	
Jun 21 2006	Worth the cash	For the past five years I have gone to the Taste of Chicago and stayed at this hotel with NO problems. Its nice, safe and above all its CLEAN. It offers a simple place for you to rest your head where you dont have to worry about someone breaking into your car at night. The overnight check in is located at the one and only entry/exit so they keep an eye on everything going on. Book early the rooms fill up quickly.	
Jun 20 2006	Can't beat the price	We stayed in this motel in July 2005, at the peak of the busy travel season in the US. When we booked the motel, we read other Trip Advisor reviews and were expecting a no-frills but clean and decent motel at a great price. That's exactly what we got. I gave it 4 stars not because of how fabulous it is, but because it is a fabulous value. Sure, the place is dated and is nothing fancy; sure, you get a single dougnut for your 'continental breakfast.' But if you would rather save a few bucks and use it for the rest of your trip, it's well worth a stay at the Heart. One point worth mentioning - I'm not so sure this place would have been as convenient if we weren't driving a car. It is NOT downtown proper, and although there is of course public transportation, it's not always the most convenient option. Bottom line: if we had a car in Chicago next time we visit we would stay here again, but if we were on foot, we might look elsewhere.	
Apr 16 2006	Very Retro Very Clean Very Affordable and Very Handicapt Accesible	I'm a wheelchaired patron and I found this hotel uniquely accessable given it's size and age. I have personally written to the ADA commenting on how well they caitered to my needs. The rates were reasonable, and the retro atmosphere kept me amused between the nights.	
Apr 3 2006	Would not recommend	We stayed at this MOTEL for 3 nights March 2006. We paid $72.00 per night. We did not have a car as we flew in and used public transportation (bus, subway, taxi) during our stay. If you are using only public transportation and want to leave the hotel, I would NOT recommend this MOTEL. We took the bus on the corner and it took a minumum of 45 up to 1 and half hours to reach downtown and then back again. Too much time on bus. It is a motel the room you enter from outside of the building. I can not express how loud it is inside the room during sleeping hours. MOTEL is on busy intersection lots of sirens, horns, and car noises. BRING earplugs. The room is clean, cleaned daily, friendly staff, and donuts and instant coffee offered each morning. We were out a lot at night and didn't have any safety problems. I WOULD NOT STAY HERE AGAIN.	
Feb 27 2006	Good Price- get up with the times....get internet access (at least dial-up)	Nice and clean motel. But for business travelers, your not up to current trends like something simple as Internet Access. Not even Dial-Up!! Please get with the times. I have to go to a cafe to do work on the internet.	
Dec 30 2005	What a bargain!	We read all the reviews in the various websites (also found this in Frommer's Budget travel magazine).It's 9 miles north of downtown, but we were driving so it was perfect for us. Cheap, clean, and Krispy Kremes for breakfast! I had read in a few place that the traffic was noisy, so we asked for an upstairs room back in a corner away from the streets, so no problems there. Good bargain!	
Mar 8 2005	My Favorite Chicago Secret!	I hesitate to even write a review of the Heart O' Chicago because I don't want anyone else to know about it!! I've stayed there at least a couple times a year for the past 6+ years. The motel is very basic, but it is decently maintained, clean and the staff are friendly and even remembered my name after a year's absence!While I would prefer to stay directly in Boystown, the prices and availability there are ridiculous...so I remain at the Heart! And don't forget, El Norte' is only a short 10 minute walk away and is open 24 hours on Friday and Saturday! It is a safe neighborhood that I have never hesitated to walk or bike through...and the Lakeshore bike path is only a 10 minute thrilling street ride away!	
Mar 2 2005	Love the Heart	It is a motel but it is clean and the help is very friendly so I give it an above average rating. We stay there everytime we go to Chicago. We would rather spend our money on food and fun than an overpriced room in Downtown Chicago.	
Nov 12 2004	Great value	Excellent value, did not feel unsafe in the area at all. Bus #22 runs downtown 24hrs and takes around 30 minutes. Free coffee and donuts for breakfast, rooms are clean and well kept.	
Jul 20 2004	clean comfortable motel on a noisy corner	Bring earplugs! Also if you are the least bit sensitive to cigarette smoke, try to inspect a room before you pay for one. You might find an ashtray in your &quot;non-smoking&quot; room. Bearing this in mind, the motel is $65/night and is not in a bad neighborhood. Beds are soft and very comfortable. The place is a small 60's retro motor inn but is very lovingly kept up. They were repainting below the outside windows the last time I visited. Rooms have the decor of grandma's &quot;rec room&quot; but the place is a bargain for the price. The parking lot provides a nice echo chamber which amplifies the sound of cars, trucks and assorted horns and sirens. But again, a pair of earplugs will make everything quiet.	
Jun 16 2004	Beat it!	Unless they move this place about 5 miles south, they should change the name. I am a white male and felt out of place, uncomfortable, and not safe in this neighborhood. There is a White Castle practically next door. The walk to the el is about a quarter of a mile through a seedy rundown part of town. I wouldn't even think of staying here again.	
Jun 10 2004	Best value in Chi-town!	This motel is perfect for a single woman traveling alone. Free contnental breakfast, clean, safe room, VERY reasonably priced, easily accessible location. The staff is professional and friendly, and provide a free 'welcome packet' with brochures, maps, and tourist information. I stayed at a pricey downtown hotel the first time I came to Chicago and it was filthy. After I found Heart of Chicago I never went back to the overpriced downtown hotels again. Best value in Chi-town! 	
Jan 19 2004	A basic good place for the price	Just read a review from another Indy person. I've stayed at this motel for nearly 20 years. If you want a very reasonable place to stay, cleanliness and an overnight stay, it's all you need. Granted the decor is a bit dated, but I've stayed in other hotels in Chicago that costs me 3 times the amount and not nearly as clean or affordable. Free parking, juice/coffee/donuts in the morning. I've become well known to the staff and Don is very accomodating in the evenings for information. Book the room, take the train nearby or bus, or even drive and park and you'll have more money for shopping or bar hopping!	
Jul 23 2003	best value in Chicago	I have stayed at the Heart o' Chicago a number of times over the past eight years or so, and no longer stay anywhere else unless it is unavailable. It is a great value--inexpensive, clean, safe, with very friendly and competent people. The location is not close to downtown, but there is great bus service (#22, Clark Street) and the red line is not a bad walk. Easy access by red line to Wrigley, Commiskey, Downtown, Chinatown, etc., etc. Clark street offers a great variety of restaurants in both directions and I have never felt unsafe in the neighborhood. I have had a good experience at the Heart o' Chicago every time and am about to reserve a room for another weekend trip from Indianapolis via Amtrak.	
