Oct 13 2008 	the worst hotel i have ever attempted to stay in.	This &quot;hotel&quot; is a complete and utter failure. I used to live near this hotel, in Andersonville, so I knew the location was not that bad. I had tickets to a concert and it happened to be the weekend of the marathon, so when i was trying to make hotel reservations, all the other hotels had a three-night minimum. This was all I could really find. When we arrived, I realized it was going to be a bit seedy. When we got our keys, we went to the room only to find the door open a few inches. I immediately went back to the office and said I wasn't going in. The guy said to check the closets and he would be right there if I needed him. (!!!) I wanted my money back that instant, but thought I should just suck it up. We went in to find the room empty, thankfully, but in complete disrepair. Scuffs and stains all over the walls and everything else; it was a scene from a B-movie to say the least, and not worth a damn penny of the $80 they were asking. There were multiple other events/problems that led to me getting a refund even though the sign in the office said: &quot;No Refunds.&quot; We did not stay to sleep in the surely disease-infested beds.	
Jul 14 2008 	It is what it is	My normal stop Heart of Chicago Motel was booked so a friend of mine said people he knew said this place was ok. and it was O k. Not A ok but just Ok.Our room was not dirty and nasty as another reviewer said.. but they are in a very Old slightly disrepaired state..... but clean enough.My largest concern is the neighborhood. Although in transition upward.... In the block area next to the property there are a noticable amount of what appear to be mentally challenged people. talking to themselves,batting at the air, pacing etc... In chatting with a neighborhood resident while asking for directions he informed me that there are currently residences in the area that house released mental patients and that as long as they're on their meds they're fine...I would say that for a group of guys wanting cheap stay and convienent area this place is fine... its a 12 min walk to andersonville, a 5min walk to Berwin El Stop and a 10 min walk to Foster Beach so there are lots of plusses too.... Just not a place you'd want to stay with kids in tow...	
Feb 19 2008 	The worst.	Unbelievably dirty, smelly rooms, with torn, worn out furniture. Rude staff. It is NOT worth the price, even in Chicago.	
Oct 31 2007 	horrible	writing on the walls, refrigerator didn't work, door barely closed, staff not helpful at all, overall, a miserable experience. Would not recommend or come back.	
Sep 11 2007 	Free Parking! Great Value	Stayed there for the 2nd time - It's not the Ritz, but it's a great value for Chicago. The rooms were clean, service was friendly. The location is convenient to the EL	
