	surprising we must read.	I am a traveler and I enjoy staying with good hotels , but first I always check the reviews and what people have to say about the location I am willing to check in with. In Chicago (our favorite city) we usually stay at the Palmer house ( Hilton ) , Hilton Garden inn, Conrad, Chicago Hilton or Marriott on Michigan Ave. Our destination is always the Magnificent mile especially the closest to Michigan Ave. So far, we found out that the best hotel in Chicago is and still the Conrad on Rush street ( off Grand and Michigan ). But, this time of the year and during the thxgiving break we all spend it in Chigo every year, we couldn't get the rate we wanted, except when we went on BOOKING.COM and we found a good deal to stay with Comfort suites on 320 N. Michigan Ave. WOW, and WOW, we were really surprised. Small lobby, yes , but the room is spacious, it is long more than it is wide, unbelievably clean, ( that's what I also saw in the reviews before our stay), very good help there, they are trying hard to accomodate all their customers, not bad as customer service at all, what we are surprised about is the room. Big room and actually I must say they are all suites, with even washers and dryers inside the suite. Great value, good hotel, clean, mostly all suites with view of the river and Michigan Avenue. My wife agreed with me to stay with them always from now on. We are going back there after Christmas. We loved it, and I advice you to go ahead and make your plan to Chicago and give them your business. Honestly it is close to everything, few blocks from the Water Tower, and close to nort grant parking deck underground.	
Nov 24 2009 	Great Views	Huge rooms with amazing views. Ask for an &quot;05&quot; room if you want to see the north side of Michigan Avenue.	
Nov 23 2009 	Perfect Location for the Festival of the Lights	We stayed at the Comfort Suites during the Festival of the Lights on Michigan Avenue. We chose this spot because of the closeness to the events. Our suite, which was huge, had a patio with the most amazing view! It allowed us to avoid fighting the crowds because we could watch the parade from the comfort of our balcony. The service was friendly and prompt, and the beds were comfortable. Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel. We will be returning.	
Nov 18 2009 	Great hotel great location	Our room was huge with a kitchen area. We were only here for 1 evening but would highly recommend this hotel for an exteneded stay. We were delighted with the continental breakfast, a very pleasant surprise. We stayed on upper floor that had a great view. The staff was friendly and helpful.	
Nov 16 2009 	Excellent spacious hotel for a great price	For the price that we paid for a suite ($104.00...Manager's Special) we were absolutely thrilled with this hotel. We have two small children and were looking for a reasonably priced suite and were pleasantly surprised. Great location, free breakfast, huge rooms, fully equipped kitchen, extremely comfortable beds and updated features. Parking is pricey so we parked a couple blocks away for almost 1/2 the price of valet and unloading the car around the corner was a little tough as you can't unload on Michigan Ave. Computer connection is a little slow but there are computers available for you to use. If you can get a price like this, I would recommend the Comfort Suites in a heartbeat.	
Nov 15 2009 	Nice location good size rooms not my favorite hotel on Michigan Ave.	The location of this hotel is good. It is a short walk across the river to the main shopping area. We weren't able to hear noise from other guests in the hotel, but even though we were on the 13th floor, we could hear a lot of noise from cars and people on the street. The rooms are large, nice kitchen, lots of closets, washer and dryer. The bathtub had some chips out of it. I wouldn't let my daughter take a bath in the tub. One of the elevators stopped working on Sunday morning. I walked up and down the stairs several times trying to get the stuff out of our room to check-out. It was a major inconvience.	
Nov 14 2009 	Great location fabulous rooms free breakfast - loved our stay!	I loved this hotel!! It was great to be able to relax in a large lovely well decorated suite that had a seperate living and bedroom, and a good sized kitchen and bathroom. They must have different sized rooms however, as a couple we talked to were saying how small theirs was.The washing machine and dryer in the bedroom were a huge bonus. Free breakfast, and yes the room was kindof small (around 6 tables) but nothing to stop people taking the breakfast up to their lovely rooms. Yes there are 2 elevators, but we didn't mind waiting a minute or so.2 computers near the lobby with free internet, which was great. Staff were very helpful, and recommended an Irish Pub for dinner and had a coupon for a free appetizer. Fabulous location! Right near the start of the magnificant mile, with fantastic views of the river and gorgeous architecture.Would definately stay here again. Thank you Comfort Suites!	
Nov 10 2009 	Great location large room w/ kitchen low rate internet not working	Plusses: Newly remodeled hotel in a GREAT location 1 block south of the river. Perfect for Architectural river cruises, Millenium Park, etc. Full kitchen, nice beds, had a seperate living room and bedroom. Minuses: While we were there, the internet connection was not working although they had 2 computers with a printer downstairs that could be used for checking email and getting directions. Elevator waits can be long.Got a great Travelzoo rate. Less than $100., including breakfast, is unheard of for this part of town. I would highly recommend it, but don't drive. Parking can be 25 to 50% of your room rate.	
Nov 4 2009 	Our experience was very good.......	We had a suite on an upper floor, everything worked well and the location was great!We hesitated because of some of the reviews, but we lucked out I guess. Our advice would be to ask for what you need; i.e., w/d etc. They obviously have different types of rooms.....	
Oct 25 2009 	Incredible location amazing suite!	I was slightly dubious about this hotel, as it doesn't look that great from the outside. However, I was absolutely amazed when I walked into the suite at how big it was. There was an enormous living room, with views in both directions of Michigan Avenue, a kitchen area, with crockery, cutlery and glasses, a cooker, microwave and toaster. The bed was incredibly comfy, and the bathroom, while rather small, was absolutely fine. For what I paid (£85 per night) I thought this was an amazing deal, and it was so nice to be able to cook rather than trying to find somewhere to eat out (a bit of a challenge in Chicago as I'm a vegetarian).A few negatives: It's great that there's PCs, which helped with getting my boarding pass sorted out. However, there really should be wireless internet throughout the hotel, rather than just in the lobby area and breakfast room. other reviewers are right that the breakfast room is ridiculously small. I just got what I wanted and came back up to my room - but not having wireless internet meant I wasted time hanging around downstairs rather than eating breakfast while working out what to do for that day.There are only two lifts, and they are very very slow. My suite didn't have a washer dryer, and that would have been really handy.There's coffee and tea provided, which is great, but the milk is that nasty non-dairy creamer.However, overall this is a really good deal in an unbeatable location. I'll definitely be staying here again!	
Oct 20 2009 	Great for family not for business.	After such glowing reviews, my expectations were high. And, it WAS a really great hotel in the perfect location. Also, not as pricey as most hotels on Michigan Ave (but still, $250/night during the time we were there). Big windows with a great view. Huge rooms. Full kitchen, and even a washer and dryer. It was perfect for our family, who accompanied my husband on a business trip.HOWEVER, there were inconveniences. 1) Internet was mostly broken while there. 2) Our key cards needed to be re-configured at least once -- sometimes twice -- a day. 3) Toilet kept plugging. 4) Breakfast room was quite small. A couple times there just wasn't anywhere to sit and we had to juggle our plates back up to our room to eat. CONCLUSION: Recommended for a family that wants to stay downtown and doesn't mind some inconveniences. Not recommended for a business person. We actually ended up having to check out two days early and go somewhere else because it was crucial that my husband have internet for business while there.	
Oct 9 2009 	Bad Hotel w/ Really BAD attitude - Don't Stay Here!	I am not often compelled to write a review, but I want to save traveler's from thinking this hotel is a good deal when it is NOT, simply based on its location. I travel here often for business and decided to try it once because of the suites. I think a better deal can be found in the area. I guess the older, cramped rooms wouldn't be so bad if the general overall attitude was better. My room wasn't cleaned one day. I couldn't shower one day because the water pressure was down to a drip. Did they care? NOPE! I think they assume they will continue to get business because of the location. Don't fall for it!	
Oct 8 2009 	Graet Location - Large Modern Suite	Great Location right on Mich Ave. 1 block from the River Walk &amp; 3 blocks from Millennium Park, Just at the start of the magnificent mile. This hotel has a small lobby. But the large rooms more them make up for that. The rooms are all good size suites with full kitchens and living room area with modern office space and free Wi-Fi. also a wonderful city view from the higher floors.	
Oct 8 2009 	Huge rooms right in the middle of it all!	Our gorgeous suite was RIGHT in the middle of everything downtown Chicago has to offer - Magnificent Mile shopping, parks (walked to Millennium Park), site seeing (we walked to Sears/Willis Tower and Navy Pier from the hotel), easy access to trains, right on the beautiful river, lots restaurant choices - LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION! With all Chicago has to offer, we didn't want to spend too much time in our hotel...but it was hard to leave this huge suite with a great view. Internet was wired, but reliable (and free). I usually travel with pets (this was a very rare occassion when I didn't) so unfortunately I am not likely stay here again, as it is not a pet-friendly hotel. BUT other than that, this hotel was perfect.	
Sep 20 2009 	Great Location Great Hotel	In fact, as I write this my wife is packing up our things and I am gazing out our window over Michigan Avenue. The view across the bridge past the Wrigley Building is fabulous.The location can't be beat - the shopping district is walking distance, but so is the Art Museum and Milleneum Park . . . that gives them an edge over the Water Tower Place area hotels.Rooms are suites with a Queen and a pull-out full bed. The floor plan is super-spacious, and we had enough room to entertain family and friends after dinnertime. You don't always get what you pay for . . . at this hotel you get that, and a little bit more.	
Sep 18 2009 	What a nice place to stay!	My sister and I checked into the Comfort Suites for four nights to attend a wedding over Labor Day weekend. We did not have a car and relied on public transportation. No problem with this location. The El is about six or so blocks away, and you may want to take a taxi to the hotel if you have heavy luggage. Off site parking is available for a daily rate and is nearby. We like our space as we have traveled together before, so I checked out suite hotels in downtown Chicago. Most were very pricy. Comfort Suites offered the best rates for the four night stay averaging $125.00 per night for a one bedroom suite. The room has a pull out sofa so it can sleep two couples or kids. There are rooms with two queen beds and two separate bedrooms, but they were booked on the Labor Day weekend. We were given a room with a king size separate bedroom and we were not disappointed. First of all the location is superb, everything within walking distance right outside the door, ten minutes to Millennium Park, the Michigan Ave. water taxis and fabulous shopping and good restaurants right on the street outside the hotel. The room was exceptional for the price. A true mini-apartment with full kitchen, washer dryer, ironing board, security safe and separate bedroom with king size bed. The view from the 12th floor encompassed the Chicago river, Trump Tower and the room had corner windows that made the room bright and cheery. The room was spotless, well-stocked with utensils, thick white towels and above average linens. Paper towels and dish soap were provided. The king bed had six luxurious pillows and a beautiful duvet cover over the comfortable bed. Two flat screen T.V.s were in the rooms along with an adequate work space and office chair for business travelers. We had an occasion to call the front desk for small maintenance issues, and the technicians were prompt, courteous and would not even accept our tip's. All in all, the staff was extremely helpful and courteous. The breakfast room was small but seated everyone, the breakfast was about average for this type of property, and the staff worked hard to replenish eggs, waffle batter and juices as they were depleted by the hungry crowd. The fitness center had nice equipment for a quick work out and was stocked with ice and a vending machine. An accessible business center allowed for printing out boarding passes and checking emails, as I did not bring my laptop. We were quite happy during our stay and stocked the room with quick snacks and drinks from the local Walgreens. Since we attended wedding festivities, we did not cook, but the four burner stove and oven, full size dishwasher(the maid even loaded our dishes) and cooking utensils allow for full meal preparation in the room if needed. The room was quiet, we heard no street noise and each floor seems to house only 4 apartments, so long hallways are not an issue. This hotel is excellent for active travelers and families that want a great value, clean and safe environment and like the amenities of a kitchen and separate sleeping area. The bathroom is small but functional and clean, and was stocked with small toiletries. My sister and I could have stayed there for two weeks and felt perfectly comfortable. I rate this property as a great hidden gem amongst Chicago's many competitors for travelers that like the options to prepare a few meals, do a load of laundry and take advantage of the great location to get around with Windy City!	
Aug 26 2009 	Great location...a few inconveniences but worth it	Hotel is in a great location right on magnifincent mile. All suite hotel and rooms were very large with fully equipped kitchen and washer/dryer. Also nicely decorated and clean. Perfect for families. Front desk clerk (seemed like the same girl was always working) was very friendly and helpful. Free breakfast was above average but breakfast room on the small side and pretty crowded but you could grab and go because all rooms have a full kitchen anyway. There were a couple of things that were inconvenient. No hotel parking. If driving you have to park in a public lot a few blocks from hotel. It cost 30 dollars a day and we had to cross Michigan Ave with our luggage because you cannot stop in front of hotel (not really a big deal if you don't gave much stuff). Only two small elevators so on check out day it got hectic. No wireless access in rooms. They do have two computers with printer for public use in lobby. Overall it was a pleasant stay and aside from the self-parking fiasco, it was a nice hotel for the price-$99/night !	
Aug 22 2009 	Great location super clean...all you need	Great hotel, only three months old, all you need in a suite, washer/dryer, fridge/stove/microwave, safe. Great bed. Convient to the shopping, restaurants, etc. would stay here again	
Aug 20 2009 	Perfect Chicago Hotel	This is a true gem. Inexpensive for a big city hotel, $170 for Saturday night, $150 for Sunday night. A great location for Chicago tourist, Its on Michigan Ave between Millenium Park and the shopping district. The room itself was amazing, it was a 2 bedroom suite, there was one room with a king size bed another with a queen size bed, a livingroom, kitchenette, there was a washer and dryer, and 3 TVs. There was plenty of room for 5 of us to get some alone time. But only problem was with the staff. Stephanie(who I never met in person was great on the phone) but when I got there the check in staff was horrible. After she checked us in which took 10minutes because she was talking to another employee about going to school and what career she wanted, she never bothered to tell us where our room was, where the elevators where, or anything about the morning breakfast we had. She was too busy to acknowledge us. Then the next day we asked for directions to the subway they didnt know, you'd think at the hotel they'd know. They gave us some bus directions. Also when we arrive at the city we were kinda lost, so we called with what location we were at , the girl said she didnt know where we were, well we were around the corner, how can you not know where we were when its your job, but especially when we were around the corner. Stephanie needs to work more. There is a parking garage around the coner too. This hotel was great and housekeeping was great. At this point the only negative was the employees at check in. I would stay there again for sure.	
Aug 20 2009 	Worst hotel experience I have ever had--	This hotel is absolute crap. Upon checking in to my room the staf tried to charge me 300 dollars a night for queen sized room, then they held charges of up to 1200 dollars on my American Express...after talking to the unhelpful staff about this problem I decided to call corporate. This whole credit card issue took almost a day and half out of my vacation, and the worst part about it is that I had to do all the leg-work for phone calling and other things like that. It has been a week and 3 days since i checked out of that hotel and the 1200 dollars JUST got released from my card yesterday! The ranking of this hotel out of 190 is not true.	
Aug 16 2009 	Home Away from Home	+ Awesome full kitchen in the room. Walked next door to Walgreens for frozen pizzas.+ Subway is 3 doors down, Walgreens next door, 7-11 around the corner. Everything you need!+HUGE rooms, clean. When we all decided to hang out in one room for a while we very comfortably had 8 people in there with room to spare.+Good breakfast, though it is crowded and we brought our breakfast to the room every day.+ Within blocks of public transport.- Elevators are slow.- Lobby is very small and congested when checking in and out.- It is downtown, so parking is spendy. ($35)	
Aug 14 2009 	A great place to stay in the Windy City	We stayed at the Comfort Suites on Michigan Avenue for two nights. I was impressed with the size and amenities of the 1 bedroom studio. The kitchen came complete with stove, fridge, microwave, toaster, utensils, dishes, etc. The hotel recently opened and it has been nicely decorated. It's a great place to stay, especially for extended stays.There are 4 - 5 rooms per floor. We had a corner room (I believe most rooms are corner rooms), so there were two floor-to-ceiling windows in the living room and one floor-to-ceiling in the bedroom. The views include several other tall buildings, Trump Tower, Willis Tower (f/m/a Sears Tower), and the Chicago River. TI was happy to be able to use the Internet in my room (Ethernet) without an extra charge. All hotels should offer use of the Internet in the room free-of-charge (or hide the price in the cost of the room).The staff was always pleasant and helpful. While in Chicago, we used the water taxi, rented bikes from Millennium Park, ate Chicago style pizza, ate at one of the fine dining restaurants, and saw the Blue Man Group.	
Aug 10 2009 	Great place to stay - superb value!	We stayed in the Comfort Suites at 320 N. Michigan from July 25 - August 2, 2009. Seven of us in a King Suite (mom, dad, children 21, 19, 14, 11, 7). We were more than comfortable in this huge hotel room. Our suite had three televisions, full kitchen, two bathrooms - plenty of space for us all. Positives: - value for the rate (outstanding for the location)- location - N. Michigan and Wacker - close to everything- close to trains and buses- comfort and cleanliness- free breakfast- friendly staffNegatives:- breakfast was not 'gourmet' (but free!!!)- a little tight in the lobby and hallways- parking service is through a contract with the garage across the street - loading/unloading is challenging but doableOverall, this was a perfect place for our family. We would highly recommend this hotel.	
Aug 9 2009 	Very Happy With Our Choice	We stayed at the Comfort Suites in Downtown Chicago right off of Michigan Avenue. Our suite was on the 25th floor and we had a corner unit with views from two sides of our living room! Plenty of room to relax and if you take your bike with you, you will have enough room to store it in one of the several closets.I definitely reccomend this hotel and would stay here again. The location is excellent, the decor is very nice, and the room is very comfy. The hotel staff was very nice and helpful. The breakfast bar was decent. The scrambled eggs weren't that good and the sausage links were pretty hard, but the typical items (muffins, bagels, waffles, cereal, juice, and coffee were very good.)What I enjoyed - the amount of space and the feeling that I had a one bedroom studio apartment overlooking downtown; free internet connection; plenty of room to store clothes and other personal items; really comfy bedding; large apartment-sized refrigerator; clean and tasteful decor; carpet was soft to walk on with bare feet; they had plenty of dishes and utensils available and even dish soap; We stayed for 2 nights, so we didn't take advantage of all the amenities in the room. We didn't use the 4-burner stove, microwave, dishwasher, sink, or toaster. But we did use the refrigerator and cupboards to store some of our groceries. What made it nice was that there was more than enough space that you didn't have to look at any luggage or other personal belongings just sitting around; you could find a place for everything so it made it feel more like a condo or an apartment. Knowing all of the amentities that are available, I would definetly consider this hotel over others for any long stays in the city.What I enjoyed least - When I entered the room, I noticed a certain smell to it. I've smelled that scent before and it's like a chemical spray that they use to deorderize. I don't really care for that smell, but I could live with it.Interesting items - you can crank open the windows; the washer and dryer are in your bedroom, there is a coat closet in the living room, there is a huge storage closet between the bathroom and kitchen where the hot water tank is at, you have a double door closet in the bedroom, there are two plasma tv's (one in the living room and the second on your bedroom wall); and there are enough cupboards in the kitchen if you bring groceries.	
Aug 9 2009 	Great Choice for Us	The hotel was a great choice for us. My 15 year old son and I stayed here for three nights the beginning of August. The room was huge with 2 queen beds that were extremely soft and comfortable, complete kitchen with fridge, microwave and dishwasher. Plates, silverware, and glasses also furnished. Everything was immaculate in the room. The bathroom itself is small, but the sink was outside the tub/toilet area so that helped. Washer and Dryer were located near the bathroom. We had no problems with getting the elevators when needed. I only had to wait one time in the morning when people were checking out and had lots of luggage. The breakfast was typical hotel breakfast - muffins, bagels, cereal, but included fresh fruit and make-your-own waffles. The eggs and ham or bacon each day were okay - not great, but the food was free. There usually was a crowd by 9:00. But there was always plenty of food available. My son and I both liked being able to check our email and even though there were only two computers, we didn't have any problems getting onto the computers once or twice a day. You can't beat the location - easily accessible to everywhere. I walked towards Lake Michigan on Wacker Drive and had a perfect view of the fireworks and no crowd on Wednesday night. The staff were friendly and helpful with any questions that I had for them. They held our luggage when we arrived early - 7:00 in the morning and kept our luggage until 7:30 the night we checked out.	
Aug 4 2009 	Great Deal but Watch Out	The number one thing most customers need to understand about this hotel is the parking situation. The parking garage is located across the street and down the street. You cannot load and unload in front of the hotel. There are only two carts in the whole hotel to load your luggage on. If you don't like B-grade breakfast, you won't like their &quot;savory start&quot; breakfast; but if you don't mind B-grade food, it's not bad. The rooms are great. They're nice and new. Everything is very clean. Bathrooms are very small. The hotel staff was always very friendly and helpful. Internet worked right away. Hotel entrance will be a pain if you have a lot of luggage. Pull out sofa bed isn't very comfy, but better than the floor, I suppose. If you can get this hotel off of Travelzoo or Hotwire for $89/night like I did, it will be a really great deal. Most hotels in this location go for double that. Beds are very comfortable and nice.	
Jul 31 2009 	Stairmaster Deluxe	All of what is said below is true! Wonderful location and rooms. I liked having a separate bedroom, living space, kitchen amenities, and laundry area. This building is 26 stories high with only 4-5 rooms per floor. It's tiny footprint leaves a very congested first floor, with guests squeezing by each other in the cramped hallways. Due to the number of floors and guests, working elevators were a necessity. Unfortunately, one quit operating midway through our stay. The nine flight trip down the stairs was fine, but going up was difficult for those with health issues.	
Jul 29 2009 	Comfy hotel in a great location.	I really liked this hotel. It was clean, the bed was very comfortable and because there are only 4 rooms per floor and has a separate bedroom I never heard a thing at night. I slept like a baby.The location can't be beat. It's right next to the Chicago River on North Michigan Ave. A less than 5 min. walk to Millenium Pk or the shops in the loop one way and less than 5 mins the other way to the Magnificent Mile. We never had to take a cab or public transit the entire time we were there.I loved the fact that there were 2 computers and a printer for anyone to use (no charge, so you can print out your boarding passes). There is also wired internet available in the room for those with a laptop.The breakfast room was small and plain, but the food was free so no complaints here. I would definitely stay here again.	
Jul 29 2009 	Good room great location nothing fancy	I stayed there July 27-29, 2009. Overall, I'm very satisfied. I was in a king room suite, so there was a full kitchen (even microwave &amp; dishwasher) and a good size refrigerator, like you'd find in an apartment. Kitchen was immaculate, as were all the dishes and the pots, pans, and other equipment. Very convenient for making breakfast &amp; lunch &amp; reheating leftovers.PLUSES: Great location on Michigan Ave. Room was neat, not fancy, but even had lots of drawer &amp; closet space, not to mention the full kitchen and decent couch. Air conditioning worked great, kept the place very cool, although it's a little noisy (but in the living room, so you don't hear it when you're sleeping in the bedroom). Didn't use the washer/dryer, but good to have. On the same block there's a Walgreens drugstore, and also a Subway and Chipotle restaurant--very convenient. Both flatscreen TVs were great, and I was even able to hook up my laptop to watch DVDs, AND adjust the picture format so it wasn't distorted. Room was cleaned well every day, all towels replaced. Staff was friendly. Location (besides being right on Michigan Ave, although south of the river and the fancy shopping) was only about 4 blocks from Millennium Park, a great place to hang out and people-watch, and lots of stuff to see if you have kids. FREE internet access in the rooms, although wired, not wifi.MINUSES: Bed mattress &amp; pillows were WAY too soft. Walls are thin--could hear any conversation in the hall, or toilet flushing next door. But it wasn't noisy overall. View was lousy, and I was on the 14th floor. Hallways DO have that musty, old building smell, and the hotel services are minimal. The refrigerator doesn't make ice, and no trays are provided. There's an ice bucket, but to fill it you need to visit the &quot;breakfast room&quot; on the ground floor--it's the only place with ice. No real lobby to speak of--a few chairs and a reception desk. Not a place to hang around or meet anyone. Also, I never got the USA TODAY delivered to my door, as promised.SUGGESTIONS: If you want to stock the kitchen, find the Bockwinkel's grocery that's about 3 blocks away. Great selection of everything. If you want a decent breakfast, make it yourself or go out. The free one at the hotel was horrible--powdered eggs, bad OJ--they even made bacon inedible.Overall, I was satisfied. Don't have 4-star expectations of the place. But it's clean, the rooms are very functional and attractive with all-new furniture and appliances, and the location is excellent.	
Jul 27 2009 	excellent value!	First of all, make sure are looking at the right hotel...this is pretty new and I think some of the the reviews are mixing up hotels...this is right on Michigan Ave. 1 block from the river near the Tribune and I think the new Trump building.We booked the cheapest room-no bedrooms, but it was huge...two queen beds, full kitchen, washer and dryer and a huge walk- in closet. This must be a refurbished apt. building? Chipotle, Subway next door. Parking ramp across the steet, Hard Rock nearby.No pool, no Wifi, no good place to pull up to drop off bags, slow elevators, and there are only two for 26 floors. Great location for walking everywhere, good price, very good value...includes hot breakfast, but if you have kids, don't wait untl 9:30am to go down...too crowded...go down earlier and bring your food up! There is a microwave and I think a toaster in your room so you can easily re-heat on real dishes.Super comfortable beds and feather pillows, decorated very nicely and all brand new!	
Jul 25 2009 	good location large room	The hotel is right on Michigan Ave. near the museums, piers and the city park. It's easy to walk to many tourist attractions. The 2bd suite that we stayed in was HUGE, and the price was very reasonable. The suite has full kitchen, 2 bathrooms, and washer and dryer, it's very comfortable and convenient, and very clean. Staff friendliness and competence varied, but overall reasonable. Breakfast buffet was nothing special but adequate. The downside includes parking (had to park at the nearby garage and walk to the hotel), loading and unloading luggage (because parking was not allowed in front of the hotel and there was no bell service), and the internet connection can be flaky. But overall it was a good choice.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great Location	Cant beat the location. Newer, large rooms- very clean. Lots of fast food nearby. Our double queen room had a full kitchen, although we never used it. It even had a washer and dryer. Sunday breakfast was typical low end free buffet. Monday's buffet added scrambled eggs and bacon. We paid $155 through travelzoo.com. A great value for the location. I will return to this hotel if I can get a similar rate.	
Jul 20 2009 	Good - but not great	We stayed 5 nights. On the plus side- large size rooms, full kitchen, free wired internet, and a very good location.On the negative - as others have mentioned - the elevators were a problem. On several days, only one of two elevators were working during the day. Also, the staff use the elevators and can take up a lot of space in smallish elevators. Second - while there was breakfast- it was lack luster - semi-frozen danish &amp; luke warm eggs (but the waffle maker worked fine). Finally - house keeping needs to do better job in some aspects. The rooms were kept clean, but some days the stuff for the kitchen (towels, sponge, etc) were there and other days they were not.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great Location but not a great hotel!	I booked this room under a grand opening special rate... grand opening?! This was by no means a new hotel, probably just new ownership. Very misleading! The stairways are very narrow and creepy. There are only 2 elevators (when they were both running) which leaves anyone on a higher floor waiting between 5-10 minutes for one. (15-20 mins. if only 1 was running and they were usually full.)  When we first got there, they gave us a horrible room on the 2nd floor that didn't even have a room number on it - it said Employees Only! This room had a beautiful view of cement and an air conditioner or furnace. Not exactly the view we were looking for. we complained and they moved us to the 22nd floor where the view was very nice. The room was spacious but the bathroom was horrible. The bathtub was stained and old with the stucco ceiling eroding aound it. The toilet looked like it belonged in a gas staton, it was also stained and old. (again....NEW hotel?) The rest of the room was nice though. Staff was nice, breakfast not so much. Overall, if you don't plan on spending much time in the hotel, it's fine if you get it on special, otherwise, spend the extra and get a better hotel that actually has a lobby, working elevators and hallways that don't stink. I give it a 2.5 out of 5.	
Jul 16 2009 	Very satisfactory experience!	We traded our 4-star hotel deal for this location and weren't disappointed. Breakfast is the usual Comfort experience, the lobby is ho-hum, and the bathrooms are small. However, the location is perfect: close to the Loop and Mag Mile, right on Michigan Ave., bus stops just steps away, and many attractions within walking distance. We bought a CTA pass and went everywhere we wanted to go with no problems. Rooms are clean, and staff is helpful. The best part of all was the view from our unit. It overlooked the river toward Mag Mile with the Chicago Tribune and Wrigley Buildings looming in the foreground. Maybe because we booked as Choice Members, we were assigned this great corner location? All &quot;rooms&quot; are actually suites...basically the equivalent of a one-bedroom apt. with living room, kitchen, washer and dryer. Our only complaint was a non-funtioning air conditioner. Management was responsive and sent a maintenance man immediately to repair it. However, the compressor continued to freeze up. We managed for 24 hours then pressed the issue. That got action! My husband says he'd stay here again in a hearbeat, and he has spent many nights in Chicago hotels while attending trade shows.	
Jul 13 2009 	Excellent hotel; clean comfortable and fantastic location!!	I booked this room using a Travelzoo special and got a rate of $99 per night; however, I would have been equally pleased paying the full rate. The location of this property is exceptional...immediately south of the river on Michican Ave. Within great proximity to all major attractions by foot, or public transportation. There are several different el stops within blocks, and a bus stop one block north and one block south. This hotel could not have a better location!I had a one bedroom, king size bed on the 24th floor; AMAZING views!!! The room was the largest I have had in a big city; it was truly comparable to a one bedroom apartment. Full kitchen, seperate bedroom, living room, bath and office space. Also, two flat panel tvs. And the bed was exceptionally comfortable. Internet access is free, however there is no WI-FI. But, the front desk will gladly give you an ethernet cable to use. We used our computer daily with no problems at all.The free breakfast each morning was very nice--lots of variety. Juices, coffee, fruit, cereal, waffles, bacon, eggs, full size bagels, muffins and pastries...the works! Also, a very nice fitness center with the basics needed for a workout while traveling and a business space to print boarding passes.The staff was also very friendly and helpful; easy to talk to and knowledgeable.I spend very little time in a hotel room when I travel, so value, cleanliness and location are the most important factors to me. Ths hotel delivered wonderfully on all of them. If you have a similar mindset, you will LOVE this hotel. Howver, there is no bellman, fancy lobby or concierge...so if the 5 star amenities are important to you, book elsewhere.Last note: I always like to know what types of casual eateries are just next door to a hotel; there is a Subway, a Chipolte and a Starbucks on the same block. There is an &quot;On the Corner&quot; bakery around the corner, and a Walgreens on the block as well. Everything you could need is a step away.This property made my vacation great! I highly reccommend!!!!!	
Jul 12 2009 	Surprisingly Fantastic	This hotel is so much nicer than expected, although I knew it would be convenient for the sight-seeing I was anticipating. The rooms were huge, there were always lots of fresh towels, it had a complete kitchen, and as a bonus, a washer and dryer close to the bathroom. The hot continental breakfast was varied enough that each morning we had something a little different, but always good. The staff was helpful and friendly, as was everybody we met in Chicago. We had a great time, and felt the hotel stay made everything just about perfect!	
Jul 4 2009 	Great	Just returned from the windy city and stayed at CS, we had the 2 bedroom suite, it was wonderful, I was pleasantly surprised. In the back bedroom there was a bathroom &amp; the front bedroom you also had a bathroom but was not connected to the room. Full kitchen with microwave, fridge/freezer, diswasher, island, dishes, silverware, stove and the list goes on. Island to eat at, pull out full size bed. Out the front of the room you could see Michigan Ave, not far from the water tower. Walgreens on the corner if you should need something &amp; souvenir shops everywhere. Bus drop off/pick up at corner. Great location, very resonable. Stephanie at the desk was wonderful, if she didn't know the answer she would find it until she did. Will defintely return &amp; stay there! The only negative was the breakfast, sausage was rock hard &amp; had to wait to use waffle iron &amp; then ran out of batter :(.....explain that to kids. Had to also wait on eggs &amp; once they came out they were gone again....they also need to clean the windows in the room, a little messy. Very pleased!!	
Jul 2 2009 	nice!	Stayed here on a Travelzoo deal and during the Taste of Chicago. We came from MI City on the South Shore Train as to save on parking fees, which the station is about 23 blocks away. The el train system is also very close 2-4 blocks to several stations. Very good location for our use. 1 block from the river, our room had river views out 2 sets of windows. Also a good view of the new Trump Tower and the intesection of Michigan Ave and Wacker. The room was about as big as you get in Chicago, with new stuff in all the right places, 2 TVs and a washer and dryer.. No frills but very nice and not up tight. Only complants was the tv in the bedroom only got 13 channels, but whos watching tv in the bedroom in downtown Chicago anyways, and also 1 of the 2 elevators didnt work for the first 36 hrs we were there, causing a wait sometimes. Would stay and recommend for the average person not looking for 5 star service but wanting a 4 star room.	
Jul 1 2009 	Loved the room and location!	I traveled with my husband and baby to Chicago for a fun getaway. I chose this hotel because of the great price I found through Travelzoo and the fact that they have a free breakfast. I read a few reviews about this hotel, but since it was so new, there weren't many at the time. We rode the train (which I would recommend to anyone coming into Chicago if you have that choice. Driving and parking in Chicago is crazy and expensive!! The train was so easy, inexpensive, and there is plenty of public transportation available!) in and actually arrived at the hotel at about one o'clock. I wasn't sure that we'd be able to check-in right then because it said online that check-in wasn't until 3. I called prior to our trip to make sure that if we couldn't check-in when we arrived at the hotel, that we could at least leave our luggage there while we walked to have lunch. They have a room where they can hold luggage if you arrive early, but to our surprise, our room was ready and we were able to check-in at one. Our room was great!!!! My husband and I thought that the building must have once been apartments and now it's been transformed into a hotel. Our room was like a little one bedroom apartment. It was so convenient having the kitchen to prepare and rinse bottles for our baby girl. Also, I didn't see this before we came, but they have pack-n'-plays that you can request for no extra charge. Unfortunately I didn't see that before we came, and we lugged our pack-n'-play all the way to Chicago. We really enjoyed the free breakfast. There was a waffle maker, danishes, fruit, coffee, juice, toast, bagels, and there was like a special each morning. We were there for two mornings and on the first morning the special was eggs and bacon, and on the second morning, there were eggs and slices of ham. While at the hotel, we did notice that our air conditioning wasn't working and we called the front desk. They sent someone up promptly and he couldn't fix the problem. They asked us if we would mind changing rooms, since we had stuff strewn about the place (bottles, pack-n'-play, stroller, suitcase, stuff in the bathroom). We didn't mind at all, and they actually were able to move us to a room on the same floor. It was another wonderful, clean, spacious room. As far as location goes for this hotel, it's in a great place. We were able to walk to Navy Pier, the Magnificent Mile, the water tours, and restaurants. We only took a cab once, and that was from the train station to the hotel. We also went across the street and bought a bus pass and rode the bus to the zoo and back. On the last day, we took the bus back to the train station. Public transportation was really easy there. I was a bit apprehensive about it, seeing as though I had never really done that (other than the Disney buses, but that doesn't really count). When we got on the bus, I just asked the driver how to use the pass and he let me know. Each bus driver we encountered was very helpful. And the hotel is in a perfect location to bus stops; they're everywhere around the hotel. The last aspect of this review that I want to comment on was the fact that I felt safe. It was very important to me that we stay somewhere that I felt safe, and in this location, I felt that way. Overall, this review is very long, but I wanted to cover each aspect that I look for when reading other reviews. I loved this hotel and have actually already recommended it and have family staying there soon.	
Jun 21 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	We chose this hotel because of the awesome deal on travelzoo---$89/night---and we were not disappointed.The Room:I was expecting a clean, small, basic room, but was surprised when I walked in to find what was practially a small apartment with updated furnishings. There was a small kitchen with a fridge, dishwasher, small stove, microwave, and sink. There were even dishes in the cabinets. The sitting area was nicely furnished with a couch, small desk, and a flat screen tv. The king size bed in the bedroom was very comfortable, there was a flat screen tv on the wall, and a washer/dryer in the closet. Location:One word---excellent. The hotel is within walking distance of almost everything, and we always felt safe. Now, don't expect any frills here----the continental breakfast is basic, at best, and concierge is helpful but not overly friendly. However, the location, price, and cleanliness of the rooms more than makes up for the lack of luxury. But who really expects luxury at a Comfort Inn &amp; Suites, anyway? For location and price, this hotel won't disappoint.	
Jun 17 2009 	An awesome location and value	Stayed here with friends on a trip to the city and was totally surprised at the quality of the hotel. The location just off Wacker on Michigan is central to so many things. It was so clean and well supplied. Would definitely return.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Hotel in a Great Location...Great Value too!	Just stayed at the Comfort Suites in Chicago, and I must say that I'm pleased with the hotel. We reserved a 2 queen beds bedroom suite and the accomodations were spacious, with ample closet space. The suite had a full kitchen, and comes with all the cookware, dishes, and silverware that you may need should you get the urge to cook. But why would you want to when you're staying in Chicago with all its great food? (The microwave did come in handy though when heating up leftovers for a midnight snack). The only negative was that the bathroom was really small, which was weird because the rest of the suite was large. The suite also comes with a washer and dryer, which is good in case you don't want to pack a lot of clothes and just want to travel with a carry-on (which is what my sister did). Everything in our room was new, the beds, the desk, the flatscreen TV, the rest of the furniture. We also got free internet, but you need to bring an ethernet cable because they don't provide Wi-Fi. The free breakfast was a nice extra. Everything was in good working order, and we didn't experience any problems in our suite. However, my parents were in another room and weren't so lucky...their air conditioner didn't work for 3 nights of our 5 night trip, which made their room an uncomfortable 75 degrees unless they opened the windows. The hotel did offer them a $25/night discount for the inconvenience, though I would have preferred they were given a room change or upgrade right away, instead of waiting a couple of days for maintenance to fix it.The location of the hotel is excellent, right on Michigan Avenue and right by the river. It's also convenient because a Walgreens is right at the corner, where we bought water and some snacks. Also, the bus stops were close by, either in front of the hotel, or around the corner, and we were able to go everywhere through public transportation. Public transit is cheap and very easy to use in Chicago, and you can buy 1, 3, or 7-day bus passes at the CVS pharmacy that is across the street, about a half-block away from the hotel.Also, the front desk staff were very friendly and helpful whenever we had any questions or asked for recommendations, especially Lee...he's awesome and a good resource for what to do in Chicago.The hotel is a great value too! We got a special grand opening rate through Travel Zoo, only $89 per night! Score! But the average nightly rate I've seen for the hotel now are very reasonable too.	
Jun 1 2009 	A nice place to stay	The CS on Michigan is an excellent facility. Our room was on the 8th floor; had a corner suite; only 4 suites per floor. The room was very pleasant with queen bed and sofa bed. The sofa bed had not been used before as the the mattress was still in shrink wrap. The towels were new and plush. The kitchenette was nice. No wireless service so we couldn't use our ipod touch, but made use of free terminals in the lobby. Breakfast was nice with yogurt, an assortment of pastries, muffins, and bagels, eggs and sausage or ham. The location was convenient. Staff were friendly and knowledgeable.	
May 25 2009 	Great big rooms in a tremendous location - will be a gem once they work out the kinks	My family recently stayed at the Comfort Suites on Michigan Avenue in Chicago and had a great time. I can start out, though, with what it’s not. It’s not a 4 star hotel. We stayed at the Swissotel around the corner during our last visit to see our family and there’s definitely a difference in service, amenities, etc. So if you’re the type who has to have fine linens, fluffy towels (though these were pretty impressive for this class of hotel), turndown service and chocolates on your pillow, skip this hotel.But…if you’re traveling with family and looking for a great value and unbelievable space, in an unbeatable location - this is your hotel. We also got an incredible Travelzoo special grand opening rate which made it even better.We had a queen suite with a separate bedroom (though no door) including a flat screen TV. There was also a living room with a pullout sofa, chair, desk, dresser and another flat screen TV. There was a full kitchen: refrigerator, stove, microwave, toaster, dishwasher - the works. The kitchen was outfitted with basic pots, pans, dishes, glassware, flatware, etc. You could actually eat there, though there’s no table and chairs, there is a counter with two stools. Best of all, there’s an in-suite washer and dryer, which was such a novelty that we did laundry every night. We were on a high floor and had a spectacular view up Michigan Avenue over the river; what a bonus.We were there over Memorial Day weekend, just a couple of weeks after they opened, and they were still working out a few kinks, but the front desk staff was so nice and helpful and really tried to fix things as they came up. When we arrived , our room safe in the closet wasn’t working and it was fixed within half an hour. Housekeeping was spotty at best - they didn’t show up until we were back in the room at 4pm the first afternoon and wound up cleaning around us while we got ready to go to dinner. On our last day, they randomly didn’t leave any washcloths. Breakfast and internet access (wired) are included in your room rate, which is nice. But on Memorial Day, we showed up at breakfast at 8:45 and all the hot food was gone already - and breakfast was supposed to go until 10am. All the furniture in the rooms is brand new, which is nice, but clearly everything wasn’t redone. There was a “weird alien handprint” (as dubbed by the 6 year old) on refrigerator - some kind of disturbing red stain. The bathtub had a big sticker covering discoloration in the tub - we decided to steer away from baths for the weekend. There was a mysterious locked closet in the suite which turned out to be storage for towels, as we discovered when we wound up being there with the cleaning crew on Saturday. Though the guy who appeared to be the lead on the crew assured us they wouldn’t come in and out for towels, another woman on the crew let herself in to get some later on. A little unsettling to have your room used for storage, but we put up the Do Not Disturb sign anytime we were actually there and tried not to think about it too much.Parking is a big, big problem in downtown Chicago these days, and the Comfort Suites does not, at this time, have a contract for a garage - though they tell us they are working on it and the website says they do. After spending a fortune on parking the first day, we found an outside lot around the corner between the Corner Bakery and the Club Suites hotel. If you don’t mind outdoor parking, it’s a deal at $17 for 12 hours ($12 on the weekends). Or don’t rent/bring a car at all and get yourself a CTA pass a block south at the CVS drugstore. There’s a bus stop that’ll get you just about anywhere right in front of the hotel. There’s also a Walgreens and a Chipotle Mexican restaurant (one of our favorites) on the same block. There’s a very basic workout room with a bike, treadmill, elliptical machine, and weight machine, as well as towels. This is also the same room where the vending machines are. There’s no TV yet though they promise there will be.On the whole, we'd go back again - even with the bumps. Tips on sightseeing: we got to see some amazing Chicago museums, including the new Oceanarium at Shedd Aquarium, the Harry Potter exhibit at the Museum of Science and Industry, and the new modern wing at the Art Institute. All are not to be missed. We also enjoyed a quick visit to the Lincoln Park Zoo (always a favorite) and the Peggy Notebaert Nature Museum in Lincoln Park - both great for families with kids.	
May 25 2009	Comfort Suites on 320 MIchigan Ave Chicago lL 60601	Well what can I say about this place. We checked in at 11pm Friday and found that teh sofa bed was new. ALthough this is not bad I had to call up the front desk to have them unpack it for my kids who were about to pass out. Also had to request an ethernet cable cause they didnt have one prepared since there is no wireless connection. Even though they had flat screen TV's the one in my bedroom didnt have a working cable connection. After complaining the next day they offered to move to another room but I asked for a discount since we unpacked already. Got 20% discount and I was satisfied with that alternative. Also they didnt have any top sheets that night cause they ran out and everything was in the washer.The best thing about the hotel is its location. 1/2 block away from the river and really centrally located if youre wanting to go visit the parks and museum or shopping. Overall our experience wasnt bad and I am giving them 3.5 stars.	
Jul 8 2009 	Perfecto		
