Nov 6 2009 	It was as I expected using Tripadvisor as my guideline.	The hotel was close to the Union Station. We were able to walk there and back. It is an older building but the room was clean and the staff friendly and helpful. We had a suite and for 3 sisters it worked out very well. It included a pull out couch that was better than average. It is not a great appearing hotel but it suited us. However, the restaurant was not the best. As other reviewers commented it is next to a noisy highway.	
Oct 13 2009 	Reasonable place - Close to Downtown	Stayed here for 2 nights. Pros: Close to Downtown. You can walk to major downtown destinations (if the weather permits). Subway station is just outside the hotel. Rooms are clean. Friendly staff. Cheaper than other comparable hotels in the area. Cons: The main lobby is very small. Looks congested when 3 or 4 guests arrive together. The building itself is pretty old. No central location for microwave, refrigerator etc. (None was available in my room so I was looking for a place where I could warm any frozen meals. Could not find any)Overall, a reasonable place for the price. Other hotels in the vicinity were much more pricier on the dates that I visited.	
Aug 10 2009 	Good clean hotel convenient location uninformed reservation employee	Great hotel for our first trip to Chicago. We came up for the Harry Potter exhibit at the Museum of Science &amp; Industry - we highly recommend that for any HP fans (take the Blue Line to Jackson and then hop the #10 bus all the way to the museum)! Easy to find (right off highway 250), 1/2 a block from the Blue Line subway - so convenient! 10-15 minute walk to the Sears (er - Willis) Tower, and a little further on to downtown. The restaurant (Aurelio's) was pretty good - definitely go for the breakfast buffet! Remember to stop at the front desk for vouchers if you want to take advantage of the Kids Eat Free thing. Nice clean room, standard bathroom (but clean) and wonderfully firm beds. Fair warning, though, even if the person taking your reservation says it's okay, if you book a 2-double room, a rollaway is not permitted - apparently it's a fire hazard. The front desk employee said I'd have to upgrade to a Junior Suite to have a rollaway - $50 more per night. Oh and parking was pretty steep (but standard for the city) - skip the valet service and park yourself in the well-lit lot behind the hotel. Valet was $30 a day, we paid $23 for the weekend (24 hour $18+ 12 hour $5).	
Aug 3 2009 	Good job Holiday Inn!	This Holiday Inn was very clean, quiet, and friendly! It was within walking distance from Union Station in Chicago. The room was big and comfortable. It had a small bench/chair, a desk chair and a &quot;comfy&quot; chair. It was nice to be able to sit in a chair instead of always on a bed. The pool on the rooftop was an added bonus. The water was a little chilly, but this summer has been very chilly. We could see the Willis Tower from the pool/rooftop. The hotel sat next to the Eisenhower Expressway, but it was barely heard from our 4th floor room. We walked to Union Station every morning and caught city buses to the attractions we wanted to see. The conceirges were very helpful and friendly!!! We had a great time at the Holiday Inn in Downtown Chicago!	
Jan 5 2009 	Great for the price!	The staff in the was really nice and helpful, the hotel was very clean and the rooms were really nice too!The only thing that was disturbing was that the heater was making loud noises sometimes but everything else was great!	
Dec 7 2008 	Not sure what is so good about the hotel	The hotel is located right downtown of Chicago in an area devoid of any tourist attractions, shops, restaurants but next to a VERY noisy and busy highway (24/7). Noise in the rooms is terrible. Other than that is is a standard HI, with somewhat dark decor, all things functional but no special charm. Front desk staff a bit indifferent. The adjacent restaurant is really a pizza place, ok but far from being special. The biggest issue was that the hotel was booked during a big convention and the price was correspondingly high ($200/night). At that rate - absolutely not worth the money.	
Nov 24 2008 	Wonderful amenities and a great location	Stayed three nights at a grand total cost of $618 for two-persons with a king bed. Room included full bath, phone, TV with 39 cable channels, temperature control, and free wi-fi. Hotel has an exercise room, an outdoor pool (available Memorial Day to Labor Day), and a computer room with two free PC's with internet access and a printer. Hotel was clean, well-maintained, and surprisingly quiet for being next to a freeway. Staff was VERY friendly and willing to assist with our visit. Within the hotel building is a chain pizza place that featured a bar, a full hot breakfast buffet (not included in room price), a pizza and pasta lunch buffet on week-days, and dinners. A convenience store was five blocks away, and several restaurants were a little beyond that.I noted that onsite, outdoor parking would be $16 per day, and nearby covered parking is $9 per day. However, since a 72 hour pass for unlimited rides on the CTA is only $12 per person, it is clearly best to not use a car when visiting Chicago.Hotel is located just a couple blocks from both the Amtrak Station and the bus station. The neighborhood is sufficiently safe that even a late night arrival would not be a problem -- just be aware of exactly how to get to the hotel, as Chicago's grid system makes all streets look alike. The hotel is also just a block from the &quot;Clinton&quot; stop on the CTA Blue Subway Line, meaning you can go from O'Hare Airport direct to the hotel -- and Midway Airport would require one change of train.You can easily either walk or ride the subway to the Loop, and the McCormick Center is a couple miles away. For us, the location was perfect.	
Sep 2 2008 	No complaints	This was a nice, quality hotel. The beds were a little small but comfortable. The staff made it better. This was our first trip to Chicago and they were very helpful and gave great tips. The pool is outdoors on the roof! Very nice view of Sears Tower. I thought it was supposed to be heated, but it was cold (and the weather was REALLY hot that day). Although it says &quot;downtown&quot; it isn't really. We had about a 10 minute walk to Union Station. I was a little nervous walking back to our hotel when it was dark (not a lot of lighting) with my small children but everything was fine. The price for parking was cheaper then other hotels (we paid $30.00). You could leave your car at the hotel until 4:00 on the day of check-out, which was really nice. Actually, the valet guy let us leave our car parked out front, let us take our keys, and just said to come get it when we could! Overall, I'd stay here again. But, it might be worth it to stay downtown so you wouldn't have to walk so much (but really, the walking wasn't that bad... and I've never stayed downtown so those are just my thoughts) :)	
Aug 17 2008 	Holiday Inn Canal 	I arrived late on Friday night, only to find that I had made my reservation for arrival on Saturday. Kisha at the front desk cheerfully assured me that they had rooms, and got me squared away promptly with a joke and a smile. Every time she saw me thereafter she greeted me by name. The customer service at this hotel is top rate. There are always at least two concierge/bellmen ready to provide directions, call a cab (very quickly too!), or carry a bag for you. One of them even gave me a quarter when I was rooting through my purse for change for the newspaper. The desk staff is pleasant and very helpful. They met all of my needs very well. The room was nice. Clean, basic amenities, quiet even though the hotel is located right off interstate 290. Holiday Inn has a pillow menu, and there are three pillows on the bed. Nice quality toiletries in the bath (shampoo, conditioner, body soap, face soap, and lotion) but I do not like the smell of mint - not their fault. Good pressure and hot water in the shower. The penthouse (top floor) contains a workout area, a business center, and a rooftop outdoor pool. The pool was indeed chilly at 8:30 a.m., but in the afternoon the sun warmed it considerably. Neat to swim outside on the roof during the air show - good views. The business center was a computer and a printer - both worked well and quickly. Fast internet. The workout room has several good quality machines (treadmills, stairmasters, ellipticals) and televisions to view while working out. Everyone I met that worked for the hotel greeted me with what came across as sincere pleasure to see me, and made eye contact when saying hello or asking how to help. Onsite pizza restaurant was good enough - the waitstaff there was very friendly and accomodating. Prices were good - pizza was okay, but the breadsticks were quite good. There is also a small chicken and fish place next door - independently owned. Parking is $30 valet, or $16 to self park. Do the self park, the lot is just next door the hotel. It's not necessarily guarded, there are the usual caveats about your stuff, but I overlooked that lot and it was well lit at night. The hotel is a bit off the beaten path, but I walked downtown in 20 minutes, easily. It is near enough by cab to the Museum Campus. Cabs were quickly hailed by the bellmen, and are plentiful everywhere. They are also required to take credit cards in Chicago. You need to be firm with some of them about this, but they are. I will stay here again in November. I enjoyed the two night stay and found it to be a good value for the money, and a pleasant weekend lodging.	
May 28 2008	Average hotel.. not a lot to do!	Went for this hotel as it was right near the Amtrak station, you can literally walk from the station to the hotel, although it is a little difficult to see and get to. Just ask if you are stuck, but don't waste money on a cab!The hotel itself was OK. The room was clean and tidy. For some reason we had a disabled suite, so the shower was always leaking onto the bathroom floor and we had to laydown towels on a regular basis to keep out feet dry. But the room was good. Not a lot of noise going on, so a good nights sleep had each night. No complaints about the room, although this place was a little expensive. There was also a rooftop pool, which was the coldest pool I have ever swam in! Literally freezing.. nice pool area though and if the water was warm would have been fantastic. Nice views from the roof of the surrounding buildings.The main issue was that there was nothing to do really immediately at the hotel. You can walk down St Canal St about 10 minutes and you hit some shops and supermarkets, ideal for some shopping or food. There is a bus stop at Union Station, so you can commute for 2 dollars to the main attractions that Chicago has to offer. I would recommend spending a day at Navy Pier, which is easy to get to by bus.Overall I would only recommend this hotel if you want convenient access to the Amtrak Union Station and are willing to get buses to see anything decent in Chicago.	
May 14 2008 	Clean	Stayed in a King Suite and the room was very large and Clean, close to &quot;the loop&quot;. Not a lot of things to do in this part of town but there is a bus stop close and many downtown buses stop there. So for $2 you can get anywhere downtown in about 15 minutes.	
Jan 27 2008 	Pleasant Amtrak Layover	I walked in without a reservation in Jan 2008, because this is the nearest hotel to the Amtrak station, and my connecting train was going to be a awhile. What a perfect pit-stop to freshen up after a cross-country train ride!The customer service was excellent! The ladies at the desk were very patient, courteous, and thorough. There is a lounge onsite where I got one beer to unwind after my trip. The wireless internet was smooth. The room was immaculate and well-stocked. Being a single female traveler, I was pleased that there was a security guard onsite.Holiday Inn Downtown served my needs efficiently. I didn't care how much it cost; I just needed to get away from that Amtrak station for a few hours.	
Oct 15 2007 	Holiday Inn Chicago	Great service, clean rooms, friendly staff. They helped us get around the city, made recommendations for restaurants, and overall were a great help.	
Sep 14 2007	Great place to stay	Just returned from a 3 night stay . Good tidy rooms and great friendly staff always ready to help. Problem with air conditioning unit in room but sorted straight away to an upgraded room.Washing machine and tumble dryer very handy when on 2 week holiday. Swimming pool small but still used every day while sons used gym.Quite a walk to centre but on holiday so good to explore.Extra charge for breakfast but very good.	
Apr 19 2007 	Rather pleasant	I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here. The rooms are very clean, comfortable and nicely decorated. The staff were very kind and helpful. And the restaurant located within the hotel was wonderful, they make great pizza!Only downside was the location. As a young female travelling alone I did not feel safe walking around the area, and definitely not at night. There really isn't anything or anyone around. I was warned by my aiport transfer driver about this however so I organised a bus tour to get around which was excellent. Apparently the Mart Plaza Holiday Inn has the best location (according to this driver who seemed to know all there is to know about Chicago)	
Apr 3 2007 	Better than Expected	After booking on Priceline and paying a low rate for this hotel we were happy with the 3 star accommodations. The Holiday Inn Hotel and Suites downtown Chicago was easy to get to off of 290. The staff were very friendly and answered all our questions. Room was clean and just as pictured on the hotels website but bathrooms are small. Also, Lobby area is small and can get crowded. We purchased CTA visitor passes and used the train/bus service which was convenient to the hotel. Clinton Stop (Blue LIne), is just accross the street. We visited American Girl, John Hancock, Field Museum and Shedds. Found the trasportation very easy to use but will find something closer to downtown next visit. The hotel parking is $30 a day. However, we chose to park in the parking lot next to the hotel and paid $20 a day with in/out privileges. Our room overlooked the parking lot and we could see our vehicle. Also, we were directed to buy our visitors passes at the customer service desk of the Dominicks grocery store that was just 3 blocks away on Roosevelt between Clinton and Canal streets. Parking is free at Dominicks and there is a Walgreens, Subway sandwich shop, and a Dominos Pizza in the same shopping center.	
Nov 19 2006 	Great Stay	We were extremely happy with this hotel after booking through hotwire and only paying 56 dollar per night! 56 dollar! The location might not be in the centre centre, but its damn close! Walk 10 minutes and you are at the magnificent mile or sears towers, it was a great stay and nevertheless a great location for this price.The staff was very nice and very helpfull. Especially when you think that it was 2 girls bringing 4 HUGE suitcases ALL excessive luggage of around.. 60 pouns EACH. Yes we tipped the man that helped us with loading our luggage hugely. Very helpful people.The restaurant next door is not so great, but a fair deal for a quick lunch. I recommend this hotel very much if you get a good deal on the price.	
Sep 7 2006 	OK but find something in a better location	Stayed here for two nights during Labour Day Weekend. Very friendly and helpful staff. Room was clean, carpet freshly steam cleaned (still damp), but the bathroom could have been cleaner. I would find a hotel in a better location the next time I go to Chicago. $10 US cab rides with tip to get downtown. Walking downtown during the day was OK (safe), about 15 to 20 minutes to Michigan Ave, but I would recommend taking a cab at night. There are no attractions or restaurants close by (pizza joint attached to hotel, but did not try it - go to Gino's instead). If you plan on spending most of your time in the downtown area it is worth it to find something in a better location.	
Aug 28 2006 	Never again	I booked this hotel because it said on the Holiday Inn site that it's only 1.5 miles from the United Center....more like 3 miles! Next to impossible to find food near here. Lobby was terribly small.ANTS IN MY ROOM!?! Yes, that's right...I had to fight ants to use the bathroom. Room was by the stairs that lead to the pool, and everytime the a/c came on the lovely smell of chlorine filled the room. Bed not comfortable. Website didn't mention that this hotel is under some renovation and work started at 8am every day. Ugh. Also, noise from the street is extremely loud!I felt like the room was dirty - I didn't want to touch the dingy floor with my bare feet. I paid almost $200 for the quality of a $60 room. Unacceptable.	
Jul 3 2006	Not bad for the price 	I made the reservation of this hotel blindly through a &quot;name your price&quot; site and they accepted my offer of $100/night. The top floor of the hotel (6th floor) featured an outdoor rooftop pool which seemed clean and well maintained, a workout room and a game room. The location - close to UIC on the very edge of the downton/Loop area was right off of Interstate 290. CTA train &amp; bus stops were nearby which made the location easily accessible. The king bed wasn't very comfortable, but I've slept on worse. My biggest complaint was that the lobby was very small. It was always jam packed each time I walked through. The room was spacious and the a/c worked well. I would stay there again if I could get the $100 rate. At $199, I believe it's a bit too pricey for the quality and location. Parking was valet only for $30. I would say this hotel would be best for families, as it's not far from the mag mile and the wonderful downtown area.	
Nov 14 2005	Nice Hotel but location is a worry	Myself and wife stayed one night at this hotel recently, the rooms are large, clean and comfortable and staff friendy and helpful but we were not comfortable with the area, we thought our phobias may be due to the fact that we live in a small town here in Australia but after reading other reviews realise we are not alone in thinking the location could have been better. Fortunately it has a restaurant which was too our liking as we would have gone hungry rather than venture out after dark in that neighbourhood. However it is close to the Sears Tower &amp; Union Station. In all the hotel is very nice it's just a shame they built it where they did.	
Sep 27 2005	Comfortable Hotel	I stayed here for one night while in Chicago and I thought it was a lovely hotel. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly and the rooms were spacious and comfortable and spotlessly clean. The swimming pool on the roof is fabulous for the good weather and the gym seemed to be fairly good as well. It may be a bit of a distance from the mag mile and if you want to be more central then you should choose a hotel around there. The Clinton L train stop is just outside the hotel and this takes you uptown. I thought the neighbourhood was fine and unless you are planning to hang around on street corners for the duration of your trip then you have nothing to worry about. I would recommend this hotel if you get a good deal on it but if you can get a better deal on something closer to the mag mile, go with that.All round though a lovely hotel!	
Aug 31 2005	Great family vacation home base	Just what you'd expect in a Holiday Inn. Nothing fancy but large, clean rooms with extra friendly staff (maybe it's that Midwestern hospitality). Plenty of amenities for the vacationing family like a laundry room, fitness room, rooftop pool (nice after a long day of sightseeing). Convenient restaurant, though prices and pizza were better elsewhere. The hotel is located in a downtown business area that pretty much rolls up the sidewalks evenings and weekends, but that didn't matter to us because we were hardly there. Convenient to public transportation-- Blue subway line is on the corner and Sears Tower, where you can pick up the free trolley to shopping and attractions, is a 3-block walk, plus we had no problem getting taxis to and from the hotel. The free high-speed wireless Internet access was great and for those who don't travel with laptop, there's a computer and printer in the lobby guests can use for free. Very handy for printing out boarding passes before heading to the airport.	
Jul 21 2005 	Decent hotel but location could be better	Pros: Large room size, comfortable bed, nice furniture, good housekeeping, newspaper delivered to door, vending in good location (near elevators), staff checked ID when paying with credit card, quality soap and shampoo, calming rooftop penthouse (outdoor pool and deck, arcade, exercise room).Cons: Deadbolt in room did not work; receipt put under door essentially looked like a blank piece of paper (must have been having printer problems); noxious smell from heater when I tried to warm up the room (perhaps it had not been used in a while -- it was July, after all); area felt a little secluded and unsafe (a big change from just a couple of blocks away); dripping faucet in bathroom; vending machine did not return my change; traffic noise (busy roads nearby); occasional slight vibration in a wall in room; service at restaurant was slow and haphazard.	
Jul 14 2005 	Clean 	I stayed at Holiday Inn Downtown in June 2005. The location was terrible as it is located at a dangerous part of Chicago. Cabs did come to the hotel but I had some cab drivers who warned me not to wander around as it was reknowned to be 'not safe'.The room was very comfortable &amp; the housekeeping staff did an excellent job each and every time they cleaned my room. Great job!No shops close by. There is only a Dominicks &amp; Walgreens about 4 blocks away. Not a good idea to walk all the way bearing fruits/groceries. Especially when no cabs will stop for you there.	
Jun 8 2005	Clean and friendly	First time in the Windy City, I was a little bit worried but this was a nice hotel. Everything was clean and the staff were helpful. The little pizzeria/breakfast diner was good downstairs. We couldnt have wished for better for the price.	
Sep 12 2004	Chicago on a Budget	We took Amtrak to Chicago and this hotel was in walking distance from Union Station. We also chose this hotel because it was near the blue line stop on the &quot;L&quot; subway train. The Holiday Inn room was purchased for $117 on the Holiday Inn web site. This was a Friday and Saturday night stay in July. We felt safe at this hotel and the Clinton stop of the blue line train was at the corner of their parking lot. The room was nice and clean and we had no complaints. They have a roof top pool, but it was too cold that weekend to swim. We arived a couple of hours before check in and they held our bags in secure room. There is not much around this area, but we were hardly in the room for anything but sleep. Chicago is a fun city so there is not much reason to stay in the hotel for the entire week or weekend. Last time we were in Chicago, we stayed downtown but it always seamed like we were walking 5 blocks to get to the subway. With this hotel, the subway stop was right by the hotel.Most of the places we visited was on the red line, and you do have to do a free transfer and walk a block through a tunnel to get to the red line train.We would stay here again because of the convenience of the subway and its price.Also, buy a 3 or 4 day subway pass.Jeff	
Jun 14 2004	Horrible Experience!	This is the most unenjoyable hotel experience I have ever had. After arriving at this hotel in late May and discovering it was &quot;on the wrong side of the tracks&quot;, we were a bit skeptical. I felt very out of place here, as the hotel is not nice and is in a very trashy part of town. However, we decided to give it a chance, since we had gotten a decent rate and it was pretty close to the Sears Tower. My husband left for his business meeting there and I decided to wait for our room to be ready, since we had arrived early. Before he left for the meeting, we were told we could indeed check in early and would only have to wait 30 minutes or so in the lobby. So, I told him to go on to his meeting and I would wait. How nice, I though, an early check in....7 hours later, I was STILL IN THE LOBBY! Their computer system crashed, then there was a &quot;problem&quot; with our reservation. The list of excuses went on and on. So, I had the pleasure of watching noisy school groups come and go and found out that our &quot;suite&quot; hotel plays host to traffic school! Dozens upon dozens of angry drivers filled the lobby waiting for their classes to start and stood around swapping horror stories in amongst guests trying to check in. I was not impressed! Finally, my husband and his associates finished their meeting, but we never made it to our room! We checked out without ever checking in and made our way to a nicer part of town! Don't let the pictures fool you. It isn't that close to the Sears Tower. My husband said they walked quite a while, through the bad neighborhood we were in to get there. The W Chicago City Center is a lot closer to the tower and a lot nicer. One last tip, stay on the opposite side of the canal/river that is behind the hotel. This seems to be the dividing line between the trashy/classy sides of Chicago. Enjoy your stay in the Windy City-Just enjoy it somewhere else!	
Jun 4 2004	Very Nice	I was given one of the suites at this hotel and was pleasantly suprised with the cleaniness of the room. I, however, thought the pillows shouldn't have been so hard, yet the stay was nice. I would also suggest double sheeting the beds as one never knows who has been there prior.	
Aug 15 2003	Clean resonable price but a bit out of center	Clean rooms, reasonable price, reasonably quiet - providing you get a room that doesn't face onto the main highway behind the building. Liked the pool on the roof. Its a little way out of the center, but handy for the Sears tower. Well served by CTA metro ($1.5 from airport direct to hotel!) and by Chicago free trolleys. Not much choice of resturants nearby, but hotel cafe OK for breakfast.	
Mar 24 2009 	Pessimo		
