	Good Place to Stay	If you want a place to stay downtown Chicago with a reasonable price, Ohio House Motel is perfect match for that purpose.	
Nov 20 2009 	Basic accomodation free parking great location.	My boyfriend and I stayed here last may when we came up to visit our friend in the Navy. It wasnt bad. It was clean and located right in the city (which is excellent for us, as we walk everywhere). It was alittle over priced, but the location was unbeatable and they offered (free!) ample parking. Theres a mcdonalds right next door, an onsite dinner/coffee house, and a great supermarket just around the corner. I'd reccomend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a basic, no frills, place to pass the night.	
Oct 11 2009 	Smack dab in the middle of it all!	Not fancy, no frills...just what we needed to be frugal on a room where we spent barely a wink. (Who spends time in your room in Chicago?) Everywhere we went we walked; everywhere was within 15 mins.Desk staff was helpful when asking questions. Perfect for people on a budget, or wanting to spend money elsewhere in the city! Not to mention...FREE parking!	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Cheap Stay!	My sister and I went to Chicago on whim on the weekend, just to get away from everyday life. We went to the Cultural Center, asked for cheap places to stay in the heart of the city, and this is one of the few options they gave us. We LOVED our stay here. It was simple, cheap, and right next to everything you would need to have fun in Chicago. There was really nothing grand about it, but it's really all you need. Gives you a place to rest your head, park your car, and not have to worry about anything but having fun, which is what we had came to do. Thanks Ohio Motel for making our stay in Chicago that much better! We will defiantly be back!	
Sep 18 2009 	noisy room and safety concerns	motel with ground and first floor only. I was on the ground floor and discovered during my stay that my bedroom windows were unlocked. As a solo female traveller this was not comforting to me neither were the two locks and a chain on my door. I slept very little due to feeling unsafe and due to what sounded like a generator /machinery which i think was just under my room. This continued all night . They were unable to move me elsewhere. I was please to leave and I would not hurry back. Cheap compared to many other hotels etc in the area. May be better for male travellers or groups	
Sep 2 2009 	Not great but not bad	We stayed here two nights and didn't sleep either. There was a lot of comings and goings round the back with blasting steroes at 2am on a Monday morning which didn't help. The windows shook and it didn't feel particuatly safe.The hotel is basic, it's clean enough but didn't have the rustic charm others seem to think it has. What it does have is location, and you can't beat it for that. Very central and cheap with the free parking an added bonus. I wouldn't go back, but if you're on a budget then this place isn't the worst you could find. It has a cafe attached and is next to the McDonalds featured in the Eagle Eye movie next door which is handy for breakfast.	
Jul 19 2009	A Basic Room at an Awesome Value and Close to downtown	I had read many reviews of this place and had mixed feelings. I booked anyway. I'm so glad I did! The room is an EXCELLENT value when compared to the other hotels. For example, the Best Western across the street was over $270.00 per night. I stayed in room 117 and it cost me with taxes 138.00. The room was very, very clean, but small and very few amenities. The room is only good for bathing, and sleeping which is all I need. I posted some images as well. The hotel is right on the corner of Ohio and N. LaSalle St. Across LaSalle, and down about 1/2 block is an enormous, two story, absolutely incredible, 2-story McDonald (where we had breakfast) and free WiFi, Blues/Jazz Music, a lounge upstairs, and amazing views. The McD's is open 24 hours which seemed to cause problems for some but the McD is so far away, across a major 4 lane street, and about 1/2 way down the block and surrounded by trees it never bothered me. You gotta visit this place even if it's just for a cup of coffee -- well worh the visit. Across the street - the photo I show is out my room window, is a restaurant/bar. Some folks on this forum complained about noise but I experienced NONE. Maybe if your from Kansas and you are used to absolute quite it might be somewhat noisy but I heard nothing and I live in wooden suburbia. Absolutely no noise at all. Check out the room images. Like I said, it's just for sleeping, but extremely clean I must say. The bed was kinda not soft, hard to explain but for me not a problem. Check out the images and feel free to contact me. Oh, if you go, about two blocks away is Gino's Deep Dish Pizza - a Chicago Original since 1966. The front desk recommended them and I'm so glad I went! Absolutely delicious and plenty of food.	
Jul 7 2009 	Vintage jem in the heart of the windy city	My husband and I stayed at the Ohio House Motel in May when we met friends in Chicago for a Cubs game and mini college reunion. In many ways you get what you pay for at the Ohio House, it's clean, and basic. The towels are somewhat scratchy, and the furnishings somewhat dated, though I prefer to think of them as vintage. Staying at the Ohio House is a little like stepping back in time to the days when families traveled down Route 66 for vacations. That said, you wont find a better deal in downtown Chicago. The parking is free, and that was a huge plus for my husband and I as parking in the city can be very expensive. The staff is very helpful, and the restaurant has an amazing (and cheap!) breakfast, that really hits the spot after a long night out.	
Apr 25 2009 	Cheapest I could find in the city. Free parking and good location.	Good enough for what I needed. I didn't want anything fancy and overpriced. Stayed 7 nights with no problems. Not the greatest but it was fine, and I never saw any bugs. The people on the streets and car horns can get annoying though.	
Feb 23 2009 	Exactly what you need if you're staying downtown	We had tickets to House of Blues one night and instead of paying too much for something we really didn't need we found this place. Honestly if you're staying directly downtown Chi-town what do you really need besides a bed and free parking. Room was in good shape, pretty much just a bed and dresser. Bathroom apparently was clean enough because one of the friends we went with got drunk and passed out while bathing.All in all good little find, everything downtown is in walking distance.Make sure you go walk downtown late at night and watch rats the size of dogs play in the street.	
Feb 13 2009 	location location location!	basic budget hotel in a fantastic location for access to bars, cafes, shops, etc. large rooms and friendly staff and a bargain if you don't mind not having the lil extras like coffee makers, shampoo etc.	
Dec 23 2008 	Bug!!	Good location. Room is small. You gotta pay for internet access. The worst is i got bitten by bed bugs!!! Will never go back again!	
Dec 1 2008 	Flea Bag motel	Oh geez, where do I begin ? The only good thing I can say is Great location. This place was the worst in every other way. First off the furnishings are literally garbage . The table lamp in our room had black electrical tape wrapped around the center . The box springs have springs protruding and stains all over them.Some kind of red stain on the carpet,the wallpaper is coming off the wall. If that wasnt bad enough the people in the room next door were animals and fought and screamed all night untill 3 in the morning.Of course I wasnt going to sleep anyway,the bed was ready for the junk heap . I expected this place to be clean and maybe a little dated from the reviews I had read BUT ITS MUCH WORSE THAN THAT . Folks its not worth the few bucks you save . Go to priceline and get a room at the Hilton for about $35.00 more. This place was a DUMP ! ! !	
Oct 14 2008 	Great Motel in downtown Chicago	I stayed at this motel with 2 other girlfriends and we loved it. When we first pulled up we were a little nervous about it. Before we went in we called the Best Western across the street and they were $180 where the Ohio House was $120 and it didn't really look any better then the Ohio House. We ran into a few ladies just leaving their rooms and they told us to stay because the rooms were good and clean. They even let us in to look and we were happy with them. We stayed for a weekend and were so happy we stayed there. The rooms are not fancy but they were clean and I can't say enough about the location it is close to Michigan Ave only about 5 blocks a quick 5-10 minute walk and one of the train stations is over one street on Grand, very close. Other friends with us had booked on Michigan ave at the Congress and it was way down on S Michigan, a very long walk, and about $100 more. The beds were great and the shower was nice and hot. There is a sports bar across the street and it was a little loud on Friday and Saturday night around 2-3 am although only one friend was awakenend by the noise where the other two of us slept fine and didn't hear a thing. She said it wasn't all that loud and she was able to get right back to sleep. Not a big deal because you are in heart of the city so you hear horns and such anyway. Believe me when you're in the city I don't know why you'd waste lots of money paying for a room that you're only going to be in to change, shower and sleep, there's too much to see and do for hanging in a motel room. Anyway the staff was great. We couldn't ask for anything better, they were very friendly and nice. One night at 12am we couldn't get the cable to work and the older night deskman came up to get it working for us, super nice man. We were really happy with the way you enter your rooms too. There is different sections A, B, C, etc and you have to use your key to enter into the hallway then there's a downstairs with 4 rooms and an upstairs with 4 rooms so it's great cause it's really safe and the doors to your rooms are not opening to the outside like the pictures on the wewbsite look like. It's worth it to stay here because of the location and price. We are definitely staying here when we come back to Chicago.	
Oct 9 2008 	Location Cheap free parking clean enough.	Location is north of the river, great accessibility for all central parts of town. Free parking if your staying, no valet no cost, which is amazing for this location. the cheapest place we stayed. Rooms are basic and wifi costs a little extra. But the rooms are clean enough with some quaint decorative items in the room. Some would call them old, i like to see them as eccetric.if your doing Chicago on a strict budget keep this motel and number in mind. You will save money on the other hotels in central locations.Highly recommended.	
Oct 1 2008 	enjoyed my stay	I stayed at this motel for a whole week while I had some meetings at downtown. While booking the motel I was a little bit worried because it wasn't a chain-motel and some reviews reported noise. This is why I asked in advance a quite room at the second floor. When getting there I was surprised to see a very nice and clean motel, very good maintenance, a comfortable room and a renovated bathroom. The desk clerks were very professional and kind. The location was good, in a walking distance from most of the downtown attractions. The surrounding has a lot of restaurants and fast food places. To make it short- I was very content with my selection of this motel which offer a very good value for its price.	
Sep 21 2008 	A gem	What a fabulous find. We booked on the strength of the reviews on Trip Advisor and was not disappointed.This place is a real gem for the budget price. You can't go wrong.We were in the States for 2 weeks and drove from Rochester, MN to Chic. Parking is free and that is a huge bonus in downtown Chic.Loved the location. Everything is within walking distance and there are an abundance of restaurants around. Ask the receptionist to recommend a traditional Chicago pizza place. You won't be disappointed. We were in for a shock. Portions were huge!	
Sep 17 2008 	Great Motel!	I just can recommend this place! My boyfriend and I stayed here for 5 nights and we had a great time. Nice clean room and a very clean bathroom! Just the nightclub on the otherside of the road was a bit noisy!	
Aug 19 2008 	Greatest deal	I've stayed at the Ohio House motel twice. I really love this place. It's clean, it's very no-frills, but what do you need? The location is excellent (although surrounded by sports bars, so yes, there are bound to be some yahoos).It has a delightful little wisp of a diner (10 stools and 5 booths maybe?) with excellent french toast. The people who work in the office are very very helpful.I have to say, I might have enjoyed my stay this year a little less than last year- the air conditioning this year didn't seem as magical as last year and they're redoing the rooms and getting rid of the 1960's furniture that I'll admit, I was really charmed by last year. Now it's been replaced by pine boards.	
Jun 18 2008 	Not Worth It!	We stayed at the Ohio House Motel two times. We thought we had found a reasonably priced clean motel that had free parking and was within walking distance of some nice restaurants and Michigan Avenue.This last time turned out to be filled with problems. #1. On a weekend, the bar across the street is full of drunk people who sit outside in good weather and talk loudly all night (last time I checked was 3 a.m.). It is extremely noisy.#2. The television was stuck on Spanish. After we failed to adjust it, the clerk pulled something on the back to fix it.#3. Right after we paid, the clerk immobilized our room key, so we had to go back to the desk to get our remaining items from the room.#4. BE SURE TO LOOK BEHIND THE CURTAINS AFTER YOU CHECK IN. Make sure the window is locked. Shortly after midnight, I woke with a start to see a HAND REACHING INTO THE ROOM! I screamed and the hand went away. It made me think of the Bates Motel in the movie, Psycho. I can live the rest of my life without ever wanting to repeat that experience!#5. No shampoo or amenities. Flat pillows and very thin sheets. And Clean? Look under the bed!	
May 8 2008 	10th anniversary night!!! We'll be back again!	5/2/08Hubby and I met in the city to celebrate our 10th anniversary. We had gotten tickets to see Sweeney Todd at the Cadillac Palace Theater (fantastic, by the way!) Had dinner at the Italian Village and went to the show. We figured that we would want to relax after our evening of dinner and theater, so hubby assigned me the task of finding a place to stay. Now, we have stayed in most of the larger hotels downtown at one time or another. We both worked in the Time Life building for decades. Chicago has some lovely old and new hotels. Many now are cookie cutters of each other, but still others are standouts. The recent renewing of the loop by converting some of the old sky scrapes to boutique hotels is fantastic... but what of the old 2 lane highway variety lodging? The reliable mom and pop motel room with snappy clean sheets, postcards in the desk drawer, good water pressure, a flickering television to keep you company...and a comfy diner within walking distance that could provide you with a tasty breakfast and a cup of joe to get you on your way! Look no further than the Ohio House! Wont cost you a Kings ransom either!We had a wonderful evening and a great nights sleep! We were pleasantly suprised by the lovely little room we stayed in (I think it was 206). We will definately stay at the Ohio House again. The parking was free and secure. The desk man was very nice (we were early...no problem!). The housekeepers were very friendly and did a great job keeping the rooms clean. We were able to walk from the theater to our motel. We had a relaxing and romantic evening! By the way... all the reviewers complaining about noise must have been out on the prairie for too long! This is downtown Chicago. You know... Frank sang about it? Al Capone used to rule the streets to the dismay of the law but to the delight of the masses! What about Dillenger? Probably the only noise he regretted hearing was the &quot;BANG&quot; outside the Biograph. The Cubs haven't won anything in 100 years there! Chicago is bound to make a little noise over that, dont you think? All I am trying to say is that we were not bothered by any noise during our stay. We had the windows open all night and I didn't hear a thing. I'm not a city dweller either... I was raised on a farm and we now live in a very small and quiet town.  Thank you Ohio House!	
Dec 8 2007 	Great Budget Accomodation in the heart of the city	We stayed at the Ohio House last weekend on a three day stay in Chicago. Being a fairly expensive city, budget accomodation was something we needed and the Ohio House provided.The Ohio House is located close to the heart of the city (a few blocks back from Michigan Avenue). The rooms are small to average size; bathrooms average hotel size, with very 60's style appearence and decor. Most people tend to assume that budget accomodation in an expensive city means hygiene problems, however the Ohio House, we found to be, was extremely clean (5 stars in that department). The Motel also has its own small coffee house where we had breakfast on one of our days there. Its was nice, but again very 1960's style which was interesting. Chicago is full of delicious resturants and cafes though - my personal recommendation is a little French style cafe 'Cosi', a block or so back from Michigan Avenue). The Ohio House is also directly across the road from a large McDonald's (not that you'd go all the way to Chicago just to eat McDonald's!)There was only one issue we had with the Ohio House and that was the noise from the streets at night. But the Ohio House is a very clean, comfortable stay for anyone wishing to take a budget holiday in Chicago - which was a beautiful city. Personally, I would stay there again if I was looking for budget accomodation - but should there be available funds, I would probably choose to stay in one of the larger hotels in the City.	
Nov 17 2007 	Perfect for what we needed!	Ohio House Motel is an inexpensive oasis in the middle of an expensive city. We wanted to stay in the middle of the city, close enough to walk to major attractions, restaurants and bars. Ohio House was perfect for that! Several eateries in the immediate vicinity of Ohio House were great. I sit here drooling over memories of eating Chicago's deep dish pizza as we speak!! Mag mile was an easy 10 minute walk, and we found that we had no problems getting around on foot. The furthest we had to walk was to Soldier Stadium, around 40 minutes away. The accomodation was basic, but clean. it is what it is - a decent motel smack bang in the middle of a big city. House keeping did a really good job each day, and we would look forward to a comfortable bed after a long day exploring a really nice city. We stayed for 7 days, and the only thing I would have liked to have had access to for that period of time was a small refridgerator. Air conditioning worked well, showers were always hot, and for people with a car needing to stay in the city, it is perfect with a parking lot in front of the property. Motel staff were always nice and helpful enough, without being overly friendly or personal. We stayed at this hotel from the 29th June - 7th July 2007, and were able to go to the Taste of Chicago, and experience the 3rd,4th, and 5th of July fireworks. What a great time to visit!A couple of small notes - The rooms are right next to a major street, with an all night mcdonalds next door, and a night club across the road. It didnt really bother us, we had no problems sleeping, but for very light sleepers it may be an issue. People used to large hotels in cities where your room is far from the entrance to the building and any passersby, may not appreciate people being able to walk right by your room on the street.Though with two security locked doors between us and the outside, we never felt unsafe or uneasy at any time.Also, check out the large sports store ( Sports Authority) next door to the motel. With a great bargain basement, and seven stories of sporting goods, my boyfriend was in heaven. I think that people from overseas will especially appreciate the huge store, as I know we dont have anything like it at home!We stayed at this hotel from the 29th June - 7th July 2007, and were able to go to the Taste of Chicago, and experience the 3rd,4th, and 5th of July fireworks. What a great time to visit!All in all I would be happy to stay here again, if we ever get the chance to visit this great city another time.	
Nov 5 2007	Great Location and cheap free parking and clean	We would definitely stay there the next time we go to Chicago!!! Yes,it's old, and outdated inside, but it is clean, and the rooms are spacious. The location is walking distance to EVERYTHING!!!! We went for the weekend to see the &quot;Jersey Boys&quot; and could even walk to the theatre. We walked to the Mag. mile, the loop, all over...and the parking is free, your car is right there, if you need something from your car, you don't need to find it in a parking garage. Only negative we had, it is noisy at night, you hear everything going on outside, but the bed was comfortable, and we did get enough sleep. Will stay there again. The hotel across the street was double the price. Try it, it's worth it, if you plan on seeing Chicago, and justwant to sleep and shower!!!!!!!	
Oct 9 2007	Great value	What you need to bare in mind about this motel is that you are paying $100 (£50) a night to stay in central Chicago. Yes, it is a basic motel but in my experience, it's clean, secure, has cable and it's £50 a night! There's a subway station about a 5 minute walk away and the world's biggest McDonalds opposite. Whatever you may think about McDonalds, at least it means taxis know exactly where you're staying! If you're on a budget like we were then it's definitely a place to stay. Try and get a room that faces into the courtyard as the back rooms can be noisy. And if you're in Chicago, take a boat tour , yes it's touristy but you'll get amazing photo opportunities!	
Oct 2 2007 	Excellent budget accommodation	Stayed here for 5 nights in Sept 07. The room was very clean and bed really comfortable. Shower was great, but other plumbing was a bit erratic. My room faced the alleyway at the back, and the early morning garbage trucks were a bit noisy. My friend's room faced the parking lot, which was much quieter, so it might be better to request one of those rooms. The diner attached to the motel was fantastic - great breakfasts and terrific value, and the lady owner is a real sweetheart.The location could not be better, with public transport within a couple of blocks, and plenty of great bars and restaurants within walking distance. The wi-fi (which you have to pay for) was also a bit hit and miss - did not work in my room, but worked OK in my friend's. All in all, a great choice for those on a budget, who want to be close to the loop. I would stay here again.	
Sep 9 2007 	Great value and super local!	I stayed at this property back in mid July for a couple nights. This trip to Chicago was a bday present to myself but I was on a super tight budget when it came to hotels. I had seen this hotel back in Feb on a previous trip and decided to check it out. Man am I glad I did cause the rates for the rooms are more then worth it. I will admit that the weekend noise from the club across the street can be much and the rooms are in need of some new furnishings but over all the room was clean bed not too bad and those were the two things that I was looking for. Public transport is only a couple blocks away as is Portillos. Next time I am in Chicago and want to stay downtown I will give the hotel another shot just for the price alone.	
Jul 19 2007 	Average Rooms Good Location	My boyfriend &amp; I stayed at this motel for 2 nights in June. We found it to be of average quality, but in a good location, close to the city centre &amp; transport. It takes about 40 minutes to get from Chicago-Miday Airport to the motel, via the l-train. There is a car park for guests, &amp; the motel is across the road from the largest McDonald's in the USA. There are many restaurants, clubs &amp; bars in the close vicinity, with the Magnificent Mile &amp; other shopping generally about a 15-minute walk away. The room was fairly spacious but had a funny smell. It was in need of rennovation really, but in general it was definitely passable as a central city motel. The shower was pretty good, with plenty of hot water. There was also HBO, I think. Don't stay here if you are looking for hotel-class accommodation - in the end you get what you pay for, but this motel was satisfactory. We stayed in a room close to the road (the motel is near a large intersection) but weren't too bothered by the traffic noise. There is wi-fi at the motel, &amp; the proprieters let us leave our luggage after check out, which was nice - both the gentlemen we met there were really helpful &amp; friendly. The neighbourhood didn't seem the safest, but it wasn't scary either.The only real downside was the delivery trucks that kept parking in the alleyway next to our room in the early hours of each morning, where they would create quite a racket - it might be better to request a room away from the streets/alleyways if you are a light sleeper. There is no breakfast served here &amp; the cafe on the corner is not really worth it (it's small, dingy &amp; greasy - not in a good way), so save your pennies &amp; venture further afield for something a lot nicer. There is a supermarket not too far away as well, if you are on a budget. And Giordano's deep dish pizza (or Pizzeria Uno, &amp; Gino's) are to die for (&amp; not far away) if you're not worried about your waistline!Overall, this hotel is a little shabby around the edges but is certainly up to scratch value-wise. Enjoy your stay!	
Mar 22 2007 	Best price in town but expect some discomfort	I stayed at the hotel together with my girlfriend during a weekend trip to Chicago. The hotel is probably the cheapest accomendation in downtown Chicago but you have to expect some discomfort when you go there. The room and bed where okay but the windows where pretty thin (compared to the typical situation in Germany) so you hear pretty much everything what's going on outside. Our window was towards the back side of a huge department store and there where noisy fans running all night long. Besides that you hear a lot from the big crossing next to the hotel, and people in Chicago really like to use their horn. On the other side you have free parking and other hotels in downtown are 200 bucks up...Enjoy your stay,Markus	
Oct 22 2006	Great locale and good for the price	What an amazing spot! Chicago was the last stop on a 5 week tour of the US and this motel couldn't have been better located. A little slice of history too and quite adequate for the price. Was clean, safe and central AND had free parking. We ejoyed our stay here. It's not the Ritz but you wouldn't find a better located hostel for that price. I really dont knowwhat some people here are expecting - it's a MOTEL!!!	
Feb 17 2006	it's right in the middle of everything	The hotel itself is fairly mediocre, but itis right in the middle of everything!ESPN Cafe, Rock and Roll McDonalds,Hard Rock, Pizza Unos's are all close by.Miracle Mile and State Street are only afew blocks away. One night I got intotown late and had to stay at a realdive, the Tokyo House. YeecH! Thisplace is nowhere near that bad, has a nice little diner next door, as wellas free parking. Compare this with theBest Western across the street which istwice as expensive.Excellent for studenttravelers or others on a budget.	
Jan 23 2006	another nice stay	stayed here several times in the past and was in town this weekend (jan 21-23) before going to work in indianapolis for 5 weeks. gotta love the free parking and the close proximity to everything chicago. while it is a motel past its prime, they now have wireless internet in the room. it is loud if you get a room on the side where the main road is; ask for a room on the backside.	
Jan 8 2006	You get what you pay for	$85/night for a queen room plus free parking in an attached lot is pretty much unheard of anywhere in the city limits of Chicago. So, you have to be a little suspicious going into it. We kept our expectations low and ended up satisfied with what we got. For the price, we knew we weren't going to have lavish decor and plush linens. The rooms are spartan and no-frills, but they are clean and adequately sized. The bathrooms have small bars of soap but no other toiletries, so be prepared and bring your own. If you're a light sleeper, this may not be the place to stay. Street traffic can be heard at all hours, as well as the bass beat of the music playing at the club across the street. We brought a travel fan and it helped drown out a lot of the extraneous noise late at night.For the location and the price, the Ohio House is hard to beat. Just be realistic about your expectations and remember that you get what you pay for.	
Nov 17 2005	Weird little place with awesome staff	You'd be surprised to find a place like that downtown Chicago. It has no website and is not featured on Travelocity and the likes (as far as I know). I found it in the Lonely Planet Chicago in the budget section after failing miserably at booking any other place for the Chicago Marathon. Everything was booked 4 months in advanced, except for $400 and up luxury suites. This place still cost $89, which would buy you a decent room on a day other than the day before the Marathon (but I think prices a much lower the rest of the time).Anyway, when it says &quot;Motel&quot;, it IS a motel. Straight out of the '50s. It is not just retro-themed, it is truly retro, so if you like that sort of thing, go for it. I still am not completely sure what that gadget that reminded of an old record player/radio (it wasn't a record player) in the corner was, but artifacts like that ceased to exist at least 5 years ago. The place was really worn out, but with a remodeled bathroom. The sheets and blankets must have been on those beds for generations. It was clean, although still looked kind of sketchy, the kind of place that would be featured in the noir film. Customer service was excellent! The gentleman who helped us check in, was one of the most pleasant people I've ever met and that is the reason why I didn't hate the motel. You can't hate a place where such wonderful people work. We also needed some help the next day and the day shift woman was also great.I would recommend this motel for people on a tight budget who don't care for frills.	
Aug 19 2005	What Can You Expect	My girlfriend and I stayed here for the weekend to see a Bears game. If you want a fancy hotel then pay the money and stay at one. But if you an ok room at a cheap price, then this it. Area was nice...No problems with the locals. Within walking distance to what downtown Chicago has to offer. Our room was ok..except for the adult magazines and McDonalds garbage that was left in one of the drawers. Their was no bugs and you cant beat the free onsite parking. I would stay here again.	
Jun 26 2005	Slum motel?	90 degrees outside, 95 degrees inside! Even with the so-called air conditioner on! This room was apparently the only one available. we ended up with a room with two twin beds on wheels w/ dirty sheets. and they were both leaning inward and the head of the bed was much lower then the bottoms. We had no choice tho all other hotels were booked and it was late. We had planned a weekend stay but after one night stay we cancelled the rest of the weekend becauseI refused to stay another sleepless, excruciatingly hot night here. After the Third Cold shower to cool down I realized that We also were not supplied with any of the normal bathroom amentities (soap, shampoo, etc.)When i complained to the supposed manager about the heat of the room, he blatantly ordered an 80 something year old housekeeping woman to &quot;look into&quot; it, (........puhlease..........) and in response she looked at me and exclaimed ...... &quot; you should thank god you even have air conditioning in these rooms, some people cant afford air conditioning.&quot; I was so humiliated, I turned and just walked away in disgust.My advice...? Be afraid, be very afraid.	
Jun 12 2005	Very satisfactory great price	We stayed for four nights in May. Comfortable room, plenty of space, clean, everything worked. No problem with noise at night. Helpful and courteous staff. Would confidently recommend this to any normal tourist. Very good value ' $89 plus tax.	
May 29 2005	Perfect for (Thrifty) Night Owls	If you have a car and you want to stay downtown, the Ohio House may be the best choice. When you factor in what the other budget hotels charge for parking, the Ohio House is about the cheapest (respectable) lodging place downtown. Plus you can look out your window and actually see your vehicle in the parking lot. I don't like the idea of having my car in a public garage, out of my sight, as is the situation at the other cheap hotels. My only problem with the OH was noise. I stayed in the room above the office---the quietest in the motel---but it was still kind of noisy. Car stereos were the problem---- Ohio &amp; LaSalle is a busy intersection. (The guy who thought of putting subwoofers in car stereos ought to be doing time in prison for crimes against humanity.) The traffic didn't die down until 1:00 am. And I was there on a quiet night---the disco across the street was closed. The room was clean, by the standards of budget motels, and fairly spacious.	
Dec 3 2004	never again	After visiting Chicago for the day, we decided to spend the night. After trying to get into several other motels with no luck(no available rooms,needed a credit card)Ohio house gave us a room,a single dirty room with two beds for $130.00. Also if you plan on sleeping, don't forget your ear plugs or you will be sorry!! There is a dance club across the street that closes at 5 am. Also the constant honking of taxi cabs ALL night long was awful. However were grateful we didnt have to sleep in our car.	
Aug 26 2004	AMAZING!!!	Wow!!! You simply won't find a better deal in Chicago. For a very reasonable fare (under $100/night, even with taxes) you get a fantastic location, very safe environment, clean and reasonably sized room, and cheap food at the diner. I was able to walk to the Sears Tower from my room (granted, it was quite a stroll, but still.) and it was pretty accessible to the subway. And the parking is free! I have zero complaints about the Ohio House. None. If I end up back in Chicago it'll be the first place I call... if some chain hasn't tried to put a tower on top of it by then.	
Aug 24 2004	Great Price	While it's been some years since I've stayed at the Ohio House, I did have a great time in Chicago. I have recommended this place to several people since. The room and bathroom are a little dated, but very clean &amp; NO BUGS!!. Most people go to Chicago for all that the City has to offer, so your hotel room is really for sleeping and showering. Why spend the big dollars on a room you will only be in for maybe 6-8 hours? Not to mention the free parking, right outside your door. Give it a try you wont regret it. Dont forget to go to the Coffee Shop for breakfast.	
Jul 28 2004	Great price great location	Stayed there July 20-25 2004, place looks very retro and the little cafe looks like it is out of the 1960's. Rooms clean and spacious, cafe is cheap and standard diner. All major attractions downtown are within walking distance, and the bus to wrigley Field is 2 blocks away, hard rock Cafe 1 block, Spot of Trump's new building is 1 mile or so away. The Rock and roll McDonald's is across street but is being rebuilt and will not open until 2005. Free Trolley to Navy Pier is 2 blocks away. The area is really clean and I did not see any hustlers, hookers or drug dealers. Any other hotel in area starts at $135.00Great value, great location, I can't believe some chain has not bought this place out. Free parking a plus as some hotels in the area charge for parking in addition to the expensive room. There is no pool but the beach is about two miles away.	
Jul 6 2004	It works for me!	Granted, its more quirky than quaint; more plain than plush. But the Ohio House is a great value. The location is awesome, you can't beat the price, you can park right in front of your door, and there are usually rooms available. It may not be grand, but it is clean and I will stay there often!	
Nov 14 2003	Super stay!	We stayed in the room above the check-in office which has one full wall of window - it was great! Very clean, bright, and comfortable. Nothing fancy-but perfect for the budgeting traveller. Free parking a bonus - and the Ohio Hose cafe had good cheap breakfasts. Will stay here anytime I go to Chicago.	
Sep 24 2003	Best location for the price	This is hands down the best location in Chicago for the price. It is the only place we stay when we go to Chicago on a budget. The rooms are basic and nothing fancy but have always been clean, especially the bathrooms. We have never been bothered by transients or prostitutes. It is a very busy corner and have always felt sazfe there. Free off-street parking is also a huge plus.	
Jul 22 2003	Can't beat the price	Straight out of the 70's. Nothing fancy, nothing extra. It was clean and we didn't see any bugs or prostitues. For the location and price, it can't be beat. :)	
Jun 24 2003	Can't Beat It...	I stayed at the Ohio House back in the '80's' and it was around $50/night so when I wanted to go 6/03 I was afraid of what the pricing would be. I paid $89/night for a busy Chicago weekend...the hotels DIRECTLY across the street and down the block were asking $125+/night. All I did was watch an hour of TV and crashed...took a shower the next morning and left. I can't see paying for a lap of luxury in the hotel when there are so many places and things to do up there! The rooms are clean and unlike Motel 6 you get your choice of shower or bath!I am going to stay at Ohio House anytime I go for more than a one day stay.	
Mar 30 2003	A Bed and a Bathroom	A very basic, no frills motel with free parking in a lot outside the motel. Very interesting variety of customers. Good &amp; fast food in adjacent coffee shop...if you can find an open seat!!	
Feb 7 2003	It's great	This is the best place to stay in Chicago for the price. The location on where it is the greatest. It is clean and where else in Chicago has free parking?!	
Nov 11 2002	Decent place for a decent price	I've stayed in the Ohio House a few times over the past few years. It's a decent place for a decent price, with free parking. It's pretty clean, and while the furniture isn't brand new, it's really close to all the good spots, and it's on the &quot;good&quot; side of them all. It's a little noisy at night, but HEY - IT'S DOWNTOWN. The blocks on the far side of the motel from Michigan Ave seem a bit dicey, but there's really no reason to go there at night, anyway. I didn't see any hookers there, but to be honest, I wasn't looking, either. If you want the Hilton, then stay at the Hilton. Just get ready to pay $140 or more a night, plus $30 for parking daily. If you want a decent price with a great location, this is a relatively good place. It also has a very convenient little b-fast place that has good (though not too health conscious) food. Enough bang for your buck for my weekend, anyway.	
Sep 21 2002	Honda Hotel	What a HOLE. The service stinks and so do the rooms. I recommend sleeping in your car.	
Aug 27 2002	Ohio House	My husband and I stayed at the Ohio house while we were on our week long honeymoon. We stayed in one of the suites above the coffee shop. It was VERY clean, and had a kitchenette and everything. We were over joyed with the service, we had the most delicious breakfast everyday at the coffee shop. It's also close to most every attraction in the city. We loved the Ohio House and will stay there every year for our anniversary! P.S. We didn't see any vagrants or prostitutes either!	
May 16 2002	At least there's no bugs	Yeah, it's not the Hyatt, but it's cheap, convenient and there always seems to be rooms here.	
Jan 18 2002	What a Dump!	Go anywhere else, unless you want to be surrounded by transients and prostitutes.	
Oct 22 2009 	Sorprende		
Nov 23 2008 	posizione eccezionale		
Aug 26 2007	essenziale ma in posizione eccezionale		
