Jul 28 2009 	Great hotel in a great area!	My husband and I just returned from the Majestic Hotel, and we could not have had a better experience. Like most who stay here, we chose the hotel because of its proximity to Wrigley Field. Upon arrival, we found that most of the restaurants we wanted to visit were in the vacinity as well! Lucky's, featured on Man vs Food on the Travel Channel, was amazing!! We went there twice for an awesome yet cheap meal. Yes, the rooms are small, but so what? They are immaculately clean, and the beds are ridiculously comfortable. What more do you need? Mona, at the front desk, was very helpful with everything, as was everyone else we came in contact with during our stay. The common room was wonderfully decorated and a nice continental breakfast was served in the morning. Cookies were served in the afternoon, and coffee was served all day (which was wonderful). I found that my favorite thing about the hotel was the location. We were literally a half block from Lake Michigan. There is an awesome park next to the lake, and we actually joined the locals and went for a few runs in the mornings. It was great. It was never noisy, and every street around us was completely lined with beautiful trees. I miss it now.We will definitely be returning to the Majestic Hotel.	
Jul 8 2009 	a lovely hotel on the city's north side	We had a wonderful weekend here. This is a quiet relaxing boutique hotel in a nice residential neighborhood on Chicago's north side. If you want glamour &amp; glitz, a pool/sauna, or have the desire to see &amp; be seen, then you should stay at one of the high-rise hotels on the Magnificent Mile. But, if you want a very nice, comfortable, pretty, good quality small European style hotel, then this is a lovely place. I used to live in Chicago and love this north side neighborhood - stroll around the neighborhood and find great local restaurants, coffeehouses, bars, boutiques. Close to Wrigley Field. Easy access to stroll through Lincoln Park. Walk just one block east and it's easy to hail a cab. The closest El stop is about a 10-min walk. (For Shabbat observers it is within walking distance to at least 2 shuls.)I definitely recommend paying a little extra to get one of the suites - this will give you a bigger room, a sun porch with additional seating area, and a little fridge &amp; microwave. It's a small increase in price compared to a regular room and a big difference in what you get. Very comfortable bed (wonderful soft comforter) and nice bathroom. Nice staff. I will definitely stay here on my next visit to Chicago.	
Apr 7 2009 	A really great place to stay.	The Majestic Hotel is located on the outskirts of Chicago, just about a five minute drive to Navy Pier. It's in a nice quite neighborhood. The rooms are spacey, with mini-refrigerators and microwaves. The evelevator was being repaired and we had one friend who needed a room adjustment. The staff moved all her things to a new room. They were extremley nice and very helpful. The rooms were really clean, beds were great and they have this one blanket that is so soft. The price was really inexpensive.	
Apr 1 2009 	Pleasant enough but nothing special	In retrospect, the location wasn't as desirable as we'd hoped. Yes, we could walk to a few locations, but many other areas would have been more convenient.Pros: Very pleasant common areas, room itself was clean, quiet, and comfortable. Cons: Room was on the small and dark side. Internet service was unreliable. Front desk clerk was rude and unhelpful. Parking was definitely problematic and inconvenient.	
Jan 11 2009 	a very nice hotel	We stayed off season and had a 3 day special that put the room price down to about $80/night. The room was near the lake and about 1/2 mile from Wrigley Field and the train/subway. The front room/library was very comfortable and had a simple continental breakfast, The rooms were on the small side with a very comfortable queen bed. The bathroom was simple with a tub/shower combo. The soaps were nice and the room as well as the hotel was very clean. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was a little on the warm side; but I tended to find that most businesses kept their places warm. I guess that they were doing you a favor by keeping their places warm but it became kind of a hassle trying to put on and peel off clothing, but that's the way colder climates seem to deal with the cold. The train is the best and cheapest was to get around and if you don't mind a nice, safe walk this place will serve you well.	
Dec 7 2008 	It Kinda Sucked	First off, I had called to ask if the hotel had a pool or hot tub. The person I spoke with said there was no pool, but there was a hot tub. Well there was no hot tub. Also the front desk attendant was kinda snobby. It seems like a place for older people that are in bed at eleven on a saturday night, not the younger crowd even tho it is very close to wrigleyville. The room was way too hot. The continental breakfast was ok. The parking for the hotel was two blocks away and cost an additional $22 per car. I will not stay there again. Two thumbs down.	
Nov 24 2008 	Lake Shore Drive	Strangely enough, one of the main things I liked about the Majestic Hotel in Chicago was where it was: a few miles north of the city centre. It meant taking a taxi after a night out and the sight of those high-rise buildings on one side was breathtaking, particularly after dark with all those windows lit up, for mile after mile after mile. What a beautiful and memorable sight! My travelling companion and work colleague, Kate (28), is a Polish photographer and I am a Scottish journalist (74). We both live in Dublin, Ireland.We decided to go to Chicago at the last minute, Boston being our original choice, and the travel agent recommended the Majestic which was fine. The rooms are comfortable, well appointed and the free internet connection was a bonus as we both travel with our laptops. Breakfast was ok and the staff very helpful. We probably wouldn't have found Charlie Trotter's restaurant without their help. It is an amazing experience we had a 7-course dinner par excellence: about 400 dollars without wine for the two of us (we don't drink). I would class it as a Michelin 2-Star, maybe even a 3-Star, and we always choose the best restaurants in our travels, usually booking before leaving Dublin. We have visited 25 countries in the past two years, but Charle Trotter's was something special and it will always be etched in our memories.If I'm ever in that wonderful city again I will stay again in the Majestic.Ian and Kate.	
Nov 19 2008 	Cozy And Comfy!	Small, but quite cozy and comfy for 1 person. I had a terrible day because my wallet had gotten stolen on the train. I had no credit card, no id, no $, nothing! Luckily for me, a policeman for Amtrak allowed me to have $ wired to him (cuz he had ID). We went to Western union and picked up the $. I didn't give him and he didn't ask. I wrote a nice letter to his boss. Back to the hotel. I was quite frazzled when I arrived, since this had just happened to me 3 hours earlier. I got to my room and stayed there. It was soooooooooooo comfy. The biggest problem was the barking dogs from about 11 p.m. to 1 a.m. Called the desk and they said there was nothing they could do about it and it did end eventually.	
Nov 15 2008 	Comfortable quiet and excellent service	We decided on staying at the Majestic through reviews that we had seen on Trip Advisor. We were NOT disappointed! The trip was part of my 50th birthday celebration and climbing in the 'Go Vertical Chicago' Stairclimb at the Sears Tower.The hotel is on a quiet street, within easy walking distance to Lincoln Park and Wrigley Field (for Baseball season). The staff were exceptional, the room (bedroom, with sitting room, small frig and microwave, and two TV's) was very comfortable. The continental breakfast was better than most and the lounge/sitting area was very quiet and comfortable as well. Sure it's an old building with some creaks and perhaps not the first recommendation for those with children, but otherwise we would highly recommend it. Then getting around Chicago is made very easy by the CTA (their 'L' trains and buses). If you're there for 2+ days, you'll want to purchase a multiple day pass. There are also passes I believe called the 'City Pass' which gives you bus access plus tickets into a number of events around the city. Things we'd recommend...The Shedd Aquarium, the Sears Tower and/or the Hancock building, plenty of athletic or theater events. We were there a bit late for the tours around the city, but I hear these are wonderful as well.We are not typically 'Big City' folks, but we really enjoyed our stay in Chicago. It all began with a comfortable 4 nights stay at the Majestic. We'll be back. Go Cubbies! And da Bears!	
Oct 26 2008 	Charming and a Great Value	My husband and I moved out of a Loop hotel to the Majestic for several days after a conference, and were very pleased. The staff provided excellent service, the hotel is charming, and the price was about $100/night less than the conference hotel. Our room was clean and comfortable, compact but perfectly adequate (and no smaller than a &quot;business class&quot; room we once had in London); the window faced a small courtyard between buildings instead of overlooking the street, but that helped make it quiet at night. The neighborhood nearby is full of small shops and restaurants, and has at least two large grocery stores. The hotel's continental breakfast includes not only bagels and muffins, but also instant oatmeal, cereals, and a variety of microwaveable breakfast sandwiches. Wireless Internet access is free (the conference hotel charged almost $15 a day). If you want to experience more of Chicago than the Loop, and plan to explore the city rather than look at it from a hotel window, the Majestic is an excellent choice.	
Oct 2 2008 	Perfect	This was the perfect hotel. It is a little off the beaten track of Chicago,yet is perfectly accessible to everything one might want to do in Chicago. The hotel has delicious cookies everyday and a great assortment of coffee and tea available to guests at all times. The concierge was wonderful and has many connections, thus he can set you up with a restaurant reservation, give you restaurant suggestions as well as for things to do.	
Sep 30 2008 	We love Chicago	I booked our stay in Chicago based on Wrigley Field. We were going to Chicago to see the Cubs play for my boyfriend's 50th birthday. We arrived late to the hotel after spending the day downtown, we pulled up to the front and we very pleased with the area. Our room was small but it was very comfortable. The staff were very helpful regarding places to eat and bus schedules. The breakfast was just enough to get us going for the day. We would recommend The Majestic Hotel for anyone going to see the Cubs. It was a nice short walk to the ballgame. Chicago is a very friendly and clean city. We will be back again. Go Cubs!!	
Aug 26 2008 	Off the beaten path but worth it!	When we decided to go to Wrigley Field this summer for a Cubs game I found the Majestic through Trip Advisor and I'm so glad I did. While it was probably the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in -- the Standard room made the hotel rooms in Europe look spacious by comparison -- the staff was so nice and the property kept up so well that we didn't mind. The neighborhood is fantastic -- residential, quiet, with interesting stores and restaurants -- and very easy to navigate. Despite being in Wrigleyville, which is north of Lincoln Park (a 10-15 minute walk to Wrigley), it's actually very easy to get downtown. I highly recommend the 145 and 146 express buses; you pick these up on Lake Shore Drive, a five-minute walk away, and they drop you in midtown in less than 20 minutes (be sure to get a transit pass from the front desk, they're not very expensive). It's a lovely ride along the lakefront. What a bargain! We wouldn't hesitate to recommend this to other baseball fans and look forward to staying there again -- maybe next season!	
Aug 11 2008 	Great neighborhood hotel with solid amenities	Returned to my old hometown of Chicago to visit friends and wanted t a hotel north of downtown and came upon this place. Had a suite which was very capacious and decently appointed. Price for weekend was at top end of their rates due to festival in neighborhood. Was able to find street parking w/in two blocks so didn't pay for hotel lot.Definitely good for those up for Cubs games or boystown. Both well in walking distance.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great little hotel	Very nice clean and quiet hotel. My first time visiting the Chicago area in a while. This hotel is in a very nice nieghborhood. I would suggest getting a CTA (Chicago Transit Authority) Visitor pass. Unlimited rides and the price varies on the amount of days; $5 per day for a one day pass down to $8 for a three day pass. Chicago drivers are very agressive! Take the bus, subway or EL.Our suite did not have a very good view...overlooked a 23 floor building on the east side.Nice continental breakfast and the Tea/Coffee and cookies in the afternoon is very nice perk.	
May 31 2008 	What a charming Suprise!	Located on a quiet street and close to Public Transportation (100 Yard walk) this Lakeview/Wrigleyville gem is perfect for a city getaway. There are several great restaurants nearby. The front desk staff was friendly and knowledgeable. My room was a little small, but for a city hotel I found it quite comfortable.	
Apr 30 2008 	Wonderful Stay	Actually got what I expected, how rare is that? This lovely hotel is on a quiet street and if it weren't for the occasional door opening and closing in the hallways, I would have thought we had the hotel to ourselves. What I didn't expect was the rooms to be large, airy and comfortable. The staff was fantastic and friendly. Loved the amenities, continental breakfast in the morning and cookies in the afternoon; frig, microwave &amp; wet bar in the room. The bed was comfy, though the hide a bed wasn't both as a couch &amp; a bed. The housekeeping was excellent...they even turned in my lost earrings. Easy walking distance to Wrigley Field and the local bus stops. It was so easy to get downtown that we always took the buses. If I ever return to Chicago, I'll definitely stay here again.	
Apr 17 2008 	Charming - a Great Deal for Chicago	We were a group of four couples looking for a moderately priced hotel in downtown Chicago...but still wishing for something like an upscale boutique hotel. The Majestic was a great fit for everyone's budget. Close to downtown, this hotel had a very cozy sitting room that served not only breakfast but also mid afternoon snacks. The rooms were on the large size, we even had a separate living room. The bathroom was adequate although I do prefer a larger bathroom with a separate tub and shower if it can be found, but once again, for the price it was nice. It's definitely an older establishment that they are keeping up to date. It has a funky, little elevator...a little scary but works alright. The beds were definitely not the Heavenly Beds that we've slept in at the Westin...but there are always trade offs. The staff was friendly and attentive and knew us all by name at the end of our four night stay! I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a reasonably priced hotel that is close to downtown and looking for something out of the ordinary compared to the Big Box chain-style accommodations that get old quick when you like to travel! We would also recommend Dinkel's bakery - YUM!	
Apr 7 2008 	Great Location INteresting Old Building	This hotel is in a great location on Michigan Ave. The staff were friendly and helpful. It is an old building with some issues (it appeared that some sort of renovation was underway) but nothing so egregious that it interfered with our stay. The lounge was comfy and the food was good.	
Feb 10 2008 	Great value	Stayed 3 nights at this hotel near Lake Shore drive north of downtown Chicago. Great price for its location. The hotel is old, with an old fashioned elevator that is charming but very inconvenient when you have luggage. The rooms and furnishing are old but the rooms are clean. A generous breakfast is complimentary. Some of the staff are more helpful than others though all I encountered are friendly. This hotel has an arrangement with a parking garage next door which made parking a breeze. Overall I had a pleasant stay for the price and would recommend this hotel to people not seeking luxury.	
Nov 19 2007 	Loved this spot	We travel to Chicago two or three times a year (both our sons work in the city and live in the Wrigley area). Usually we stay in the Magnificent Mile area but decided to try a hotel closer to where our sons live. What a pleasant surprise! The Majestic is a wonderful boutique hotel with lots of ambience, a friendly and helpful staff, located in a great neighborhood, and within walking distance to an array of neighborhood restaurants. We stayed in a standard room with a queen bed. The furnishings were new along with new carpet and recently renovated bathroom. Our room was smaller than we normally book but comfortable and very clean.. Before we arrived we were a little concerned about the parking situation because of what we had read on some previous reviews. However, we found the parking,(a secure garage right behind the hotel) to be great. It was half the price of most of the downtown hotels with unlimited in/out privileges. Driving a car in Chicago is a hastle and cabs are not always plentiful, not like New York cabs. On this trip the hotel manager suggested we try the express bus for our day time trips...what a great find! You can buy a 24 hour pass for $5(the hotel has them) and the bus stops right outside the hotel on Inner Lake Shore Drive...a very easy and convenient way to travel. We will definitely stay at this hotel on our next trip!	
Oct 20 2007 	Reasonable Value	Stayed here 4 nights. Even though we made our reservations months in advance we were stuck in a small room with a view of the rear alley. Window air conditioner became covered when we closed curtains so had to jury-rig curtains to allow a/c to cool room while maintaining our privacy. Only one unloading car space in front that is not policed very well. Front desk staff watched me struggle down indoor entry steps with luggage and did not volunteer to help. I'd gladly pay a little more for at least one bellman. Continental breakfast was generic. Only one evening restaurant within walking distance... and it is an Itanian place that did not impress us. The building is just fine and the sitting/dining room is nice. Bed was comfortable. Would I stay here again? Maybe.	
Oct 18 2007	Messed up our booking+service and standards are pretty average	This could be such a great hotel. Its in a great neighbourhood. But it falls short on service and needs updating. We were kept waiting at the check in desk, until it became clear to us that the hotel had messed up our booking. These things happen, but they didnt apologise until pressed and they refused to provide us with the type of room that we had booked. We were basically treated as though we had no booking, even though I had the confirmation printed out. We had travelled a long way adn didnt feel very welcome at all. The hotel itself is ok. The bedroom furniture is ready for an update and the serviec is indifferent. Our room was little a bit noisy at night and the hotel was definately more noisy and rowdy at the weekend when a baseball game was on nearby. The communal lounge area is a higher standard, but having breakfast in there is strange- its sofas and side tables only. Breakfast is ok- but all pre-packaged, no fresh fruit or hot food. On the plus side, it is clean and in a good neighbourhood. Its easy to travel into town (you can buy all travel tickets from the front desk- but you have to ask them about it). Its also within easy walking distance of lots of great hip eating places in the 'boystown' neighborhood.	
Oct 2 2007 	Nice Hotel	Stayed at the Majestic Hotel in Sept. of this yr. I was attending a conference and staying on for a break afterwards. The hotel itself is clean and in a safe area. Decor is like a typical English country house. small old fashioned lift...but does the job. Rooms were nice and clean. The air conditioning however was far too noisy to be left on at night, which was annoying as it was still quite hot in Chicago in Sept. But had a fan in the room also. Loved the en suite bathroom. Big shower heads for a great hot shower every morning was fab. They only offer a small continental breakfast in the morning though, and there are no tables and chairs for breakfast, but comfortable couches and arm chairs so its not bad. They offer tea and coffee all day with cookies, although its more like luke warm tea and soft cookies. However I did like the hotel overall. It was very clean and there was nice bathrobes in the bathroom which were cosy. We made some international phone calls which worked out quite expensive though so be warned! I would recommend it overall.	
Jul 26 2007 	What a wonderful place!	We enjoyed our week stay at the Majestic, the staff were all friendly and made us feel as if we were at home. The place is beautiful, very quiet at night and the bed is just so comfy, we slept like babies. The complementary breakfast is great for light breakfast eaters. The elevator is small, two people plus luggage is comfortable but we took the stairs most of the time. The linens and bath robes were very plush. Chicago will always be a special city for us and with the memories of staying at the Majestic makes it a slice of heaven. Go Cubs!!	
Jun 19 2007 	A Homerun!	HIGHLY RECOMMENDED IF COMING IN TOWN FOR CUBS GAMES. I found this hotel by reading reviews on this website when looking for hotels close to Wrigley Field. Everything said they were the closest and within walking distance, and I contacted them to make sure this was true. I was looking for a close place to stay since I was coming from STL and taking my Cubs' fan boyfriend (I know it's hard to believe since I'm a Cardinals fan) to his first game at Wrigley, and wanted to be able to walk since I knew we'd be drinking and wanted to avoid the hassle of getting there. This place was a real find. The several times I had talked to someone at the hotel on the phone they were very friendly and helpful. This was the same when we arrived. It is a very quaint little hotel in the middle of a bustling, nice old neighborhood. Yes, it is old (quaint implies this) and does have window A/C units, but this didn't bother us at all. The room and bathroom were very clean. Landscaping and flowers and people out and about made walking around there enjoyable and felt safe. The walk to Wrigley is about half a mile, and there's plenty of stores/restaurants all around within walking distance. Just ask the front desk for anything in particular and they will kindly direct you there. The room we stayed in was one of the larger (the king with sunroom) and it was very nice and comfortable and welcoming. The hotel overall is welcoming as soon as you walk in and see the cozy lobby/sitting room (always with free coffee). Parking is down a few blocks but still convenient considering the sparse parking availabilty, and pretty reasonable at $22/day for Chicago. Although the Cubs lost, staying here was part of how enjoyable our trip was.	
Jun 16 2007 	Nice neighbourhood hotel	This is a quaint hotel in a leafy street, quiet but very close by to Wrigley Field and the surrounding neighbourhood with plenty of bars and restaurants. We arrived in the afternoon, just in time for the complimentary tea and cookies which are served in the attractive sitting room. A nice touch. We stayed only one night and maybe for that reason were given a room adjacent to the elevator, which had the elevator shaft in one corner of our room. Fortunately there was no noise from it so it did not affect our stay. The room and en-suite bathroom were quite small but clean and presentable. Complimentary breakfast is provided, but as a European I found it to be quite poor, with packaged muffins, paper cups and plates - nothing very appetising or of good quality. Othen than that though, no complaints. The Majestic has character and is a comfortable hotel in a very pleasant area of Chicago.	
Mar 11 2007 	A pleasant stay in a nice neighborhood	This quiet hotel offers: two room suites, above average breakfast, a lovely lobby, a very friendly staff, a quiet neighborhood. Each room is 12 x 22, and is connected by a small pantry with fridge and microwave. The breakfast has fruit, pastries, cereal, yogurt, coffee, teas, juice. Sounds normal, but it is presented very nicely. The lobby is an english manor setting with plush chairs, sofas and tables for lounging. You can have afternoon coffee, tea and cookies here. The staff are a pleasure to talk to. The neighborhood is safe. There are good restuarants nearby on Broadway (go to Angelinas). Wrigley Field is about 7 bocks away. You can park in the neighborhood and save garage parking. Rooms go for $130-160 per night.	
Dec 11 2006 	Comforting and Warm	We had to come downtown for a business function at Cafe Brauer at the Lincoln Park Zoo so we wanted somewhere on the Northside. This is a very unique, cozy, and comfortable hotel. It is like a large manor instead of a glitzy hotel. The desk staff gave us walking info for an afternoon sandwich and then again to breakfast. These weren't really necessary stops since the hotel does have many teas,coffees, apples, and cookies available for snacking. They also have a nice cont. breakfast for free in the morning.It's on a versmall one way street off LSD but you just walk to the corner(50 yds.) and hail a cab quite easily. We never waited more than two minutes all weekend. It is VERY North however so keep that in mind if you want to go shopping on Mag Mile or State St.	
Dec 1 2006 	Things I would want to know...	Here are some of the things I like to know about a hotel, particularly in Chicago, and I hope this helps:LOCATION: Fantastic for Wrigleyville (Cubs games), I think someone else mentioned &quot;Boystown&quot; but best of all - quick &amp; easy access (2 blocks) to Lakeshore Drive which is so convenient (make sure you know what you are wanting/needing to be close to in Chicago as this is not ideal for many locations such as Univ of Chicago area or near airports). SAFETY: It is on a narrow, tree-lined, residential apartment-heavy street where you'll see people walking, dog-walking which made me feel relatively safe. PARKING: If you are driving - NO easy parking &amp; at times, NO parking. You can luck out and possibly park on the street (rare opening) or you can resort to using the large apartment building's miniature parking garage next door. It's VERY expensive. I think someone mentioned that you must drive around the block and go in the back to park, but there is a way to navigate through the garage back to the front of the of the block, turn right and you are at the Majestic front door.ROOMS: Very small but clean. Nice bed, decent linens. Clean bathrooms. Robe was plush to the touch but not used as it had dried shaving cream or mousse on the collar (not clean). Small TV which is fine for a very small room. As it is a much older building, also can hear most everything on floor, doors, creaking wooden floor halls.ELEVATOR: One. Tiny. Difficult to get luggage for 1 person and yourself on the elevator but there is a large staircase.Library/Living Room/LOBBY combo: Dark wood. Lovely. Coffee, tea, breads in the early mornings.OVERALL: Would stay here again for a Cubs game, maybe a short vacation, otherwise I probably wouldn't.	
Oct 10 2006 	A little out of the way but otherwise a great stay.	The Majestic is somewhat out of the way, situated on a quiet, tree-lined, residential side street just a block from Lake Michigan and close to Wrigley Field. Plenty of good restaurants are just a few blocks away (easy walking distance), and we had no trouble getting a cab just a block away along Lakeshore Drive. The room was a little small, but plenty comfortable and extremely clean. And the bathroom was terrific: big, bright, and clean, with a great shower. Staff weren't overly effusive, but were friendly and helpful enough--we certainly had no problems. In all, it was efficient, quiet, and comfortable, all for a very good price.	
Aug 28 2006 	Perfect for Cubs fans!	My 3 children and I (15, 11 and 6) spent one night at the Majestic while in town for a Cubs game. Our experience was fantastic!We parked on the south side of Addison (free) and walked with our bags to the hotel, which was just around the block.Our room was lovely, a suite with 2 queen beds and a pull out in the living room area. The beds were cozy and the room was delightful; very old fashioned charm, yet clean and inviting. The bathroom was updated and clean with nice toiletries. Window air conditioners were running when we arrived, so the room was nice and cool.Great neighborhood; we walked to Wrigley for the game and also walked home after, which was about 10:00 pm and felt very safe. I'm saying this as a woman with children. It's a great residential area.Staff was courteous and overall, the hotel was wonderful. Don't hesitate to stay here, especially if in town for a Cubs game!We will be returning!	
Aug 8 2006 	Going to Wrigley? Stay at Majestic	We just returned from a trip to Chicago to visit Wrigley Field for the first time. We were going to two games, so we really wanted to stay in the neighborhood. I found the Majestic through this website, and I highly recommend it. It's a 10 minute walk from the field. If you are tired, the 152 runs often (although before and the after the game the traffic is slow on Addison, so it's quicker to walk) and drops you off a block from the hotel. It's a block in from Lake Shore Drive, so accessible to the marvelous bus system that will take you speedily downtown as well. We stayed in a suite, which was great. The room was immaculate, the staff were extremely helpful and friendly, the continental breakfast had the basics of bagels, croissants, cereal, some fruit, and yogurt. Good to get you going on your day. Free tea, coffee, lemonade and juice all day. What was remarkable was how QUIET the hotel was at night, given that it was full. Nary a sound awoke me. The only complaint is the uncomfortable sofa bed in the living room of the suite. We had six people in the room, so we had to utilize the sofa bed, and it was so uncomfortable for me that I opted to sleep on the floor with the sofa cushions as my bed. But, then again, how often does one find a really comfortable sofa bed? So, if you are traveling to Chicago with Wrigley and the Cubs as your focus, I highly recommend it.	
May 27 2006	Great For Wrigley Field Weekends	Stayed in June, 2006 for Red Sox - Cubs series. Superior, tranquil location near Lake Shore Drive and about a 15 minute walk from Wrigley. This hotel gives the feel of a bed and breakfast within a smaller hotel. The eclectic neighborhood area is similar to the residential areas near Fenway Park in Boston. Very safe neighborhood.The staff was attentive and pleasant. Nice, cozy reading room with newspapers, books and continental breakfast.No central AC, only window AC's, which can be noisy but did not bother me. I would not recommend booking a room on the first floor because the registration area is in the hallway across from guest rooms. I t can get pretty noisy on the first floor when guests start returning from the clubs.All in all, a big thumbs up.	
May 14 2006	Best Option in Chicago	First, a little background. I grew up in Chicago, and lived in Lakeview for over ten years before moving to Amsterdam. My wife is British, and her family used to run a bed &amp; breakfast in Devon, UK. I say this because at this point in time I think we are in a good position to recoomend the Majestic. This hotel does a good job of providing a relaxing atmosphere. It has a European/English B&amp;B feel in that the rooms vary in size, has a nice sitting area, no parking facility, and is on a quaint residential street. My wife felt more comfortable here than any other place we have stayed when in the states. Yes, many of the rooms have next to no view, but same can be said about many of the rooms in downtown Chicago as well most of the hotels in London. For a leisure traveller to Chicago (without kids), it has the most important quality a hotel needs to have: a very comfortable place to start and end each day. For travelers with kids, there is this concept called a CITY PARK literally two blocks away; complete with playgound, tennis courts, softball fields, a beach for dogs, a golf course, and even a totem pole.The hotel is a little over four miles north of the loop, Navy Pier, Millenium Park, and Grant Park. Being a half block off the lake, it is a perfect distance for an early morning run before work or play. There are options of a free quick continental breakfast in the hotel or a number of good breakfast places nearby, such as Ann Sathers, IHOP, or Nookies. There is a Starbucks, Einstien's bagels, and Caribou Coffee within walking distance. All of which are not far off the path to the El, and have high cab traffic going by.As far as the parking goes, if your willing to walk a couple blocks and willing to abide by the closing hours, there is the option of parking on the other side of Lake Shore Drive in the park. As far as the elevator, gimme a break. The place is only four stories high including the ground floor.A hotel should compliment a vacation, not BE the vacation. The Majestic as a perfect compliment.	
May 7 2006	Alway Spectacular	Love the Majestic. Great location for nightlife and sports (Wrigley is within walking distance). The red line is only a couple of blocks away. Rooms are well appointed and clean. If you are looking for a large hotel with restaraunts and things for the kids to do, this isn't it. If you are looking for a elegant boutique hotel refuge from the hustle and bustle of the city, this is your place.	
Apr 23 2006	Impeccably clean awesome beds outstanding staff at the Majestic!	Recently I had to rush to Chicago to see my adult son who was in the hospital. I went right from the airport to the hospital. Upon arriving at the Majestic Hotel I was exhausted. I was greeted by a charming woman who recognized how tired I was and wanted me to be comfortable. I had booked a suite ahead of time in the hopes that my son could stay with me a couple of days upon discharge from the hospital. I was shown a couple of different rooms and asked which one I wanted. The beds are incredibly comfortable and the rooms immaculate. The hotel is in a very quiet neighborhood near wonderful restaurants and bus lines for easy access to downtown Chicago.As it turned out, my stay at the Majestic Hotel was 10 nights! I was treated like family. As a matter of fact, my husband and parents joined me toward the end of the stay and they also couldn’t say enough wonderful things about the Majestic Hotel and its staff.If you want wonderful beds, clean and quiet rooms, free continental breakfast (with excellent coffee- I am pretty particular about my coffee), check out this hotel. My family and I will definitely stay there when we visit Chicago again.Having traveled with children for years I know the kind of activities and environment they enjoy. The Majestic does not have the water activities and play areas that children and their parents enjoy. However, if you want a quiet, comfortable stay with delightful staff, then stay at the Majestic. My thanks especially to Sarita for accommodating my schedule and room requests and particularly that upgrade for my mom and dad to that beautiful suite with the porch.Thank you also to Dana, Uzi and Roxanna- you guys are terrific. Thank you. We will be back!	
Mar 23 2006	Wish I had researched better	This hotel was easy to find and had a nice location. The rooms were nice, comfortable and clean. The atmosphere was elegant. That sums up all the good things about this hotel. For the price we paid to stay there for five nights, we were very disappointed, right from the beginning. When we arrived at the hotel with our children (no extra little perks for kids by the way) and our many bags, we were not offered any help with our luggage. We struggled into the hotel with kids in tow and had no idea where to park or how to get all our bags in while blocking the street. The lady at the desk directed my husband where to park (which was a parking garage you entered by going around the block)(leaving out the information on how to get back in the building without walking around the entire block) and after asking if I needed help with all of our luggage, (FINALLY), she, rather than grabbing any bags, picked up my two year old son. We spotted a rack to put all our bags on (rather than her letting us know there was one) and we then had to squeeze luggage and family into their very small elevator to get to our room. Never having been to Chicago, and arriving close to dinnertime, we were hungry and had no idea where to go for food. This hotel has no restaurants and no room service (the few times we called down to ask a question or needed something we were told to come down to the desk and they would help us). Therefore, the first night we asked the front desk where a family might go to eat a family friendly casual dinner within walking distance. They sent us to an Italian candleit restaurant (granted, within walking distance) where our children had no room to be comfortable and we could not even read the menu. We left there shortly after we arrived and instead walked to a carry out place we had spotted two doors down that had a very family friendly menu and atmosphere. (thank goodness) As far as breakfast, the Majestic does have a continental breakfast consisting of juice, coffee, bagels and croissants. However, not something you want to eat every morning for any length of time. They offer cookies and coffee in the evening. They are supposed to offer coffee and tea 24 hours a day but more than twice when I attempted to get coffee the canisters were empty. As far as friendliness, they always had a smile for my son when we came out of our room, but not even a hello to my daughter or the rest of the family. We enjoyed our daytimes in Chicago, but found in the evenings, we were stuck in the hotel with nothing to do. This hotel was a definite disappointment. If ever a next time in Chicago, we will definitely better research where to stay and find a place with a pool, a restaurant (and room service) and friendlier and more helpful staff for the money we shelled out at the Majestic.	
Mar 2 2006	From a regular...	I've stayed at the Majestic multiple times in the past. I can't get over how wonderful this place is - very elegant with it's European charm. The front desk staff is always on top of things - one of the front desk employees, Savita, is amazing. She goes above and beyond to meet guest expectations!The majestic is a great place to stay for the &quot;gay high holidays&quot; such as Pride, Market Days, etc - book early because vacancy goes fast. The hotel is situated on a quiet street in Lakeview - very close to the North Halsted nightlife and the action of Broadway Ave.I will continue to stay at this hotel in the future!	
Feb 19 2006	Boutique is the right word	Boutique is the right word for this hotel. My flight back east was cancelled due to February blizzard and I was very pleased to find the Majestic--great quality at $89. Rooms are small but mine was quiet, lovely toiletries and comfy robe, good mattress and bedding, very friendly and helpful staff, elevator is european (tiny), but, hey, it beats the stairs with luggage. Breakfast not special, but available in a nice setting. And everything very clean, the whole hotel is non-smoking. We stay at so-called boutique hotels in New York City now and then and have found that means small, dark, and not all that clean, so this was a nice surprise. And location is terrific, near the lake and everything else on the North side.	
Feb 7 2006	Good Clean and Affordable	Stayed here on a trip to visit a friend and found the accomodations to be very nice. It is an older building with some charm. The people who work there are friendly and it feels more like a B &amp; B than a hotel. The library or lobby area is very nice with a fire place and coffee available 24hrs. The elevator is small but functional. The room was nice, clean and very roomy. The bed was the best part. It was firm and nice---had the best sleep while I was there. The TV is small and the shower head was good. There is no restaurant but some neighborhood restaurants near by and a supermarket within walking distance. All in all a good decent place not fancy but comfy.	
Jan 17 2006	Majestic Majestic	Stayed at the Majestic this past weekend. I love this hotel. This is the second time I have stayed here and had an even better experience. It is a European style hotel with a lot of charm. It is convenient to the Wrigleyville and &quot;Boystown&quot; area. Located on a quiet street. The rooms are small, but comfortable. The rooms are very clean and nicely decorated. The bed was comfortable. The bathroom was also very clean and seemed updated. They also had very nice and high quality products in the bathroom (shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, and bath salts). The robes were a nice touch. The staff was professional and friendly. Check out time is 11:00 a.m. - they allowed us to stay until 1:00 p.m. because we had a later flight that evening. All in all, a great experience.	
Nov 22 2005	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Majestic over memorial weekend and the stay was fabulous. The rooms aren't smaller than normal than from your standard cookie cutter hotels but the hotel has charm. Very cozy place to stay with it fine sitting room that is used for their continental breakfast. Its so comfortable and it makes it easy for people to feel at home. short blocks to wrigley field, and even shorter walk to the L to get all over the city. We love the area with its great dining, little shops and full size grocery/ pharm for everything you may forgotten	
Nov 1 2005 	A Majestic Experience	I truly debated whether or not we should stay at this hotel given some of the negative reviews on this website. But I am happy to report that we experienced nothing but a wonderful time at the Majestic and plan on returning there when we next visit Chicago. The front desk personnel were very friendly and extremely thoughtful. We were able to get into a fully booked restaurant thanks to their help. The hotel is just a short walk from just about any shopping or dining option you can think of. Our room was lovely (queen suite) and with every amenity one could expect. My response to those who found the Majestic less than satisfactory---if don't want to walk up stairs, if you think your car should be parked right outside your room, if you think all hotel rooms should be as big as your house, and if old-fashioned heating systems keep you up at night, don't stay in an historic urban boutique hotel! Perhaps a nice Hampton Inn is more your style? But if you are looking for charming, intimate, and unique lodging on the North Side of Chicago, consider booking a room at the Majestic.	
Aug 26 2005 	Ups and downs	I have stayed at the Majestic for a couple of times during tha last ten years. Very nice neighborhood, and it by now feel like home away from home. But the rooms have very different quality (avoid rooms near the elevator!), the breakfast has deteriorated during the years (alsthough it was always plastic). The bathrooms are mostly ok, the toiletries supplied are excellent, the parlour where tea and breakfast are supplied is a nice cozy reading room (for those who need this in Chicago). Very friendly, helpful an knowledgable staff.	
Aug 1 2005	Cozy and inviting get-away	We stayed in the sunroom suite at the Majestic Hotel and had a pleasurable experience. The spacious sunroom suite was clean and comfortable; it felt like we didn't leave home. Coffee breaks and cookies add a sweet touch. The neighborhood provides a lot of entertainment and the Majestic Hotel is conveniently located around classic restaurants. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my family and friends.	
May 9 2005	Elegant and cozy		
Dec 7 2004	Good and not so good		
Oct 24 2004	Smart choise		
Oct 1 2004	The best in Chicago		
Aug 3 2004	Was decent		
Jul 21 2004	Great hotel close to Wrigley Field but away from the crowds		
Mar 8 2004	Majestic a Nice Neighborhood Hotel		
Sep 29 2003	Not up to Par		
Sep 5 2003	Wonderful Neighborhood Hotel		
Oct 4 2002	Elegant hotel!!		
Feb 13 2008 	Far from the madding crowd		
