Sep 15 2009 	Horrible disgusting roach motel	Yes, we had roaches. Staff said, &quot;It happens.&quot; They would not clean the room, spray the room, or move us to a different room. They bumped us down from a two bed room to a single bed, EVEN THOUGH WE WERE PREPAID FOR A DOUBLE BED ROOM. aND TO TOP IT OFF, THEY COMPLETELY PULLED OUT STUFF FROM OUR ROOM WHILE WE WERE GONE when they decided they had no space for us. They gave us no warning of this. Now, I can't get a refund.	
Mar 23 2009 	Right in the heart of China Town.	Check in at 3pm, not earlier, we arrived at 1pm and the room was not ready but they held our luggage with ID tags they placed on them and called to request the room be readied ASAP suggested we go and have lunch somewhere, we asked for a room on the lower level because they do not have an elevator (1st floor still has 1 set of steps). Our room was very clean and smoke free, all rooms are. The staff was VERY friendly and helpful in many ways. They have hot tea and coffee, a microwave,refrigerator,table and chairs computer free to use with WIFI, all in a lounge on the ground floor . It is a old building with older furnishings but very reasonable, we were treated so very well, anything we needed they helped us with right away, from giving my daughter slippers to replacing the batteries in the TV remote and showing me how to use the phone, they called us cabs ect. all with a smile, some of the employees do not speak english but they will make sure they help you right away, I just used some minor hand gestures and they knew what I meant and did it right away. We were treated so very good, I would stay there again for any visit to Chiacgo because it is close to the L train and the bus too.	
Nov 16 2008 	Depends on what you want... A nice hotel or a convinient place to rest	We are a family owned company, and I had a tight budget to run an exhibit at the McCormick center...so we chose the Cinatown Hotel Sro. You will find some helpful advice below. 1) Location, Locationa) We stayed at the Chinatown Sro Hotel for a week (7 days). There is no &quot;hotel parking&quot; so if you brought a car, you will be paying $10 a night to park in a supervised parking lot (a 2 min walk). You can however unload and load your car for 10 min outside the hotel.b) The hotel is less than a 3 min walk from the Red line train station Cermak/Chinatown. You can get on just about any other train to get anywhere you want from here. Fares are $2 each, and only 25c when you ride another train within 2 hrs.c) Excellent food. You can smell Chinatown before you see it. It smells like sweet and sour chicken and beer. My advice is to go for the resturants with the most god-awful gawdy lookings signs. King Wok is a good choice. Looks terrible on the outside, but upstairs you will be pleasantly surprised. Our theory was of they could afford the sign, they must have customers paying for it. You can also go just up the road to China square , which is a compound full of great resturants. Spoilt for choice.d) Lower crime rate. The Chinese generally look after their own neighborhood. I felt safer walking in Chinatown at night than in other &quot;dodgy&quot; areas of Chicago.e) 15 min walk to the McCormick center, you will save $20 a day in cab fares if you choose the healthy route. You can comprimise by grabbing a biscuit from the McDonalds along the way. 2) The Hotela) Friendly staff. The staff do speak English, just be patient, and were quite hepful. You will need to request extra towels to be given everyday, as their towels are cheap and Chinese, and soak up very little. Also, you may want to request a second room heater in cold weather (see details further on).b) The room keys. I still have to figure out how these worked. They are like pieces of tin that slide into the door handles. I have never seen this system before. If you pay by cash there is a deposit required for the room key, but not if you pay by credit card. c) The hotel internet only works downstairs. &quot;Free wireless&quot; is a joke, and the manager sid that it was becuase his server was too small to handle over 10 users on at one time... why offer it ?d) This hotel was built for Chinese people. The foyer looks nice, but once in the stairwell or corridor it is another story. They are tiny. I had to contort my body to avoid hitting my head in the stairwells, and it is a real trick with luggage, as there is no elevator. Luckily we were on the first floor.3) The Roomsa) VERY basic, I think I had more aminities in my Air Force barraks. The room view was a darn sight better than the two nasty alleys that these two windows fell open to. (I say fell, because neither worked correctly, and they both were very draughty when closed.... use your extra bath towels here!)b) Heat. (BYOSH) Bring your own space heater. Once is provided, but it is not enough. The hotel is draughty at night. Temps outside were about 32F, and it was pretty chilly inside. c) The beds are very small. I am 6'6&quot;. 250lb, and a completely covered the twin bed. I could not move left or right and my feet stuck out 1 foot over the end of the bed.d) The bathroom. Do not place wet towels on the towel rack. The exessive weight will make it pop off the wall.The showerhead is held by a plastic clamp, and it cannot be positioned to wash your body. The shower nozzle can be removed, however. In cold temps make sure that you dry off while the shower door is shut.e)TV. You get 7 channels. 2 are so fuzzy they look like snow storms. 2 are in Spanish and 1 in Chinese. So you are left with CNN and ESPN. The bottom line - If you want a cheap hotel in Chicago, near the McCormick center and you are not going to be bringing your customers back to the place, stay at the Chinatown Sro. It will save you lots of money in the long run. The hotel also makes a super reason to get out. You do not want to stay in your room for anything else other than bathing and sleep and for these two activities, it works as good as any US Army barrack.	
Jun 28 2008 	Decent. That's about it	Overall the Chinatown hotel got the job done. There are no elevators; i had to climb 3 stories with 2 bags and a backpack. The room internet did not work; but oh well. Check in time is 3pm but my room was not ready until 4:30p. Even then i had to ask; nobody said that it was ready. The room air conditioner worked but it did not produce any really cool air. The attached picture is an actual shot that i took on Sunday, 6/22/08. I was there for some training downtown. Location was great and lots of chinese restaurants nearby.	
May 20 2008 	Good hotel at great location	This is the 2nd time I've stayed there. Very small rooms (standard) and rather large bathrooms, all was clean. I didn't need any help from the front desk so I don't know how good the staff is but they were friendly when I checked in.The biggest plusses are the price (around $100 including tax) and that the CTA Red Line is only a few minutes away which means that you can be in the loop in less than 10 minutes.Free coffee, tea, and computers with internet at the ground floor. No food service but there4 are literally 100s of restaurants right outside the door.Chinatown is a safe neighbourhood but you will get a lot of requests for 'change' if you walk into the area East of the CTA tracks.Recommended by this Dane but don't expect miracles! Oh, there is no elevator which may be a problem but not for me.Have a safe trip /Jesper	
May 3 2008 	Best Dim Sum just two blocks away!	It's definitely not a Marriott. But some of the best Dim Sum in the midwest is just a couple of blocks away at the Phoenix. And the red line is two blocks away, and where else can you find a hotel in Chicago for under $85 (book direct) tax included. Lousy TV reception and no view, but I'm not spending any time in the room except to sleep, so that's OK with me. IT'S NOT FANCY! Just clean, convenient and cheap.	
Apr 5 2008	Location location location	Average but excellent for the price. I attended a large convention and the organizers listed all sorts of hotel options, all in the $200 plus range. All far from the convention. This place is walkable to the McCormick place. I would not walk at night. 3 minutes from the Metro. And, best of all right in the middle of a number of excellent restaurants. Mostly Chinese, but the type of places that locals line up for. The rooms are clean and adequate. Nothing grand. More like a dormitory at a college. But totally ok. Internet access is free and have terminals downstairs. Also a lunch room with microwave. Front desk are not the most helpful or polished in town. But, for the price this is a good place to stay. Especially if you are on your feet all day at the McCormick Place for an exhibition.	
Apr 4 2008 	Stay away!!!!! Terrible experience	This hotel was absolutely disgusting. Non-smoking rooms reeked of smoke. Front desk was unhelpful (didn't have a firm grasp of English). In particular, the manager was outright rude. I had an incredibly negative experience. I left as it was unclean and disgusting and found another hotel. Do not make the mistake I made and make reservations on Orbitz as you will get charged for one night. I was there for 10 or 15 minutes and decided it was just not worth it and the hotel charged me for a night's stay and would not refund my money. Spend $50 more and go to some place decent. Stay away from this place.	
Feb 24 2008 	Good Value Bad Service	It was what I expected for the price. The room was small but clean. The front desk was not very helpful but did hold on to a few items that I accidentally left behind until I was able to return later that night to pick them up. The parking was about a 2 blocks away from the hotel and a homeless man followed us into the hotel from the corner. I paid $72 for one night and I probably will not stay there again. One convenience was that the train was so close.	
Jan 10 2008 	Unbelievable value!	I came by in Sept 2006 for a conference with the plan to stay a few more days to see the sights. No way I could afford the $200/night prices of the typical downtown place for five nights...and that was discounted conference rate! The total would've been more than my monthly rent at that point and I live in LA! But then I found this gem in Chinatown at $55/night for a double! What a find! And correct me if I'm wrong, but there is really nothing downtown in the price range between this place and the $200/night places. This is a basic hotel. No frills. You get a nice clean bedroom with a nice clean bed and a nice clean spare bathroom. The decor is uninspiring. There is no view. BUT what I really appreciated was that the walls were quite thick. The rooms were quiet, and I slept soundly at night, which is all I really need. It felt private. The water was hot enough. The rooms were warm enough. Not the most romantic of lighting, but I could study. Rooms were safe, secure, and our luggage was undisturbed.The hotel is located in Chinatown. It has restaurants open late and there is dimsum in the restaurants on the weekends. There are panhandlers, but that's a fact of Chinatown and Chicago, not the fault of the hotel. They do lock the hotel at night for security purposes, but you can wake the guy behind the counter up and he'll let you in. The hotel is two blocks from the metro station and those two blocks are no worse (and no better) than any downtown Chicago block at 2am. The place is a great value for its location. Sure, you could have all the amenities of a fancy hotel, if you can afford it. Sure you could have a slightly better hotel, Holiday Inn, say, at about $100/night, if you're willing to commute in from the 'burbs or the airport each day. But this place is designed for, and probably run by, the kind of people like my parents: old-school Chinese immigrants who just want the necessities. We don't need an elevator, we can walk. Why does each room need it's own hair dryer and ironing board and terrace and wet bar and whatnot? What a waste, they would say. We should just share those things. And you can get all of those things (kitchen stuff, hair dryer, ironing board) from the front desk. My parents used to bring along their own hotpot on trips to cook their own meals. That's how cheap they were (and still are). For me, that's a bit too much, but it's that kind of simple life that this hotel caters to. And hey, isn't it time we stopped buying magazines telling us how to live a simple life and actually started living one?Okay, I digress. This hotel is simply a great value. And it's online!Jenny K, Los Angeles, CA	
Nov 15 2007 	Decided to check out the place for myself.	First of all, call the place directly. I got a better price than theinternet rate. While I agree with one of the reviewers about thestreet light and the cheap plastic blinds, the overall stay was notbad. The suite had no view to speak of, but the living room area did have a fold out sofa, a love seat, micro wave, fridge, 36 in Sony, dvd player, vhs recorder, dinette and a Jacuzzi. The bedroom was pretty much dominated by the king size bed, but also had a smaller Sony, on a desk and an ok sized closet.The bathroom was small with a shower stall, toilet and sink. Not much room to lay out yout toilette articles though.I write all of this as I didn't know what to expect based on thereviews and so I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the living area.It is an old place and it only has three floors and the caveate isthat there is no elevator. My roon was on the seconf floor, but youhad to climb stairs to get to the first floor.The room was clean and so other than the lights I have no complaints.The staff was friendly and all speak with a rather pronounced Chinese accent. Some more than others. I didn't really have a problem with it, but I can see where same might.The train station is a couple of blocks away. It is about a 15 minride to the Mag. Mile. Only problem there is the red line was going through construction and so coming back later in the evening was a bit confusing as you couldn't take the usual stations to return. Kind of nice that there are some Chinese restaurants close by to grab a late night bite. But that is all there is. Closest thing to American is Walgreens a couple of blocks away.Overall, I would stay here again. But definitely get the larger suiteand maybe get some cardboard to block out the street light.Check out the pics.	
Oct 15 2007	left after one night	I had a 'deluxe' room here -- the window wouldn't close, and the plastic blinds over window were insufficent to keep out the bright yellow streetlight buring all night just outside the window. I was unable to sleep because of the light, and because of the hum of transformers on the power line just outside. I did not feel particularly safe here. The wifi didn't work, etc. Really a budget hotel, great for student or backpackers, not suitable for biz traveller or mcormick attendee. After one night (intended 3), switched to more conventional hotel 2m away at twice the price, just walking away from the other two nights charges at SRO.	
Sep 25 2007 	Excellent for the price	Ignore all the bad reviews about this hotel - had a great time there.Staff were friendly and it was right beside the L station.	
Sep 4 2007 	exellent for the money	When we arrived they noticed that the guest before us had taken the keys. We were there a little early but we had to go to the cubs game so the front desk held our bags until after the game. when we arrived back they had the new key ready for us and handed us our bags. The room is smaller than usual, but it is sufficient. Train stop is very close and there are lots of good places to eat and tea shops all around and they are very cheap. Just as a note if you take the train anywhere after the Sox 35 exit (Chicago White Sox) be careful about walking around, just hop on a bus and it will be much safer.other than that Chicago is great and the hotel is great. just one other note. watch out for beggars there are a lot in Chicago. very few by the hotel except one followed us from the train station to the hotel harrasing us. The hotel made him leave.	
Aug 22 2007 	Good basic hotel	We booked this hotel by calling it directly which resulted in a lower price than through the online websites. We liked this hotel, it was a good basic hotel and it was a very good value for the price. It is in the heart of Chinatown only about 3 blocks from the Red Line so is just a few stops from downtown and in what seems like a safe area. The staff was friendly and spoke English well. It is on 3 floors, no elevator. The room was small but large enough for us and contained a queen bed, desk, 2 side tables at the bed, a chair and a stool and had a small closet. There was a shower in the bathroom. The room was clean and was cleaned every day of our 3 night stay. It was quiet and the individual air conditioner worked well. There was a kitchen room on the lower floor with coffee, a microwave, refrigerator and free internet. We would stay there again.	
Jul 14 2007 	Does what it says on the tine 	We were looking for a reasonably priced, central, hotel in Chicago to stay for 2 days before embarking on a Route 66 motorbike tour.I had some hesitations booking this hotel after the mixed reviews I read, but the price difference to other centrally located hotels was considerable, so we booked it in the end.The rooms are small for two people, but they're clean. The staff was friendly and there's a little tea kitchen at the back with a microwave and a soda machine.It's only a short walk to the train station and only a few stops to the Loop. Provided you like Chinese food, you have more options for dinner than you can poke a stick at.A big Wallmart for stocking up on travel supplies is just around the corner.If you're looking for a reasonably priced place to stay in Chicago and don't mind the small rooms, then this place is perfectly okay.	
Jul 12 2007 	Scabies - Don't stay here!	1. Today we finally got confirmation that we have scabies. It is treatable and we will be ok in a few weeks. At first we thought we had BedBugs (This would be HUGE HUGE problem) and the emotional stress from this was gigantic. We then went to the doctor who thought we had foliculitus but finally now we know after more then 2 weeks we have Scabies. We could only have received them from here.2. They say they have parking for pay there but these guys haven't paid their bill or something with the contract place so it didn't work and it was a HUGE hasstle.3. Other then 1 and 2 it seemed clean and was a nice place near the RED line and everything. I would have recommended this place if it wasn't for number 1 but lets face it number 1 is huge.I have done a lot of traveling and have never picked anything up from a hotel before!Find somewhere else to stay and just visit Chinatown instead!	
Jun 19 2007 	It was ok	It was decent for the price..Took awhile for the shower to heat up. But it was an alright place to stay. We stayed 2 nights and Im thinking about staying there again.	
Nov 22 2006 	Excellent price for simple accomodations near the Red Line	We stayed at the Chinatown Hotel SRO for 8 days in September. I had read many favorable and unfavorable reviews and was a bit nervous about booking for so long, but we were very pleased with our stay.We didn't want to spend a lot of money but we wanted to be close to downtown and thats exactly what we got. The hotel is about 2 blocks from the Cermack-Chinatown Red Line station, and only a few stops from the Loop. Its incredibly convenient. At night we took a cab back to the hotel which was very cheap because we were so close to downtown.The hotel is on a side street, making it quieter than I thought it would be. The lobby is attractive and while the person at the front desk doesn't speak much English, they were helpful and friendly. They even let us stow our luggage behind the desk on our last day so we could do more sigthseeing before our flight out. The hotel is very basic. The rooms are quite small, really, not much bigger than the bed itself, but still is just enough room to get dressed, sleep, etc. The bathroom was very small, but serviceable. I felt that it was very clean, and each day our room was cleaned and made up nicely while we were out. The hotel provided basic toiletries.The AC worked very well, which we really appreciated with the muggy weather.Overall I felt that having paid less than $80 a night, we got a great deal. If you are looking for the normal amenties of a hotel like a Marriott (ice machine, recommendations from the front desk, larger room, etc.) you will not be happy here. If you are looking for a good deal on a safe, simple, clean room, you will be very pleased.	
Jul 30 2006 	Honest friendly people	I love this place. nicely price and great location. you could take the train from the airport. to the train station thats 5mins walk away. I accidentally misplace my miniDV and the frontdesk actually keep it for me till my friend was in the area go and pick it up for me. He even ask me his name and ask for his photo ID when he went over and pick it up. Highly recommended.	
Jun 21 2006	Chinatown A-OK	This is a charming Chinese-style hotel. It is clean, basic, compact. It reminds me of my travels through China. Quite comfortable. It is just a few blocks off the Chinatown Red Line L station and many bus routes so getting downtown on CTA couldn't be easier.The staff is friendly, though some struggle with their english- they mean well and a little patience goes a long way.Right in the middle of Chicago's Chinatown, it is just a block or two from the finest asian restaurants in Chicago.I love staying here.	
May 27 2006	Avoid this hotel!	We stayed there for a day and were very disappointed with it. The hotel staff were loud and rude. Their limited English made communication difficult. Our room reeked of alcohol the very first time we entered. There were a few homeless people right outside the hotel both during the day and at night. Most shops were closed by 7pm (except for some restaurants), making Chinatown rather quiet and not that safe a place at night. When we took the subway at nearby Cermark station, a homeless pounded on us when we were engrossed in feeding the ticket vending machine with dollar notes...kind of scary.	
May 8 2006	Best for singles	This hotel is located in a good location for travel to the Loop and other venues and is value priced. Both are important factors in whether you should stay in the hotel. Chinatown is a safe although unique neighborhood of Chinese restaurants and flea markets. It is not a family friendly hotel or neighborhood although ideal for a single or couple who are going to be spending their time outside the room. The room itself is tiny although clean (as in barely room for the bed and a nightstand-small tv no radio or alarm clock). There are no real amemities or services (internet did not work). Overall it is better than Super8 or Motel6 but nowhere near Red Roof Inn or other similar chains.	
Dec 19 2005 	Great value	I love this little hotel. Teh people are very friendly and helpful. THe price is reasonable.I stay here whenever I am in Chicago.	
Nov 11 2005	I think I can find a better place with this price	The room was too small even for a single person. The only space you can have in the room is setting on the bed. The blanket was dirty and I could find some human's hairs on it. There is no way you can adjust the air-conditioning. The hotel staff was polite and helpful, but one thing made me feel uncomfortable was: The housekeeper complained I made the bed sheet very dirty. I think it was so ridiculous saying that in front of the customer. As I was just overnight alone for one day and out for most of the day, I think the bed sheet was probably dirty before I checked in and I didn't notice. By the way, I think you hardly can find a cheaper hotel in downtown, but you definitely can find a nice hotel like Travelodge with this price or less near the airport area. The transit is excellent as well. The bus stop is just in front of the hotel.	
Oct 26 2005	Best bang for the buck!	Was looking for a cheap place to stay during the Sox world series and Chinatown SRO fit the bill perfectly! As the other reviews say, the night staff doesn't speak english that well, but I managed to communicate. The only annoying thing was the main doors are lock after midnight, so you have to wake up the night door man to let you in. But other than that, the location is &quot;old&quot; chinatown and is quite lively in the wee hours. I also liked the fact that the red L line was only a block away, which run 24 hours, great for bars ;-). Rooms weren't the best in Chicago, they are similiar to what you can expect in a motel 8 or similar level motel/hotels. Overall I give the place a B+ for value and location!	
Aug 29 2005	Excellent Stay in CHinatown	I was a little concerned about staying at the Chinatown Hotel after reading some of the reviews on this site. However, I was very pleased with my experience. The rooms are small but they are clean and comfortable. The staff is very friendly and helpful. The train station is across the main street and is a very short ride (two stops or so) into the loop. If you are on a budget, are not looking for fancy hotel ammenities, but still want to stay downtown, this is a great option.	
Aug 24 2005	great for the money	My son and I stayed at the Chinatown hotel for 3 nites recently-he's still in college and wanted to go to Chicago to do some sightseeing. My wife did not go-only he and I went. I don't need 5 star hotels myself and neither did my son. We have gone to other cities over the past 5 years. We spend little time in the room except to sleep and take a shower. We cover a lot of territory and see as many tourist attractions as possible.Chinatown hotel is basic, clean and has an excellent location for the money. It's only two blocks to the tram ($5 for an all day pass is great). We try to cover the most distance and see all we can in a short time period. It was great for our purpose. The staff was very nice (all spoke english except one older gentleman). Our room was very clean and the bathroom was quite large. We did not see any bugs while we were there. Although there was no elevator, climbing to the second floor was no problem for us. Parking is available two blocks away if needed. Although we had a rental car, we found a parking space on the street in front of the hotel every nite.I love Chinese food and so does he. There are many fine restaurants very near. We ate at a different one each nite. They gave so much food, we just ordered one plate with an extra order of rice. That was plenty for both of us. The prices were very reasonable for dinner.Each afternoon or early evening when we returned to our room, the bed was made, bathroom was cleaned up, and everything straightened up very nicely. In summary I found the hotel great for our needs. No, it's not a four or five star hotel. But it was clean, very cheap and had a great location and we really liked it for the money. I would certainly go back in the future if I needed to go to Chicago.If anyone has any questions, I would be glad to answer them by email if you want.	
Aug 22 2005	not one of the best places to stay at	The hotel is an older one but the rooms were clean. There were no elevators and the night staff didn't speak english. Parking for the hotel and other businesses are about a block away and if you get a parking pass, you can't leave in and out.	
Aug 3 2005	Great Value!	I admit I was terrified of staying here after reading the reviews describing bugs and whatnot, but since I needed to save money, I did it anyway. I brought bathroom cleaner and fresh sheets and towels just in case... but didn't end up needing any of it. I was very pleasantly surprised to find everything very clean and quite nice considering it was so cheap! Our only problem was that the air conditioner unit leaked all over the window sill... not that it affected us at all. I also loved being close to the CTA... we took it everywhere, and being having a stop so close to the hotel was very convenient for traveling to all museums, Michigan Avenue and the other little restaurants we went to in town.Overall, I was very pleased with the decision to stay at Chinatown Hotel, and if you're bargain-hunting, I highly recommend it.	
Jul 18 2005	Enjoyed our stay in Chinatown.	We stayed 4 nights at the Chinatown SRO and enjoyed it very much. For $65 a night + tax we were suspicious, but were pleasantly surprised. For that price we weren't expecting elegance, but as we were bringing our 3 year-old and infant we did want it to be safe and clean. We were able to get a two-room &quot;suite&quot; (double bed + twin bed) which worked great. We toured the neighborhood a few times and found it very interesting. We were out late one night and always felt safe - plenty of people around as many restaurtants are open 'til 2 a.m. The rooms and bathroom were always clean, with no smoke smell or bugs. Downstairs there was a refrigerator, microwave, and computer for internet access. We had two TVs which had the usual cable stations plus a variety of Chinese programming. Plus the hotel is only a few minutes walk from the red-line stop which is just one stop away from the Museum Campus.Of course, there is nothing fancy about the hotel. No elevator, we had to bring our own portable crib, the bathroom was small, and sometimes it took a few minutes to get the water warm for the baby's bottle. But it was an above average value considering we saved $200-300 over the next best priced hotel available.	
Jul 13 2005	Dirty Small Rooms/Convenient access to Downtown/Inexpensive price	I stayed there 2 nights in July 2005. The night shift reception doesn't understand a word of English! The hotel is located near to rough areas of the city. It may not be safe to walk out after 11PM. But it's very convenient to use CTA red line trains to the middle of downtown. The CTA station is very near. If you have a car you need to pay 3.5$ each time you enter the parking that is located 3-5 minute walk from the hotel.The rooms are small &amp; not clean. The toilet flash was almost broken. There was no ventilation in the bathroom. The second day, I saw a bug in the room!You need to go and borrow the hair dryer from the reception if you need it!There are 2 computers in the lobby to connect to internet. One was not working. The other was Ok, But not that good.There is a microwave to use in the lobby.There is no elevator and the stairs are not standard (very sharp).If you are on a limited budget, It's ok because of inexpensive price and convenient access to downtown.	
Jun 30 2005 	Very good location very good value	The hotel is located in the middle of Chinatown and is walking distance to many shops and restaurants; it is also on the busline and on the red CTA train line for easy commute to the airport. McCormick convention center is a 5 minute bus ride from the hotel or 20 minute walk. This is probably one of the closest hotels to the convention center for the best price.The rooms and bathrooms are small but clean and adequate. High speed internet access free in the room, as well as, in the lobby where there are several computers provided for customer use at no charge. There is no elevator, so be prepared to walk the stairs with your luggage. The hotel staff is very nice and accommodating. Overall, I would stay here again and had a good experience.	
