Oct 18 2009 	close to uic campus	excellent accomidations.Rooms were luxerious and I felf pampered	
Sep 21 2009 	The lady very professional  friendly 	I had called 9-20-09 to make a reservation for us in Oct. of 2009 mid afternoon, the lady (sorry didn't get her name ) was very very helpfull. I had been trying to book flights out there from SD &amp; had talked to several different airlines to accomplish this, ontop of being sick with a cold, I was very frustrated with the treatment I had received over the phone. When I had called to make the resrevation the lady who answered the phone, was so polite, very friendly &amp; so helpful. I just could believe the difference. She made me feel so much better &amp; put my mind at ease about coming out there for my fathers surgery. She was OUTSTANDING and should be told. More people need to be like her. I look forward to meeting her in person when I'm out there in Oct.	
Jul 28 2009 	Typical Marriott comfort - nothing spectacular but nothing bad either...	Stayed for three nights with the UIC rate ($169/night).The good:+ Comfortable, clean, spacious room+ Conveniently located to UIC and 5 minutes from Taylor street (lots of restaurant options)+ Friendly staff+ Reasonable fitness room - ~6 pieces of cardio equipment and free weights with one bench+ Reasonably priced restaurant with good selection of options (for a hotel)The bad:+ Internet was wireless only and was not free - Marriott needs to differentiate itself by making this free across all of its brands. Internet access is now no longer the &quot;novelty&quot; it was two decades ago!+ No ability to turn up the heat - choice was either Air Conditioning (very cold) or no fan. I went with the latter...	
Jul 9 2009 	Very nice hotel centrally located	My wife and I travelled to Chicago for a long weekend. We received this room from priceline.com for a wonderful discount. The hotal was very centrally located to everything we desired to do. We had no problems at all and the hotel was clean and as nice as other Marriots I have visited. Prices were slightly high, but that comes with staying at a Marriot.	
Jun 9 2009 	Good Hotel great location great value	I stayed at this hotel in June 2009 while in Chicago to attend a sporting event at Soldier Field. The hotel is located just outside the loop and to the south of a major highway.The hotel appears to have been recently renovated. The amenities are modern and new. The bathrooms are rather large and quite functional. The hotel is located in the heart of the medical district, and as a result there are not many restaurants or shops in the immediate area. The closest CTA station is the Polk station on the pink line, which is directly connected to the loop. The hotel does offer a shuttle that leaves every half hour to bring you to local restaurants as well as to the Racine stop on the blue line, which will bring you to O'Hare Airport.My only complaint was the air conditioning wasn't working properly in my end of the hotel, and the hotel maintenance was slow to fix it after numerous rooms complained about it. Otherwise, the hotel staff was knowledgeable and friendly, and the hotel is in an excellent location.	
Jun 4 2009 	Excellent	This hotel was excellent. Of course I say that given we booked the room through priceline at $60USD per night plus taxes. I would not pay the $350USD advertised on the website for the same time period.The actual hotel is quite modern or has been very recently updated. The rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable, but the actual size of the rooms are quite small in comparison to other hotels. If you're only sleeping the in hotel like we did then it's not really a big deal. The front desk staff are extremely helpful. I called ahead to request things such as king beds, late check out, adjoining rooms and such but for some reason the request was lost. None the less the front desk staff worked quickly to still provide us with every requested item including an early check in as we arrive 2 hours earlier then expected.This hotel is only a couple blocks from Polk subway station to get downtown and from Taylor street where you can easily grab something to eat/drink. The area around the hotel is very clean and safe as well. The only complaint I would have is the ambulence sirens that go off in the night. I heard them once a night but other sound sleepers didn't hear them at all. It really was only a couple seconds before they were gone and I was asleep again.	
Oct 22 2008 	The Price Was Right	We decided to take our three children to Chicago for our fall break. We booked the Marriott on Priceline for $115 a night. If you are going to the city to sightsee and shop, it's a fine hotel if you don't mind taking the public transportation into the city. You can easily take the train or the bus to Michigan Avenue in about 20-30 minutes. We didn't feel unsafe even coming back to the hotel at night. We basically used it as a place to sleep and went sightseeing and shopping all day. There is a bus stop right in front of the hotel and they have a free shuttle that takes you to the nearby train stop. The front desk staff was excellent in helping us figure out what bus or train we needed to take to get to where we wanted to go. The lobby is nicely decorated. Our room was clean, but worn. The side chair in the room was so beat up that I'm really suprised that they hadn't hauled it to the dumpster. The beds were comfy. Suprisingly I only heard one siren in the middle of the night even though we were right across the street from the hospital. We parked in the hospital parking lot b/c that was only $13 a night and the hotel parking was $28. You don't have in and out priveleges at the hospital garage, but we used the bus/train to get around. Definitely not a 3.5 star like it is rated on Priceline, but we were happy with the money we saved by staying here and felt the staff was great.	
Oct 3 2008 	Not as Nice as the Typical Marriott	I stayed at this hotel for business at the end of September, into October, 2008. I thought the room was below average compared to the typical Marriott. The wallpaper was starting to peel in certain locations, the rug was a little worn, and the mattress was really hard. Also, I'm not sure if I was being more microscopic than usual, but I seemed to find lots of little hairs all over, including on the bedspread, pillows, and sheets. Perhaps the worst part of my experience was the noise. My room was facing the main road and Rush University is building a new hospital across the street from the hotel. On my first night, they were doing construction through the night and I had a tough time falling asleep. They did not work any of the other nights, but they did get started pretty early in the morning. Furthermore, there are a lot of other hospitals in the area (it's called Medical District for a good reason!) and I heard lots of ambulances throughout the night. Of course, I traveled with another person from my office and he did not complain of any noise, as his room was on a different side of the hotel and he could not hear the construction or ambulances.This hotel had a few positives, though. First and foremost, although you are not staying in the main Chicago downtown, there is a city bus line that is right outside the hotel and will take you downtown in less than 15 minutes for just two dollars each way. Also, you are in easy walking distance (about 3-4 blocks) of Little Italy where there are plenty of interesting local restaurants to dine at, and you can also walk to the Jewel-Osco supermarket. The hotel staff was very helpful, too. A worker at the front desk very happily printed out my airplane boarding pass for me (the free computer in the lobby - only for printing out boarding passes and not for free internet surfing - was not working) and she also reserved a shuttle for my trip back to O'Hare.If you plan on visiting Chicago for pure leisure, I wouldn't recommend this hotel. You'd be much better off staying in &quot;The Loop&quot; (the main downtown area), but if you have business to attend to on the South Side, I'd check this hotel out.	
Sep 1 2008 	Functional place to stay in Chicgo	We spent 3 nights here for our son's wedding, occupying 2 rooms with other family members and friends also staying. For $140/night in the Chicago area, it wasn't a bad value. The hotel is not downtown, but downtown is easily accessible by car (not recommended) or train.We found the employees to all be very friendly, pleasant and helpful. The breakfast, while pricey as one would expect in a chain hotel in a major city, wasn't exorbitant and was a pleasant buffet. On site parking is expensive at $28/day, but there really is not much other choice.	
Aug 12 2008 	Chicago baseball weekend	My 13-year-old son and I stayed for a baseball weekend. The hotel is conveniently located between Wrigley and US Cellular. I was looking for a reasonable and safe place to stay and I was very pleased. The staff was pleasant and helpful. The room was clean and comfortable. An east / west and north / southbound bus is available right outside the door. The &quot;L&quot; is a friendly shuttle away. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a simply lovely experience in Chicago right outside the hustle and bustle of the city.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great restaurtant/Bar/Breakfast - noisy room!	The breakfast was excellent, as was the menu for lunch and evening dinner and I had a delicious steak there. Friendly bar staff.Used their free shuttle servicve to take me back and forwards to the UIC for a conmference - they never ran it when you wanted to so you often had to take a taxi, but at &lt;$10 a go, hardly painful. They dropped me off at the train station to take the subway to O'Hare airport - this is the ONLY way to do it - costs $2 and is direct and goes straight past teh traffic that you can see sitting stationary on the motorway and beats the $50 taxi fare it took to get to the hotel (off peak, arriving at 23:00hrs).The room was problematic - VERY noisy. Being in medical district, there were loud sierens and the air con unit made a racket - even when it was switched off, it whirred away so I'm glad I took ear plugs.The saving grace were the staff in the bar/restaurant.Not very convenient for going out and about in the evening - although within walking distance of Little Italy which did look ok, but I woulnd't have wanted to stray too far off the main road as the area looked a little rough.	
Jun 7 2008 	Perfect Property and Location	I've stayed at this Marriot property on several occasions and it never disappoints. The rooms are comfortable, the staff is excellent, and the location (West Loop - Little Italy - Greektown) is ideal. The proximity to the best restaurants (Rosebud - amazing Italian; Illinois Bar and Grill on Taylor - Best hamburger in the entire universe; Yummi Thai - fabulous pad Thai and my favorite “Tiger w/ shrimp”; and, Drum and Monkey - cold beer and good people), multiple Chicago El/train stops, and just a short taxi/bus/train ride to the Magic Mile can all be found at the Marriott Chicago Downtown Medical District/UIC. The free shuttle service is a real bonus if you just don't enjoy walking the beautiful Chicago neighborhoods. By the way, the desk clerk, Victoria, is a real sweet heart.	
Apr 28 2008 	Only if you want to be near RUSH Medical Center	This is like a low budget Marriot. Clean but the hotel had few amenities. Unless you want to be across the street from University of Illinois or RUSH medical center, do not use this hotel. The online information gave me the impression that getting into downtown and the loop was just a few easy trainstops down the road. Kind of true....it's two blocks to the train station and then several stops to downtown; it takes long enough that you don't want to go back and forth for the day, so you have to schlep all your stuff with you. My son lives in Chicago, and he did not advise that I (or any woman on her own) take the train at night, so that meant high taxi bills to get back. Others may disagree with the safety issue; hard to know when you don't live there. Anyway...the main problem is that this hotel is far from anything interesting. Also, the concierge was sweet but she really knew very little. She told me the wrong bus line, etc.Here is what I learned this trip: If you are going to bid on Priceline, do not include areas that you are not 100% sure of and don't go below four stars. I've gotten incredible deals that way, but this time, I lost out. Lesson learned.	
Mar 1 2008 	very comfortable	We had a very comfortable stay here and encountered no problems. They have a convenient no charge shuttle to several points which we took and then walked to our destination from there. We had breakfast at their restaurant and were not pleased with the choices or prices. They have a large variety of restaurant menus to choose from that would deliver, at their reception desk. We chose a Tai restaurant one night that was excellent. It was overall a pleasant experience.	
Sep 9 2007 	Great stay	I went to Chicago to go to a club with a bunch of friends for the weekend. We decided to stay here because it was very well priced. There are lots of good things to say about this hotel. The rooms were big and clean. The bedroom had two big comfy beds. The bathroom had: shampoo, conditioner, soap, and lots of towels. The only negative is it is VERY hard to catch a cab outside of the hotel. During the day, it is a short walk to the subway, but it didn't feel safe enough to catch a train at night. The desk staff was very good about getting cabs.	
Aug 23 2007 	Got checked into someone else's room!	Well when we checked into the hotel, my first impression was, wow ok better then I expected. The lobby was nice with some comfy chairs to seat in. Then we got all checked in and headed upstairs to our room. Guess what! The room was already occupied!! They had checked us into a room that had someone in it. Thank God that person wasn't in the room at the time, because that would have been relativly uncomfertable... Anyway we headed back down to the lobby to get a different room. What we had expected was an upgrade or a night free or something of the sort, but no, all we got was an apology. In our second room things weren't that great. There was a ciggarette hole in the curtains, the carpet was falling apart in one area, the bathroom door handle was broken, it was almost impossible to get cold water from the faucet, and the faucet squeaked VERY loudly. Our first night we noticed you can hear EVERYTHING that happens in the halls, people were out there all night long banging on doors and talking loudly. And, while I'm sure it was nice, the breakfast buffet in the adjoining restuarant was $25, which is absoulutly rediculous!There are some redeeming qualities of the hotel however, it was decorated very nicely and only 3 blocks from an el station, which was wonderful, we didn't have to use our car all weekend. And it's only a block or two away from a cafe called Pompeii which was delicious! And on the same street (Taylor, I think) there were many restaurants including the orginal Rosebud's and Starbucks. But being the Medical District you are right across the street from The Rush Medical Center, which could be good for some, but not us. The ambulance entrance was right across the street.	
Aug 20 2007 	Clean Friendly Staff Classy Decor	A friend booked some rooms for us for an overnight in Chicago as we were visiting some museums, etc. What a pleasant surprise to have such a nice clean hotel with the friendliest and most helpful staff, from the front desk to the valets to the cleaning staff. All were well spoken, excellent grammar, friendly, polite, smiling. The front desk personnel were most helpful in assisting us to locate restaurants in the area providing menus, free shuttle service, etc. The parking at the hotel is a little steep ($26) plus tips, but the service was excellent and worth the money. I would definitely stay here again.	
May 16 2007 	Great Service Average Hotel	I recently stayed at this hotel for business. For business purposes, especially if you are working in the area this hotel is fine, your average marriott, nothing that special. The rooms are comfortable but dated. The beds are very comfortable and the a.c worked well, I had no problem sleeping. The bathrooms are a bit dated and small but you can work with it. The internet is WiFi and a bit slow but it does ok. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful and makes a big difference here when rating this hotel. Otherwise the rooms are basic, a bit dated, a little worn but comfortable. Its fine if you have something going on in the area, but if your in Chicago for anything other then business in the area you might want to look elsewhere.	
Jan 20 2007	Nice hotel overall for business travelers tourists should look elsewhere	Just stayed here a few weeks ago and this hotel was quite nice inside. No pool, but nice workout center. The service at the desk was good, but the valet was HORRIBLE. Had to sit in my car for several minutes and then finally got out and walked up to him (he was on his phone) and he said &quot;just leave it, I got it&quot;. Same thing happened when I was leaving (on his phone) and he didn't bother to help me with all the luggage I had or anything. They don't offer self-parking either, so be prepared for the hefty 21 dollar valet charge. This hotel is convienent to the UIC campus, but there are better hotels that are much closer to things so I would discourage you from coming to this hotel unless for business. It is convienent to the expressway/loop.	
Nov 1 2006 	Hot apple cider and cookies	Stayed here 3 weekend nights, got a great deal on Priceline. Staff were great on arrival, very friendly, very quick check-in. Room was very large, 2 Queen size beds (unusual for big city hotel) and immaculately clean. Beds were so comfortable and best pillows ever (according to my wife)Although not quite city centre, still very central (opposite Rush medical centre). Taxis were cheap, $8 to Sears Tower, $9 to downtown, $11 to Rush and Division for nightlife, $13 to Navy Pier. Little Italy is only about a 10 minute walk.One very nice gesture was the complimentary hot apple cider and homemade cookies awaiting guests in the foyer. It was very cold outside so it was greatly appreciated.Also breakfast buffet ($11, i think), was excellent. Great porridge and proper sausages.Overall this is a superb 3 star hotel (could easily be 4 star). Had a great stay and would heartily recommend.	
Sep 28 2006 	A clean room only minutes away from dowtown	Went with five couples overnight. Four of us stayed here. Rooms were nice and clean. The hotel is not a 5-star, nor does it claim to be. Would definitely go back again. Only 2 blocks from the CTA's L train that will take you downtown in 10 minutes for very reasonable - $2.00/person one way, much cheaper than parking downtown or taking a taxi. If you are looking for the downtown Chicago hotel experience with a view, this isn't it. If you are looking for a reasonable, clean room for quite a bit less &amp; only minutes away, this is the one. It definitely met our expectations.	
Jul 5 2006	Better than expected Loved the Shuttle Good Value	I got this hotel through Priceline for an excellent price, given that I was there for a holiday weekend. At first I had some misgivings about location and the ease with which I would be able to get dowtown for inside the loop activities. Luckily, it was much easier than I had expected.The hotel is about .5 miles from the Racine Blue Line stop, so it's not too bad of a walk. If you are not a walker, there is a hotel shuttle bus that will take you to and from the train station for free. The shuttle takes hotel guests within a 1 mile radius of the hotel, so it won't take you all the way downtown, but will take you to the train station, restaurants (Giordano's was great!), Little Italy, Greektown, the hospitals, Harpo studios, etc., all of which are within 1 mile. I had no car and a CTA train pass and things worked out very well. Whenever we called the shuttle for a pick up, it never took more than 10-15 minutes, and the shuttle drivers were very helpful and full of suggestions for tourists. The hotel itself was nice, typical Marriott quality. The front desk staff were curteous and helpful. We had a non-smoking room, but it smelled a bit of old smoke, so that was a minus. The room was large and the amenities were good (Bath &amp; Body Works toiletries, cofee/tea in room, good tv channel selection, excellent bed/linens). Another bonus is there is free internet access in the lobby and in the business center for guests. All in all, I was pleasantly surprised. I would certainly consider staying here again. Not the best hotel if you want to be right in the heart of the loop and near all the attractions, but well worth it for the price. A nice respite from the downtown hustle and bustle, but still close enough to be convenient.	
Oct 18 2005	Definitely a very high 3 if not 4 star hotel	I am a frequent visitor to Rush hospital cancer treatment center. Many times I would rather not fight with the rush hour traffic so I began staying at this hotel right acrass the street. The shuttle will take you to the hospital, although it runs on a 1/2 hr schedule. Yuo can park in the parking ramp to avoid the $26 a night valet parking fee (Only parking offered). The hospital information desk sells parking passes for $20.00 for 5 stays, each stay 24 hrs or less per pass. The hotel is very elegant and beautifully decorated. The rooms arent overly large but spacous enough. The beds are top quality pillow top mattresses with super fluffy comforters. Rooks,the gourmet resturaunt on the first level, has a wide variety on the menu and also supplies a more limited menu for room service of excellent quality and less expensive than you would expect. Some rooms are business oriented with a nice work area with extra outlets. If you get a business room look at your bill because the computer system automatically adds $9.95 to your bill for wireles internet access. They have a few discounts for RUSH patients and prospective staff members but even without a discount I think you would be hard pressed to find a better/cheaper cost same quality hotel anywhere this close to the loop. The staff is completely professional, Kind and courteous From the valet to the Room service waitor and everyone in between. Aside from the few quirks (parking and internet things) This hotel is definitely worth planning a stay. I Am staying therelater today. K Gilgan	
Sep 15 2005 	Very Nice	An outstanding room and a great night of sleep. The bed and comforter were top notch, the room was modern with all of the conveniences. Clean facilities. Service at the restaurant was a little slow, but the food was good. Not inexpensive (this is Chicago). I’d stay here again.	
May 30 2005	Very Nice Hotel	Great hotel! It was very clean and the room was extremely comfortable. The pillows were soft and fluffy and the sheets and blankets were wonderful. They were also able to give us a ride downtown in the hotel's van, which was very nice. I would definetly stay here again even though it is not in the heart of downtown. Parking is expensive, but you will find that at most hotels.	
Oct 29 2004	Stay here if you are interviewing for a UIC position	Stayed here while interviewing for a residency spot at UIC. Clean. Friendly. Very close. Resident recruitment rate of $119/night. I was under the impression you'd get free internet via ethernet cables, but you have to pay $10 per day to rent a wireless password.Nice bar with a friendly bartender, also from Hawaii. Breakfast is tasty in the Rooks Corner restaurant.	
Sep 8 2004	Excellent hotel!	We stayed at the Marriott for two nights for a getaway into the city and though we were slightly disappointed when booking this hotel that it was the only Marriott property available in the city during the dates we were going, we were quite pleasantly surprised when we arrived at the hotel. This property is an oasis of calm on the edge (about 1 mile or 2 'L' stops from the Loop) of a lively, yet sometimes chaotic city. The lobby is done in warm, dark woods and resembles the den of Sherlock Holmes. Our guestroom was clean and comforable, with a primitive art (Egyptian-Sumerian style) adorning the walls.The location, in a safe neighborhood only blocks from Little Italy and Greektown on the Near West Side, is very easily accessable to the rest of the city via L and taxi. The hotel also offers a shuttle service between the hotel and the loop, as well as the Racine &quot;L&quot; stop.Cash-paying guests should be advised that the hotel levies a $30 refundable security deposit.We will return to this hotel as a quieter alternative to the noisy and often cacauphonous Loop/River North properties.	
