Nov 24 2009 	Oasis.	We had never stayed at a Holiday Inn so had no point of reference or expectations but I would be very surprised if other Holiday Inns are any where near the high quality of Holiday Inn Dubai-Al Barsha.The location on Sheikh Zayed Rd. is very convenient - walking distance to the Mall of Emirates (containing Ski Dubai) which also now has a Metro stop - the Dubai Metro is brilliant (and will be more so when all the stations are open) and can take you to Dubai Airport for only a few dirhams. The heat is oppressive in Dubai so to the Mall is about the only place you'll be able to walk to, fortunately though taxis in Dubai are cheap, clean and plentiful so a trip to the Burj Al Arab or the Dubai Mall is very affordable. When we checked-in there had been a mix up with our room and it took the manager a few moments to sort it out - thankfully he displayed total professionalism and upgraded us to a suite. Praise Allah ! The suite was massive and in pristine condition (as was the whole hotel) This made our two night was an absolute pleasure. Every request was attended to quickly and without fuss. Tipping is appreciated but not expected in UAE so you don't feel as if you are being hustled by good service - this was extremely refreshing !We dined at the Burj Al Arab (which I highly recommend) so cannot give an account of the restaurants in the hotel but their decor was fabulous. Alas I didn't sneak a glimpse of the alleged prostitutes at that bar mentioned in other reviews so can't comment on whether everything in Dubai is indeed bigger and better in this regard !We were particularly impressed with the rooftop pool and bar area - superb views of the Burj Al Arab. A great way to spend an hour or two to get the tan to show the friends back home that you were in the Middle East (not just in air-conditioned malls all the time)Dubai is a fabulous place for a break - not at all as plastic and soulless as I thought it would be - I can't wait to return and look forward to staying at the Holiday Inn Dubai-Al Barsha again !	
Nov 18 2009 	Great value	Having read previous reviews, I was nervous. One in paricular mentioned prostitutes using the hotel bar. We stayed for a week and I can honelsty say that the management must have cleaned up their act-not one prostitute in sight. The hotel is small by Dubai standards giving it a cozy feel. We had an executive King room and it was HUGE! The bed was gigantic and very comfortable. Whilst the pool is small it was never too busy and sunbeds were always available. The pool staff were excellent.We ate at the pool bar a number of times and found the quality excellent. Likewise the food in the Bar downstairs was delicious. A good selection of breakfast foods were available.Whilst not on Jameirah Beach, the hotel is very well located. A taxi to the beach costs approx £5. The Marina and downtown areas were easly accessible. Taxis were easy to find. There is a monorail station beside the hotel but it is not open yet. The Mall of Emirates is less than a five minute walk away. All and all a great little hotel which I would happily stay at again	
Nov 14 2009 	Good hotel for short business trip -	Stayed here twice this year - first visit Feb 09, when the Hotel opened I believe (not long anyway). What a difference in the way the room was made up each day! On my first visit it was faultless, the staff and in particular room service couldn't do enough and the room had all the complimentary items as you would expect 'topped up' every day without fail. This time around, room service was way below the standard you'd expect from a four star hotel and was not brilliant. We stayed 8 nights, on at least 5 of the days I had to call housekeeping to arrange for complimentary coffee / milk / water and on one occasion we had no bath towels!! Just poor room make up. Overall the Hotel is centrally (non city) located and ideal if you wish to visit Palm Island, Dubai Marina Jebel Ali etc. It is also quite close to the Jumeirah Hotels. No shuttle service but taxis are cheap. There is also a metro station in the Mall of the Emirates (snow dome etc) 5 min walk away - its ideal. There is also a metro station just outside the hotel and should be open in a month's time.Much cheaper to eat in the Mall of the Emirates than the Hotel - Hotel restaurants minimum meal price is AED100 (£18.00) per person. Mall of Emirates AED120 (£20) FOR TWO! Lovely curry, chinese, lebanese meals for less than half the price. You can go even cheaper of you eat at KFC, McDs, BurgerKing etc Would I recommend the Hotel - I think yes, if you know what standard you want. If it is beach with beach type views then no - visit a Jumeriah chain hotel. Hotel gym is very good, great new equipment (Life Fitness) - Asif the gym instructor is excellent, what a pleasant chap. The Hotel is just off the main Sheik Zayed Freeway and traffic can be heard from the rooftop pool / bar areas, however, this didn't cause too much of an issue. Hotel drinks are expensive - £5.00 for a beer (small bottle). No free WIFI - what a great loss - You can obtain 1 hr free use in the 'lounge' bar of you spend AED40.00 on food/drink. WIFI should be free as it is primarily a business hotel. Free WIFI cvan be found at Dubai Marina coffee shops in the Marina Walk, Dubai Mall (the worlds largest shopping mall next to Bur Dubai , the worlds tallest building. Overall the hotel is more top end of 3 to lower end of 4 star rating but still worth a visit.	
Nov 13 2009 	very very basic	Stayed here for 3 days in november 2009. We booked directly from the hotel website for a reasonable price including breakfast. I had stayed at the holiday inn chain before at Singapore and somehow expected a similar experience here. Check in was smooth. Our room was on the 6th floor. I had booked the most basic room ( my mistake!). The room was extremely small, with almost no space to move around. So small that it was hard for me to take a photograph of the entire room! The window faced Sheik Zayed Road and we had a nice view of the Burj Al Arab Hotel.The bathroom was clean and the shower was good. There was no iron/ironing board by default in this category of rooms and we had to request housekeeping to supply us with one. I would think that an iron would be one of the basic amenities available in any hotel of this class.The breakfast menu was similar on all 3 days that we ate there, barring changes in 1 or 2 dishes.We did not use the pool, but I peeped in to see how it was. The pool is situated on the terrace of the building and was really really small. That was the smallest pool I have ever seen and I would not recommend this hotel to anyone who would want to use a pool during their vacations.The staff were friendly throughout the stay. I was given the wrong bill during checkout and had to point that out before the correct bill was given.In the end I believe I got what I paid for in Dubai. I suspect a slightly higher budget than normal would be required to get a better room. This Holiday Inn experience was nothing like that I had in Holiday Inn Singapore. I would expect some consistency from such a brand.	
Oct 25 2009 	give 4 stars but.....	We stayed at H.I. Al Barsha inSept.09. As with lots of reviews hotel excellent in every way ....but NOT 1 REVIEW mentions the problem of prostitutes in the bar. Maybe its only a recent problem , but the management told me there was not a lot they can do about it . We stayed using priority points and were delighted in having to use so little points. We checked out after our third night because of what i would consider an uncomfortable feeling in the bar area ( drinks were not allowed in the lobby area ) . I'm not a prude - but it was too blatant.We were in several other bars and did not find this problem. This is a really nice hotel , but i would have to give it a miss on my next visit , and pay the extra for the Jumeirah Hilton.If you are staying at the Holiday Inn Al Barsha soon ... DO NOT MISS THE THAI RESTAURANT ... FABULOUS .	
Oct 14 2009 	Nice place lovely rooms	This place seems pretty new - the rooms are really nice and modern. Great facilities - nice pool on the roof, good gym, internet etc... Overall good value for money by Dubai standards. Great location too - only 5 minutes walk to the Metro station and Mall of the Emirates.If you don't want to spend heaps of money on a hotel in Dubai but you want a nice comfortable place to stay in a good location, then I would definitely recommend this place.	
Oct 10 2009 	An Oasis in the desert	Amazing Hotel - everything spot on. Clean, comfortable, friendly. Customer Service 10 out of 10. Food very good - buffet with plenty of variety. Stayed during Ramadan so used room service for lunch. Very prompt service and food very nice and well presented. Good facilities in business centre.	
Oct 10 2009 	Very good hotel but has some misses	Pros:-New and Very Clean-Staff other then the front desk staff are excellent-Big Rooms-Comfortable beds-Restaurants and Bars are good-Located a 5 min walk from the Mall of the EmiratesCons-The area in front of the hotel is a dirt road that still hasn't been paved despite the fact that the hotel is over a year old.-Front desk staff are not the friendliest-Lounge chairs around the pool are awful. Very uncomfortable-Internet is no faster then dial up despite the fact that it's a new hotel and they charge you almost $22.00	
Sep 25 2009 	nice and cheap hotel	great hotel stayed there for 10 nights and flights cost 550 pound want bad at all nice breakfast nice staff	
Aug 24 2009 	Value for money	Good hotel and staff, not for families due location, but good value stop for Dubai. Expensive WiFi tho	
Jul 24 2009 	Good hotel	We stayed for 5day in this hotel, not bad a place. It has a rooftop swimming pool of a decent size with gr8 view of burj al arab/ atlantis/burj dubai. The room was nice not very spacious though. The buffet breakfast menu had a good selection. The walls are maybe a bit thin as i was able to hear some noises. The night shift check in staff were very lousy . A good place over all for all.	
Jul 11 2009 	Good value for Dubai	Stayed here for a 4 night trip and was exactly what we needed. Had a superior room at the front of the hotel with a great view of the Burj Al Arab.The room was huge; I guess it was 30 feet to the TV from the bed.The rooftop pool is OK to cool off and is open until 10:00pm, but you do get the road noise from the 14 lanes of traffic down below. A warning - beer is not cheap by the pool. I paid the equivalent of £7 for a can of lager.The Mall of the Emirates is 5 minutes walk away (maybe TOO convinient, with all those shops inside).Use the brown Dubai cabs instead of the (expensive) white lexus cars connected to the hotel.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great place for a short stay	After all the good recommendations we decided to try this hotel as well and indeed, very good.Friendly service, clean rooms which are bright and nicely done. You can see in all the fixtures it is a holiday inn but if you are only there to sleep, perfectly fine. Our room overlooked the burj al arab as well as the highway, however you don't hear the noise.I would definitively recommend the hotel for short stays and a nice budget price.However, if you are staying longer and would like to have a balcony and really nice view there are better options	
Jun 3 2009 	Great hotel highly recommend	A friend and I took a double room suite at the hotel which was great. We had our own space and bathrooms and a nice sitting room. The hotel is lovely - a huge airy atrium. I am very sensitive to noise and the hotel was quite and we both got great sleep while there. The beds are really comfortable too. The rooftop pool is lovely and the gym is nice too. We didn't eat in the hotel, but friends say that the food there is good. Staff were excellent and incredible friendly and helpful. I particularly like the mini card information stand in the lobby - very helpful. Walking distance to Mall of Emirates too which is a bonus. I moved to a single room after my friend left which was also great.	
Jun 2 2009 	Good hotel next to mall next to motorway noisy when using pool	Good hotel, big yellow crane and motorway near by, but excellent value.Dubai is still a building site remember.Next to ski Dubai.get taxi from the street, they run every 10 seconds, hotel charges you more.	
May 30 2009 	Brilliant hotel-well worth the money	My Boyfriend and I have just come back from staying at the Holiday Inn-Al Barsha (21-27 May). All I can say is that the most of the previous reviews I had read on tripadvisor about the hotel were spot on!! It was a great hotel, really clean, friendly staff, comfortable rooms, and an ideal location.The Mall of Emirates is just a 5 min walk away (10 min in the 45 degree heat), Jemeriah beach 10 min taxi ride away, Dubai Mall 15 min taxi ride away. Plus taxis are absolutely everywhere and cheap, so you will have no problems there. The hotel has a gym and pool on the rooftop, restaurants are are also available, although we only ate in the Royal Buddha once which was really nice. The bar staff do a lovely Strawberry Daiquiri cocktail, but there not cheap and cocktails are not included in the happy hour which runs from 12-7pm. The staff were really friendly and couldn't do enough to help us, they were always making sure we were o.k, suggesting ideas on where we could go or what we could do.Overall I would definitely recommend this hotel to just about anyone, My boyfriend and I certainly enjoyed our stay there and enjoyed Dubai on a whole as there is so much to do and see. I plan to go back next year and will most probably stay at the Holiday Inn-Al Barsha again.	
May 28 2009 	Fantastic hotel worth the 4 stars	Well worth the four stars, and deserves better than #37 in dubai (at the time of writing). One bit of advice I would give is haggle, although your not in a souk, the prices are slightly fake, for instance breakfast was quoted at different prices and we paid 350UAE for the two of us for 7 days, they quoted 160 per day or 700 per week. The luxury taxi, a new Lexus driver took us to the airport for 60 UAE although others paid 80 (this could be down to traffic / time of day). Front desk staff were fast and friendly, and concierge were brilliant and their English was good compared to out and about.The gym was well equipped and pool was clean and tidy with a great view. The room was very nice, not sure if we got upgraded but it was a large room with good air con, mini bar, and large LCD TV.Regarding an earlier comment on beware of extra charges, we were a little concerned about this as an extra 20% could spoil the bargain, we booked with lastminute.com and it was all included so we had nothing to pay on checkout.The breakfast was not bland, far from it, large buffet with changed certain items each day, and had the best fresh coffee served by the superb waiter who would not let your cup run empty. We dined inside the hotel 3 nights the Royal Buddha twice and the asia buffet one night. The Royal Buddha was the best Thai restaurant I have ever been to, and we discovered it had won several awards for the best Thai restaurant in Dubai !!! read the time-out review online. The all you can eat Asian buffet restaurant was good value for money at 59UAE p/p (£10).Location was good, close to the Mall of the Emirates where we went sking one day (a bit mad when it was 45°C outside !) . Taxi's are very cheap so cheap to get to the beach / creek / Atlantis Palm.The only thing that lets this hotel down is the brand, as in the UK Holiday Inn is regarded as a budget hotel chain. Maybe ICS should re-brand the quality hotels ?	
May 25 2009 	Good hotel!	Good brand new hotel next to the Mall of the Emirates (3 minutes walk).I arrived to the hotel at 6am and I was given a room straight away, no need to wait until check in time.Room was big, clean, and quiet.It has a medium sized gym and a small pool on the roof top but it was never crowded.	
May 23 2009 	Excellent Value Hotel In Dubai	Stayed in The Holiday Inn for 6 nights with my girlfriend and really enjoyed this place.The Hotel is on Sheikh Zayed Road with good views of Burj Al Arab Hotel and Jumeirah Beach from The Rooftop Bar and from the swimming pool.It is only a 5 minute walk to Mall of the Emirates which is handy for any shopping or if you wanted something to eat day or night.The hotel is located around 200 yards from one of the Metro Stops for the new Dubai Metro which opens in September which will be a good travelling option for Dubai as traffic can be hectic there.The hotel has a rooftop swimming pool and although not very big it does the job and serves drink and light snacks during the day.There is a vey good bar on the ground floor which has a happy hour from 12 to 7 each day and was a pleasnat way to spend an evening or two.We tried the Thai Restaurant and although expensive the food was excellent.There will be an Indian Restaurant Opening up soon which should be good.The hotel overall was very good and the Staff vere very pleasant and proffessionell and we will probably stay there next time we go to Dubai	
May 6 2009 	Great Place - can recommend unhesitatingly	This place is just fine. The rooms are small, sure, but there is decent room service, the bar is excellent, it is spotless, the gym has a great instructor called Aziz, a luxury hotel taxi to the airport is a mere Dhrs80 if you pay cash (!) and all one could perhaps wish for is free internet in the lobby. It's Four Star but really lives up to its claim to provide Five Star facilities. I stayed on Priority Club points, just 15,000 at the time of writing, which made it an even better deal, but as a functional business hotel in the Mall of the Emirates area, it would surely take some beating if you are paying yourself.	
Apr 30 2009 	brand new property	A brand new property when I visited in Nov 2008. Stayed for a week. This is an ideal location for those who have business in the jabel Ali area and also at the internet city and all other business locations towards the Jabel Ali region. It's away from the maddening traffic in the city. From a/p it's about 20 minutes drive. You can reach Abu Dhabi also from this hotel. The Autrium is good; make sure that you get a room whicv faces out rather than one which faces the autrium. The break fast is somewhat bland, but dinner is excellent with lots of Arabic varieties.	
Apr 29 2009	Better than 4 star	My children and I arrived at this hotel late at night but received a nice welcome. We then ordered room service which was well presented and beautiful. The most pleasant surprise was the room. I booked a two bedroom suite and it was massive. The beds were king size and were the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in (must find out where to buy that mattress!). The staff were friendly, particularly Immy up at the pool. Unfortunately we were only there two days because we all wanted to stay longer.Location is good, within 2 minute walk to Mall of Emirates with Ski Dubai. Dubai is quite spread out so I don’t think it maters where you stay. Shopping was not cheap there but worth a walk. There a few bars and restaurants in the hotel which all looked nice and I believe there are more opening up. The service and the facilities were equal to many five star hotels I have stayed at. Overall, perfect stay for all of us.	
Apr 13 2009	Made my family happy :)	I live in Dubai and decided to treat my mum and sister to a 7 day holiday. They ABSOLUTELY LOVED this hotel and said it was much better then they ever expected. The staff went out of their way to be extremely friendly. The room was clean and beautifuly decorated with the most comfortable beds. The pool had FANTASTIC views of the Jumerirah coast line and one of the best views in town of the Burj Al Arab. It was a lovely pool area was really nice, with lovely wicker leaf shaped sun loungers. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone coming to visit Dubai. It is also in a great central location and there are always cabs outside.We ate in two of the restaurants the arabic and the thai and both were good. I have to say the Thai food was some of the best in Dubai and the Thai restaurant staff were really really friendly.Given the price of this hotel compared to some of the 5 star hotels on Jumeriah beach which are 3 times as much.....if you are contemplating a value visit to Dubai PLEASE STAY HERE you really will be happy with the choice. Coming from Dubai I can only say that other hotels in the same price range as the Holiday Inn do not come close....so book it now!Also I have a very happy mum and sister who are still raving to everyone about their amazing holiday in Dubai and it was the Holiday Inn they said that made their stay extra special due to the friendliness of the staff.	
Apr 2 2009 	1st class	Excellent hotel, very good service, spotlessly clean. The staff go out of their way to make your stay a pleasure. Good choice of food whatever time of day, the gym on the top floor is very good, the pool area is a little on the small side, but pleasurable all the same. Be careful on the sun beds, one move to the side and youre on the floor. The new shopping mall is virtually next door, taxis are plentifull, however only use the metred cars, all the rest are twice the price. When you check out they are paranoid you have used the mini bar and wont let you leave until its been checked.	
Mar 24 2009 	Stunning Hotel with great service with the best Thai restaurant	I was recommended by a friend to stay the The holiday Inn Al Barsha in Dubai, I was very impressed by this beautiful and well decorated hotel, my bedroom was amazing with a very confortable bed and very clean. all the hotel staff were very helpfull and professional. The breakfast has a very good selection of food, very tasty and great service. One evening I had dinner with friends at the Royal Budhal Thai restaurant at the Hotel, The Chef came to the table to recommend some dishes to us, The meal was outstanding, I had the best thai red chicken curry I have ever had, The delicious rice was served from a large and elegant basket. I had a truly enjoyable stay and I would recommend this great hotel to everyone travelling to Dubai.	
Mar 3 2009 	Brilliant Hotel	We loved this Hotel. Reception very helpful, we were in room within minutes. All staff on reception very helpful. The room was lovely. We had a meal in the restaurant which was excellent. There is a nice bar where you can enjoy the odd cocktail in Happy Hour and very welcome without being intrusive. The location was perfect as only there for 1 night as boarding a Cruise. We spent a very nice shopping day in the Emirates Mall and saw the ski resort which was amazing. I would highly recommend this hotel especially with the Priority Points. Only advice never take the Hotel Taxi when in Dubai always use the oficial Taxi's which are all metered so you will not get ripped off. All our Taxi drivers we met were extremely nice and often offered good advice.	
Feb 22 2009 	Great Hotel watch out for the extras on your bill though.	The hotel is new (we stayed in January 2009) and is in a decent location, although if your driving, it's a nightmare to reach due to the road layout. It is next to the Emirates Mall (walking distance) so has plenty of facilities on its doorstep. The hotel itself is medium sized with plenty of facilties, great Gym and rooftop pool, excellent bar and restaurants. Checking in and out took far to long, especially checking out, when we had to make it to the airport. When we arrived at the hotel it took aproximately 30 minutes to chek in, which is too long with 2 fidgety kids in tow, however we were upgraded to a 1 bed apartment style room, which were very spacious and beautifully appointed, However this where our problem began...when checking out we were charged for the upgrade. I had to get my laptop out to show the unhepful woman behind the desk how much I'd paid for the room online. To my dismay, they agreed to reduce the rate but not to the rate agreed. I had no choice but to pay for the increase otherwise I would miss my flight. When I threatened to wak out, I was told that I would not be able to board my plane as I would be arrested for non payment of a debt??? I asked to speak to a manager, non was available? It was a real shame because up until departure I would have recomended this hotel, but now I simply cant as I feel that I have been scammed.	
Feb 16 2009 	Nice Hotel Good Location Friendly Staff Small Rooms	The hotel is very nice actually and it was even better than what I expected. The hotel has all modern facilities and is designed nicely. All of the hotel's staff were friendly. The only negative point about this hotel was the room size.	
Feb 14 2009 	No complaints	Had an executive room on 2nd floor. Check in was pleasant and were in room within minutes.There is some building work going on, but what's new in Dubai. Its literally 3 to 4 minutes walk to the Mall of the Emirates.Never had an issue in getting any taxi's, although the one time we used the 'hotels own taxi's' I was charged thrice what I would have been charged by a normal taxi.Comfortable rooms, the tv channels are not great. Used the steam/sauna and staff in gym are very helpful.Didnt try any of the hotel dinings facilities and the bar is not open yet. Internet is available at 30 AED for 1 hours use in the business centre. Hotel and rooms are new obviously. If I had a gripe, it was only small, in that there was never enough tea and cream in the room!As stated, no complaints and easy enough to find by any taxi driver back from downtown, jumeriah, internet city, any of the malls.	
Feb 8 2009 	Had an excellent time at this hotel!	Booked this hotel online for 5 nights on a Dinner, Bed &amp; Breakfast rate for a reasonable amount of money. But was quite cost-effective compared to similar hotels in Dubai. When we got to the hotel, wasn’t impressed, as it had some building work being carried out, outside the hotel. But as I came accustomed to with all of Dubai ,it is a big building site! However there wasn’t much noise from the work being carried out.Checking in took a while and even then the room wasn’t what I was promised! After a call down to reception, they moved us to another room (631). The view was amazing!! Had excellent view of the Burj-al-Arab, Jumeriah Beach Hotel, Atlantis in the distance, as was the Burj Arab. Couldn’t have asked for a better view.The room itself was extremely nice and clean. We had tea and coffee, bottled water provided. The TV was a flat screen and had all sorts of channels from across the world. Beds were really comfy and gave me a wonderful sleep every time. As other reviewers have said, it is built next to the Sheikh Zayed Rd, and that noise from traffic could be a problem for some light sleepers, but Id have the view every time!Both breakfast and dinner, that I booked in the rate, were served in the Gem Garden restaurant. The breakfast was really nice and fresh, consisted of cooked breakfast, different types of eggs, continental, some arabic and indian. No complaints. Dinner on the other hand was from a set menu, and although they did try to change it everyday, it did get a bit boring. Also there wasn’t much choice if you were vegetarian but they did accommodate if requested. But the food that was served was excellent, looked beautiful and tasted magnificent. It would have been nice to have dinner elsewhere in the hotel under the dinner rate offer, but was told it wasn’t possible.Both the gym and swimming pool were nice and the staff eager to help at all times.Tried to use the business centre to check-in online but was told it would cost us 30AED (£5-6) for 1 hour! I made a bit of a fuss over this as it was only going to take 5minutes maximum, after a lot of explaining and looking disappointed, I was told I could use the computer on the luggage desk!All the staff were really friendly and truly made the stay at the hotel a enjoyable one, would definitely stay here again. Hopefully it will be much better when the metro is running, as a station is being built 2 minute walk away! Otherwise the Mall of the Emirates is about 5 minute walk away. If you wanted to go anywhere else then you would need a taxi.	
Jan 28 2009 	Nice rooms and handy location - but really noisy	Booked this hotel using Priority Club points to extend a business stay and enjoy some of Dubai's tourist attractions. Conveniently located about 5 minutes walk from the 'Mall of the Emirates' and within about 10 minutes drive of the Burj Al Arab and the upmarket resort hotels on the southern end of Jumeirah Beach, this location represents a good choice for those looking for easy access to Dubai's newer attractions. The downside however is that the hotel is just meters from the Sheikh Zayed Rd - a 12-lane highway which is busy 24 /7 and the new Dubai Metro line. Be prepared for a lot of road / traffic noise - especially if you use the small but functional rooftop pool and sundeck. It's like trying to sunbathe next to the Monaco rally! Another real turn off is the fiddly road access if you're driving - you need to drive throughtthe busy Mall car park to get on &amp; off the highway. At peak times this can add 15 - 20 minutes minimum to your car journey.Rooms are modern, nicely furnished and very comfortable indeed - one of the nicest hotel beds ever. The public areas are OK but the service was only so-so compared with other hotels in Dubai. Watch out too for the exhorbitant costs for internet usage and also for breakfast. At AED90 (approx £18 - £19) per person it is very overpriced in relation to the quality and selection available. Try the fabulous breakfast menu at Paul (French Bakery) in the Mall, instead.	
Jan 26 2009 	A taste of Dubai 5 star service	Stayed here in early Jan 2009. The hotel is new and offers an excellent environment and service. This was out third trip to Dubai (previously we have stayed at LRM and GHH), however we needed a &quot;cheap&quot; break. I have to say that both my husband and I were extremely impressed and would not hesitate to go back. The hotel is excellent value for money, offers a wonderful level of service and the rooms were as good as both the other hotels we have stayed in Dubai previously. On arrival (we were early for check in) we were dealt with quickly and given an upgrade. The room was spacious, clean and comfortable. We tried two of the restaurants in the hotel, the arabic restaurant offered 50% of the price and offered amazing food. We were disappointed that when we went back on the Monday, it was closed. We had three courses each of traditional arabic food, and excellent service for approx £30 (wine is expensive as in all hotels in Dubai). The other restaurant was just as good, but unfortunately we didnt try the sushi or Thai restaurants. The Sports bar had happy hour between 12pm and 7pm with all drinks half price, well worth a visit, although you are allowed to smoke in here and it can become smoky. You are a short walk from the Mall of the Emirates which is great for eating out as long as you dont mind not having alcohol. The hotel rates itself as four star, and in Dubai this is probably about right, although I have to say that it is trying very hard to be five star and it is succeeding in respect of the service. The minus points are that it has a small pool on the roof and is located on Sheik Zayed Rd which can be noisy when you are on the roof but you dont hear it in the hotel. Some of the bars are not fully open yet (including a champagne bar) but if you want a taste of the excellent service and hotels in Dubai for good value for money (including points nights) then this is the hotel to try!	
Jan 25 2009 	Great Hotel	The decoration of the hotel is superb. Everything oozes with quality.The bed is comfortable, the air conditioning quiet.Satellite tv is provided, with a large wide screen flat panel tv in the room.Please note I stayed in the hotel in winter with the outside air temperature being 19 degrees celcius. My concern would be whether the aircon keeps on working when you're out of the room - the room card/key turns the power on and off to the room.If not, then the room may get hot in summer where the external temperature can hit 50+ and take a while to cool down.It's very easy to get a taxi from the hotel, without having to wait long. The staff are friendly ( as all UAE people seem to be!) and helpful.The hotel is situated approximately 5 minutes walk from the Mall of the Emirates shopping centre which has shops open to midnight. In the Emirates mall you can even go skiing on snow!I didn't eat in the hotel so I am not able to comment on the quality of food, but given the amazing internal condition of the hotel and food I ate elsewhere in Dubai, I would expect the food to in the hotel to be good too.The only negative points I have are:a)Breakfast is expensive at 90 dirhams.b)Internet connection is not free, it's 80 dirhams per day!However, there is WiFi available in the Mall of the Emirates shopping centre, but I can't say whether that is free or not, but there were always young people sitting in the mall using it.	
Dec 15 2008 	Absolutely Lovely. The staff were ever ready to please	Stayed at the hotel with a female friend from the 4th-9th Dec.We were pleased that the hotel is situated a mere 5mins walk from Mall of the Emirates. Nice design, spacious lobby and welcoming staff. The standard room was a teeny weeny cramped but the decor more than made up for the lack of space. Room service was prompt and food served was filling and delicious. We made sure we tried out most of the menu. Had a good time at the gym with very helpful personal trainers. The downside being it wasnt opened 24hrs. It wouldve been helpful to burn some calories after our midnite feasts. The Thai restaurant on the ground floor serves some seriously tasty green curry. Watch out for the chilli though. The bellboys couldnt do enough for us. Smiling through and helping with our hundredth shopping bag..all within the first day; flagging down taxis for us and generally assisting with any enquiries we may have at any time of the day. Security was pretty good too. Reception called more than twice to ascertain that we are indeed expecting guests. Our room was always very well cleaned out with fresh supplies of towels and toiletries. Ensure you put out the &quot;Do not disturb&quot; sign out though, otherwise the shrill noise of the housekeeper ring is bound to rouse u rather abruptly from the warm cocoon of the comfortable bed. All in all, we were very pleasantly surprised with this 4* hotel. In our eyes, it had all 5* quality. Special thankks to Khalid at the Reception, Ken at the Concierge desk. We'll surely visit again.	
Dec 6 2008	Nice Hotel Terrible After Service	I stayed in this hotel for a weekend visit with my husband. We found it comfortable and in a decent location for our visit as we wanted to go to Ski Dubai. The hotel was much nicer than I expected, however for the price you pay it wasn't exactly value for money - but I haven't been able to find a reasonably priced hotel in Dubai as yet. Breakfast was great - lovely fresh juices and they had a sort of 'egg bar' where you could have your eggs cooked however you liked.I didn't have any problems with the hotel really during our stay (however housekeeping woke us up one morning about 9am - so I wouldn't recommend the hotel if you were planning on any sleeping in). The problems that I did have were afterward when I called to ask if anything had been found in our hotel room, as I wasn't sure if we left my husband's cufflinks there.For starters, if reception transfers your call to another department, they cannot transfer you back to reception - which seems like a bit of a ridiculous phone system to have in what is meant to be a 4* hotel. When I called, reception could not tell me what room number I stayed in and then proceeded to transfer my call to housekeeping without explaining to them what I was looking for or even what my room number was! I had to call them back more than 3 times to get a straight answer, and finally I was told that I would receive a call back. All I can say for now, is that please make sure you triple and quadruple check everything in your room before leaving, because if you even think you may have forgotten something, the telephone service is beyond ridiculous!	
Dec 5 2008 	Good Business Hotel Not So Good if its the Beach You Want	Selected the hotel as it was mid way between down town and the residential district, the hotel is now fully open, with liquor licence and all restaurants, however, the roof top bar was still under construction.Check in was good and easy, a bit slow but that’s the Middle East! The room I was upgraded to (Priority Platinum Member) was on the front with the big panoramic view, no real road noise.The service and helpfulness of the staff was very good and could find no fault, on the down side the bar was very expensive (so are all bars in Dubai), the restaurants are also expensive, but the portions are large.If you want the beach or nightlife, this is not the hotel for you, but what you want is only a taxi ride away (and they are cheap), but for me there on business, comfy bed, good and varied food it was fine.The hotel was only partly full when I was there, so the extent of service under high occupancy conditions was not experienced (I think they would struggle).Would stay there again – yes if the criteria for my stay were the same.	
Oct 11 2008 	Quite Suprised	We were plesently suprised by the Holiday Inn Al Barsha. This hotel has only been open for approx 1-3 months. Only floors 1-3 where opened when we stayed.The rooms were of good size and tastefully decorated. We usually find holiday inn rooms small, but this time they exceeded our expectations.We were upgraded from a Standard Room to Deluxe FOC, only down point was it was a smoking floor, however, our room was just opened so there was no smoke smell - only a little through the aircon in the bathroom.The aircon drove us crazy - we couldn't get it just right, we were always freezing.Hotel very close to the mall of the Emirates, 5mins walk. To Jumeriah, approx 10 mins drive. The hotel wasn't in full swing but will be in 3 months approx. Concierge very helpfull and friendly. Hotel has just received their liquour licence and they are still working on their basement nightclub/pool bar. Heaps of construction work going on around - as is everywhere else, but it doesn't effect your stay.Overall very nice, very clean and the pool view is pretty good too!	
Sep 30 2008 	Hidden Cost and Confusion	The hotels position is rather isolated, although surrounded by other buildings and/or building sites its a bit of an island, the constant roar of traffic on the racetrack that is the Sheikh Zayed Rd at the front cutting it off from that direction. The Mall of the Emirates and indoor ski slope is approx 400 yds away The Holiday Inn Al Barsha is new and at time of staying had still to achieve a liquor licence and properly open all its catering offers. All the staff were pleasant but the desk staff could be very surly and there is a problem of communication between the back office and desk. Booking instructions and billing arrangements not being passed to the front desk and when queried questions not checked with the back office. The house keeping staff were all Asian and very pleasant but if asked anything it was apparent that they didn't understand but would nod cheerfully.The rooms are fine and kept pristine with towels changed daily, however my room had a problem with the aircon. Whatever was done with the thermostat it ran constantly at the same speed and tempeture. Colleagues reported the same experience with their rooms. The TV channels are limited with most being Arabic. Internet is currently free but confusing to operate and very slow response times. Use of the phone very expensive with charge being made immediately you dial even if no connection made.Although only one restaurant was operating I found it expensive although offering a diverse buffet choice.	
Sep 1 2009 	bien situé (Ski Dubai et Jumeirah)		
