	Staff Fantastic Hotel Great	Loved this hotel. The staff were just fantastic and couldn't do enough for you. Rooms were great, Longs Bar great and also it was in a great location as the Metro is only about 5 mins walk away from the hotel... Once up and running fully the Metro will be fab as it takes you to all the tourist places. I went to Dubai with my husband for my 40th Birthday present and it was absolutely lovely. I would definately stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 4 2009 	Amazing location staff and rooms	My mum took me to Dubai to celebrate my 21st birthday. From the minute we arrived we couldn't feel more welcome, the staff were so helpfull and lovely. We were given a free upgrade to a suite which was beautiful. The man who cleaned our room left fresh roses and lillies and supplied us with lot's of bottled water which was a real bonus. The location is brilliant, right beside the metro..so easy and cheap to use. Had such a good stay, can't wait to return and would reccomend this hotel to everyone!	
Sep 30 2009 	not the best there	place was cleannice locationgood staffnothing to complain about the service but it wasn't the best hotel	
Aug 31 2009 	Good location standard hotel	This hotel is located in the financial center of Dubai, the beginning of Sheikh Zayed Road.It’s so standard, nothing unique about it.The advantages about the hotel, the location, and the rate, which is lower than other hotels in the same area.	
Aug 7 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We arrived at 06:00am in the morning after a very long and tiring flight from Oz.The staff could not have been any better.They allowed us to have breakfast whilst they rushed the clean of our room.Buffet was amazing, staff were great nad would visit again.	
Jul 5 2009 	great hotel	stayed at towers rotana for 4 nights have been to dubai several times and all the hotels have been good but this was the best reception staff were very friendly remembered your name arrived early in morning had to wait a couple of hours for room were very apologetic even though you were not supposed to get your room till 3pm had a great room on 23 floor overlooking dubai to the beach, breakfast was very good and the long bar is definitly worth spending some time in staff great service good snacks at the bar. great food as well , a lovely swimming pool even though its on the roof next door great jaccuzi will definitly go back .Door staff were great and very helpfull. there are restaurants outside within walking distance and a supermarket .	
Jun 11 2009 	Comfortable hotel	Great location. Rooms are ok. Not good value for money.	
Jun 11 2009 	good ambience	good location for a business short tripfood is good very courtious staff	
Jun 5 2009 	Good one	This hotel is located on Shaikh Zahid Road. Good for business travellers.	
May 31 2009 	Average hotel...not what I expected from their website	My husband came to Dubai on business and I tagged along. We chose Towers Rotana and upgraded to the Club Rotana. This is worth it for the shuttle to/from the airport and the breakfast alone.We booked through Expedia and about 5 days before our trip rec'd an email that our reservation was cancelled. A few phone calls later they upgraded us to a suite. We were very excited by the photos on their website.The day before we left, we tried contacting the hotel to find out how to hook up with the shuttle at the airport. Couldn't get an answer so we had to figure it out when we got there. After milling around we had to call the hotel and then found out we had to go to a rental car desk and have them arrange for our shuttle. They escorted us outside to a Jaguar. Sweet! The driver recognized us from our milling about earlier.We got to the hotel and because we were in a Club Rotana Suite, they took us to the Club Rotana area to check in. The made copies of our passports but did not keep them like other reviews I read about Dubai.We get to our room and cannot get the lights to come on. It turns out that there is a place just inside the door that you have to insert your keycard to use the lights. Kind of strange but at least you don't lose your keycard!The size of the suite is acceptable and it is decent but I wouldn't call it 4 star like everything I read about it. The decor is not at all like the website. We had some sweets waiting for us on the coffee table and they keep you well stocked with bottled water for free. The bed is as hard as a rock. The pillows are down or something very similar so they are nice.The internet is not free in the room as stated in other places. You must go to the Ckub Rotana to use free internet. I had to stop going down there because they have an air freshener that gives me a headache and upsets my asthma. I complained but it fell on deaf ears.There is a shuttle that takes you from the hotel to the malls. The concierge has the schedule for you.We have used the gym and it is nice. There are 3 treadmills, 3 elipticals, some recumbant bikes and several weight machines. The gym overlooks the pool. You can get towels from the attendant for the gym and pool and also a locker key. The pool is nice but seems on the small side.The free breakfast included with the Club Rotana upgrade is at Flavours. It is buffet style and has a wide variety of food. I'm glad we upgraded because if we had to pay for it it would cost 340 dirhams for the 2 of us. That is almost $100US! For BREAKFAST!	
May 16 2009 	You dont have to stay on the beach to have a good time in Dubai	This was part of a two centre break, having had 12 days in Mauritius previously. Having transited through Dubai airport several times, we thought we would stop over for a few days. We are glad we did, having had an avaerage break in Mauritius, Dubai, much to our surpise surpassed itself. The hotel was on one of the main highways into town, which was all we needed, having been on the beach for the prior part of our trip.The hotel itself was great, we always have club rooms in Asia, they only cost a couple of pounds more per night, but access to the club lounge, with the free drinks and snacks and breakfast, as well as internet access is well worth it. The beauty of using a business hotel is that it is very quiet during the day and the pool and leisure facilities, found on top of the carpark at the rear of the hotel, away from the noise and pollution was excellent. The basement bar and restaurant, based on the long bar at Raffles Singapore, whilst not nearly as authentic as the real thing, was great. The service, food, drink and music were all very good. (The entertainment is not bad either, it seems to be a pick up joint for the single expatriates, who tend the splash the cash).Out and about, its best to use taxi's, they are cheap and air-conditioned. As for trips, the Big Bus Tour, is good as one can hop on and off. It also includes a Dhow cruise on the Creek and entrance to a museam. We had a long break at Madinat, which has a Souk, lots of restuarants and a small boat trip.Another worthwhile trip is the evening trip to the Dunes in a Jeep, which is a lot of fun. It finishes with a camel ride followed by a BBQ and traditional entertainment. Belly dancer, hubba pipe, star gazing.Afternoon tea at Raffles is a must. Having decided that £65 per head for the Jumeirah Beach was just a tad expensive, we were pleased that chose the well tested Raffles. Very different from Singapore. Very Modern, attached the the Wafi mall, this pyramidical hotel it light and spacious. Taken in the airy salon, afternoon tea, like the original is a long and relaxing affair. Try the Dubai Sling, like the original, you dont realise that there alchohol in it and after a few, well try it and see. We decided to have one traditional afternoon tea and one contemporary. There is also an Arab version on offer. Toooo much food and only £20 a head. We tasted everything, but as there was at least two of each item per person, there was lots of food left over. Its the first time in a posh hotel that we have been offered a doggy bag, but it seems the thing to do.In all a gret trip and we will definately be having a few days stop over there again in the near future.	
May 13 2009 	Excellent staff and great food	Staff are very friendly and efficient. Club rooms include internet in club lounge. Flavours on Two restaurant does themed buffets each night - excellent value including drinks. Long's Bar does excellent Friday Brunch - food and drinks included. Easy to get taxis (bonus in Dubai).	
May 12 2009 	When business meets relaxation...	We have spent 7 nights at Rotana Towers on business trip at the beginning of May 2009. Upon booking we had expressed several wishes concerning rooms close each other, upper floors etc. which were fully taken into consideration. The Hotel enjoys excellent location in Dubai’s downtown, looks great both from outside and inside, rooms are spacious, clean, very comfortable and perfectly furnished. Top class bed linen, cozy living area, wise lightening, wired high-speed internet access (fee), well-equipped mini bar, complimentary tea-coffee making facilities (including water), temperature-controlled air conditioning, complimentary newspaper “The National” and magazine “TimeOutDubai”, electronic safe, trouser press, bathroom with bath and bidet (not so common among 4-star hotels) and make-up mirror, hairdryer in the room - where you can enjoy a better natural light - instead in the bathroom - just to name a few of the amenities available. Room service really round the clock, kind and unobtrusive housekeeping. Buffet breakfast served in the wide, bright and very clean restaurant “Flavours on Two” on the 2nd floor with countless delicacies for every palate (Arabic, European, American, Asian etc. specialties). Furthermore, many additional services are available at this Hotel: at the Club Lounge (accessible only to guests staying in the upper room categories) free WI-FI as well as wired high-speed internet access, drinks and appetizers, internet stations, newspapers, magazines, high-class assistance and relaxing atmosphere in smart surroundings. Souvenir &amp; toiletries shop, beauty salon and coiffeur on the ground floor, airport shuttle service (fee) and, last but not least, very helpful and skilled staff (including valets at the entrance who take care of your luggage upon arrival &amp; departure as well as that you are catching a taxi exactly before the Hotel entrance after just 3 seconds.There was a particular episode which deserves to be told: the day after arrival I was trying to surf the internet in my room but it did not work. So, I called the reception to ask for help. They sent me an IT-person to check the problem. He came at once, was very skilled and kind, worked for around half an hour and then told me that he was so sorry not to be able to solve the problem and consequently he would have put at my disposal a laptop of the hotel staff which he usually used during his worktime. As I was going out I postponed everything to the early evening. When we came back in the evening, a receptionist said that the IT-person ought to leave outside the city unexpectedly and needed his laptop but they would have put at my disposal the WI-FI connection at the Club Lounge. From that moment on I could go there with no limits of time and enjoy free high speed internet access and beverages in very pleasant atmosphere up to the end of our stay.That is also why I would really like to recommend this Hotel (and the Group it belongs to): because alongside with high-quality amenities and services as a whole, they put into practice an effective communication and customer care which make each guest feel personally and steadily assisted.	
Mar 19 2009 	Nice Hotel - Friendly and Helpful Staff	I stayed at this hotel in April 2008 but have recently signed up and would just like to say how nice the hotel was.I was there on business so spent most of the time out of the hotel but was there on bed and breakfast basis so did sample some of the food. The food was ok, not bad by any means but the fact that they do not eat pork in the UAE meant that the cooked breakfast was not as appetising as I was used to. Turkey Bacon and Chicken Sausages. This isn't a moan though as this is their religion and I can respect that. There was pleanty of choice from fruit to cereal to omlettes etc.Staff were really friendly and always willing to help. Easy to get a taxi outside the hotel, prime location in the centre of Sheikh Zayed Rd (Just up from the Crown Plaza). Got to get to the pool for a couple of hours on the last day which is nice but strangely seemed heated which wasn't necessary as the weather was so hot. Also a gym there but didn't use these facilities.The bar downstairs (Longs Bar) gets lively on some nights. Beware the hookers down there though. Although you see this in many places in Dubai. You can spot the women on the take a mile off!!All in all a good stay in a very clean and efficiently ran hotel with great staff. Would recommend more for business than a holiday.	
Mar 17 2009 	Very average hotel	My husband and I took my parents-in-law to the Rotana Towers for a special birthday in February. After being served by a guy at reception who could hardly bring himself to smile at us, we were shown to our rooms. The room was clean enough but a little cramped and had no personality (should have known that though). The bathroom was also very small and we struggled to get piping hot water in the morning.The most positive aspect: Long's Bar downstairs....a decent bar with a dining area as well.Not a brilliant experience...functional. One I do not wish to repeat soon.	
Jan 13 2009 	Really Good	We stayed at this hotel over Christmas and new year 08-09. We had a child and two elderly relatives with us. On arrival we were greeted by an army of bell boys wishing us merry christmas etc and helping us in. The reception staff were equally friendly.Before we left we were worried about checking in early but there were no problems with this, even though our agent tried to make us pay a premium. We thought we'd chance it and it paid off. The hotel staff upgraded one of our rooms so our 7yr-old's bed would fit in it. We got a room with sofas, which was handy for the nights we got room service for the five of us after an exhausting day.The hotel was perfect really, apart from the fact that the Sheik Zayed road is a 14 lane motorway and you can't leave the hotel without a taxi. I wouldn't call it bland - it had everything I would expect from a hotel. Yes the decor is beige, but so what? Spotlessly clean, great room service, great cleaners, beautiful soft sheets, amazingly friendly staff who adored our blonde 7yr old and couldn't stop touching her in amazement.The swimming pool is on the roof of the carpark to the rear of the hotel. It is small: you can't do lengths but you can float and try to forget that all the fug &amp; dust from the Shaik Zayed road is floating up to you. Children can spend all day in it though, while you sunbathe or watch from the jacuzzi, but it is very deep. The gym looked fine and there are saunas and steam rooms in the changing rooms plus lovely power showers. Beer is only £4 for 330ml here, which is cheaper than the mini bars which take the mickey at £5 a can. You can get reasonable bar snacks here too, and kids' meals (albeit pizza/nuggets/chips etc)Longs Bar - the 'longest' bar in the middle east. £15 for a pint and a half of beer plus a soda and lime. Charming stag's head on the wall. Very blokey - reminded me of 80's Britain before the recession. All suits and shouting. V. smokey and dark. You can eat here and it's nice food. Not bad prices. Flavours on 2: Good value (for Dubai). £30 - eat as much as you like and drink as much corked wine and heinekin as you can bear. Lots of expat residents come here for this. Excellent food (Flavours is also where you go for fantastic buffet breakfasts) and the staff were absolutely wonderful - all of them. Friendly, helpful and really refreshing compared to Blighty.It's clearly not possible to do Dubai on a budget, although we did find some nice arabic eating houses down by the Creek, which were a bit more reasonable. There's a decent small supermarket up the road from the hotel. Taxis are brilliant value.Overall we enjoyed our stay at this hotel and found it to be the best value for money compared to many others. Its location is a downer, but it's very central so handy for getting about. If I went to Dubai again I'd definitely think about staying here.	
Jan 11 2009 	"Superb Hotel~	Absolutely fantastic hotel! We stayed at this hotel for 6 nights. Definately upgrade to the club Rotana level which is worth the extra money. Very clean &amp; friendly hotel with 5 star service from all of the hotel staff. Great location to be at, as it is more central to all areas of Dubai rather than the expensive over rated Jemeria beach. Ample taxis available outside the hotel so very easy to flag one down when required.The food at the resturants within the hotel was excellent, with great selection and high food quality.	
Jan 3 2009	Great hotel	A great hotel. Eveything positive.Staff excellent. Few kids.Rooms are not small by European standards. Excellent roof top pool and gym. If you stay here you will not be disappointed.	
Nov 26 2008 	Bland and Blah but Good Price	The reason we stayed in the Towers Rotana was because it offered a good price in the business district, a much better price than many other hotels that were also on the same strip of Highway (The Fairmont, the Four Points Sheraton, etc. which were all down the street). The hotel was relatively new and the rooms were clean and the staff was friendly. And the rooms two of us of were given were large. But if you like a BLAND hotels with no real personality, you'll really like this hotel. The room decor was done so innocuously as to not offend anyone...again...bland, dull, and boring (but clean!). One wishes that someone told the decorator...&quot;go on, add some personality to the place,&quot; but that was never said. I read another Trip Advisor comment that someone spent their honeymoon here...and i thought &quot;oh man....what an interesting choice of honeymoon hotels.&quot; Trust me, if you are on your honeymoon and looking for a fifty year marriage, look elsewhere. The hotel is in the general business district, which is very new and VERY isolated. You will NOT end up walking out of this hotel and having a stroll through any kind of a charming neighborhood and taking some amazing pictures in the Souk. No, you take a walk out onto the boulevard and you'll pass (every other block between office buildings) a KFC, and then a bit later a TGIF's and then you'll get to Tony Roma's. But as far as being in a Souk, or in the old town, or taking a stroll down an interesting streets as you might in New York once you exited your hotel....forget it. I would never return to this hotel because I thought it was a slightly memorable hotel, or I had an amazing stay in an amazing room (and mind you, a room can be small but great....but this is NOT a boutique hotel, and in fairness to them, they do not advertise it as such), or because I loved where the hotel was... I would only return because 1) the hotel had good value when most hotels in Dubai are much more expensive and 2) It was clean and the staff was &quot;pleasant&quot; and 3)....well, there is no &quot;3&quot;. And on top of that, the hotel internet price was almost $30 US Dollars. Stay here only if you need to be in this neighborhood, or for the price, but never for the charm or life experience. I don't mean to sound snippy about this hotel, as I love to champion a great hotel or an interesting hotel, but the two of us who stayed here felt exactly the same way...	
Nov 25 2008	Central well equipped and Friendly hotel	First time in Dubai, and it was made very pleasant by staff and the location at the Towers Rotana. It is a hotel with many business people. Rooms were very nice, and the service you receive was excellent, staff changed the towels daily, closed curtains in the evening, checked daily if you required anything in the mini bar, left slippers and dressing gowns, which all added to a memorable stay. The pool area was very clean and tidy. It was in a central location, and was only 20 mins away from the Mall of Emirates, marina and the Madanat area.	
Oct 25 2008 	People are missing the point	We booked this hotel as part of a package with an Australian holiday specialist in the UK and they advised this hotel would be what we needed. We had travelled with this agent before and trusted them. We booked and then looked at some reviews on the internet which seemed to have a common thread.....they questionned the quality of the rooms but praised the staff.Truth is....if you want to spend time looking at the detail of the rooms and are they 3 star? 3.5 star? 4 star?...well, you will have lots to occupy you......but what a sad holiday you are having! As a base for a short visit or a 24 hour experience of Dubai it is fantastic value.The staff in all areas of the hotel could not be more friendly.Choice of restaurants.....gym and pool facilities were good.The problem is......unless we all know what we all pay we cannot judge....but based on what we paid it was great value. We felt a lot of previous reviews concentrated on the rooms..... but if you are people who do not spend their time in their rooms then the reviews are missing the point....it is fundamentally a great place to stay.	
Oct 21 2008 	Excellant hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 6 days. Room was clean and well stocked. Stayed halfboard which is worth every penny as we had to eat in Flavours Two and with this you got free drink till 1030. Hotel staff were most helpful and totally cannot fault anything about it. Shuttle bus took you to the Emmirates mall and was able to get a taxi to anywhere within dubai. amazing views and at least about 1.5 miles away from public park and beach.	
Oct 6 2008 	Absolutely Brilliant	We stayed at the Rotana towers on the last 4 days of our honeymoon.I seriously cant fault this hotel.We arrived at 6am after a flight from Mauritus. Soon as we arrived it was a quick check in and straight up to our room which was upgraded to a suite on the 18th floor with a great view.Great breakfast with plenty to choose from... Very delish.We also ate in the restaurant on 2 evenings... The restaurant on the 3rd floor. The food was fabulous great service and not too expensive.The pool was great. clean and sooo refreshing. The concierge were great whatever you want its not a problem.They managed at short notice to organize afternoon at the Burj. Which we enjoyed and highly recommened.We would also like to thank the hotel for our cake and wine as a conratulations for being on honeymoon. A lovely gesture.When we eventually return to Dubai (not during ramadan or the hottest part of the year). we will stay at the Rotana towers hotel.	
Jul 30 2008 	Perfect. No faults with this hotel.	Stayed at Towers Rotana for a week in June. Perfect. No faults with this hotel. In a decent, central location.Housekeepers are very friendly and will go out of their way to do anything for you; keep you stocked up with complimentary toiletries, water, tea, coffee, towels, etc.Had a lovely view across Sheikh Zayed Road. A few people have said there is problems with the traffic noise - We didn't hear a thing.	
Jul 27 2008 	Great Hotel!	Stayed here for three days in June with my (female) friend and my 16 year old daughter as a stop-over on a trip to Singapore. We had booked B &amp; B through Airline Network in August 07 so Hotel was well aware that there were three of us in the room. On checking in at 3am we found there were still only two beds. This is my only criticism - being exhausted after a long flight and having to wait half an hour whilst the staff brought and made up the third bed in a room that must have been vacated before noon the previous day! Otherwise I have nothing but praise for the staff and facilities. Staff were without exception, courteous and polite - nothing was too much trouble for them. The household staff were particularly helpful. The pool is excellent. We used it at 10pm after going on the dune safari (a must do!). We had a very early check-out for our on-going flight, and as the restaurant doesn't open until 7am, we had room service at no extra charge - and were told we could order anything we wanted. Overall it was an excellent experience - well worth the money. Oh - ladies - check out the toilets in the Long Bar - they are awesome!	
Jul 12 2008 	Towers Rotana central and child friendly	We booked for 6 nights in July at the Towers Rotana on Shaik Zayed Road. We travelled with 2 children aged 5.5yrs and 20mths. I was a bit concerned as I thougth that the Towers was more a business hotel. I am delighted to say that we received excellent treatment. Upon arrival, we were upgraded to a bigger room, with a living area, and we had our breakfast on the 24th floor - Club Rotana. We stayed on the 23rd floor, excellent views - of construction, but that's Dubai now, you're going to see construction everywhere. The staff were friendly, efficient, knowledable. We used the babysitting services one afternoon when we went on the Dune safari, DH25 per hour, well worth it. May Flor was excellent with our children. The mall shuttles come to the hotel, so it was perfect. Great stay.	
Jun 5 2008 	" Loved it - Great Stay"	Stayed here in May for 4 nights with my husband. We had not been to Dubai before so did not know much about it, where to stay, what to do etc.... We booked on Expedia and although there were lots of other hotels that were cheaper this one had the best reviews on this website and fitted within our budget. No it is not a Burj Al Arab, Jurmeria Beach hotel etc... BUT it IS a fantastic 4* hotel! Rooms were very nice, the staff were amazing and could not do enough for you, the pool area is lovely.... a very nice place to relax with the choice of shade if you want it. Eating at this hotel was not expensive, Longs bar is great for a social night, the pool snack bar offers a range of lunches and snacks which did not break the bank. Location wise the hotel is quite centrally located with approx 15min taxi ride to the beach, airport and Emirates Mall. All in all we were really pleased with our trip and YES we would go back and stay there again - The expereince was fantastic for our first stay in Dubai.	
May 23 2008 	great hotel for business/leisure	theis hotel is great for a 4*- i did not expect much from it.the staff are splendid!the best they make ur stay really enjoyable.really cheerful and helpful. staff went out of the way to help you and provide you taxis/reservation to restaurant.for a first holiday in dubai it was great , we were not sure if we should go city/beach. and thought this was a bad location but is not.even the shuttle bus driver was really cheerful.really good for tourist/business. breakfast was really goo, they have plenty of room and the views are good too.best places to visit are the museum- cheap, go on the abrah-cheap- beach-need to pay a small fee, but cheap again!well the best plush malls are emirates and wafi desert safari and water sports.well if the hotel keeps all this up i shall return soon!	
May 15 2008	Not bad basic rooms but good services	Not bad - its what you expect for a 3* hotel but you are paying for the location. The rooms are very basic but the service is good and the restaurants are superb and offer good value. The gym/pool facilities are outstanding.	
Mar 24 2008	one of the better hotel deals in Dubai	You can certainly pay a great deal more in Dubai, but all in all this is one of the best places to stay for the money.	
Feb 28 2008 	Outstanding Hotel	Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights, the staff were very friendly and helpful, the facilities were top notch, and the food excellent.	
Jan 23 2008 	Fantastic!!!!!!	My wife and I stopped here as part of honeymoon last year. We had 4 fantastic nights in this fantastic hotel. The rooms are great, the staff are so friendly and its a great location. When we arrived we were 2 hours before the check in time but they let us go and have breakfast and drinks at no extra charge. When they realised it was our honeymoon we were upgraded from a double room to a suite and recieved a bottle or red wine (was very nice!) and a large 'congratulations' cake. It was also my birthday 2 days in to the stay and we recieved another cake Free!!! Overall 5 out of 5! Would recoment this hotel and Dubai to anyone. If you can, rent a car and driver for the day to drive you around the sights and shops. We did and he took us to the markets and the shops and then dropped us off for our evening meal. It only cost us about £50 for the driver, car (nice Toyota) and fuel. Fantastic. Can you tell i like Dubai a lot!!	
Jan 15 2008 	Good Location	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the beginning of November and then a further 3 nights at the end of November. The first trip to the hotel I got what I imagined, great room, great staff, and great location. The hotel has many restaurants of a very high standard and a great bar called Longs! The room which we had was of a good size and even had welcome treats on the coffee table which was a nice touch. Bathroom was clean and spacious, with plenty of towels! Getting out and about from this hotel is easy, taxis are always outside and there is free valet parking if you have a car. The hotel has a pool and gym, but i never went to them, but could see the pool from the room, it looked ok, if a bit small. The second trip there was also of the same standard except the room. I had requested a non smoking room, but I didn't get it. Now I wouldn't normally mind, but this room really smelt bad, and I mean BAD... I assume that because my check-in was later than usual (after 9pm) they gave all the non smoking rooms away. The room was smaller than what i had before and the bathroom a little pokey but neverless still clean and plenty of towels. No welcome treats this time on the coffee table, just an ashtray! so just a word of warning if you want a non-smoking room, make sure you book one and then contact the hotel just to make sure. Other than that all other hotel facilities were good, and if I go and stay in Dubai again I would still pick this hotel purely for location.	
Jan 6 2008 	Good Location	I picked this hotel mainly because of its good location. It is right on Sheikh Zayed Road and is closer to Jumeirah than to Deira. When I first checked in I was given a really small room that immediately made me uncomfortable. I asked for a change of room and so was upgrade me to a deluxe room at an extra charge of 60 AED per night. This room was much better as it had a sitting area opposite the bed. The furniture seemed old but very clean. I got a complimentary bottle of water each day which I was thankful for. The prices in the Mini bar were expensive as you might expect but the beer (cans) was only 17 AED. That is cheaper than other hotels I have been to. The one thing I was concerned about was the proximity of my room to the elevator and the noise that I might hear. The elevator itself was no problem but I could clearly hear anyone speaking at the corridor. The room next to mine was occupied by a family whose noise was audible as well, but not too bad. I was able to sleep soundly as the floor good was quite silent at night. The hotel has two very good and busy restaurants plus a lively bar. Teatro has excellent grills(I had a burger) and salads. Long's bar is a lively bar, but awful music. They used to have a live band but not anymore. If you can stand techno music for a long time then this bar will be an excellent choice. Taxis at the door are easy to get. I had no problems there. Check out was quick and the hotel did not charge me for the upgrade. Nice people at the reception. A guy named Jafer was exceptionally helpful. This four star hotel is a very good alternative to the mega five star hotels in Dubai, and if you get a good deal on it then it would be a great option.	
Dec 1 2007	Great City Hotel for stop over holiday travellers	We stopped over in Dubai, UAE for four nights before travelling onto Mauritius. As we had lived in Dubai for some years and had left there twenty years ago, we got a big surprise when we saw how everything had changed. Towers Rotana was built on what used to be desert. It is a fantastic hotel. The guest rooms are beautiful and public areas very clean. A delicious buffet breakfast is served in the morning. All the staff are so friendly and helpful and there was a free minibus to take us to a shopping mall and also to the terminus for the ' Big Red Bus ' the open top buses for city sight seeing. I would certainly stay there again without a doubt.	
Nov 16 2007 	Exceeded expectations	Stayed in Towers Rotana for 3 nights in October 2007 as part of our honeymoon.Given it seems to be marketed as a 'business' hotel, I wasn't too sure what to expect, but we were very pleasantly surprised.We were upgraded to a junior suite on arrival, and everything from check-in right through to check-out was perfect.The room was lovely, spacious and kept very clean. The pool and leisure facilities were excellent.The food was exceptional, particularly Teatro and the seafood buffet in Flavours.But as it as has been said on several occasions, this hotel's main forte is its staff. The service was excellent, from the reception &amp; conceirge, to housekeeping etc.Overall, would definitely return to this hotel and would have no hestitations in recommending it.	
Nov 8 2007 	5 Star Hotel	This hotel is a quality 5 Star Hotel. I stayed here for 5 nights in June. Everything about this hotel is excellent, rooms ,service, bars. The pool area is great and they have a quality gym there too. Drink and Food is a bit pricey however in the hotel bars. Longs bar is a good lively bar in the basement with music everynight. A courtesy bus runs from the hotel to the mall of the emirates several times a day which saves having to pay for a taxi. Whether on business or pleasure I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Nov 7 2007 	this is one quality hotel	excellent all round, but above all the staff are superb, really superb, i regularly stay in this hotel on business and wouldn't go anywhere else, good location, great facilities, first class housekeeping, fantastic restaurants, hard to fault, exemplerary hotel even compared to the top hotels	
Nov 6 2007 	great staff	just returned from a week in the towers rotana in dubai. from the time we arrived the staff could not do enough for us. after getting back to the hotel one night after a days shopping i noticed i had left my video camera and wallet with all my cash in it in the taxi. i did not have the name of the taxi company nor did i get a receipt from the driver, this did not stop the conscerige, he rang around and i had everything back in 30 minutes. room service is also excellent and the three restaurants all have top quality food. we will be going backneil	
Oct 31 2007 	Great Location Good value for money	Very convenient location (in the middle of Sheikh Zayed Road, close to Media City and Jumeirah area, almost in front of Emirates Towers) …Practical for business and leisure …Good service…Very relaxing pool area ….Restaurant: Theatro …OUTSTANDING Food and service …Rich Wine menu …(if stay crossing Thursdays …book in advance !)Tip: When booking a regular room, always ask for a corner room on Sheikh Zayed Road…It's much bigger (Better then a Junior Suite!) with huge sitting area ! (Room number ending with 24!!!!)	
Sep 15 2007 	Very pleasant stay	I was in the Towers Rotana in the first week of September 2007 for 2 nights. Very good room, on the eigth floor, very clean and bright and with everything you need, including minibar, safe, kettle for tea or coffee. I had a Club Rotana room which authorizes you to use the Club Rotana Lounge in the 24th floor for breakfast, drinks, newspapers, internet etc. Very pleasant. Free WiFi in the lobby. My room wasn't made up during the stay which is probably related to the fact that I had a quite late breakfast (10:00 am), but I didn't care because my stay was only 1 full day (2 nights). Air-con was too cold, I switched it off during my whole stay and still it was quite freezing in the room. Similar to many hotels, an extra door between bedroom and entrance area (where the wardrobe is located and the door opens to the bathroom) would help to keep out the noise from the corridors.	
May 13 2007 	Great for a business hotel with a half decent pool!	For the price I thought this hotel was great. As always in Dubai, getting anywhere is a complete nightmare!! but the hotel was great for the £65 per night I paid through Hotels.com! The pool has sun all day (unlike many including the Arabian Park that has Zero?!) Looks like the 'fun girls' are being kept out of Longs, so all good. If on business, give it a try, it's way better value than most of the 'wanna be classy' hotels in this place?!	
Mar 24 2007 	Very good hotel	I was in Dubai on business so I was looking for convenience and service rather than somewhere to hang out. The rooms are good, clean, and generally well stocked, although 2 of my colleagues also had trouble getting a room service menu. When they did the service and food were both good.Longs bar in the basement is also good, well stocked bar, food is typically good pub grub but no more than that.The staff were very attentive, in fact the the staff here could learn the Americans a thing or two about good service - nothing was too much trouble.The hotel is fairly central and easy to find things to in the local area - also taxis are pretty cheap so if you want to go elsewhere thats also easy.Breakfast was excellent and the restaurants were also very good.I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Feb 22 2007	Couldn't fault anything	Stayed at this hotel for a week and had a brilliant time. A bit of a difficult time in check in due to having a double room booked with two males. HOW many times were we asked if this was correct. Notwithstanding this, the stay here was brilliant.Extremely friendly staff, and very good value restaurants. We had a meal at the Burj, but the service, quality, and value for money at the Towers left the Burj standing.The Theme nights (sounds tacky but they aren't) were very good value for money. Excellent food and service.Rooms very good and cleanliness brilliant. Room service spot on, as was cleaning staff.Nothing to fault. Not near to the beach, but the pool area is very nice, with very good snacks and reasonable wine.	
Feb 1 2007 	Perfect!	Having read previous reviews I reiterate what I said on my review about the Hilton at Manchester Airport - What do people want!!!I have stayed twice at the Towers Rotana and on each occasion have had a brilliant stay. On this second occasion myself, my husband and my mother were sharing a room. Upon checking in we were immediately upgraded to a Suite - which was fantastic as it meant my mother in effect had her own room. The whole experience was great, the staff very, very friendly and they couldn't do enough for you. We were also Club Rotana members and the breakfast experience was wonderful - practically your own private dining room! I wouldn't stay in any of the beach hotels because of all the building works going on - that has spoilt Dubai. I worked here over 20 years ago and the beaches then were absolutely fantastic - nothing on them!!!!! All in all Towers is a good hotel and one that I would definitely recommend! We'll be back.	
Jan 3 2007 	Rotana visa application for dubai	the stay at the hotel was okay once we were there. however i spoke to them about the visa situation and it is the groups policy only to apply for visa's for business travellers and not tourists. A alienation in my view. for this reason only i will not stay in a rotana hotel in dubai again. i have suggested they let travel agents know this so tourists can have a choice whether to go through the hassles of obtaining a visa themselves	
Nov 28 2006 	First class service	booked to stay here for a short break, although not the best location- not sure where is really as Dubai is rather spread out, found the hotel service to be first class.rooms spotless, checks to see if everything is ok, turn the linen down before evening... you name it.food and bar in the hotel was excellent- teatro is an excellent restaurant, only gripe i had with the stay was the Wine was expensive! if i did decide to go to dubai again, would stop here!	
Nov 20 2006 	very nice but had few troubles	We stayed here for 6 nights and had problems when we checked in as Opodo had not told us that you have to add another 20 per cent to the bill so ended up paying 400 pounds more be carefull of this when booking through sites. The hotel is very nice and pay the extra for club rotana as you get breakfast and evening drinks in your own lounge. The beach is about a 10 minute taxi ride away. The hotel is more for business people stay on the beach if you want this.	
Nov 15 2006	Disappointing	Ok, straight to the point. Walls are paper thin and neighbours keep you awake (not their fault if the TV is on at reasonable level); the bar is full of call girls so you can't sit on your own for a quiet drink; the security are getting looked after by the call girls to be allowed to stay in the bar; you can't leave the bar to go back into the hotel without going outside where you get accosted by call girls; we had issues where groups of girls were running around the corridors shouting and laughing when I had to get a flight; later on, there were lads worse for wear running up and down the corridoors; everything was overpriced. Did I mention the call girls :-)Good points - nice pool, fantastic gymEven if it was because I was a guy that I got approached I still wouldnt want to take my wife there. Besides the fact that it was an overpriced meat market, I do actually like to sleep a few hours per night. However, some might read this and book it immediately, just not me.	
Sep 28 2006 	Average hotel for Dubai	This hotel is located in a busy road in the middle of huge towers. The superior room is clean, with a king bed, a nice view in the pool and the city, a big t.v., but it's not something you never forget. There is a big disadvantage if you go at this period of the time. Ramadan is very strict even for tourists. There is a bar in the hotel that doesn't has music but it serves alcohol. There is no place in the town to hear music and dance for a month. No belly dancers either. You can't eat or drink outside till it gets dark so, go to your hotel. The hotel's stuff is very polite and very friendly. Room service is not very fast concerning food. We had to wait for about an hour to have two pasta and one salad in our room since the restaurant was closed from 3.00 to 5.00. When we had it, the restaurant had already opened. There is a bus station in front of the hotel but it's not so good. I had to wait 20 min. to take one and I gave up. Taxis are cheap and can take you everywhere and you always find one. It's best though to rent a car. The hotel is a nice property, it has 30 floors, gym and small pool. If you want to be close to the sea though I would suggest Jumeirah district and if you want to be close to the centre choose Creek side. Have fun.	
Sep 24 2006 	All fine but....................	We stayed at the Towers for one night as tourists. There was nothing wrong with the hotel though am afraid we shall be damning it with faint praise, in line with some other reviews I felt that it didn’t quite come up to our expectations of a Dubai hotel.Its well positioned about 10 minutes taxi from the airport and 10-15 minutes taxi from the shopping malls. It is (I’m told) in the business district right beside one of the busiest roads in the city. The rooms are well sized and clean, our bathroom was a little tired but everything worked and worked well. The staff were courteous and the food was fine. Inside it is rather anonymous, the hotel ‘feels’ European in its design and décor and all the staff we saw appeared European or African. The hotel lays on entertainment at night which is very much aimed at Europeans; Tuesday night was ‘A taste of Blighty’I can’t see you would have any problems using the hotel certainly not if you are there for business or work. But for a holiday? I think you could do better.	
Sep 16 2006	Good hotel	Hotel very nice. On Sheik Al Zayed Road, which means a short taxi ride from anywhere in Dubai - the max we ever paid was £5. Pool on top of car park - small but perfectly formed. Food excellent, and they did themed nights were you paid about £18 and got unlimited food and alchol - very nice. Rooms excellent. We liked Dubai, but did find the treatment of women was upsetting. However, if you are comfortable with the seeing local women covered from head to toe in black (including gloves) in the searing heat, western women not wearing this will only get strange looks. Racism is also very bad - Indians and Packistanis make up the majority of the population but are treated awefully. We hired our own desert dune buggies which was great (though £110 for two of us, but worth it). Desert safaris and dune bashing great. And you have to go skiing in the Emirates Mall, just to say you have done it! Would come back to this hotel if we were coming back to Dubai, but dont think my morals can stand the place again.	
Sep 15 2006 	Ummm low standard	If you've stayed in 4 or 5 star South East Asian (HK, Bangkok, Phuket etc) hotels this will be a let down.Bedrooms are large, but smell of stale smoke, as does much of the hotel. Housekeeping doesn't appear till you ring and chase them, this was after 4 o'clock mind, not in the morning!Breakfast buffet good, but very pricey. Location not brilliant, on a huge highway and you'd better like what's on your side of the Sheik Zayed Highway or you'll have to get a cab to take you to the other side!!!! If you're lucky enough to hail one with a driver who has been in Dubai for more than two days and actually knows where ANYTHING is that is!	
Aug 22 2006	Thieving Housekeepers	What ever you do use the safe, had trouble using ours and thought all would be ok, how wrong I was, turned out the housekeeping staff are thieving little [--------].Have stayed in this property of previous occasions and could never fault the place. How sad all that's changed.If your thinking of booking this hotel I would seriously advise against it. I certainly wont be returning.	
Jul 31 2006	Who needs the Burj al Arab?	My friend and I stayed at the Towers Rotana for 3 nights in February and had a great stay! After a tiring overnight flight we arrived at the hotel early in the morning but our first night booked wasn't until that evening, so we decided to book a room just to get our heads down for a few hours before 'hitting the town'! The staff were happy to oblige and because there was a slight mix-up over the key, we weren't charged for this. The staff were extremely attentive and friendly and the breakfast was first class. This hotel also has the advantage of a smart restaurant (Teatro) and the excellent Long's bar (superb bar meals!) on site. The rooms were clean and comfortable, with great views and I would certainly stay there again.	
Jul 5 2006	Excellent	Stayed here for 3 nights after a week in the Maldives.This hotel is mainly for business travellers and not holiday makers. But we loved it because of that. We wanted the central location to do things. We were not there to be by the beach and chill.The traffic can be bad and is so hairy! There are 14 lanes of traffic from one side fo the road to the other. So taxis are a must. But they are cheap.Room was clean and OK size and service was great. Don't use the minibar it didnt have a price list and we had two small tubs of pringles which cost us £5! What a rip.We managed to get to the pool once and was really nice and great to watch all the contruction which is everywhere.We had a room with a view out on to the main strip which was great and loved to get up every morning and look at first thing and see the rush hour traffic which lasts hours!We did the Mall of emirates and the shopping in emirates towers where I got my mulberry bag from which wasnt any cheaper than UK. But i wanted to get it here for my present.Gold souk ar Diera is meant to be the best and we thought it was. It must be seen to be believed. My partner bought himself a ring of 18 ct white gold and three princess cut diamonds weighing 1.3 ct and we got it valued back home and its value doubled.......it was expensive but we have made a fortune!Wild wadi was worth the trip. Do a sunset dune bashing drive with BBQ definately a highlight.....arabian adventures were excellent and went with them cos of recommendation. But they go out in huge convoys our was 34 4x4s. 7 peeople jammed in and in the heat 60 degrees 6pm if was annoying struggling to get in and out all the time. But they are well established and have the evening down to a T.The long bar in the hotel was just like weatherspoons but with loud music not that fond. Vu bar on floor 51 of emirates towers was a favourite. Didnt get the views though cos of condensation on the windows!Only went for one meal. 2 courses at al naroufah (or whatever) in the mall in emirates towers was excellent and cost only £60 with a bottle of wine. We didnt have a clue what the menu was about being lebanese but they guided us and made recommendations. It was lovely.Overall - fantastic and utterly amzing. The contruction has to be seen to be believed. We will return.	
Jun 30 2006	Great Place to stay ....		
Jun 26 2006	Not the best!!		
Jan 21 2006	"Treated like a King 		
Nov 15 2005	very nice but not nice enough for dubai		
Sep 19 2005	Superb hotel		
Aug 24 2005	Good choice in Towers Rotana Hotel		
Jul 7 2005 	Decent hotel		
Jul 5 2005 	Okay but not good enough for Dubai		
Jun 6 2005	Towers Rotana Hotel		
Feb 8 2005	In general pretty good		
Jun 11 2008 	Confortable et bien placé		
