Dec 30 2008 	Nice Space	If you are not too fussed about staying in 5 star and on the beach, then these apartments are great.On my visit it was paid for so couldn't complain too much.The apartments are very spacious and have comfortable bed, kitchen bathroom with separate toilet aswell.Flatscreen tvs in lounge and bedroom.The gym is adequate and the pool was nice and warm.The indian restaurante is fantastic with good authentic indian food (made by indian chefs)Overall a nice accommodation.	
Oct 13 2008	Basic but ok	Very basic accommodation but ok if you are looking to self cater. The rooms are huge and well equiped if not available at time of booking. eg missing kitchen utensils.Rooms are not finished to a high standard but are adequate for a stay in the exorbitantly priced city of Dubai	
Jul 4 2008 	All that glitters is not gold!!	According to the rules, I'm not place profanities in my review of this place. A shame, 'cos I'd really like to tell you how &lt;profanity&gt; awful this place was.The only praise I have for Seven Sands is for it's close proximity to The Mall of The Emirates.Where to begin: Firstly, upon arrival my wife and I weren't expected - they knew someone was coming, because they had a list saying expect some people... but until I produced my receipt they didn't know it was me.Secondly, I arrived from Saudi Arabia thinking this hotel would have bar facilities - that I could sit and have a quiet drink with my wife. I only found out as I was checking in that Seven Sands doesn't have a licence... and there is nowhere in close proximity that does. Marvelous.We checked in late in the night, around 11pm. The air-conditioner in our room wasn't working when we got there, so we called reception and they sent up a technician. After talking to the reception staff he informed us that the AC couldn’t be fixed tonight. Some bright spark suggested that my “pregnant” wife and I stay in this ‘hot-box’ for the night and be relocated the next day. Sorry, but I wasn’t forking out ‘peak season rates’ to sleep in a sauna – so suggested this wasn’t the smartest of ideas. 20 minutes later we were in our new room. The air-conditioner was working fine, but so many other problems cropped up:The tiling and decorations all look nice, but when you look close enough, it's easy for the un-trained eye to tell that the place has just been &quot;thrown&quot; together.The decor in the appartment was of the &quot;budget&quot; variety.The electronic appliances provided in our rooms all had two-pin plugs. The sockets in the walls are all three-pin. There were only two adapters in the whole apartment, so if we wanted to have a cup of coffee or make some toast, charge our cameras etc… we had to unplug some other appliance (the TV a lot) in order to do so.There are two wall-mounted flat-screen TV's: One in the lounge and one in the bedroom. Great, but all of the channels are free to air and the few english-language channels we did come across were scattered and difficult to find. We didn't come to Dubai to watch TV but the option for quality entertainment should be there - the owners of this place are charging a lot for a single night so should perhaps consider 'getting off their wallets' and providing some decent channels. The plug behind the lounge TV was too close to the set. Once the big lump of an adapter was in place, it was impossible to plug in anything else (satellite receiver, sterio). There was a second wall plug behind the tv, but this one had no power - and of course no adaptor. I un-plugged and re-plugged this tv and the decoder several times over the weekend as my wife and I went about charging our essentials or when making breakfast.The lamp in the lounge didn't work. I went to turn on the bedroom lamp only to find there wasn't even a plug at the end of the cable - Just two exposed wires.The phone in the bedroom was broken in the same way. Exposed wires and this time the plug still in the wall.There was no hair-dyer.The electronic safe was there as advertised – but of course wasn’t functioning. The door was open and the two steel rods that lock it once closed were permanently extended. There were no batteries installed. There was a leak from the bathroom toilet and the shower water was only just warm. we initially tolerated these – as we were getting sick of constantly reporting problems. On our second day, another leak started from the bathroom ceiling – the ceiling with grubby fingerprints all over it. We couldn’t ignore this so called for maintenance. Whatever the technician did, he not only fixed the leak - but provided us with hot water too. One of the few highlights of this place.The inside of the microwave was dirty.There was no electric jug in the kitchen, only the stand it sits on.We ran out of the small complementary coffee sachets so I visited reception and asked for a couple more. I watched one of the staff go into the kitchen to retrieve some. The receptionist sent me back to my room, and told me that they would be brought up shortly. I waited and waited and waited… and finally gave up hope... The next morning I helped myself to coffee sachets from the breakfast buffet.Speaking of breakfast – we only attempted it the once. That was enough. There was nobody to greet us, so had to find our own seating. It seemed that only one staff member was working the room and he was falling behind: Many of the tables were still occupied by used utensils - It was a struggle to find somewhere decent to sit. Strange really, because when you looked through the glass windows into the kitchen there seemed to be an awful lot of people in there.There were no suitable glasses to drink from - my wife had to pour her orange juice into a martini-style glass. In all my life, I have never seen anything like it!!! Even though food items were in warmers, they were still cold . The coffee I ordered came with powdered milk yet there was fresh milk available at the drink counter. I watched one woman pour herself a glass, take it back to her table then transfer it to her cup of coffee. She saw me looking and we exchanged one of those ‘can you believe this place!' looks. I couldn't believe that on this last holiday before our baby was born I had brought my wife into this rubbish!!My wife and I thought it would be less of a headache if we made our own breakfasts for the remaining two days of our stay – after all, we were staying in an “apartment” - so we brought supplies at the supermarket in the nearby Mall of The Emirates. Come the next morning when we sat down to eat, we found that there were no knives in the kitchen... forks and spoons yes, but no knives. We rifled thorough the cupboards looking for some but only succeeded in releasing some pretty awful smellsSome furniture on the balcony would have been nice - people like to sit outside and have breakfast, dinner or sometimes drinks together.If you are crazy enough to check in - watch out for the step that’s just next to the reception area. Hard to see and a a bit of a health hazard!!!Not worth the money I paid for it!!!	
Feb 26 2008 	pleasently suprised	I booked this hotel at last minute. Was a bit worried about what it would be like because there was no reviews and no pictures as it was newly built. However upon arrival i was very pleased with its location and the hotel itself.The apartments are very well equiped with balcony, lounge with dining area, kitchen with all amenities, bedroom. bathroom and 2nd toilet. 2 flat screen tvs, dvd player and cable tv (although only 2 english channels but you don't come to dubai to watch tv!!!) The rooms were clean and cleaned everyday with towels being replaced and they even do your washing up. There are a few unfinished touches but we only used the room to sleep in and it didn't bother us. Has a small clean pool with sunbeds and table/chairs on the roof. There is also a gym, sauna, steam room and jacuzzi. The staff were very polite and helpful. I couldn't really fault anything.The location is two streets away from the emirates mall so it was ideal for shopping and eating. It is right beside a main road so good for getting everywhere. Taxis are very cheap although the drivers know little english. Defenatly do ... desert safari, Wild Wadi, Jumeriah Beach!!!	
Nov 23 2009	Seven Sands		
Mar 29 2009 	bon rapport qualité/prix		
