Jan 14 2008 	Average hotel apartment experience	Stayed for about a week in this hotel in an Executive Panorama suite. The location is good and the staff try to provide an okay service. The rate is quite attractive compared to many other places in Dubai, which is a city mainly populated by four and five star hotels and resorts. The breakfast is not very interesting, and the the rooms and facilities seem a little run down. The apartment facilities are nice to have if you like a cup of coffee in your room or travel with small children.	
Aug 10 2007 	nice and clean	We lived in Number One Tower Suites in dubai for 6 nights . The hotel is clean in general , the lobby is small , the room was ok regarding space ( that’s the standard suite ) there are bigger suites with 2 rooms and a small living rooms , there is a small kitchen with all the basic stuff that you might need but they are not very clean . the breakfast was nice with reasonable varieties, and although there is no egg corner you can ask for any type of egg cooking you like. it has a good location in Shik Zaid road , with so many near by restaurants , The rooms do not have good sound isolation I mean you can sometimes hear the people when they talk out side your room or even if they move stuff in the flour abouve you , its not that annoying but it worth mentioning . The staff were friendly and the room service will provide you with any thing like suing kit or slippers which I found very convenient because there is no carpet on the floor and its so cold to walk on with out a slipper . there is a nice swimming pool and a gym . so in general this hotel was OK .	
Apr 29 2007	Reasonable choice in Dubai	Stayed here for 3 nights from March 31 thru April 3. Dubai is a funny place and I don't think anywhere in the entire city is in a central location as the city and the area most tourists want to be in spreads out over 20-40km, having said that the Number One Tower Suites on Sheik Zayed Road is in a good location. This part of Dubai is more or less a new area and all the buildings appear to be under 10 years old I guess so if you are looking for any of the character of old Dubai this area probably isn't for you. Sheik Zayed Road seems to be a main road which eventually becomes the main highway linking Dubai to Abu Dhabi and is extremely busy most of the day and night but the hotel has good soundproofing and I really didn't notice any traffic noise. The hotel is located in the area that has the Convention Centre, Emirates Tower, Shangri-La &amp; Dusit Hotels plus a few cafes. restaurants etc around the area so if you are on foot there is enough within walking distance to give you a little bit of choice. I arrived in Dubai around 6.30pm on a Saturday night just as it was getting dark and managed to find the hotel easy enough as I was driving myself. Checkin was easy and quick, no problems with my prepaid voucher. Room 405 was nice, large enough big comfy kingsize bed, large lcd tv with I guess enough english language stations, a couple of nice leather chairs and a nice view albeit through very dirty windows down Sheik Zayed Road. It also had a kitchenette which was nice, had a fridge, sink, hotplates but didn't have a microwave which I thought was a bit strange. The hotel has an indoor pool which was fine but I felt a little uneasy using it as when I did the attendant just stood at the bottom of the stairs watching me all the time, not sure maybe he thought I was going to drown, I was the only one using it at the time but just a little odd I thought. Breakfast was included and not too bad, didn't realize on the first morning they did eggs to order.I had a car during my stay in Dubai and the hotel had a goodsized parking area and never a problem parking or a charge. Hotels in Dubai are not cheap and this was by no means an upmarket hotel, but after reading a lot of reviews on hotels in Dubai this one seemed a good choice and it was as it doesn't have a problem that a lot of cheaper hotels, if US $150+ is cheaper in Dubai seem to have which is noise from nightclubs/bars located in the hotel as this hotel doesn't have one. The ground floor has a cafe, coffee shop and also a Starbucks which are open until late midnight or 1am I think so there was still pleanty of activity going on until late but no noise.Overall a nice hotel	
