Nov 3 2009 	Rather over-rated	This hotel is in a good location by the beach and over the road from the Jumeirah mosque. The grounds are very nice with streams and lots of trees, although the accommodation blocks are not near the pools or restaurants. We had a junior suite for one night but were a bit disappointed that it was really just like a townhouse or apartment with small windows, access through a lobby area and didn't feel at all like a resort room (we were on the ground floor). We had no complaints with the room itself which was well appointed, spacious and clean and would have been lovely in the middle of a city, but not really what we expected by the beach. Our only experience of the other facilities was breakfast, which was the worst we experienced during our whole trip - service was slow and a bit sullen, the food was limited in choice with no Arabic/ME dishes offered and what was presented was lacking in flavour. We felt the hotel was OK, mainly appealing to European groups, but expensive for what was on offer.	
Sep 11 2009 	Definitely would come back and stay here again !	After reading the reviews on TA, we were very sceptical about staying at this hotel. However once we got there, we were amazed on how clean the hotel was. We stayed in the family suite which had a luxiorious bedroom. The bed was the most comfortable bed we had ever slept in! Kiddies sofa bed was good too. The food is excellent and so was the room service. Private access to very clean beach, 3 clean swimming pools and very modern gym. Breakfast was included in our stay and was worth every penny however other food/meals were very expensive but very fresh and very tasty !This hotel was in the best location. Staff were very friendly at all times of the day! If you compare it to the newer 5star hotels in Dubai it is a 4star but one of the best !	
Sep 5 2009 	This is not 5 star no way!	We went to this resort at late notice as it is one of the resorts that keep their pools open and chilled during Ramadan! The rooms are spacious and clean and the main bed is fantastic, the best 7 nights sleep we have had. But the childrens bed was a pull out sofa in a room downstairs that sagged dreadfully in the middle. They decided to give us a put up bed for our third child after we had complained about the springs that were sticking out and missing!!! The room was always clean but the bathroom was rather dated and small! The pools were chilled and great fun but the poolside toilets were not clean and I never saw anyone checking them! The floor around the pool was hazardous although they had said that this was going to be replaced. Slipping was a problem and one little girl had fallen and broken her two front teeth! The pool towels were raggy and had holes in them and the sun loungers needed some TLC.The breakfast room was a disaster. They have one room in which they have smoking and non smoking mixed which is no good with small children. Each time we asked for a non smoking table the people on the table next to us were smoking!!!!!! All in all I definately would not go back, but I feel with a little TLC this could be a fantastic resort, it just seems to have been neglected for a while! More 3 star than 5!	
Aug 16 2009 	Not to bad!	When I stayed here it was due to close proximity to my business meetings. I read over some of the reviews here and really don't agree with some of them. This is not the one of the high end hotels where you pay a ton of money per night and not a 5 star. The service is not great and the restaurants borderline terrible (If you ever been to Thailand stay away from the Thai restaurant) but for a reasonable price in Dubai (I had a special) I got what I paid for. Location was good for me too, I enjoyed the recreation facilities (beach, tennis courts, gym). Warning though! When you come outside looking for a taxi the guy in the stand will try to get you take one of the white luxury cars. Do not do it, they are rip off artists. Wait for a regular cab or hail one just on the main road.	
Jul 27 2009 	Oh my goodness.... I could have spent all day and night in the amazing most comfortable bed!!!!	Our last night of our four week trip was spent at the Dubai Marine Beach Resort and Spa. With one day in Dubai our intention was to look around the city but we loved the resort so much we spent the day there! The room (and just the standard suite) was immaculate, the bed can only be described as sleeping on a cloud and the private beach and bar staff were amazing. There are plenty of restaurants and bars on site as well so you can do a lot there without even leaving the resort! Located right next to a bus stop so can easily get to Jumeirah Beach or Deira and a short distance from airport (about 50 dirhams).	
Jun 26 2009 	Good value on the special but	Had a very enjoyable stay staff were all great even though to get a cup of coffee at breakfast was an effort but otherwise good service and friendly .The hotell has 3 very nice pools and good pool and beach bars. My only gripes are the happy hour drinks are selective only beer wine and spirits no cocktails and they are not half price as happy is generally known for. Also there is no free internet access it costs approx $15 for half an hour which is to much cosidering you can go out thr front door to the mall next door and get internet access for $1.50 at the coffee shop upstairs and a nice salad and smoothy for half the price you would pay at the DMBR&amp;S. this hotel is worth going to but only if you get a special rate.	
May 27 2009 	Definitely needs a make-over	We stayed in the Dubai Marine Beach Club in September last year. We have stayed in many of the Dubai hotels and this place was definitely the worst. We live in Duabi now and frequent the bars and restaurants of this hotel. I am writing this review, not necessarily to rate the rooms but more so to rate the experience my friends and I have had in one of their clubs, Boudoir. We have been to this club many times. We have always liked it. Tuesday night is ladies night and the club offer free champagne to all ladies. We were at the club last night from about 10pm. It was quiet but soon filled up. In fact, over filled!! There were 6 of us in the party and were standing at the same spot at the bar for all our time in there. At about 1am, a dubai national, moved into our spot at the bar. He told me to move. I said no. He proceded to order some drinks for him and his friends. All alcoholic I might add! We were then, quite promptly, escorted out. Now, why would a club like that serve alcohol to a UAE national? Why were we asked to leave? Another issue, which disturbs me more, was the fact that my wifes drink was tampered with. This isn't the first time this has happened to someone we know. Many of our friends have had similar experiences, ie not remembering anything from the night, if even after only one drink. Chronic illness throughout the night, black outs, etc. This is not simply after having alcohol, as we have never experienced this in other bars or clubs. Only here. Yes, of course there may be other explanations for this. I understand this story may be heard the world over ffrom other bars and clubs. However, I feel that this has gone on in this club for long enough. I, or my friends, will not be going to that club again. We will recommend to our friends not to go there either. It simply not good enough to deny that drinks are being spiked. Patrons are entitled to enjoy themselves without the worry of something happening their drink and spoiling their night. This club, for the reasons above should be avoided. I do intend taking this up with hotel management. I will post their response, if any.	
Apr 20 2009 	NOT a 5 star hotel!!	Stayed on week at this hotel, but we tried to change hotel after 3 days. Rooms are basic, balconies are 1m wide with no furniture, but better than basement rooms... Outdoor areas are worn down, beach is crowded, less that 30 cm between sun chairs! The beach is too small even for the number of hotel guests, and on top of that the hotel accepts paying guests! It is packed. The ubrellas are mostly not working, and if you are lucky enough to find one that does, it has been removed by the personell, given to other guests, if you leave to eat lunch in one of the hotel restaurants... When complaining to reception about this and a lot of other issues, tehy told me I could just leave the hotel...The only positive to say about the hotel is the restaurants, they are very nice!!!There is a reason why this hotel is cheaper than other 5 star hotels. If you want luxury, pay the extra and go to other hotels!!!	
Apr 9 2009 	location location location	great location-great facilities-private beach and grass areas...highly recommend executive suite booked direct with hotel 1600 AED inc breakfast...costly internet service	
Mar 18 2009 	Dont Believe ALL you read !!	After reading reviews I wanted to cancel this holiday,but after spending the 4days there, I can say that some people most just like to complain.The room was a good size and spotless (but make sure you insist on a balcony room and dont accept a lower ground one !) .The food was excellent especially the Tai restaurant, even the half board menu was superb. Staff was exceptional - our party was all treated like royalty. However the only dissapointment was that England did not win the Dubai rugby 7's - all said and done excellent value for money would go back their again someday.	
Feb 21 2009 	Beautiful Hotel for Couples...	This is a beautiful complex with some of the nicest and most helpful staff I have ever met. The room was immaculate, cleaned everyday, fresh towels, toiletries, newspaper, fruit bowls and fresh flowers, fresh bottled water, all complementary, every day. The pools are temperature controlled and there are three: one is deep and very warm, one is large - excellent for older kids and adults alike and there is a kids pool, also excellent. All are immaculate. Free loungers and beach towels, poolside or beach, are placed for you, even down to the towels being laid out. The beach is well kept with boogie boards etc. There are several full-time lifeguards who are especially vigilant with children. If you want watersports go out from the hotel, turn right onto the public part of Jumeirah beach and you'll find them there - that beach is massive, stretching for miles.The restaurants at this hotel are not child friendly, indeed several do not permit children at all, except for at breakfast time. There is nowhere ideal to take the children in the evening on the complex either. For example, one of the bars that is next to a kid's mini playground is closed (in February anyway!). The food is expensive generally, alcohol expensive too, and not good if you have a budget! You will find many people access the hotel, especially at weekends to use the facilities and the restaurants that are not residents so it can feel that you have no exclusivity. However, whilst people can come in to the restaurants (very late as well) it should be noted that their bags are searched on entry and they have no access to the hotel rooms so you are safe. Note that parts of the complex are noisy till late. Watch out for shifty billing from the beach bar. The menu may say something is 18 dhms but you will probably get charged 38 dirhams, because you were looking at the wrong menu, even when they gave it to you! A beer was 27 dhms on the menu but billed at 35 dhms. We were charged £24 for 3 juices on our first day! The staff at the beach bar were quite ignorant about this when we complained but a quick word with the hotel manager corrected this. There are no children's menus anywhere and no children sized portions of food or drink available at all. If money is an issue for you, or if you like good value for the money you spend, go out of the hotel, turn left and eat at Japengo's. You'll get Japanese noodles, Iranian and Lebanese food - platters are awesome, pizza or pasta there so it suits everyone (despite the lack of alcohol). TAXIS: The cream coloured cabs are half the price of the white cabs. SOUKS: Take a taxi to the Gold and Spice Souks in the Bur Dubai area - if your driver looks baffled about where you want to go, ask for the Bur Dubai bus station and then ask a local where to get the Abra boats from - it's near HSBC bank if you need a landmark. You can take a boat across the manmade canal/river to the Souk - this will cost you maybe 1-2 dirhams (20-40p) and adds to the fun. When you get there, ask another local where the Gold Souk is, you probably won't ever find it otherwise....the Spice Souk is near - ask in the shops, people are almost always happy to help you. Leave enough time to take an Abra boat back over then as you disembark walk over to your left - there is an Iranian Souk there too. Don't expect to find any restaurants in these areas, although drinks are readily and very cheaply available either from drinks machines or local people with trays! Expect to pay 2 dhms (40p) for a canned juice.Go to Madinat Jumeirah (near the palm).....it's a new Arabian Souk, pricey but nice to wander. Suggest you go to Japengo's there as well as it's halve the price of the other eateries. You can take a short Abra boat tour of the &quot;new Venice&quot; which is quite pleasant. You're near the Jumeirah Palm in this area, short taxi ride, I would say. DESERT SAFARI. If you don't do this with Alpha Tours then when other people tell you how great it is you'll be gutted. Dune Bashing - even for young kids - is fantastic, you eat Arabic food, try traditional costume, have henna, sheesh, belly-dancing, camel riding and more. It's very good value and will suit anyone. Alcohol is available and is reasonably priced.I must say, I was surprised to see people query the rating of this 5* hotel. This is a fair rating. Can't see why anyone would say otherwise. It has all the facilities and service you would expect of a 5* hotel. Good pools, good facilities, a spa, massage area on the beach....I could go on....	
Jan 3 2009 	5* you're kidding!!!	If you're looking for the luxuries and extras that come with booking a 5* hotel then Dubai marine Beach Resort should be given a wide birth.My wife and 11 year old daughter and our friends with their 2 children aged 5 and 4 were left with little choice when booking late for a Winter break but took some comfort in the fact that this hotel was rated 5* and was in Dubai, where we have previously stayed in various hotels.The Restaurants and Resort area appear to be a totally seperate enterty to the hotel and are mainly used by locals. There are numerous late night bars that don't close until 3am making certain rooms within the hotel susceptable to noise from late night music and homegoing revellers. The local Mosque is also extrememly close and would wake all but the very heaviect of sleepers at 5.30am every morning with the call for prayer.The rooms although clean, were very average despite being called &quot;Suites&quot; and came with none of the little extras you would expect. We were offered an upgrade to an Executive suite which we were told were slightly bigger then the Junior suites and had Balconies and Jacuzzi baths. Well, the Balconies had no view to speak of and didn't have any furniture on them, rendering them completely useless. The seperate Lounge area was used as a 2nd bedroom for the kids by means of a sofa bed which was left as a bed all week. There were no other chairs provided therefore nowhere to sit whilst getting ready to go out.The TV channels were restricted and picture quality poor.The choice and quality of food offered in the various restaurants was acceptable however, we were obliged to stay on a Half Board basis and were not advised of the arrangements on arrival. Basically you are given vouchers which can be used in 6 of the 8 restuarants (the remaining 2 are owned not owned by the Hotel). These vouchers entitled us to a choice from a set menu. However, we were made to feel like second class citizens when presenting the vouchersand were told that the children had to leave the restaurants by 9.30pm which is disgraceful for a hotel purporting to be family friendly.The pools and grounds generally are in urgent need of refurbishment and the waiter service virtualy non existent. The Tropical pool made my daughters hair and various swimming costumes turn green, which although totally unacceptable and never really explained, was compensated by the refund of our room upgrade.On checking out, our bills contained numerous spurious beverage charges which could not be accounted for and although deducted, we were not given satisfactory explanation.I cold go on, however to summarise, if you want to pay 5* prices for 3* service and accommodation then this hotel is for you. If not, stay well clear.	
Nov 30 2008	Wonderful rooms and great location.	Unhappy with our booked hotel, a quick trawl of the internet, a telephone call, and two taxis later we found ourselves at the Dubai Marine Beach Resort &amp; Spa.Ending up in one of the Junior Suites in the hotels villas, we could not have been happier. Very modern lagre, and spotlessly clean rooms. Wifi, mini bar, twin LCD tvs, walk in wardrobe, and a large bathroom with jacuzzi bath.With all the new luxury hotels being built in Dubai at the minute, this hotel could be considered old, having opened in 1989, but it has kept pace well, with perhaps the possible exception of its dinning facilities. Having said this those of you heading to Dubai, check out the live entertainment at the El Paso Restaurant &amp; Bar (Tex Mex), the resident house band &quot;Tripple X&quot; put on a great light hearted show. Not to everyones taste, but very entertaining.All in all the hotel, its location, and staff were excellent. Beware of the Hotels' Private Taxis, twice the price of the public taxis.	
Nov 5 2008 	Nice location but average service	We arrived in Dubai on 20 October from Al Ain. We had great expectations of this hotel. The setting is undeniably fine and very well placed to tour the city. However, the check-in staff seemed more keen to get you to upgrade your room than anything else.Room was not bad at all despite refusing upgrades. Delightful garden setting made the place. Beach bar very slow and the food was left sitting on the counter for sometime before the waiter decided to bring it to us. We were not impressed by the food from the two resturaunts we tried in the evening which did seem a bit expensive for what they offered. Excessive air conditioning seemed the norm here - to the point of being quite uncomfortable to us who were acclimatised to the heat of the Emerates.After seeing other places in Dubai, I would not return	
Oct 26 2008 	A hotel of note in any world-wide selection	We stayed 12 nights from 8/10/08. We had read some adverse comments but found them to be without foundation. It is an excellent hotel, an oasis of comparitive peace fairly near the city centre but with noteworthy restaurants, beach, pools, water features and a very friendly staff - all at a reasonable price for Dubai. We stayed in standard rooms (one in each) in Villa 35. Up - graded rooms are probably better but the standard room is certainly adequate for1/2 people.Any criticisms are very minor eg. no tea or coffee making facilities available in bedrooms. Buggies can be called to take one to a restaurant in the evening and home again. There is an influx of young people in evenings to party and enjoy themselves. And why not? They have a good time and do not interfere with the (mostly older) hotel residents. It is a 2 storey level hotel and lifts are not needed. We never used one.Taxis are cheap and on instant call - but get one with a meter! The hotel is a welcome contrast to some of the oddly shaped, high rise buildings in glass anr concrete. Mind you some of the concrete is nicely coloured! Whatever problems Dubai may have in the shape of heat, traffic and lack of notable scenery this hotel remains a perfect oasis. We would recommend it to all normal people!	
Oct 8 2008 	Really enjoyable stay	Just back from a 5 night stay and we had a great time, never been to Dubai before but were given the opportunity to upgrade to a junior suite for an additional £30 which was well worth it, separate area to chill, read etc a bigger bathroom and a walk in wardrobe. Staff were all very attentive and couldn't do enough for you, tipping wasn't expected but is appreciated if you are that way inclined. Beach wasn't to crowded and the sea was the nicest that I have every experienced, warm and clear, sunloungers were really comfortable. The only down side of the whole holiday was that our first morning conflicted with the last day of Rammadam and the noise from the temple began very early and went on for several hours and we did feel that we should have been advised that this would happen.We ate at the Thai, Lebbanese and Mexican restaurants and the food was excellent. The Lebbanese restaurant lives up to it reputation for the amount of food by the way, we have very healthy appetites but there was way to much for 2 people.I would certainly consider going back to this hotel again and would recommend it.	
May 19 2008 	5 star heaven	We were upgraded to a three bedroom suite having paid for a two bedroom suite.There is a lot of building work going on in the area but once you get through the front doors it is five star luxury all the way.Fabulous building, friendly and efficient staff.Only downside was the lifts take ages and staying on the 42nd floor meant we often had to wait.Fabulous hotel which I would recommend to anyone.Would definitely stay there again.	
Apr 26 2008 	only average	not the best hotel i have ever stayed in.access with a buggy was difficult as no lifts and lots of steps and stairs.getting a taxi was stressful in itself and the area all around seemed very claustrophobic and well worn by people...room quality was only average for the price.find that dubai boasts 5 star but does not walk the walk when it comes to service and quality.pity really as it seems like it is becoming the new costa del sol and taking on all the poor service habits	
Apr 11 2008	Worse	Be careful with the people who works in the hotel, this is the first time I go to a resort in Dubai and I have problem, maybe It is near to the beach but this is the worse one, in dubai all the resorts are incredible except this one. If you have another chance go to another, with better services.	
Feb 23 2008 	Loved Dubai Marine	We chose this hotel for its more central location between the city and beach, as we wanted a beach resort but didn’t fancy being so far away from the attractions of the city as some of the Jumeirah beach hotels were.Our standard room was not really a 5 star room and could do with being updated but nevertheless was very comfortable and clean. The bed was very large and comfy, the sheets were changed every day, as were the towels. There was a TV, dressing table and chairs, a wardrobe with dressing robes and slippers. The room had an electronic safe, fridge and mini bar. The bathroom had a reasonable shower over a bath, toilet and bidet and a small selection of free toiletries.You didn't need to take your own beach towels as you're given a towel card each and were allowed to take up to 2 towels at any given time.We stayed on a bed and breakfast basis and dined each morning in the Taverna restaurant, including our first morning while we waited for our room to be ready. Service was prompt and we only had to wait an hour for our room, even though it was only 8am.There was ample choice of cereals, fruit juices, fresh fruit, cooked breakfast, continental breakfast and omelettes/waffles/pancakes made freshly infront of you of your own choice with tea or coffee.The resort itself is all on one level and has a lovely relaxed, informal feel. The staff were always very friendly and helpful and couldn't do enough to please. My daughter and myself really enjoyed our stay. There were plenty of sunloungers and any staff member would move them to where you wanted them and would bring you a parasol and a table if you wished. There were lifeguards on duty at each of the pools.There was some evidence of building work within the hotel grounds. They were laying a new wooden patio area near one of the pools but this hardly distracted guests from their holiday enjoyment.The hotel grounds are very beautiful and quiet and lead down to the small individual beach cove.Posh and stylish it is not, but the Dubai Marine is the place to relax and enjoy the sun in friendly, comfortable surroundings.	
Feb 15 2008	Just trying to book was a nightmare!	After looking at working in South Africa for a few months I decided to detour Dubai on the way back to England. I found this hotel and thought it looked nice. After reading the reviews on here I was rather dubious but thought I'd give it a go. I contacted the hotel direct and was quoted a great half board rate. In fact it was so great I double checked it with them twice - each time they confirmed it was correct. After 3 days of correspondence checking all was in order I went to book my flights and the hotel.When I came to book the hotel however they had added on an additional dhs 1080 per person per night - a large additional charge. When I queried this with them, I was informed that the half board rate they quoted did not include accomodation!! I could not believe they classed half board as meals only. They said I should have known accomodation was extra. As far as I was concerned half board is your board and your meals. Obviously not at this hotel.Needless to say if they can't even get this bit right, I am not spending my money to stay here - imagine what else would be wrong!	
Oct 31 2007 	We loved it here!	Having read some of the reviews of this resort, I was slightly apprehensive, despite the fact that my sister (who is based in Saudi) had stayed there on several occasions, and was happy to recommend it. We chose this hotel partly for its central location between the city and beach, and were perfectly happy with it as an easy point from which to explore Dubai, especially as we wanted a beach resort but didn’t fancy being so far away from the attractions of the city as some of the Jumeirah beach hotels turned out to be.While I have to agree that the rooms are a bit basic, and the décor is a bit dull and not as stylish as one might find in other 5 star hotels, they were very comfortable and clean – our balcony room (one step up from a standard room) was a good size, with all the facilities you would expect, and a lovely big comfy bed!The on-site facilities are excellent, and the food in all the restaurants we tried for evening meals was very good, although there were a couple of negative aspects regarding breakfast and lunch. 1. We stayed on a room only basis and paid for a buffet breakfast in the Taverna restaurant on our first morning, but although there was a good range of food we felt a bit aggrieved at being charged around £20 for 2 breakfasts although my husband only had 2 very disappointing cups of instant coffee. For the rest of the week I ordered room service while my husband went to Starbucks round the corner so we were happy!2. On days when we stayed at the beach we ate at the beach bar, and while the food itself was excellent and plentiful, there were only around 6 tables, which sometimes meant quite a wait to get seated, and despite the small number of tables, the food service was very slow.Those points aside, the resort itself has a lovely relaxed, informal feel, and contrary to what other reviewers have said, the staff are very friendly and helpful, and we had a thoroughly enjoyable stay here. The low rise villa accommodation set among beautiful gardens provided a lovely environment, which was very peaceful and tranquil (occasionally punctuated by the calls to prayer from the Mosque nearby, but that is part of the culture of the place).There was no evidence of building work within the hotel grounds, although I understand that the place has changed a bit over the years, so previous guests may have been a bit unlucky in this respect. Nor were we aware of any building or road works close to the hotel, although we did see quite a bit of this throughout the city – but it did not impact on our stay at all.In all, I would say to prospective travellers – think about what it is you want from a hotel. If you want somewhere posh, stylish and formal, then perhaps this is not the place for you. But if you want a relaxed holiday in lovely surroundings with an excellent range of facilities and friendly, efficient and helpful staff, then give this a go – we will certainly be back next year.	
Oct 31 2007 	By no means 5 star - be warned	I 100% agree with the previous review - how this place got a 5 star rating is beyond me. It is 3 star at best.We too were limited for a place to stay as we booked at short notice. We paid ax extremely high rate and thought, well it's 5 star so it must be worth it. WRONG. While the pool and beach areas are nice, the rooms are extremely basic. I have stayed in nicer 3 stars at a quarter of the price. Maintenence around the resort was poor, service in the breakfast room appaling and unfriendly, and food for breakfast terrible. The location is also not the best, neither in Bur Dubai/Deira or Jumeirah Beach - in between.We had booked to stay 2 nights and after 10 minutes in our room we rang around and were lucky to get a similar but lower rate in the Royal Meridien, so we stayed for 1 night and went there the next day. Now that is 5 star, from start to finish. Wonderful place.Don't waste your money here, there are far nicer hotels in the same price bracket. The only disappointing part of out wonderful trip to Dubai.	
Aug 25 2007 	Not a good choice	Really not 5 stars. 3 at best. The reception staff was unfriendly and incompetent. The rooms were small and old. The beds were uncomfortable.They have about 4 restaurants. Only the buffet type is open during the day. For a lousy buffet they charge $100.They beach could be ok if it weren't for the oil tankers and the harbor 500m down the road.There are so many nice hotels in Dubai. Don't waste your time and money in this one.	
Aug 20 2007 	Just the right place for a quiet break!!!!!!	We booked our holiday at the very last minute (booked on 8th August and flew out on 14th August). We only went out for 5 days. Due to this we didn't have much choice in hotels to stay at. My sister had been to Dubai in May this year and twice last year, she actually recommened the Habtoor Grand and the Oasis (very good by the way). These were fully booked and we were only left with Dubai Marine Resort and Spa. My husband and I thought we'd risk it for a biscuit even though the last few reviews of the hotel had been quite bad (too be honest I don't know what planet these people lived on but their reviews of this hotel were unjust!!!!)Ok from the start of the holiday we flew with Emirates (economy class). Compared to British Airways they were fantastic. We had great seats and food was fine. You have your own TV screen and hundreds of films to choose from. One more tip join Emirates Skywards loyalty scheme and make sure you opt for meet and greet service as you get through passport control with a click of a finger. We wished we had done this as we waited ages to get through, almost an hour (not something you want to do after travelling for 7hours).We arrived in Dubai in the early hours of (15th August) Wednesday morning. (The Dubai airport duty free is great). A good tip buy some alcohol at the airport as Dubai is an alcohol free country, therefore it is very expensive to buy in any hotel or bar. The heat in August is unbelieveable (44oc upwards in the day and 35oc at night), it hit us like a slap in the face as soon as we stepped off the plane. We had no problems getting to hotel as we had arranged transfers, very advisable if you don't want to go looking for a taxi in the middle of the night.The hotel is on Jumeriah road and on the city end of Jumeriah beach about 20mins taxi ride from the main hotels on Jumeriah beach. Don't let that put you off as it a goods place to be for the shopping and sand safari. On arrival at hotel, we checked in and the receptionist offered to upgrade us to one of their junior suites for about £28 extra per night. We actually said yes!! (Yes I know, we shouldn't have agreed without looking at the new room). Anyway we booked in without any problems and were driven to our room in a golf buggy. Good idea as we were shattered by then. Yes there is building works going on but only in the day when most guests are away from their rooms. In all honesty it is the same anywhere you stay in Dubai as we had made a few friends in differents hotels from the trips we had done and they thought the same.The junior suite was big, new and very clean. The free toilettries were all Molton Brown (great for me as that's what I use). We were also left with 2 bottles of mineral water a basket of fruit and some other things. The bed in the suite was queen size. The bathroom had a jacuzzi and very powerful shower. The next day we felt a bit silly upgrading as we didn't feel the suite was worth the extra money. We down graded back to a standard room (no problems with the hotel for the change) , which to be honest was just fine as we hardly spent anytime in it. The differences between the rooms are no jacuzzi in the standard bathroom but same shower, just normal toilettries, king size bed instead of queen, no dining table and chairs in standard room, no free fruit or water (but that's for the first night only), both rooms have an electronic safe. Otherwise everything else is the same including fridge and mini bar but cheaper with the standard room. You don't need to take your own beach towels as you're given a towel card each and are allowed to take upto 2 towels each at any given time.We had a good first nights rest, even though the hotel is near a mosque (which is pretty common where ever you stay in Dubai, bear in mind that you are visiting a muslim country). We missed the buffet breakfast on the first day, so had lunch instead (The breakfasts and lunches are served in the Taverna). I wasn't sure at first about the food as it look a bit yuckky, (I'm indian by the way and am very used to eating curries and odd foods.) My reservations about the food and restaurant was all wrong because of the previous bad reviews. The food was fine and caters for all. Lots of fruits and salad available as it's too hot to eat heavy meals in the day (however big meals are there if you want). Some foods are carried over to the next meal but to be honest that's expected in any hotel you stay in Dubai even the really expensive ones. Do not attempt to take any fruit or food outside the restaurant as you are not allowed. We saw some Russian bloke feel very stupid when the restaurant manager confiscated his full carrier bag, that he had been slyly filling throughout breakfast so unless you want to look an idiot in front of everyone don't do it as they class it as stealing!!!!!The beach has nearly white sand and very clear warm water, it is small, pretty and private from locals and other hotels. I thought the beach was very clean and there are more than enough beds &amp; umbrellas to go round. There is none of this business of germans and towels at dawn, whatever time of day we went onto the beach we found a good spot. There is a guy who will come round and put up an umbrella and bed where ever you want to park your butt. A bit of warning the sand gets very hot and you will need fip flops that won't melt in the sun to get from the beach to the sea (only a few steps but enough to burn your feet). There are also a couple of security guards patroling the beach, so you don't really need to worry about your valuables whilst you're in the water or away from your bed. There are 3 swimming pools and the sea, which all have fully qualified lifeguards at all times.At lunch times we either ate at the beach bar or at our sun beds. The food is fresh and plentiful. The mocktails (cocktails without alcohol are fab). We ate out in Meena Bazaar most nights as it's cheap and lots to choose from (about 20mins taxi ride). Try everything, you only live once!!! We loved the Lebanise food.Wherever you go in Dubai it's too hot to walk and you will need a car or taxi which are very cheap. For the women take a thin shawl or a cardigan as the temperature from the outside to the inside of any shop can vary up to 20oc, (it's like have hot &amp; cold flushes). There is virtually no crime in Dubai because if anyone commits a crime they are kicked out of the country instantly and will never be allowed back in. Good idea I think!!! We only had one evening meal in the hotel and that was at the Italian on our last night. To be honest we thought it was over priced, especially the wine but we didn't mind as we had saved so much money the other nights eating at local places. The food was ok considering we weren't in Italy. (For all the men make sure you take some closed toe shoes for the evenings as all hotels, clubs and restaurants will refuse entry to open toed shoes. Smart trainers are acceptable).My only gripe with the hotel was that they lost my favourite dress which I had sent to be pressed on for our last evening. I actually lost the plot with the house keeping manager as this was unacceptable to me. My husband sorted it out for me and I did get my dress back, although I found out that the same thing had happened to another guest on the same day. I know it wasn't the hotel's fault as the dry cleaning was contracted out to a local firm and it was out of their hands. The hotel couldn't apologise enough and as compensation they didn't charge us for any of the other stuff we had cleaned as well, which I though was fair enough.In whole we thought Dubai Marine Resort and Spa is a nice simple hotel and ideal for couples, friends and families to stay at. It shouldn't be classed a 5 star, more a high 3 or a low 4. The staff are very friendly and always keen to help. I have already recommened it to some friends who are going there in a couple of weeks. In your room you will find a Timeout magazine for Dubai, make sure you read it as it has good tips and recommendations on where to go for food, music and shopping and it always upto date.Make sure you put aside a day for the Wild Wadi water park as it is just amazing. We have never had so much fun, we went in at 11:30am and didn't leave until 6pm. People were still coming in as we were leaving. Do try and do the Sand Safari as it's a once in a lifetime experience. It's definately not for the faint hearted. I get car sick quite quickly and was ill right on que through the trip but it was well worth it. I would do it again in a heart beat. We booked both of these trips with a company called Amazon Travel in Meena Bazaar (speak to a guy called Kishan Pattani). They are a honest company and cheaper than most. You will be able to que jump at Wild Wadi with tickets bought from them. I hope that all that I have written will help you enjoy your trip to Dubai, whether you're just going for sun, sea and sand, shopping or adventure. We would go back in an instant.	
Jun 4 2007 	Dont Stay Here!!!!!!!!	I've stayed in many five-star hotels in Dubai and I have to say this is the worst. There is no way this hotel deserves the five star rating. For the price of a room here, you can stay in other hotels on Jumeirah beach that are much better quality. I reserved a standard room for my girlfriend and I and when I got there I was shocked to see how small the room was. It was more like a motel room. I booked a King-size bed but the bed was smaller than a queen. It would have been so uncomfortable fitting two people on that bed. I complained to the front desk and they told me that standard rooms either had a queen bed (theres no way that bed was even queen-size) or two joinable beds (?) but the suites had a King-bed. I decided to upgrade to a Junior suite which was better but still not five-star quality that one would expect for the price. The carpet in the living room was dirty and full of cigarette burns. The couches looked old and even the towels in the bathroom didnt smell fresh. Even worse, when I got into bed I felt itchy all over. I thought I was being paranoid but my girlfriend felt the same thing. I dont even wanna think about what it was. I booked for 9 nights at this hotel but after two hours, I decided I had to check out as soon as possible. Unfortunately, the front desk wouldnt let me check out without paying a penalty and they told me to contact the travel agent I booked through (even though the travel agent had informed me beforehand that all cancellations were to be made with the hotel directly). Anyway, the travel agent contacted the hotel and they finally allowed me to check-out without a penalty, but unfortunately I had to waste two nights there.The only thing good I can say about this hotel is that they have pretty good restaurants and nightclubs which are very popular. El Paso has got good food and Sho Cho and Boudoir are very happening. But you dont need to stay in the hotel to visit these establishments.To sum it up: dont stay here if you want a five-star experience. Check out Grosvenor House, Royal Meridien, Hilton Jumeirah. They are all around the same price and much better than this badly managed, sorry excuse for a five-star resort.	
May 25 2007 	Wouldn't stay here again.	Hotel chosen because of proximity to work related meetings for my partner as this was the reason for the trip. Disappointing 1st impression as arrived to a room with the wrong bed configuration and broken air conditioning. Partner had a meeting 1st thing so this was very inconvenient and wasted lots of time before we were moved to a better room which made him late for his 1st appt, we were also extremely tired after gruelling overnight cramped flights. Partner had made several phone calls and emails prior to our arrival to ensure that room was as requested so we were very angry that they still managed to get it wrong.Rooms etc are dated but spacious and comfortable with good Molton Brown toiletries. We had a suite with a bedroom, lounge area and huge bathroom. No key given for the mini bar so had to request one! TV in bedroom and lounge. All rooms/suites are set in blocks between meandering paths and lush planting. I am a very light sleeper but didn't hear the call to prayer once so must depend on where you are situated.There is a very small private beach but had huge jellyfish in sea so we didn't use it. Pools are lovely, one seemed to be shallower and perfect for kids with a shaded play area with play equipment for them. One was as warm as a bath and another with a waterfall was more shaded so good to cool down in. Life guards are on duty at all pools. There were plenty of sunbeds and parasols which, once you had found / got the attention of one of the staff, were moved and set up for your convenience. The food at the beach bar was very hit or miss and it took forever to get any of the staff to understand you, not many had a good grasp of English. Also they were very slow at everything but I guess that was because of the heat!Ate at two of the restaurants on site which were good and frequented by non residents mainly, in fact whole hotel becomes a hot spot for non residents at night. We passed Chris Eubank just entering 'Restaurant Boudoir' as we left!On the whole we found the staff to be difficult to communicate with and not very forthcoming. Hotel is quite a drive from the main 'Jumeirah strip' hotels and attractions, with the usual crazy traffic. Hotel wanted a whole nights rate to keep the room until our late departure which seemed very unreasonable especially with the cock-up they made on our arrival.If going on holiday to Dubai we would not choose this hotel.	
May 5 2007 	Not a 5 Star Resort Very uncomforable Beds but nice Gardens and Restaurants	My husband is in the Navy and we hadn't seen each other in months. I met him in Dubai for a reunion and we stayed at the Dubai Marine Beach Resort. The gardens were beautiful and the restaurants were good. However, the beds were extremely uncomfortable and the room smelled awful. The first night they gave us a double bed and the next day we requested a King bed. They switched us to a room with a King bed which was comprised of two twin beds pushed together. The rooms, mattresses and lobby were outdated. Also, both rooms had a chemical smell that made us sneeze which made the room a very uncomfortable place to be. The service was good except for one of the girls at the front desk. She was extremely rude, aloof and had a major attitude problem. I think this would be a good hotel to stay at if you want close proximity to the beach and restaurants and don't want to spend a lot of time in the room. Good place for singles or families. However, if you want a honeymoon experience stay somewhere else!!!! Also, my husband and I hugged briefly in the pool and were promptly scolded by a hotel staff member that there is no hugging or kissing in the pool. In addition, the hotel is very close to a mosque and the call to prayer is rather loud very early in the morning. If you are a light sleeper you should take that into consideration prior to booking.	
Mar 21 2007 	Great Place to Stay	We stayed at this hotel for a week in June/July 05 &amp; it was amazing!! The weather was great, which is always a great start to any holiday! On Arrival check in couldn't have been more helpful &amp; we were quickly taken off to our room in a &quot;Golf Cart&quot;The rooms were spacious clean and tidy &amp; the Air Con was a must with the heat. The beach was amazing, I am usually not a beach person, but I think I went into the pool once! I will warn you though, as my partner found out probably not best to sun bath for 6 hours straight in this heat, she actually passed out one day, but the staff were again amazing &amp; helped me get her back to the well air conditioned room. Unfortunately for her the staff remembered her for the rest of our stay. There are a number of lovely restaurants on site, we tried the Italian &amp; Thai, which were great, but there were so many more to choose from. We were able to book day trips out from our hotel, which was handy &amp; also at reasonable prices. The Desert Trip is a must!! All in all we loved Dubai and this hotel and would definitely stay at this resort again.	
Feb 20 2007	Superb villa style hotel	5 Star luxury. Villa style hotel. One bedroomed villa has huge luxury bathroom with jet spa bath, large lounge with sofas and dining table. TV in lounge and bedroom. King size bed. 3 swimming pools and 5 restaurants.	
Nov 18 2006 	Not bad but def not 5 star	We moved from the Hilton Creek to be on the beach and whilst the facility is not bad, I found the hotel dated and not in the usual upmarket spirit of Dubai. The rooms were clean and comfortable and most of the staff were friendly and helpful. The breakfast was terrible. It felt like a Russian Republic sitting on the Beach, I never heard anyone speaking English. The one good thing is that if you are up for a party, attached to the hotel are very popular bars where all the hitters go to unwind late in the evening. It doesnt affect the hotel or guests and there is no noise. Its worthwhile just standing outside watching the Ferrari's and Lambo's pulling in.	
Nov 3 2006 	tranquil oasis	We dreaded the thought of staying in a large hotel in the mass of developments going on in Jumeriah Beach. So we chose a location closer to the city and were exceedingly pleased with the hotel we chose. The suites were very spacious, though one had a superior layout and much more natural light. The beach was perfect and ther ewas a wonderful selection of restaurants within the hotel. The location is fantastic, Spinneys is 2 mins walk away to get supplies of water and nibbles. There is plenty space in the room mini bar for bottles of wine etc. We would definitely go back to this hotel as it has a lovely atmosphere and beautiful landscaped gardens and streams with low rise buildings, quite are rarity in Dubai!	
Oct 26 2006 	Brilliant holiday!	My boyfriend and I have just this week returned from Dubai after a 5 night stay. I was a little worried at first as I had read other reviews of this hotel. We arrived at the hotel about 8.00am and were given our keys immediately, the receptionist was very polite and helpful. The sun was shining and the resort was lovely. Not too big but big enough to be just right. We found the staff to be very helpful and polite at all times. The beach was small but never overcrowded and plenty of sunbeds. The restaurants were great with a wide choice. We had a standard room which was decorated to a high standard. Our holiday was lovely from start to finish and I would recommend this hotel any time... I shall go back.	
Oct 22 2006 	What a fantastic place!	I have just returned from this hotel with my girlfriend. We both found it to be absoloutley fantastic!After reading some of the reviews listed below i did start to have second thoughts, but after great flights with Virgin Atlantic we both arrived at the hotel fresh as can be at 7.30am. We went straight to reception where we checked in and were told that the room would be ready by 9.00am, and sure enough at 8.45am we were given the keys.WOW! thats all we could say as we walked to our villa, the grounds are just superb, with little streams running through to split up the properties.The room was quite large and had been prepared to a high standard, with fruit and chocolates on the table which were replenished everyday.We both found all the facilities at the hotel top class, and the private beach is just fantastic.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai as there is no building work nearby and the location makes it easy to visit the city centre or venture down jumeriah beach road.If your looking for a place to stay look no more and just book!!!	
Sep 27 2006 	Great for Nightlife	We stayed in the Dubai Marine in September 2006 as part of a holiday package 2 stop deal so we found it to be excellent value. The rooms were very good, clean, modern and located in fantastic gardens with waterfalls and streams. The restaurants and bars in the hotel are excellent.Similar to a previous reviewer, the staff at reception let the hotel down badly! We arrived very early about 7am after a 9 hour trip from Mauritius. We expected an early check as we were told this was the norm in Dubai. However, the girl at reception, Alex, was incredibly unfriendly and unhelpful. We were told there were no rooms available before 10.30. This was despite the fact that we saw people checking out. Also, the restaurant for breakfast was effectively empty as we spent an hour in there. Her attitude and demenour really let the hotel down. Other than this, I have only positive things to say about the hotel. It is quite a distance from the Burj, water parks, about 20minutes in a taxi.	
Sep 20 2006 	Not 5 star treatment	We stayed here between 7th Sept to 13th Sept 2006. We had problems the moment we arrived. Since our flight landed at 7am we arrived at the hotel by 8am. This being our 5th visit to Dubai never had any problems with early checkins at any other hotel. However, upon trying to checkin we were told we would have to wait until around 2pm-3pm before a room was available. Reason being was that the hotel was full. When I offered to pay &quot;half day rate&quot; the lady at the counter (who was very rude) told me she would have a room available with in 1 hour. So obviously they did have rooms available but were not prepared to let us checkin early for free. By time they had a room ready it was 11am, and i was not prepared to pay £70 for a 3 hour early checkin! At this point i spoke to a manager (who only became available at 11am) who apologised and let my wife and I check in. Having thought this was the only problem we would have, when we saw our &quot;junior suite&quot; I was not happy, it was on the ground floor, very dark because no light was allowed in through the hedge as our view. At this point we headed to the pool area, the pool itself and the area around it was nice, but again the service let the hotel down. It took 35mins for me to get a coke that I ordered, not dubai standards. I could go on and let you know about further lack of service at this hotel but it would take me too long to write it down.To sum up, pay the extra and stay somewhere else. PS. The beach was very small and not to the standards of other hotels in the area.	
Aug 29 2006 	Not worth the money	Hotel staff in the morning are curtious. However, the hotel staff in the evening is completely the opposite. It's like a curse comes on this hotel at the evening time. It's actually a nightmare to try getting into the hotel every night. Reason being is that there is only one access to the hotel without an exit. You might be surprised but YES this is the fact. The only exit out of this *what they call 5 stars* hotel is only through Jumaira beach stree. There are 6 restaurants and 2 different clubs on the hotel premises which makes accessibility to the hotel everynight like hell. If you go to the hotel to visit any of the restaurants or clubs you might enjoy it, but if you choose to live there, I believe it might be a big mistake. The second evening of my arrival, I went out and then got back to pick up something from the hotel and then come back to catch a movie. Guess what, it took us more than an hour to drive in and out of the hotel that night (which was a regular week-night!!!!). Two movies have passed by the time I got out of the beach strip (which was the only way out).One other major problem in this hotel is if you would want to use the internet, they charge 1 derham per minute for the DSL connection which is really crazy compared to other 5 stars hotels in Dubai that offer it sometimes for free! The other major problem about the hotel is its rooms which they call villas. They are actually very small in size compared to other suites in other 5 stars hotels. The main room in each villa is relatively small compared to other 5 stars hotels that we stayed in previously. In addition, the rooms seem to be a little old and humid inside, TV remote didn't work!One good thing about the bathrooms that there is a built-in engine for making bubbles in the bath but who needs that when there are many other problems the hotel is facing.I met two managers at the hotel and provided some feedback, both seemed to be very calm and negative at the same time. All management staff in this hotel seem to be clearly a cheap labor and not a 5-stars professional management staff.To sum up, this hotel is not worth the money. You would be way better off investing your money in any of the other major 5 stars hotels in Dubai area so you can enjoy your stay.	
Aug 28 2006 	Good but not top notch luxury!	I have just returned from this hotel after a very nice week with my husband. On arrival we found that our room was not ready, check in is not until 3pm although our flight got in at 8am. The staff did get our room ready for around 11am but we since saw lots of people snoozing in the longe bar awaiting their room. I guess it is something to check before you book up as it is miserable to wait for your room for hours after a long flight.We booked an executive suite having paid an extra £800 to upgrade from the standard room for 8 nights. The suite had a lounge area with stairs leading up to the bedroom and bathroom. Some nights we had chocolates on our pillows, curtains drawn etc and some nights not. Executive is not the word that springs to mind. Although spacious and extremely clean it is very basic. If you are looking for luxury then I suggest you stay some where else.The hotel grounds are very smart with waterfalls and wonderfull plants. The pools are very clean and chilled which was perfect in the 45 degree heat. The beach is small but perfecty formed. The one thing that really makes this hotel worth a visit is the vast array of restaurants. I have family living in Dubai and they use the restaurants at the hotel. We tried the Cuban, Thai, Tex Mex and Boudoir which is very romantic and serves free champagne to ladies all evening on Tuesday nights. We did have a 24 hour period during a religious festival where no alcohol could be sold anywhere and the hotel is opposite a mosque and the calling to prayer tunes can be heard starting at around 4-30 am.We wouldn't stay at this hotel again as the price does not reflect the the standard of accomodation given but when we return to Dubai next we will visit some of the restaurants.	
Aug 28 2006 	great great great service and facilities	We had a 3 day stopover on the way home to Europe and stayed here. This hotel is great. The rooms are nice - we had a junior suite and had the kids on the pullout sofa, although we could have done with an extra toilet! The service was fantastic. There are 3 pools and lots of pool recliner thingos and staff on hand. Can I suggest that the hotel put a cover over the kids pool. The restaurants were good except for the arabian one that tried to give us meze at enormous cost and then started bargaining with us when we left - it was a set meal which they didn't tell us about! It has the best nightclub in dubai too!A final word of praise for the spa - I highly recommend Vicky for nails and toes and the lovely Indian lady from Bangalore for the best eyebrows I have ever had;	
Aug 12 2006 	Great Resort	My Husband &amp; I stay stayed at the Dubai Marine Resort &amp; Spa from 5th Aug-9th Aug 06. We had a FANTASTIC time &amp; will certainly be going back. I managed to booked a Junior suite on a ukhoteldiscount website for &quot;corporate rates&quot;, &amp; it worked out very reasonable (approx £50pp pn inc full buffet breakfast)The suite was HUGE, with a separate living [large TV with good variety of satellite channels], dinning area, massive King size bed in the bedroom [+another large TV] , walk in wardrobe &amp; marble bathroom with 2 sinks, big wall-wall mirror &amp; a great power shower above the jaccuzi bath. Our room was cleaned twice a day.The resort itself is large &amp; a complimentary buggy service operates to for those who do not wish to walk the short distance to their rooms. With 9 top quality restaurants &amp; 3 or 4 bars, there is something to suit everyone's tastes. We sampled the Thai, Lebanese, Mexican &amp; Japanese- all serving very generous portion sizes of YUMMY food. Liver entertainment was also provided most nights (I believe my husband's favourite was the tall, blonde Belly Dancer!)The location on Jumeria beach but on the outskirts of Deira city is also ideal. Local taxi's are cheap, air-conditioned &amp; in frequent supply ( cost us approx £4 to the go to the Mall of the Emirates). However the taxi's which the porter hailed which are always waiting outside the hotel, offers a nice luxurious alternative for around 15-20% more, you can be driven in a leather interior white Lexis!If I had to fault the resort, it would be that we were not made aware on their website that there would be building works carried out on either side of the small private beach. However, work usually stopped by 10/11am, so noise pollution did not spoil our enjoyment of the crystal clear warm water of the Arabian Sea.Also, the resort forgot to provide complimentary anniversary gift on the correct date ( but more than made up for it with a delightful home made strawberry sponge cream cake &amp; a bottle of wine 2 days later!! :-)All in all, a VERY enjoyable experience. 10/10	
Jul 15 2006	fanf**-in tastic	I have only just realised that you can leave reviews hence the late entry on this hotel.We travelled to the UAE like planes trains and automobiles as missed first flight....however on getting to Dubai we first booked to stay at the Radison in Sharjah as the travel agent assured me (via phone) that it was excellent (wrong) as there is no alcohol at this hotel anywhere in Sharjah...the hotel was good in letting us pay for one night saying we would prefer Dubai beach resorts for more lively things to do..We booked into the Dubai Marine Resort and found the standard and service to be absolutly fantastic. The staff and all the people of Dubai were very very nice. We had rented a car so were able to visit the surroundings but as I enjoyed the hotel so much I left most of this for my husband... the beach is great as it is clear and not crammed out and I found that the fact that it is small was fantastic as I could see my partner if he was in the sea and it just seemed so much more private than anything I have ever experienced ( would def. take kids as you can see all over beach) There are more than enough restaurants and bars just on this complex that you dont need to venture out for this... we tried most of the restaurant and the bars which we on till early hours in the morning with big cues but as you stay at this hotel you are allowed in first. Also please try the Gold Souk I go a PLATINUM DIAMOND RING WHICH THEY SAID WAS 2 CARROTS AND WHEN GOT VALUED HERE IT WAS 4AND A HALF CARROTS.FANTASTIC ALL THE WAY AND WILL BE BACK VERY SOON	
Jun 19 2006	Just book it!!	stayed in dubai marine in july 05 when the weather was approx 40degrees, i found the hotel very comfortable and spacious with plenty of facilities. the staff were brilliant very helpful from reception right down to car park attendants. i had no problems at all everything was easily accessible and they even surprised me with a complimentary bday cake which tasted great. the food from the restaurants are very tasty but my favourite was the breakfast buffet so many varieties all freshly prepared fruits, juices, bakery, full english, continental every breakfast item you could ever think of and if you cant decide just ask the chef to prepare you something. smashing! ...the hotel is practically equedistant from most tours or shoping centres. enjoyable and relaxing with great views definately recommended!	
May 12 2006	Loved Dubai 	I stayed at the Dubai Marine in August 2005 and had a fantastic time. The hotel is lovely, dont get me wrong it is not the burj but it is fantastic. The restaurants and bars are excellent. On a Tuesday night in the French Boudoir it is free champagne all night for the ladies. This gets really busy with people from all over the world who are living in Dubai. The Sho-Cho japanese is the same on a Friday night. I was shocked to read how people can moan &amp; complain about this hotel, noise of building work &amp; traffic....To be honest I dont want to sound snotty but I think people who have a bad word to say about this hotel or Dubai, instead of paying to go and see beautiful countries you need to buy a new personality ha .............. Honestly, go you will love it	
Mar 4 2006	Goodbye Dubai !	Dubai Marine Beach Resort and Spa. This hotel is situated at the very end of the Jumeriah Beach, sandwiched between the Dry Docks with its towering cranes and building works on the beach. The entire length of the Jumeriah Road has been taken up and is being relaid, widened I guess, although its hard to tell with all the jumble of things happening there. The consequence is that you do have noise on a 24/7 basis, although you cannot hear it in the grounds of the hotel, mainly because of its own construction noises either side. The Dubai Marine Resort and Beach is a little dated in the outer buildings, but nicely laid out grounds surrounding the apartments, which they refer to as villas. The Jumeriah Beach Hotel, some 6 miles along the beach is the ultimate in modern hotels, and worth a visit to the outside lift there as you get wonderful views for miles and miles. Dubai is a nightmare for traffic and jams, forget anything you get into back home, its 24/7 hell on earth if you hire a car. Avoid Avis in the hotel, seek out a much cheaper one in the yellow pages, or so we were told by the Avis rep, too honest for his own good. The shopping is not as good as we are led to believe. The shops around the hotel are some of the best quality, with the rest of the clothes not being to the taste of the english. Restaurants in Dubai offer excellent value food, often bringing two and three extra courses at no cost. If you go to the Oman, dont forget your visa and be patient, getting into the Oman is reasonably easy, getting out is harder, and takes a lot of time so you need patience and a high respect for the border controllers. Muscat is great, especially the Crowne Plaza, and that side of the land mass is warmer, the sea definitely warmer and very much cheaper. If you are going for three days to Dubai thats fine, but any longer you will be bored, after the gold souk and the dwindling spice souk, and trip up the Creek has lost its lustre. The jabal mountains are spectaculuar and dont miss Nizwar betwixt Muscat and Dubai, the delightful hill top village, with very cheap accommodation, on the way into town on the left, at £28 a night for the two of you. A tank of petrol £6. cant be bad can it.	
Sep 19 2005 	Very Good	Very good hotel to stay if you are on vacation, it has very nice rooms in seprate buildings and very good restaurantsThe only problem is that the service tends to be slow and at 50 degrees it is a little bad unconvenient to move between the rooms and the reception area knowing that you will have to pass by a graden to get between them	
Sep 6 2005	very nice pleasent staff	i think this is a great hotel for me perfect anybody who rated it 3 or less was obviously to tight to book the burj al arub,stop moaning this hotels greeeeeaaaat!	
Aug 24 2005	good value for money	we stayed at this hotel for 1 week and thought it was fab! its surrounded by tropical gardens and looks like paradise. we were right on the beach, and had no problem checking in as the staff were very helpful, we also got offered a nice cold juice when we first arrived at the hotel along with some cold flannels. The staff were excellent and friendly as i travelled with my partner and two children. i had no problem letting my kids wander around the resort as the resort was safe. we were approx 15 min from the town centre. but as taxi rides are soo cheap you can go anywhere. But dont take the silver colour taxis as they rip you off. always take beige/brown taxis. all in all the trip was good would definately stay there again.	
Aug 22 2005	A nice hotel close to the action good value for money	I was hesitant, having seen some of the reviews for this place to book here but my partner insisted it would be ok. It was- nice, comfortable, clean rooms, lots of great restaurants, 2 pools, clean beach, not massive but enclosed so children can't run off, friendly staff.... and close to everywhere you want to be. The traffic in Dubai is horrendous fortunately taxis are very cheap but we liked the fact that although we could easily get to places on Jumeirah Beach we were not stuck that far away from the Creek which is really cool and all the shopping and things of interest in the center. In some minor areas you could say its a little worn down but nothing too serious and its very clean. Plenty of sun loungers and space on the beach. The restaurants are great, especially the trendy sushi place. It gets very busy with people from outside on their weekend (thursday and friday I think if I remember right) and there is a great atmosphere. The rooms are away from this part though so don't worry about noise. The gardens are also beautifully kept, with water features and tropical flowers. Its not as glitzy or perfect or luxury as some of the other five star hotels, you do as always get what you pay for. We saved money here and so had enough to treat ourselves in some of the really luxury hotels restaurants etc! Its really good value for money and in terms of the price differential with these other 5 stars I don't think you loose out that much. Its very relaxed and made for a great stay. I will book here again when I return to Dubai.	
Jul 2 2005	Highly Recommend Dubai Marine Beach 	My mum and I stayed at this friendly, clean, delightful hotel at the end of May for 7 nights. The accommodation was spacious and clean and the staff were exceptionally helpful - nothing was too much trouble if you needed anything. The hotel boasts it's own private beach and we never struggled to find a suitable sunbathing spot or sunbed, in fact as soon as we started to put down our towel on the sunbed, a member of the beach club staff insisted on doing it for us - a total relaxation holiday. The restaurants on the complex were of a very high standard and there was plenty of variety. I would in particular recommend the Lebanese restaurant, something I was dubious of trying at first I admit, but what beautiful, tasty food, and again, the service was outstanding.There are lots of lovely hotels in Dubai, but my mum and I would certainly book this hotel again with no hesitation, in fact I already have the brochure for next year!	
Jun 12 2005	mixed feelings hotel great facilities not	i stayed in this hotel for 2 weeks but shortend it to 10 days due to my wife becoming very ill, she is fine now and lukily it has nothing to do with the hotel!the rooms are lovely, well air conditioned and the floors are made out of a marble-like material so they are freezing, my wife and i shared one room, and my 2 children 15 and 17 shared another room, big mistake we made is let them pick the key! there room was about twice the size of ours!! make sure you all tell your children not to leave the doors open to try and 'cool' down the room, because it become extremely humid in the room and wuite simply unberable due to the extreme heat of dubai.the weather in dubai is VERY hot, but everywhere is well air conditioned. my kids could not stay out in the heat for too long before they needed a dip in the pool, which were very dissapointed, the pools were BOILING! well one was the other one was warm and still not refreshing, the beach is very small, and we were all led to believe there was watersports availible, this excited my kids! but all there was were boogie boards, and the sea is generally quite calm but sometimes it is extremely choppy, so keep an eye on your kids!we have stayed in this hotel twice now, the first time better than the second but with so much for the second stay to match up to it could not possibly compete, the resort would become very boring if you stayed longer that 2 weeks, but your gauranteed a tan! most of the people i have seen think i have been in dubai for a year due to the colour of my skin!a lot of people have had this issue with the hotel, the reservation policy, they never seem to have anyone on file! could be very frutrating afta an 8 hour flight! if your staying at this hotel, i wont lie you are in for a treat, its lovely, but make sure you venture out, the main beach is much better that the private one, the waterpark is not fantastic compared to those in europe, shopping is expensive, food likewise, we are going back to dubai, well a tour of the U.A.E and when staying at dubai we are staying at the oasid hotel, some friends of ours have styed there and said it was fantastic, but in the middle of the building site, which the dubai marine beach resort does not have it is very secluded, which if you have a small budget your kids will not be happy, you will have to get a taxi everywhere, it is far to hot to walk!enjoy your stay in dubai it truly is a beautiful place!	
Jun 2 2005	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Dubai Marine Beach Resort for one week and I have to say that this hotel was excellent, the rooms were good size, clean and spacious, the impressive villas are surrounded by waterfalls, landscaped gardens, petit avenues with flowers and streams, the pools are great, the private beach is somewhat small in width but still very nice, there are some excellent resturants around the complex, which come alive in the evening and look great at night, Boudoir club is nice but was busy around the bar due to the free champagne on tuesdays, the hotel bar has piano player and a nice relaxed feel to it, the hotel seems to be very popular with non guests in the evening as they appear to flock to some of the nice resturants and club bars, it's a cool place to be in the evening with the young and trendy.The service within the hotel was top notch, we found them very polite and will do anything to help.This hotel is in great location because you are not far from all the shops and across the road is the beautiful jumeriah mosque which looks fantastic when illuminated in the evening.The hotel is 5 star and obviously it's not like the burj al arab or jumeriah beach hotel but this hotel has a lot more of a personal feel to it than the bigger hotels.I would recommend this hotel to anyone, don't be put off.Would definately go again.	
Apr 25 2005 	Steer clear of room 3205!	Having lived in Dubai for three years and knowing this hotel only by eating at their Thai Bistro and the Alamo Mexican restaurant (hotel bit opened just before we left for UK) we wanted a place to stay which was close to the city but had a beach, also a hotel that wasn't involved in the huge amount of building work going on in Dubai at the moment at the other end of Jumeira Beach Road, and this hotel seemed an ideal 5 star choice. However, on check in we were given the most awful room, number 3205, (broken curtain rail, wall safe broken, aircon not functioning properly, twin room but we ordered double) and it seemed to us that they were trying to fob us off with their only room available. Unfortunately we were checking in at 2330! We complained that night but decided to sleep in 3205 and complain again in the morning. The front desk manager didn't want to know and said we could upgrade to a junior suite at a cost of £50 per night, having booked for a 10 night stay we were not prepared to pay this extortionate rate and said so. We threatened to leave and asked them to prepare our refund in cash. Half and hour later they upgraded us to a better room without cost. After this debacle we spent a lovely peaceful holiday on the beach, the area this hotel is in is great as you can cross the road to visit some local restaurants which are very good value especially the Automatic Lebanese restaurant in the Beach Centre, that's not to say the food outlets in this hotel are bad, far from it! The open-air Italian is wonderful dining overlooking the sea and the Japanese lounge/restaurant is excellent albeit the service is a bit slow! But all in all we had a great time and would return for a second stay.	
Apr 2 2005	Good Allrounder	I feel I have to say something about my stay here because I cannot believe the nit picking form of other reviews!We had a 7 night stay at the Dubai Marine Beach the first week in March and I was terrified after reading all the reviews on this site! However, I had nothing to worry about as we had a fab time, the people are great, the food nice (especially the Boudoir) and I can't fault it as a whole really. The only thing that let it down was the reception staff, who were friendly enough but there was something odd about them, like they didn't understand a word you said! Although I do think there was some new people being trained up so maybe that was it.All I can say is, don't expect the exclusiveness of the Burj al Arab when you haven't paid for it! You get what you pay for in this hotel.	
Mar 8 2005	Feb break in the sun	Date. Feb 26th 2005. Just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel. We had a great time. We stayed in a junior suite which we found to be clean,spacious and comfortable. The grounds of the hotel were beautiful,full of greenery and water features. The beach was large enough for us and we had no problem getting a sun bed.We ate in the hotel most days and did not have a bad meal.We particularly enjoyed our meal in the Cuban restaurant where we were able to dance after dinner till the small hours. Lunch around the pool was excellent. The portions were huge!!We found the staff to be helpful at all times.The position of the hotel is great.Near the city and away from all the building. It is an older hotel and maybe could do with a face lift, but we had a great time and would go again.	
Feb 2 2005	Maybe 4 stars...	After reading the contradicting reviews about this hotel, I was somewhat prepared to find an average hotel. When making the reservation, I specifically asked for a non-smoking room with a king-sized bed. We got there close to midnight after a long flight and found ourselves in a twin room that was reeking of smoke. We were too tired to make a fuss, so we decided to spend our first night there. The pillows and blankets hadn´t been washed for a long time, because they also were reeking of cigarette smell. UUUggghhhh! After complaining to the front office, we got upgraded to a non-smoking balcony room. The FO staff was friendly and helpful. Obviously, only one of the villas is non-smoking. But beware, the cleaning staff smokes while they clean the rooms!!! So for you allergics, I recommend staying somewhere else. The balcony rooms are much nicer than the standard rooms, not so boxy and newer furniture. They are also more expensive, so I recommend you spend that money in one of the other chain 5 star properties instead. While the Ritz might be much more expensive, the Hilton Jumeirah is in the same price category as the Dubai Marine. The hotel has 2 small swimming pools and a tiny private beach. Breakfast was poor, room service extremely slow and the service at the pool was not very attentive. Definitively not a five star property!!! On a positive note, the location is very good. You have both the beach and closeness to the city. Then again, if you stay at e.g. Hilton Jumeirah, it will take you about 15 mins or so to get to the city at virtually no cost (taxi fares are ridiculously inexpensive). If you must stay at the Dubai Marine, try going to the (public)Jumeirah Beach Park, which is close by and much nicer than the tiny beach at the hotel. There are many restaurants within walking distance. The Mercado Mall is excellent and only 5 mins away by taxi.	
Jan 13 2005	not even close to a 5 star hotel	I Went to stay at this hotel in june 2004 with my husband and 2 other friends all of us had been to dubai before and all of us agreed that this hotel is not worthy of its 5 star rating,The main pool was closed, the food at the pool bar was shocking, no fresh bread at breakfast and the rooms had a horrible smell of mould in them, we phoned our travel agent and asked to be moved to another hotel, we spent 3 nights in the dubai beach marine and spa and it was 2 long, we were moved to The meridien minah sayhahi (not sure if i spelt that correctly) It was brill i recommend it.The dubai beach and marine hotel is good if you want to go to a club the boudoir has good music and the waitress was giving out free champagne it tasted like crap and it was a nice touch.If you are going to dubai i highly recommend the ritz carlton to stay at you are treated like rotyalty.	
Nov 17 2004	Excellent excellent excellent!!		
Oct 9 2004	lovely place to stay fantastic atmosphere		
Oct 7 2004	Disappointing rooms		
Sep 24 2004	what a great place!!		
Sep 14 2004	Excellent Hotel- BETTER for the YOUNG!		
Aug 29 2004	dissapointing not what we expected		
Aug 28 2004	Best choosing another hotel...		
Aug 27 2004	Not the 5 Star Delux it claims to be.		
Jun 23 2004	Lovely view of oil refinery from beach.. !		
Jun 6 2004	Fantastic!		
Nov 10 2009 	Bellissimo		
Sep 12 2009 	magnifique hotel		
Jun 30 2009 	Mejor no volver		
Apr 15 2009 	Ottimo per relax		
Dec 2 2008 	scadente!!!!		
Jan 23 2007 	Traumurlaub		
