Nov 20 2009 	5 Star hotel 6 Star service 7 Star staff	Excellent hotel, great service, and outstanding staff. I enjoyed each minute of my stay in the hotel. As mentioned by others, the standard rooms are not big, however very comfortable, the bathrooms are equipped with everything you would need, from toothbrush, hair conditioner, even with shoe polisher. The beds are very comfortable, the rooms are cleaned daily, or as you request.The only concern is the WIFI, which is free in the lobby, but quite expensive in the room. It's my firm believe that since Deira is the business part of Dubai, the Chamber of Commerce is just meters away, the could make even better business with a free WiFi offer for everyone.I ate in both restaurants, great breakfast, mixed arabian and continental food, excellent , lunch buffet and the Iranian restaurant in the evening puts the crone onto the culinary experience. The hotel personal is just 7 star, you can really not beat the service they offered, you are always asked if everything was ok, if they could help in anything, in the restaurants they are more than friendly, they are professionals, led by Raj Kiron, a very professional gentleman. I reccomend to try in the Iranian restaurant they special Iranian ice cream and the Iranian herb tea. They were something very special.My rating is that the hotel services are wrth of each penny you pay, except the Internet service. If I were them I would offer it for free. In this case this hotel would be 100% spotless.	
Nov 15 2009 	Good Hotel	New, spotless, clean. Had free wifi in room - apparently supposed to be $$$ and only free in lobby (can't understand, being from N. America how the rest of the world views wifi as some sort of luxury? Its free in motels here!), excellent buffet breakfast, tons to chose from, in fact, you could skip lunch if you select the right foods and just have a nice fresh juice blend famous in the middle east for lunch. Rooms are not very big but have all you need (all new hotels seem to have smaller rooms), comfortable bed, staff no complaints. Good hotel if you need to be in Deira (shopping for Arabic items/gold/oils). I'm basing all this on the fact that I got a special discount (via friend -company rate). I enquired later and the rates trippled so I wouldn't go for it with no free wifi (biz need) and $200 a night!	
Oct 20 2009 	Very good place to stay	I have been to this hotel 4 times now - first time when it was only 2 days old.Very clean and new.great bed, good service - polite people - large and clean bathroom - Iron and ironing boards in room - complimentary coffee and tea in room and quite location.Would not stay anywhere else.Free high speed wireless internet in the lobby.Internet available in room for $$$.Great breakfast buffet spread.	
Sep 26 2009 	very good one	The hotel is very nice , its very new , with a good staff and service. Just make sure you need to stay in Deira... Its very beautiful receptin , and cozy cofes, the room is big and very good , clean , and nice decorated. big bathroom and has everything you need inside.I like it so much .I did not find any mistakes there... it was really great.	
May 17 2009 	Beautiful hotel...friendly staff...unforgetable stay	we just come back from a lovely 4 day holidays we spent at Samaya. The concierge taking our car to private parking with a welcoming smile was the first thing we experienced. The room was facinating with modern furniture, top notch LCD screen, cable TV, bed is very comfortable, view on dubai creek, the open buffet breakfast has a large variety of high qualit yfood changing each day. complimentary water, tea, coffee, and newspaper are daily provided. The gym is nice, jackozy is wonderful, roof top swimming pool is small but nice especialy for kids.	
Apr 29 2009 	This is the place to stay	Hello everyone, I was in Dubai in April for 5 nights and searched and searched for the best value and hotel in Dubai. I was completely happy with my selection. Let me tell you everything there is to know about why i chose this hotel. The hotel is only 10 minutes from Dubai International Airport and it cost about $7 US dollars to get to the hotel. The entranceo fo the hotel is very open, clean and extremely modern.. The front desk attendants were helpful and were able to check me in at 9am. I was very pleased after an 18 hour flight from San Francisco. The room I had was on the 7th floor and it was very nice and i will post pictures. The bathroom was big and the room had amazing clloset space. I had breakfast included and it was very good. It starts at 6 am and goes to 10am, Ih had all the items you could possibly need. I loved the way you get free bottled water in the room twice a day. You must go to the rooftop pool and it was really cool to see the city. I do have to say it was windy but on those hot days it felt great. I went to the gym and it had all the latest equipment. I would recommend taking the free shuttle to the Deira Beach. Its a very nice and safe beach with lots of things to do. The shuttle also goes to the city center which is this huge shopping area. I was not bored at all and felt very safe being alone. The hotel has three Lexus cars available for private tours and they charge by the hour and I did a tour that was prices at 550 dirham for 5 hours and I gave a 50 dirham tip. this is the best way to see the entire city in a day with a driver that will stop anywhere you want.	
Jun 18 2008 	Loved it	My husband and I stayed in Samaya hotel for 3 nights. The hotel is new, very clean and well located. Rooms are not so big but are very clean. Tea and coffee was provided in the room. The staff are kind, polite, friendly and extremely helpful, with very good attitute. Quality of the toiletry in the bathroom was very good. There are free shuttles to the city centre and the beach twice daily (we did not uese them). They did not offer free airport transfer (can be arranged upon request ) and since it is new, not many taxi's knew it yet . Although it costs less than 20 Dirhams from airport by taxi. The swimming pool is VERY small but clean. Gym area is well equipped. Our room had a spectacular side view of the creek. Beware: this is a dry hotel! But there are so mny other hotels around that you can use thier pubs for a drink. Hilton is right in front and Sheraton is one block away.In general we had a lovely stay.	
