	Truly superb…location...service…comfort	This was not our first visit to Dubai and we have stayed in several hotels including the sister Jumeirah Beach hotel which we loved. However the Al Qasr at Madinat Jumeirah has a more traditional Arabic décor and ambience. From the minute we arrived the staff could not do enough for us and considering the hotel was full because of the half term school holidays we still had prompt attentive service. A welcome drink and face towels were supplied with a smile as we sat on a couch to check in. We arrived early morning after an overnight flight and as our bedroom would not be ready until the afternoon we were shown to a comfy lounge with shower facilities and changing rooms. Once changed we went down to breakfast with an amazing choice of good high quality food on offer. The waitress service was prompt in offering you tea or coffee then you could help yourself to the endless array of fresh fruit, yoghurts, breads, porridge, or any variation of cooked breakfast with the eggs cooked freshly to your choice. By 11.00 I had a message on my mobile phone to say the room was now in fact ready and our luggage would be taken up for us. The bedroom was spacious very comfortable well decorated and spotlessly clean. The bath room was large with separate shower and bath and “His and Hers” toiletries. A veranda with chairs had a view over the front entrance were all the Rolls Royce, Ferrari’s, Bentleys and other expensive cars were parked. The hotel has numerous restaurants too many to mention but I would recommend you book a table early in your stay to avoid disappointment as many were full during our stay. There is a nice safe beach adjoining the hotel and the Wild Wadi Water Adventure Park (where hotels guest get free admission) is minuets away by the courtesy golf cart.A great way to see the hotel grounds and to get to some of the restaurants is to use the Abra’s the small “taxi” boats that sail around the hotels waterways.All in all this is a fabulous hotel with charming friendly staff and great facilities we cant wait to return on our next visit to Dubai	
	Nice hotel minor points to get it to true 5*	My husband and I stayed at the Al Qasr during the second leg of our honeymoon (first being in the Maldives - true luxury!) Overall, we had a lovely stay in this hotel however in our opinion, it did not quite live up to the expectation of luxury that it sells itself on. I did a lot of research prior to booking this hotel and do not regret it, perhaps i would have stayed at the Mina instead as the Al Qasr was full of Russian families as it must have accepted a number of package holiday bookings. On the plus side, it is huge, part of the Madinat resort which is great in terms of location and things to do. It has plenty of restaurant choices, souks for shopping, a great bar (try to get the table on the balcony which looks on to the Burj) and a great afternoon tea place which appeared to be favoured more by locals than tourists.Downsides were breaksfast (great choice but given full occupancy of the hotel, felt like a cattle farm), the size of the place (this place is vast, you need buggys and little boats to transport you around so you need to plan things like going to the beach as it could take up to 15mins to get there from your room), service was not quite on par with true 5* (we had a problem with our shower, this was reported on the first night, the next day and then again the following day to the duty manager before an engineer came to have a look, all the time we had to have a bath and were not adequately compensated). The other disappointment was the room, we had an Arabian Deluxe which was relatively small and the shower was opposite the toilet with only a shower curtain partition, not quite what I expect from a 5* hotel.Overall, it was a good hotel but in my experience, not quite what I would have expected given the amount they charge per room. We went to a few of the other hotels in Dubai and they are all luxurious, all huge and all have similar facilities. The Madinat is a great location and for that I would choose to stay here again, but would probably stay at the Mina instead.	
Nov 14 2009 	al qasr is the palace and you are indeed treated as a king	Already 5 years we stay once or even twice a year at the Al Qasr hotel. The Al Qasr is part of the Madinat Jumeirah complex which is set up in Arabian Style with the two hotels MinaSalam and Al Qasr and the Souk shopping centre with very nice restaurants along the waterside. The third hotel is the Dar al Masyaf which are the villas set around the gardens and along the beach. The Madinat Jumeirah is located next to the Burj Al Arab.The Al Qasr Hotel is a five star de luxe hotel which derserves the 5 star easily. Everything is organized perfectly and if you choose the premium leisure club you get a separate lounge with playstation and kids playroom while you can enjoy the afternoon snacks and free drinks. Nothing is left to chance at Al Qasr , you can enjoy a very individual service , the staff is always ready to take care of you. Because the Madinat complex is so large you can either take the free abra boats to take you to the beach , pool or restaurant or you can by the buggy,s that are always standing by .The large collection of restaurants in the hotel and souk are a large variety from fish restaurants , thai, beachfront and steakhouses. We prefer the Meat and co at the souk , Pisces fishrestaurant, Zhenghe and Pai Thai. Both the pool and beach have a lot of beachbeds which are very comfortable . The pool is large and secured by lifeguards.There is a special kidsclub with a separate covered playground and slides.At the poolside you are pampered with cold towels and sprays. The talise spa is very spacious and nicely set up in the gardens. The treatments are various but you can also get a 20 minute massage at the beach.The Al Qasr hotel is an amazing hotel which keeps the standard year after year,We enjoy our time there every single holiday. The prices are pretty up there but it is good value for money.We love it !!	
Nov 10 2009 	Being at home	My husband and I are something that could be called &quot;a permanent client&quot;. Do you really think we would be coming back two or three times a year should it not be really good? Well,certainly, it IS. First and foremost, the staff is wonderfull: amiable, friendly and at last, but not the least - well-trained and professional. This point is especially important for those who are coming on business, not for leisure. What I like most, is that any miner problem is being solved at once. For example, during this stay of mine in Al Qasr all of a sudden my nose started running at the small hours. I phoned Service One and got a nasal spray twenty minutes later. So, the next day I found myself quite adequate for work I'd planned beforehand. I guess the Al Qasr management follows the wisest of the ideas: the service is neither seen, nor heard, it's just there when you need it.Still, there's something to be done. I think this &quot;something&quot; is to be done about the uniform of the beach boys and the beach waiters - they are so much alike, it really IS difficult to keep them apart. As I managed to go to the beach only once during my stay at the hotel, I was never sure who I was speaking to:a beach boy or a waiter.	
Nov 3 2009 	Fantastic family resort. Couldn't be better!	We just arrived from a one week stay at Al Qasr Madinat Jumeirah. We are a family consisting of me and my wife and two boys of 4 and 1, 5 years old. We were staying for the last week of October and the hotel was fully booked at this time. Still that did not affect service levels in any way.After reading many of the reviews on this site I must say that we had very high expectations. They were both met and exceeded in many ways. This is a truly great resort especially if you are a family traveling with children. Many of the previous reviewers that stayed in club rooms or suites did mention that they were met at the airport before passport checkpoint and were able to be led past the ques.As we had booked a junior suite with club access we were really looking forward to this service. Especially since our flight didn’t land until midnight and we had two very tired children. Unfortunately there was no one waiting for us until after the one hour immigration ques and baggage claim. When I later asked about this we were told by concierge that this had to be requested separately since we arrived at Terminal 2. I would like to recommend that you confirm this with the hotel prior to your arrival. Such a service really helps a lot.However, after customs we were met by an immaculate Lincoln Navigator with plenty of room both for us and our luggage. Two kids seats were in place as requested and the friendly chauffer offered cold drinks and flannels. A 30 minute drive to the hotel and we arrived at the magnificent entrance. At arrival we were given a warm welcome by Lobby Manager Mr. Merouane Belhadj and one of his friendly colleagues who instantly made us fell as the most important guests at the hotel. As we all were tired after the flight we asked to go to the room directly and quickly went through the check-in procedures in the comfort of our suite. The suite, a junior Arabian suite was huge and very nicely appointed. Since we were travelling with young children we had requested a room on a low floor and got suite no 104 close both to the Premiere Leisure Lounge and easy access to the abra station and bridge leading to the pool area. Our four year old son got a huge bed consisting of a sofa bed and our 1, 5 year old got a nice crib. Our own bed was huge and exceptionally comfortable. Our kids got small presents each day and housekeeping made different animals out of towels every day. All the amenities you could ask for and great bathroom. We didn’t miss anything but I am sure that if we would have it would have been provided at once. After a good night sleep we woke up ready to explore the hotel. The first morning we took breakfast at the terrace of the Premium Leisure Lounge with its very friendly staff and nice terrace. We did find the selection a lot smaller that Arboretum or the pool restaurant where we ended up taking all our other breakfasts. The Club is very nice but we did not use the facilities there as much as I had expected we would have. I for one preferred to spend time at the beach and pool area instead. Hats off tough to the very friendly staff at the club who were the best concierges and went out of their way to assist us in any way possible. For our next stay we will probably want to book one of the villas at Dar al Masyaf closer to the pool and Beach. After breakfast we were took a tour of the grounds by boat; one of the many Abras available all through the resort. A very romantic way of transportation. Especially in the evenings when the entire resort is dramatically lit. The huge pool is surrounded by many sun beds and there were always plenty of them available despite that the hotel was full. Exceptional service at the pool. In older reviews I had read complaints about it taking time to order drinks at the pool area. We found it quite the opposite. I would especially like to mention Ronald and Enrico who both were fantastic, always offering genuine smiles and all the time paying attention to and playing with our children. I must say that one thing that really impressed us was how all the staff at the Madinat seemed to care about the little guests as much as the adults. They remembered both our son’s names and they really seemed to care that they should have fun as much as their parents.At the beach the beach attendant Jonas made sure we always got our preferred sun beds and there were huge daybeds with sunshades available which was great. Most days we took lunch at the beach or by the pool. Good selection and very good quality of both food and drinks. Sinbad – the kids club was super with lots of fun things for the kids. Shaded pool with small waterslide and well equipped facilities inside. Same thing here. The staff really cared that the kids should have a good time. Wild Wadi is a must if you have kids around 4 years old and older. Lots of fun even for dad and mom. Only a few minutes buggy ride from the hotel and free access for all guests at the Madinat. Wild Wadi had a great system where you got an electronic waterproof bracelet that you could swipe at the restaurants and the cost would be charged to your room. In that way you won’t have to carry around cash when you are in the park. The Restaurants at the Madinat Jumeirah are of a very high standard. I am a bit of a foodie and was very happy with all the outlets. Our favorite was MJ’s steakhouse with formidable quality meats perfectly prepared. Good wine list although pricy as you might expect from Dubai. Arboretum had a very nice buffet and Pai Thai was good with a very romantic setting. Shimmers at the beach was best for location and with the kids being able to run around at the beach it offered us time to get dessert before the children got to restless. The one restaurant experience that impressed us the most was the Friday Brunch at Arboretum. You really don’t want to miss this one I tell you. The brunch seemed to attract not only guests of the hotel but also a lot of expats living in Dubai. People were dressed up and live music made the mood high. Free Champagne, selected wine and spirits. But foremost what a magnificent selection of food. I have never seen anything like this before. Divided in to three adjoining restaurants and their terraces there was as enormous choice. Top quality and very well prepared. The Brunch is worth a journey on its own. Good value for money even at the 100 Euros per person they charge. Don’t miss it.Most of the mornings we had breakfast at the poolside restaurant where The Chef welcomed us with great pride and open arms. He was eager to make sure that always had all we wanted and went out of his way to provide top quality breakfast as well as service. One of the best hotel breakfasts I have ever experienced laid out in a most attractive way.  The resort is surrounded by walkways that make a perfect path for a stroll in the evenings. The place is huge and it takes a few days to find your way around. The Souk Madinat (shopping mall) stays open late so there is plenty to do after dinner. There is also a good selection of both casual and more upscale restaurants at the Souk.Upon departure we were met at the airport by Jumeirah representative Mr. Singh who effectively assisted us with both luggage and check-in procedures. A great value to us as the flight departed at 02.30 am and we were carrying two sleeping kids. The Al Qasr and Madinat Jumeirah is a beautiful hotel and manage to keep genuine charm even if it’s all a fantasy resort. I would describe it as a mix between Mandarin Oriental Bangkok and The Four Seasons Bali Jimbaran Bay with a twist of Disneyworld and The Venetian. However in all its splendor this resort would not be the same without its wonderful staff. I must agree with other reviewers that the management should be proud of their people. I have been fortunate enough to be able to stay in many of the top hotels and resorts in the world. Not often have I met such a genuine friendliness as in the Madinat Jumeirah.  I would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone. Especially to families with children. We got back home yesterday and are already making plans for our next stay.Richard L/ Sweden	
Oct 31 2009 	Perfect!	We stayed for three nights while travelling back to Australia at the start of September.The only way to describe the resort complex is magnificent. We hired a Junior Suite which included transfers and executive lounge access. The lounge had one of the most extravagant breakfasts I have come across, everything from quail eggs to camel milk porridge. The complementary evening drinks and afternoon tea was wonderful. The room was magnificent, the service perfect.This was a bit of a treat for us following 5 weeks of independent travel around Europe. We had never really stayed in a resort before, it just hasn't been our thing to do, this hotel lived up to all it promised and more.I would highly recommend staying here as an excellent way of winding down after weeks of travel or just to spoil yourself. Thankfully we were warned not make too many plans while in Dubai as you wont want to leave the resort.Also if you get a chance you must try Pierchic for a first class dinning experience.	
Oct 24 2009 	Trust your guest	This hotel is absolutely beautiful with great choice of restaurants. The concept linking the resorts and restaurants by beautiful waterways is very romantic and it is a great benefit that you can use the services of all 3 hotels Al Qasr, Mina Salam and Jumerah Beach hotel with complimentary transport between the hotels by boat or golf car. Hotel transport to and from the airport was great as well.The service was good but being from Asia it was not better than what you obtain in any other 5 star hotel in Asia - but ok if you are from Europe and America and never been to 5 star resort in Asia then I can understand why some may be very impressed. The only thing is that the room rate here is over USD 800/night and most 5 star hotels in South East Asia will give you same service or even better at a quarter of the price. The hotel does not seem to trust its guest and charge your credit card fully upfront on check in plus request and additional AED 2000 deposit per night up front. I am not used to pay for services in advance - and compare it to being asked to pay for a meal at an expensive restaurant even before the food has arrived. This hotel being almost perfect in all aspects needs to learn that guest who stays here are financially able to settle the hotel bill in full on check out instead of suspecting their guest as potential criminals who are intending to flee form their bills. This however is a great hotel and we will consider to retrun if the hotel reconsiders it billing/payment policy.	
Oct 23 2009 	Anniversary	Besides living in Dubai, we decided to stay at Al Qasr to celebrate our Anniversary....and it was just lovely! The standards of Jumeirah Hotels is great, we had a great view from our room...overlooking the hotel's water channels, the beach, the BURJ....	
Oct 22 2009 	Still well deserving of that big five star rating	Paid the Al Qasr a second visit this time with a nine month old in tow. This hotel still lives up to its reputation and we couldn't fault it in any way. It is expensive but you definitely get what you pay for and the service and attention to detail is second to none.A true 5 star experience and a location in Dubai that cannot be beaten. The choice of restaurants is amazing with all tastes and budgets provided for.	
Oct 19 2009 	Perfect!	My husband and I have just returned from our third visit to Madinat Jumeirah resort , we stayed previously in the villas but this time opted for AL Qasr. We worried that the hotel may be second best after the villas but this was not the case. We must thank Daniel for arranging to change us to a room with a better view , the beach staff in particular Rodolfo , who are all most attentive and the drivers of the abras who are all very charming and friendly. The excellent staff are the real asset of this hotel, they are all so helpful and friendly.The hotel is beautiful , the location is perfect , the food is delicious and it all adds up to make a perfect holiday experience . We look forward to another trip to the Al Qasr.	
Oct 13 2009 	Absolutely fabulous Hotel 	We stayed last weekend in the Al Quasr for 2 days on a stop over to Mauritius with our two children (18mth +5yrs). We arrived in the morning and were met by the friendly reception staff and were offered an upgrade to the Summer House which we can only recommend for its tranquility and privacy. Mahesh our personal butler (and I would have hired him ) was the most helpful hotel staff i met in years. We stayed in Villa 17 which has also access to its own private pool which was useful in case u didn't want to go to the big pool with your little ones which is great too. The food in the Arboretum was delicious and the variety was impressive! We will visit the Mina Al Salam on our return for 2-Days and we can't wait to take our children on the Arba trips!	
Oct 12 2009 	beautiful	a lovely room, excellent service, good value,the staff were excellent, the bathroom toiletries the best I have seen!	
Oct 9 2009 	Amazing	I have just returned from the most amazing holiday, staying at the Al Qasr.When we pulled up to the entrance my jaw was practically on the floor. The drive way that leads up to the entrance is a mass of grass with golden horses, then you pull round to the entrance with a fountain that again has the golden horses in it.The service was the best i have ever had anywhere in the world. Always polite and friendly, checking that everything is ok for us.The rooms are absolutely beautiful with lovely comfortable beds, and a gorgeous bathroom.The swimming pool area is very clean and tidy and again the service is constant, in all areas.Again the beach area is beautiful and the staff collect your towels for you and place them on the sunbeds for you. There are plenty of sun loungers for everyone.Dubai as a whole is a fantastic place and i feel i have found my home form home here. The area called &quot;the walk&quot; is really good with lots of shops and restaurants, and the shopping malls are absolutely enormous.I had the best holiday here and will definately be going back as soon as i can. I would reccommed this destination to anyone who likes Good standard hotels, nice beaches, good shopping facilities and good weather, however if you like history and culture this is not the place for you.	
Oct 8 2009 	Heaven on Earth...	and its in the middle of the desert, who knew?! Al Qasr means palace and from the moment you arrive, you are treated like royalty. Every detail was flawless. The rooms spectacular, the property stunning, the location iconic, the service welcoming. We can't wait to go back to the palace!	
Oct 3 2009 	Absolutely Perfect	This is our 3rd stay at the Al Qasr and Absolutely Perfect is what it is.The staff and management are fantastic, nothing is too much for them, you are always welcomed with a smile and a greeting.We have read a number of reviews on this site and you will get good and bad as everyone has a different opinion, We would not give this a good rating if we were not entirely satisfied with staying at the Al Qasr as we have strong opinions about good customer service and value for money. We have stayed at a number of hotels around the world including the Waldorf Astoria and Raffles in Singapore the Norfolk Hotel in Nairobi and this is our number one favourite hotel and destination.Looking forward to returning next year.	
Sep 26 2009 	Excellent and Luxurious	I have stayed at this hotel three times, all during the summer when they offer great rates of a bout 800 AED per night. I'm always looking for a place that has fun and luxary for me and the children. this hotel has exactly what I want, they have a great place for small children which is closed and well supervised where the children can splash in the water or enjoy great activities indoors doing arts and crafts, face painting, henna tatoos all for free and it wouldn't be very crowded because it's restricted for hotel guests only.They also have a great beach where you'll be treated like royalty and a very big swimming pool.While the kids are playing in the club parents can enjoy at the wonderful relaxing spa.There is also a small shopping area that has great resturants, they even have starbucks !!It has a great location near wild wadi water park and the Emirates mall and the hotel offers free transportation.The overall experience is great and for us and the children.	
Sep 26 2009	Some disappointing points	I stayed there in September - not the best season for swimming in the sea. Though the air temperature was quite pleasant, the sea was over 30 degrees and very salty - in the water you feel like having a salt-wrapping treatment in a hospital. The swimming pool water was fine, but pools are all very shallow - seems like around 1 m in depth.I didn't like the sevice - it's not the appropriate level for the hotel charging 1000 bucks for 1-night stay. The welcome service for our group was wonderful - champain and beautiful appetizers on a lovely terrace, but later every time I had questions or problems, it was hard to find someone from the staff who was ready to help me. I didn't like the buffet food for breakfast and lunch. Once we had lunch at Mina A'Salam in the same Medinah Jumeira, it was much better - stay there instead.The worst experience I had in spa. Massage was so-so and it was always cold in the room. Besides, you can get to the spa center only by boat. Prepare to wait for the boat back to the hotel for a long time sitting on the bench under the sun. Once I was waiting for 45 minutes. Twice I went back to the spa center to confirm they had called the taxi-boat. They were answering quite coldly &quot;yes&quot; and that was all. No apologies, no comments. When I tried to complaint at the reception - no comments again. Summarizing my experience, I had to admit the property itself is very luxuary. I stayed several times in famous 5-star hotels, but this is one of the best.	
Sep 23 2009 	Great hotel too bad their Sirius reward program is seriously lacking	Lovely hotel. We were well taken care of. However, the food at their Atrium restaurant was so-so. Other than that, our experience was great. For people who are not interested in accumulating Sirius rewards points then I recommend staying here. However, if your decision to choose this hotel in lieu of another equvalent hotel in order to accumulate rewards points.....well, think twice. I checked out on August 9th and today is September 23rd and my points are still not credited to my account . It's very frustrating because I am seriously trying to accumulate points prior to my next Dubai visit. I was really disappointed that their rewards program is not up to the standards of Jumeirah hotels.I would recommend this hotel as long as the traveler is not interested in Sirius points. It has been an excersize in patience and I am fed up with sending emails asking that my account be credited.	
Sep 23 2009 	An amazing hotel for your honeymoon	Fantastic hotel, fabulous staff, great food, you must try the Wagu Beef, out of this world, beautiful spacious rooms, just magical	
Sep 17 2009 	Short stay following Mauritius	We arrived very early in the morning following a night flight from Mauritius but following a 30 minute drive and brief check in we were shown directly to our room - an upgrade to a junior suite on the ground floor - number 104 - well positioned for the boats and buggies. Had a short sleep then down to breakfast in the main restaurant. As it was Ramadan, the restaurant was curtained off but had everyting yo could ever want - regardless of nationality - from eggs and bacon to rice, noodles and sushi!September is very hot - 45 in the day, 37 in the evening so the chilled pool was a welcome relief (in contrast to the hot sea!) Beautiful resort - we had a trip on one of the boats and guided tour after breakfast to get our bearings. Spent most of the days by the pool - food readily available by the pool but no alcohol until after sunset.The evenings we visited the malls and the marina - there is a mini bus that takes you to the Mallof the Emirates but we used taxis - very cheap. Lots of choice of restaurants in the malls but again no alcohol, no licences. We visited the Carrefours at M of E to stock up on waters and soft drinks as these were quite pricy at the resort.The fountains and aquarium at Dubai Mall an absolute must - our 3 year old loved it!We wandered arond the souk at the resort and bought some gifts that we could have bought cheaper at the airport had we waited.Every evening the room was prepared and a little gift left with the towel origami.Wild Wadi great for older children but fairly limited for a 3 year old - she enjoyed it much more in the main resort pool. Make sure you visit the turtles at Mina - some huge and fascinating to watch.Overall a great resort with everything you could need and well positioned in Dubai. We will def return but prob when it is a bit cooler!	
Sep 15 2009 	We love this place	We have just come back from our third stay at Al Qasr in the past twelve months, and once again have enjoyed a wonderful holiday with service which I haven't seen bettered anywhere.August is extremely hot (well over 40C in the day, and only falling to around 32-33C in the evening), but this is no problem if you are spending all day around the pool, and the night time indoors where it's air conditioned. I did note that the beach was much emptier than on previous visits (the sea was like a lukewarm bath), and it was too hot for terrace eating in the evenings.We stayed in a junior suite, which meant we had access to the premier leisure lounge; something I would recommend - it's definitely worth paying the extra, especially if you have young children, and it was so nice to see so many of the same faces in the lounge, who remembered us from previous visits.The poolside area was beautiful as always, but one comment I would make is that they have changed the sun loungers around the pool since last time we were here. The new loungers have thicker mattresses, but I found the old ones more comfortable because they had a pillow.We love this hotel because it combines luxury and impeccable service with a relaxed, family-friendly atmosphere, and while there is no question that it is expensive (though cheaper than last year!), I think it's surprisingly good value.	
Sep 11 2009 	It doesn't get any better	Just returned from the Al Qasr and felt compelled to write a review, such was my experience.It has been my privilege to stay at this resort of hotels previously: on business at Mina’a’Salam; a family holiday at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel and a leisure break last year at the Al Qasr. In my opinion the venue is unsurpassed; it is free from the building work evident elsewhere in Dubai and one can never tire of the view of the Burj Al Arab.While all hotels within Madinat Jumeirah are exceptional, it is the Al Qasr that remains my favourite. I’m particularly impressed by the Arabic theme of the hotel and the sheer beauty of the furniture and fittings throughout. In such a luxurious hotel, the quality of the accommodation and food is a given, but what continues to influence my opinion is the staff; I have been privileged in being able to stay at a number of world class hotels but I have never experienced such fine service as the Al Qasr. The difference I feel, is the sincerity with which the service is delivered; irrespective of where you are within the hotel, the staff seem genuinely interested in your wellbeing. It is not just directed to the guests either; in witnessing the interaction between the staff themselves, I felt that they appeared extremely content while at work and providing you with their service. The Management must be congratulated for this, as it surely reflects exceptional staff training. I recall reading a comment from a Trip Advisor contributor, along the lines of ‘it not being Dubai that he visits, but the Al Qasr’. I share his sentiment entirely; it is the Al Qasr and its staff that continue to attract me back. For a splendid holiday, and in terms of customer service, for me it doesn’t get any better than the Al Qasr.	
Sep 10 2009 	Wow- "Fantastic all round heaven on earth"	I have travelled to Dubai 6 times over a total of 14 years and this was my 3rd consecutive visit to the Al Qasr resort in Dubai.On arrival, we were greeted with a personalised hostess who introduced us to the vast ammenities of the hotel and it's resort and very efficiently checked us in to our room.(Incidentally, this was a room that i had stayed in previously and the excellent hotel management had noted that i had particularly liked this room and kindly arranged for me to be upgraded to this room without even having to ask!)The room was extremely large, with direct views of the sea and the neighbouring Burj al Arab hotel. It had fresh fruit, mineral water and newspapers delivered daily and was immaculate in terms of decor and cleanliness at all times. Breakfast was available until 11.30am in several restaurants and had something for everyone's palate. There was an immense buffet aswell as live cooking stations and the food was delicious to say the least in each of the venues.Everyday we would go to the hotel's private beach where the beach attendants would set up our beach beds, bring ice lollies and pretty much arrange anything we needed.The hotel has a motto of having a &quot;can do attitude towards all its guests&quot; and has managed to live up to this mission statement in a time where most other hotels are failing miserably. The beautiful hotel rooms, the vast array of restaurants, the impeccable service and the stunning resort itself, with its waterways and abbras (boats) as well as it's own souk are just some of the reasons why the Al Qasr hotel is a cut above the rest of the so called 5 starred hotels in Dubai. This is a must for holidaymakers and business travellers alike. Well done to the management and staff for maintaing such high standards on such a consistent basis.	
Sep 9 2009	Totally Magical	I travelled to Dar al maysaf which is located within the Al qasr hotel wiyh my son. We had a great time and could not recomend the place enough it has all that one could need. The service was unbelieveable I met Rahoul and Milan Who manage the resort to tell them on the magnificient stay that i had. Anyone looking at this hotel as a place to stay just book it you will not be dissapointed.	
Sep 8 2009 	excellent place for families	We stayed at Al Qasr for 3 nights in August. We had stayed in the Mina Salaam 2 yrs ago and liked it so much we decided to stay for 3 nights of our Honeymoon while travelling through Dubai. We were very impressed with the reception we received at the airport, the bottles of water and flannels in the very comfortable cab were a lovely touch. We found the service mostly good, the check in was very efficient and pleasant and the strawberries and chocolate with date sparkling drink very thoughtful (though champagne would have been even better!). We really liked our room which must have been a suite, it was massive. We had upgraded to the club executive to avail of the lounge which we hadn't had on our first visit., For such a short visit I don't think it was worth the extra money as we ended up trying to fit it in to avail of it. The service in the lounge and the drinks and food were all excellent. The breakfast was amazing, everything possible available, I just wished I was hungrier to eat more. The service was not very good here, it appeared quite short staffed. We ate at Pier chic which was good but expensive, Pad Thai was again excellent, really good service, also expensive. Unfortunately we didn't have time to get to some of the other restaurants we would love to have gone to. The pool is lovely and the pool side bar really good also with very good service. We had been in September before and didn't expect the amount of families that were staying at Al Qasr. It is an excellent place for families but not the best for couples seeking relaxation and a quiet time this time of year. This was our main problem with the hotel but that's not the hotel's fault. We were also a bit disappointed with our room service, while the rooms were very clean, little things like rubbish not being removed and not stocking up on used toiletries were unsatisfactory. The toiletries are one of the best things about the hotel but maybe they are getting a bit stingy with them.. Or maybe it was just an oversight.Overall despite having a lovely time, we weren't as impressed with Al Qasr as we expected. Our previous experience had, in our memory anyway, been flawless so it was always going to be difficult to live up the expectations. We would probably try someplace without so many families next time if travelling during school holiday time. I also hope the standards aren't beginning to slip a bit.	
Sep 4 2009	I'll be back!	Stayed at the Al Qasr for a week on a recent trip with my mother. It was my first visit to Dubai and on the whole I found the staff here extremely polite and very helpful - especially Royston on the concierge desk. He was really knowledgeable, friendly, and managed to deal with all my queries efficiently – including a second visit to the Burj Al Arab.Some staff (two) came across as being a little abrupt in their manner when we checked-in, in the early hours of the night, and when we settled our bill prior to checking out – I don’t think they liked being questioned.Our room was lovely and very clean - the beds are super comfortable. Every night we came back to a towel origami of an animal and a little pampering treat courtesy of the spa. It’s the small things like this that gave it a nice touch. The food was good – there’s certainly a lot of choice at breakfast and dinner. The poolside snacks are tasty too, especially the chips/fries!The best thing about the Al Qasr /Madinat Jumeirah resort is its location...there was no construction, and we certainly came away feeling rested.	
Sep 2 2009 	Great stay again..	Great time had at the Al Qasr. Few little niggles, did request a room with a view of the Burj al Arab which didn't happen but had a great view of the Marina and the waterways. Used both the main restaurant for breakfast and the one near the pool , much preferred the pool one and Helen will remember your name after the 3rd day! Free Iced lollies, cold flannels, fruit etc handed out around the pool and beach were all lovely touches. Would recommend doing a helicopter tour over Dubai, booked it with the concierge, be careful about what sort of camera you take with you, big lenses aren't allowed. Would go back to the Madinat but probably go back to the Mina.	
Sep 1 2009 	Felt as if we had died and gone to heaven	We have stayed here a lot in the last 4 years, and each time we arrive we are met with such a warm welcome. The staff always make you feel very welcome, and remember us from visit to visit. The rooms are great with an arabic feel and great proportions and always clean. As an example we returned from the Mall earlier than expected and found our room was being services. I asked if we would have 5 minutes to get changed etc and he happy obliged and left the room. We got changed for the pool, opened the door 10 mins later to find he had waited outside our door for us to change with no hassle. In lesser hotels we would be met with an attitude if we asked for this simple courtesy.MJ's is great and the food is top drawer. The breakfasts are good, but they do feel a little like a school canteen as it was so busy, but this is nothing to complain about. The pool is incredible with lifeguards everywhere, but the drinks are a little expensive.	
Aug 29 2009 	second to none service and hotel	a hotel second to none ,service began at the airport and finished their you cold not get any better from the meeting party to the hotle manager ,money could'nt buy any better service all were outstanding through our stay, the hotel restraunts pier chic, zen'he and mj's were outstanding and nothing was to much trouble. 1st time in dubai and it wont be the last i wont look at any other hotel this was perfect. highly recomended	
Aug 18 2009 	Terrible Hotel - 5 Star ? - Not a chance	I stayed here in August with my daughter on the way back from Thailand for 4 nights. I was really looking forward to it - How dissappointed we both were! Don't get me wrong, the pool is great and it's got good access to Jumeirah beach. Apart from that I would not rate it at all - and it certainly isn't a 5-star hotel. It looks very impressive, but the service was rubbish - Room not ready, room not cleaned on time, no fresh fruit in room, no ice in room and it was incredibly expensive - I would definitely not recommend it and I certainly would not go back - We heard that the hotel had sacked half it's staff since Xmas - it really showed.	
Aug 17 2009 	Sheer Heaven. The reviews don't lie.	My husband and I spent 3 nights at the Al Qasr. It was a very late booking for our 10th wedding anniversary. I read up on all the reviews before we went and my expectations were high. I was not disappointed. Its big and its not subtle. in fact that pretty much describes Dubai as well. From the moment we arrived we were treated like royalty. Offered cold flannels, dates and sat down in a lovely lounge whilst they went through the check in details. One minor problem that did arise was that we had to pay a deposit of 2500dhs for the extras as we do not use credit cards. It was a pain but after that we just charged everything to our room and paid by debit card at the end of the stay for those extras that went over and above the deposit. We had already paid for the room in advance. We asked for an upgrade that cost us 420dhs per night. This gave us a better room, and entry to the executive lounge on the 5th floor. That was well worth the money. Although we had already booked a deluxe ocean view we ended up in a Junior Arabian Suite because they had no deluxe ocean views left that were attached to the lounge. They did not charge us for the double level upgrade, just the one jump up. The room was wonderful and well appointed. There was no sea view but that was a trade off. From the executive lounge you got magnificent views of the sea and the Burj Al Arab. We were able to have our breakfast, afternoon tea and free cocktails with nibbles in the lounge every day. We would fill up at those times and then we did not need to eat lunch. One word of warning, the restaurants are very expensive, the alcohol even worse. But we still had the time of our lives. The staff were polite, courteous and addressed us by our names every day in the lounge. The general staff were also fabulous and always had a smile and a hello for us. I had two treatment at the Talise Spa - this place has to be seen to be believed...PARADISE! We ate at Zheng He's Chinese at Mina Al Salam which was wonderful and we stared in awe at our surroundings whilst being taken there and back on an Abra on the waterways. We then ate at Pierchic, the seafood restaurant at the end of the jetty. Again it was wonderful, but expensive. Do not expect to spend anything less than about £150-£200 a couple. Be warned, July and August are so warm in Dubai that you do not eat outside or stay outside for any great amount of time. Even in the evening the temperatures barely dropped below 35c. The cold flannels given out by the staff at each eaterie were welcome. The swimming pool is huge and oddly shaped. There are enough sun loungers for all, and enough lifeguards for all!!! Normally 8 on duty at any one time. The pool is the largest in the gulf. I cannot praise this hotel enough. The general manager should be proud of it and especially his staff, they are a credit to him. On our last day we were to be transported by limo to the airport at 5.30 am. The night before we checked out, we were asked if we wanted our breakfast in the room early. At 4.50am a continental breakfast arrived. It was beautiful. All in all our stay although short was memorable and we are already enquiring about staying there with our 2 children at Easter next year. Sheer Heaven it was. Thank you Al Qasr. p.s. go for afternoon tea at the Burj Al Arab. Not cheap at 365dhs each but worth it just to experience a place that is so lavish and opulent (trust me, there are no words that could adequately describe it). One of the Al Qasr's buggies will take you there for free. Its owned by the same company as Al Qasr. Still preferred Al Qasr though :-)	
Aug 14 2009	This place is wonderful. The staff were friendly and helpful at all times.	You will not be disappointed in booking the Desert Safari ( they work with Arabian Adventures) thru the hotel- well worth the cost and convenience- price was reasonable and the experience was great. Also- enjoyed a dinner cruise booked thru Al Qasr.	
Aug 14 2009 	Absolutely superb the reviews don't lie it was a wonderful holiday!!!	Just returned from a week's holiday at this fantastic hotel: staff, service, rooms, pool, beach, everything was absolutely fabulous. I had really done my research on this hotel via trip advisor so expectations were high and I can honestly say the hotel delivered on all levels. For anyone travelling with families I cannot recommend this hotel enough: a truly superb hotel, fantastic time had by all and definitely will be back!	
Aug 11 2009 	Thank you Al Qasr!!!!!!!!	Al Qasr is arguably one of the most beautiful hotel resorts in the world, the beach is well managed with white sands, the pool is one of the largest in Dubai and the waterways going throughout the hotel are so romantic and just a really nice touch to the hotel. The staff couldnt get any better just absolutely perfect, ive been privaleged to stay at some of the best hotels in the world including the ritz in London and would say the attention to detail in this hotel from the staff is fantastic, shakil in al hambra absol;utely excelled in customer service and the staff around the pool area were always attentive giving out free ice creams and cucumbers to put on your eyes to cool you down. We went out tfor dinner at the Burj Al Arab which is close to Al Qasr and i would go as far to say Al Qasr was much better was not disappointed with our choice to stay here what so ever, Will without a doubt recommend this to all my customers, friends and family thank you so much for one of the best experiences of my life and we hope to return again!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 8 2009 	Great family holiday beautiful hotel	Stayed at the Al Qasr for the second time with my wife, daughter and her friend in May. The hotel and grounds are stunning and the atmosphere very relaxing. All staff are very friendly and polite and the service was wonderful (especially Akbar, the waiter at the pool). The rooms are very comfortable and of a very high standard. Breakfast in the pool side restaurant is really good and we enjoyed dining at a variety of restaurants at the Al Qasr, Mina a Salam and the Madinat Souk. We have stayed at other five star resorts in the Jumeirah Beach area and although we thorouhly enjoyed our stay at these hotels, they do not come close to the Al Qasr. We are returning at the end of September, this time to stay in one of the DAM beach villas.	
Aug 2 2009 	Treated like royalty	We are regular visitors to this Hotel and think of this as our second home where we are treated like friends rather than just another guest. On this occasion we celebrated our 10th wedding anniversary and 10 years staying with Jumeriah and every stop was pulled out for us. From the moment we arrived we were met with a huge bouquet of flowers and were whisked off to the best room in the Hotel in a Rolls Royce - what a feeling being treated like royalty! Having stayed at many other Hotels around the world we feel that this Hotel definitely stands out from the rest. Nothing is too much trouble, the service is second to none and the facilities, setting and personal service offered to all is outstanding. Our next 2 visits are already booked, October and the New Year Party, certainly one not to be missed - WOW!!!! Our destination is no longer Dubai it is now AL QASR.Phil &amp; Andrea (Cheshire)	
Jul 30 2009 	Wow!!!!!	This is by far the best hotel I have ever stayed at. From the moment we were picked up at the airport to leaving the same way this was exceptional.The staff are so excellent at what they do, that every day our room was attended to twice and having been there for 6 days I never once seen our room attendant.The pool staff go round a couple of times a day with cold face towels to cool you down.The restaurants are really excellent and worth every penny you spend, they might be a little expensive, but you get an indulgance book on arrival that gives you vouchers in some cases that takes 25% of some bills, I reckon i saved at least 100 euro, enough to buy another lovely meal in MJ`S. the steakhouse.The suok in the resort is lovely and you can also get some great bargains.Our bedcovers were changed every day &amp; as they knew it was my wifes birthday we even had a birthday cake delivered to our room, followed by a bunch of roses the next day.I could go on &amp; on about this place, but the best way to do it is to say i`m willing to accept any questions regarding this hotel.AL QASR WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.	
Jul 26 2009 	restored my faith in Dubai	I had been reluctant to holiday in Dubai having worked there 20 years ago and not liking what I have seen in the media about the expansion of a city that was once viewed as a 'hardship' posting for expats. I have recently holidayed in Oman, Egypt and Abu Dhabi (as close to Dubai as I wanted to get!) but with prices in those places having increased significantly (the Al Bustan in Muscat is now charging much higher rates since its refurbishment) we decided to bite the bullet and go to Dubai as the hotel rates for 5 plus star establishments were very competitive. We stayed at Al Qasr for 5 nights during February half-term and we all absolutely loved the hotel. I still feel that Dubai itself has little to commend it; heavy traffic, unlimited construction, high prices and smog all prevail but Al Qasr was wonderful and ideal for a relaxing holiday with children. After a disappointing stay at the Colony Club in Barbados a few months previously (see review) I was desperate for luxury and Al Qasr certainly ticked all the right boxes to such an extent that we are returning at the end of August for a week. There were one or two niggles but these were minor points. Check-in could have been better. After an overnight flight with little sleep it would have been super to have been given a cool welcome drink on arrival rather than a plate of dates, and the female member of staff dealing with our reservation (Russian?) was rather brusque and unwelcoming. We had to wait for our room which was understandable but would have appreciated a little more information about where we could have gone during our wait. There is a room, including showers, where you can change and leave your luggage so next month we will pack our swimwear/beach stuff in a separate bag, shower and change, go and have breakfast and then head to the pool rather than wander around the souk!Our room was reasonably large and easily accommodated the sofa bed on which our daughters slept (although we had to ask for this to be made up on our arrival because it had not been done). I appreciated the fact that, unlike the Colony Club, even though it was only a sofa bed it was made up with high quality sheets, pillows and bedding. The room was quiet for most of our stay apart from one night when maintenance work began nearby at 11pm! (this disturbance was dealt with by a member of staff).We had breakfast each day at Al Qasr and it was superb! There was an incredibly wide range of excellent food and I didn't need to eat again until the evening. I was very impressed. Our daughters had lunch at the pool each day which was fine and then we ate within the resort most evenings. Restaurants did seem to get booked up quickly and we had problems getting at table at the steak restaurant although one was found for us when I expressed the view that residents of the hotel should not be turned away. We ate at the Burj one night (the top floor restaurant) but wouldn't recommend it; it was astronomically expensive (it makes Le Manoir in Oxfordshire seem good value for money), the service was hit and miss and the food was unremarkable. I feel it is a good idea to visit during the hours available to Al Qasr guests and enjoy the view, and go elsewhere for dinner. Incidentally, we were told by the Concierge at Al Qasr thet children were unable to dine at the Burj unless aged 12+, and yet when we had visited in the afternoon I spoke to a member of staff in the restaurant who said that our children would be welcome at 7.30pm even though they were 8 and 10, and there were indeed a significant number of younger children there the night we visited.We all loved the swimming pool. I was amused to read comments from other reviwers who complained about the 'prison-camp' lifeguards. Apologies for drawing yet more comparisons with the Colony Club (no, I didn't like it!!) but there there was not one single lifeguard at the pool which is not reassuring when you have young childre. I was very reassured by the number of attentive and professional lifeguards on duty at Al Qasr and it is worth noting that the pool is spotless and the water extremely clean.We really enjoyed using the abras; yes, I know it is twee and a little fake but great for the children and good fun. We also enjoyed a wander through the souk each evening, again a sanitised version of the real thing but hey, we were relaxing on holiday, not taking part in a cultural tour and it was fun. If one wants to experience the real ' Middle East' Dubai is not the place to start; Oman's cultural heritage is in much greater evidence. The cost of eating and drinking within the hotel complex was very high but no more so than you would expect in a 5 star establishment; the Four Seasons in Sharm was more expensive.We all really loved this hotel and none of us wanted to leave. It is the ideal place to get some sun, enjoy good service in super surroundings and relax. If one is looking for more then Dubai is not the place to go anyway, but we can't wait to return to Al Qasr in August!	
Jul 24 2009 	Great hotel but shop around	I loved this hotel, but when i was speaking to fellow guests i found out that by just booking on their website i was paying twice the price of others. Top quality hotel but check out prices before you book.	
Jul 24 2009 	My idea of paradise	Recently returned from my 4th stay at Al Qasr. The prize asset of Jumeirah International must be their staff. I have always found them friendly and helpful; nothing is to much trouble for them. The hotel is immaculate, as is the gym, which I used every other day during my stay. The only thing I do not like about Al Qasr is saying goodbye!!!	
Jul 21 2009 	One of the best Hotels in the world	Stayed for 10 days and the hotel delivered everything we could have hoped for and then loads on top. The service was outstanding, every member of staff could not do enough to help, (and having a baby this meant a lot) The Executive club is a must extra, that is worth ever penny and the staff in the club (especially Sunny) are happy to arrange and sort every thing out for you.Food was amongst the best that I have ever had, and with 27 restaurants to choose from, every culinary delight was available.9 swimming pools to choose from, however the main pool was extremely large and most of it is only 3 feet deep, again great for the kids. Life guards are stationed every few hundred yards around the pool, so I have never felt safer with the kids.The beach was great, very clean (cleaned every night) and sea was very warm.We visited both the burj and Atlantis, but would pick Al Qasr every time. The Berj is not a family hotel and the service at the Atlantis was extremely poor.This hotel offers everything that a holiday should provide. The travel around the hotel by golf buggy or small boat, which were always ready to take you were ever you wanted to go.My only complaint would be the gym, which is a bit out dated (the weights area) the cardio machines were very good and had fans built in to keep you cool, along with the staff bringing you chilled towels to wipe yourself down.The souk was most interesting, but expensive (you are in a top 5* hotel complex) and as we had use of a car, cheaper bargains could be had at some of the other shopping malls or markets. Any one who goes to Dubai has to visit the gold souk.This hotel is as good as the Hotel de Paris in Mote Carlo for style and quality, and better on every other level. 10 out of 10.We will definitely go back.	
Jul 19 2009 	Soon to return	We stayed at the Al Qasr Christmas 2008. We had decided to get away and escape the cold of England for our 1st Christmas away with our young family ( 3 year old son and daughter who had her 1st birthday on the day we travelled home). Although we had been away with the children before we were still slightly apprehensive as to what Christmas in Dubai would be like. The Al Qasr did not disapoint. Check-in was excellent, we had arrived on an early flight and where at the hotel by 8.30 and in our room by 9am. This was very helpful as although our children has sleeped on the flight it was great to get them washed and changed and un-packed. The facilities in the room for the children, toys, cot, and baby products was a really nice touch and appreciated. Much has been mentioned on Trip Advisor regarding the rooms. We found them to be spacious, clean and well equipped. We unfortunatly did not have a seaview room but the balcony looked over the lagoons and waterways at the rear of the hotel. These are fanatastic with the hotels abras making interesting viewing throughout the day as they glide past. The TV'S are not flat screens but we did not find that this affected our holiday to any degree !!. The hotel grounds, gardens, pool areas, are far more important to us as a family than sitting in a room watching television. The pool areas are fantastic. The childrens club pool with its large sun shade over the water is great, and the quality and quantity of the life guards is exceptional. My only slight gripe regarding the pool area is the service at he pool bar. You could wait too long for a waiter to come around to the sun loungers to take a drinks order. In other hotels we have stayed at we find the staff can sometimes be too obtrusive, chasing a drinks order whilst your trying to relax and this can also be a negative ,however the Al Qasr seem to have gone to far in the other direction. Regular 'sweeps' of the pool area by discreet yet approachable waiters would be a bonus rather than waiting, or wandering to the bar to find somebody to take an order.Holidaying with a young famiy we had booked the Half Board option and decided to eat in the main buffet restaurant . We found the choices available very good with enough variety to try something different each evening. Our children enjoyed their meals and the staff in the restaurant where 1st class, very attentive and extremely polite. However be careful, we did not realise and where not informed untill checking out that our half board option, that we had pre-booked in the UK, did not cover the evening buffets on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. This was chargeable at and additional cost of nearly £200. We did manage through are travel agent to have this amount reimbursed, but felt that on a 5 night break to pay half board and then have to pay again for 2 of those nights was unjustified. However, we have booked again for this Christmas (2009) and our staying longer, so it cannot have been that bad!!. We know that our half board will not apply to Christmas Eve/Day and we accept that, now that we are forwarned. We are looking forward to another wonderful family holiday. Our children being older will be able to enjoy more of the facilities, especially the excellent Wild Wadi water park, and appreciate the Abras journeys around the hotel. We note that the Al Qasr is no longer No1 on TA in Dubai, I do hope that we will not be disappointed.	
Jul 7 2009 	Highly recommended	Dubai has lots to offer on ((new) hotels...and during these days...incredibly discounted rates, empty pool areas, low booked restaurants and more. We still, however, keep returning to Al Qasr, and this almost monthly, because of service, amenities, location. We just left last night and when i read the comments on trip advisor this morning i feel like extending our appreciation to staff once again. Special thanks to the ever friendly people at the Club Lounge: Mariam from Kenya, Nadim from Sri Lanka, former employee Mark from Burma, Dan from Mauritius and all the other staff there. The pool staff for their attentiveness. We stay so many nights at hotels during the year and this hotel always makes us feel welcome. And these people have sometimes to put up with all sorts of challenging guests! The hotel needs some serious refurbishment of the rooms though; we hope management is taking care of this.	
Jul 1 2009 	Great Location Excellent Service 	Location: 5/5. Really impressive resort. Great beach, nice pools, cool water park and unbeatable view (given BaA).Rooms: 5/5. Good layout. Very good AC. Super flat screen (with DVD). High speed internet. Great bed. Water &amp; fruits provided. Nothing to complain about.Service: 5/5. Impressed by staff (only check-in and check-out were not perfect) - friendly, knowledgable and responsive.Did not eat there (besides some snacks at the pool). So cannot judge food.Overall: 5/5. Was really impressed by hotel. Right now room rates are very fair (as it is very hot in Dubai). However, room rates seem to go up to 600 Euro per night during peak season. I do not know whether I would pay these rates.	
Jun 30 2009 	luxury hotel that delivers what you want in service and pleasing environment	Stayed as a couple between 20-28June.We found that this hotel did deliver in expectations compared to other hotels around the world that do not and are seriously thinking of going back soon as its good service,food, relaxing and its luxury.The palace theme style is great for a relaxing holiday and is very easy on the eye especially having a drink under the stars with the burj changing colour every few minutes.Drinks are pricey but it is a 5* hotel. Al Qasr is prettier than the Mina side. You can also visit/eat at Jumeriah beach and Burj (we found them too modern/business like for relaxing holiday) travelling to them by golf buggies .Use of the boats on the waterway to get from Al Qasr/Mina and their own sanitised souk is quicker and more fun. (It may be all superficial but it means you get all the best bits without the depressing reality of seeing real life).With breakfast till1130am and dinner to 10+pm it allows relaxing holiday. Food at Al Qasr is better than Mina. We walked out of Mina as it was serving chicken pie and burgers for main dinner(not what i would expect of a 5* hotel) A couple staying at Mina also told us they used the Al Qasr as its better. Food is international ie mild curries/stews,sushi,Arabic,european. However plenty of restaurants around the complex including seafood,thia plus other options/bars in the complex's own souk. Hotel wasnt very busy (good for us)so service was very good but did drop slightly at weekend when more people using the restaurant ie waiting for glasses/fruit salad etc. Fabric of our room was very good and serviced twice a day or when convenient to us.(only minor complaint they never supplied enough shower gel and when asked for more would bring only one).Beach is literally bulldozed nightly so is well maintained + with lifeguards .Sea is very warm and shallow but a bit choppy and there is a breeze which makes it bearable under the parasols however more people stay around the pool(with 7 lifeguards so if you have kids you will feel safe).Arrival introduction was the only poor aspect of service ie little information given out and trying to sell upgrades to larger rooms . Gym was good though have to use the boat from Al Qasr and women need to cover their top eg by towel walking through Mina lobby(they need another route from an Abra/boat stop) but this is a very minor point. I would recommend this hotel especially if like us you can get a good deal!! Easy to get out to the malls using taxis or hotel buses. Emirates mall (200+ stores and ski runs)and burj dubia mall by tallest building(800+stores and ice rink and aquarium )open to 12midnight thursday-Saturday so plently of time to shop but found many things same or more expensive than UK vs our last visit to Dubai in2006, however watches still cheaper eg tag aquaracer £625 vs UK £825	
Jun 29 2009 	"Great Property Food shocker"	I move from Hotel to Hotel in my work but never have a paid for such a load rubbish as for the food at Al Qasr Hotel. There are two Hotels in this resort, the food is better in Mina a salam Hotel than the shocker you get from Al qasr Hotel the second of the two hotels.The funny point is they actually think they are leading foodies!!!! If the Hotel actually bothered to look outside they might see the big boys are in town and leaving them behind. I would stay at the Hotel but when it comes to the food go outside to the competitors as you are paying alot for tasteless, poor quality and in some cases unedible food.	
Jun 24 2009 	O.M.G BEYOND EXPECTATIONS	The title says it all. by far one of the best holidays i have ever experienced. from the minute me and my friends arrived we were treated with so much respect and dignity. staff were so helpful and respectful.just arrived back on the 22nd june 2009 and i just want to go back straight away. the first day we arrived the gentleman sitting at the reception kindly offered to put a 3rd bed into our room alongside the two double beds that were already in the room. just so me and my two friends could have a bed to ourselves our luggage was taken to our rooms. staff members standing at all corners on the mian recption floor greeting and smiling. room services for our room was fantastic and also the staff at the poolside were very helpful. defently customer service for this hotel is top notch and i wanna thank them for everything.This hotel defently enhanced our experience especially since this was me and my friends first time in dubai and we all came to the conclusion that when we do go back to dubai we will defently stay in the same hotel and i would recommend this hotel to anyone that is thinking of going to dubaiThe Buggy service was great as well and i think anyone that is going to dubai you get plenty of choices of where u want to wine n dine. if you wanna choose id recommend arboretum breakfast and dinner was pretty good and worth every dirham.	
Jun 13 2009 	Hit By the Financial Crisis Very Bad Experience!	I used to agree with all the positive reviews here, Al Qasr was one of best choices in Dubai if I'm travelling for leisure. It was a very disappointing visit. It doesn't reflect anymore the 5 stars standards of Jumeirah. Some of staff needs more training in Customer Care, some will not even smile at you if you asked them for anything. Rooms needs renovation &amp; maintenance. The Beautiful furniture was VERY Dusty so was the curtains!!. Bed linens needs to be changed as their colour turned to yellow!!. Room service cutlery full of scratches &amp; stains. I ordered once from the room service &amp; my dinner arrived on a stained table cloth !!!.Air Conditioning was very very hot &amp; it was fixed only after calling Service one for the 4th time in the second day!!! .. Although it has been reported from the first day..Walls definitely needs repainting. When I checked in the bathroom floor was not moped after the previous guest &amp; it was full of hair!!, which was really disgusting.Restaurants Staff needs training in personal hygiene &amp; etiquette as I observe one of the staff was picking his nose &amp; directly after that touching the cutlery &amp; dishes on the table &amp; serving the tea!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. Which kept me away from the restaurants.I wrote this review for Al Qasr managment to see &amp; review their standards as it's getting lower than expected.	
Jun 13 2009	SIMPLY THE BEST	Staff, service and rooms absolutely fabulous. Had a fantastic time. Staff couldnt do enough for you and were friendly and smiling. Fantastic. Management always visible and always willing to help. Restuarants out of this world. A simply magnificent hotel and such a memorable holiday. Thank you	
Jun 10 2009 	what a hotel and complex	if you are going to dubai and can afford it ,stay here, you are at the centre of dubai's day and nightlife, this is where everyone else travels to,the best service in the world, wonderful rooms, best breakfast,do not stay anywhere else ,i loved the boats and buggys that transport you around ,the bars at night, the skyview bar in the burj.	
Jun 9 2009 	As good as ever	Just returned from our annual half term trip to dubai. We have stayed at all the jumeirah properties and find them superb but the last 3 visits have stayed at the al qasr. I travelled with my 2 teenage sons and we all agree the hotel caters for all our needs. We always use the premium leisure facility which adds that extra bit of luxury. A wonderful property with excellent facilities and friendly staff giving first class service we can not wait to return.	
May 29 2009 	The best hotel with the best possible amenities for all member of the family	Seven of us, four adults and three children have just returned from a wonderful week at the Al Qasr, where our every need and wants were met and exceeded. Maren, Henriette and Rahul and the huge team of staff never missed a single opportunity to ensure that we had maximum comfort and pleasure during our stay. Greeting us in arrivals, we were grateful for our host from the hotel who fast tracked us through passport control and escorted us to the two (and pre chilled air-conditioned luxury car) that were waiting nearby. We were immediately offered chilled towels for our comfort and chilled drinks. A fantastic first impression that just got better and better. I must recommend &quot;The Club&quot; facilities the additional benefits of which added that extra dimension and was well worth the additional cost. I know the little folks (aged 4,5 and 7) loved the Sinbad club (giving the adults even more relaxing by the pool time!). A perfect hotel for families with small children,to my mind it unequalled anywhere else. Great room service ! crisp top quality cotton was changed each day ! fab! I could go on, it was just such a super place to stay and a great comfort given the hot hot weather! Thank you Maren and your wonderful for providing such a first class service! I shall look forward to our return visit !	
May 24 2009 	Luxury personified	Had a wonderful stay at al qasir got upgraded to the villas and what a pleasant surprise that was, felt like you had your own private pool! would recommend this hotel to everyone, having been on a virgin cruise in March supposed to be to Dubai ,but we were 2 hours outside, this hotel was so central for everything would go back there in a minute, great choice of restaurants too Chinese being our favourite.There is so much staff there, they couldn't do enough for us. well done!	
May 17 2009 	Wonderful fourth stay for a family holiday this resort is hard to beat.	Another great holiday at Al Qasr. Dar al Masyf actually, as we were upgraded on arrival to the Arabian style villas all around the main hotel. Our villa, number 12 was about as far from the main hotel as we would have liked, boats and buggies are plentiful, but it was handy to be within five mins walking distance of the pool, beach, hotel etc. Our villa had its own pretty, small pool (not heated), which was lovely to go back to late afternoon, as the main pool is usually quite busy throughout the day. Receptionists at the villa efficient and friendly, room beautiful and spotless, and the complimentary bar from 6pm till 8pm was a nice surprise!Ate at different restaurants each night, with MJ's and Pai Thai being the best. We did not find eating in the hotel restaurants that expensive when you take into account the location, stunning surroundings, quaility of service etc. Breakfasts are the best.Plenty for the children to do, complimentary admission to the Wild Wadi water park was new this year, tennis school good, segway riding great fun, and very well equipted kids club/pool. It' s never a cheap holiday, but every time we stay here, the whole family have a great time, and that alone makes it worth every penny, and we will definately go back.	
May 16 2009 	The recession has hit Jumeirah's service delivery !!?	For me, the true test of your experience at a resort is when you get home and open the AMEX bill and if you still remember the experience fondly then it is value for money. In our recent stay at Madinat Jumeirah was 3 days of poor service, very poor villa all at a premium price. Next time in Dubai, I will be looking for value for money elsewhere. I have officially written to the management of Jumeirah and some 3 weeks later, failed to get a formal response to what I believe are serious deficiencies in their delivery of quality service. It looks to me the recession has hit this resort very badly and corners are being cut when it comes to quality and service.	
May 13 2009 	You can't really go wrong here	Our third trip to Dubai, we were originally booked into the Royal Meridien, but changed it because I was aware of construction work around the Marina. No such problem here as Jumeirah owns the whole stretch of beach from the Jumeirah Beach hotel right through to the Madinat Jumeirah complex. That's a big plus for starters as last time around our stay at the Royal Mirage was pretty much perfect...except for the sight of construction trucks making their way up to the Palm Island day and night.There is little to find at fault with the Al Qasr. The staff were almost without exception helpful, the place is very family friendly with one exception (see below), the rooms are large and perfect for a toddler to run around in and there were nice touches such as the odd toy left in the room and real coffee as opposed to those awful UK standard instant coffee sachets + kettle.The pool is also huge and the kids club is recommended, with loads of staff on hand to watch and help.The one criticism I would have comes down to the way the resort is designed, over a series of waterways. This means there are bridges with steps leading from the hotel to the pool / beach, with the one ramped bridge being quite a walk away. Lugging a pram over the steps and onto the other side of the bridge wasn't that great - though in fairness if staff were around they did help. However, while this was inconvenient, it didn't take away from the enjoyment of the place.The other - observation really - is that food and drink prices are quite high, especially with the £ having lost a lot of value in the current recession. This seems to be a feature of a lot of five star Dubai hotels judging from other reviews. That being the case though, I'd say the half board option (which you can book via an agent such as destinology) is worth it. It doesn't restrict you to the buffet, you get a credit if you eat elsewhere.Another tip is that there's a fake Arabic style souk / shopping mall in the complex with restaurants, high end fashion retailers, knick knack stalls....and both a Starbucks and Costa Coffee. Worth bearing in mind for when you just want a sandwich for lunch.All in all though, you are in good hands here. You can't really go wrong.	
May 12 2009 	Absolutely Perfect..	This was a last minute booking for a weekend trip to celebrate my wife's birthday. So booked 2 nights in a garden view room but upgraded to their executive club status which included airport transfer. I chose this hotel due to the extensive good reviews on Trip Advisor and all I can say is you didn't disappoint me.From the airport transfer in a luxury car with cold drinks available, to the really informative driver who enthused about everything we saw on the way to the hotel, you could not wish for an easier or more relaxing arrival after a long flight.As we approached the hotel the driver phoned to warn them of our imminent arrival and we were greeted and whisked up to the executive lounge to check in and have breakfast.Seeing we were arriving into Dubai at 7:30 a.m we did not expect our room to be ready and had packed seperately a change of clothes but by the time we had finished breakfast we were taken to our room. What a lovely room and I could't get over the size of the bed!What I do have to say is that we have stayed at a lot of very nice hotels around the world including quite a few famous ones, but the staff here are what make this hotel special, so warm and welcoming, highly efficient and very enthusiastic about their hotel. Nothing is too much trouble and everyone from the pool towel guys to the water taxi drivers made the whole stay memorable. The whole complex, which is made up of 2 other hotels, is stunning, the range of restaurants and bars mind-boggling and the setting truly beautiful.Because dining out and certainly alcohol is very expensive I would highly recommend paying the extra for the Executive Club. As well as the chauffeur airport transfers you have access to the private lounge which serves complimentary soft drinks and tea &amp; coffee right through to 2a.m. You also get to have a beautiful breakfast away from the main restaurant which is very busy. Complimentary afternoon tea is served in the lounge between 3 and 4:30p.m which is exquisite and then between 6 and 8p.m it is complimentary cocktails and canapes either in the lounge or on the private balcony with large sofas overlooking the Burj al Arab as the sun goes down. Heaven! With free internet access and printing also available in the lounge, this is one upgrade where the cost is easily justified. I would also like to add that the staff who man the Executive Club are some of the friendliest and most efficient hotel staff I have ever had the pleasure of meeting, nothing is too much trouble. A special mention goes to Karla who really is superb.A magnificent hotel complex with excellent facilities and some of the best hotel staff in the world. We cannot wait to return.	
May 8 2009 	Honeymoon Stay - Mixed Experience Rooms Excellent Inconsistant Service	I hope Stephan Schupbach reads this review as I'd be keen for him to speak to him about our stay as we weren't given an opportunity on honeymoon.This is a mixed review by all accounts. We stayed for 5 nights in a Junior Suite at Al Qasr as part of our honeymoon.We were met at the airport and within 10 mins were on our way to the hotel, fabulous Service and a super driver who told us all about Dubai.We were met at the hotel entrance and taken straight up to the exec floor to check in, very good first impression.It was only 7:30 am and we were told that our room wasn't available, which was understandable, but they would do everything they could to get us in a room asap as we'd been travelling since 9am the previous day.We enjoyed a lovely breakfast on the terrace and sat back and relaxed.At 9:30 am we were told that the room wouldn't be ready until lunchtime now as they were waiting for people to vacate the room, it was suggested that we go to the pool and they would ring us.At this time I mentioned that when I booked the room it was stated to us that as it was our honeymoon we would be upgraded to an Ocean Junior Suite or a better room for no charge. They said ok and they would get back to us.We then arranged for our luggage to be brought up, got changed and went to the pool.We relaxed by the pool and at 10:55 am we received a call to say a room was ready, We were delighted as we were so tired, keen to unpack and rest. We also had afternoon tea booked at the Burj and we needed to freshen up.Our delight was short lived when we were told that If we wanted this room we would have to pay an additional 800 AED a night extra. I was really shocked and again reiterated that when I booked the room it was stated to us that as it was our honeymoon we would be upgraded for no charge. I was told rather bluntly this wasn’t the case and I had to pay or I had to wait until an other room was available.We decided to wait and was told to contact the executive floor after lunch.We went up to the Executive floor at 12:30 and was told that they couldn’t guarantee when the room would be ready but still offered us the better room for the extra 800 AED per night, I said I was disappointed that this had been offered to us, but was told that was it, not a great start to the honeymoon.At 12:45 another person took over at the desk and came to tell us that the room would be free soon as the cleaners were in there preparing it. We sat back until 13:30 and then went to see the front desk to which another person had taken over. I told her what I had been told, which she looked very confused and said this wasn't the case. I asked her to ring housekeeping to check. She said she would. 15 mins later she came back to us and said they were cleaning the room but that takes 2 hours and we would have to wait.We waited in the Exec floor and at 14:45 we asked if our room was ready, the girl said it was and I asked why we hadn't been told she said it had just come free which I thought was odd.That said the room was beautiful and was very luxurious having 2 large flat screen TV's and a Bose sound system.We quickly unpacked, freshened up and went out.On returning to the room, we found it to be overly hot, with an indicated 26c on the air conditioning despite us setting it at 21c. I rang the club floor and was told it would be sorted.Nobody came out and we endured a very restless sticky night and on going for breakfast we mentioned the problem again, to which we were told it might or indeed has been sorted. I said it hadn’t and they said it would be sorted today.We went off to the Wild Wadi to enjoy the water park, which was complimentary. We entered the park and gave our room number and was told that we were not on their computer so clearly weren't Al Qasr guests and had to pay. I said we were guests and asked them to ring the hotel to confirm, they refused to do so and asked for us to pay the admission costs. I showed them our room keys and the supervisor came over and finally let us in, another example of poor service.When we returned to the room it was lovely and cool and clearly the air con had been sorted.I went back to the Executive club floor to thank them for sorting this out and also mentioned the problems at Wild Wadi which they didn't seem interested in but would mention the Wild Wadi people.This was where I think there was a problem, there seemed to be a large number of people on the front desk of the Exec floor with different people changing every hour or so. There seemed only 1 person who I thought was befitting of an Exec floor, Kathryn I think her name was, she greeted us by name and came to chat to us and took a genuine interest in what we had done, she was very professional and offered to sort out reservations in the Burj for us.The day before we were due to leave we booked our airport transfer for 7am on the Tuesday morning. The girl on the Exec floor said it was all sorted and someone would be at our room at 6:30-6:45am to collect our luggage and we could check out at 6:45am in good time for our car.On the Tuesday morning our luggage was not collected so at 6:45am we headed with our bags to the Executive Floor which to our surprise was closed, we then headed off with our suitcases all the way to reception where we asked if we could check out, which we did. We then inquired as to what had happened with the Executive floor and why our baggage wasn't picked up to which he said I don’t know it looked like nothing was booked.We then asked him about our car, he looked very puzzled, then took us outside to speak with the concierge guys who told us that our car hadn’t been booked.Obviously this was a concern as we needed to check in before 7:30am. The guys downstairs in reception seemed very embarrassed by this and apologised for it not been sorted, they then got us a car and finally we were on our way home.This is where I've found it difficult to sum up the hotel, we paid over £4000 for 5 nights at the hotel. The room was luxurious, air con good when working and general staff, waiters and waitresses were very helpful and constantly chatted to us. However the hotel is charging prices and positioning itself at Four Seasons Level and in some areas its meeting this, mainly housekeeping, public areas, some staff. But where it matters in the public face of the hotel, i.e. Club Executive Floor staff its far from meeting these standards. On our flight back we thought long and hard about whether to put these comments on trip advisor and we came to the conclusion that for the money we paid the Service was not up the required standard. We thought Dubai was magnificent and do plan to return but at the moment we won’t be considering the Al Qasr.	
May 5 2009 	Top class hotel top class service	This is the third time I have stayed at al Qasr. My husband and I stayed for 11 nights in April. The hotel is beautiful, from the public areas to the bedrooms, you cannot beat the decor and cleanliness.The staff at the hotel are first class, there is every nationality under the sun, but all must go through thorough training because everyone and I mean everyone is polite, helpful, spotlessly clean and eager to make your stay at Al Qasr a perfect one. My only critisim of the hotel is that there are a lot of families with small children. Whilst thats not a problem in itself, the problem I have is there is no where to escape the children. The pool and beach are very very noisy with children screaming and shouting. I appreciate that children make noise but it would be very easy for the hotel to cordon off a section of the beach and the pool and make it child free. The pool is huge at Al Qasr and sectioning a small peice off would be very easy as would the beach. My husband and I always go on holiday during term time when the children are in school, however, it seems to be getting more and more popular to take children out of schoool due to the cost, but that doesn't help us poor souls who are looking for a bit of rest and quiet during our vacation. If you are looking for a fabulous hotel, in a fabulous setting, immaculatly clean with excellent service then this is the hotel for you. Just be aware that noise is a probable factor.	
May 5 2009 	Very luxurious but overpriced hotel.	I stayed here with my spouse at an ocean deluxe suite for 1 night complementary to having booked their ballroom for our wedding.Positive points:-The hotel itself is very nicely decorated in Arabic style (one of the best in Dubai) and has a great location in the Madinat Jumeirah resort which has a good selection of restaurants and scenic shopping area for a romantic stroll or boat ride.-Room service is good and the menu has an interesting selection.-Great views.Negative points:-The suite was very small, it was almost a room with a door separating a small sitting area from the bedroom and bathroom.-The TV was not a flatscreen plasma as you would expect from a 5 star hotel suite in Dubai.-It is very expensive for what you get and the price is not justified. I would never stay there if it wasn't complementary.	
May 3 2009 	Magical	If we could give 6 stars to this hotel we certainly would! We stayed here for almost a week and from the beginning to the end were greeted so warmly and welcomed each time by all the staff throughout the entire hotel complex. Amazing beauty and decor graces the grounds of this hotel, it’s magical. There is so much to see and do in the surrounds, and plenty of places where to eat and drink, relax or party. The staff at the neighbouring hotel Mina A’ Salam were not very friendly when passing through or asking for directions in comparison. Choosing the Al Qasr helped make our stay most memorable.	
May 2 2009 	Fantastic place Absolutely perfectfirst class in every way	We arrived early and was met by very professional staff who showed us to the early arrival room where we were able to have a shower and change into pool wear and then we went off and enjoyed the facilities. The staff called us to our mobile as soon as the room was ready and when we went up to the room our cases had been delivered. We went with two other couples who had stayed in the hotel before and had told us how great the place is and we had read all of the reviews on trip advisor. Even so we could not believe how fantastic the whole place is. Food, staff, hotel facilities,spa treatments, location,ambience in fact everything about the whole place is top class. Its not cheap but its not expensive in comparison to other 5 star hotels in Dubai. we have stayed in dubai before and enjoyed it but would not have been in a big rush back had it not been for our friends had chosen the destination but I have to say already i am planning to return around the Christmas time with the family. Although we had no kids with us this time there was plenty for kids there and one of the things that impressed me the fact that there was ten lifegaurds at the pool and there was lifejackets available free of charge at the pool side. if you are thinking of going to Dubai in my opinion you will not find anywhere better.	
Apr 14 2009 	Simply the Best!	We spent our Easter Holidays with our two adult children at Al Qasr, and truly enjoyed every minute!The hotel is extremely well run, the staff exceptionally attentive and helpful. I would strongly recommend the executive floor which offers a nice setting for breakfast (full breakfast available) as well as afternoon snacks and drinks in a more private athmosphere. We have been impressed by the excellent food at Pier Chic and Pieces, liked the no-nonsense food at the beach restaurant and were stunned by the view from the bar at the top of Burj Al Arab, but also by the prices for the drinks up there.All in all a great experience which we will certainly repeat!	
Apr 12 2009 	If you're in Dubai this is the place to stay	Very nice hotel - it has tried to capture a flavour of Arabia so doesn't feel like &quot;just another hotel&quot;. The place is kept immaculate, very clean and well maintained. We stayed over Easter and it was very busy, and we did have some long waits in restaurants. Pool area gets very busy especially with kids, but the water is very warm. Negatives about the hotel are minor - very slow internet, slow and eratic pool and beach service and everything is very expensive - tea or soft drink on the beach about £5. Lots of places to eat in the complex and food generally good, but we found its best to book in advance. Our favourite was Pierchic on the pier - but be warned - you need plenty of cash - cheapest bottle of wine we could see about £60+. Check-in went wrong for us - we didn't get the rooms we requested and our two grown up sons had to share a double bed on the first night after arriving at 1.30 in the morning, but this got sorted in the morning after complaining to management. Minimum age for drinking here is 21 and is rigidly enforced. This caused a problem for us as we had one son just over and one under, so we weren't all able to have a drink together in the bars after diner and there was nothing else to do except wander round the resort. We did two tours with Arabian Adventures (there is a rep in the hotel to book with) - the dhow dinner cruise and sundowner safari which we can highly recommend - very well done and very professional. To sum up a very nice place to stay and happy to recomend it.	
Apr 9 2009 	Absolutely loved it	My husband and I stayed here for the first 4 nights of our honeymoon at the end of August last year. We (particularly I!) loved this hotel. We booked a deluxe seaview room which was a fantastic size with massive bed, small seating area and balcony with the promised seaview (which to be fair we didn't really use as it was August and over 40 degrees!). The bathroom was stunning and very well designed. We had breakfast in our room every day which could be ordered at pretty much any time of the day. Service was great at all times and we were given a bottle of champagne in our room on arrival which was a nice touch. The resort itself is gorgeous and lacks pretty much nothing. We loved travelling around the resort and to the Burj next door by golf buggy and boat. We ate at the Thai and Chinese restaurants in the resort and both were pricey but very good (especially the Chinese). Would I stay here again? A big, fat absolutely.	
Apr 1 2009 	Wow	This hotel is fantastic! Went for my husbands 50th birthday, it was so good we are returning next year staying in the Mina a Salem. The whole complex you could not fault it.	
Mar 25 2009 	A great stay!	I stayed at the Al Qasr in Mid March having previously staying at the Dar Al Masyaf in Sept 08. I do not have much to add to the other reviews other than to say that the hotel is almost perfect, as before everything was spot on, the rooms are large and very well appointed, excellent bathrooms, the staff are fantastic, attention to detail is incredible and it’s all delivered in an unassuming and very friendly manner. My only small criticism is the breakfast, whilst it is extensive and offers a huge variety and is good it manages to somehow feel mass produced with there never being any variation: potatoes with peppers every day this could be changed to hash browns or sautéed on alternate days for example. I moved on to Al Manzil a 4 star Hotel in Burj Dubai for the last couple of days of our holiday and the breakfast there was much better, very fresh with smoothies and juices made to order, the chiefs at the Al Qasr should pay them a visit to see how it should be done.	
Mar 25 2009 	Belated Review	My self and my girlfriend went to Dubai and stayed in the Al Qasr for her 30th birthday last year, only got round to writing this review when looking for this years destination.After much deliberation we settled on Dubai due to my girlfriends love of doing nothign at the beach or pool and my love of cities and activity. Dubai offers the best of both worlds.When we arrived we had as part of our package a private car transfer for the substantial 5 or 6 miles trip to the hotel. This cost us about 50 or 60 pounds for the return trip but to be honest its a waste of money get a cab. We got a cab one night to cross the city for a meal and even though we stopped at a mosque for 10 mins it was barley 5 pounds and the cabs are very nice.From the moment we arrived we were treated like lords. As we had arrived early, about 9am, our room was not yet ready. Rather than telling us to wait in the lobby or come back later they took our bags to storage and took us to the private breakfast balcony where they gave us a complimentery breakfast after which our room was ready.The room was huge, with a massive bed, writing desk, small dining table, ample storage and a bathroom larger than many hotel rooms i have stayed in before. The room was cleaned and turned down twice every day, with ice, news papers, water and hotel info left every morning. The hotel is part of a complex comprising 3 hotels and a souk or market with it's own theatre. The place is huge and you can actually get briefly lost if not carful but it is very safe with security visable if not standing out. There are also several resteraunts and bars within the complex. The restaraunts were very nice though a little pricey, especially for alcohol. On the very first night, left the table to go to the toilet, I came back and my girlfriend had ordered the house white wine, only to find out that it was about £60. The hotel pool was imaculate and as everything seems to be in Dubai - huge, with no less than 7 life gaurds on a pool no deeper than 1.5m.Though the complex is huge there is a golf buggy system that is excellent which picks you up from almost any door and deliveeries you to where you like for free, there is also the abras/boats on the cannals which again are free, and lastly there is a mini bus to take you to the mall of emeriates again for nothing.The hotel was very nice but most of all the staff were the best I have ever had the pleasure of meeting. It is nothing to do with the country as I met russians, polish, nigerian, indian, indonisien, chinise, german and more people working withing the hotel but it is clearly the hotel training and policy. The only gripe I had was the view from the room which was non existant due to vegitation and being on the ground floor, but I should have asked to be moved when we saw it, they would have no doubt accomodated me.Dubai as a city is an amazing place though if advising friends I have always said to leave it 2 or 3 years as really they are still constructing the place, the burj dubai, dubai land, the new aiport (rumored to be bigger than heathrow and o hare put together), the palm and the mono rail are still to open.Also avoid going between May and september if possible. We were there the first week in June and the temperature peaked at 47 degrees with humidity of 90% +. I am a keen golfer but could not think of playing any thing in the heat.	
Mar 21 2009 	Always delivers	I can only agree with all the positive remarks already posted about this stunning hotel. I can't really add any further pluses, it's all been said.This was our second stay at Al Qasr and was the second leg our honeymoon, having spent a few blissful days in Oman. This is my husband's favouite hotel in the world, having traveled extensively.I just feel I should mention one thing however- despite the majority of the staff being fantastic and always willing to do anything for you, our only negative experience was at check in, with a female member of staff (can't remember her name, started with a 'P'). We arrived from Oman at 2pm and were seated in the beautiful waiting area and offered drinks etc. But then, we were forgotten about! We were eventually told, whilst finally checking in, by this woman, (rather rudely), almost an hour later, that our room was not ready (it was 3 pm by now and we were on our honeymoon!) and were told to 'wait'. No offer of an apology, nothing really - we had to push her to give us a free (buffet) lunch, and she didn't even include drinks! Also, when we inquired about our 'sirius' account, which is Jumeirah's loyalty system, we were told that there was no record of our account and despite having accrued a LOT of points during our previous stay, she made no effort no rectify the situation. She just wasn't interested - didn't even congratulate us on our recent nuptuals!Anyway, this was the only negative of our otherwise lovely stay, but not expected for a couple arriving for their honeymoon. Maybe I'd been spoilt by the perfect service we received at Six Senses Hideaway Zighy Bay, Oman, which was truly, truly amazing in each and every way.	
Mar 17 2009 	OMG its not possible to describe how magnficent this hotel is.....	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for a week, and despite being regular exclusive hotel patrons (The Pierre Four Seasons in Manhattan, Atlantis in Bahamas, Raffles and W in Hong Kong....), this hotel amazed us. There is no hotel like this on earth. Everything about it has been designed to amaze, from the magnificent architecture, to the fanatical attention to detail, this place tops everything. The whole complex is surrounded by water and navigated by Arbors (boats) which provide a wonderful way to get around. The water is changed 6 x per day so it's kept fresh from smells, and we wandered to one of the beautiful pools at about 10pm one evening to find life guards stationed every 20 metres, life raft in hand, ready in case someone decided to take a swim. Very friendly atmosphere and excellent staff (who won't accept tips). This is easily my number 1 hotel. Thank you all very much for your hospitality.	
Mar 13 2009 	Top Quality at Al Qasr	Another holiday booked with the ever-professional Mark Sumpter at The Holiday Place ([-]). Perfect. Just perfect.Travel Agents are just as important to me as the destination, and I have booked through these guys a few times now, and have no hesitation in recommending them.Hotel:Amazing rooms, plush, very spacious, and a spectacular view over the Burj Al Arab from our balcony. Immaculate grounds and staff, and service second to none.Beautiful food in numerous restaurants.Pristine beach and pools, and a stunning spa.Nothing was too much for the staff - trips, excursions into the desert, a bit of scuba diving and spa bookings - all were handled with the utmost of professionalism.Good bits: EverythingBad Bits: NoneTips - great shopping on site. Brilliant kids club. massive choice of restaurants, all of which are excellent (the ones we ate in anyway!).Gondolas make an excellent way to get to dinner or the spa on the inland waterways, and the spa was just amazing.On site waterpark perfect for the kids (and even the big kids in us!) and beaches are immaculate.Dubai - loved it. Amazing scenery, but perhaps a bit 'clinical' if there was anything to say negative, but even that is a stretch!	
Mar 9 2009 	Everything about it blew me away!!!	My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights in May 2008 as part of our honeymoonl; Dubai being my husbands choice for a destination. I tend to appreciate hotels that are built on a more intimate scale, however I was truly amazed by this place from start to finish. Everything about the hotel is out of this world and seems worthy of a photograph. You will never walk past a member of staff, no matter their job, who will not stop what they're doing to smile and give a polite &quot;hello.&quot; We were upgraded to business class due to staying for the 4 nights, which meant we had access to the business lounge. We wished we had made more use, especially for the lunch and the evening drinks inc cocktails, but as our time was limited we only managed a couple of visits. The grounds are truly awesome although I'd say they've gone a little overboard on the lifeguards; there must be one every 2 meters apart, which leaves you feeling a little too watched. We found the beach a better option and you are so looked after with free ice lollys, evian face spray, cold towels - they even offer to clean your sunglasses. The water's a gorgeous blue colour and with so much salt it's impossible to sink in, but it can be a bit stingy on the eyes. Dubai is an expensive place so be prepared to spend money and there seems to be no in between when it comes to shops; they are either luxury boutiques or cheap markets. That being said, the shopping centres are well worth a visit! I was a bit dissapointed with the hotel souk market as everything was very expensive and I love nothing more than wandering around markets in search of a bargain. I'd recommend the bus tour, excellent for getting around and seeing all the sights, and you can jump on and off as you like. We also had free tickets for the Wadi Water park which was great fun. If you are due to stay at this hotel you will not be dissappointed!!!	
Mar 7 2009 	Loved it!!!!!!!!!	I was worried that all the reviews of this hotel were over the top and misleading so I arrived at the hotel with excitement and trepidation. We were given a welcome drink and cold towel which was gratefully received considering the temperature must have been at least 35 degrees! We went to our room and were immediately impressed with the space and the decor and we had a huge balcony overlooking the waterways. After we had unpacked we went exploring and loved taking trips on the Abra boat around the hotel. Then we went around the pool and again were grateful for the Evian spritzer and free ice lollies that were being handed out by the staff.That evening we ate like kings at one of the on-site restaurants - I had the lobster whilst my wife opted for the vegetarian option. We washed all of this down with a couple of bottles of the hotel's quality house wine and retired for a final drink on our balcony before bed.On our final night we went to eat at the Burj-al-Arab. This meal was much more expensive than the meal at our hotel and in my opinion was not as nice despite the price tag. Overall, I recommend the Al Qasr to anyone who is looking for a relaxing five star break.	
Mar 7 2009 	Deff a good choice for couples and first time visitors to Dubai	I can only re-iterate what has already been said, this is a superb hotel with excellent service. We booked up for the Executive Arabian Deluxe, which gave us access to the special lounge where the staff were friendly and attentive. The room was clean and comfortable and I highly recommend this hotel for couples after a quiet stay, but with the added benefit of have plenty of restaurants within a short Abra ride (provided free for guests). Children are catered for though with a special pool area with a more pool entertainment than there is in the main pool.My wife had a birthday whilst she was there and the Hotel even put roses, cake and card in the room, much to our surprise (and delight). Its these little touches that make this such a good hotel.For first time visitors to Dubai, I would certainly recommend this hotel as everything is catered for, making the unfamiliar far more comfortable.	
Feb 19 2009 	Palace of all Palaces	To get to the point I will review the Madinat Jumeirah Resort as a whole. As a regular guest since 2004 at this fantastic resort complex on Dubai`s best beach, I can only agree 100% with all the positive comments from other reviews. Whether you choose to stay at Al Qasr, Mina A Salaam or Dar Al Masyaf, you will have the most amazing experience and service beyond excellence. I have been fortunate to have stayed in all 3 accomodation types apart from the exclusive Royal Villas. ( I was taken on a tour by one of the managers though.. amazing). This is the kind of resort where one feels at home, surrounded by luxury, the most friendly staff and the best location in Dubai. There is no doubt that this resort stands in a class of its own. I will not go into details about all the services on offer as so much has been mentioned before and you can believe it. Take it from me, I have been there 10 times and will always return . Nothing comes close.	
Feb 1 2009 	Re-Charge Location	As fairly seasoned travellers, we feel that we should document that our stay at Al Qasr rated very high on our &quot;most want to return to&quot; holiday destinations. The opulent approach with the twelve stallions and the impressive exterior led into an equally impressive interior with friendly efficient staff. Al Qasr is a member of the Jumeirah Group and shares a very clean private white sandy beach with its sister hotels. The beach has a plentiful supply of sun loungers, with permanent wooden sun shades. Continuous surveillance of the beach is provided by life-guards and the beach cafe is of high quality with very attentive staff.-The cocktails are superior to the Burj!If the beach is not of interest there is also a very large lagoon pool surrounded by restaurants and bars.My wife and l booked a room giving access to the executive lounge and l would recommend this choice. Our bedroom was spacious with wonderful sea views. The bed and extra comfortable pillows ensured a good nights sleep and our preferred British newspaper was delivered every morning.The executive lounge served breakfast, tea and coffee all day and afternoon tea from 3-5 pm. We found we did not need lunch and the afternoon tea with warm cream scones, sandwiches cakes and fruit was more than adequate in preparation for &quot;happy hour&quot; (or hours) when complimentary cocktails, champagne and drinks along with canapes were served from 6-8 pm- I don't wish to remember how much l spent on drinks during my stay in Burj Al Arab. Alcohol is very expensive in UAE. Executive status also provided access to concierge services at the entrance to the lounge and any queries were enthusiastically dealt with. Checking out and the airport transfer was never so effortless. The discrete attention by all the staff produced an efficient well organised machine under the careful attention of the front desk manager and l cannot speak too highly of them all.Numerous places are available to eat both inside the hotel and around the complex and most are accessed by abras,or small boats,continually running along the man-made waterways linking the various parts of the hotel.Shopaholics will not be disappointed during their stay at Al Qasr. As well as the usual hotel shops there is a very large Souk adjacent with all kinds of goods to purchase from pashminas to children's toys and within a short taxi ride the Mall of the Emirates can put severe stress on the credit card!!We fully intend to return to Al Qasr later this year........for us it was a wonderfully relaxing break pre Christmas and the temperature, at around 26 degrees most days,was ideal for spending some time on the beach, without discomfort, whilst getting that much sought after winter tan!!	
Jan 26 2009	Special birthday	Absolutely FabulousWe stayed at this fantastic hotel from 27th December and over the new year with all my family 7 in total and the baby grandaughter. The trip was for my big birthday, so I wanted it to be very special, and the Al Qasr certainly lived up to my expectations. I researched for a couple of weeks and read all the reviews and then booked premier leisure for us all way back in April 2008. The staff were fantastic, extremely polite and could not do enough for us all. The swimming pools are fab and quite warm, the food is very expensive, and also the drinks, but we did eat out in other madinat restaurants, but prefered the food in our hotel. The New Year celebration was unbelievable, Food was amazing and free champagne and wine all evening, every time you put your glass down it was filled up again, there was so much bling it was amazing. We visited the Mina and the Burj, but much prefered our hotel. We visited the souks and Mall of the Emirates,there are loads of restaurants there and its only £3.00 in the taxi, best to book a table, they really get very busy. I only wish we could have stayed a little longer. My husband was a little disappointed with the fishing, as we all went out on a fabulous boat to fish and they only caught a few little ones, apparently the building work have frightened all the big fishes away. We had 2 small problems, the first being we had booked a sea view room and I would have had to stand on a chair to see the sea, and we were offered a better room at 10.45 p.m. I couldnt face packing and moving again. The second was that the concierge had recommended Rebeccas for an authentic restaurant and the taxi driver dropped us off and we walked around for over an hour trying to find it and then gave up?	
Jan 25 2009 	Amazing!!!!!!!!	We stayed here as part of our honeymoon for 7 nights ( we spent a week in the Maldives before this) and we cant wait to go back! This hotel is the best we have ever stayed in and we have stayed in quite a few 5 star hotels. They describe this hotel as being fit for a king - and it is! The moment we walked into the foyer we knew it was going to be fantastic. We were greeted by freindly staff, taken to a room and given a cold drink and cool towels, then taken to another area to check in. The foyer area is beautiful, all marble with fresh flowers everywhere. The rooms are gorgeous with the most comfortable bed &amp; sheets we have have ever slept in! The bathrooms spacious and very nice, two sinks, walk in shower and all the toiletries you will need, including razors, colgate toothpaste, tooth brushes, shampoo, shower gel etc. We upgraded and had an ocean view room which also looks over the resort and pool area etc. To be honest we only upgraded so we could see the Burj from our balcony but were given a room the faces away from the Burj so next time i go back i will just book a standard room because it really wouldnt matter where abouts in the hotel youre room is as they all have nice views, either of the sea, gardens, or waterways its all beautiful! Overall large, fantastic rooms.Food / Restaurants/BarsThe resort has numerous restaurants and bars and has every type of cuisine you could want. You can go to the restaurants in the burj, jumeriah beach &amp; mina a salam but it is better to book these before hand. We especially enjoyed the steak restaurant and the chinese in mina a salam. The food was excellent in all the restaurants and good value for money.The buffets were fantastic at breakfast, so much choice and all very nice! 5 star for food. The bars were also very good and had traditional bars &amp; modern bars. The ones we liked best were the Bank and a wine bar in the Souk. Drinks, cocktails, wine &amp; beers all excellent!Pool area.The pool is gorgeous, very very clean and never too busy. The sunloungers are so comfortable, they give you as many towels as you like and also have pillows &amp; extra cushions if you need them. You dont even have to put your towel on your bed, the pool staff are fantastic and do everything for you! The food &amp; drinks around the pool are excellent and the waiters come around all the time so you dont even have to get up and go for a drink! Overall this hotel is amazing, we cant wait to go back and would recommend this to anyone, couples and families. If you have children there is a kids club which looked excellent fun and very safe. We now have a baby daughter and cant wait to take her, and i would have no worries at all with her at this hotel.All staff are fantastic, even the security guards open the doors for you and say hello everytime you walk past them. As a travel agent i looked at many hotels in great detail before booking this one, and i can honestly say that i am so pleased that i booked the Al Qasr . It is the best by a mile, even better that the Burj! We went there for a meal &amp; drinks and had a look around but i much preferred Al qasr.Just book it and have a truly amazing, luxurious holiday!	
Jan 24 2009	Ideal location but service is lacking	The hotel is great on the beachbut sometimes the staff is rude especially Russian staff who don't know how to treat customers paying 600 euros per night	
Jan 21 2009 	5 Star Service All Around	The Al Qasr hotel managed by the Jumierah hotel group is an exquisite hotel. From check in to check out I received 5 star service. Upon check in you are greeted, helped with your bags, and given a hotel towel. After being escorted to my room with a brief tour of the property I walked into a very spacious suite that was spotless. Hands down the cleanest hotel room I have ever walked into. The toiletries are immaculate, bed is comfortable, and the internet worked perfectly. My only complaint was sleeping with the door open and being frightened by the call to prayer around 4 am. HA! The pool and beach scene at the hotel is comfortable. If you ever need anything I believe the employee to guest ratio is aroun 4 to 1 so this is not a problem. I was joking with my dad that is he dropped his fork the waiter would catch it for him before it hits the ground. My only advise for anyone that is giong to stay here is to make sure you do not forget anything in the room when you go to the beach or pool. The property is extremely large and it is super annoying to forget your wallet or something in the room.	
Jan 18 2009	The best hotel ever	We booked Al Qasr for a short trip (7days only). It was the first time for us to travel to Dubai. It was an amazing time. We arrived at the hotel in the morning. The tall doormen who opened us the taxi door were friendly and welcomed us in Al Qasr. The bellboys who took our luggages were also nice and friendly. At all the friendlyness of the staff was wonderful!!! Everyone is smiling and helpful. To our suprise we were escorted directly to the room and the check in happened there. The young girl from Guest Relation explained us the hotel facilities and answered our question The rooms that we got had a nice view to the Burj al Arab and the waterways of the resort. Romantic! The room decoration was in an arabic style. You will never find this in Europe!!! Beautifull. The Restaurants that we visited were delicious and good. Our favorite was the MJ Staekhouse. Good steaks and super service. We spent most of our time in the resort. The pool facilities are wonderful to relax. The beach staff helped us with the towels and brought us ice, cold towels and polished our sunglasses!!!! Amazing service. Overall we had a wonderfull time in Al Qasr. Friendly staff, delicous food and beautifull rooms. We will come back.	
Jan 14 2009 	Best I have stayed at in Dubai	Just back from a great few days of winter sun in Dubai.I have stayed at half a dozen hotels in Dubai (including the Burj al Arab) but this was by far the best.Staff were magnificent from arrival to departure. Hotel was stunning and grounds immaculate. Choice of restaurants covers all possible tastes.Spa is fantastic with loads of treatments, even for my pregnant wife.Room was a good size and well furnished with a HUGE bed.The canals and boat transport work well and are a fun novelty.Beach and pool are very well laid out and staff are extremely attentive.We were there without our children but if we go back we will definitely take them as the place seemed to cater for them very well.I wasn't sure whether to book Atlantis, One and Only Royal Mirage or Al Qasr. If you are in the same position book the Al Qasr - you will not regret it.	
Jan 11 2009 	Al Qasr The Best Hotel in Dubai	We first visited Dubai in December 1999 and instantly fell in love with the quality of the hotels, wonderful all year round climate and fantastic people, Since then we visit Dubai 3 to 4 times a year in April June October and for Christmas. Dubai has many luxury Hotels to choose from but from someone who has visited many, Al Qasr cannot be beaten. It has been constructed with exceptional architecture and has been very tastefully furnished. Not dripping with gold leaf like others, but outstanding beauty from the minute you enter the Hotel Foyer to the luxurious rooms and suites. The hotel has a wonderful large pool it's own private beach and superb restaurants catering for every taste, a fantastic kids club in a totally safe enviroment.The hotel belongs to the Jumeirah group and their standard throughout their hotels is second to none, however in our opinion Al Qasr is their Jewel in the Crown. Al Qasr has a relaxed very friendly atmosphere. Over the years we have have become good friends with many of the staff who welcome us with open arms. We would suggest that you join the executive club at the hotel which enables you to have canopies and evening drinks in the executive lounge or if you have young children in the premium leisure lounge (geared for younger families) it also allows you to have free soft drinks throughout the day in the premium leisure lounge and afternoon tea/sandwiches etc. as well as other benefits for a family. We have recmommended to many of our friends and business associates and without fail everyone has been overwhelmed by the warmth and friendleness of staff and beauty of the hotel and surroundings. For family holidays or business trips Al Qasr is perfect	
Dec 19 2008	Died and gone to Heaven	Oh my.....book this place now. Stop looking at the others.I am a tough nut to crack as you can see from my other reviews and this place ticked all the right boxes from the second we were picked up at the airport till we left. For us, the AQ was the perfect holiday. It was luxurious, the service was excellent and it was a beautiful, fully intergrated resort complex with shopping, spa, beach, gym, restaurants and the Wild Wadi for the kids next door. The airport pick up is smooth and fast. You are taken through an 'express counter' for customs so there is no queue. The luggage is picked up and you do not see it again until you arrive in your room. In the car you are given Perrier, vanilla towels and an organic seed and nut energy bar for a snack. Once you arrive you are welcomed at the car by a hostess and taken immediately to the room where you are checked in there and shown the room.The amenties are high quality and presented beautifully in Arabian bottles (plastic bottles) Nice range of teas, kettle, no coffee maker, good mini bar. Ironing board and iron are already in the room so no need to call for that to be brought up for once. The bed is the best I have slept in, hotel wise and it is so good that they actually sell all of the bedding in the boutique due to high demand. Room service food was great. Fabulous breakfast and lovely Arabian dinner menu. Hommous was like velvet.The souk is fun, perhaps go and stock up on the most amazing Arabian sweets at Vivel and Munch and Crunch. Try to have Afternoon Tea at the Burj Al Arab and consider the Pierchic restaurant (book a table on the terrace facing the Burj) Pierchic was stunning. We also took the Seawings seaplane 30 mins trip over Dubai and that was spectacular. You can book it with the Arabian Adventures tour desk in the concierge.The spa was 'OK' but we have had better in the past. Lovely range of products however I didn't appreciate the hard sell of them and the way they follow you around the boutique, trying to get you to buy. That ruined it. However the spa treatment itself, and the therapist were very good, even if the treatment room itself was average. Arrive by water taxi to the spa for that special ooomph.The beach is fabulous, plenty of room, the same goes for the pool and we had a lovely lunch at the pool side restaurant in the late afternoon. Very enjoyable.Overall, what a wonderful trip. This goes down as one of the best hotels we have stayed at.	
Dec 16 2008 	better than the burj	The typical place to stay in Dubai is obviously the Burj, however having stayed there, I would strongly advise you to stay in Al Qasr. I first stayed there in the summer of 2007 and was not expecting it to be as majestic as it was. Since I was going with my best friend and we are both students living in london, we were cautious about prices and so booked the cheapest room (£400 roughly a night). However I can honestly say it was bigger and better than some of the suites i've stayed in when comparing hotels in paris and london!! We were treated like royalty and saw the odd celebrity or two by the pool (owen wilson and anoushka shankar) ...the food is great, theres something for everyone from sushi to lebanese and the shisha is just amazing. i'm an avid shisha smoker and i've never had such brilliant shisha like the ones in al qasr. Just go.	
Nov 24 2008 	Best hotel we have ever stayed at !!!!!	We arrived at Dubai airport and had our luggage whisked away from us - that was the last time we lifted our suitcases for our entire stay! We were taken in our private car to the door of the Hotel!We were at the Al Qsar for our Honeymoon and we couldn't have asked for anything better. The hotel looks amazing, the staff are friendly and can't do enough for you. They make you feel so welcome and it's not becasue they are after a tip, but simply because they want you to enjoy every moment of your trip!We weren't offered an upgarde despite it being our Honeymoon, but the couple next to us were given an upgrade - when they were visiting for no special occasion!The rooms, bathrooms &amp; beds are big &amp; very luxurious. They have room service twice a day and the maid leaves an animal made from towels daily on the bed.The food is fantastic. Breakfast had lots of variety to cater for everyone and they are very efficient at getting you tea/coffee &amp; anything else you could want!The pool area is huge and very clean. There are so many lifeguards around the pool too. The staff come round to you every hour to provide you with cold towels for your face, then cooled cucumber pieces for your eyes, then fruit on skewers and then an ice lollie. The pool restaurant does wonderful food!We had dinner in Pier Chic one night and was given the option of the 'special'. We assumed that the price of the dish would be similar to that of the other dishes on the menu, but when the bill came we found that this one course was over £150. The food however was fantastic and I would certainly return, but will be prepared for a rather expensive meal!The kouba bar in the hotel is good too and do lots of cocktails. Again very friendly staff.There are buggys available to take you to any other part of the resort, water park/ Burj Al Arab/ Souk Medinat etc. as well as the water ways. We got a buggy to the Burj for cocktails one night, which I highly recommend (but you will have to book before hand) and the door man arranged a car to take us back to the Al Qasr, which was a lovely way to end our evening.The buddha bar in the Souk Medinat is also good for a night out drinking.Th hotel puts on a bus to take you the Mall of the Emirates which is a good place to visit. We had a few hours skiing too on the indoor ski slope.It was a very expensive 5 days because we stayed within the resort a lot of the time. However, we didn't hold back on our spending and made the most of our Honeymoon. If you are drinkers, try to take a bottle with you rather than using the mini bar as this is very expensive - we paid £10 for a vodka &amp; lemonade from the minibar every day!We also had dinner one night at Gordon Ramsay in the Hilton Duabi Creek which is worth a visit.All in all - a wonderful place to go and we will certainly be back again one day - once we've saved up again!	
Nov 24 2008	Amazing hotelterrible restaurants in the complexnot impressed by Dubai	We spent a couple of nights at this hotel after 6 nights at the Ritz Carlton. In terms of service and ambiance,the Ritz Carlton is like an overpriced Motel 6 compared to this place.We should have stayed here in first place. No matter how big,disneyzed-vegasized-sanityzed the place is,this hotel offers an impeccable service. Of course,for 600 Euro per night it better be. Everyone was courteous and ready to help,except for the bell people wich were just hustling for tips. Check in was a breeze and we were escorted to our room by a very smiley hostess. Rooms are a bit on the arabic style but you get used to it.Just one thing was bad in the Madinat Jumeriah complex : restaurants. We hate in several of them even before we stayed here and each one of them has been a total disappointment. Lousy food at best,sort of pricey too.All in all a great hotel experience and it is worth to fly all the way down here just to stay at this hotel. I did'nt really feel the &quot;Dubai thing&quot; everyone talks about nowday. Beside shopping and chillin' at your hotel pool there's not that much to do or to be wowed about in this place.	
Nov 17 2008	Outdated Rooms	While I agree with other reviews that this is a great family experience, I couldnt help but notice there is no mention of the outdated in-room technologies such as ancient tube TV, no on-demand movies, lackluster lighting controls. Perhaps Jumeirah should take a lesson in technical innovation from the Peninsula group. It seems that much of the budget was spent on public areas and as a result the rooms are actually pretty ordinary.	
Nov 2 2008 	Loved the Madinat	This is the most amazing hotel. I booked an Arabian Ocean Villa (single). The room was amazing !! The checkin was completed in my room, so efficeient, and they really looked after me knowing that I was a single lady.There is a souk attached to the Madinat with over 70 shops and restaurants - and air conditioned.The service was excellent, and can't wait to go back .	
Oct 29 2008 	Luxury at its best!	It's taken me awhile to actually write this review due to time constraints but I feel I owe this to anyone who is looking for a luxurious vacation in Dubai. I am quite a traveller and have been to every continent and stayed in many different types of hotels. I have high expectations when I am paying more. This hotel is hands down the most incredible place I have ever stayed. We have been twice and both times stayed in the executive floor and had access to the executive lounge. I really believe that a part of heaven will be like this hotel. From the gondola rides to get around, the authentic souk in the hotel, the service that is exceptional and the breakfast, canapes at tea time and hors d'oeuvres before dinner are incredible. To this day, I crave their food. The service for our room has always been unbelievable and anything we wanted, they were willing to find a way to accommodate. Every few months, I miss this place and my husband and I have decided to try to come once a year because it is that worth it. I feel like a kid in a candy store everytime I stay at this hotel because it is the highest level of luxury that I could have ever imagined. I am looking forward to my return and already missing it all over again.	
Oct 28 2008 	Am I in the middle east?	I stayed 5 nights at Al Qasr recently, I was there for business - but it felt like play. All the other reviews are spot on, I just wanted to add some color. This doesn't feel like a property in a middle eastern country - its packed with westerners wearing skimpy resort attire, speaking in their native tongues and SMOKING up every cigarette they brought. Don't expect to be anywhere near the &quot;real&quot; Dubai. This resort could be set in anywhere in the world (like Las Vegas), there is nothing authentically Arabic about this place. The design feels very fake and contrived (which it is). If you like to work out - DO NOT MISS THE GYM. Its in one of the sister properties (you can take a boat or buggy over to it). But easily the best hotel gym I have ever seen. Be sure to visit the Burj Al Arab while you are at Jumeriah - either for lunch or a drink. But expect to $$$PAY$$$ for the experience.	
Oct 25 2008 	Amazing!	A remarkable hotel with a true arabic feel...Again as per my reveiw for the Mina As Alam the service that is received is second to none.A palatial,wonderfull holiday destination.	
Oct 23 2008 	Wow... nice digs	Al Qasr at Madinat Jumeirah is really, really nice. The hotel is lovely and the decor makes you very aware that you are in Dubai. I stayed five days for work...The Pros: 1. The boat rides (called Abras) around Madinat Jumeirah (which are free) are amazing... it's almost like being in Venice... VERy relaxing.2. The pool and beach are fantastic and there are many hotel employees ready to help you get settled with chairs and towels.3. The bed is SUPER comfortable as are the linens.4. Gorgeous hotel rooms. Nice bathtub and shower.5. Breakfast, which comes the room rate has a wide variety, sort of like Las Vegas.6. Great views of sunsets.7. No shortage of outdoor activities (of course you have to pay plenty.)8. There are many, many different types of places to eat and in all price ranges, so you never have to leave (a la' Disneyland.) The nicer places book up fast and you need reservations weeks in advance.The Cons:1. Super expensive. This is for sure a tourist trap.2. Service inside the hotel / operations are a bit iffy. I don't think it's intentional but many major goofs along the way.3. The hotel is complicated. Not a ton of clear signs to tell you where you are. Lobby is on 3 and every corner looks the same.4. The people who stay at Madinat Jumeirah are pretty rude and don't care much if they cut in front of you or bump into you. They drop doors regularly on you, and when you try to open one, they think you are holding it for them. Not so much as a mumble of an &quot;I'm sorry&quot; or &quot;Excuse me&quot; and it happened a TON.I'd go back once I hit the lottery.	
Oct 22 2008 	Luxury at its high	We stayed in Al Qasr for 3 nights. This is the best, most luxurious hotel I have ever stayed in. Our room was a honeymoon suite on the 6th floor overlooking the beach, the hotel swimming pool and Burj Al Arab. It was really big. luxurious and with all the amenities you can think of. It took the hotel employee 10 minutes to show us around and explain everything. Especially the bathroom was perfect with beautifully scented soaps and little shampoo and bath bottles, seperate especially for men and women. Also, the bed was the most comforable I have ever slept on.Swimming pool was great - although I would have preferred it more cold with all the heat. But the place was so comfortable, food by the pool was great and the scenery with Burj al Arab overlooming especially at night was magnificent. We also tried the beach but although amenities and service were of the best quality, the water was too warm.Breakfast was unique not in the sense of numbers, as most of hotels worldwide can boast about food quantity and variety, but in the sense of quality. Especially bakery, fruit and milk products were of supreme quality. As for food, we tried the Toscana restaurant which was ok, and Meat Co with great great service and food! Try Meat and Co restaurant but do pay in local currnecy and not in euros...It was really hot outside so we were glad the hotel offered the opportunity for restaurant variety and for shopping in the Madinat Souk. Probably they could turn off the aircondition as sometimes it was cold while shopping but the atmoshpere and the variety was satisfying. Also, there is a bus that takes you to The Mall for free and that also releiving with all the heat...Overall, this hotel is expensive but outstanding! Great value for money especially during Ramadan: almost half the price with no problems encountered.	
Oct 21 2008 	a great hotel	It is a fantastic hotel. Good service, atmosphere, great rooms and perfefect for children.	
Oct 20 2008 	Splendid Splendour	Where do we start! We had four nights at Al Qasr in August 08 and what a fabulous experience! We booked a private transfer from the airport through the hotel - they met us as soon as we got off the plane, guided us through passport control and customs and waited patiently for our bags to arrive, before driving us to the hotel in a beautiful Lexus, with complimentary chilled face towels and iced water. We arrived around 4.00am, very tired, and were whisked straight to our amazing room for in-room check-in, while the porter dealt with our bags. We had ordered a king bed but there were two singles in the room (although they were almost as big as doubles!). The delightful lady who was checking us in offered to move us but advised that we had would not have as nice a view if we did. We decided to stay and within a couple of minutes two staff had appeared and proceeded to push the beds together and remake them. Even pushed together they were still one of the most comfortable beds we’ve ever experienced. The outlook from the Ocean View rooms is break-taking, with the Burj al Arab peeking around the corner. The rooms are beautifully appointed and the toiletries in the luxurious bathrooms are heavenly. I have to confess to still be using the lovely body lotion! The hotel itself is stunning and the staff can not do enough for you. We spent days by the huge pool, afternoons in the Al Fayrooz lounge, and evenings in Koubba bar enjoying some delicious cocktails. The complimentary golf-carts that run up and down the private beach are wonderful – they go all the way from Al Qasr to the Burj al Arab and Wild Wadi and save too much walking in the Dubai heat (entry to Wild Wadi was free to guests of Jumeriah properties). The only thing we would do differently would be to get breakfast included in our room tariff if possible – like all hotel breakfasts it is very expensive, but the food is really lovely and there is plenty of variety. We have since been told that the room-service breakfast is excellent as well. You really are spoilt for choice with restaurants in the Al Qasr/Souk/Mina-a-Salam complex. Most can be on the pricey side, but with the free shuttle-bus running backwards and forwards between the Mall of the Emirates you can find cheaper food options quite easily. Our whole experience at Al Qasr was nothing short of magical. Sure we paid for it, and its not cheap, but we really believe it was worth every penny. We can’t wait to go back!	
Oct 15 2008 	It's so good we return many times a year	This hotel is really five star plus. We have stayed here several times a year since it's opening. The staff are fantastic and you are always looked after well, We always ensure that we are in a room category which covers us for the Club Executive/Premium Leisure Club facilities. This facility is really worth having with breakfast, afternooon tea and cocktail hour provided in a more exclusive environment.The choice of resturants within the Madinat Jumeirah environment is huge, not to mention the shops and theatre. It is extremely safe for children and has more lifeguards in duty than I have seen in any other hotel. The room rates give great value for money when you consider the standard of what is provided.	
Oct 7 2008 	Amazing Hotel	All the amazing reviews that have been previously written are so true. We have been to Dubai 9 times over the last few years. Each time staying at a different hotel, including the Jebel Ali Golf Resort, Jumeriah Beach and the Royal Meridian. None of these came anywhere close to the service, facilities, luxury and just general experience of the Al Qasr. If you find the restaurants a little expensive in the resort try the many restaurants at the Mall of The Emirates. Just 10 minutes away. the hotel provide a courtesy bus that leaves the hotel every hour (last bus back 10.30pm).A quick walk around the Mina A Salam showed us the Al Qasr is far superior in every way so well worth the bit extra.I could not think of one thing I did not like about this resort. It is big so if you like quaint and small this will not be the place for you. The only small problem we had was assuming the beach bag in the room was complimentary, which it wasn't, so just as well we asked first before using. As it was my birthday we also had wine strawberry's and dipping chocolate so well worth mentioning if you are celebrating a special occasion. If you are thinking of going to this hotel GO, you will not be disappointed.	
Oct 5 2008 	The Best Hotel in the World	If you are looking for Paradise then you have found it!I have stayed in many really nice hotels and this one has beats them ALL hands down. So much so that my insistancy of always trying somewhere different has gone right out the window.8 times to Madinat Jumeirah in the last few years, twice a year in the last 2 years, and will be going back again.The service is unlike anything you have ever seen. Right from Victor and Kennedy and the team greeting you at the main entrance to the numerous greeters inside the main lobby.Check in is so personal with no big desk to stand at but individual desks to sit down and book in. If you arrive early they work on getting your room ready as soon as possible and then call you on your mobile to let you know (you may be exploring the resort)There are a stack of restaurants to choose from and ALL of them in the resort are fantastic.It has it's own SOUK to shop in and with the Wild Wadi Water Park next door only a golf buggy ride away, you really don't need to leave. I strongly advise you Search on You Tube for Wild Wadi to see how incredible and advanced it is to anything you have EVER visited.Yes, Dubai is 1 big building site and a lot of hotels are near to building work. However Madinat and Al Qasr is finished and away from it all but not out on it's own. It's a 5 min taxi ride to Mall of the Emirates (taxi should cost no more than £1.50 to get there)Mall of the Emirates is huge and has Ski Dubai. The SNOW ski facility, Dubai is getting bigger and better by the day, with the new Palms and Dubailand n the next few years too so roads are chaotic but why leave the resort? You have all year round sunshine. The most incredible beaches, amazing views of the Burj al Arab and looking to the left of the beach The Jumeirah Palm.The moment you find one of the many empty sun loungers some one will come and lay the towels out for you and fetch an ice bucket. Sat on the beach in the hot sun it is not unusual for someone to pop by with complimentary ice cold flannels, Evian spray for your face, fresh fruit or ice creams.The rooms are spotless and serviced several times a day. No shortage of bathroom products either. The breakfasts are to die for too. The biggest range I have ever seen. Dine in the hotel or down by the pool.If you arrange for the hotel to pick you up then you are in for a treat as you will be greeted prior to passport control and whisked through a separate desk belonging to Jumeirah. Incredible!I could talk about it all day and I do to everyone I meet. Book The Al Qasr and you will not be disappointed.By the way, I do not work for the hotel. Just someone who absolutely loves it and always comes away from it having the best holiday ever.	
Sep 30 2008 	Amazing service!!	Just got back from 6 nights at Al Qsar. We were recommended by friends to book an Executive room - well worth the extra. We had 24 hour access to the Executive Club Lounge where the service was impeccable. Breakfast, afternoon tea and Happy Hour gave us all the food and drink we needed and was included in the room price. The Executive Lounge staff were incredibly efficient and effective, they booked all our tours for us, consistently had a 'can do' (and did) attitude, nothing was too much trouble for them.There was nothing to fault in this hotel throughout. It's a big resort but if we needed to ask directions, whoever we asked took us to where we wanted to be.All the staff seem to be given a good deal of autonomy so they can make decisions on the spot. We were there in Ramadan but it caused us little disruption. The West could learn a lot from this hotel and its staff.	
Sep 24 2008 	Just impeccable!!	My husband and I stayed at the Al Qasr for 5 nights just a few days ago. I don't want to say many things because words are unnecessary when you have to do with a hotel of this status. Impeccable surroundings and location, impeccable service (you had everything without even having to ask for it!) Everything was magical.. If you plan to go to Dubai and you can afford this hotel, don't even bother to look elsewhere...you'll just feel like arabian royalty!! DO NOT MISS IT!!!	
Sep 13 2008 	Excellent place fabulous staff (except one chap at the reception)	The hotel is built like a palace and no expense has been spared on the interiors or the exteriors, giving it a royal and pleasant effect, unlike the ostentatious and over-the-top interiors of the Burj Al Arab close by.Being a part of the Madinat Jumeirah complex, you have full and free access to the pools, restaurants and entertainment at Al Qasr, Mina Salam, Jumeirah Beach Hotel, and the Wild Wadi Water park. You can also visit the Burj at set hours during the day. The beach is clean and inviting, but too calm for my liking - no waves at all. The Souk has a lot of shopping and dining options, though almost all are pretty expensive.The staff are well-trained, with everyone from the doorman to the secruity to the maintenance guys being extremely polite and helpful. The only bad experience was with a reception guy who tried to charge 100 USD to my colleague for an airport transfer which the Jumeirah staff at the airport had arranged saying it was complimentary (and my colleague had accepted knowing no better). Apparently, it wasn't supposed to be complimentary and the staff had made a mistake, but having established that this mistake had been made by their staff, this chap was trying to lecture us about how the guest should have read the conditions of the booking and seen what was included and what wasn't, and if we don't pay, he would ask the poor girl who made the mistake to pay, etc. Disappointing behavior in such an otherwise nice place. But the place was so good that we quickly recovered from this incident and I would recommend this place whole-heartedly to anyone not on a tight budget.	
Sep 9 2008 	out of this world!!!!! loved it loved it loved it!!!!	We stayed at the Al Qasr for 2 weeks for our honeymoon. When our transfer pulled up outside the gates they were big gold horse statues leading up to the building. I was in ore. It was ike something out of a fairy tale book, it was very posh and the heat outside was hot, bearing in mind it was midnight.Which was a bit worrying to what heat it would be during the day.With it being our honeymon they left some very posh chocolates and some strawberries dipped in chocolate, in our room along side a bottle of champagne. The day after we got a vase full of roses left on the table with a personalised card to congratulate us on our marriage.Every night whilst we were there they left an animal on our bed that was made up of towels, along with some freebies. Each night we got either coconut lip balms or walnut body scrubs, lavender massage oil, foot sprays, hand foot lotions, or a posh choc each on our pillow.The food is wonderful no matter where you eat in the jumeriah resort, we tried loads of restaurants and they were all lovely. But our favorite being the 'Meat Company'. This was beacause it was more layed back and the best steak we ve ever eaten. The heat whilst we were there was in between 40 - 50 degrees C. The hotel is lovely and cool due to the air con.Whilst on the beach or by the pool waiters try to make you feel comfy in the strong heat by coming round with cold towels, free ice lollies, fruit, and offer to spray your face with evian water. You literally dont have to move if you dont want because they come round and offer to clean your sun glasses as well. We felt like royalty on our stay there. This hotel is absolutely amazing and did not disappoint us once, not even slightly.If you want to go somewhere special, or you are considering booking this hotel then do so without a moments thought. We will be returning sometime soon.I wanna go back now.. ;-)	
Sep 7 2008 	Ancient Charm Modern Facilities Royal Treatment	My wife and I had one of the best resort experiences at the Al Qasar.Admittedly, though it is not one of the cheapest places to stay in Dubai, but it is worth every penny because there are 'hidden' secrets that make it all worthwhile.The Room :We were privileged to have a room with a view of the Burj. The room had a bath, enclosed shower area and enclosed toilet. The amenities were topped up TWICE a day which means you can literally help yourself with the cream, shampoos and sewing kits as little souvenirs (imagine how much we collected at the end of a 5 night trip!!) ;) The bed was quite soft and we actually had two double beds that seemed to be pushed and attached together - one of the biggest, softest beds we've ever slept on!Room service was fast and efficient, though, like most other resort experiences, it was costly. We had breakfast with the lot and we were literally given A LOT!If breakfast is included in your room rate, you have the choice of eating at the hotel or poolside. Weather permitting, go ahead with the poolside experience, otherwise, stay with the hotel option as the food offerings are very similar. You must try the camel's milk - to drink or with cereal - just for the experience.The only negative (and this is a very small one) is that the tv is a normal square box and not a plasma/LCD.The Facilities :Make sure you make a trip to Wet Wadi - it should be included as part of your hotel rates. During the summer months, the water park is open till later at night - we went there at 7ish and it was perfect - less kids, less crowds and NO queues! Visits to the Burj Al Arab is also complimentary (usually costs about A$30 per entry) but visits are restricted to 11am-12pm, 4-5:30pm and 11pm-1am. Transport from Al Qasr to the Burj is free (golf buggies) from the hotel pool area. You may choose to walk but why do this when you can be zipped speedily from poolside to doorstep of the 7 star hotel?!You must visit the Burj Al Arab - you don't need to spend anything because everything is expensive but if you must, afternoon tea at the top floor bar is highly recommended.There is a shopping mall and 50+ restaurants. Best Value for Money was Noodle House - you can charge EVERYTHING back to the hotel room and glum about the bill when you check out! There is also a Starbucks - free wireless internet. There is also a complimentary shuttle service to all the Mall of Emirates (indoor ski slopes) and the Gold Souk (market).Make sure you go on a boat ride with a guided tour of the whole resort area. This is, again, free of charge and sometimes the only way to get from one point to another.There is a Full Heath Club (with indoor swimming pool) with classes - we were amazed!All in all, the Al Qasr is a wonderfull hotel but it is only a part of the &quot;Disneyland&quot; for the rich and famous - you must make it a point to discover the whole Jumeriah Resort before you discover the rest of Dubai. You will be treated like royalty but this does not mean it will cost you the world!We will most certainly be looking forward to our next trip to Dubai!	
Aug 31 2008 	one of the best hotels ever	This is simply the best !We stayed in exec room - worth the extraWhat a place cannot recommend too highly - all great staff, rooms, restaurants, pool, sea - we will be back !!!	
Aug 18 2008 	Fantastic hotel great service great staff.	This hotel is really great, I can definately recommend it.When you arrive, the driveway and entrance is very impressive with gilded statues and chandeliers. We were whisked off to our room where the in-room check-in service was completed with ease and effeciency. Our room was a Premium Leisure Club room and had loads of space for a family of four. The bathroom was large and spacious with a bath and separate shower.The pool was massive and despite the hotel being busy, there was still lots of space and plenty of sunbeds. I have never seen so many lifeguards - there were at least ten around the pool. Everyday, waiters would deliver ice lollys, chilled towels, cool face spray and cucumber for your eyes, free of charge, It is a lovely touch. There were Cabana's on the beach for families but you needed to get there early to get one.The Madinat complex is really great, loads of places to eat and even it's own Souk. The restaurants I would recommend are Pier Chic and Magnolia - both amazing. Transport around the complex is free, by either Abra or Golf buggy. These are always aound - we never had trouble locating one to take us to where we wanted to go.During our visit, entrance to Wild Wadi (the on-site water park) was free of charge to hotel guests. We went a few times, the kids loved the roller coaster slides. My kids also loved kids club - it was free (always a bonus) and you could either sign them in or out yourself or let them come and go as they please. The choice was yours. They would tag the kids with different coloured wrist bands depending on your choice. It seemed to work well.All staff were very attentive and friendly, they really couldn't do enough for you, nothing was too much trouble.We definately intend to return here in a couple of years, it was a fantastic hotel and holiday	
Aug 10 2008 	Family upscale hotel	I would not qualify this hotel and resort as a &quot;luxury hotel&quot; but more as an &quot;upscale family hotel&quot;. If it would not be for my kid, I would not come back. But if you have children, this hotel is a good choice : it is a 5 stars class hotel which gives you rather good value for money (especially in summer when room rates are 1/3 of regular rates in winter), it is very conveniently located on the beach, next to the water park Wild Wadi (entrance is free for Jumeirah hotels' guests), with a mall inside (Souk Madinat). The buildings and installations are very good. The service is also quite OK. There are all sorts of restaurants located inside the resorts that you surely can find one or more that suit your taste. Personnally I would recommend the Chinese restautant named &quot;Zheng He&quot; and the Thai restaurant named &quot;Pai Thai&quot;. The Spa installation is also fine. So at the end, what do I dislike in this hotel ? Well, the fact that it is too big that it can never provide the privacy and the exclusiveness that hotels such as Four Seasons or One &amp; Only could provide. Just stay on the beach or by the pool or go to the breakfast restaurant at peak hours and you will understand immediately what I mean.	
Aug 9 2008 	So Nice!!	Super nice hotel, beautiful pool and beach, great food!! Loved the breakfast buffet at restaurant near the beach. Great resort for all ages - my kids loved riding in the boats that run throughout the property.	
Aug 6 2008	Still Love it	All I can say it was fantastic. Has been there for the last 3 years and will go back for more.Just love it!!!!	
Aug 6 2008 	Best in Dubai	The al Qasr at Madinat Jumeirah was a fantastic experience and as soon as we arrived, we knew it was the right choice. It has classic Arabian features (see photos) with luxury rooms that include marble bathrooms, the most comfortable beds ever and glorious views over the al Qasr's pool to the infinity of the Arabian sea in front. One of the al Qasr's endearing advantages is the canals that are a little like Venice - with boat men taking you at no charge to the next Jumeirah Group hotel. Entry to the 7 star Burj al Arab hotel is also included in the rate, allowing you to queue jump ahead of the tourists who often have to pay to get in.And for families, if you stay at the al Qasr, entry to the Wild Wadi waterpark is free with ftee transport via the canals or golf buggies that take you along the edge of the beach.Finally, service here is top rate. A wonderful holiday experience.	
Aug 3 2008 	First Class	Just returned from the Al Qasr, ths hotel is certainly 5 star. Stayed in the hotel, the rooms are very nice, beds extremely comfortable. All the staff are very helpful and attentive.	
Jul 28 2008 	Best place to stay in Dubai	Having stayed at many Jumeirah properties, I feel that this one is the best. I stayed at this hotel in the middle of July for 5 nights. I was there for a family holiday with three adults in a ocean deluxe room with one massive king size bed and a pull out sofa bed. This hotel only allows a maximum of three adults in a room.Having arrived at Dubai airport quite late at night, around midnight we were greeted by the hotel representative who was very friendly and showed us to our awaiting car. The representative meets you just before passport control and helps you through the long queue and then collects your baggage. This service is only available if you pay extra or you are staying in a suit.As this was my first time in the Al Qasr. I was amazed by the lovely entrance to the hotel. The bronze horses you see at the front of the hotel are magnificent. Having arrived so late at the hotel on a Sunday night, it felt as if we were the only guests at the hotel. The guys at the front of the hotel who open the car doors for you and take your luggage are very nice, one staff member who should be credited is a African guy called ‘Macilli’ who was very friendly and welcoming through-out our stay, you cant miss this guy as he is like 7feet tall.The check in for the hotel is very 5*. You sit on a couch while the staff pamper you with nice cold towels and refreshments while you are being checked in. one thing that I really liked is that once you have checked in, you are personally taken to your room by one off the hotel staff which is quite nice. The Room it self is very spacious. The bed in the room is massive and is very comfortable. The room also has a range off pillows that you can choose from if you are fussy like that. The décor in the room is very old Dubai, but is made to look modern which works really well. The bathroom is big with a nice tub and big shower. I have also stayed in the Dar Al Masyaf which has a bigger bathroom but the room isn’t as big. The room is very well stocked with toiletries and the only thing you need to bring with you are toothpaste and sunscreen.The resort it self consists of 4 hotels, 1 water theme park, 20+ restaurants and shopping market called the ‘souk’. The way to get around the massive resort is either by abra (a boat) or a golf buggy. The boats are so cool that you will use any excuse to use them. We used to take a boat from the Al Qasr to the souk which was only like a 3 mins walk. The pool and the private beach are amazing. The pool at the Al Qasr is very big, its about double the size of the pool at the Jumeirah beach hotel. When you arrive at the pool, a guy comes along and sets up your deckchair with towels. This is the first hotel I have stayed in that takes such good care off its guests. The beach is the same with the guys and the towels. Every so often the staff come along with free ice lollies and cold towels to keep you cool. There is also a food and drinks menu at the pool and beach. The prices are quite expensive, so I would recommend you take cash with you so you can keep track of how much your spending. One thing that people don’t know is that the Jumeirah bottle water is free. If you ask for water they will bring you Evian water and will charge you dh70 for it, almost £8 or $16 for a small bottle. Ask for the free Jumeirah water and you will get a 1tr bottle on ice free.One thing I have to mention is the staff. The hotel would not be as good as it is without the staff they have. They are very friendly and welcoming. They greet you every time they see you without fail. Its quite amazing as they even start to remember your names after a few days. A day before departure we did ask for a late checkout but was told the hotel was full and they needed the room which was fine as we were told we could use all off the hotels facilities. My experience at the Al Qasr was amazing and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good time in Dubai. If it is your first time going to Dubai, take it from someone who has been many times, if you don’t stay in a Jumeirah property you wont have a good experience. Most of Dubai is a construction site and staying at this hotel you wont see any off it. Spend a bit extra and have an unforgettable Dubai experience. I would also recommend that you have breakfast included in your booking as the Al Qasr breakfast buffet is really good. One thing to remember is that if you are a Sirius card holder, you will not get any points if you book through a travel agent, you have to book direct with the hotel.	
Jul 22 2008 	Woot! Hilarious.	Hilariously overdone, like most of tourist Dubai. Don't go there if you want in anyway an authentic, gritty experience. But if you want to sit around like a first world raj-baron by the side of the pool and smoke hookahs, get into it.Minus points for fat English and Russians sitting around with their pudgy families, but maybe that's just me looking in an ugly mirror!	
Jul 11 2008 	Great luxury family hotel	We have a young family and really like to stay in luxury and we found the AQ to be a prefect family resort. For a supplement, you can have use of the executive club where the chlidren can play and you can eat in peace! Food and service are great (and free!) and you can take afternoon tea there as well (free). The bus centre within the club is great (free internet) plus lounge area, bar and play station room.Best of all, there is an adults only club area on the 5th floor and you can have any drink on the balcony looking out to sea and between 6pm and 8pm its, you guessed it, free! Any drink! Or a cockail or glass of Moet. Plus some nibbles (these were slightly hit and miss to be fair). Overall though: of the drinks are free it is def fabulous!The suite was spacious and the bed was like sleeping in a nest as they have so many wonderful pillows. Really, a great nights rest and we had 2 interlinking suites for 2 adults and three children.If you have not been before, the Jumeria resort is great as it has so many restaurants and bars and things to see and do (there are 4 hotels there after all). The kids club right by the pool was just the licket and our little people loved it. And it too was free.The staff were very kind and attentive and Maren in particular was excellent.It was a particularly enjoyable, relaxed family holiday and we will be back!	
Jul 8 2008 	Wonderful resort	We stayed at the Al Qasr (AQ) for 5 nights in the middle phase of a honeymoon trip that commenced with 10 nights in the magnificent but peaceful Reethi Rah in the Maldives.The AQ is a first rate 5 star property. It is well located on the beach with great views of the Burj Al Arab and it has facilities that are probably unmatched by most hotels in the world. We stayed there in the build up to the really hot summer period. Rarely did the day time temp drop below 40 and the humidlty hit 100% a number of times. It is energy sapping stuff. But the hotel copes well with this - great aircon everywhere, ice towels, ice creams by the pools, evian sprays - its all available. We stayed in a premium level arabian superior room - large and very comfortable with access to the business lounge ( which serves an assortment of food and drinks for free during the day ). Our room was pool facing with fantastic views of the sea. The bathroom was nice, decorated in an arabian style, with a lovely walk in shower and double vanity sinks. It had a seperate toilet - which is a feature I am beginning to enjoy in 5 star hotels. The products were a madinat generic brand but were plentiful and seemed to be of high quality. The mini bar is very well stocked and wasnt too expensive. Each night the hotel turn the room down for bed we were left with little towel animals on the bed. It really is a fantastic touch and one that we looked forward to nightly. We made good use of the airconned gym - its a brilliant gym. Better than most private health clubs in my opinion. The only negative is that its a bit of a travel to get to as its in the Mina Al Saalam - which is a sister hotel next door.I suppose thats my only real negative about this hotel - you do walk a long way to get anywhere! Its huge - and in the heat of July thats not the nicest!One other thing - we had dinner at the Al Mahara in the Burj. Not worth it at all. Food was nice - but service was so awful. The submarine trip is shamefully tacky. The restaurant is nice - the fish tank is interesting but the staff really make this place a flop. It is expensive to boot - but this is to be expected in a hotel that prides itself as the worlds most luxurious - but the restaurant service really pokes fun at this self imposed title!!All in all I will probably return to dubai and would have no issue staying at the madinat AQ.	
Jun 30 2008 	Terrible Experience	My husband and I arrived at Al Qasr on 7th June and were to check-out and depart on 9 June from Al Qasr at Madinat Jumeirah, Dubai on an Emirates flight to Paris scheduled for 08:20hrs. In order to save time in the early morning before our scheduled departure from the hotel, we completed check-out formalities and settled our hotel bill just before midnight on 8 June 2008. We also requested a wake-up call at 05:00am the following morning as we had an Emirates limousine scheduled to pick us up from Al Qasr at 06:00am for our 08:20am flight (as we had already completed the online check-in procedure, we were required to arrive at the airport 90 mins before departure). We promptly received our wake-up call from the hotel staff at 05:00am as requested and waited patiently in our room till 06:15am for a call from the hotel staff to announce the arrival of our pick-up and finally called Emirates to find out why the car had not yet arrived. We waited another 5 mins on the phone till the Emirates representative made inquiries about our scheduled pick-up and came back on the line to inform us that the limousine had in fact arrived at the hotel as scheduled at 06:00am and that the driver had also requested the concierge on duty to inform us of the arrival of our Emirates pick-up. Unfortunately, the concierge a gentleman by the name of Mr. Rauf refused to inform us about the arrival of the car and told the driver that he was not allowed to disturb his guests at that hour and therefore sent the driver away! The driver left the premises and reported the incident to Emirates airline, making sure to mention the name of Mr. Rauf for the record.We immediately called Service One from our room to inform them of the incident and asked for Mr. Rauf to ask him why he had done such a ridiculous thing! As we were already late for our flight, I told Mr. Rauf to meet me downstairs. Upon meeting Mr. Rauf at the entrance of the hotel and demanding an explanation for his actions, we were treated with complete indifference and not even given an apology! We also asked how he could do such a thing when we had asked for a wake-up call from the hotel at 05:00am, to which he shrugged and mumbled something about not being able to trace the wake-up call. To make things worse, he did not even have the courtesy to arrange for a complementary airport transfer for us considering it was clearly his fault that the limousine had left without us. He asked the doorman to get us a taxi for the airport for which we ended up paying Dhs 95 upon reaching the airport.Needless to say, the experience has been shocking and pathetic coming from a hotel of it's repute and will prevent us from ever returning at any of the Jumeirah properties. The unprofessional behavior of Mr. Rauf indicates a serious deficiency in the training of the hotel personnel and even a lack of common-sense amongst it's employees. I believe that if a prestigious hotel like Al Qasr is unable to meet such basic expectations of it's guests (that even a 3-star property would definitely see to) it is simply not worthy of it's reputation and definitely not worth paying big buck for!	
Jun 28 2008 	Oh YES!	The hotel was great, and it works so well being such a huge resort. You will not need to go out any where, as there is so much to do.We had to wait about 45 minutes for our room as we were slightly early. They sent us to a waiting area…… More like a health spa! It was relaxing, with big leather chairs, a huge shower area and light refreshments.The rooms are very big with great comfy beds. We got a room with sea view which looked out on to the gulf sea, however we were not in the room that much so would say that a normal room would be just as good. The bathroom had more toiletries then Boots and Superdrug put together! Fantastic.Breakfast time could be a tad buys but there is everything you could wish for to eat at breakfast.The private beach is like something out of a dream. So clean, comfortable beds, chairs, staff bringing you fresh fruit and ice lollypops, towels before you can even think of it.Getting around the resort is so much fun. You have a choice of golf carts or boats via the internal canals. They are always there waiting.The Spa were the sauna and steam rooms are could be bigger I thought, but equally beautiful as the rest of the hotel.There are many restaurants in the resort but I found them extremely expensive and only ate in 2 or 3 of them. We usually went to Emirates Mall were there was food just as good but at a fraction of the price.The staff are very polite and will get anything you ask for, but I think a bit more of a personal touch would make the experience even better.	
May 28 2008 	Fantastic!	We stayed at Al Qasr in May 2007 for our 10th wedding anniversary.It was fantastic.We arrived after a 7 hour flight at approx 8am,we were taken to a private check in area and given cool towels and arabian coffee (an aquired taste).We were lucky our room was ready to check and was amazing.Huge bed, fab furniture loads of space.Bathroom was great sep shower,large bath and plenty of luxurious toiletries (replenished daily).Housekeeping and turndown service every day.Chocolates on pillows,bottled mineral water and towels in the shape of animals.Tea/fresh filter coffee making facilities.We stayed half board and would definately recommend this although book your tables well in advance.Some restaurants were excluded but you could eat at lunchtime in lieu of this.Breakfast is amazing, every food imaginable.Egg station, smoothie bar,sushi,cooked breakfasts,waffles,cereals,fresh yoghurt bar,fruit,cheeses,cooked meats.and much,much more...One of our favourite restaurant was pierchic at the end of the wooden pier,jambase great funky atmosphere,chinese restaurant very good,our least favourite was Pisces in the souk area.A bit stuck up to be honest ordered 4 different bottles of wine non of which were available think this may have been deliberate to get the expensive ones sold.Great food but atmosphere lacking!Pools great, towels laid out,fresh fruit lollipops and ices free of charge.Took a golf buggy ride to the Burj Al Arab but best to go after 11pm free to residents of AQ.Went to the 360 bar which was great golf buggy will take you there also.A good selection of shops in the Souk.The staff throughout are amazing very attentative, but not too much so.Apparently they have a ratio of 2 members of staff to every guest which certainly seemed accurate.Going back again later this year it is worth every penny,my favourite place on earth.	
May 15 2008 	Perfect Honeymoon!	We selected the Jumeira resort for our honeymoon based on reviews at Tripadvisor, we had originally booked for Mina Al'Salam but upon our arrival we got a HUGE upgrade to Al'Qasr.The room alone was almost the size of our appartment and very well decorated according to the &quot;Arabian&quot; theme of the hotel and we even had a private terrace overlooking the canals and Burj Al Arab. Storage facilities were excellent, cable TV was great (many options), room service amazing you could practically order whatever cuisine you could think of (american, Italian, Chinese etc) at any time of the day or night.My personal favourite was the bathroon, separate wc, shower and a very cute bathtub big enough to fit both honeymooners!The toiletries were renewed sometimes twice a day, and one doesn't need to bring anything at all, they had everything!Another fantastic detail was that the hotel corridors and lobby always smelled of jasmin essence, it has an amazing atmosphere. The pool was very nice , the beach service out of this world, the staff always there!! and so, so kind and helpfull, beyond any expectation.Least but not last, it is really important that being a part of an amazing resort/shopping mall/meeting point, Al Qasr provides visitors the calm and relaxation of a resort but just a boat trip away you can find shops, amazing restaurants, clubs etcWe are thinking of visiting Dubai again next year on our anniversary and we are definately staying at Al'Qasr!!PS Ladies only can book a manicure, pedicure or thread hair removal at the Nails INC Salon in the Jumeira Souk, while watching &quot;Friends&quot; in super comfortable sofa chairs!	
May 13 2008 	our amazing honeymoon!	we spent the last 4 days of our honeymoon at al qasr in dubai after an absolutely brilliant time spent in the maldives. we arrived in dubai to be taken by chauffeur to al qasr which was so handy and a great experience. on arrival at al qasr we were breathtaken by the sheer expanse of the hotel and the opulence of it all. the hotel is so grand, and the decor very much in keeping with the arabian theme. we were upgraded to a summer house @ dar al masjaf which was absolutely fantastic as we were supposed to be staying in the main hotel. our villa was wonderful, with our own butler service, the abra boats picking us up right outside our villa and the buggys coming right to our front door. the pool which we were sharing with 2 other villas was mostly empty so we had it to ourselves. the lifeguards on duty here all day long must get very bored! we were impressed with every aspect of this hotel, the souk was wonderufl with 42 restaurants to choose from, we were not disappointed and found the food to be affordable. the breakfasts were very impressive, with sooo much choice. you can see the burj al arab from al qasr, tho be warned you cant get inside without wearing smart clothing, flowery shorts arent allowed as we discovered to our dismay! we went to the mall of the emirates, a bus picks u up from the hotel. and we did the sundowner desert safari which was a gr8 experience, they take you to an arabic camp in the middle of the desert and give a gr8 buffet, free henna tatoos and a bellydancer. it was a lovely night out. the jeep lets down the tyres and flies through the sand dunes, its great fun. we loved this hotel, we however found dubai creek and downtown dubai to be a little daunting and found ourselves lost and not able to find our way. the gold souks they talk about were most disappointing to us and appeared more like a jumble sale than anything else. al qasr is a most distinguished, opulent and relaxing hotel, the like of which we will probably never stay in again, we would highly recommend the summer vialls as they are so private and the bathrooms are massive, the beds are so comfy and theres 5 different types of pillow to choose from. the rooms are very clean. we would definitely recommend al qasr.	
May 5 2008 	Unbelievable comfortable luxury	From arriving at DXB tired after 7 hour flight from UK we were met at airport and whisked in luxury to Al Qasr, most hotels pay lip service to detail and service but the Al Qasr was for us the best.We were taken to Executive Lounge to check in after cool face towel and tea/coffee, and then quickly escorted to our Arabian Courtyard room...................VERY comortable and we were asleep 10 mins later. Woke up next day had complimentary breakfast ....what a choice! Explored fantastic grounds and settled on beach , staff very attentive, fresh towels, free ice lollies and chilled fruit, and more all done with grace and humility.Resort is large and maintenance is excellent, struggled by on beach till 3pm when it was time to return to Lounge for complimentary High Tea......even more bliss.Made it back to sanctuary of beach..............well at least till 6pm when it was time for complimentary canapes and drinks...........a hard shift this!Staff excellent, hotel excellent, everythinh excellent apart from Mall of the Emirates just up the road.....................any quality 400 shop Mall does tend to attract your partners eye and so take away from your luxurious time at the Al Qasr!!!!!Can't wait to return.	
Apr 28 2008	Expensive Dubai	We holiday in Dubai twice a year normally in April &amp; October and have done so for the last five years. We have stayed at either the One &amp; Only Royal Mirage or as per this review the Al Qsar on Jumeria Beach.Although the hotel and staff are just what any 5* hotel should be the buzz around the hotel was the massive price increase on all food and drink. If it was your first time you would just think it was expensive but if you were able to compare it to a previous visit as most of the people are able to do, the price rises were past being funny. 2 kids milkshakes around the pool were £12.00 and a meal at Pai Thai for two adults and one child with two glasses of wine came to £225.00. The hotel seems to be cashing in on the customer before the alternative hotels offer any competition. Although the hotel is still a great location, save up your spending money or you may get a nasty shock!!!!	
Apr 9 2008 	Fantastic Resort 	We stayed at this hotel for the second week of our honeymoon. It is truly opulent, but we are only very ordinary working class people and you were made to feel just as special as the very rich who were staying at the hotel. The greeting on arrival was excellent, you were sat in a comfy waiting area and served with hot towels and nibbles!!! We stayed in the hotel itself and the room was amazing with a view over the ocean and towards Palm Island! Although, the hotel is very big, it is very quiet and we hardly saw any of the other guests on our floor the whole week we were there!!Everything was very relaxed, you weren't hassled at any point. But there were plenty of staff around should you need someone. We stayed on B&amp;B basis and the breakfast was very impressive - you could have anything you liked and I mean anything!! Cereals, cooked breakfast, porridge, sushi etc....! The hotel is linked to 3 others with a shopping mall in the middle which is full of shops, restaurants and bars which is where we ate every evening, again lots of choice!!We also took a trip to down town Dubai and went to Gordon Ramsay's restaurant which was out of this world..... and it won't break the bank to eat there!! I would definintely recommend anyone to go there if your holidaying in the area.There are plenty of activites to keep you occupied within the hotel or just relax on the beach. There are waiters on the beach at all times to offer cold towels to mop your brow!!! Or get you more drinks, ice lollies......or anything you could wish for!It was an amazing place and we are going back again this year for our first wedding anniversary!!!	
Apr 7 2008 	Simply Wonderful !!	My wife and I stayed in the Al Qasr for our wedding anniversary for 9 nights and it was wonderful and we’re already planning our next visit. The hotel and staff can’t do enough for you from the moment you arrive until you leave. We were welcomed by name inside the airport by a member of hotel staff and fast tracked through immigration etc and then led to an awaiting luxury car to take us to the hotel. As we opted for an executive club room (definitely worth the extra cost) and we were escorted to the executive lounge for check in, we arrived at approx 10am so our room wasn’t ready however were able to have breakfast in the executive club lounge and could shower in the premier leisure lounge too. We were giving a temp pass so we could make use of all the hotel facilities until our room was ready at approx 2pm.There are 40+ restaurants and bars in the hotel complex so choice is almost unlimited and have to say of those we tried all were excellent, our favourite was Pierchic which is located at the end of a wooden pier the food and service there is amazing and as a plus has wonderful views of the Burj Al Arab and all the Madinat Jumeirah resort. Word of warning if you opt to eat at Jambazz (food is very good) but do eat early because at approx 10pm it does get very busy with clubbers there to listen and dance to the live band so you could find yourself trying to eat your meal with them dancing all around your table not ideal if looking for a romantic meal, but great if there to party. As mentioned we opted for the executive club room option which among a bunch of other things gives you pre diner canopies and cocktails between 6-8pm in the lounge or on terrace which is a great way to start your evening and the staff there are wonderful (special mention for Mark one of the waiters there he was great), only negative was the stuffy German duty manager she tending to avoid us not that it bothered us but even a how are you enjoying your stay would have been nice.While a guest at the Al Qasr your entitled to visit the Burj Al Arab at certain times of the day and night and we did visit and have cocktails in the Skybar there but to be honest the Burj is more impressive from the outside so save your money and stay at the Al Qasr. The pool is very large and can get busy but never found it overcrowded and unfortunately there does tend to be a problem with folks claiming the best sun loungers but one of the many staff around the pool area will always find you one. Dubai itself is a wonderful place and I could go on and on about how good this hotel is but won’t.....just go and see it for yourselves	
Apr 3 2008 	Al Qasr - Amazing!	I stayed at the Al Qasr in Sept 2006 and had an amazing time...You know you have &quot;arrived&quot; coming up the hotel driveway seeing all the lifesize gold statues of horses leading up to a huge fountain which appears to have gold horses jumping out of it. Walking into the reception we were greated with much needed cold towels and complimentary drinks, theres so much to take in, huge chandeleers artwork etc. The hotel and grounds are breathtaking and the level of service is outstanding. I really did feel like i was royalty. Especially when I was laying on the beach or by the pool and a member of staff came round with complimentary fruit, cold towels and spraying evian water on your face to cool you down.If i was stood in the same place in the hotel for more than 1 min a member of staff would be over to see if there was anything they could do to help. I also remeber that everywhere you go there always seemed to be someone cleaning something....the hotel was always cleaned to perfection.Rooom service came twice a day and once at night to dim the lights, close curtains and put out robes and slippers...they also left different chocs and shells on your pillow everynight.There was a vast selection of restaurants and bars in the hotel even a nightclub. All the restaurants we ate at were amazing from the pool bar food to the selection of a la carte restaurants. The first night we ate in the madinat at the lebonese restaurant i wasnt expecting much as never had lebonese but the food was brilliant....every night we visited a different restaurant and i remeber thinking every night the food couldnt get any better.....but it did, my favourite was The Meat Co. 500gm Fillet steak was amazing!!!I could talk about this Hotel and Dubai all day long. All in all i couldnt think of anything bad to say about this hotel and would return in a flash!! Saying that the only bad thing is all the future hotels i visit have a lot to live upt too!!!	
Mar 28 2008 	Absolutely perfect in every way	We stayed at this hotel for a week. My family ranging from a 5 year old through to a 70 year old thought everything was absolutely perfect from the rooms right through to the poolside. If you want a luxury hotel - stretching for hundreds and hundreds of metres along the beach - travel either by abra (water taxi) on the hotels seawater canals or by buggy through the beautifully manicured gradens, with attentive staff waiting to do your every bidding. There is a terrific range of restaurants in the hotel itself and also in the adjoining Mina A Salam. In the hotels own souk, as well as every conceivable shop, there are also more eating places. If you want to know anything whilst you are there just speak to the conceirge and he will arrange everything from extra pillows in your room to booking you on a sundowner desert safari with dinner. I cannot praise all the staff too highly - they were wonderful.	
Mar 18 2008 	Disneyland It Is!	My experience started with the pickup at the airport by the hotel in a beautiful car. Check-in was seamless, with cold towels and coffee offered while waiting for the paperwork to be completed. We were treated with unbelievable kindness and courtesy throughout our 4 day stay. Service is impeccable, and there iwas no end of ways to entertain myself, be it the souk (shops have a no money back policy) or at the beach, or just touring the place by boat. Between this hotel and the Jumeirah Beach Hotel there are 40 restaurants!The room (Exec. side 203) was lovely. Bathroom amenities are lavish and even include laundry soap. Bed is wonderful, with all manner of pillows. Every night there was a new amenity, such as water bottles with wrist bands attached, or leather boxes of candy.The shower doors DO leak, so be prepared. Of course there is turn down service, but most of the service people are unseen. All employees smiled and said hello as if they really were glad to see me! I could have stayed HERE for several more days!	
Mar 17 2008 	Fantastic	My boyfriend and I are just back from 8 nights at Al Qasr and just loved it - one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in.We arrived quite late at night to a warm welcome and showed directly to our room which was amazing - we had a standard room which was more than big enough for the two of us. They add a lot of personal touches for example towels in the shape of animals, massage oils etc. The pool area is very big and the beach was lovely too, again lots of personal touches with cold towels being offered during the day and pineapple of sticks given out to guests. Eating in the hotel is quite expensive but the food was lovely - I recommend the tapas restaurant downstairs, very good food. We also had breakfast included in our room rate which was worth it, everything you can imagine from full cooked breakfast, cereal, fruit and cakes.The hotel is very close to the Madinat with lots of nice restaurants, shops and bars. I do not recommend the Lebanese restaurant there, food was poor and service even worse. Noodle House was good for a quick lunch. Traders Vicks is a good bar to go to with live bands and a good atmosphere - be there early for a seat outside as it does get very busy.From the pool/beach you can see the Burj and buggies take you from Al Qasr to Mina Salam &amp; the Burg so it’s very easy to get about. Water Taxis is another method of getting about. Burg is worth a visit but I wouldn’t spend too much time there, we went for high tea (around £65) and I wouldn’t go back in a hurry.We also went to Wild Wadi Water Park and did Dune Bashing in 4x4's with Net Tours, both highly recommended. Mall of Emirates is great for shopping and the indoor ski centre is great to see.All in all Dubai is a must holiday destination - Al Qasr is a fantastic hotel which I would highly recommend and in my opinion one of the best hotels in Dubai.	
Mar 11 2008 	Wow Wow Wow!!!	We stayed at the Al Qasr for our honeymoon last August. The whole experience was out of this world from the moment we were picked up in our own car from the airport (little tip: when the driver offers you his hand he's not just being friendly - he wants a tip!).It is hard to describe just how amazing the complex is. Everything is so big and luxrious we couldn't complain about anything, except maybe having to wait a few hours for our room after a tiring flight, but even then we were given free food and drink and use of a room we could change in so that we could get to the pool.The service at Al Qasr was superb, we were treated like royalty by everyone from security to pool attendants. Everybody says hello and has a smile even if they are working outside in the 100 degree heat!We looked forward to returning to our room every night to see what treats had been left by housekeeping - anything from chocolates to an Elephant made out of towels (fantastic!).There are so many restaurants and bars in the complex that we only ate elsewhere twice and that was with local friends. They also joined us for brunch at Mina A'Salam and said it was the best in Dubai!!! P2 (brasserie in Pisces) in the souk was one of our favourite restaurants.Had tea at the Burj, which was a great way to get in and see such an amazing hotel without breaking the bank! And there was a really relaxed atmosphere which suprised us.Without a doubt the most luxurious, perfect holiday. Can't wait to return!	
Feb 26 2008 	best ever	Fantastic, superb, brilliant!!A group of us travelled for a family birthdaty party.We each had a room in the beachfront villas. Cannot fault a single thing.Superb staffSuperb restaurantsLovely beach	
Feb 21 2008 	Simply Wonderful	This trip was a 40th Birthday treat for my husband and myself and wow what a wonderful hotel to spend it in! What can I say that has not already been said? Grounds - beautiful, Staff - nothing is too much trouble, Food - delicious....Just perfect! We were totally impressed by the personal touch considering the sheer size of the operation. We upgraded to Premium Leisure which was well worth the additional cost. Must mention Naleem from PLC who was absolutely charming. Also Ella who was just wonderful with my 3 year old. I have never felt so relaxed and safe in a foreign country. Would return in a heart beat! Thank you to all members of staff from top to bottom who were just so polite and welcoming.	
Feb 19 2008	Very nice hotel	I stayed in Al Qasr at Madinat Jumeirah last summer; there was a summer offer, so I booked it for 999 AED per night.It’s a wonderful hotel, and have a lot of facilities, like the old market, and the canal.The location is good, though it’s far from the center and the airport, but near from the Dubai marina, mall of the emirates and ibn batota mall (two giant malls in Dubai).The room is spacious and good.The bath door can’t be locked, you can lock only the toilet door (which takes small room inside the bath).Overall, I really recommend this hotel.	
Feb 18 2008	Magnificant!!!!!	This is one of the best hotels I've stayed in and I have stayed in loads. Can't fault anything!!!!	
Feb 4 2008 	Quality Service....but......	The Hotel is beautiful, and the service is very good. The quality of food is impressive as are the restaurants to choose from.The pool is very impressive, a place to laze and watch the helicopters landing on the Burj nearby.Having stayed before my only small point of note about the hotel was that it seemed to have quite a lot of families with infants (and buggies); if you are a couple and looking for complete quiet this could be slightly off-putting.Also, when the hotel has a conference on the go breakfast time can be quite hectic as the breakfast restaurant can be overrun with conference attendees. Might have been an idea to have the conference breakfasts in a side restaurant to allow holidaymakers more quiet and room while having brealfast.Overall though it is difficut to find a nicer hotel in Dubai.	
Jan 17 2008 	Pure Luxury on our Honeymoon	If you want pure luxury the Al Qasr is somewhere you should book. Its not cheap but then you get what you pay for. If you want to be fully pampered this is where to go. Around the pool you are fully waited on. Staff coming round to spray evian on your hot face, ask if you would like your sunglasses cleaned and are there to assist your every need, without you having to lift a finger - and they don't expect a tip!The hotel is set among a few others, including the burj al arab with water ways and boats to take you to the local souk. It is also a good hotel for celeb spotting, we were sat round the pool with some famous football players and WAGs!The hotel is bed and breakfast but there are many retauarnats and bars to choose from, some a little overpriced but here you expect to pay that little bit extra due to the exclusivity.The rooms are very grande, clean and have a very comfortable bed. We were greeted with red roses, chocoltaes and champagne on arrival.	
Jan 11 2008 	Experience of a Lifetime	We stayed 4 nights in this hotel in early Jan '08 and can honestly say it is the best hotel we have stayed in (compared with other 5stars around the world). It is more like a resort yet never feels crowded, over-whelming or intimidating. The service provided by the staff is second to none, from house keeping to concierge. We ate in MJ's, Segretto &amp; Pai Thai and all were excellent (Segretto in particularly stands out). The night life, whatever your taste, is fantastic, Jambase being a favourite of ours. All in all our experience of this hotel has merely wet our appetite for further visits to Dubai and will return to Al Qasr without any consideration.	
Jan 8 2008 	What a fantastic hotel	We stayed at the Al Qasr for 3 nights on our way home from the Maldives. We absolutely loved it. The hotel is fantastic, the staff are very attentive, the decorations for Christmas were stunning, the breakfasts were amazing and our room was brilliant. They have a lovely pool by the beach and so many places to eat and drink, we didn't even scratch the surface in 3 nights.	
Dec 29 2007 	Perfection	Been going to this resort for over six years, working our way down from the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, now full of &quot;football shirts unfortunately! So dont go there, unless you like footbal!&quot; The Al Qasr &amp; where we stayed in the Dal a Masyaf villas are simply perfect, been there four times this year alone.Staff retention is excellent as they all sign a two year contact, so going back everytime is like going home &amp; being amongst friends. Who take the genuienly personal pride. From the house keeper/maid to the beach &amp; pool side staff to the guys attending to the gardens. They are actually stop work as you walk by so as not to inconvience you &amp; greet you again genuienly. Not an &quot;American smile&quot; &amp; courtesy but a want to please. They are programmed never to say No to a guests query but to seek an alternative, how refreshing?If you got kids then you will never been feel so comfortable &amp; reassured the baby sitting services are outstanding and very reasonably priced. Safety is paramount, a Lifeguard every 20yards around the pool &amp; not a spotty teenager a real trained lifeguard.we have at times ventured away from Dubai, to 5star in Portugal &amp; the Forte in Sardinia &amp; the Caribbean, but always regretted it,.Pound for Pound there is nowhere else in the world that for the money you can experience true 6 star living!We have at times had problems of course but so so small in any other resort you would not dare to complain, &amp; if there is a difficulty it is resolved immediatly, I mean immediatly. You need extra pillows, 3 minutes from the call to house keeping they were delivered, need extra towels or room made up at 23:00, again 5 minutes. Nothing is to small a request, they run out of baby chairs on Xmas day due to the number of babies, the manager came over to personally to apoligise, the next day they had purchased 5 brand new top of the range chairs &amp; would not release them until we came to breakfast to demonstate their care.You can tell how much we think of this resort &amp; above all there whole ethos , very English orientated &amp; educated.We have seen the same people holidaying year after year who like us return for all the reasons and always find the quality exceptional.I would add that from the months of june through to August it is exceptionally hot and would not reccomend taking very young children/babies.Please go it is an experience out of this world not to be missed and you will never want to go anywhere else its truly amazing.	
Dec 25 2007 	Gorgeous upscale resort - didn't want to leave!	We absolutely loved this hotel to death! We booked the premium club package with Mina Al Salam first, but received an upgrade by surprise, and it was such a good surprise, too!Breakfast was very well done - lots to choose from at the buffet, from fruits, to pastries, to hot food and juices. As was afternoon tea and pre-dinner canapes, which were enough to fill you up for dinner! The staff were very attentive, and even took note that it was our anniversary! That even filtered through to the restaurant, Pierchic, who provided us a chocolate mousse cake to celebrate.The resort is just so lovely! You have unlimited access to the golf buggies, canal boats, private beach, resort pool, etc. And plenty of entertainment around to keep anyone amused! Our room was very spacious - I loved the 2 x queen size beds next to each other. And the bathroom had lots of room. Interior wasn't tacky at all! It's actually quite tasteful, something I would love for my own bedroom! We had an issue after we checked out, as technically we were still considered guests for that day. But one of the guards by the boat stations wouldn't let us on, as our name was not on the list that was provided in the morning. As soon as we complained, the day manager apologised and provided us a Bentley on our transfer back to the airport. Otherwise, we had such a great time, and would have loved to stay there for at least an extra week!	
Dec 11 2007 	Amazing honeymoon	It was an amazing honeymoon. We stayed at the hotel for six nights and had a really wonderfull room and excellent service from the staff. Apart from the hotel itself the whole of madinat complex was excellent and had all the things you need for a relaxed but not at all boring holiday or honeymoon... I will definately recommend it to everyone especially newlyweds.	
Dec 3 2007 	Exquisite hotel with perfect service	In October a friend and I spent four memorable days in a Premium Leisure Club room in the Al Qasr. Words cannot describe the wonderful experience, which covers every moment of our stay in the hotel, from the minute we were welcomed and brought to the special check-in lounge, to the minute we left. The hotel itself is surrounded by water, flowers and vegetation, that makes you forget you are in a country surrounded by dessert, the rooms are very big, the beds are huge and all the amenities in both the room and the lovely bathroom are wonderful. The service and the attitude of everyone working in the hotel is perfect and the whole atmosphere of the hotel is so tasteful, that you don't want to leave. We had the chance to stay in another five star, luxurious hotel in Dubai for one night before flying back home and so we were able to feel the difference, not in luxury, but in background, ambience and service. It could never be compared to the Al Qasr. We loved every moment of our stay at the Al Qasr and would love to go back! I highly recommend the Premium Leisure Club rooms.	
Nov 21 2007 	al Quasr	we stayed at the al qasr in july i think and had a wonderful time after staying at la royal-meridian the previous year which was also excellent!We booked the hotel with the premium club etc but to be honest we just had a bad time !the limo never arrived so we had to pay for a taxi ourselves which was refunded at the end of our stay!the hotel blamed our travel agent which we don,t believe after all if you book premium then it is normal for free limo transfers from the airportalso the staff turnover in this hotel is unbelievable hardly any body from 3 months before !the russian lady in the premium lounge was rude and ignorant! she only seem to care about our german/russian fellow guests,the other staff in the premium lounge could,nt do enough and they said they had other guests complaining about her !Anyway dubai is great but never go back to this hotel move on try some where different!For Us the THE MAGIC HAD GONE VERY SAD TO REPORT !	
Nov 3 2007 	A very special hotel on Jumeira beach!	We booked our 6-night holiday with Trailfinders, which offered us the best price compared to everyone else including the hotel itself (we also got much higher quotes from Kuoni, Thomas Cook and Premiere). We were a bit concerned before travelling as we were going to Dubai over the Ramadan period, but we needn’t have worried. The only differences were lack of live music and no alcoholic drinks before 7pm.We chose to upgrade to Premium Leisure, which included airport pickups in a nice limo and access to the Premium Leisure and Executive Lounges. Our room was very spacious and nicely decorated. The bed consisted of two double beds pushed together, but there wasn’t a gap between them, so it felt like one huge bed. The bathroom had two sinks, a deep bath, a large shower area and a separate toilet / bidet room. The shower pressure was the best I have ever tried, but we did notice slight temperate fluctuations. The room included every amenity you could possibly want, except Wi-Fi and CD/DVD player. Internet access was available in the room, but not free. They even provided beach bags!I would recommend an upgrade to Premium Leisure as it gives free access to a happy hour between 6-8pm (6:30-8pm during Ramadan). We spent almost every night there drinking champagne (Pommery) and eating very nice canapés.The beach was great and lounges were very comfortable. Beach staff went around offering sorbet, fruit and cold towels every couple of hours. Service everywhere was fantastic! Staff didn’t hang around waiting for tips, which can be quite annoying in some resorts (especially in the Caribbean). However, they all work very hard and definitely deserve them.Food and drink:Alcoholic drinks are quite expensive (the cheapest bottle of wine about £20).Breakfast at the Exec Lounge – great, good choice and service!Trader’s Vic – cocktails were pretty good but food was extremely disappointing.Japengo – probably the worst plate of sashimi that I have ever had, but other dishes looked nice.Meat Company – highly recommend, but book in advance.The Wharf – disappointing food and service was very slow.The Mall of Emirates is huge and only about 5 minutes away. The hotel provides free shuttles that leave every hour, but a taxi ride cost us only £1. The Mall is open until 1am. Tip – ask at the Club Lounge whether you are entitled to free tickets to Wild Wadi (I think it’s about £25 each otherwise).	
Oct 28 2007 	Absoult Heaven	Stayed at the al qsar for six nights and it was unbelivable. The service from all the staff is top notch, we have never experianced anything like it. You have everything you need at madinat jumirah within the three hotels and the souks. Food was exellent our two best meals were at al hambra, and mj's. We also stayed at the one and only royal mirage after for four nights, and only felt let down after being at the al qsar, don't get me wrong the mirage is a good 5* hotel but the al qsar is an exellent 5* plus. Will be booking up again soon.	
Oct 18 2007 	Best room ever and fantastic service	Stopped off for a few days here on the way home from Oz and it even topped the Jumeirah Beach from the previous year. Service was top class from the moment we arrived tired early in the morning and we were into our room within an hour of getting off the plane. For this it is worth paying a bit more for the car to pick you up (gets you through passport control quickly) and the Premium Leisure Club.The room was beautiful, dressed in arabic style with a huge and luxurious bathroom and great views across the complex and over to the Burj. It does take some time to find your way around the whole site, but all the staff are very helpful. Plus, you can use the abras that navigate the waterways through the whole site and travel to your restauarant in a very relaxed style.The restauarants are very expensive and it may be worth dropping back to select one of the eateries that are deemed to be less than top class. The meals were fine without being sensational. In fact you could get through the day with the fabulous breakfast in the Leisure Club, afternoon tea and canapes served up on a romantic terrace under the moonlight and with the lights of the Burj gently alternating in the distance.	
Oct 12 2007	Wow!	Quite simply jaw-dropping! From the prancing horses as your taxi rolls up to the entrance to the precision sand patterns in the hall ashtrays, this place is out of this world! If you like it &quot;over the top&quot; then this is for you.Pool is huge, food at the restaurant on the pier is lovely. The bar and nibbles are well worth a visit. Breakfast in the bedouin-tent-like restaurant by the pool was awesome.Rooms are large and well furnished in the &quot;gold tap arabian nights&quot; style. The adjoining gym is excellent and almost empty.Take a ride on the free little water taxis plying the canals in the complex, ogle at the nearby Burj as it changes colour at night , enjoy a strawberry and apple hookah and just soak it all up for a few days.Expensive but special.	
Sep 28 2007 	Dogs Nuts	Absolute bliss...blown away. Our 1st visit to Dubai with our 16 month old son. Splashed out and suprised my wife by booking bentley transfers both ways got to be done if you are staying at the Al Qasr and used Diamond Lease, fantastic service. The hotel and staff were superb we didn't need to ask it was taken care of. Sampled the restaurants in the Souk Madinat and they were brilliant i.e Pisces and the Anusha. As we were part of the Jumeriah group of hotels we got a FREE visit to the hyped Burj Al Arab. To be honest pre the visit I was envious but once inside I couldn't comprehend why people pay £1k a night an upwards for a suite. However, in the 27th floor bar the view from there is fantastic and the visit to the seafood restuarant way below was also great seeing the fish in the tank.. 10/10 in my book staying at the Al Qasr and I am sure next time if we were to stay at the Mina A Salam next door that will be equally as good.	
Sep 27 2007 	fantastic in every way!!	This was our honeymoon so we wanted it to be special. We booked into this hotel and on arrival we were upgraded into a villa classed as 6* with a butler who was so helpful. The room was very large with a sofa area and seperate dressing area and the bathroom was massive with 2 wash basins, a very large shower cubicle, seating area and of course a toilet! There were robes and slippers and all the toiletries you could need. we has a large balcony overlooking the man made river that ran amongst the hotel - you could go on little boats (abras) to get around the hotel otherwise you could be driven around on a golf buggy. The grounds were very beautiful indeed and there was every amenity ever available. The breakfast was lovely - i think about every nationalities breakfast so noone would be hungry. There were loads of restraunts around the hotel which we ate in the moroccan, thai, chinese, a steak house. We didn't eat in the resort every night as having been to dubai before i knew of many nice places to eat. The decorations in the hotel at this time of year were fantastic - bit strange hearing xmas carrols in the sun though! We were away for 2 weeks and we divided our stay with a four night stay in the babs el shams desert resort and spa. We could not fault the al qasr hotel and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The staff were ever so helpful and friendly and the hotel and rooms and pools were immaculate. The gardens were beautiful and the fountain ad horse statues outside the hotel were amazing! The hotel position was right beside a souk ( shopping market) this was a posher version of the traditional souks in the old city and if your after a bargain here is not the place! It was lovely to look around and a short taxi ride which was very cheap took you to the old city with cheap traditional souks - fabrics, spices and just over the creek past the spice souk was the gold souk - there is just soooooo much gold and at unbelievable prices!!!!! We went on a few arranged tours - a jeep safari and dhow cruise which i totally recommend it was brilliant!! There is nothing else to say really we rated everything as top class and will definately go back! Our butler arranged a tour of the burg al arab (the sail one!) and we were glad we were in this hotel as it looked cheap and tacky inside and the door staff were rather unhelpful so although owed by the same person I would visit this hotel again rather than that one!	
Sep 25 2007 	Great hotel	This hotel is higly priced but is worth every euro. It is a mixture of business and vacation hotel, which gives it a nice young atmosphere.Five star plus hotel, fantastic architecture, great rooms, good service, excellent food and great resort with excellent beach. In rhe resort you have a large souk with lot of shops an plenty of bars an good restaurants.Since there is lot of construction going on in Dubai you must be careful not to select an hotel in the middele of the works. Al Qasr is located in a very quit area of Dubai and in the middle of beatiful gardens and next to its private beach far away from the construction works.Dubai is certainly worth the experience and is a booming city.	
Sep 18 2007 	fab fab fab	love this hotel agree with all other positive reviews staff and service excellent, rooms lovely, anything from housekeeping delivered before replacing phone, special mention to hard working boys first floor premium club could not have looked after us any better, recommend MJ restaurant, only complaint weather in September to hot think if Al Qasr had a direct line to God this would have been sorted also.	
Sep 7 2007 	Wow!!!	Spent 4 days here at the start of our honeymoon. What a fantastic place to stay, it really is the best hotel that I have ever stayed in, ever!A magnificent, well thought out, quality building that is absolutely spotless. Clearly no expense has been spared. Our room (212) was an &quot;Arabian Deluxe&quot; and was beautiful. The bed must have been 7feet wide! The room was light, airy and very well air conditioned. The housekeeping staff all do a great job of making the room up everyday and they are a credit to the hotel. We were also impressed with the quality of the fixtures and fittings, in particular the bathroom, which had the best shower that I have ever stood under!!The amenities within the hotel are second to none and there really is sonething for everyone, whether it be a formal Thai meal or steak and chips in the brewsters, Al Qasr has it. We ate at the Burj Al Arab one evening and I realised how over rated the Burj is as the food was no better than the Al Qasr. The only difference being the food is 3 times the price of the Al Qasr. I really cannot recommend this hotel enough and in hindsight, wish we had spent longer here and less time in Mauritius, which was fairly dissapointing. Dubai seemed to be a very very safe place and at no point were we ever hassled by anyone, which is often the case in Arab countries. It is also very child frendly with lots to do and great people who clearly love kids. The shopping in Dubai is also great. The Mall of Emirates will take a day to look around by itself but is worth it just to see the real snow ski slope! We will be back, sooner rather than later......	
Sep 2 2007 	Oppulence at its best!	Following our stay in the Maldives for 10 days at Sun island and Hilton Rangali (see separate reviews) we stayed at Al Qasr -Madinat Jumeirah for 3 days.The property -as I prefer to call it instead of Hotel, as calling it a hotel is an understatement! - is more than magnificent.I would not know where to start if asked to describe the property; the grand entrance, the reception by the helpful staff and their politeness and helpfulness, the amazing room (which by the way was the cheapest in the property namely Arabian deluxe room), the various restaurants which cater for every possible whim and taste, the souk which was superb and very conveniently situated within the property's premises, the unbelievable waterways that give you the impression of a little Venice - only a lot hotter! in August - and the superb beach and sea which came as a surprise.There are various sub-units in Madinat Jumeirah as the Hotel is named: Al Qasr, Dar Al Masyaf and Mina-a-Salaam. They are all superb but Al Qasr and Dar al Masyaf are slightly better roomwise.We booked the room via the hotel's site and we chose to &quot;stay flexible&quot; which is to our opinion the best choice and it means that you get room only and no transfers from the airport. Staying flexible will cost you about one third of the official rate but it is not always available so check for dates of availability.We booked a night (not the whole night obviously!) at Al Hadheerah Desert Restaurant in the middle of the desert and it was something worth doing if you have not done it before.The Dubai's Gold Souk was a big disappointment and we do not recommend it unless you are a gold or diamond expert or trader. You are better off staying at the hotel and visiting the souk there.The Mall of the Emirates is also worth visiting if you would like to buy famous brands or even if you don't! You can even ski in there!We will definetely be returning and certainly staying at the Al Qasr which we very highly recommend to anyone!	
Aug 25 2007 	The best	I should have written this review earlier but I'm sure this hotel is still one of the best hotels.Our stay was more than great. I really felt like a queen as soon as I entered the hotel when I was greeted by very friendly staff and was offered a drink while waiting for my room.We booked an Arabian room overlooking the resort...The room was expensive but it really worths it...Awsome room with a great bathroom. My two kids enjoyed the sinbad arae and the gandola boat. They also were happy greeted by giant men everytime they leave the hotel.The swimming pool was the biggest pool I have ever seen in my life. We also swam at the sea and it was very romantic moments especially with the ignited lamps.I highly recommend this hotel if you can afford it.	
Aug 22 2007 	Another brilliant stay at Al Qasr	Our second visit to Al Qasr was just as good as the first. I much prefer it to other hotels which are ranked higher. It has a large pool, good beach access and helpful, friendly staff. As return visitors we were given an upgraded room. We paid for the club executive option which is excellent value for money.	
Aug 9 2007 	Awesome.	Met in airport and driven in limo to hotel, a good start. A warm welcome and excellent check in. Wonderful incense/aroma as you walk in to the palatial entrance. Everyone working in the hotel would acknowledge you whenever they walked past, all very friendly and wanting to help. We stayed at the Jumeirah Beach last year but preferred Al Qasr.Trying to book up again as I'd like longer than a week this time. Shuttle bus to the shopping mall every hour, and also to the Gold Souk a couple of times a week. We went to the beach every day and had complimentary ice lollies, fruit, cold towels, evian water spray. Complete and utter luxury.	
Jul 29 2007 	Al Qasr for the win.	My wife and I headed to Al Qasr after staying at the Burj for two nights. To follow my other review's format, I'll give my brief opinion/review: For the money, it's worth it. It felt very comfortable and the staff was excellent. I liked that we could walk to the Madinate Jumeierah &quot;souk&quot; and shop around or eat. Also, the pool was cozy and the beach was right in back. All in all, very good. I know that other reviewers have stated opinions about the staff, but we found them to be just like anywhere else. No scared looks, no unprofessionalism. Good stuff.The full review:The ride up the road to Al Qasr is interesting. There are about 10 bronze(?) horses in various poses up the center median to the front door. Also, in the center of the courtyard there is a nice horse-head fountain. One of our taxi drivers made fun of the bronze horses in his broken English which my wife and I found very entertaining...We arrived and were taken to the lobby to try some dates and Arabic coffee. I didn't want any coffee, but Mohommed, the host, talked my wife into it. He was very kind and had a great big smile; really made us feel welcome.We paid for the hotel (I was given the choice to upgrade, which seemed appropriate because it included breakfasts and a ride to the airport as well as executive lounge access- never used the exec lounge, though) and were taken to our rooms by Mohammed. My only negative opinion was that our rooms for so far. It was kind of annoying if we forgot anything in our room because it was so far.The room was elegant, but certainly looked a lot less spectacular than the Burj- but we expected that feeling. The tv was small, which I found odd, but other than that nothing too awful. The bathroom was large and had a nice tub and shower. There was a camel cookie waiting for us when we arrived and it looked like a 3rd grader baked and decorated it- a little tacky, but a cute gesture, I suppose.There was a shuttle bus to the Mall of the Emirates that left every 30 minutes that was very convenient. Also, if we needed a taxi, the entourage outside the front door were very accomodating.The price was so much less expensive than the Burj, so I may have liked it more because of that, but I'm not sure. It was a good experience and I'd recommend it.	
Jul 18 2007	Just perfect!	Stayed here as part of a romatic weekend away and it was perfect. Disagree with previous reviews positioning this as only a family hotel as we found it to be very private and romantic. Maybe the pool was a bit loud but we stayed by the beach- which by the way is out of this world. Two cleaners are on standby incase they notice any garbage on the beach, great chezlonges, towels and service, u will feel pampered like never before and the view of the Burj is amazing. You won't have to leave the resort with all the F&amp;B options available, highly recommend the noodle house for a delicious asian meal- and a bit cheaper than the hotels restaurants. Another well kept secret is the upper terrace of Shoo Fi Ma Fi with chillout music, shisha and drinks all in magical atmosphere- not sure if this will go on in the summer though.Great great hotel that you have to visit if ur coming to Dubai. Now I have to go treat my PMD (Post Madinat Depression).	
Jul 8 2007 	Just Superb!	An absolutely beautiful hotel that defies words. We had the basic Arabian room and it was fantastic and would have been more like an upgrade room anywhere else. Our balcony looked over the sea to the left, the waterways and abras in front and the Burj al Arab to the right.Spectacular!My only gripe is that I feel you are graded into the have and have-nots by what you want to spend on things and whether you refuse to pay for an upgrade on arrival. Also I booked direct with Jumeirah and had to only give a credit card number to hold the booking till our departure. I wanted to pay the bill in cash/debit card but on arrival was told that not only would the full room rate be held straight away from my debit account but also a daily allowance as we had no breakfast included in the room rate or any other meals. So not only did they put a stop on my account fot the 5 night stay but also 5 days daily allowance irrespective of the fact that I had no intention of eating morning noon and night in the hotel. This was held on my account until checkout when I settled my bill just for the 5 night stay. Ican understand them being cautious that you may leave the hotel without the means to pay but we all don't have unlimited bank accounts and stay at their hotels as a treat!All in all a wonderful stay, the only problem being that when you then move on to another hotel, as we did to the Jebel Ali , the Al Qasr is in a different league.	
Jul 6 2007 	Madinat Jumeirah Best in Dubai	Marvellous, Fantastic, Wonderful, no words can describe it. We stayedfive nights and the experience, the hotel, the staff, the landscape, the beach, everything is like a dream, worth every penny. One of the best if not the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Last year we stayedat Mina A'Salam which was also wonderful, but Al Qasr is even a notchbetter. If you are going to Dubai, stay only at Madinat Jumeirah, theentire hotel complex is fantastic, great location, away from all the hustle and bustle, and still close to the city.	
Jun 24 2007 	paradise	just returned from the al qsar we will never forget the experience we had staying in this hotel the staff treat you as if you are royalty nothing is to much trouble the food was fantastic and plenty of choice there are a range of restaurants around the resort which cater for all the hotel is exceptionally clean the rooms are to die for the bed is fantastic we went there for our 25th wedding anniversary and we feel as if we have had a holiday of a lifetime one which will be very hard to beat if you are thinking of booking this hotel think no more just do it you will not regret it we find it hard to believe that anyone could give this hotel a bad review. hopefully we will return to dubai and when we do we will be returning to the al qsar	
Jun 24 2007 	Awesome Hotel	Everywhere I go, I always use trip advisor to find out useful facts on the destination I am heading to. Usually even the most stunning hotels in the world have poor reviews witten about them which can be really worrying when you have spent a lot of money on somewhere. Al Qasr Madinat is no different!The Al Qasr is a hotel in the Madinat Jumeirah complex which is made up of 3 hotels all styled slightly differently. Next to the complex is the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, the Burj Al Arab and the Wild Wadi water park. All of the above can be reached by the excellent buggy service that operates round the whole place. The Madinat complex is also circled by a beautiful moat which you can be taken around by boat to restaurants or just to take a tour round.Huge tip:If you book a club level room, you get a transfer in a luxury car included in the cost of your stay. We didnt book the club level room but I paid for us to be collected by their transfer. It was AED 300 (about 50 quid) for this service. It isnt just the car you are paying for, as you get off the plane and head towards passport control you are met by a Jumeirah host, whisked through a seperate passport control so you dont have to queue (we were even prioritised ahead of First class passenegers). The drive is about 20 - 30 minutes. Basically well worth £50 as it made a great start to our holiday as we were treated like royalty from that moment. Also because its a hotel transfer, they are expecting you when the car arrives and we were called by name from the moment we stepped out of the car.Another VERY important tip. You need to book your restaurants the day before to make sure you get in. Make sure you email them to book your first evenings restaurant before you go, maybe even the second night too. The only one you can get away with turning up at without a booking is the main buffet restaurant but even there you could have to wait.We arrived about midnight and the check in process was totally painless and the guy who took us to our room gave us all sorts of useful info on the way.Our room was stunning. We had an Ocean view De luxe room. Well worth the bit extra over an Arabian De luxe for the view.Havinng spent time in various fantastic hotels around the world (Europe, USA, Australia, Mauritius, Singapore etc) this hotel is probably my new favourite ever hotel.I can understand the disney type comments, in fact i found that the grand oppulence of the place reminded my a little of Las Vegas, and I dont mean that in a bad way I just mean that absolutely everything has been thought of and designed into this place. I cant stress how fantastic it is.If you are after a historical representation of Dubai then I guess this hotel wont suit you but if you just want a stunning 5 star resort to relax and be treated like stars then this is the place.We ate in the Pier Chic. Pricey but very nice. The Chinese was probably our nicest meal. We also ate in the Italian and the main Buffet restaurant, which were great too. Wine pushes the cost of the meals up. In Pier Chic, our meal was about £100 a head but the wine i ordered was close to £100 (for a wine that would have been about £30 in a UK restaurant). In the Italian our meal was about £75 a head, £60 in the chinese and probably about £30 in the buffet restaurant (i didnt have a bottle of wine in the last one).We went to the Gold Souk, you are hassled a lot by people trying to flog you fake watches and bags and although nothing happened, I felt myself cluthing my camera and wallet very tightly there! Unless you intend to actually buy jewellery I would give it a miss.Take a trip round the Burj, what a place!! Best time to go is around 4.30pm as you can have a look in the 27th floor restaurant and the ground floor one with the huge fish tank.If you are going with kids I would suggest the Jumeriah Beach hotel. Again a fantastic place but probably more a family hotel. The Al Qasr is more aimed at couples but thats not to say you couldnt take kids there.If any other reviews have put you off. Ignore them and go,. go, go. We spent half our time there wondering how people could not say anything other than great things about it.Our 4 nights cost about £900 for the accomodation and our room bill at the end inculding all meals, drinks and whatever else we charged to the room was probably another £900 - £1k. I had taken £500 in cash with me aswell but hardly used any.I want to go on and on about it but will probably bore you. I think you get the picture.I rarely say I will go back somewhere as there are just too many other places to go, but I will deffo be going back here at some point. No question.	
Mar 31 2007 	Dubai dubai doo .....	Madinat Jumeirah is a little bit Disney, a little bit Arabia, a little bit 5 star, a little bit of everything ... but rolled up in a pretty good package. If you are looking for a few days' r&amp;r, with some pretty good shopping and some fun restaurants with superb views, then this is for you. If you are looking for culture, a sense of true Arabian hospitality and history, a truly personal and luxury break, then look elsewehere. I cannot think of anywhere I would have wanted more when my children were smaller than MJ - it's kids' paradise - wall to wall service, kids' buffet by the pool every lunchtime, lifeguards at every turn, it's all there,neatly packaged and ready to go. If you are looking for a romantic getaway for 2, this is surely not it.As for dining - recommend the Chinese restaurant - it is superb! Pierchic - great location, pricey and ok-ish. Thai restaruant - ok, but not the real thing (too mild). Definitely worth going for the exec club - and I did get free internet access.Lovely rooms, immaculate presentation, eager and willing to help. We encountered no problems with check-in, and found the staff competent and professional.About 85% of the other punters were Russian - which isn't a problem as they clearly know how to behave and their children aren't a pain, but it is incredible how they have turned Dubai into Dubaigrad.	
Mar 26 2007 	Excellent - fully recommend!	We booked an executive sea view room - the executive adult only lounge was the best we have ever seen - the selection of breakfast foods, afternoon tea and evening canapes were simply magnificent - there is a lovely elegant balcony to enjoy the fabulous view whilst enjoying all the complimentary offerings in the lounge - unlimited spirits and quality champagne are served for two hours in the evening before Dinner and soft drinks available throughout the day - the only down side for us of the lounge was that they didnt offer complimentary internet access - other than that simply superb! And well worth paying the extra for the club room especially as it is adults only on the 5th floor with another exec room on the 3rd floor where children are allowedWe checked in very early and were lucky that after a lovely coffee and croissant in the exec lounge the room was ready - we had a fantastic view and a gorgeous room on the 6th floor- the service is unfaultable - the bathroom was amazing with top quality toiletries continually replenished - two robes each - one very light cotton and the other a traditional bath robe - lovely soft thick large towels - excellent room serviceThe hotel is a bit disney fied with the boats but we really enjoyed our three days at the hotel - the pools were busy but there were plenty of sunbeds for everyone - lots and lots of lifeguards looking very bored! The sunbeds by the pool are excellent and the service round the pool superb - although the hotel was full when we were there and the pool areas were busy it never actually felt overcrowdedWe may consider one of the beach bungalows next time as a few of them share a private pool so for couples wanting a little more privacy they may be worth considering - these are in a part of the resort called Al Masayef - however these rooms dont include complimentary transfers from and to the airport or the exec lounge access which is included in the Al Qasar exec room package!We enjoyed a wonderful night in the fish restaurant at the Burj Al Arab - very expensive but worth going just to say you have been and experienced the hotel, the wonderful bar and views at the top and the fish tank restaurant experience - the food is very good too! The hotel arranged for a complimentary car to take us to and from the restaurant which was also a very nice touchWe also ate in the Thai restaurant on the resort and this was far more affordable - the food was fantastic!! Again the service was great and it was different to go on a little boat ride round to the restaurant!The souk is great - lots and lots of shops!The hotel is exceptionally clean and well maintained and we wouldnt hesitate to go back to this hotelIt isnt cheap but with the exec room package it was fairly good value for money - the quality of the offerings in the exec room really is undescribable- it really is that good!!!Enjoy!!	
Mar 25 2007 	Large and opulent	My husband and I stayed at the Al Qasr for 2 nights as part of our honeymoon. The hotel was certainly grand and impressive albeit a little impersonal. Unfortunaltely we did not have time to see much of Dubai and wish we had stayed a little longer. The hotel was very much a 5*. The facilities and amenities were excellent. The breakfasts were absolutely incredible with everything imaginable on offer. (Including creme brulet!) Our room was a very good size and beautifully deocrated in arabian style. Very comfortable and the balcony had fantastic views. The staff were very professional and we received a beautiful basket of fruit, chocolates and wine as a honeymoon gift which was a pleasant touch. The transfers provided by the hotel were in private luxury cars. The transfer from the airport was about 40 minutes.The waterways around the Jumeirah hotels were very handy and added a little something different to other hotels on Jumeirah Beach. We did not eat at the hotel, choosing to eat once at the Argentian steak restaurant in the Jumeirah Beach Hotel and once at the Burj. Both were excellent albeit a little pricey. We had two courses at the Burj and one botte of wine. The bill was over £400 for the two of us however well worth the experience! (Definately try the Wagyu beef!)We spent one afternoon at the Wild Wadi Waterpark which was great fun. If you stay at any of the Jumeirah hotels entrance is free. It's not as big as the Florida waterparks but still a good size with a number of water rides and lazy rivers etc. Well worth a visit. There is plenty to do in Dubai - including an indoor snow slope, the gold souk, desert driving etc. The weather was very hot in September but not unbearable as long as you dip in the pool or have lots of cool drinks!Overall, we were impressed with the hotel. The location was good-right on Jumeirah beach. The pool was huge and sunbeds very comfortable. The whole hotel was opulent and well decorated. It did seem a little too over the top but that really is the theme of Dubai at the moment and we can understand why some people think of it of a bit of a &quot;disneyland&quot;. But surely it is better to be extravagent than run down?	
Mar 16 2007 	A mixed experience	Good at what it does, but you have to like what it does and be prepared to pay through the nose for it.Dubai is a new (30yrs) development that sometimes tries too hard to pretend to travellers that it has heritage and history it clearly doesn't. This hotel and its sister next door feel very much like a theme park - down to the electrically powered abras in the waterways and the souk. For those who have been to Disney - imagine the Small World experience with sand.If can get past the above points then the hotel itself is luxurious, spotlessly clean and comfortable. Staff are everywhere and perhaps too many around the pools and on the beach.We had no problems with the food and whilst the meal at Pierchic was definately expensive at £250+ for the 2 of us... it was one of the best meals we'd ever had. When I complimented the maitre d' he took the unusual step of telling us we'd had a better experience than usual as a number of guests had cancelled due to a slight storm!Only point that really got me was the price of wine around all the restaurants - £40 for a bottle of house wine and upwards from there.Another reviewer had mentioned delays at check-in. We had the same experience and even though we'd taken the Premium Leisure package which gave us access to the Executive Club etc, it took us 2 hours to get our room on arrival. This was bad enough but the real issue was being told it was going to be first 20 minutes, then 40, then an hour etc etc.The beach was great, right next to the magnificent Burj al Arab. The city itself is amazing to see for the amount of building work going on and I've never seen so many Ferraris, Bentleys etc in my life. So - not really our thing but an experience we wanted to have. Back to the Caribbean next year most likely.	
Feb 13 2007	Unfortunatly not that good	Now don`t get me wrong the place is good allright - it`s just not very good or anything like &quot;historic&quot; - Michael Winner would say .... To avoid the booking problems some reviewers wrote about we booked all restaurants in advance - and that was very clever (thanks for that advice !!) - because all the places are fully booked all the time .... Sum up a few points: - Food: Ate at Pierchic - good (by far most upmarket place in &quot;town&quot;) but very - and i mean really expensive - 2 Kids / 2 grown ups (btw they do not allow kids &lt; 16 since we left anyway..) - 2 bottles of wine (average stuff though) 400 Euros...  Steak place (former Napa) - lots of chi-chi, you can choose your type of knife btw ... lots of sauces and stuff .. - but the actual steak quality below average - on the though side .... - not done the way ordered ... Wharf at Mina Salam ... - realy bad... food like NHS run hospital ... brrrrr .... Thai place actually pretty good - nice staff - caring attentative - and wok dishes excellent - but again be prepared for something like 40 Euros/main course .... La Peligrina (or something like that) - Mexican place at Jumm.-Beach hotel - lots of Meat - better then Steak house in Al Qasr but nothing special... -cheaper though .... great view on the 25th floor ... So you see overall not bad - but absolutly overpriced at least for Euro-Land .... do not expect Michelin star food no-where ... Room - had Superior Sea View Room - good, huge bed - small balcony .. good vista ... -nice bathroom - that was 5 star Ok - but not stunning.... Staff - well they seem to run on &quot;full auto&quot; if you get my drift ... everything done by the book ... - but do not expect anything out of the routine thing ... i did read the reviews prior to our booking and many times came across - &quot;treated like royalty..&quot; -i`d say if Queens folk would be treated like that i guess - lots of monchars would be sorry for the job ... - we were in their Premium leasure Club programm - but this made no difference at all ... - the staff is allright but without beeing negative to our eastern european partner countries at all - 80% of the girls and guys can not speak proper english and you can sense that their whole behaviour is one of &quot;fear of doing something wrong&quot; and therefore beeing subject of dressing down lecture (or even worse..) - so the &quot;vibes&quot; coming across from the people is not making yourself feeling too relaxed .... - i am struggeling for words here .. but it`s just missing &quot;happy mood&quot; i guess ... Pool and beach - OK ... but as many of the reviewers mentioned allready having 15 lifeguards covering the main pool is very - very OTT - they just stand around like Bhuddas and actually contribute to the strange feeling one might have allready ..... Nice beach tents though ... - and lods of sun loungers so no need to do the &quot;german excercise&quot; in the morning ... Gym at Mina-Salam - equipment very good (no technogym treadmills though..) but no view on beach/sea or anything it`s an indoor job ... I guess to summerize - the place is OK for a 5 star operation - ìt`s just a bit Disneyland (does anybody remember the movie &quot;futureworld&quot; - that would fit even better..) - nothing`s real be it food/staff/Abras type boats ... and it`s by all means not an &quot;unforgetable&quot; experience .. - well maybe the bill is ....	
Feb 8 2007	Absolute Luxury- Arabian Palace!!	What can i say! stunning! Ignore any bad reviews- if there is any! My boyfriend and I stayed for the first time in Dubai for 10 nights in August 2006 and i havent stopped telling people about it since! The food, service, scenery and the elegance make this hotel truly fantastic!Amazing scenery. i'l never forget our first night in Dubai, we went in the sea outside the hotel (private beach exclusive to the hotel) around half 7. The sea was like a beautiful clear hot bath, and there was sand coming across from the arabian desert, which cast a sort of evening mist across the hotel. With the Burj Al Arab in the background and the Al Qasr lit up like a palace, it was truly breath taking.The temperature when we went was around 45 degrees everyday, with 100% humidity nearly every day. Coming from the UK this was a bit overwhelming at first but we grew to love it. Only downside (girls mainly) is that it is still extremely humid in the evening with temperatures going no lower than 39 degrees, and this can be a little overwhelming after a boiling hot day, and most importantly- that sort of humidity can affect a nice hairstyle!There are canals that run around the complex, and little boats (abrahs) which take you from one part of the hotel to another, for free. i think these were also issued because of the heat, and the size of the hotel! They added so much beauty and elegance, and excluding venice, this is a rare sight for a hotel! you know your in luxury when you get dressed for an evening out and get taken to the restaurant in a little river boat!The hotel pool is beautiful. it is private, and you'll need to show your room card and write your name down to access it. Always clean and very cool, which was a blessing with such hot weather! never had trouble getting a lounger, and the pool staff will bring you towels and take orders for food and drink. the hotel has a private stretch of beach wich has a lifeguard at all times. pure white sands and crystal waters. only downfall, the sea is extremely salty. and sea gets very choppy in the afternoon, so be sure to do watersports in the morning. as i said before, sea is very warm and can clearly see tropical fish swimming round your feet.! when your on the beach, hotel staff bring you complimentary ice lollies, fresh fruit, and freezing cold flannels. the latter is such a blessing in the heat, and they smell like vanilla! We stayed in an Arabian Deluxe Room, which is the basic that they offer. however, it doesnt deserve this name. consisting of a massive king sized bed, luxury bathroom- two beautiful sinks, power shower, bath. Massive t.v, balcony with deck table and chairs and beautiful view of the canals and complex. and they leave little chocolates on your pillow every morning after it's been serviced- which they do twice a day! you are also given complimentary white bath robe and arabian slippers!The hotel staff deserve a paragraph to themselves! we've never known service and politness like this! ANYWHERE we went in the hotel, a member of staff would greet you 'good morning/how are you, madam/sir.' At first we thought this was a one off, but they have been trained to the highest standards. Any little request you may have, they will go out of their way to help you, with the highest level of politness! Always smiling and helpful, even in the extreme temperatures! these little things added so much to our experience!The restaurants! we visited a few of the more expensive ones, but they are well worth the money. my favourite was the pier chick, sea food restaurant situated at the end of the pier outside the hotel. the view from the pier at night, was again breathtaking. the food was beyond this world- try the prawns! i can still taste them now! we also visited the burj-al arab (worlds only 7 star hotel- looks like a big sail!) there are two main restaurants, the sky tower and the undersea fish restaurant. we chose the underwater one. it was incredible. i wont ruin the suprise but the way you are taken to the restaurant is unique! very steep in price however- £200 for 2 course for 2 people. bring smart dinner jackets/wear as they are very funny about this. (men have to wear long sleeved dinner jackets)Excursions- we did a few. The dow dinner river cruise. (ask your travel guide) this was pleasant, very romantic. however, to get to the ship is over a two hour drive from the hotel, and traffic in Dubai is awful. there is live music on board and a buffet, and the ship takes you up and down the river. about 2hrs 30 mins in length. we also did the dune bashing on our final night- 4x4 takes you up and down the sand dunes for an 1hr 30 mins- more fun than it sounds. they stop on a dune at sunset, where u can take pictures- very beautiful. You will then arrive at an arabian camp in the middle of the desert, where you can ride a camel, take pictures in traditional arabian dress, smoke the 'hubbly bubbly'- arabian traidition of different flavoured (non- tabacco) smoke. there is a big buffet offering arabian veg and meat food- however my boyfriend had slight food poisioning from this as we dont think its very well cooked/re-heated. take lots of water with you!When you stay in this hotel you have free complimentary access to the Wild Wadi Water Park- shuttles run every half an hour from reception. This was great fun for ALL ages! Spend a day here, they take lots of pictures for you when your on the water rides with underwater cameras and you collect them at the end- quite pricy, but worth the memories!I could talk about this hotel and Dubai for hours, but i wont go on. I think I've covered the main points of my trip, but feel free to email me if you have any other questions or queries and il tell you as much as i can. This hotel is the best i've ever experienced. My boyfriend has travelled the world, and he says he would struggle to compare a hotel to the standard of this one. Go- you will not be dissapointed! :-)	
Jan 25 2007	Treated like royalty at Al Qasr	We stayed at the Al Qasr for the first time last March. We had previously stayed three times at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. Without doubt, this hotel is by the far best hotel we have ever stayed in. We chose rooms in the premium leisure section which was fantastic. With a separate place to have breakfast, afternoon tea, pre-dinner canapes and &quot;happy 2 hours&quot; every night, what more could we have wished for. The premium leisure staff were fantastic, nothing was ever too much trouble for them, they knew our names and got to know us every day. From the moment we arrived, we were ushered to the premium leisure check-in, sat down and handed glasses of champagne (out of happy our too). If we had wanted to do the hotel &quot;on the cheap&quot; we could have actually had the afternoon tea and pre-dinner canapes alone, instead of having dinners out, there was that much choice. The canapes consisted of a buffet of hot and cold food, which changed nightly.Our rooms were fantastic, with huge balconies and large bathrooms. On arrival our bathroom was covered in lit candles. We had fruit, water, chocolates and other boxes of goodies delivered daily. We sat by the pool most days, lunching in the souk or one of the restaurants by the pool. I am amazed when I read the other reviews that people have bad comments, hence my reason for adding a review so late on after visiting Al Qasr. The staff seemed extremely friendly and very genuine. We really were treated like royalty. On one occasion my husband and I were walking along a path where there was dirty water flowing from a path that was being cleaned. A security guard stopped us from walking over the dirty water, hailed over a buggy and got the buggy driver to drive us over the dirty water so as not to dirty our feet! The restaurants are likewise fantastic. We ate at Segreto, Paithai, Pierchic, Zeng He's, Meat Co, Napa and the fish restaurant at the Jumeirah Beach. They were all fantastic and no complaints whatsoever. On previous visits we had eaten at both restaurants in the Burj and were slightly disappointed. The restaurants at the Madinat are far more relaxed and enjoyable.All in all, Al Qasr is the best hotel we have ever stayed in, so much so we are going back there this March, we have our restaurants all booked and cannot waitJo	
Jan 8 2007 	Exceptional hotel but booking facilities a pain	As we had our teenage children there were 4 of us so we booked a Chrysler van pick up from the airport via the hotel which worked well and was reasonably priced. The check in couldn't have been easier -we were taken to our rooms and completed the paperwork there with no delay whatsoever.Our 2 rooms were of very good quality with all of the facilities we needed .We had breakfast every day in the hotel in the Arboretum where there was a huge choice from English breakfast to Sushi.We spent most of our days just lounging by the pool area where the staff were very helpful and there was no difficulty finding loungers. Previous reviews have commented on the over supply of lifeguards and it was quite amusing with a lifeguard every 20 feet around the pool-you almost felt that if you took a poor stroke they would dive in to assist!We ate at the lebanese restaurant in the Souk which was good. My major criticism is the nightmare of getting a restuarant reservation in the hotel (or booking anything else). We eventualy ate at the Wharf (a little ordinary )and at Pierchic (which was very good). However this was after numerous attempts to book both 24 and 48 hours ahead to be told that we should have booked a week ahead when we were still in London. It took a complaint to the head Concierge to get us in to the restaurants. In the case of the Wharf i simply can't understand why we were originally told it was full as there were at least 5 spare tables all the time we were there. We wanted to go to the Meat Co but the only way of doing it-as all tables were booked was to take the risk as a walk in but we preferred the certainty of a reservation and gave up.My wife did want to try the spa but again were told that nothing was available at any time 2 days ahead and that most guests were return bookers who had the foresight to make their reservations some weeks ahead.The most amazing thing was the sheer dominance of the Russian guests-at least 80% of those present seemed to be Russian-of course i have no objection to that it's just quite noticeable.We went to the gold souk -as everyone says the traffic is a nightmare taking almost an hour to get there at 7pm. That night we ate at the revolving restauant in the Hyatt Regency which gives some exceptional views of the Creek area-and the traffic jams below! It has a fixed price buffet which had a huge choice. One interesting experience whilst my wife shopped in the Mall of the Emirates (prices higher than in London) was to try the attached ski run-I think it's 400 metres long and is a good way to spend an hour and get out of the shopping experience !	
Jan 2 2007 	Arabian Paradise	I was surprised by my boyfriend with a 5 day break to Dubai in August 2006. I had no idea where i was staying, what area and especially what hotel. We pulled up at this striking hotel and it just takes you in. Staff treat you like royalty when you arrive, and check in is like no other hotel ever. Even after that, you never have to look for more than 2 seconds to find a memeber of staff that is more than willing to help you out. The decor was all Arabian themed (as this is something my boyfriend wanted) and it was breathtaking, completely astounding. Even more amazing when you go outside is your method of transport around the complex - boats (or Abra's) around a man made lagoon that spans the entire hotel with water sucked in and recycled straight from the sea. Add to this the most amazing rooms / bathrooms, private beautiful beach. Service to match no other hotel i have ever been in. An even more magical holiday as i got proposed to and have already decided that i will be going back to Dubai and to the Al Qasr for part of my honeymoon. This was a trip of a lifetime and i will never forget it. Thank you to the staff of the Al Qasr for making this trip amazing, and i know my fiance is very grateful for all their help in arranging the night he proposed. Can't wait to return in 2008!	
Dec 6 2006 	The best hotel we have ever stayed in in the world!!!	The Al Qasr was the first hotel we stayed in on our honeymoon and we think that it is the best hotel that we have ever stayed in, in the world.When we arrived at the hotel we were given refreshing fragrant towels to freshen up with, then we were given orange juice with mint in to hydrate us, and finally we were given dates which were delicious. We were then taken through to check-in and given our room which was a few hours earlier than the stated check in time but not an issue at all.The room was simply fantastic! In terms of cleanliness I just cannot fault it, it is the cleanest hotel I have ever been to. As we were honeymooners, we received flowers, chocholates, champagne, fruit, pastries etc and there were rose petals and swans made out of the towels on the bed...so much thought and attention had gone into our welcome.We stayed here for 5 heavenly days which went far too quickly. Most days we sat by the pool, which was fantastic in itself. One day I had cucumber slices brought to me to put on my eyes, on another day we were brought fruit kababs. And on most days we were brought cold refreshing towels and complimentary still water.We tried out the spa a couple of times. All the staff in the spa are courtious and helpful. We had massages and I had a manicure, both of which were amazing. Before the treatments, we used the separate relaxation areas where you are provided with a gown, slippers, towels etc.In terms of restaurants you are spoilt for choice, 42 in all I believe. We tried as many as we could, and they were all lovely, but the one that really sticks out was the Napa restaurant which is part of the main hotel (not in the Souk). The Japango cafe is also good for sushi, but you could not charge to the room here for some reason so we had to go and get some cash from the ATM.The best way to get around the resort is by an Abra boat. We never tipped the drivers once (nobody seemed to wait around for a tip) and they were so friendly, giving us information about the hotel all the time and even a tour of the hotel on our first day. On another day we had another tour around the resort on a golf buggy and again the member of staff was really friendly. They even drove us all the way back from the Burj Al Arab one day after we had had a morning drink there...it was easy to access with our room key as it is part of the same chain of hotel and well worth a visit to (especially the bar on the top floor, the views are spectacular). Also, the views of the Burj are lovely day and night from the Al Qasr.We also took advantage of their complimentary bus service to and from both the shopping mall and to the gold souk. They were always on time and very clean.We never met an unfriendly or unhelpful member of staff our whole stay. They could not do enough for us. Even to the point that one evening we came back to the room and a candle was lit by the bath for us. All of our needs were taken care of and we felt like we could have requested anything at all and it was not too much trouble.I would very much recommend this hotel to anybody and we are definately going to have a second visit here in the near future. We had a look inside the other hotel in the resort the Mina' al Salam but it did not look as polished as the Al Qasr. This is a five star hotel and each of the five stars are very much deserved. Well worth a stay in if you are visiting Dubai.	
Nov 27 2006	Very poor service	Had to complain about something everyday. Some examples: Had to wait over 1hr for a childs meal for our baby on the beach. Offered a broken dangerous child seat in the resurant on two occasions. The cleaner gave us a hard luck story about how little he gets paid, and relies on tips, and when we ignored his hints for a tip he failed to clean the room. My wife on several occasions had to ask 3 times for a cup of tea at breakfast. On occasion the service was so bad it was funny, and we have never had to complain at a 5 star hotel before. Have had several strong recomendations from frieds who have stayed here, so can only conclude that experience staff, have been transfered to other hotels etc.The Hotel is very beautiful and the facilities are very good but it was completely ruined by the worst service I can remember. I will stick to One and Only or Le Meridian chain in future.	
Nov 22 2006 	Great Location	Having stayed at Mina A Salam earlier on during our holiday, I was expecting great things from Al Qasr, and although the hotel is fantastic there were a few things that I felt let it down.Our room was lovely, decorated in what I suppose is a modern take on traditional arabian style, with plenty of space and a large bathroom. What let it down was the balcony which was tiny and then beyond the balcony was the flat roof of the floor below, so in order to see any kind of view you had to stand on tip toe. We had only been there for 2 hours when we received a fax asking us to inform reception what time we would be checking out on our final day. That didn't make us feel very welcome.Breakfast is served in the huge &quot;Arboretum&quot; Restaurant, with a choice of tables inside or out. The choice of food is simply amazing with a very extensive buffet and there are a couple of cooking stations that will make omelettes etc. to order. What let it down is that it obviously isn't big enough to cater for the whole hotel, meaning that you had to queue for a table (not exactly what you'd expect in a 5 star hotel)We didn't eat at any of the restaurants in the resort, but we had pre and post dinner cocktails in the Koubba Bar, which was excellent. There was an extensive cocktail menu and you can sit on the terrace and look out over the sea and towards the Burj al Arab, which provided ample entertainment at night with it's changing lights and laser show. The spa treatments were fantastic. The facilities and the private treatment rooms are very palatial and the therapists were brilliant. The only let down was that the spa reception staff were quite rude and that after the treatment they tried to force you to buy the recommended products.I know I've mentioned a few negatives here, but overall the hotel was excellent. The location is great, right on the beach, with easy access to the Mall via the free shuttle, and the Marina only a few minutes away by taxi. The staff in general are really friendly and they can't do enough for you. I'd definitely recommend the Al Qasr to anyone planning a holiday in Dubai.	
Nov 21 2006 	Dubai - Too Busy for its own good?	We honeymooned at the Al Qasr in November - we spent 5 nights at the Al Husn Oman (separate review) and then flew to Dubai for our final 5 nights.We stayed at the Mina Salaam 2 years ago as the resort first opened and were so impressed that we decided to head back for part of our honeymoon and stay at the slightly more expensive Al Qasr. Our transfer from the airport was amusing to say the least (although I do stress this was nothing to do with the hotel) our driver seemed to think we would be able to pick him out in the car park amongst all the other 500 white cars that were there - he then took us to the Souk next to the hotel and told us this was were he had been told to drop us - we explained that we were staying at the Al Qasr to which he got a bit irate and made a phonecall complaining to his boss yelling at him that he was told to drop us there and not the Al Qasr - good start!The Al Qasr reception was packed and chaotic (nothing like the traquility of the Al Husn) - we were shoved in a corned and after about 15 minutes were told our room wouldn't be ready until at least 3.00pm (it was now 12.30pm) we were told we could freshen up if we so wanted and were asked for a mobile number and told we would be contacted when the room was ready and basically just left. We were not even offered a cool drink or anything after our journey (which we had been in the same situation at the Mina Salaam 2 years prior and in the Al Husn). We wandered off and went for a bite to eat in which the service was slow - we waited about 15 minutes for our drinks to arrive - not a good start for a place that rates itself on quality of service. About 2.45 we received a call that our room was ready - we wandered up to reception (which takes a little while) only to be met with blank faces and shoved in yet another corner - at which point we were told we had been upgraded to a summer villa in the Dar As Masyaf! Another 20 minute wait and someone finally came to take us to our room - the room/villa itself was lovely but very cut off - can only be accessed really by buggy or Abra. The 24 hour porters were helpful but they were needed to change money and book restaurants etc as it took a good 15 minutes to get to the reception area from where we were. The room was a good size but there wasn't realy any privacy - the Abra's were constantly going past the balcony and we also faced a main road although blocked off by shrubbery it was like sitting on the M25- as a free upgrade it was OK but if we had of paid full price for the villa I would have been very disappointed. We ate the first night in the Whart restaurant situated at the Mina Salam - the food was excellent but the service was absoutely dire - we were taken to our table where we sat for 15 minutes at which point I asked a waitress for a menu. We then sat there for a further 15 minutes before she came back - we tried to order wine and she said she couldn't take the order and she would send someone over. Another 10 minutes passed at which point I gave her a look and she sent someone over. At this point oils and dips for the bread arrived - but no bread - after 10 minutes we fianally caught the breadman's eye and he wandered over. The wine turned up as our starters did to which we were told that was good timing - to us it wasn't - it would have been nice to enjoy a glass of wine before eating! Our maincourses arrived fairly quickly but we didn't have any cutlery - to which we had to ask and waited a good 5 minutes for - we constantly had to ask for our wine to be topped up - it was a nightmare - which was a shame because the food was excellent but so let down by such shoddy service - a real surprise in a country that prides itself on luxury and quality of service.Thankfully the service did improve in the other restaurants. Pier Chic is excellent - the food and service spot on, La Parilla in the Jumeriah Beach is excellent - a real carnivores paradise - excellent atmosphere and good service. Zeng He's in the Mina Salam was excellent and very good service.The cocktail bar in the Al Qasr is great - a fantastic place to chill out and the souk offers some lively bars - the Band in Zar Bar in the souk on a Tuesday night were brilliant.We did a Dhow Cruise one night was was good fun and worth doing.We had lunch on the Friday at the Marina Seafood attached to the Jumeriah Beach - be warned - there is a dress code - long trousers and shoes - we weren't told of this and my husband turned up in 3/4 length trousers and flip flops - they did let us after a bit of a fuss - (no one had told us about the dress code for lunch) but the husband was asked to not walk around!! Considering that it is a buffet brunch it was a bit silly - the menu was very hard to understand and it wasn't what we expected we wanted to pick of the a la carte menu but instead had one of the weirdest concoctions ever - the place was packed though and it does seem to attract the beautiful people - probably lured by the free sparkling wine on offer. Wouldn't recommend it - also was a bit annoyed to see other men coming in wearing short shorts and the way some of the women were dresses was quite offensive and yet hubby had been told not to walk around in 3/4 length trousers!! Perhaps we were not of the right set!All in all I think this resort has become too popular and too busy and they just can't handle it - perhaps could be described as a victim of its own success. The level of service compared to 2 years ago had fallen dramatically and the resort itself is only just over 2 years old. The service for a 5 star resort is just not up to scratch.I think they are pushing Dubai to its limits - you get stuck in traffic everywhere you go and a lot of the building work isn't finished yet - if the roads can't cope now - how will they cope in 5 years when it is all complete?Compared to 2 years ago this was very disappointing - lets hope they pick up their game soon.	
Nov 12 2006 	Pure Opulence	We spent a week at the Al Qasr with our 4 year old son in November. We were astounded by the extremely high level of service provided from the moment we arrived to our departure.Cold towels on arrival with traditional dates and Arabic coffee were served to us, check-in was easy, a few forms as usual and then straight to our room. .Our room was amazing, immaculately clean and well presented.All members of staff were always courteous and nothing was ever too much trouble....in fact quite the opposite. Other members have written about &quot;false friendliness&quot; and lack of good service. This was certainly not our experience. We were always greeted with a smile and never had to lift a finger all week. By the pool we were treated daily to cold flannels, sliced cucumber for your eyes, fresh fruit on skewers and refreshing home made orange lollies!! Life guards were always vigilant and provided a professional service. All restaurants we ate in provided an impeccable level of service and quality of food. The aray and choice of each restaurant menu is fantastic. Our son was treated like royalty everywhere we ate and indeed throughout the whole week.We cannot fault this hotel in any way and will definitely be returning next year for more of the same!	
Nov 1 2006 	Service not worth top Euros charged	the hotel complex ,the rooms and the restaurant for half board are all very beautiful. At the beach nice wooden beds with comfortable matresses are offered and there is enough space even when Medinat is full.we booked a seaview room. our flight arrived late at night,and we had to change rooms 3 times because the check in agent wanted to give us rooms with obstructed views. I apologized for causing so much work to the luggage porter,and he told me that he is used to roaming through the hotel because &quot;they always want to get rid of the worst rooms first&quot;the bad service continued at the beach, where we had to wait for drinks 45 minutes.at breakfast one had to wait for a table in queue because there were not enough tables for all guests.this is only very aggravating because a night at Al Quasr is 600 Euros minimum and for this amount of money I can stay at a Four Seasons hotel where service is impeccable.Al Quasr has to decide if they want to continue to charge top euros then they have to offer top service or they lower the prices.right now I feel one is overcharged in comparison to all other Asian beach hotels	
Oct 23 2006 	Hotel Par Excellence	My husband and I chose Al Qasr based on comments in Trip Advisor. It was the only Dubai hotel that did not have a single bad review! (it was ranked No1 when we read the reviews although it has dropped in the rankings now). It certainly lived up to our expectations. The decor was in excellent taste (certainly not &quot;Disneyland&quot; as one writer has described it); the quality of the furnishings of a very high standard; the service impeccable; the food delicious and again of very high quality; and the staff always courteous and friendly.Courtesy of my previous job, I have stayed in some of the world's top ranked hotels, for example, the Peninsula in Hong Kong, the Oriental in Bangkok and the Hassler in Rome. The Al Qasr is easily on par with all of them. It is an excellent hotel and we shall certainly return there, if and when we return to Dubai. UK	
Sep 27 2006 	Gone to heaven..................	Wow!!!!!This was my first impression of the Al Qsar. We arrived in Dubai, spending the 5 previous night in Sri Lanka. This stop off in Dubai was for our first wedding anniversary. It was our first trip to Dubai, but we have already booked to go back next year!We had joined the premier Lesiure Club, so we were speedily transported to the hotel in a top of the range mercedes. On entering the hotel, you know you are in for a treat, when you see the gold horses that line the drive.We were greated by 2 huge men dressed in ancient arabian dress, who took our suite cases and that was the last we saw of them until we got to our room. We were escorted into the main entrance, which was grand and opulent and was whisked off to the premier leisure club for check in and afternoon tea.Afternoon tea, was something else!! The choice and presentation was out of this world, and we soon knew we would be going home quite a few pounds heavier than when we arrived!We were shown to our room, which was beautiful with a true arabian feel. Everything you could imagne or need is in your room. A huge comfortable bed, a stylish bathroom and a minibar that looks like a small supermarket! The veiws from our balcony were impressive, with the sea in front and the Burj to our right and the little abrams floating pass below. Our room boy really looked after us, changing our sheets every day, turning down our bed at night with tokens of chocolate, leaving us 4 bath sheets each every day and lighting the candles around the bath for a romantic feel when you entered your room at night.We had room service on our first night, which was fantastic, they set everything up on our balcony to perfection, where we sat and ate whist we watched in awe, the burj change colour.Although the burj is apparant where ever you are on this resort, it is not an eye sore, it is quite the opposite. The resort is beautiful, with merandering waterways, fantastic architecture and service beyond belief. You can get lost in your own company if you want or just mingle with other holiday makers. The hotel is so clean and is constantly being polished and buffedThe beach has golden white sand and the arabian gulf sea is as warm and as clear as a bath. The beach attendants bring you cold face towels (which is welcomed in the heat) fruit skewers and cucumber for your eyes.After leaving the beach around 6pm, we would then go for a swim in the amazing pool which is open until 10pm every night. The pool is so pretty at night as it has led's in the bottom and it all lights up. ( life guards in attendance until 10pm)There was so much to do, we couldn't fit everything in. We went to the Wild wadi water park as this is complemetary and had a great time. My husband is a keen skier, so we caught the free shuttle to the mall of emeraites ( which is huge - ladies hang on to your credit cards!!) and he skied for a couple of hours, which only cost about £30, but he said it was very sereal as you can imagine going from 40 degrees to minus 15!!!. At nights it was great to come out of the hotel catch a water taxi and go to the local souk ( arabian shopping centre - on the resort- 2 mins by water taxi- open till 11pm) where you can barter with the stalls and shop and then afterwards dine in one of the water front restuarants or drink in one of the bars before catching a water taxi back to the hotelAs it was our first anniversary we treated ourselves to Al Mahara - the underwater sea restuarant at the Burj. What an experience!! The Al Qsar arranged a lift to the Burj in one of their finest cars. We had a simulated submarine ride to the restuarant and sat next to a huge aquarium wall, filled with sharks and tropical fish. The Burj presented us with a cake for our anniversary which was a lovely touch.We were then whisked back to the AL Qsar in a gleeming white rolls royce from the Burg - what a night!!!I would definatley suggest upgrading to the premier leisure club. You have two club rooms you can use. Breakfast is a quite affair, where again the choice is endless, you have a chef that cooks fresh eggs anyway you want and you can choose to dine in or outside. You then have afternoon tea which i have already mentioned and then between 6-8pm you can go to the 5th floor executive lounge and drink to your hearts content, any drink you want, even champagne and nibble on the hot and cold treats. We didn't sample many restuarants on the site ( over 40 in total) as we ate all the time at the premier leisure club - there is no need to eat out every night if you belong to this!We were made to feel so special, we never lifted a finger and the service was impeccable. They always greated us by our name and filled out cups/glasses as soon as they were empty - but don't get me wrong this wasn't in your face service, because I know this kind of service can sometimes be too much! I think all the staff must be on happy pills, because all the staff constantly smile and say hi, have a nice day madame!The hotel is fantastic, from its deor, facilities, surroundings and service and I can not wait to return next year, with the rest of my family in tow!	
Sep 25 2006 	Disneyworld meets Arabia	I have to admit that this hotel has a grand style, and Madinat Jumeirah is a novel concept, but my overall feeling was that I didn't like it. The rooms (both public rooms and the bedrooms) are very beautifully furnished, and made to look like an Arabian palace. No expense spared. There is also a series of waterways/canals, upon which you can be 'chauffeured' about the resort for free, in fleets of small electric powered 'abras' (water taxis) which you hail at quays dotted around the various places you might want to visit, eg the Health Club, the Souk, the restaurants etc. A lot of thought has gone into it, but it felt like a very grand version of Disneyworld Orlando hotels, to me. The souk is a re-creation of a traditional souk but it lacks all the atmosphere of the real thing. You felt that the shopkeepers were discouraged from bargaining. The ground floor foyer Bar was a stuck up place where the hotel's desire appeared to be to encourage rich locals to sip tea and eat cake and ice cream. When we sat down and were handed a menu of exclusively non alcolholic beverages and teas etc, we got up to leave, believing we had not found 'the bar'. At that point the waitress produced a second menu with all the alcoholic drinks in it. The next night, we tried again, same result, you actually have to ask for the menu with the drinks in it, and it was not during Ramadan when we visited. The breakfast which was included in the price was excellent but again the restaurant was crowded, and this was low season. I would hate to stay here in high season. We tried the Thai restaurant Pai-Thai one night, it also was very busy such that the staff were actually running between the tables. It was noisy and a poor experience, especially given the price, although the food was fairly nice. The other drawback is that we found it nigh on impossible to get a table at the restaurants in the Souk complex. Although you are advised to book, they were invariably full up when we tried to, especially in non smoking. This resulted in us taking a taxi to eat outside the hotel one night, in desperation. Perhaps we were unlucky? The aspect I disliked the most was the sense of 'big brother watching over ' the staff. We saw a series of visits by 'management' to the various restaurants which only seemed to agitate the staff, who were performing very well. The staff were 100% nice polite and sweet, but they all seemed nervous, and we were told of fines and wages being docked, for minor transgressions of hotel policy (like failing to pull down the ear flaps properly, on the absolutely ridiculous looking hats that the beach and pool staff had - they looked like a cross between the French Foreign legion and Deputy Dawg). The control freak atmosphere continued by the pool, with lifeguards stationed about every 20 metres round the (long) perimeter . You felt like you were under observation and it wasnt relaxing to swim like that, and this despite the fact that the pool was only about 1 metre deep, at its deepest point! Reading this back I seem to have been very negative, and in fact this is quite a unique place, and one which it is probably a good idea to experience it (once). Actually I am glad I tried it, but I shan't be going back. I would say that the Only and Only Royal Mirage just up the road has equally good decor but with a far better atmosphere and happier staff.	
Sep 23 2006 	heaven	we had travelled for four nights with my 2 kids and we all lved it.this is my first to al qasr ,although i have stayed at jumeirah beach.i got quite a cheap deal and was more than worth it. the kids club was entertaining and wild wadi was just a hop away .the best thing was the staff,they were so nice and courteous,you just cant get better hospitality than this.after i stayed here all my friends and family have visitedalso just because i was recommending it so much. i will be returning every year for my week of heaven .please whoever runs the hotel is so phsyched into knowing what the customer wants,should pat themselves for their efficiency.dont even think about not going to this hotel,cause if a miss fusspot like me had no complaints then thats all i have to say.	
Sep 21 2006 	Al Qasr - A MUST !!!!!	I stayed at the Al Qasr for a week in September - and what a experience !!Having been to Dubai before, I had a general overview of what it was like - but staying at the Al Qasr has just made this a holiday of a lifetime for me. We flew with Emirates, which is an ok airline - we were greated at the airport by our transfer company and took us to our mini-bus. After 20 mins drive we were at the hotel, the entrance is just so grand with gold horses on a water fountain as you enter. We were greated by the staff as you enter and whisked to a lounge where we had cold towels. Our check in took 10 mins and we were given our keys for our room (bearing in mind it was 9:00am, so no waiting around for room, which is usually 3pm). Our room was the size of a one bedroom flat here in London - and the bathroom suite is just LOVELY! Breakfast:- Well, whatever you can think of foodwise - you will get here - there was just so much variety from fresh juices to sushi !!The pool was lovely with staff giving you cold towels, fruit skewers, spraying your face with evian water and cucumber slices for your eyes. The hotel provides a complimentary service to the Mall of the Emirates, which again is just fab !! With loads of shops, designer shops, shopping market (10x the size of a normal tesco), loads of places to eat and Ski Dubai. We also had free complimentray access into the Wild Wadi - water park, which is great fun for adults and childeren. The weather was around 38 - 40oC and whilst travelling along the abras (water taxis) you usually got a lovely breeze.I also got a chance to have a treatment at the Spa, which is a must for all ladies !!The whole complex is like an arabian palace and you never feel that you are part of such a HUGE complex. You are really treated like royalty, with the staff paying so much attention to all details. If you are considering going to Dubai - then the AL QASR is a must you will truly will not be dissapointed and will want to go there again and again.	
Sep 20 2006	opulent	Arrived from Egypt to be picked up by a hotel rep. Took through express passport control and the service just got better and better. A merc limo took us to the hotel where no less than 3 hotel staff greeted us. We were given tea and stuffed dates while our bags were taken up and we checked in. Any call to guest services was quickly delt with as each floor has its own butler. 40+ retaurants in the Madinat Jumeirah resort and everynoe was class. All linked up by water taxi or buggy in beutiful surroundings. It really is like being in venice, especially at night when the oil lamps are lit.Perfect white beaches and pure white sand, I cannot stress how clean and proffesional Al Qasr is. I have stayed at many first class hotels and this ranks among the best.	
Sep 1 2006	al qasr - very god	Just returned from the al qasr, Dubai. This was our second time to Dubai. Have to say the Madinat resort is perfect for the first time visitor. we went last year in Sept 05 when the chldren were back at school and it was very quiet which we loved. This time we went in the last week of August and even though we love kids we wanted a relaxin peaceful holiday. The beach was quite empty but emptier in September which we like. The service is very good but u'll have to say things twice as most staff are east european, sri lankans or from philliphennes.The food at the hotel is very expensive but you can always catch a free shuttle to the mall of emirates which is about 5 mins away every hour and you will find all types of food there. me and my wife ate there a couple of times and we were full on 10 pounds of food.The Burj is a good experience but again expensive. visit the Mall of emirates and go skiing which is brill. Wild wadi water park is free and we went twice and loved every minute of it.If you wana buy a laptop buy it from Jumbo Corp in the Mall of emirates we bought one and its brill. ou wont et ne cheaper or with the same spec in UK.,the first time visitor will have plenty to do as the desert safari, wild wadi, shopping in the Massive malls, dhow cruise, skiing, gold souk, and plenty more.i just feel if i went again i would go to a smaller 5 star resort. but dont want to tak anything away. its right on jumeirah beach beach with fabulous views of burj.	
Aug 31 2006 	Five Star Holiday Experience	Stayed at Al Qasr for four nights following on from our initial stay at Bab al Shams resort which is also part of the Jumeirah chain. Two very different - but nonetheless hugely enjoyable - experiences.Al Qasr is a hotel (part of the Madinat Jumeirah complex) which is spread out over a very large area and we stayed in an Arabian Junior Suite - which worked out for us to be less expensive than a standard room at the time of booking! This does not have a sea view but rather is a large bedroom plus sitting/dining room with an outlook over the waterways of the resort. Bathroom amenties were superb - including male and female shower gels, toothbrushes, etc all of which were replaced regularly.It does however have acess to the excellent Club Executive area on Floor 5 - which offers all-day soft drinks, a more than satisfactory breakfast including a range of hot items, an excellent afternoon tea from 3-5pm and evening cocktails from 6-8pm (again with canapes and a hot food selection - although beware as the selection and quantity available could be enough to put you off dinner until much later in the evening!). My wife and I have stayed in some excellent hotels in the past across the world but this one really does have an edge on the others - not sure what it is, maybe because it is so new or the level of service - but it felt relaxed and welcoming from the moment we arrived until our departure in a top-f-the-range Merc provided by the hotel.The complex offers a range of eating and drinking venues, although being a 5 star hotel, none of these are what you might say were inexpensive. The pool side bar and food service was very good though and you do have access to the facilities at Mina a' salam and the Jumeirah beach as well. Residents are also able to go across to Burj al Arab before noon and after 11pm to have a look around this over-the-top icon - although access can be made at other times by booking a meal, etc.The pool area was huge with more than enough loungers for everyone - the beach area too was well maintained and serviced although in the August heat the beach was almost deserted despite the sea temperature being akin to a warm bath!Service was very good throughout and the entire complex was absolutely spotless. Access around the resort was by foot, buggy or waterway (via small 10 seater abras): waiting time during the day or night was minimal - a minute at most!On our last day went to the Six Senses spa - our only regret being that we didn't do it before. Again, fantastic location, quiet, relaxing and with superb service.Overall, a fantastic experience and one which we hope to do again before too long!!!!	
Aug 24 2006 	Have Stayed In Better Hotels In Dubai	We stayed at Al Qasr during the first week of August, this is our ninth visit to Dubai.We loved The grounds of the hotel and the gold horses and fountains outside the hotel are spectacular.The main advantage of this complex is the location, no building work and there are lots of restaurants and bars to keep you busy.However We would probably not return to this hotel.We have to agree with one of earlier reviews, if you are a regular traveller to Dubai you will not be overwhelmed by the service.We also found the hotel too big and busy to be truly luxurious and it remined us of Vegas in some ways.The staff were all so friendly and the pool staff brought cold towels and fruit kebabs to keep you refreshed however most of the other 5* hotels in Dubai do this also.We also noticed the problem with people reserving sunbeds but were informed that the Mina and Jumeirah Beach Hotel (who are all part of the same chain) have the same problem.Don't get us wrong we had a great time but we did not feel the service was anywhere near as good as some other hotels in Dubai such The Ritz-Carlton or The Residence at The One &amp; Only or The Grosvenor House.	
Aug 21 2006 	Love the Gold arabian horse lined drive	We stayed at Al Qasr for the third leg of our honeymoon, having stayed in Hong Kong, and then Mauritius we were very scepticle about the last part of our journey and how Al Qasr could top Legends in Mauritius, but it really was fantastic. I agree with some of the comments the other traveller made below, with it was very busy, and the hotel was full, so they were struggling at breakfast time, but they opened another area to accommodate everyone, and the pool was very busy with kids, but in the summer holidays what do you expect, we arrived at times at 2pm in the afternoon, and always managed to get a place by the pool or one row back, so they always accommodated you. We could not fault the service, we had the most gorgeous club exec room, overlooking the pool and the sea. The buggys get you around fanastically along with the water taxis. The Souk is great too, nicely air conditioned to get away from the heat, and walk through to the Mina. I have to say it is a little on the expensive side, but then for a 5 star hotel you get what you pay for, 2 cointreau and lemonades - about £12, and dinner £30 upwards and that was in the noodle house and only a starter and main, with a glass of wine, so be prepared, take lots of cash. I'd definately choose to go there again, as opposed to the Mina or even the Burj, but once the building works have done, maybe try the Ritz, which looked gorgeous. Also Verre at the Hilton - Gordon Ramsays restaurant was superb... Emmanuel the Maitre De was fantastic! Not overly priced either for the quality.Khoobar also is a little hideaway bar in Al Qasr, that is heavenly to finish of an evening in, gorgeous nibbles, and the cocktails are superb.A fabulous end to our honeymoon. Enjoy peeps.	
Aug 15 2006 	Superb Hotel	My husband and I spent a week at Easter in this wonderful hotel and we will definitely go back!Rooms:We had an Ocean Deluxe room with a sea view. We also had a view of the Burj which is lit up every hour in the evening and really is quite spectacular. Huge and very comfortable bed. Plenty of space for clothes. Luxury bathroom with a great shower. Plenty of lovely toiletries and towels. Bathrobes, slippers etc. The balcony was on the small side and there was no privacy between our balcony and the one next door but that really is a very minor issue.Food:Breakfast buffet was superb. Everything you could possibly think of was available and the quality was top class. The pool bars did great club sandwiches and snacks. We dined at several restaurants in the Madinat. All were excellent. The Meat Factory had the best steaks we've ever had!The Wharf at Mina Salam was excellent, book a table on the dock overlooking the harbour. Have afternoon tea at the Al Samar Lounge and enjoy the magnificent flower arrangements (they looked and smelled fabulous!). We couldn't get into Pier Chic as it was fully booked so book the first day you arrive! Koubba rooftop bar for the best views of the Burj lit up in the evening. Food and wine could be quite pricey but we didn't have a single disappointing meal so it was worth it!Hotel:The public areas are beautiful. The attention to detail is superb. The waterways are a great way to get around and you can take a water taxi round the whole complex which is worth doing. The gardens were all lush and beautifully maintained. The pool was great and we always found sun loungers available. The beach is excellent but watch small children as the water gets deep quite quickly!Staff:Excellent! Everyone was friendly and helpful. The man who looked after our room was a star! Room service was speedy. All the pool boys were wonderful; being sprayed with chilled Evian water to keep cool was perfect!Kids Club: We didn't bring our children but the kid's club looked great. There was plenty for them to do and plenty of food options for children.We always holiday in 5 star hotels but this is a 5 star + resort! We really couldn't fault it. I just wish we had been there for two weeks! Sigh! I can't imagine anyone not enjoying this hotel.	
Aug 14 2006 	Was not that impressed!	We stayed at Al Qasr during the second week of August and was quite disappointed with it.If you are going to Dubai for the first time, it is an ideal location as there is a lot going on in the madinat and the setting and waterways are great.However we feel the standards and service are nowhere near as good as some hotels we've stayed in Dubai in the past.We had problems when checking in as we were given the wrong room type, when we explained they had given us the wrong room we were told the hotel was full and there was nothing they could do.Eventually a day later after much persistance we were given the right room.Our main complaint about the hotel, did not lie with the hotel staff but more the guests that were staying there.We are afraid the 'chavs' have discovered the madinat complex.The pool was heaving and by10am most of the sunbeds were reserved. We went down the pool one morning at 8am and saw loads of people (who were all british) reserving sunbeds and not returning until 2pm.They would leave giant plastic lilos all over the place and kids were running wild.The kids were spitting in the pool and loads of people just treat the lifeguards as baby sitters.We went to the Mina pool one day which was even worse.we also thought our room was looking a bit tatty.Don't get us wrong, we went during the six weeks holidays so we expected lots of families to be there. However we have been going to Dubai for the last few summers and we've never been to a hotel where we struggled to get a sun bed by 10am.If we wanted all of the above we could have went to Benidorm.We were speaking to a few other people who were regular travellers to Dubai and they also thought the same as us and were most probably not likely to return to one of the Jumeirah properties.Most of the 5* hotels in Dubai offer good service and treats etc by the pool and I feel The madinat has a lot to do if it wants to consider itself amongst the best.We feel the main problem with this complex is it is too busy. If you are not travelling with kids I would not recommend this hotel during the school holidays.	
Aug 5 2006 	Marvellous hotel	i stayed there for a week. It is the best hotel I have ever went to .It is suitable for all ages and all occasions. the serviece is excllent. You can go to mena salam hotel ,Dar al masyef and souk by a baggy or abra, at night it just like Venice(Italy.) After staying in alqsr hotel i went to three 5stars hotel and I didnt liked any of them.	
Aug 1 2006	ParadiseMLane Ireland	Having been to dubai many times, this has to be my favourite hotel, the al qasr is just unreal with decor to die for, the moment you walk in the lobby, u know that u have come to a special place of class, quality and sheer beauty.when i came back to ireland from dubai namely the al qasr i was telling everyone about this hotel and they thought i was in planet zorro but i was not, i was just after coming back from paradise, another planet unknown to many hotels.When myself and my lady went there, she also fell in love with the hotel and every single time we go back and even if we dont stay here, we go here for a few drinks and relax outside watching the light show of the burj al arab, wow wow wow.Guys and girls you will have to see this place to believe, words cannot decribe the sheer beauty of this resort and yes its a bit more expensive but worth every single penny.i can be contacted by email should anyone have questions on dubai ,what to do or anything lanemeist@gmail.com.My advice to people would be to get on the net, book this and go, u will not be disappointed i tell you not	
Jul 31 2006 	A fabulous hotel	My husband and I stayed for 5 nights at Al Qasr in June at the start of our honeymoon en route to the Maldives. Having reviewed Tripadvisor comments on this hotel before booking our holiday, we are happy to endorse all the positive comments made about it. We found it to be a truly 5 star hotel.The hotel itself is built with an extremely attractive Arabian look and feel, and gives the impression of an Arabian palace (which is apparently what ‘Al Qasr’ means). The many furnishings and decorative items around the corridors and in our hotel room are beautiful and compliment this theme – there are ornate urns and vases at every turn, and grand sofas that surely no one ever sits on, yet all this is achieved without any sense of it being over the top.We had an Arabian Deluxe room; it was very generous in size, with a desk, sofa, fantastic bathroom (the shower is wonderful)…the only thing it might be deemed to lack is a decent balcony or outside seating area, but at this time of year that wasn’t a problem, it would have been far too hot to sit outside for long (apart from by the pool) and the air conditioning was much more appealing.The swimming pool area is beautiful, with more than enough sunbeds and loungers to cater for the guests, and the staff are very attentive with serving water, fruit skewers, cold towels etc. The pool is chilled at this time of year to ensure it is a cooling option – the sea was like a hot bath by comparison!The hotel’s proximity to the Burj al Arab was a real asset, we thought. Having popped in there for cocktails and to check out what a 7 star hotel is like, we were genuinely glad we opted for the far classier feeling of Al Qasr – the Burj is undoubtedly an iconic building but (to paraphrase the Time Out review) inside is a haven of tack. So being close enough to appreciate the exterior Burj in all its glory but not having to deal with all the gilt, red leather and flashing lights inside was a great choice.The poolside restaurant was an excellent lunchtime option – we ate there each day and always had friendly and very speedy service, and the food was plentiful and good quality.We visited both Pierchic (fish speciality restaurant) and Napa (‘Californian’, i.e. basically quite an international menu) and although Pierchic probably edged it for quality, both were extremely good and reasonably priced (about $25 for a main course). The only excursion we made out of the hotel was to visit Verre, the Gordon Ramsay restaurant at Hilton Dubai Creek. This meal was sensational – we have been fortunate enough to eat at a couple of his London restaurants and this was certainly almost as good as those, while being about two-thirds the price. Highly recommended.The souk is attractive, nothing very special but then we weren’t really there for the shopping experience. If you want Arabian-style souvenirs or antiques we assume these can be found much more cheaply in the main souks in the city. It’s quite fun to wander round, though, and benefited enormously from the fact that you don’t get dragged into shops as soon as you stop to glance at something in the window.The waterways around the Madinat complex are beautiful and it’s well worth taking an abra all the way round to appreciate the scale of the place. Otherwise we didn’t really use them or the buggies – it’s no distance to walk from your room to one of the restaurants or bars, so it actually seemed more effort to get one than not. That said, it was phenomenally hot when we were there – certainly the minimum temperature at night could not have been below 30 degrees – and physically quite draining to do very much activity, since it was very humid. God knows how they do the amount of construction work in Dubai that they do. We found the first evening we were there almost overwhelming, having made the mistake of trying to sit outside to have our drinks after dinner, but by the next day we had acclimatised quite well (and sussed out that the air conditioned bars were there for a reason!) and one evening when the humidity dropped we ate outside comfortably.We left promising that we would come back another time and stay for longer. I’m not sure that we’d ever be that bothered by the designer shops, gold souk and the ski slope, but for us as lovers of hot weather and great relaxation and comfort on our holidays, Al Qasr ticked all the boxes.	
Jul 26 2006	What Can I SAy ?	Words cannot do this resort justice. It is absolutely breathtaking.We just spent five nights here before going to Al Bustan Rotana for another five nights and Al Bustan felt like a 3 star in comparison. (see separate review)From the warm welcome to the staff practically bending over backwards to please....this resort is a holiday in itself.We had two ocean delux rooms (one for the kids) which were spacious and very well serviced with very good Burj views and views of Sinbad Kids Club.Your every need is anticipated.There was a bit of renovation going on but it did not cause us any inconvenience. The adjacent souk has a wide choice of dining options and we tried Morrocan, Lebanese, Indian, Iranian.... The portions are large so ask for smaller portions for kids which they do for half the price. We also took the shuttle to The Mall of Emirates to get KFC, McDonalds, etc.(as well as chocolate flavoured toothpaste !) Breakfasts at the hotel leaves you spoilt for choice. Kids were hooked on the Joga Juice smoothies.Had a massage and facial at the Six Senses Spa which was good. They served a refreshing ginger tea.Take the abra tour of the resort for excellent video and photographic shots, especially at night when the place is lit up. If you're going at this time of year ,be prepared for the humidity. It is so humid that the video lenses kept misting up !The shuttle no longer goes to Ibn Butata Mall due to construction. But I would recommend a visit here . I loved the ambience of the Tunisian section.But taxis are reasonable (some even have their own entertainment like movies and games). A place to do great shopping at amazing prices was the Dragon Mart. It seems to have just opened as lots of the shops were still empty. Be prepared to walk though as this mall is 1,7 km long according to a taxi driver. We explored the old city while at Al Bustan and the museum is worth a visit. Set aside a lot of time to explore the souks and take a real abra across the creek for 50 fils a head. Many shops in the souks were closed from 1-4 pm but we discovered lots of diners with delicious concoctions at practically give -away prices on offer to pass the time. Al Qasr is the second largest resort in the world. The first is Sun City/ Lost City in South Africa. But in true Dubai style...the new largest is under construction !	
Jul 25 2006	Fantastic	My wife and I stayed at Al Qasar for 3 nights from 3rd July 2006.This hotel far exceeded our expectations and we are already planning to return in 2007 but for a longer stay. We stayed in an Arabian Ocean Deluxe room. The room was exactly as advertised – huge bed, very well equipped bathroom, well stocked mini bar, TV, internet access, fax etc. We had a great view of the sea/ beach and also a view of the Burj Al Arab hotel.I think what impressed us most about this hotel was the service. After staying at Al Qasar we travelled to the Hilton Rangali in the Maldives and although service at the Hilton Rangali is excellent it is not a touch on the quality of service at Al Qasar. Everywhere you go within the Madinat Jumeirah complex you are treated as royalty. No request is impossible. Transport around the complex is on golf carts or via the canal. Both transport facilities were faultless. We only once had to wait for a boat to arrive on the canal and golf carts were ordered easily and were always available. We visited the Tapas and Tai restaurants within Madinat Jumeirah whilst in Dubai and both were excellent.The pool at Al Qasar is huge and we never had problems getting beds. Again service around the pool and at the snack bar was excellent. Waiters will get you any food or drink you require, staff will clean your sun glasses free of charge, give you cold face towels or even offer you free fruit. We found the beach too hot (it was 43 degrees).We were disappointed to only have stayed for 3 nights. Next time……..	
Jul 12 2006	Utterly Fantastic Resort	My vocabulary does not contain enough superlatives to articulate just how good an experience we had at this hotel. We flew Emirates from Glasgow and arrived at Dubai airport. We had booked a Club Executive Arabian Deluxe room at Al Qasr, and so upon entering the arrivals hall at Dubai airport we were greeted by a member of hotel staff with a placard with my family name on. When we identified ourselves to the man, he immediately greeted us fondly and welcomed us to Dubai. We were then asked for our passports and our escort whisked us through Passport control in the flash of a hand. We were then taken to the outside of our airport to a queue of some very 'heavy artillery' (very nice cars/limousines (sorry bad joke)). We were asked by our guide which we would like from an array of BMW's/Mercedes, etc and we decided on the Mercedes CL350. Whilst we waited in the car, we were given fresh towels to cool ourselves, and we really needed them, even at 2am the heat was unbearable. A short while later our escort arrived and asked us if this was our entire luggage, which of course it was. Wow, what a start and what an easy arrival, all taken care of by the Al Qasr staff. I liked this place already, and we hadn't even got to the hotel !If I remember correctly, our journey to Al Qasr, was approximately 30-40 minutes, but we had drunk lots of free Champagne on the flight so it could have been longer/shorter ;-) (It was my honeymoon after all.) Along the way to the hotel, our driver pointed out as much as he could in the darkness, but the bright lights, were nothing compared to the entrance at the Al Qasr. Driving up the entrance you must pass through security control to gain access to the Hotel, (although not as stringent as the Burj Al Arab), you are then greeted by the sight of almost life size golden horses ‘prancing’ around a waterfall – a truly awesome sight. The huge marble entrance to the hotel, reeked opulence, and very shortly we were assisted out of our car and met by our hotel escort Abdu. Once again Abdu greeted us fondly and explained that there was no formal reception at the hotel, he immediately whisked us to the fifth floor executive lounge, offered us drinks/snacks and cold towels, and explained that a final check was being made on our room, prior to us entering. After a couple of minutes of talking with Abdu and the other Club Exec staff, we were shown to our room. The room was excellent, but I had decided then that I must have an Ocean view, having seen the view from Club Ex. I asked Abdu if this was possible and he made a phone call and we were asked to return to Club Ex, more drinks, snacks, cold towels, etc and within approx 10 mins, were shown to our new room. The layout from what I could see was exactly the same, the only difference being the View, and whilst the garden was more than acceptable, for an extra $30 per night, I couldn’t resist the Ocean view room. In our room was a large basket of fresh fruit, flowers for my wife, two boxes of Arabic sweets and dates, and chocolates - a lovely surprise. Our luggage was moved seamlessly from room to room, and we were still located on the fifth floor giving easy access to Club Ex.The bed was HUGE, I'm 6'2&quot; tall and I appreciate a large bed and only ever in a suite in Vegas (Venezia Hotel) have I saw a bed this size, extremely comfortable to boot. The room/bathroom was very nicely decorated and everything seemed brand new. Other than your own clothes, I can’t think of anything that you would need to bring to the hotel as it was all provided in the room. Heavy and light bath robes, Arabic designed slippers, toothpaste/brush, sewing kit, mouthwash, body lotion, soap, shampoo, moisturiser, exfoliating mitt, hairdryer, iron, etc, etc, etc. If there was something that wasn't there, I’m sure the hotel would have provided it. We decided to get our heads down immediately as it had been a long day and probably a little too much alcohol had been consumed. I awoke early the next morning and immediately drew my curtains to reveal the most amazing view of Jumeirah beach, the water taxis and the Pier Chic restaurant stretching out into the sea. I was not disappointed by my last minute room upgrade. I pulled open the patio doors which lead onto the balcony and immediately felt a heat which I had never experienced in my life, short of being too close to the bonfire on Guy Fawkes Night. Back inside then..............We both showered and got dressed for breakfast. We proceeded to the Club Ex lounge and were immediately greeted by &quot;Good Morning Mr &amp; Mrs B........&quot; - How did they know our names already ? Of course since being married a few days before, this was the first time proper that anyone had referred to my wife as Mrs B........; needless to say she was tickled pink. In my opinion this level of attention to detail is really what separates the good hotels from the great ones. We had a choice of a table or more relaxed couch and coffee table for breakfast and decided to opt for the latter, due to the view which it afforded us, a waiter immediately greeted us and asked if we'd like tea (all varieties) or coffee (latte/espresso/cappuccino, etc). The breakfast was buffet style and the variety of food was everything you could imagine from continental to full warm breakfast, they even had pork sausages, albeit on a separate counter. After breakfast, we decide to head out and explore the resort. My first worry was that for such a huge resort there seemed to be only two lifts at my part of the hotel. I needn’t have worried however, as they were very quiet, speedy and efficient. The main lobby is located on the third floor, and the pool/water taxis/garden/access to the beach is on the first floor. Part of the success of the Al Qasr in my opinion is that you do not feel bound into the hotel, and yet even on the beach you are still within the resort grounds, this is due to the scale of the resort and very careful planning. The pool area is heavily guarded by any number of life guards, and the area is very calm and peaceful. The pool itself is huge, with a large selection of food and drinks available all day. A pool attendant will provide sun loungers and towels free for guests. Indeed only guests can access the pool/beach area as you must pass by security before being given access. The pool and beach area is accessed by bridge over the river which links the Al Qasr to the Mina A’Salam complex. There are always plenty of water taxi’s to take you around and the drivers of these are more than happy to take you on a tour of the entire complex, again free to guests, although I did tend to tip each driver. The complex is beautiful and is far more appealing than a large straight up straight down structure, that could be found just about anywhere in the world. The river water is derived from the sea and fresh water is pumped in and out every four hours so sea life is visible from the water taxi’s (Abra’s). Due to the heat we personally found the beach a little more bearable due to the slight breeze, albeit a warm breeze. This is made even more bearable, by the fantastic attention of the beach side assistants, who again will provide loungers/towels, canopies, or even a full size, covered bed for a full family if required. The beach was extremely clean, as was the sea water, and only on my very first day I saw a small blue jellyfish. When I say the sea water was like stepping into a bath, I’m not exaggerating, but it was still marginally cooler than being on the sand. Again at the beach you require nothing but your swimming costume/shorts and some sun cream, as water/fruit kebabs/slush drinks and a full food menu is provided. The beach has a fantastic view of the Jumeirah beach hotel and the Burj Al Arab, and non-motorised water sports can also be done here. Back to the hotel and we headed back to Club Ex for lunch after a quick change (as obviously beach wear is not acceptable in the lounge). The lounge never seemed to get too busy, and it was a fantastic place to relax away from any crowds that I imagine could be a problem in high season in the hotel. Lunch again was buffet style with a mixture of hot and cold foods – all of which was pretty excellent. The staff were very attentive and always seemed to make an effort just to come and chat to ensure that we didn’t require anything or just to make sure that we were having a good time. I never once had the feeling that the staff were ‘working’ me they always seemed to be very genuine, polite, courteous and professional. Pre-dinner snacks and drinks was what the sitting from 6pm to 8pm is termed by the hotel. We thought this was excellent, if not a little short, and could have extended until perhaps 9pm. The food was great again, with a real mix to choose from, it was so good that we ate so much one that we simply couldn’t eat dinner afterwards, so just headed to the sports bar and had some snacks. The bar service in Club Ex was very good also. They only had one choice of white/red/champagne wines, but each was of a very good quality and always served at the correct temperature. There was a large selection of sprits and cocktails perfectly created to your liking, all free of charge to the Club Ex guests. Within the hotel and adjoining complexes, i.e. Madinat Souk, Mina/Burj, there are a choice of some 63 restaurants, ranging in price, quality, type and cuisine, I’m sure there is something for everyone. There is also a beautifully decorated Cigar lounge, numerous bar’s, where we watched some of the WC football, lots of quiet and intimate areas, where you can enjoy a Shisha and a drink. The hotel Spa is also out of this world, my wife and I both enjoyed a Balinese massage, which is the best we have ever had. If you stay at the Al Qasr, you are given complimentary access to the nearby Wild Wadi Water Park. This can be accessed by a river taxi to the Mina and then by Golf buggy past the Burj. Our rooms were cleaned thoroughly and turned down with chocolates and fresh fruit on a daily basis, and the maid service was again very polite. On leaving the hotel we were escorted back to the airport in their Bentley at a small extra cost, but like everything else at the hotel, this was sleek and smooth. Our flight was not until very late at night and we were allowed a very late check out at 6pm and provided with wash facilities and use of the lounge. This is a truly fantastic hotel (perhaps the best I have stayed in) and I will definitely return. As well as being immaculate the hotel management has clearly spent copius amounts of time training there staff, who in my opinion really added to our positive experience of the hotel. Dubai is not for pedestrians, and really most places outwith the hotel must be accessed by taxi or shuttle bus, primarily due to the heat and also location. However these are very cheap considering that a litre of water is more expensive here than a litre of petrol. At our hotel I saw no signs at all of building works, which is very apparent in the rest of Dubai. I shall write a full trip report on Dubai in the forums, where hopefully I can add anything that I have forgotten here.	
Jul 3 2006	Pure Luxury	After quite bad confusion with our rooms to start with which resulted in me and my partner being sent to the wrong room, and also our bags being sent to another room and having to spend the night living out of a suitcase before we could be moved to correct room, it was an amazing holiday and staff could not do enough for you, and certainly made up for the room confusion by upgrading our room and sending us a card with snacks and champagne to apologise! the reveiws say it all! absolutly amazing hotel, breakfast in bed very good value too, worth trying the burj but VERY expensive for what the food quality was, Emerites Towers was a good experience and much cheaper, and also for a great Indian try Indigo which is a 10 minute taxi ride away! well worth trying. Alcohol far to expensive but in that heat all that quenches your thirst is water anyway!!! chinese was very nice but the best of all even better than the burj was the meat and co, absolutely the best meal ive had, and very busy so you have to book, breakfast average but always is everwhere so didnt bother us as this was expected ,and was included so that was a bonus, inside was busy though so we usually had it by the pool. staff were amazing (was talking to one of the men who kindly took us on an abra boat around the 3km radius of the hotel, which is well worth doing and he told us there was 3000members of staff) and could not do enought for you, too much at times though! one night they came to our room 5times in 10 minutes once was because we had asked for a bucket of ice which we did everynite without any problems, but then they came to redo the room another time with fruit etc which did get irritating-but we just kept do not disturb on until we went out. newspaper left on your door every morning! the one major thing which bothered me and my partner was the drinking age, as i am only 18 and him 19 we were unable to get in most places which was very annoying as when the bars were quiet they would let us in fine and when going on a busy night we were turned away which did spoil our nightimes quite often as we would have to give up and go back to our rooms. Anyone who stays here would be crazy not to think it is anything but perfect, especially the person who gave their reveiw 3 stars because the staff took too long to present them with cold towels and refreshing drinks (how pathetic) i have stayed in many 5 stars in different places and this was by far the VERY BEST EVER! you will love every minute of it! one little tip-rather than spending more on a villa just get an upgraded room, my sister stayed in villa 6 which was very nice but the only real benefit of the villas is that they are right on the beach, but even she admitted that the premier suits were much better, the veiw from our room on the 6th floor was out of this world, request room number 627! you can see EVERYTHING from the Burj which was lit up beautifully at night, to the Abras, the pool and the gorgeous clear sea (beware of jellyfish as my sisters boyfriend got stung, the life gaurds were at his side within seconds though!)	
Jun 26 2006	Al Qasr - All the reviews are true	My partner and I stayed at the Al Qasr in May 2006. I had researched this holiday for quite a few months as it was our first time to Dubai. I eventually chose the Al Qasr mainly based on the ammenities and the reviews on this website.When you arrive at the Al Qasr you will first be wowed by the entrance which is lined with gold horses. The hotel entrance is stunning, pristine and very very elegant. It was clear after seeing more of the hotel that this was the theme throughout the hotel. The rooms, the corridors, the restaurants, the pool, the beach everything is immaculate very well tended to and you never see people actually doing this.We stayed in an ocean deluxe room and had beautiful views of the ocean, pool and waterways. Once in your room you cannot hear anything. The rooms are large with a HUGE bed, I thought Americans did the biggest beds but soon realised they don't. Everything in the room is substantial and of a high quality, beautiful fabrics and linens. You have an abundance of towels which are not postage stamp size and more free bottled water than you can drink. In the bathroom you get separate mens and womens toiletries which again are also of a high standard, nice thick hair conditioner a must for us females. The bathroom is large with a wonderful separate very large and very powerful shower. The toilet is also in a separate room off the bathroom.In the evening as you return to the hotel you will see all the corridors lit up by candles in lanters which looks so beautiful. Everybody and I mean everybody (staff) speaks to you and everybody smiles. The staff are obviously so well trained and are excellent. Nothing seems to be too much trouble to them. they are a true assett to this hotel.The pool and beach are wonderful, tons and tons of sunbeds etc the attendants make up your chosen beds and even make a little pillow with a towel for you. You then get treated to your sunglasses cleaned, your face misted with evian, cucumbers for your eyes, lightly fragranced cold wet towels for your face and mouth watering fruit kebabs. all you have to do is lift your head up off your lounger for long enough.The breakfast in the hotel is extremely well managed with pretty much everything you can think of including camel milk!! The cappucinos are very very nice and so is all the fresh juice that you can help yourself to. My favourite was the lemon and mint.You can get around so easily by either walking, abras or buggies. The souk is only next door and is a fantastic place to be in the evening. The guys on the abras are very well up on their resort and are happy to show you around if you ask them too.The spa is a real treat and so tranquil. I had a sunburn treatment which was heaven and made me forget about my sunburn altogether. I have been to many many spas and this was definately the most beautiful of them all.I can now understand why 99% of the reviews on here are as positive as they are having experienced the place myself. We always stay in nice places it is one of our requisites (no children you see) and so feel that we have had a lot of experience to compare this place to. I would and will recommend this hotel to anybody who enjoys and appreciates the finer things in life. It truly is beautiful and a fantastic experience. The reviews are true... the place is amazing... go on indulge !!!!	
Jun 15 2006	Fantastic !!!! Pure Luxury!!!!	My wife and I have just got back from Dubai where we stayed at the Al Qasr at Madinat Jumeirah to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. The hotel is right on Jumeirah beach and is based on an Arabian Palace!!! and is pure class, we could not fault anything! (Except the weather! as it was to hot to go outside for more than half an hour or so). Also a good choice of bars and restaurants! Their was even more restaurants and bars in the souk and complimentary water taxis or golf buggies would take you anywhere including the Mina a Salam adjoining hotel where there is a great health club with indoor pools and even more bars and restaurants!Our room was an ocean deluxe suite, which was just as it looked in the brochures; it was also maid up twice a day! The beech and pools are fantastic with plenty of sun beds and good choice of water sports. Also a good pool bar! The burj is right next door and the concierge booked us a table in the roof top bar (although very expensive!) but the amazing views!I can recommend this hotel to anyone and we are now booking to go back in March next year! And will definitely stay at Al Qasr!	
Jun 11 2006	Impressed with Al Qasr but...	Al Qasr is a fabulous hotel but huge. Had a deluxe room over looking the pool which was lovely. on our anniversary came back to the room to find a cake and chocolates - very nice. the only drawback is that it it such a huge complex, getting anywhere takes absolutely ages. there isn't a gym in the hotel, rather it is a health club which serves both the mina al salem, al qasr and the summerhouses. admittedly it is state of the art gym with squash courts etc but to get there you need to take one of the water taxis - with the sun beating down on you and first having gone from the pool to get changed then back down to water taxi pick up, it is a bit of a palava. there are loads of restaurants, some better than others. the most outstanding point was the breakfasts. we have stayed at burj al arab and ritz carlton and the al qasr breakfasts outshone them totally. the staff are very very friendly and can't do enough for you. because of the sheer scale of the place, i wdn't go back. i would either go back to ritz carlton once the building works nearby are complete or go to the mirage one and only palace. burj obviously was great, but five nights there last time was mega expensive and not for the faint hearted! eating - the wharf at mina al salam is excellent, eau zone at mirage one and only and pier chic at al qasr are recommended.	
May 27 2006	Al Qasr5 star luxury	Al Qasr, Dubai (May 2006)A magnificent hotel, first class accommodation and service. This hotel is set in lovely surroundings with waterways running through it. The staff are wonderful always polite and friendly.The rooms are large with equally large bathroom and are kept spotlessly clean. Beds are huge and very comfortable and are turned down each evening and chocolates put on your pillow, slippers are laid by the bed and a candle is lit in the bathroom. Toiletries are plentiful and replenished as soon as something has been used.I can recommend dining in the Toscana, Al Hambra and Thai restaurants but the best is Shimmers which is situated on the beach, is candlelit and has fabulous views of the Al Burg. There are plenty of bars for cocktails in the evening and some have fantastic views.The beach is pristine with very comfortable sunloungers and staff are on hand to attend to your every need, they will even offer to clean your sunglasses spray your face with cold Evian water and provide cold towels. The sand is rather hot and the water is very warm.This hotel is very hard to beat and there is no building work or cranes on this stretch of the beach, it's a very peaceful location.I can recommend this hotel and hope to return but maybe earlier than May as it was very hot (40 deg).	
May 19 2006	Arab World	Stayed in this hotel for a week in November last year. Had an enjoyable time and the hotel service, standards and facilities were all excellent. However, we found the hotel too large and impersonal and the constant arab theming could be likened to disney world for adults(hence arab world) and was not at all authentic and verging on tacky. Would go to Dubai again but would stay elsewhere, probably Meridian or One &amp; Only.	
May 18 2006	Perfect Vacation	From the moment you enter this hotel you know you are somewhere special and that you are going to receive quality service. My wife and I do a lot of travelling and have visited numerous top resorts in the world but the Al Qasr surpasses everything we have stayed in to date. The design and layout of the hotel is exquisite, the attention, friendliness and professionalism of the staff superb. If you are looking for an oasis or a place to get away from it all then this is for you. We stayed for a week and normally a week away does not hit the mark for me to get completely relaxed, but here we found ourselves forgetting about our normal lives in a matter of days. It’s hard not to when you have such excellent service at every step. Little abra boats take you where you want on the beautiful canals that intertwine the hotels and villas. There are a choice of fabulous beaches to soak up the sun, with a beach service that is second to none. And the views are also breathtaking with the Burg Al Arab in the close distance. There is a sizeable selection of restaurants for dining, and though they may lack in quality for say ‘Fine Dining’ they certainly make up for it in variety of cuisines. It is not the cheapest of places to stay, but it is certainly worth it when you realise that you have had more than just a holiday, you have had an experience.	
Mar 26 2006	Wonderful Hotel	Stayed for six nights in March, would recommend the hotel to anyone, fabulous setting, huge rooms with the most comfortable bed. All staff very friendly. We arrived about 08.30, lovely reception with cold towels and refreshments, were shown to the breakfast room and the room was ready soon after. We preferred to eat breakfast in the restaurant by the pool, quieter and better service. Beach fantastic, cold towels, cucumber slices for eyes,freah fruit skewers -what luxury. Can't wait to go back	
Mar 26 2006	absolutely fabulous	well what can i say??/ from the moment you step into this beautiful oasis to the moment you leave,you are looked after to the highest possible standard.we have travelled a lot over the years,but never have we experienced such luxury and level of individual service.the many restaurants serve food to suit every possible taste and palate.the pool areas are superb and the pool attendents are there to cater for your every need.the rooms are so tidy and clean. In truth i encourage every traveller to go to Dubai,preferably stay in the AL Qasr and they will have a great time. We will be back next year without doubt. GO FOR IT FOLKS!!!!!!Its worth it!!!!	
Mar 19 2006	BIG operation but top standard!	Stayed for 5 nights in an Arabian Summerhouse and am still very impressed how to manage a 1800 bed operation in such high quality. They make you feel for being the only guest!Drawbacks are that they have to insist on several rules that makes a holiday on the beach uncomfortable: you are not allowed to go barefeet at breakfast, quite tough dresscode-rules for nearly all of the 43 restaurant.But beside these rules it's an incredible setting where they put the resort. Burj-al-arab view on the beach, Venice-like waterways all through the resort, an artificial Souk in the middle (open to the public). Room was spacious, with wired Internet-Access (not free), balkony, fresh fruits every day. The Sauna and the steambath is very small, compared to the size of the resort.	
Mar 11 2006	The reviews dont lie.	Just left a week ago.Ok here goes.......Al qasr fantastic--slightly higher about 20 dollars a day than its sister hotel but worth it.Better located for pool,beach and ammenities.Villas overpriced and overrated at the madinat.Stick to Al Qasr.Book through first alliance to get free breakfast included--which is very good.Served in two places.Use the breakfast lounge by large pool overlooking beach.go to Mall of the emirates and ski at the the new ski dubai-great fun and not cheesy at all.Arabian adventures desert sundowner is overrated and very touristy.Everyone we went with thought that it was overrated--drive over a few dunes and eat sub standard food in the desert--not great.Best part was chatting with other tourists.The desert experiencewasLike a cheesy hawaiian luau with an arabian theme.Back to hotel--food great,service great,rroms very nice,check in needs to be improved.All other aspects good.	
Mar 6 2006	Jet Set Life	Guests at the Al Qsar for ten nights February 06. As soon as we turned into the magnificent driveway lined with golden horses I new we were in for a treat. Rooms were extremely spacious, beds large &amp; comfy, tea making facility, iron and ironboard included. Bathroom lovely all tioletries supplied anything missing a call to front desk and the item was delivered in minutes. Fruit, water, slippers, dressing gowns nice extras. All staff very polite and courteous. Something to suit every taste at breakfast, we picked smaller dining room left of main dining room most mornings much quicker service. Pool lovely ice towels, sunglasses cleaning, fruit skewers etc all a nice touch. Don't miss the Spa a wonderful experience. Restaurants reasonable and good, although found drinks expensive. Very impressive hotel	
Mar 3 2006	Best holiday ever!	We stayed at Al Qasr for four nights in October.It was awesome!We came from 4 nights at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, and that's also a great hotel. JBH is more contemporary and busy; we also stayed there in February 2005 and liked it a lot. But this time we wanted to experience the extra Arabic touch that makes Al Qasr so special.We had two ocean deluxe premium leisure rooms, one king and one room with two double beds. We were travelling with adult son (20 years old) and daughter 12 years old.The two rooms could connect with a small hallway in front of the two rooms.The rooms were great, very comfy beds and beautiful bathrooms with the best amenities ever.There was a cake waiting for us in the room, due to our anniversary. Nice touch! Fresh fruit, bottled water and chocolates in the room every day.The resort is so beautiful. The waterways with the abras, the souk, all the nice restaurants and Al Qasr has the best pool. Huge! So relaxing! My daughter and I also treated ourselves to the Six Senses Spa. Awesome! I want to go back! Definitely!	
Feb 18 2006	Fantastic hotel!	This hotel is built in the style of an Arabian Palace. It is on part of the Madinat complex which consists of 2 hotels, a villa complex and a Souk which has loads of shops and some excellent reataurants. In fact it has so much you dont ever have to leave it! The pool at the Al Qasr is huge- one of the best I ve ever seen with 8 lifeguards. The beach is only a few steps away from the pool and has soft white sand and is beautifully clean. There are several receptions and concierge desks where they will happily answer any questions about the hotel, restaurants, trips etc. Every member of staff smiled and said hallo whenever they saw us. There are buggies or abras(water taxis) to take you wherever you want on the complex. We had an ocean deluxe room -fantastic views and lovely balcony. We wondered about the Premium Leisure but did nt in the end and never felt like second class citizens. There are courtesy buses to take you into the city if you want. Wonderful holiday and brilliant hotel with superb weather.	
Feb 16 2006	Faultless Al Qasar	The Al Qasar has got to be the most perfect hotel on the planet.The attention to detail is spot on and the service is second to none. There are numerous restaurants in the resort which will suit everybody's tastes.The beach is not crowded and safety is taken very seriously around the pool and at the beach.I really could not recomend this Hotel enough!	
Feb 13 2006	Al Qasr - can't wait to go back	So just back from the Al Qasr at Madinat Jumeirah and I thought I would drop a line on my time there so others can benefit.We arrived at about nine am and our room was ready for us before 12. It seems to be a polocy that 12 is the earlist you can get your room without paying more. The reception, in the lounge, is first class. Relax over breakfast while everything is brought to you for you to check and sign. very nice.We stayed in a premium leisure club room and I can recommend it whole heartedly.The basics: The service at the resort is excellent. Everyone, and I mean everyone, is helpful and welcoming. The room is a very good size and the bathroom is nice and big. The bed is HUGE...almost too big if that is possible. Nice balcony and a great view of the Burg Al Arab.The Leisure Club: I would really recommend this option. Breakfast is excellent, afternoon tea is a meal and so are the &quot;canapes&quot;. The free champagne is worth £15 a glass at resort prices as well. If you didn't want to eat at any of the restaurants then you wouldn't have to!Dining: We ate at Pierchic, Zeng He's and Pisces. Pierchic has good food and a fantastic view of the resort. Good service as well. Well worth going to. Pisces had fantastic food, worth a Michelin star in my opinion. Good situation as well overlooking the quay at the Souk. Zeng He's had great starters, but bland main courses...maybe just what we had but not up to the other two.Drinks: Well welcome to the land of expensive wine!! Lucky for me i'm not a big drinker and that I had access the the lounge. Wine starts at about £45 for a bottle that in a UK restaurant would be £20. In my opinion it it the one and only drawback of the resort, but my guess is that these prices might be quite generic for Dubai.The beach: Great beach with nice staff supplying fruit skewers and cucumber every 20 mins :-)Dubai: hmmm well it will look great when its finished:-)planning our return already.	
Jan 29 2006	What can I say!	We arrived at 2am to be greeted in such a pleasant manner.Drinks and hot canopies in the lounge.After getting our bags delivered settled to wake up to a beautiful sight, the waterways weaving in and out like a little Venice. Suberb.The polite staff, the beautiful pool area and beach, the sunshine (in January).I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone.Plenty of restaurants to chose from and everything superb.	
Jan 14 2006	We will be going back to the excellent Al Qasr	We stayed with our two children aged 8 and 11 for New Year and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. Excellent service and the best breakfast buffet ever (choice from English breakfast through to sushi). Great pool with lots of attendants so you can be sure the kids are safe. Great beach with a stunning view of the Burj. The previous year we stayed at the sister hotel Mina Al Salam, which was good, but Al Qasr is better. Go to the nearby Emirates shopping mall - great shopping plus Ski Dubai (real snow and good skiing runs - about £20 for two hours) - and of course the water park next to neigbouring Jumeirah Beach, Wild Wadi, which is good fun (excellent revamped kids area). Be wary of taking trips into town, especially late afternoon/early evening as you will be sitting in traffic jams for a couple of hours. Went on a dhow trip which was overpriced and boring. Finally, the party on New Year's eve (which is compulsory and expensive) is a night to remember crowned with a tremendous firework display. We hope to return to Al Qasr and do it all again next New Year.	
Jan 8 2006	The most amazing hotel	What can I say. After a very stressful few months my husband and I booked this hotel for 5 nights and wish we could have stayed longer. We initially tried to book at the Mina which was full and are now glad we stayed at Al Qasr. The pool is fantastic and for most of the morning virtually empty. The service and staff were outstanding and can't do enough for you. The Abras (water taxis) at this resort make it feel really different and the restaurants and bars are all wonderful. It's possible to eat expensively one evening and very cheaply the next if you wish. Pad Thai was really special with a table next to the water as was Pierre Chic (although much more expensive). As a guest at Al Qasr you can use the facilities at all Madinat hotels and the Jumeira Beach. We were unable to visit the Burj due to my husband not having closed in shoes with him but didn't feel disappointed since those who did visit said it was very stuffy. Sky Bar at the Jumeriah Beach has amazing views and excellent champagne cocktails.We were there during Ramadan and had been nervous about this but we really needn't have worried. I really can't fault the Al Qasr and will defnintely return. The food, the pool, the bedrooms, the cold towels brought to you in the sun, the attentiveness of the staff and the guaranteed weather all make it a fantastic destination and hotel.	
Jan 3 2006	Breathtakingly Beautiful	We stayed for 5 Nights in December at the Al Qasr at Madinat Jumeirah. (Then went on to the Burj for 2 nights - see separate Review of another Superb hotel)From the moment our Hotel greeter met us as we disembarked, we knew this was going to be a special trip, we were ushered through customs like VIP's, our baggage was collected and we were transported by limousine to a truly beautiful 'Palace' Everything about the hotel was fantastic. The awesome entrance, the opulent lobby, the beautiful lounge we were taken into for check in (no check -in reception here).We were given breakfast in the executive lounge before being shown to our breathtakingly beautiful room, with outstanding views.We were pampered for 5 days by very attentive staff, who gave us special treats of flowers, cake, card and chocolates as we were celebrating our anniversary that week. The resort was fantastic, Lovely little abras (water takis) to take us around to restauraunts, the lovely spa etc. The pool and beach were outstanding, and all the food we had was gorgeous. The souk was well worth a few trips. We are definately going back this year with our sons.Thanks for a lovely stay.	
Dec 9 2005	My best holiday ever	Just returned this morning from Dubai. We had a magical holiday at the Al Qasr stayed here and also 1 night at the Burj al Arab see my other review but in my opinion Al Qasr wins hands down. Nothing was too much trouble for the friendly staff the hotel was opulent and met all our expectations. We had a lovely time and already planning our next holiday there.	
Nov 30 2005	Our of this world!!!	I have just come back from a week at the Al Qasr in Dubai &amp; all the reviews praising it were true! The hotel is incredible and the staff are fabulous. There is nothing they wouldn't do for you. Our room was a really good size and with 3 adults in it we had more than enough space. The turndown service and the fruit and chocolates in the evening were a lovely touch. The bathrooms were equipped we anything you could possible need or have forgotten!We had breakfast every morning in the Aboretum Restaurant and found the standard of food to be very high. The wide choice available meant that there was something there to cater for almost anyone. We also ate at the same restaurant twice for dinner, and the buffet for dinner was just as good as in the morning. We had a vegetarian amongst us and the choice available to her was beyond her wildest dreams. We also ate at Japengos over in the Souk and again the food was lovely and represented good value for money. On our last night we ate at Trader Vic's (also in the souk) and again the food was lovely. Eating out in Dubai can be very reasonable, even in the likes of the Hard Rock Cafe which is normally very overpriced. The only disappointment was that we were unable to get into the Skybar over in the Burj Al Arab for a drink as it was booked out until the 31st Dec. We did get to visit in the evening when guests of the Madinat Jumeirah Hotel are allowed in. The views from the Skybar are great but I have to say I prefered the Al Qasr, the hotel, the grounds and the facilities are all much better.The Six Senses Spa should also be experienced. The treatments, while not cheap, are very reasonable in price. I would recommend the Holistic Massage, just divine and in fact it was cheaper than many similar treatments in Ireland. Again all the little touches just serve to make the whole experience one to remember.The shopping malls in Dubai are massive so give yourself plenty of time, especially in the Mall of the Emirates. They have wonderful items for your home that are quite different for what you will find in Europe.All in all we had a fabulous trip &amp; I can't wait to return to the Al Qasr, hopefully sooner rather than later.	
Nov 20 2005	Simply Luxury!	Well, where do we begin... We stayed at the Al Qasr for our honeymoon &amp; it was truly amazing. The staff are all extremely polite &amp; courteous &amp; nothing was ever too much trouble. Our room was huge &amp; the bed, oh the bed - every morning we overslept as the bed just engulfed you &amp; the only thing that made you get out of bed was the calling of the sumptuous buffet breakfast of worldly delights! (I particularly recommend that when you are seated you request poached eggs, they are cooked to order &amp; are absolute pecfection!) The beach loungers must be made by the same people that make the beds, as these are THE MOST COMFORTABLE loungers I have ever had the pleasure of laying on! And at the height of the day when the beach attendants come round to offer you a spritz of water over your face or a cold face towel, I thought I had died &amp; gone to heaven! We would definatley recommend that you take an Abra around the hotel waterways, just stop at one of the many stations &amp; request that the guide take you for a tour. They are more than happy to oblige &amp; indulge their knowledge of the hotel &amp; various eateries. We stayed during Ramadan &amp; although some of the lounges were closed inside, the beach/poolside restaurants were open &amp; so you did not feel that you were upsetting any muslim customs during the day. Don't be at all put off by staying in Dubai during Ramadan. It is great to be able to partake in the Iftar celebrations (Breaking of fast) &amp; their shopping hours are extended, which in one of the shopping capitals of the world is never a bad thing!! The Emirates Mall had just been opened &amp; although not all shops were open, we could see how this was going to be a great shopping experience - well worth a visit! Definatley recommend you visit Wild Wadi, it is not just for the kids!! We also went for Friday Brunch at the Burj al Arab - a must just for the views of the Gulf(Palm &amp; World projects) &amp; the desserts!! Enjoy!	
Nov 16 2005	The best	Stayed at the Madinat again, last time it was the Mina Salam in June 05, this time the Al Qasr Premium Leisure. I think I must have stayed at a different hotel from the review posted Nov 6 as we had the most wonderful time. One small glitch at the strart but that was overcome and compensated. The service was yet again outstanding. I am like the husband of the lady who wrote the review and do not like going back to the same hotel if I can avoid it, but not so with the Madinat Hotels. I cannot lavish enough praise on the staff who were most attentive. With regards to lots of children, it is a resort hotel with a leisure club and the largest hotel swimming pool in the Middle East, so one would expect children there!!!. The Mina Salam is what I would think is more for the guests with no children, but then of course there is the use of all the hotels facilities to get away from the children. Of course the reviewer had children with her so what is the problem? . I do agree with the lots of Eastern European (not all Russian I may add) who were rude to the staff, but let's face it the hotel has little control over the guests on this matter and they are many of them investing heavily in Dubai therefore most welcome. Saying that there were also some Western European and North American guests who gave good manners a bad name. Like the reviewer, the hotel maintenance had to gain access to our room to carry out a minor repair and asked us what time would it be convient for them to come into the room when it was vacated. I do not think this was an unreasonable request. Remember Dubai is an Islamic country with a different cultural and some of the Middle Eastern guests would have complained about workmen in the room with females. Regarding the suq at Ramadan, this is just part of life in this area of the world.All I can say is roll on when I can go back to the Madinat soon	
Nov 6 2005	Very different experience this time!!!	I left a review on the 4th June called &quot;our best holiday ever&quot; the holiday was so good that for the first time in our lives we booked to go back again (my husband always wants to try new places so as a rule however much we enjoy our holiday we dont go back we just try to find somewhere even better!!) When we arrived i knew immediately that the hotel had changed the guys that greeted us at the airport were as charming and efficient as last time but on arriving at the hotel there was no cold welcoming drink and it was a long wait before anyone appeared with a cold flannel we were just left to wait and then they realised that we had booked premium leisure rooms so they ushered us through to the breakfast area and then after a quick bite to eat up to our rooms. We booked the same as last time 2 interconnecting premium leisure ocean deluxe rooms but we were shown to a different wing of the hotel and the childrens room was down a corridor some distance from our room this was completely unacceptable so i refused to accept the rooms and after a while they found two more rooms which we accepted but again they were in the opposite wing of the hotel from where we stayed before so a long long way away from the premium leisure lounge and as a result we only bothered to go into the lounge twice having paid a lot of money for the upgrade (you get drinks and food at certain times of the day and on our previous stay we had used the lounge a lot)When i did go to the lounge it was heaving with people and lots of children and on one occasion i managed to sit down with a magazine and in an hour no one had even approached me to ask if i would like a drink (last time they were so attentive) Breakfast was a nightmare it was impossible to get a table so we started ordering roomservice which was nice but not the same as getting out and picking what you wanted from a larger selection. We really got no benefit at all from the premium leisure service, the staff were so busy that we didn't even get them to book our restaurants for us we just phoned places direct from our room and as the hotel was so busy we couldn't get tables where and when we wanted them but all the meals we did have were very good. Room service seemed lazy after a few days they didn't bother to put the big decorative bed covers and all the cushions back on the childrens beds and make the room look like new again but all our sheets and duvets were changed everyday.The showers in both rooms were beautiful but didn't work properly it drove us mad they were boiling hot one minute and freezing cold the next the fact that they were both like it seemed like too much of a coincidence to me and when i complained they said i needed to be in the room and they would try to get someone to take a look but noone came and i got fed up waiting. Surely at the prices they charge i should be allowed to sit on the beach whilst someone services the shower, i dont have to be in the room when they send someone to clean my room!!! No i think its a problem in a lot of rooms and they dont actually know what to do about it!! Also the doors leading onto the balcony in the childrens room wouldn't lock which was unacceptable but again nothing was done about it during our stay and i put the chairs infront of the doors each night for security (unless spiderman was staying at the resort it was very unlikely that anyone was going to get in)Also the big heavy wooden sliding door that leads into the bathroom was quite stiff and not running smoothly the door had a long worn patch on the wood where it was grinding with the door frame so wear and tear on the rooms is starting to show and the carpets had some stains. The pool area was a nightmare it was heaving with people and there was not a spare lounger in sight but we did manage to get some on the beach. The children didn't use the kids club very much this time as it was very busy and full of very young children but as last time i did find the staff in there to be very kind and welcoming. Due to ramadan the souk wasn't open during the day but that was the only real difference everything else was the same you could still order food and drinks around the pool and on the beach. There were lots of russian people staying at the hotel and i was shocked at how rude they are and how they treat the staff i'm sure there are good and bad in all nationalities but it seemed without exeption that they were very unpleasant hotel guests. Overall the appearance of the hotel is very impressive and if you can travel out of the school holidays i'm sure you will have a lovely time but at full capacity it feels way too busy and i am afraid that they have got greedy and seem to be packing the hotel with guests and then are unable to offer a full 5* service as it is just too busy and overcrowded.	
Oct 19 2005	It's Heaven!	We spent 7 days at this hotel in July. Couldn't have dreamed of a nicer honeymoon. Amazing views of the resort. We thought it was nicer than the Burj because it was a little bit more relaxed and had fantastic decoration inside. Staff were very helpful.	
Oct 13 2005	Al Qasr at Madinet Jumeriah: Absolutely Superb	Spent one week at this fantastic hotel, can't fault it in any way. Service and food excellent, although went with grandchildren (7months &amp; 3years) some of the restaurants around the hotel do not cater for children which was a shame as we would have liked to have eaten in Pisces and the Italian restaurant. Also the water park is undergoing reconstruction on certain parts so again the children being tiny could not be catered for.Neverless this was my second trip to Dubai, and it just gets better and better.	
Sep 29 2005	Heaven On Earth	This has got to be the best yet! Hotel was grand, staff were fantastic, rooms were luxurious, view was tremendous and location was A1. There was not one negative point from the whole holiday. It's the little things that make all the difference and Al Qasr certainly has got it right! Go for it!	
Sep 26 2005	Fantastic!!!!!!!	The Al Qasr was Fantastic, we stayed between 12 - 18 sept for our Honeymoon and we couldn't have wished for better. We upgraded to Club Ex. and it was well worth it. When we got off the plane in Dubai we had somebody waiting for us they whisked us through passport control and we collected our bags straight away, we were then whisked to the Al Qasr in a very flash BMW. Our room was lovely great views, its would have been nice to be welcome with some champagne (we were on honeymoon) but we did recieve roses and a chocolate cake. The service around the pool was excellent, iced face clothes, fruit kebabs, iced cumcuber and they even offered to clean your sun glasses. The pierchic is a nice place to eat, didn't think much of the meat co. Fusion @ La Royal Meriden is also nice, shame about the building work there though. With club ex. we got afternoon tea, with sandwiches and cakes and between 6 - 8 as much drink inc. champagne as you like and they also offered snacks. Overall a great place that has got the service spot on. Would defo go back.	
Sep 26 2005	The perfect Honeymoon.	We have Just got back on the 24th September having spent 10 nights celebrating our honeymoon at the outstanding Al Qasr Dubai.We booked a Deluxe Ocean view room with Executive membership.Part of the ‘extras’ you get with the Executive club are private transfers to and from the airport. As we stepped off the plane a representative guided us past hundreds of waiting passengers at passport control to a designated empty desk where our documents were checked and straight to a waiting long wheelbase Mercedes via luggage pick-up. ‘Cold towel &amp; drink Sir' our friendly chauffer asked. An impressive start.After a 30minute drive we arrived, opened mouthed, at the front of our home for the next 10 nights. Wow.Having been taken to the Executive lounge for check-in and breakfast! We were shown to our room on the 6th floor 7 hours before official check-in time.Room was very spacious, beautifully decorated and had a superb view of the waterway, pool, beach and Burj Al Arab hotel, all as promised. Slippers, robes, luxury bathroom products, chocolates all add to make it feel special. The following day we had heart shaped rose petals on the bed, roses, chocolate cake with ‘Congratulations’ on it and a card welcoming us during our special time. A nice touch. I could go on about the whole trip in detail and tell you how fantastic it really was but I don’t have time and I wouldn't want to bore you, so I will list the rest!!Chocolates on pillow every night; room kept immaculately clean and fresh towels after every shower; Very friendly polite staff; lots of life guards; huge fibre-optic pool; great grounds and waterway (3 ½ kms long); stunning private white sandy quiet beach with beach towels, fruit kebabs, cool vanilla face towels delivered to your sun bed; huge hotel – although 95% full you wouldn’t have know it being pleasantly quiet and relaxed; plenty of choices of restaurants (44 throughout the complex, booking recommended) this includes the ‘Souk’ ‘Mina A Salam’ ‘Jumeirah beach’ and the ‘Burj Al Arab’, which are all linked via waterway boats called ‘Arabs’ or buggy; food prices from £25 per head and alcoholic drinks £5; weather HOT; Executive Club was great – complimentary Tea and sandwiches between 3pm – 4:30pm and cocktails/champagne &amp; canapés between 6:00pm – 8:00pm, Ravi, our friendly barman made sure our champagne glasses never went dry!!; a night in the Skybar at the ‘Burj Al Arab’ a must but drinks expensive!! Will require booking. A spa voted best in the world. etc etc etcIt made for a perfect honeymoon for my wife and I, expensive but well worth it for that special occasion. We would really recommend that you pay that little extra and get the sea view and the executive membership, it would make the difference between a great holiday and a very special holiday – simply wonderful and a great shame to have to come home!	
Sep 22 2005	Best hotel we have ever stayed at	We stayed here in Jan 05. I have no hesitation in saying we will definitely be returning - everything about the resort oozes luxury.We had a fantastic stay - the rooms and bathrooms are outstanding. I have nothing negative to say, which is very unusual for me!	
Sep 20 2005	30th Birthday	We have just returned from 5 nights at the Al Qasr in Dubai, the hotel was fantastic and would recommend it to anyone. The staff were friendly and helpful always polite and ready with a smile and a greeting.The weather was very hot so lazy days spent laying around the huge pool at the resort which provided lots of shade from the palm trees, beautiful setting. I would say it would be nice in October when it isn't so hot. Poolside staff laid out beach towels for you and one rolled up for your head they also provided cucumber slices for your eyes, ice cold flannels, moisturising face spray and cleaned your sunglasses. The Six senses spa on the resort offered a huge range of treatments, we enjoyed a full body massage which left us very relaxed. The Madinet Jumeirah resort had buggies and Abbra (boat) to get around, the Abbra being a great form of transport. Huge range of restaurants catering for all tastes, the only downside was that whilst they were on the resort complex you were unable to charge them to your room account.We had a truly fantastic time and didn't want to come home.	
Aug 25 2005	The romantic getaway	We went there on the 21-24th August 2005 to celebrate our 1st wedding anniversary. Choose the hotel because of the good reviews from here. Although Mina Al-Salam is in 1st rating but we thought the room in Al-Qasr is much much more superior and classy from the pics. We were right!!! Loved the room!! Plus, we were very fortunate as there are having 1st anniversary promotions as well. We stayed at the Deluxe Ocean View for USD186 per night inclusive of 20% tax. It was nearly 50% off the original price. We loved it! Worth every penny spent. The views are breathtaking! The room was spendid - Arabian style deco. The King bed is very huge! It is actually 2 queen bed put together. Imagine that! Love the furnitures. Closet is huge! The bathroom consist of a lovely decorated bath tub plus a shower room and a toilet room. It is basically another suite! The power shower is very nice. Hotel staff was extremely helpful, but mostly are from Philipines, Indonesia, Sri Lanka and India. We get free access to Burj-Al Arab. The hotel was so so majestic in deco. Marvelous opportunity to visit this 7 star hotel for those who can't afford toThe Abra is our favourite mode of transport within the resort. Feels like a bit of venice in a middle of dessert! But would be nicer if the weather is not too hot. It was 36C at time so...most of the time were spent in the air-conditioner shopping malls. Better to visit on Sept onwardsStay off from The Abroterum Restaurant - the all dining cafe. The buffet lack of varieties. Choose Al-Muna restaurant in Mina Al-Salam instead. Slightly betterBut Dubai city itself is very very busy and modern. Do not like it much. The hotel is the only thing that we love in Dubai!Overall, it was a romantic &amp; memorable getaway for us! We certainly feels like royalties. Highly recommended	
Aug 19 2005	Beware of over enthusiastic reviews	We stayed (2x adults &amp; 1x 8 y.o.) from 14-17.8 in an Arabian Junior Suite special summer rate 615USD.The hotel is massively overpriced (and this was low season) compared to service. We got first a suite looking at staff entrance and taxi lane at hotel main entrance. After complaints and one night there we got moved (but only very late on second day) to a nice suite which we thought fitted the description. In an earlier review somebody mentionned Peninsula as similar. Well we just arrived from a Grand Deluxe one Bedroom Suite in Peninsula Bangkok at USD 300 all inclusive. I disagree that Al Quasr matches the Peninsula. Both from room size, quality and service. Service at Al Quasr is good but 3 star compared to the Peninsula 5 star service please stop talking about 6 &amp; 7 stars, the only thing which is 6 &amp; 7 star in Dubai is the price of rooms). It is not enough to be nice and polite, you need to be pro active and anticipate clients request. Al Quasr staff don't really know how to do this.Hotel: Beautiful Palace type hotel in Arabian style.Hotel room: Arabian Junior Suite. Poorly isolated from corridor, you hear all the people passing in front of your door, no second door to isolate you from this noise. Very noisy Air Conditioning (in both suites we got) hard to believe for a 1 y.o. hotel. The Peninsula Air Con is almost totaly silent and was built in 1998! Size OK. But unnaceptable to have such suite with no good view. No flat panel TV, DVD available. Bathroom nice, no TV in bathroom as for Peninsula. Room service: goodService: Average. Polite, smiling but very often heavily repetitive (I got 3 calls and one letter to ask to confirm departure time and airport transfer which I had given already the day before). Food: we had access to the Leisure lounge. Good food and average drinks (Pommery champagne was nice).Pool: Cooled pool which is good. But Prison Guard type Lifeguards every 10 meters! In a pool which has 1.5m depth max. Please note that all guards in sports shoe (very easy to take off an quickly jump in the water!).Sea: very hot but no jellyfish which is a plus compared to Thailand.Restaurants: did no try as overpriced (especially after Thailand)Water: this is ufortunately the really shocking thing at this hotel, despite the heat, no free ice water is available at the pool or at the beach. Both Peninsula and Hyatt we stayed at in Thailand offered this. I think this is a small profit policy.Please do not hesitate to contact me for more information.	
Aug 18 2005	7 STAR	The best hotel we have ever stayed-service first class-Kids club excellent-breakfast has to be seen to be believed.Everything previous reviewers have said is True.Will be returning in February 06.	
Aug 8 2005	the best hotel ever	This was the most amazing hotel i have ever stayed in!! The staff were suparb, the design of the hotel was out of this world!!! the food and drinks are resonble,(mid london prices) going all the way up 2 ur plush al la carte ones......the shopping on site is fab, if not a little over priced that the city shops. if your going to Dubai, stay at the Madinate complex you won't regret it!	
Aug 2 2005	Fab place	as other reviews state it is actually 3 different 'hotels' within the overall resort which translates as the city of jumeirah. you have access to it all - via abras (boats), buggies or walking. plus you can walk or ride along the promenade to burj al arab, jumeirah beach and the water park. to see it, esp at night, has to be believed. you will love this place - it is stunning, spotlessly clean, luxurious, unique and very stylish. although huge (c1km end to end and c3000 guests) it never feels busy or crowded and the c4000 staff provide an exceptional service). the views at burj al arab at night are incredible as are the views of the resort itself - esp from the many roof top and upper level bars e.g. kouba bar in the al qasr hotel.we (couple - male 40's, female 30's) flew in from the uk for a six day break first week in may. landed at the airport, met by a personal guide who fast tracked us thru customs, collected luggage and escorted us to our chaufeur driven beemer (pre booked for c?30 each way - bargain) for the 20 mins trip to hotel. we flew overnight landing at 7.00am local time so this great service really helps.at the resort itself we were staying in the summer houses (dar al masyaf) so we had a private check in area and our room was available immediately so we were able to shower and have a quick sleep. i had requested an early check in and i don't know if this was typical but they said even if the room had not been available they would have given us a temporary room to change / sleep etc but being able to get straight to our room really helped.	
Aug 1 2005	Not for everyone	Great service and lovely hotel, but atmosphere very &quot;empty&quot; feeling. Happy hour in Club Executive not very happy considering all the champagne being consumed. Good time, but wouldn't go back.	
Jul 17 2005	Out of This World	Stayed here for a week in June and had a fantastic time. We were treated loke royalty from the minute we arrived. Everything about this hotel screams class!! We had a look at the Mina A Salam while we were there but the Al Qasr is superior in every way.	
Jul 6 2005	Magic	this place will blow you away - simple as that. as other reviews state it is actually 3 different 'hotels' within the overall resort which translates as the city of jumeirah. you have access to it all - via abras (boats), buggies or walking. plus you can walk or ride along the promenade to burj al arab, jumeirah beach and the water park. to see it, esp at night, has to be believed. you will love this place - it is stunning, spotlessly clean, luxurious, unique and very stylish. although huge (c1km end to end and c3000 guests) it never feels busy or crowded and the c4000 staff provide an exceptional service). the views at burj al arab at night are incredible as are the views of the resort itself - esp from the many roof top and upper level bars	
Jul 1 2005	Superb	I am confident that all reviews on this property will be positiveEverything about a stay at Al Qasr is superb. The service is impressive, the rooms, lounges, pool, food and the beach are all terrific. Everyone goes out of their way to make your stay special. All of the staff are friendly, smiley and helpful and unlike a trip to the States, this is all done without the goal of a tip / gratuity.I have stayed at many top class resorts alledgedly five star. This one deserves all its accolades and many, many more. NB The adjacent Mina A' Salam is also pretty impressive although the rooms and decor at Al Qasr is far superior.	
Jun 28 2005	Seven Stars	If there is such a thing as a seven-star hotel, the Al Qasr is it. Totally enjoyable, amazing architecture, excellent acommodations and food galore, the beach and swimming pools wonderful, the service so attentive and everyone of the vast multinational staff is friendly and helpful. This place makes you feel so good - maybe one should keep it as a secret... to be shared only with your best friends!!!	
Jun 14 2005	the ultimate hotel	stayed for 7 nights with wife and son we were all totaly amazed at the sheer decadence of what can only be described as the finest hospitality in this amazing place, calling it a hotel cannot do justice as al qasr translated means `the palace` and that is what you get from the first welcome to the last goodbye. the surrounding decor is the best money can buy, the rooms are all modern but sympathetic to the arabian theme, the staff are all very polite and will quickly offer to help no matter what you ask. the pool is freeform and ideal for families must be good everybody from neighbouring mina a salam goes there, kids club is first class with there own mini water park. the souk is very good and restaurants are fantastic. one little niggle is there is nowhere to stock up on cans of coke,crisps etc for kids(because they want you to use the mini bar in rooms,very expensive £2.40 for can of pepsi, £2 for snickers bar). if going to malls go in the daytime very busy at night, also only one mall worth visiting the deira city centre mall this is where the locals shop, has supermarket (6 cans of pepsi £1)large foodcourt, mini fairground and cheapest electricalgoods and clothes. forget the burj this is luxury it must be good it was full of footballers, sports stars,etc when we were there definately going back buckingham palace of the east	
Jun 5 2005	Paradise found	Have just returned from 5 night at the Al Qasr and feel very depressed. Travelled with my wife and 2 children (9 &amp; 7) and will definately return. We stayed in the premium leisure part of the hotel and would highly recomend paying the extra, the breakfasts were superb with lots of variety as was the food served in the evening. The swimming pool is the best of the complex and ultra safe given how many life guards are always on duty. The kids loved the kids club (Sinbads) as they could wander in and out as and when they wanted. Sinbads also provided 3 hours of evening entertainent inlcuding tea for 55dhs per child. The food on the whole was very good although we were slighly dissapointed with Nappa and the Thai resteraunts, good food but little choice. The staff are ulta friendly and always more than willing to help. My wife lost her handbag in the Souk and it was found within 2 hours with everything still in it (including money)Overall, an ideal holiday destination to relax and laze by the pool or on the beach even if you have kids in tow.	
May 27 2005	Simply the best hotel in the world	It's difficult to picture this hotel until you have been here. It is magnificent! It must be set on 100 acres and therefore probably occupies more land than any Las Vegas Hotel. Luxury Luxury Luxury. Imagine a hotel where you can take a motor boat trip for 10 minutes around the hotel grounds. Its rivers makes the Venetian in Vegas look tiny. It has around 40 resturants and about the same number of massage villas. The pool is the biggest we've ever seen and its next to the beach with a fantastic water park next door. Not that you need that. 30 people on exclusive 2 mile+ long beach is pretty busy.We've been fortunate to stay at many of the worlds top hotels including Gleneagles, Four Seasons in New York, Ritz Carlton Atlanta, Many hotels in Vegas, The Boardwalk in Florida, The Grand in Vienna, The K Club in Ireland, The Hilton in Rome, Olunda in Greece, Anassa in Cyprus and the Jumeirah Beach in Dubai. None of them come close to this experience.Whether a special occassion or just for a treat, you must come here. Amazing and great value too. They sweep the paths of leaves, dust the railings and regularly dust 20 foot chandeliers. The staff are the most polite we have ever seen along with the K Club in Ireland.Our only complaint was that there was only one jar of gummy bears in the room!!!! and they replaced them every day! Love our Gummys!If you only visit one hotel this year go to the Al Qasr. Being in Dubai its also probably one of the safest hotel in the world no matter what your nationality.	
May 25 2005	Magical hotel - agree with others	Having just returned we totally agree with the superlatives from other contributors. We too thought the Jumeirah Beach Hotel would be very hard to beat but the Al Qasr clearly did. The levels of service in all areas and the quality of the building/rooms were exceptional.We loved the fabulous pool area and the ability to utilise all the facilities of the Madinat Jumeirah ( 40+ restaurants)- we were spoiled with choices of where to eat. Although the prices were on the high side the quality and service were very good. We liked the Zheng He ( the Chinese in the Mina A' Salam ) and the Segreto ( Italian accessed through the Souk).If you want to spoil yourself go to the AQ ( as the staff seem to call it) - you will be impressed from the moment you drive up the entrance, welcomed by the attentive and friendly staff and see the magnificence of the entrance hall - just look at the chandelier !!The AQ means The Palace and it is well named as you will be treated like royalty	
May 23 2005	Totally amazing Al Qsar	My husband and I stayed at the Al Qsar for 5 nights to celebrate our 10th Wedding anniversary (without the kids!)This hotel is just beautiful, the service is second to none and the staff in the hotel are the most friendly and helpful I have met anywhere in the world. The pool is excellent surrounded by 8 lifeguards at all times. Waiters bring you fresh fruit and cucumbers throughout the day! The pool attendents make up your sunbed with towels and neck pillows. You are made to feel like royalty at all times, wherever you are in the complex. The water way that surrounds the hotel makes it really special and you can hop on and off the free boats all day. The restaurants were superb, it was a shame we didn't have enough time to eat in them all! The souk was a great place for an evening stroll and there are also plenty of restaurants to chose from. The six sense spa was really great and we had a massage together in the same room. The view of the Burj and ocean from the room was unbelievable. The rooms are luxurious and spacious. We had dinner in the Burj so we could have a look around . Although the Burj is an amazing place to visit I would not pay double the price of the Al Qsar to stay there. You are better off just making a dinner or lunch reservation so you can get in and be nosey! We have stayed in 5+ star hotels all over the world but this beats all of them all hands down. We can't wait to go back, this time with the kids. (Kids club looked good) You can't fail to be impressed with this hotel.	
May 4 2005 	Al Qasr one in a million		
Apr 8 2005	Excellent resort hotel! Much better than Mina A' Salam		
Apr 2 2005	Just Superb!		
Mar 22 2005	Sheer Indulgence		
Feb 22 2005	Unbelievable		
Dec 30 2004	Christmas at Al Qasr		
Dec 14 2004	Disney meets Arabia but slow service		
Oct 31 2004	Fantastic		
Oct 27 2004	Al Qasr..A step up from the Mina A Salam		
Nov 6 2009 	Wow-Top in allen Hinsichten!!!!		
Oct 27 2009 	al qasr		
Oct 24 2009 	Fantastico		
Oct 8 2009 	Al Qasr Madinat Jumeirah		
Sep 27 2009 	Besser geht es wirklich nicht!		
Sep 21 2009 	Trés deçu !		
Jul 31 2009 	Al Qasr-mit das beste was ich gesehen habe-		
Jul 13 2009 	?????????		
Jul 11 2009 	Disneymat		
Jun 24 2009 	Superbe hôtel en bord de mer		
Jun 23 2009 	?????????		
May 29 2009 	SUPERBE !		
Apr 19 2009 	Auch beim zweiten Mal beeindruckend und grossartig		
Feb 17 2009 	Eines der besten Hotels am Platz...		
Feb 2 2009 	????????		
Feb 1 2009 	Das Beste am Hotel ist die Club Executive Lounge		
Feb 1 2009 	??????????????????		
Jan 13 2009 	Ein Hotel wie aus 1001-Nacht einfach phantastisch !		
Dec 27 2008 	????????????		
Jul 6 2008 	un sogno		
Mar 14 2008 	Semplicemente magnifico		
Mar 9 2008	Superbe hôtel - Excellent service		
