Aug 25 2009 	I like this hotelGood Food Clean But Not Located in Great Area.	i like:1. Rooms2. Foods ( HB. Break Fast &amp; Lunch ) The Foods Were Iranian.3. Staffs4. View Of Hotel.5. Clean6. Cheap &amp; Good Rate7. I will Back to This Hotel For Next timeDislikes:1. Not Located in Great Area. 2. Noisy Night Clubs ( We had Room in Upstairs But You Can Hear Night Clubs Sounds. ).	
Oct 28 2008 	Awful	This was one of two hotels we tried in Dubai, and would not recommend this one to anyone (unless you are Middle Eastern). This hotel clearly caters for a specific type of clientele, and if you are not in that group, you are virtually ignored. Our (double) room was located directly above one of the three very loud night clubs in this hotel, which operates every night till 2am.Not particularly well located, difficult for taxis to get access to (so they do not), and not all of the services they state they offer are. Our laundry disappeared for three days.	
Aug 27 2008 	General Review	Upon our arrival, the hotel transportation van was already in the airport waiting for us. The van had a great air conditioner, so the hottness of the weather was taken care of just fine. When we got to the hotel we had to wait until about 1:30 before they gave us the key to our rooms which they said will happen on 2 o'clock.THE ROOM :we had 3 rooms, 208, 203 and 214 as we were 8 people. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated. There was a decent tv with about 30 channels, covering news, movies, musics and sports, a few of them being Persian channels. The refrigrator didn't seem to be working good though and the room service said that it'll only be able to keep a bottle or two cold! one of the nice things about the room was that it had a digital safe box inside the closet which you could use to keep your money and stuff safely in the room, it even had enough space to store my laptop. There was a sofa for two people and a chair in front of the make up desk. We had three separate beds which were just fine. The air conditioner in the room seemed to be fine as well. The only problem with the room was the sound insulation. I could clearely hear people talking and opening and closing the door to their rooms, which I found really annoying and it woke me up a few times. I think it's the problem with the door as the walls seem to be thick enough. Also, our room (208) seemed to be located right above the Indian night club, which didn't let us sleep until 3:00 a.m the first night, and we had to get ear plugs from a pharmacy. Among our other rooms, the 203 was ok noise wise, and the 214 was above the Persian night club I guess. The floors were G, M, 1, 2, ... and the night clubs and the restaurant were located on the M floor and we were on the 2nd floor. (M stands for Mezanine by the way!) One of the other negative points about the room was the bathroom's water. Even the cold water itself was too hot that made it so hard to take a shower without burning your skin. The bathroom was pretty clean and they cleaned it everyday, but it only had soup, and hair and body shampoo. No lotions or anything else.THE NIGHT CLUBS :The night clubs were not interesting at all. The Indian one was too boring with a few tables and some women dancing on the stage. Although the waiters were quite friendly.The Persian night club, to my surprise had an entrance fee of 100dhs!!! (which also included some fruits and a drink) There were some singers there too who i did not find interesting at all. Among the guests most were men, and there were a few asian looking females who I think were prostitutes, but unlike our previous hotel, they didn't make any moves whatsoever over the men around them, and they'd just sit quietly smoking or sometimes they'd come and dance on the stage. There were a few single Persian women as well... Anyways, it was really boring so I left the club quite early.I didn't check the arabian night club.THE LOBBY :The lobby had a big (46&quot;) LCD and enough sofas, a piano which was unused the whole time, a cafe and an internet pub with 3 really slow computers and an even slower internet connection for a surprising 20 dhs an hour!!!!! The hotel also had an English pub which I didn't try.THE FOOD :The breakfast and lunch was the best thing about this hotel, as most of the food was either Persian or really close to a Persian's taste.Most (if not all) the guests at this hotel were iranians at the time of our stay.So, on the whole it's a good hotel for families considering the reasonable price. But for a single person I'd rather choose a hotel with a good night club or at least near one. I din't like the fact that you had to pay for everything in this hotel, even the computers. I hope this review would help you in making a decision.	
