Sep 30 2009 	Decent hotel would stay again	I was quite worried after reading some of the reviews on this site as I'd already booked the hotel but please don’t be put off. I am a 26 year old female and I stayed here with my mum and Gran and we really enjoyed our stay. Room - was large and clean, bed was massive, queen size I think. The room was a double supreme, and they were going to put in a another single bed but the bed was more than large enough for three. Nice big flat screen TV with a range of satellite channels. Plenty of cupboard space. Breakfast - there is a good spread of food, they always have English fry up items, an Indian option (alloo puri, dosa etc) American pancakes and then your usual cold items - cereals, toast, croissants, pastries. Location - If you are going to Dubai and you are wanting to be close to Meena Bazaar than this place is for you. It is practically across the road and we went every day. The creek was fairly close too, you could walk there through Meena Bazaar in about 15-20 mins. There are small malls and amenities all around the hotel. McDs and KFC opposite and plenty of other eateries open till early hours of the morning. General – As some other have mentioned, this hotel does mainly cater for Asians as it is Indian owned and run. The club is a little loud and so I am glad we requested a room on a higher floor. We were on the 5th floor and the disco did not disturb us. The swimming pool is a little abandoned and looks rarely used – not very inviting. The beauty salon is expensive, but they are very good. My mum had a full body massage and said it was well worth the money. This is not a top class hotel but I wouldn’t class it as a budget hotel either – we had a very comfortable stay. On the last day we ordered room service – meal for 3 came to around £15...bargain for a hotel and portions were very good. I would stay at this hotel again and also recommend it to family and friends.	
Jul 28 2009 	Some will like it some won't. . .	Ok, lets get to the point. This hotel has nice clean rooms, and pretty decent service, and its located in a decent area - close to Burjuman mall, and numerous shops. HOWEVER, this hotel becomes an all out party scene at night. When you enter the lobby in the latter part of the evening, you're greeted with disco lighting, loud music, and plenty of loose women. In fact, outside the hotel there are plenty of loose women to pick up. OH yes, make sure you get a room on a high floor. . . otherwise you'll hear the thumping music from the club all night.Look the hotel is cheap, I paid like US$65 per night. It comes with ups and downs. . .if you're pretty conservative, I'd suggest staying away. . . but if you don't mind the loud music and loose women, for the price, it might be worth considering.	
Jul 27 2009 	Don't bother	I booked a deluxe room that had no towels, no tea or coffee with the kettle and an empty mini bar. I stayed for one night and won't be staying again. On booking out in the morning I was not allowed to have a copy of my bill, the reason given was that the booking agent doesn't want clients to see how much commission they add. I told the staff that I wasn't concerned about the commision rate and that I just wanted a copy of the bill again to be told I couldn't. Luckily for the staff I had a taxi to catch and didn't have time to continue debating the matter. Poor rooms, poor service and poor staff. Don't stay at this hotel even as a last resort.	
Jun 23 2009 	Great Hotel! This is a steal!	I was really hesitant to stay at the Regal because of all the negative feedback on the site, especially as a female traveling solo. I rarely take the time to write reviews, but I had to rectify this poor impression. The room was extremely clean. The location was great, near a lot of tourist attractions. Front desk staff was extremely helpful. The buffet breakfast was amazing. There are a number of good restaurants in the hotel. Ok, so it's not the Ritz, but I honestly couldnt believe the price for all I got! This is one of those rare gems...a great value.	
Apr 30 2009 	great service and value for money	The service was a pleasant surprise. So was the price. In fact the location is also convenient.	
Apr 29 2009 	not recommended	The hotel lobby stinks. There is a disco downstairs every night and it is very loud. The room was very dark. The picture seen is othe buildings next to it. The area itself is just dirty and crowded. Dont be fooled by the picture and the price. You would be better off getiing another location in other quite and nice areas. The concierge was also very unhelpful.	
Jan 26 2009 	It's 'ok' – and that's it.	Booked the hotel because it was the only option in the last leg of a business trip and budget dictated this choice.As many of the reviews note, the hotel is merely 'ok'. It covers the basics which we have all now come to expect from international standard hotels: tv, minibar, bathrooms with extra towels, soaps etc. basic cupboard space, small desk and chairs, in-room safe. What made the Regal somewhat different from other hotels in this class (in my experience) is the size of the room - it was really quite large and boasted a king size bed. However, from this point on, things dont look quite as good.Upon arrival, the man at reception did not acknowledge us (I travelled with a colleague) as we stepped up to the counter, nor did he for several seconds afterwards... he just continued his work. With a mouth hanging open (no jokes), he looked up at me and said hello and asked for our booking details in a most matter-of-fact way. The first impression left me tainted. There was just no extra mile attitude and I felt like I was bothering him for the entire stay. The other reception ladies were all from Eastern descent and could not speak English well, so I was often diverted to the 'English speaking gentleman' for queries when calling reception. Things just always felt hard to achieve. My colleague requested a wake-up call and they missed it by 1hr!All service was not bad. I needed the in-room safe opened and this was done promptly and staff was friendly and well spoken. Staff at breakfast was also very polite.Breakfast is served in an extension of the lobby (weird) and is quite tacky really (American Bar at night). There is also an pub in the lobby and it is clearly a local sport hangout as multi-national flags grace both the entrance and the lobby. On the next level there is a club that is extremely loud. Book for floor 7/8 at the very front of the hotel as any other room must surely be blasted by that noise. (i cant actually believe that they alow it to be so loud).Hotel sits in a good neighbourhood, with easy access to Taxi's. The Dubai creek is 10 mins walk away. The building however sits on a large traffic circle that is currently under construction. Dont expect any pretty views.Rooms have old carpets, broken, burnt and dirty in the corners, so if you look close, you'll find ample eeekkk moments. Lastly, the fitness room is fine, but the pool area and &quot;health spa&quot; is just gastly. The creepiest I've seen in a long time.This hotel seems to run on a mix of local support and the need for budget travelers to find accomodation in Dubai (of which there is plenty). If you need budget, you'll survive here, however, stay away if you want views, luxury and something special.	
Oct 20 2008 	Average Hotel	Frankly, if the hotel is not book through my friend's company and we get the cheaper corporate rate, I don't think we will come back again to stay at this hotel.No doubt the location is good but we don't like the night club at the ground floor. It was very noisy and smelly at all night.The breakfast is not nice and the dining tables are also limited. If we went late around 9.30am to the dining area, we will not be able to find a place for breakfast.The hotel internet charges is very expensive. It cost Dhs 45 per hour whereas the Europe country hotel only charge around Euro 3 per hour. Very very expensive.The hotel service is not too good. Our room always lack of towel. Everyday we need to call to the reception to 'chase' for the new towel. The cleaning lady never left the clean towel to us after the room cleaning service.Nevertheless, the room is clean and big and we felt comfortable to stay in even the furniture seems a bit old.	
Oct 17 2008 	Not good hotel	I book this hotel thrue the agency. I was staying there with my frend.We two were on visitintig tour of DUbai.My complains are this:In the hotel there is night club where are coming many prostitutu.So for the girls can be many uncomfortable situation.I mean we were checked on the receptions many times , and when we wanted to invite our frend in room they didnt give us, but they call security and our frend coudnt come in our room.Stuff is very unfamilier, especcialy to female guess.Also the service is very bad, our towels didnt change regularly, so we had to ask them to change it.The sink in bathroom had a problem so water was coming from the floor whenever we open water. Also two time electricity was gone in 3 days.Breakfast is also bed, and its served almost in the main hall, near reception.What can I say is that for money I payed for the room I think the service is very bad. Afterall the price isnt too small.I woudnt recomend this hotel, because in DUbai you can get for this money better service and better room.	
Jul 14 2008 	Basic but OK	Stayed for a week on business. OK but no frills. Good sports bar serves plenty of brands of alcohol including Stella. The bar food was suprisingly very good.Breakfast is poor but I guess OK as it was included in the room rate.Pool is small and doesn't get sun all day. Location is good - I walked to the nearest Mall most nights to eat also walked to the creek.	
May 28 2008 	False advertising on internet-hotel area under construction	No Jacuzzi-Broken, covered in plastic. Looks it has not been used for for long time. No coffee shop. Not suitable for vegetarians. Swimming pool-half full-poor condition, dirty. Bollywood cafe has 6-7 girls dancing on stage every night and men giving them money. Only suitable for batchelors. Internet picture of hotel is false.On internet hotel is next to buildings. These have been demolished and turned into a roundabout with construction work. Bur Dubai is under construction as a railway is being built until end of 2009. Roadworks. Evidence attached in pics. No taxis available in bur dubai. One taxi driver told us that they do not go to bur dubai as it is congested with diverted traffic and due to the building work. Hotel said more than 2 hrs wait for a taxi and will not chase this for you. Hotel has 1 driver for airport transfers but this is not free.'No easy access to banks, business and shopping'.'Pool is not temperature controlled'. Very congested traffic in Dubai and not a holiday destination. Good fofr shopping only. Bathroom-cracks on floor and tiles. Little holes in the bathroom tub. Toilet seat broken when we arrived. Dvd player not working in room. 'No spa tub or turkish bath'. 'Hotel does not offer a shuttle bus to and from the airport'. 'Taxi is not available 24 hrs a day'. Have to wait more than 2 hrs. Window in room has no lock and is open at all times. Dangerous if on top floor. 'A bus service runs to city centre' Have to wait more than 1 hr due to roadworks. Whole of Dubai is under construction and hotel is located on a roundabout. Would not advice any holidaymakers to visit Dubai until end of 2009. 'No currency exchange'.	
Nov 3 2007 	Pretty Nice rooms; only one minor complaint	I paid about $150 USD for a one night stay during the high season. It turned out the place was quite nice and comparable to any western chain. They gave me a huge room on one of the top floors. Unfortunately I never made use of the facilities as I was simply transiting Dubai.But, my one complaint is that two of my female friends from Dubai met me at the hotel and came to my room to use the toilet. (no lying) and immediately the manager sent one of his guys up knocking on the door and was very firm that they had to leave immediately. I opened the door wide for him to see that nothing at all was going on. Anyway, I was quite angry at how rude they were and seemed to assume that my two asian friends were prostitutes and not former acquaintances from Kyrgyzstan. Anyway, given Dubai's reputation I can understand this, but I wish they would have been less insulting about it. (I was short of punching the guy in his face for being obstinate) But, this event definately did leave a shrowd over my stay.	
Sep 17 2007 	Good value a little noisy	I stayed for 5 nights at this hotel and was quite pleased. The rooms are big for the price range, comfortable and well equipped. Not far from what you get at double the price across the street. Staff is also helpful, and will if possible let you check in early and check out late at no additional cost. Location is good too, in the middle of Bur Dubai with walking distance to Bastakiya, Dubai Creek, Burjuman and lots of computers/electronics stores. My only real complaint is about the breakfast, it was not as varied and high quality as one could expect and certainly not up to Sheraton/Radisson/Hilton/whatever standards. I also have to agree with those who wrote about noise from the night club and people running up and down the hallways late at night. Didn´t disturb me that much, but it´s not a place for those who want peace and quiet above all.	
Sep 13 2007	Great value	I emailed the hotel prior to arriving asking for an early check in and a late check out. Very quick reply with a you can check in early if rooms are ready and we could have a check out of 2pm instead of the usual 11am - great!Rooms very clean has everything we needed. Staff very helpful - there is a tour an in reception who offered discounts on tours.We missed breakfast every morning due to staying out so late and not getting up in time hahaPool was small but clean and very cool which is needed after a day in the sun. Sun only there in the morning but again it was so hot it didn't matter. There is a gym but we did not use it.The nightclub is noisy but we were on the 5th floor so did not hear it from there. Goddfellas seemed busy as well.Location wise it is about 15mins from the Burjaman. Taxis can be hailed from outside. The porters were saying that it is easier to hail then order a taxi.Spinneys is just up the road so get all your snacks and water from there. We got some alcohol as we landed in Doha first very cheap there. 1 litre raspberry vodka about £5Overall very good value for money. Next time we will go to the beach hotels and splurge abit more as they looked lovely with the beach on your doorstep.Everywhere in Dubai is pread out so you can never be in the perfect location.	
Apr 28 2007 	Only If...	I booked this this hotel through the internet, everything was fine until I checked in around 10:00 p.m..Service was good, staff were courtious, but the noise from the night club until 3:00 a.m. was unbearable.It sounded like it was a club with rooms rather than a hotel with a club. my room was on the fourth floor and the beat was resonating through out the hotel, ye ye yeah.	
Apr 3 2007 	Pleasent Stay In Dubai	Stayed in regal plaza hotel for 1 week! and was pleasently surprised and impressed with the hotel. The room was very nice, spacious and had a king size bed. the bathroom like previous comments say had ample room - staff were really friendlyhad bed and breakfast with my stay, only ate the breakfast twice during my stay, as I was too tiered to get up. Breakfast finsished at 10:30am. And I wasnt returning to my hotel till about 2/3am lol!breakfast was hot (beans, toast, bacon, chicken sausages, hash brown etc) and cold (cereal, fruit and juice , danish pastries etc) eat as much as you like. Dubai is such a fantastic, safe, friendly place I loved it and would be returning. This hotel is good, if you would like to stay somewhere central, as there are restaurants just round the corner, inc the commercial fast food places like (kfc, mcdonalds, pizza express etc). Also the Burjuman shopping centre is 10/15mins walk away, and is a fantastic huge mall, with all designer shops. Only negative is the club music can b loud, however I stayed on the 4th floor and was ok. Also alot of prostitutes hang about 2/3am outside the hotel - Overall I would recommend this hotel, if you would like a comfortable place to stay/sleep, and would like to spend most time outside exploring dubia. Service is good, and price is good.p.s. hotel has a gym, which I used altho it is small, but does the job. Ive seen smaller, so its not bad. has about 7 machines and 3 treadmills. and free weights.	
Mar 7 2007	staff could not have been more helpful!!	Having thrawled through reviews of a huge number of Dubai hotels we decided we'd risk the regal plaza and can I say I'm delighted we did. Our flight was due in at 5.30am and having emailed our agent regarding an early check in we were told we'd have to book the previous night to secure this. we decided to not do this and see what happened. Our flight was early so we arrived in the hotel at 5.30. On arrival the staff explained their computer system would not turn over to the followiing day till 7am so we had to wait till then before they could even access our booking. Then we were shown to seats and given some cold mineral water, at 7am sharp we were checked in and immediately shown to our room.The room was lovely, the bed was the biggest and most comfortable ive stayed in. The bathroom (usually the deciding factor for me when it comes to a room) was lovely, a good size, clean, modern and with a good supply of towels. we were on the 6th floor and could only barely hear the clubs below but i suspect the 2nd floor would ne a totally different story!!The staff were lovley throughout. One evening we had booked a meal in the Creek and could not get a taxi as traffic is so bad normally and we were leaving at 6pm and no taxi man would take us. we retreated back to the hotel, I was quite anxious as this was a bday meal for my partner. The bell boy ( im not sure if thats the correct term) immediately stepped in and stopped a taxi, when the taxi man refused he threatened to report him and we were on our way.The clubs in the hotel are really for locals and not westerns. you are welcome to go there but we did feel slightly uncomfortable as outsiders.The pool is surrounded by buildings and we did not venture into it, it looked clean, but is shaded for most the day.For the price we paid - 4500 AED for 9 nights BnB i expected basic accomadtion but i was so pleasently suprised and would highly recommend it.	
Oct 30 2006 	Good considering price	I stayed here for three nights at the end of Sept and got a great rate of about £50/night through Expedia. Prior to my arrival I faxed the hotel asking for a quiet room as had read reviews of people staying in rooms above the noisey nightclub. My fax seemed to do the trick and I have a lovely quiet room on the third floor. There was no view to speak of however this was not a problem and nor was I expecting one given that the central Dubai consists of nothing but buildings.My bed was huge as was the bathroom. The room was excellently cleaned daily and the cleaner was more than willing to provide extra towels etc.The pool is pretty small though clean and quiet. It doesn't get much sun and is overlooked by buildings but given the heat it was quite nice to be in the shade. The 'jacuzzi' however looked at bit on the dirty side as did the poolside showers. Couple of warning points:In the evening the club area is frequented by 'working' girls, nothing to cause any problems but not really a place to hang out.On check out, I was asked to pay my bill, despite it being pre-paid through Expedia. The person on reception accepted this without much hassle.Overall, excellent value for money in the inner city.	
Jul 4 2006	Nice hotel - shame about the staff	We had prepaid accommodation in two triple rooms/one twin including return airport transfers. Airport transfer on arrival was fine but when we came to leave the Front Desk staff tried to charge us. After much battling, they finally backed down albeit reluctantly. Ended up with three twin rooms which meant the two extra children had to share a bed with the adults. Not too ugly as they were small kids and the beds were king size but we had booked triples...English Pub in the hotel does excellent meals which are enormous and great value. Remember if in Dubai on a Friday nothing opens before 1600hours - which we did not know. Easy to get around and good location. Pool was small but sufficient but very hot - not particularly refreshing but the kids didn't mind. Small but sufficient gym. Front Desk Staff need a lesson in manners. Breakfast was excellent.	
Nov 20 2005	i loved dubai	i have just returned from dubai visiting friends what a fantastic place to visit. the regal plaza hotel was comfortable, clean, and the staff were very helpful, the pool area was nothing special as it was small and crammed in the corner of the building.the regal plaza was value for money though and very central, the taxis are very cheap, beaches are nice. the boardwalk is a very nice place to eat.i will definetly be returning to dubai.	
Apr 4 2005	A very pleasant stay.	The Regal Plaza isn't what I'd call a budget hotel but it's not maddly expensive either. Our room was clean, comforable and very well serviced. The bathroom was a good size with better than adequate lighting and the sower was great (also had a bath). Our room had a view of the swimming pool which is small but well maintained. There is a jaccuzzi and sun beds. The pool area is over looked on all sides and only gets morning sun but as it seems seldom used it felt like our private pool. The Goodfellas bar on the ground floor is set up like a sport pub. It serves food and alcohol. The steaks are good and you get a free half bottle of wine thrown in.Breakfast offers a range of tastes and caters for various cultures. It is not the hotels finest attribute in my opinion and as space is limited it does become alittle chaotic at busy times.The hotel is in a central position with lots of shops and resteruants around. The creek is about a 10 minute walk away but the beach is a good taxi ride away. (Cost about £3 one way).I would be happy to stay at the Regal Plaza agian.	
Apr 25 2009 	TROP DE BRUIT		
