May 6 2009 	Decent Average Place in nice location	This is a old hotel (has been around since 1950's) and the room / furnishings are average - becoming a bit old now and require changing.Internet didn't work and had to come to one of their office rooms for the same - couldnt access it even there.	
May 2 2009 	Value for Money	Great value for money. The rooms arevery clean if unpretentious.The restaurant has a limited menu but the vareity is good enough and the helpings are generous.Good ,attentive service.	
Jan 3 2008	Average place - great location	I stayed here twice in 2005; room was booked by a company I was doing business with in DXB.First of all, the hotel is in a great location in the middle of Bur Dubai. Lots of shopping nearby, many restaurants, relatively close to the Creek, easy to get taxis. Within walking distance to a lot. Not sure of how easy it is to get to now (due to construction, etc). But not bad in 05.The hotel is one of the older places in Dubai, and looks it. Kind of like a 1970s Holiday Inn that has not been updated. Reception was efficient, if a bit indifferent. The porter was good. I had a one BR once and a one BR suite once. Both were clean, if a bit worn. About what you'd expect from an older 3*. No problems with housekeeping; clean sheets and linens. The one BR had a bed, OK mattress, dresser, desk and nightstand. The suite had a BR (just about the same as the one BR) and a good sized living room with sofas, chairs, table, etc. Nice size for the price, actually. Furnishings were OK, on a par with other 2/3 * places. Not up to the standards of upper level places, but a lot cheaper too.The hotel has an interesting mix of customers; lots of businessmen and a few tourists. Lots of business (cargo transfer, meetings, etc) going on in the lobby during the day.The hotel restaurant was OK; nothing spectacular, but not bad either. The pub - which claims to be one of the first in Dubai - was pretty good. There were a couple of &quot;working girls&quot; in the pub, but they were low-key and did not bother patrons who did not want their services. A note: the hotel has a 'sister' property - the Astoria - a couple of blocks away. While the place has a couple of OK restaurants, it is frequented by a fair number of prostitutes, seemingly at all hours. May not the place to take your wife/girl/family.I did not use the pool or other facilities, so I can't comment on how good/not good they are.Overall, an average place for the price, especially if you're in Dubai for business or are on a budget. Nice location, OK rooms, fair service.	
