Nov 21 2009 	In Short You Name it and you get it there.....Feel you are in Heaven	Most Important of All.....You find it like youtr Second Home. From the Day i visited York International i never thought of visiting any other Hotel for Fun and Joy. Indian and Pakistani Staff knewed how to deal with Customers and you had a Good varieties of Food and Drinks......It was my first foreign trip. The hotel is excellently located in Bur Budai on the main road maintained, clean Rooms and Toilets, Polite staff. The Night Club was mindblowing and Specially you can Experience a Visit to Dilkash and Sur Taal a Indian Club.....Listen to Chill Out Indian Songs with Fun....At the End dont know how will it matter to Other's But You drink you feel to have some Extra Fun You Know what i mean to say Which all ages of men will like to have.......Take Away G_R_S from all different Countries....oooohlalalala	
Jul 25 2009	Sleazy Pick Up Joint	I stayed here for one night on a visit to Dubai and wont stay again. The only good thing about this place is the location which means you can leave it quickly and find somewhere else that isnt full of prostitutes, when you do come back to the hotel in the evening and you manage to make it to the lift without being accosted then dont bother trying to get any sleep as the noise from the nightclub is horrendous..not recommended.	
Jul 6 2009 	An absolute disgrace..	What a vile hotel. Old and tired. The place is HEAVING with prostitutes. It's an utter hole that should be shut down. I went to the nightclub and there were HUNDREDS of them there, with their pimps lurking in the corners. Vile, seedy , dirty and very uncomfortable.	
Apr 23 2009	Good Place Excellent Location	It was my first foreign trip. The hotel is excellently located in Bur Budai on the main road. Old Infrastructure but maintained, clean Rooms and Toilets, Polite and courtcious staff. Buffet breakfat was average. The Night Club was mindblowing. Overall experience - GOOD	
Jan 30 2009 	Looks good nice clean rooms good stay	We arrived at this hotel as the sister hotel Palm Beach Hotel was full. It looks impressive from the outside and once we got into the room is was even better; the layout and design made it look wonderful, it was like a 4 star hotel. It’s located on a busy main road and you can’t hear the traffic noise from the hotel room. They also have a very small pool and gym on the top floor; you couldn’t swim in the pool due to the size but a nice to dip in to cool down. The breakfast is Asian orientated and luckily this was part of stay as bed &amp; breakfast. There are around 2-3 English channels on the TV. There were some road works at the front of the hotel that’s making way for the new Metro system and our room was at the back of the hotel so we didn’t get any noise from it.  The only problem that we encountered about this hotel was the club on the ground floor. Our room was on the 6th floor but we could still hear a bit of the noise.   Additional Info• Taxi from Terminal 3 to Palm Beach Hotel was 50 dirham’s. A taxi arranged by the hotel from the hotel to the airport cost 50 dirhams. I’m sure this would have been cheaper if I pulled a taxi outside the hotel myself.• 10-15min walk from the hotel to Bur Dubai Souk• Car hire from the front desk cost 150 dirham’s but if you shop around then you can find it for 120 dirham’s. The hotel offers free overnight parking which is ideal in Dubai as it’s hard to find off street parking and car park charge 30 dirham’s. Please note that Dubai also has toll zones that are similar to the London congestion charges and they are called Salik, every time you pass by it costs 5 dirham’s. You will need to pay this on top of the car rental cost.• Safari from the font desk is advertised as 200 dirham’s but they provided this to us for 175 dirham’s per person. A safari ride in the desert consists of wild desert ride (not for the faint hearted), free drinks (soft drinks and beer), belly dancing, camel riding and henna tattoo. • The normal checkout time is 12pm but I managed to negotiate a 2pm checkout with the reception staff as we had a late night flight. They do have a luggage room so we used that facility without any issues after 2pm.	
Jan 27 2009 	Very rude reception staff	The staff at reception is very rude, have no common sense, have no common courtesy, its full of prostitutes, rooms are fairly nice though if you get one at the top floors so you don't hear the indoor disco.	
Nov 10 2008	Not bad hotel Good Value	I only stayed in Dubai as a transit stop from Europe. I was pleasently surprised with the York. A big hotel, the location is quite good. Staff greeted me friendly and were very helpful. The room was spacious and clean. Food was very reasonable. I did not use the pool. I note comments regarding prostitutes in the lobby- I wasnt aware of anything activity like this going on. the hotel does have a bar/nightclub but that certainly didnt make the stay any less enjoyable. I was very happy with the price of the York. This is certainly a very reasonable choice of hotel.	
Aug 3 2008 	Great Value for Money	Friendly staff, clean and well furnished rooms. Big night club with live performance of a rock group but it is suitable for single male guests and not suitable for teen agers and couples. Breakfast buffet is not bad. Swimming pool at roof level is small but is in working condition. Great location with walking distances to so many destinations. Location is good to find a taxi. If you have a tight budget but looking for nice stay, York is the one.	
Jun 9 2008 	A weird hotel with potential.	This review is quite late, mostly because i haven't used tripadvisor so much until recently.York is both good and bad, bad because of the prostitutes hanging out in the lobby, the non-working pool area and also because some of the rooms on our stay got a visit during a late night fire alarm, which resulted in lost cash among others for several guests who left their rooms.The good things is the location near shoppingmalls, restaurants, deira ferry and so on. We also liked both our room, the breakfast, the cheap roomservice aswell as the staff.If the very obvious prostitution was non-existing York, would be a rather nice place.	
Apr 4 2008 	Don't Stay At The York If You Can Help It	Just back in the UK after a short holiday in Dubai, staying at The York International Hotel in Bur Dubai.If you have a say in where you can stay in Dubai, please avoid this hotel, it'll spoil your stay in a dramatic city.This was our fifth and probably last visit to Dubai but our first time staying at the York. We booked it at the last minute as there was precious else available in our preferred area of Bur Dubai. Whilst the location is excellent and very central, the new metro works mean you won't enjoy a good night's sleep until about 2pm when the beat from the nightclub stops. Rooms were ok if very compact but don't expect a huge choice of English language TV channels, just the 3 including BBC World. Biggest disappointment was the swimming pool being shut for 'annual maintenance' although it looked like it had been shut for months. The 'Health Club' is a collection of 5 machines in varying states of condition. The breakfast buffet varied but only ever offered one kind of fruit juice in all 3 dispensers. Complimentary airport transportation actually costed us 50 Dhs, 15 more than a taxi would. We booked this for 10pm but were contacted at 9pm to say it was going in 5 mins, despite us just being out of the shower. Total lack of cuctomer focused staff throughout stay and lack of basic amenities and services force me to give the York a 'Terrible' rating.	
Mar 24 2008 	Never Again!!	The staff were very rude, have no common sense, have no common courtesy, its full of prostitutes, the pool was under yearly maintenance which i didn't find out until i got there, room service was very slow...had to wait over an hour for 2 cups of tea!!All in all, I will be going to Dubai again but never to again to York!!	
Mar 12 2008	the drinks at the club	I went to the club that everyone is so scred of. I had a great time dancing and drinking. I had the best flaming lambergini. If you want to experance minty refreshing drink. Try This!!!! I had 6 and my friends shared 4 between us. I recommend going just for the drinks. and the prostitutes are not so bad once you talk with them you realize they just trying to make a living just like you and I!	
Mar 3 2007 	Not For Everyone 	I went to dubai on business, I stayed 2 nights in this hotel, and it was more then enough. The hotel lobby, bars and night club are packed with prostitutes, they even call you when you are passing by. but one good thing they are not allowed beyond the lobby or in the rooms.The rooms are small but clean (the carpet had a weird smell.)The noise is a problem in this hotel, even on the higher floors (6th or 7th) you could always hear the bass from the night club music,(not easy to sleep ).the breakfast is the worst I ever had in a hotel.Pool really small.Staff freindly.I personally would not recommend this hotel for couples or families with children.	
May 17 2006	Lots of "ladies of the night" but fun!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the York twice this year. BEWARE: There are tons of prostitutes at the York. There is a pub on the ground floor that is casual and nice for a beer and the prostitutes aren't as bad in there. The club on the second floor is always packed full of people....By people I mean lots of middle aged men (both local and foreign) and lots of prostitutes. My boyfriend and I were both in absolute shock the first time we walked into the club. The women approached and grabbed at my boyfriend, even when I was holding his hand! It was also quite interesting (and funny!) and we ended up going back every night. I DO NOT recommend this to anyone who is traveling with a family, for business, or who can't take a joke. I DO recommend this to any single man who would enjoy this atmosphere or for a groups of friends or couples who think it's funny, like we did! The rooms are nice, the service friendly and the room service decent. It's also in a central location on a busy street, which made it easy to get to beaches, malls and the airport. The bellboys gave excellent service with our bags and helping with taxis.	
May 15 2006	good but be wary	I stayed at the hotel for a week for my honeymoon in dubai. The location is very good. the air conditioning of the hotel is very soothing but at times the lobbys can actually get too cold!The main thing to remember is this hotel and others have nightclubs in the basement. Therefore even if you want you will not sleep until 3am or so. You may think on holiday you dont sleep anyway but remember if during the day you have been to the safari or have been ski-ing then you will want to sleep! This is the main reason i will not use this hotel again. Also the nightclubs are a little different that UK as they do attract 'street women'. im sure you know what i mean. This is not the fault of the hotel but just a plain fact.The staff were ok but when they get busy the reception staff do not really give you the time of day. Also there was no extra effort at all from them when they found out it was our honeymoon and first ever trip to dubai. Other hotels do a little, even something like a free meal or something small to make you feel good!We also were forced to pay for an extra night that we did not stay. This confusion came about as one of the staff said we could keep our luggage in the room however did not confirm this with the manager, we ended paying for it due to the language barrier. Remember most of them speak very minimal english.For a bunch of lads this is fine, for a couple or family i personally would not recommend, even though it is clean and in a very good location.	
Feb 20 2006 	Business travel	I have stayed at York for over 10 times and have made myself a permanent place whenever I am in Dubai,Neat rooms , excellent room service, centrally located , shops and bazaars are walking distance, good breakfast, need to confirm reservation twice as had wrong commitments from the reservation staff.Qaiser Ali Sheriff	
Nov 13 2005	York International Dubai	York International is a good 3star hotel in Bur Dubai. Rooms are clean and not too small. We didn't really feel comfortable with the air condition in the room we first got, but it was no problem to change the room. The staff is really friendly and helpful.The location is really good, as it is just a 10 minutes walks to Bur Dubai Souk which is the place where the water taxis go to Deira.They have a pool on the top which is really small. But it's ok to sit there for a drink.They arrange tours through the city and outside. We booked a 4hrs city tour which was not that good. It was actually a taxi driver who brought us to the main attractions, but he wasn't really able to explain much, as his English was very poor.	
Nov 13 2009 	EXcellent positionement geographique mais tres vivant dans le hall		
Mar 10 2009 	je n y retournerai pas		
Nov 28 2007 	era guarrisimo y encima tenia un puticlub dentro lo peor que me encontre		
