Nov 17 2009 	Great Value	great value of money, very clean hotel, nice furniture staff were friendly and tried to help us with taxis (hard to get free ones) but when i was there there was a construction work i think it was a new bridge or somethingbut over all its a very highly recomended hotel	
Nov 8 2009 	Good place to stopover in Dubai	Located between the Airport and the City Center Traders is a good place if you are overnighting in Dubai. The rooms are large and comfortable with all the little extras that you would expect you find in a 5* hotel - Buffet food is excellent and service is friendly. The new metro station will be 5 minutes away when it opens in 2010.	
Oct 9 2009 	Very nice and lovely stay	We Been in many hotels in Dubai, Traders really something special we enjoyed our stay, We were staying on Club Executive package and found the service in the lounge to be as good as ever. Thanks to all staff there for their usual top class service. so stuff making all effort to keep their customers happy. We like it so much and sure we will come back, all the best to the management team and the staff there.	
Sep 21 2009 	Just about right!	First time staying at Trader's after many co-workers recommended it. The staff was very, very friendly and helpful. The room was cozy, clean and just about the right size for a 2-3 night stay. Free internet in room (a plus for Dubai) and two bottles of water. Breakfast buffet ($25) was nice and is a meal for the day with beef, chicken and other fuller meals included during breakfast.Overall, a nice place to stay. I paid $107 per night, from Agoda. For Dubai (a expensive city to visit)...it was, just about right.	
Jul 24 2009 	Excellente!	The hotel was better then i expected!! The room was taken care of quite well! The food was good, needed a bit more variety though!! The Staff was also very helpful. Enjoyed the pool and hottub as well on the top floor. The Bar was also very nice. Though we got there when there was some sort of party in the ballroom so it was quite packed, but overall, stayed there for 5 nights if i remember correctly and it was awesome!. PS: Location was damn good as well, 15 mins from the airport, 10-15 mins from the locations!	
Jun 19 2009 	Very enjoyable stay	Stayed at the Traders for a few nights on our way to Mauritius. Was a very comfortable and friendly hotel. The food and drik were good and very reasonably priced. Would definately stay again if I needed to be near the city (shops,creek etc).	
May 16 2009 	very comfortable and best hotel breakfast	For Dubai, I found the traders reasonably priced. This hotel is frequented by regular business men and pilots. I suppose that they wouldn't be coming back if it wasn't comfortable. This is a great hotel if you are planning to use it for a sleep and for breakfast. The breakfast is really quality. The only complaint i had was the smelly and stained carpet outside the bathroom due to seepage of water.	
Apr 29 2009 	I think I will use another hotel for my vacation to Dubai	I stayed at Traders Hotel in Dubai in the end of April 2009. I booked the room online on the the Traders hotel website and it was 540 AED (about 150 USD). The transport to the hotel in taxi didn't cost much and it only took about 10 minutes. We came there after midnight and were quite tired…luckily the check in was fast and I got room 351. I was actually so tired that I was not about to open my suitcase so I really appreciated that there was a toothbrush/tooth paste kit in the bathroom.The room it was with beige carpet and it was dominated by the big bed (which was pretty comfy as far as I can remember). The walls were in light colors and there was a dark wood furniture that contained a place for the suitcase, a wardrobe and also space for water boiler, water etc. In front of the bed there was a desk, a chair, a mini bar inside and a small CRT TV. The internet is now included for free in all Traders and Shangri-La hotels and at the hotel the access was via cable – excellent in my opinion.The bathroom was small but pretty smart laid out. There was a shower corner with a glass door, a small sink area, some of the same amenities that I am used to from Traders in KL (but why place them on a shelf over the toilet?) and as it was tiled it was actually pretty nice.The breakfast was not included in the room rate (my mistake) and I had to pay another 75 AED if I’m not mistaken. I always find this a bit annoying as I don’t really eat that much for breakfast. But the breakfast seemed to include all the things that you would expect from a hotel breakfast.Now over to some of the things that are not that positive. When I opened the curtain in the morning I was looking straight out on a construction site – and it was really just outside the window. When we checked in a pilot came back to the desk and asked for another room as he didn’t want a room facing this construction site so I can only assume that there is some noise from this site during the day. Talking about pilots and airport personnel: this hotel is so close to the airport and it seems to be used as a airport hotel both for people in transit and airline personnel. Not that that is bad but airport hotels normally has a different atmosphere than regular hotels. And as it is close to the airport you also get close encounters with planes taking off or landing which can be cool. If you are using Traders for vacation you should also note that the pool is tiny and it is indoor.The hotel is located between the airport and the ocean on the Deira side of Dubai. It seems like the centre of Dubai has stretched out from Dubai creek towards Burj Dubai area and Jumeirah so the hotel location might not be the best.ConclusionI only stayed at Traders in Dubai for a night and I was planning on using it for vacation in May but I’m now having second thoughts. First of all the second thoughts are connected to the construction site outside the hotel, the location of the hotel and the tiny and indoor pool. The room itself was not bad but the hotel did have an airport hotel atmosphere. So for my vacation in May I will probably choose to stay at a different hotel.	
Apr 9 2009 	So-So	Location in Deira (nothing exciting there) pretty expensive and not great to get to other parts of town (especially Jumeirah) and getting cabs were a hassle in the evening... rooms are not bad for the price though	
Mar 23 2009 	Free internet.	I have always stayed at Traders Hotel as it probably has the best and most friendly staff.My only complaint in the past was the cost of the internet. In December I complained about this and guess what? It’s now free to all guests. The manager told me that all Traders Hotels and all Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts offer free internet to all guests from the beginning of this year. He told me this decision was made due to feedback from guests like me!	
Mar 11 2009 	Good Value and quality hotel	Good value, if you directly to the traders website thaey have food and drink packages, good staff, nice small bar, food is O.K.Rooms are fairly small but well appointed.Bad pointsVery busy traffic wise, getting a taxi is a problem	
Feb 18 2009 	Usual Efficient Standard	In the UAE for a regular business trip. The problem is with Dubai generally is everything is spread uot all over the place. there is no CBD of any note.This being the case, as a business traveller I like to be near-ish to the airport and this one is only 10 minutes away. Set on a busy intersection and, directly in front, the new train system is being constructed which will be a great help from the end on 2009.The other downside of Dubai is the cost of accomodation. I mostly stay at Shangri-La properties but for a business trip the one located here is way over the top in price. Traders is the cheaper, business focussed, chain run by the same group.This being the case the staff are very well trained and go out of their way to help you whenever they can. Nothing is a problem. Rooms are perfectly fine, looking out onto nothing in particular. A weird shower arrangement where you stand, seemingly, on the floor next to the bath and soak up behind a fixed glass screen It works OK though.Being a business hotel it does not have fine dining restaurants, lovely outdoor pool areas (there is a small indoor one but its not very inviting), etc. but we're there for work, right? I qualify for club entry and that helps you spread out after a days work before you head off for dinner.One major annoyance, there is no metered taxi rank outside available when you need it. The staff do the best they can by standing on the corner waving at passing vehicles trying to get one to stop. Occasionally they're successful but more often not. That leaves you with the option of a contracted limo company. No meter, high negotiated hourly or destination fare. The big tip is, if your working between different locations in the Emirates, is get a metered cab (somehow) and ask him to sit and wait at every location. You will pay half the price and he'll be there every morning to pick you up at a specified time. ALSO, the hotel will pey him cash on return every day and put it on the bill. The only way to go.All in all, very efficient, great helpful staff, good rooms. Will definitely choose it next time I'm there working. probably not if I bring my wife.	
Nov 28 2008 	Another great stay	Second stay in the Traders,just as good as the first time. Staff can't do enough for you, any time day or night. Checked in Sat morning,upgraded to Traders club 6th floor,very nice indeed. Room was large and clean,and very pleasent. Breakfast was excellent,plenty of choice,and all very tasty.  Metro being built outside,but no noise at all. Should be interesting when it's finished, might improve the traffic, and the taxi problems. All in all a very nice hotel,in a very nice area. Worth the price and more!!	
Nov 28 2008 	Don't go in a wheelchair	Beautiful hotel, helpful staff, good food, beautiful bedroom. BUT the room was supposed to be wheelchair accessible and I couldn't wheel through the bathroom door! Staff removed door - still not wide enough; showed us a suite - access was worse; brought the hotel's own wheelchair - even that wouldn't go through! Finally removed the wheel rims of their wheelchair and it just scraped through. I transferred into it, went into the bathroom to find that it had not been adapted in any way. The toilet was at an angle in a corner and there were no bars on the wall. The shower and bath were behind a glass screen and the opening was about 40cms.Thank Goodness it was just a one night stopover on our way to Australia.	
Oct 28 2008 	In Dubai	Traders Hotel DubaiWe found this hotel to be very comfortable, with all the facilities one could ask for. The room was quite big, with an enormous bed, wardrobe, safe, desk and chair, TV, coffee/tea, broadband internet access (cable provided) to laptop (at a cost) and a reasonably-sized bathroom. It was all quite new, but most things are in Dubai.Breakfast was good, with plenty of choice (hot &amp; cold). I used the gym (adequate); others in my group tried out the lap pool and spa.The location may not have been ideal (it didn’t seem close to anything), but the hotel arranged taxis or larger vehicles as necessary, and it wasn’t that much of a bother.I’d highly recommend the dinner in the desert as an outing. Pick up and drop off at our hotel; 4WDs through the dunes, camels and Bedouins, henna tattoos, hookah pipes, belly dancing, and heaps of great food (alcohol for sale too).	
Sep 6 2008 	loved it !!!!	Arrived early hours after flight from thailand found the staff very pleasent and helpfull, found room very clean and tidy also a nice size.Found breakfast to be very good lots of choice and the chef ready to cook you eggs just the way you want them !Had dinner twice in the hotel and both times we really enjoyed it highly recommended.The staff all over the hotel were very helpful and pleasent and a smile was never to much trouble NICE !The position of the hotel was also a good one being close to all amenities beach,shops,souks and airport would recommend this hotel to all and will return, only one downside we booked a room with a double bed but had to do with a twin room none left apparently, didnt let that spoil it though.	
Aug 30 2008 	Fantastic Stay at Traders	Recently went to Dubai for a course with some friends. We each wanted separate rooms (go figure) and weren't looking for anything snazzy, just somewhere decent, clean and not too far away.I used trip-advisor to help pick the place, and am forever grateful to this great site! The place was excellent. I mean it's not the classiest place to stay in Dubai by all means, but if you're looking to stay somewhere for a few nights and don't want to go overboard with your budget you can't go wrong with Traders.Check-in was a breeze. Rooms were clean. Beds were comfy. Bathrooms had speakers! Gym was ok. Service was always top-notch.However, I would like to point out the following: Tv's were ancient! Internet wasn't free, plus it was insanely slow! While it's close to the airport, it's pretty far from all the main attractions.But the main reason I went was for a course, and Traders catered to my every needs. Therefore, I have no issues with the place and would definitely consider going again if all I wanted was an average-priced business hotel. Highly recommended.	
Aug 18 2008 	Favorite Place to Stay in Dubai	I have stayed at Traders many times and each visit has been a good experience. The staff is unbeatable, the rooms are very nice, the location is convenient.	
Jul 29 2008	Great!	Stayed here for 2 nights + could not fault the hotel. Staff great + very friendly. Only 5 minutes from the airport so very handy. The hotel had an indoor pool + gym - no outdoor pool but the hotel does run a courtesy bus to Al Mamzar beach. The hotel was spotless + very comfortable. Sometimes at night I found it a little noisy with people slamming their doors - this was no fault of the hotel, just the selfish guests!!! Would recommend this hotel.	
Jul 28 2008 	Very comfortable	We stayed at the Traders for three nights en route back to Australia. We arrived very late on the first night but were greeted by friendly and helpful staff.The Traders was the most expensive hotel we stayed at on our trip and it showed in the quality of the room and its equipment and services.Very helpful reception and guest relations staff; quite central to 'old' Dubai; adequate sized and very comfortable room with a superb spacious bathroom; excellent in-room facilities and services and the option of joining the Traders Club for an extra cost which we did.It is well worth joining the Traders Club if you are there for more than a night or two as it includes the full breakfast plus daytime snacks and soft drinks, business centre access and the sundowners.	
Jul 4 2008	Great hotelnot a fantastic location.	Upon arrival,check in was fast,and seamless.We were given the option to upgrade to Executive floor for approx an additional USD$34 a night.This included free wireless in the rooms,cocktail hour(only good if you don't get stuck in a mall with a one hour queue for a taxi!!),the option to have breakfast and cocktails in the business lounge.The hotel provide a taxi at a cost,and our driver was fantastic...he even played JT on request.The location however wasn't that fantasic,in regards to shopping close by.There is a &quot;mall&quot; across the road,but mainly with local style shops.It is however very handy to the airport,so if you have a quick stopover this is perfect.	
Jun 21 2008	10 out of 10 for Traders	We have just arrived back in Australia after a 6 week Europe trip.I would have to put Traders at the top of my list for accommodation. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff they were all polite and couldn't do enough for us. Food was great!Accommodation was first class! and reasonably priced and the rooms were spotless! WELL DONE ! I have no problems recommending the Traders to anyone you won't be dissapointedIt made our short stay in Dubai very memorable. We'll be back.	
May 25 2008	Outstanding	We were a travelling party of 26 (5 families with children on a cricket trip to Dubai and Malta) and we needed a hotel in Dubai for 4 nights that wasn't too expensive but of good quality. Having read the TripAdvisor reviews, we decided on the Traders. It exceeded our expections.Right from check-in to check out, our stay at the Traders was outstanding. The service was amazing. On our day of departure, the staff opened the restaurant at 5.00am for a lite breakfast before we flew out. And talking of breakfast, our party all agreed their breakfast buffet was amongst the best any of us had had anywhere in the world.If you are looking for a good hotel, at a good price with outstanding service, and rooms that will sleep more than 3-4 people, Traders is the right hotel. And don't be put off by people saying it is not in a good location. Malls and supermarkets are very close by, and being relatively close to the airport is a comfort in a city that can experience terrible traffic congestion!!	
Apr 29 2008 	Nice place overall....	Trader's Hotel Dubai is a good buy for Dubai. The rooms are beautiful, well kept and the staff is overall pretty friendly. For another $20 or so dollars, you can upgrade to the business executive floor. This is well worth it as it includes a buffet breakfast, free coffe and tea at anytime, access to the health club and many other perks. These are some of the pluses.The negatives are: the inability of the staff to get a taxi whenever you want. Taxis are QUITE difficult to come by in Dubai so it is not entirely their fault. However, it seems for a four to five star hotel, they should have a taxi ready for you whenever you want. Also, at times, the staff is a bit hard to understand. Another downside is the location which is far away from the action. Overall, I think anyone staying at Traders will be satisfied with their stay.	
Apr 15 2008 	Excellent place to stay	Fantastic hotel! White-glove inspection clean, close to the airport, great service, excellent price, and absolutely superb breakfast buffet.	
Apr 14 2008	Amazing ! Top Notch Customer Service !!!!	Well. It came and it passed. But what will remain will be memories etched in everyones minds. My special day was made even more special by the tremendous hospitality and individuality of the staff of Traders Hotel.Beautiful, Amazing, wonderful, great food, beautiful ambience, lovely setting !!! ..... these were few of the words which were expressed by many of my guests that had come on the 05th of April at the Al-Samail Hall at Traders Hotel. Let me, my wife and my family take this oppurtunity to thank each and everyone of the amazing staff who made it a day to remember. Right from the first meeting with the Event Management team, till the time I checked-out from the Hotel, the experience was outstanding. I know it was a total team effort, but I would like to single out one particular individual whose positivity always stood out and even during my bouts of hyper tension and anxiety, she managed to calm me with her soothing personality. Prabha Manickam was true professional and one of the real gems in the professional outfit. Everyone in my family wishes her the very best of luck and appreciated her professionalism from day one.  There was one small hiccup during the wedding day but it was passable and was overlooked by the 'better' things that happened on that day. Sam, the night shift Manager and the Head Cook ensured that the evening passed out without further more issues. My regards and wishes to them also. All in all, it was splendid. I can vouch for Traders Hotels service and hospitality any time, any where.	
Mar 19 2008 	Awesome place to relax after a 17 hour flight	I have to say this place is wonderfully placed to go places in Dubai. We were greeted by the Staff as we entered the doors and very polite staff telling us where our rooms would be. The hotel has an indoor pool and massage area which was great after a long flight. Free Shuttle bus to and from the city. Staff very friendly encouraging us to look around Dubai in the 30 hours we had there. Buffet food was superb and great to see a huge variety of cultural foods and juices.I indeed look forward to staying there again. Since Dubai is an ever-growing city by the day, this would be the best place to stay and check out the changes and people around. Cheap Taxi fares who are willing to take you from A to B and they are friendly.	
Mar 17 2008 	nice and easy	Its a nice pleasant hotel. Not over the top but in a decent but not great location. was sad that i asked for a king size bed but when i got there they only had a twin room so had to put both beds together. But for the price you cant go wrong and taxis are readily available.	
Mar 10 2008 	A bit of balance	Just wanted to balance out all the excellent reviews - this hotel is good but really nothing special. Stayed last weekend for one night for the tennis.ProsNice roomsBreakfast goodService GoodValet parkingConsAwful location, traffic always bad there - was stuck in a jam at 2300 !Smallest bath in the worldNot really any better than the low cost chains - Novotel / Ibis that are far better locatedIn summary - be careful in picking this one based on the reviews here and be clear about what area of Dubai you want to be in - if I were coming on holiday for instance then I'd want to be up the other end on Jumeirah beach or in the Marina area and put up with the building work. If I wanted low cost and nice then I'd go for one of those mentioned that I've stayed at for the 7's / work a few times. If I wanted central location then it'd be Sheikh Zayed road every time.I've stayed at great hotels and honestly this isn't one of them and at typically 1000dhs ++ it aint that cheap.	
Jan 31 2008 	A Gem at a third of the cost.	A short review here: I read the other reviews of Traders on Trip Advisor and have to say that they were exactly right. This hotel within the context of skyrocketing prices in Dubai is incredibly good value - literally five star standards with three star prices - its a misnomeaur which I think they will correct one of these days, so get there! Great room service menu also, multi-national and very very tasty. Super clean rooms and bathrooms. All out great stay, well done.Location in the Deira area so you're 25-30 mins from the Jumeirah beach area, but if you're in town for business in the area, its a top choice.	
Jan 4 2008 	best value in dubai..without doubt	friendly welcome,efficient and helpfull staff,very nice clean room with huge comfortable bed,spotless and very big bathroom and shower,great breakfast,good location,never a problem getting a taxi,and lovely bar for nitecap..would recommend to everybody.	
Dec 15 2007	Trader's Hotel - A Class of It's Own	I have stayed at Trader's Hotel Dubai several times and it has never failed to impress me. The service-outstanding, the rooms-contemporary yet cosey, the lounge- simple yet impressive, the breakfast- whatever comes to your mind in it's fine broad selection. Truely a Hotel in a class of it's own! Highly recommended to those who appreciate staying in style!	
Dec 10 2007 	Relatively Good Value at Traders	As a regular traveler to Dubai, who has seen the price of hotel rooms sky rocket over the last 18 months, I decided to check out the reviews on this site.Traders Hotel came up with consistently good reviews in terms of facilities and value. I don't consider paying USD 250 per night to be good value for a 4 star hotel - but it was cheaper than similar properties which just goes to show how expensive Dubai has become if you wish to stay in a hotel with reasonable facilities.The hotel, staff and facilities are all very good as you would expect for a 4 star hotel in Dubai. At Check In - it was suggested that I upgraded to a Traders Club Room - which if you were planning on having breakfast and being on the Internet everyday - ended up paying for itself. The Club Room is very useful and as per Asian hotels, they offer some complimentary hot snacks and beer/wine from 5.30 - 7.30pm.My major problem on this trip.....and I suspect will be on future trips - is the unavailability of taxis. Dubai has expanded at such a rate that the supply of taxis has not been able to keep up. The hotel staff were not able to assist me in getting a taxi and did not appear too inclined to come up with alternatives. To get around this, I had to book a private car, via the Business Centre, about 24 hours in advance to be sure of being able to leave the hotel when I needed to. So some pre-planning is called for.Overall it was fine - but I sensed the Sheraton Deira staff had been happier to see me on my previous trip!	
Dec 9 2007	Very Good Hotel	Traders is an excellent quality 4 star hotel for business people but has its limitations for holidaymakers. Possibly my impressions were affected by arriving at Traders directly from the Maldives. Traders is an oasis in a busy part of Dubai which has few benefits other than being near the airport. Provides excellent service, comfortable surroundings, good evening entertainment (fab band and snacks in the bar), brilliant buffet. It does not have an outside pool. We were able to get taxis by crossing the road and flagging them down by the side of the ?Marriot.For holiday makers I would recommend the beach as you only need to visit the town probably once during the holiday for the Souk/Museums etc. Doesn't really have much going for it unless you like staying in posh overpriced hotels overlooking the Dubai version of the M3. Shopping is over rated but the Malls are impressive. My view is that Dubai is a place that needs to be seen, but only for 3 nights (which is the average I see from the stats). You can go to European Cities, stay in topclass hotels and enjoy culture and food that Dubai can only dream of for a fraction of the price. I think that the niche market for Dubai will be Persians/Indians/Arabs and stopovering Europeans/Australasians thanks to an excellent airline - Emirates	
Dec 8 2007 	Pleasant stay	Traders is a lovely hotel, catering well for business and pleasure travellers alike. Although the geographical location is good for access to the airport, Deira City Centre, the Gold Souk etc, its placement on an extremely busy road makes getting a taxi almost impossible – as hard as the staff try. I took to hijacking taxis from the Marriot down the road (which also suffers from a lack of taxis), or jumping into one when they are stationary at the traffic lights. Being located on such a busy road and in close proximity to the airport, I expected my room to be noisy – but no, the rooms are soundproof and that coupled with the lovely large and comfortable bed, I had some of the best nights sleep in a long time.We stayed in an executive room, which comes with all the perks of a private lounge and complimentary breakfast, drinks and nibbles all day. Food in the lounge and from room service was ok, but a little disappointing.Our room was clean, big with plenty of storage place, free internet access and a large amount of stationary(!) The bathroom was small but perfectly formed with a gorgeous rain shower. Staff throughout the hotel were friendly and quick to help.As a base for exploring it’s a great little hotel.	
Nov 18 2007 	Great base for exploring a really exciting city	Only stayed 2 nights in this hotel on our way back from Thailand but it far exceeded my expectations. Although we arrived very late there were no problems booking in and the breakfasts were fabulous everything you could possibly want and a few things you probably didn't. the staff were attentive without being pushy and our room was large and very clean. The bar was lively in th evening and the shuttle bus to the shopping mall a godsend for those of us who didn't have a lot of time.. Definately have a chat with the concierge he can arrange all sorts of trips for you at short notice. Dow trip on the creek is amust along with Dunes busting in the desert if you have time High tea at the Grovenor hotel is also a must. try and blag your way onto the 46 floor where you get superb views of the palm, the world etc.	
Nov 5 2007 	Exceptional	This is an exceptional hotel. We stayed here in for 3 nights on the way back to Australia from a safari in Africa. - Our room was exceptional - as good as you would expect from any 5* hotel. The TV was large with many good cable channels, the bed was king size, new and comfortable. The bathroom is as good as you could expect from any hotel.- Breakfast buffet (included) was very good - with a wide variety of the usual hotel fare (including custom made eggs of your choice) with some unusual additions.... chicken nuggets anyone ? I should have tried Camel's milk ! There never seems to be enough staff on at breakfast though - so the tables remain uncleared for far too long. It's easy fixed though. - Dinner is a la carte - but if you chose the premium option (around $40 from memory) - you can use the dinner buffet for 1st course and desert. Very good value.- A special note for the business centre staff - if only all staff in all hotels could be as good as these guys. Nothing is too complex, too much trouble or a problem for them. They are knowledgeable and can book just about anything for you. A very polite and very good service. - On the sixth floor, there is a fitness centre, with a pool, gym, saunas etc. Massages are also offered - which are also good value. - The hotel offers an inexpensive airport transfer service. Overall, very good. As good as you could expect. Would stay there again.	
Nov 3 2007 	Enjoyed our stay at Traders	Having read Traders reviews on Tripadvisor decided, because of the candid photographs and price, to give it a go. This was our first time in Dubai albeit we have travelled and stayed in the Middle East on several previous occasions.We arrived at 2am, subsequent to a long delay getting through Customs at Dubai airport, and had no problems in checking in and getting to our room. We had originally booked a Superior King Room however the chap on the desk discussed the benefits of a Club Room so we upgraded for an additional A$80.00 over 3 nights. We chose not to stay on the Club Room Floor but remained on the 4th Floor which was quiet and the room well appointed as described and depicted in other reviews and candid photographs. Bed comfortable and bathroom excellent, modern fixtures and fittings.The Club rate includes breakfast which was excellent, plenty of variety in food, fruit etc plus you had the choice of having eggs or omelette etc cooked in front of you. We ate on the ground floor as smoking is allowed in the eating area on the Club floor. In addition we didn't avail ourselves of the Happy Hour and Fitness facilities as we weren't in the hotel after an early breakfast until say 9 to 11pm. Our stay coincded with Ramadan so the breakfast was a welcome start to the day. Visiting a Muslim country during Ramadan is inconvenient from an eating and entertainment perspective, however something to be experienced.Traders is a little too far from the centre of Dubai say Deira City Centre however you can live with as, depending on traffic, it is only a short cab ride, say a cost of 10 to 15 dirhams . The hotel does provide a shuttle service however it is infrequent, couple of times to and from Deira City Centre . Should we go back to Dubai, that would have to be after a lot of the building work has been completed and traffic flows improved, we would have no hesitation in staying at Traders again.	
Nov 1 2007 	Great stay super staff	Based prior stays in Shangri-la hotels, we booked a room on the club floor, and we were surely not disappointed. Located between the airport and the city center, except for Jumeirah all sights of interest to a tourist are but a short, inexpensive taxi ride away. Check-in was handled in the most courteous, efficient way, and the staff member accompanied us to our room and the club lounge, briefing us on the essential need-to-know items. Our 5th floor room faced an interior court yard and was thusly shielded from traffic noise of the busy thoroughfare on which the hotel is located. While not overly large, it was nevertheless luxurious. It was appointed with the most comfortable king size bed, a desk with laptop connections and with a drawer full of office supplies from stapler over scissors to paper clips. A stocked mini bar, in-room safe, ironing board and iron, and the obligatory TV and phone rounded out the inventory. A very luxurious, terrazzo tiled bathroom with very modern fixtures, beveled mirrors, soft towels, robes, slippers, hair dryer, and an ample assortment of toiletries added to the comfort of our stay. Club use privileges were a definite plus and included buffet breakfast in the club or the ground floor restaurant, cocktails, wine and canapés in the evening, although on account of Ramadan not until 7PM, PC Internet and printer use, and more. Comfortable lounge chairs and sofas made it a nice place to rest up with a cup of coffee after returning from a day of sightseeing in hot Dubai. The Junction Restaurant on the ground floor offered an extensive menu selection, and the breakfast buffet spread left absolutely nothing to be desired. Travel desk, guest services, and a gift shop rounded out the lobby services. A courtesy shuttle to and from a beach and a shopping mall is offered. A smaller mall is located across the street within a block from the hotel. The Traders Hotel offers a great deal for the price, and its services rival those of a five-star hotel. Should we return to Dubai, we will definitely stay here again.	
Oct 3 2007 	Perhaps not the best choice for the solo backpacker...	I arrived at approx 6.30am. I was charged 260dhs for early check in, and they would not allow me to have breakfast that morning. To be honest I thought they were bang out of order, but I was tired so I just paid my dues and went to bed.The bedrooms are fantastic. Huge bed, easily the most comfy I have slept in. I had been traveling around Japan and Thailand, so the luxury of the traders was great. The service was great - expect to be called sir all the time, and have taxi doors etc opened for you! One thing about taxis - get your own yellow cab, or ask for a yellow cab - don't let them get you one of their &quot;limousine taxis&quot; - they are literally double the price of a yellow cab. I wasn't keen on their constant money chasing - Internet wasn't free in the business centre (On two occasions I just wanted to check my email - the first guy let me do it for free, the second said I had to pay for 45 minutes access, which was 20dhs). To be honest, I think its bad that they charge for internet, but never mind.The location wasn't great, I was alone and had to take taxis everywhere....they arn't massively expensive but it all adds up. Expect to pay around 40dhs each way to the mall of the emirates, jumeirah beach, etc.Unfortunately my experience at the hotel was tainted by a very arrogant clerk on check out. I had arranged, and paid for, airport pick up and drop off. However, on checking out, he said I needed to pay for drop off. I told him how I had been given a price for the total journey, but he said it was one way only. I could not access my email...and he was basically totally disregarding my side of the story. After a bit of arguing, he eventually let me get in the taxi (which was going anyway!!). It was a shame to end on that note.Overall, I enjoyed the hotel - but I would not stay there again if I was alone.	
Oct 3 2007 	Heaven On Earth	MY HUSBAND AND I STAYED AT TRADERS TO CELEBRATE OUR ANNIVERSARY. From the moment we set foot in this hotel till the moment we left we were treated first class: Every memberof staffwas courteous and pleasant (EVEN TO THE GUESTS WHO ORDERED THEM ABOUT DURING THE BUFFET BREAKFAST, THEY WERE JUST TOO LAZY TO GET UP AND SERVE THEMSELVES-HOW THE STAFF REMAINED SO PLEASANT IS BEYOND ME!!!)The hotel itself is spotlessly clean and the meals are to die for!The gym is well kitted out and, if you get the chance, treat yourself to a massage-you won't be disappointed.Transport from and to the airport can be arranged directly through the hotel for a small fee and there is complimentary transport to the Deira city centre and the beach park from the hotel also.IF DOING THE RED BUS CITY AND BEACH TOUR-TAKE 2 DAYS , AS THERE IS TOO MUCH TO SQUEEZE IN TO 1 DAY.AT FIRST THE HOTEL APPEARS TO BE A LITTLE OUT OF THE WAY, BUT WHEN YOU SEE ALL THE CONSTRUCTION WORK GOING ON IN THE MAIN RESORT, YOU'LL BE GLAD YOU CHOOSE TRADERS.See you all next year!	
Sep 26 2007 	Avery Clean and Authentic Hotel	We stayed here booking 2 rooms through Emirates. I must mention that it was the most comfortable stay. Since I was with my whole family thus hotel staff provided us everything we wanted. Location is OK. you can get taxis very easily. Some of the stores are on walking distances.	
Sep 11 2007 	Can't rate the Traders highly enough	For anyone visiting Dubai, who just wants first class service and excellent value for money, the Traders must be right up there in the top ten.We paid a little bit more to stay on the 5th Floor and take advantage of the Traders Club facilities and this is something we can strongly recommend.Arriving at 7.00 a.m. in the morning, our room was already available and we were offered breakfast at no extra charge. The room was magnificent, with one of the biggest and most comfortable beds we have ever slept on in a hotel. All mod con, including laptop connection, complimentary bottled water, daily selection of fruit and a free paper.The Traders Club (on the 5th Floor) provides free tea, coffee soft drinks and snacks throughout the day plus free internet access - essential if you want to confirm your homeward journey online. Every evening - from 5.30 till 7.00 - the hotel offer complimentary cocktails in the Traders Club. What this means is that you simply pour your own drinks, as big or little as you like, as many times as you like. The snacks available are also upgraded during this period to include hot tasties.Breakfast can be served in the Traders Club, if you want some privacy, but don't miss the chance of taking breakfast at least once in the main dining room downstairs. This meal is magnificent, with a selection of dishes from all over the Western and Eastern world. As with everything else at the Traders, the quality is first class and nothing is too much trouble for the attentive staff.Unfortunately no hotel is perfect !Although we could not fault the Traders for quality or service, there are a couple of minus points which must be mentioned.First of all, location. While not a serious issue in Dubai, where the taxis are plentiful and cheap, the Traders is right on the edge of the Deira district and you just cannot walk anywhere worthwhile. All trips to the Souks or Malls must be by taxi.Secondly, the swimming pool is not outside but is located within the 6th Floor. Admittedly, there is a rooftop relaxing area, with lounger beds and a shower but this is just not the same as a proper outdoor swimming pool.In summary, if you are visiting Dubai and want to avoid the building sites at the beach hotels, and at the same time, be pampered in a first class hotel, then go to the Traders. Just don't expect an outdoor swimming pool or easy access to all the attactions.	
Sep 1 2007 	attentive staff	arrived at 7am expecting to be offered bag storage, and a room later, but our two rooms were already prepared and we checked straight in. The rooms were fairly compact, and perhaps just a tiny bit tired, but on the whole, absolutely lovely, and very well presented and prepared. Beds super comfy, temperature just right (50 degrees outside) food in restaurant really excellent, and the best breakfast selection I have had in all my years of travelling. Staff kind and attentive, clean and pleasant environment. Would like to highly recommend for a traveller looking to visit Dubai without staying in one of the flagship tourist hotspots. Our two sons, 15 and 16 thoroughly enjoyed the sauna and pool, and though the wireless access for the internet was only available for a small charge, it was free in the lounge (subject to buying from the menu). It would be better if wireless was free all over the hotel - but can't have everything. Very comfortable for price, and well placed. Taxis very cheap to souks, beach etc. I will use this hotel again.	
Aug 8 2007 	Consider the Location	Based on the reviews on this web site, I decided to select the Traders Hotel primarily on value for money. Having stayed at the Shangri-La Dubai previously, I was aware that this was going to be a lesser experience. As with Dubai in general I was to be pleasantly surprised. Arriving at the airport at 3.00am I had difficulty find the Patriot Car Rental desk where my hotel transfer was arranged prior. Eventually I found it exactly where it should be i.e. with all the other rental car desks - duh! So eventually, a short drive later I arrived at Traders at around 4.30am. The reception staff kindly agreed to an early check-in and so I found myself in what must surely be one of the smelliest rooms I have ever experienced. Travellers to Dubai beware - order a non-smoking room if your are a non-smoker. I was woken several times by the smell of the smoke, which I had hoped would ameliorate with the effects of the noisy air-condiitioning. I resolved to see reception in the morning. Without hesitation I was moved to a new room on level three with an inner courtyard aspect, no smell and quiet air-conditioning. Bliss. Despite being almost under a flight path and adjacent to a busy street, this hotel is so well double-glazed and insulated that you would not hear a thing. The room was beautifully appointed and offered small, thoughtful touches too numerous to mention here. Suffice it to say that this would be well and truly five star in many parts of the world. The restaurant too was absolutely excellent, nicely presented and offering a huge range of cuisine at very reasonable prices. I was amazed at how fresh the salads and raw foods are. If it can be done like this in the desert, why can't it be done in Sydney? The gym, steam room and sauna are small but adequate and immaculately maintained. The pool being indoors is a bit unprepossessing. I found myself in the House Bar one night and was surprised to find a really good cover band taking requests from the audience and revelling in the variety. Sushi snacks were on offer and the bar quite busy until the small hours. The main thing to ponder if considering this hotel is location. The hotel is situated adjacent to the airport and Deira City Centre. Therefore it is not ideally situated if you are drawn to towards Jumeira Madinat or the Dubai Marina which seem to house most of the current hot spots. Although taxis are inexpensive (AUD$23 Traders to Madinat) the roads are becoming jammed and travelling such distances not really enjoyable. If night life is your thing, I would be inclined to stay further out towards the Dubai Marina. If on the other hand you need to be near the airport or &quot;city centre&quot; such as it is, then Traders might be for you. The last word must go to the staff. They are unfailingly polite and helpful. It is hard to go anywhere in the hotel without being politely greeted by three or four staff. Given how rude some of the guests were being in return, this is testament to the hotel indeed.	
Jul 11 2007	Upgrade to suite means no access to lounge!	We normally stay in the Traders Club Room (with access to the lounge) to our full satisfaction and would recommend it. However, during our last stay we upgraded to a Premier Suite, and were appalled to find out during check-out that this meant that we had lost access to the Lounge. To us, it doesn't make any sense to pay close to 1000 dirhams per day for a suite, if the suite doesn't provide access to the lounge. And although the suite was spacious, it was not comparable to other hotels (like for example the JW Marriott where we stayed the day before and paid a comparable price). The front desk reasoned that the upgrade only related to the floor space and not to the use of facilities. After some discussion we did not have to pay for use of the lounge. I'll never upgrade again in Traders.	
Jun 27 2007 	Good Business Hotel	Spent two days and three nights at the hotel in early June for a conference. It's a solid business type hotel -- nice lobby but not overdone and good hotel bar. Did not try the restaurant at the hotel. Rooms were very clean, slightly larger than average US hotel and the entire hotel was well maintained.	
Jun 3 2007 	Great stay at the Traders Hotel	I stayed at the Traders Hotel from May 26th 2007 until June 1st 2007 with my husband and son. We arrived 5am on the 26th May and they still let us check in at such an early hour, even though we were not due to check in until 2pm. The service in this hotel is great, the staff are friendly, it's clean, the rooms are nice size and they also have complementry daily service that drives you to Dubai City Centre (a Shopping Mall) and to a local beach and back to the hotel. Even though this hotel is not in the most popular part of Dubai, the hotel does everything it can to make your stay perfect. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Jun 1 2007 	Great Hotel	This is a very nice hotel that is nice and close to the airport. It is definatly a 4+ hotel. The rooms are very nice and service is excellent. The only issue I had was that the TV went in and out several times. But that wasn't that big of a deal. I would definatly stay here again.	
May 22 2007 	Good quality hotel	Spent 3 nights here in early April. Large, clean, modern hotel on a busy intersection. Rooms large and quiet in spite of the traffic outside. No view other than building lots and traffic (and the occasional 'plane flying by low over town). Good sized shower (no bath) and bathroom. All mod cons. Near the airport and not in the &quot;main&quot; part of town, but is only about 10 - 15 mins walk to shopping malls and restaurants. No problem getting taxis. Good hotel if you are just on a stopover and don't need pools/fancy resort facilities	
May 8 2007 	A Home in Dubai	I arrived for a conference early to explore Dubai. I stayed at the Trader's for 5 days before moving out to a REALLY expensive place on the beach. Apart from not having the pools and Gulf right near, I enjoyed the Trader's Hotel just as much. I had a problem after checking in: the phone would not dial out. They brought staff in and moved my things to an upgraded room. They were so helpful for a &quot;first timer&quot;; getting me where I needed to go and offering useful suggestions. The hotel isreally clean - which is important to me and the little gym hadeverything I needed to squeeze in a workout. The food was delicious. Can't say enought about the place.	
Apr 15 2007 	Professionalism Above All	When you get smiling staff all around; knowing your name right in the day following your arrival; not working for tips, but by the house; always prompt to help in any difficulty you might have; you get almost fully satisfaction. If you complain about anything at all (an empty bottle under the bad when you first arrive) and you get a letter at your own address from the MD of the hotel chain, apologising for the inconvenience and informing that everything will be done to avoid similar situations,you see how serious they get the customer´s importance. They don´t play around! Fantastic staff and very good hotel indeed.	
Apr 13 2007 	Wonderful staff	I travelled to Dubai with my mum staying in Traders. As we were arriving very late, about 4 in the morning, I booked a room for that night so that we could get a good night's sleep then get on with our holiday. When we arrived our room wasn't ready and we were offered another room. We accepted as what other choice did I have. I was quite irate as I had booked three months in advance. We then had to wait until 12 the next day to get the room we had booked. Not that big a deal but I was very annoyed as this is not a cheap hotel! They did make up for it with complementary stuff. Apart from that the hotel was lovely. The restaurant has a great menu, serving all day. The bar is nice and the resident band is good. Transfers to Mamzar beach at 9.30 and 2.30, and to Deira City Centre shopping at 11. The highlight of the hotel is by far the staff. Zar Zar in the front lounge is an absolute star, really friendly with lots of info about the area and if she doesn't know she'll find out for you.	
Mar 19 2007	Traders Hotel Dubai A diamond in the rough	Traders is predominantly a buisness and aircrew hotel in Deira Dubai Straight up Abu Baker Al Siddique Rd from the Al Maktoum bridge over the creekWe stayed in a club room on the 5th floor, very nice room just what you would expect from a 4*+ hotel.The veiw from our room window was dire as the hotel is on the edge of an industrial area and we had a great veiw of a truck park.However the standards of service and freindliness of the staff more than made up for the veiws, there is a very high level of staffing who all take ensuring you have a good stay very seriouslyThe position is not as bad as it looks on a map both the Al Maktoum and Al garhoud bridges are accessible and as it is on a busy road taxis are easy to come by and as taxis are so cheap how far resteraunts etc are doeant really matter (but remember the heavy dubai traffic)In a club room breakfast is included as are soft drinks and snacks all day and happy hour from 5.30 to 7.30 there are free drinks and canapesThe hotel provides a free shuttle (and beach towels) to Al Mamzer beach park a very nice well kept beach park with plenty of facillities which is quieter than al JumirahOn the down side the hotel does not have a pool and the only sunbathing area is a small courtyard with lots of traffic noise in the 2nd floorThe hotel can arrange use of a sister hotels pool facillities on request for a nominal fee (the Shangri la on Sheikh zayed Rd for 50AED)If you want a hotel for a beach or pool holiday this isnt the one. if you want a hotel with 5 star standards for 4 star prices and dont mind about the location or pool I absolutely reccomend this hotel. It was great as a base to see all of dubai.Top Tip to cross the creek at busy times get a taxi to an abra (water taxi) station on the deira side cross the creek by abra and pick up a taxi on the Bur Dubai side and you miss the bottlenecks on the bridges.	
Mar 16 2007 	Overall really very good	Overall Traders is a very nice place to stay, the staff were more than helpful and they even managed to check us in to our club room at 6:30 am (usually a 2pm check in)The facilities offered to the club room user are well worth the money, it included evening cocktails with enough nibbles to negate the need for an evening meal. A buffet style Breakfast is also included offering both hot and cold food. Soft drinks and tea/coffee are available all day and there is a huge TV with comfortable lounge facilities.The room wasn't large but it had everything you could possibly need and they gave me free unlimited in room internet connection for my laptop.Our only problem with the club room and for us it was a serious one was the policy on smoking. Smoking was allowed in the club lounge during meal times and the air conditioning wasn’t able to stop the smoke drifting across the room. In the evening it got very bad and we had to leave the lounge well before we were ready to do so.It may sound a bit petty but unfortunately unless they change the smoking policy we will have to look elsewhere on our next trip to Dubai. But if you do smoke go for your life :)	
Mar 5 2007 	Hidden Gem	Still as good as ever. This place must be one of the finest bargains in town. It is always full, so let's hope the bean counters don't drive the up prices, which are extremely reasonable. The entire hotel is a fine lesson in quality customer service.Last time around they gave me the early check-in to die for ( - Dubai travellers will know this is the holy grail) This time I got special treatment at the other end. My schedule dictated a very early check-out - yet my flight wasn't till past midnight. Well as you'd expect, they agreed to keep my luggage safe for me. Having finished my work, on returning to the hotel around 3.30 I politely enquired (bear in mind I'm no longer a paying guest) if I could borrow the exec lounge facilities to get changed. No problem sir, in fact they said take as long as you want - if you want to hang around in the exec lounge all evening &quot;that's OK with us&quot;. All those nice drinkies, snacks, free wireless, you name it. In fact (this is where it started to get seriously impressive), did I want to go upstairs and use the health club? Absolutely!On thanking them for this kindness, the hotel replied that they were merely repaying the favour I had done them by checking out early and helping them get their rooms turned around.It's not every hotel that let's an ex-guest hang around FOC to swim, steam, sauna and raid their exec lounge but at Trader's I get the feeling they understand the concept of customer loyalty. Instead of doing '24-hours in a suit' I arrived home fresh and in great shape. Terrific massage, 80AED. Hotel heaven.	
Mar 1 2007 	Fantastic breakfasts	Fantastic hotel!!!!Best hotel we've stayed at. Not the best location however it is pretty central(ish). Staff brilliant and couldn't be more helpful. Cleaners clean all day so you don't feel like you have to get out.Can't speak highly enough about the place.Best breakfast selection we'd ever seen. They have everything and anything and for £10 you can eat and drink as much as you like.	
Feb 11 2007	Excellent Hotel - The Good Tripadvisor Reviews Were Correct!	I stayed at this hotel in Feb 2007 after being attracted to it by some excellent Tripadvisor reviews. I wasn't disappointed.We arrived at a very early 7.30am but were welcomed and given one of two booked rooms (for the evening after) with the other being free at 9.30am. Rooms were large 4* rooms on the 4th floor with lots of facilities (including a power adaptor, free water and a torch?!) and very quiet given its proximity to the airport.Breakfast was good with a lot of choice &amp; buffet style, but only really good value if you can eat a lot . Room service proves better value if you just want a light meal &amp; don't have an inclusive rate. This came bang on the time booked.The restaurant is also very good &amp; a lot better than the menu suggested to me. Food - especially the fish - is really well cooked &amp; presented. For more choice, you can wander literally over the road to the 5* JW Marriott &amp; enjoy their services - from themed Eastern, German &amp; Italian restaurants to the familiar Starbucks. Location of the hotel also isn't really an issue at all. Everywhere is a while away in Dubai as it is so spread out &amp; taxi is the norm due to the non-existant public transport system in the City. Deira City Centre Shopping is a good basis to start any trip (the Big Bus tours start from here) &amp; taxis are cheap enough to mean the 20 minute ride there comes in at 15 DHS, or about £2, Even to the Mall of the Emirates (a gridlocked taxi ride of 1h30m) costs only about 60DHS, or about £8. A trip to the souks [markets] in Deira or Bur Dubai is about DHS15 &amp; 20 minutes away.Overall, though not at all cheap, Traders is very competitive with other hotels in Dubai and has many more advantages to disadvantages for a traveller. I have no regrets about staying here &amp; the positive writeups were all pretty much bang on the mark for accuracy. Stay at Traders if you can!	
Feb 1 2007 	Great stay!!!	We (2 adults and 1 child) stayed at the the Traders Hotel in January and I can't recommend it enough. The breakfast was great and the staff very helpful. Our baggage didn't arrive with us and they kindly didn't wake us up at 5 in the morning to let us know it had arrived. They gave us a late check out at no extra charge and waived the breakfast charge for my 8 year old nephew. The rooms were small when compared to the US oversized rooms, but very, very comfortable and clean. The bathroom was big in comparison to some of the pictures we had seen on hotel websites. It was actually refreshing to be away from the mess around the creek and we were glad to get away everynight.	
Jan 27 2007	Terrible service two expensive watches were stolen from my sweet	terrible service, too slow and sometimes orders came wrong...the big shock when i discovered that my watches were stolen from my make up bag... i called the lost and found department and i spend two days with no hope and silly answers ONLY I'M GETTING...i wanted to issue a case and i couldn't since they told me they are investigating and we were leaving back to our country... i regret for staying in that cheap &quot;low class&quot; hotel however it was expensive...don't go to traders hotel...	
Jan 25 2007 	Great little hotel	Stayed in one of their deluxe rooms in Jan 2007 for 2 nights. Check-in was quite quick and smooth. Was given room on 1st floor during check-in but we asked for a room on higher floor and was provided a room on the 3rd floor. The only sore part was that we had requested a non-smoking room with a king bed at the time of making the booking, but they did not have any deluxe rooms vacant with a king bed so we had to make do with a room with 2 single beds. But we joined the two small beds together so it wasn’t that bad. Very contemporary room with excellent bathroom (separate shower and bath tub) done in a beige colored marble. The hotel is relatively new so the room was very clean and up to date. The only sore point in the room was the normal style TV of quite a small size in the era of plasma and LCD TVs. I would like to make a special mention regarding the buffet b'fast provided which was really excellent, both taste wise and variety wise. A lot better than most other 4 and 5 star properties I have stayed at before, and the Traders is rated a 4 star. My wife is vegetarian and she usually hates buffet b’fasts at hotels but even she was more than satisfied as they had a nice selection of vegetarian dishes in addition to the normal selection of non-vegetarian goodies. Didn’t try their restaurant at other times so can’t comment on that. Did order room service once (pizza and a club s’wich) and was quite good and delivered quickly. On our last day our Emirates airport transfer was scheduled to pick us up at 6:40 AM and we were worried that they may not have the b’fast set up so early (their official b’fast time starts at 6:30), but we were surprised that even at 6:20 AM their b’fast was all laid out and ready to go. The hotel is situated in the Deira area close to the City Center Shopping Mall and 15 minutes or so from the airport depending on the traffic. (Traffic in Dubai is getting worse day by day). In the end I would recommend the Traders for its high quality and reasonable prices. (If you can call any decent hotel in Dubai reasonably priced.)	
Jan 2 2007 	Fantastic hotel and fantastic satff	We arrived here on the 28th December, as soon as we arrived we were welcomed with a drink and offered breakfast.We were lucky to be on the 5th floor...wel worth the extra money.Our own lounge with nibbles and free soft drinks alll day and happy hour between 5 - 7pm with all alchohol free.Our own dedicated staff, who were so helpful.We ate in the restaruant and Sam, the head waiter sent over lobster and seafod plate at no charge.....lovely food.The staff we brilliant and would recommend this hotel to anyoneThankyou Traders for makingNew Years Eve FABTASTIC!!!!!!	
Nov 12 2006	Excellent club room	Stayed in a club room on the 5th floor - the extra cost is worth it. The club room has a good breakfast if you cant be bothered to go downstairs, snacks all day and a free bar between 5.30 and 7.30pm.Really well run hotel with very good staff and attention to detail.Have stayed in a number of different hotels in Dubai on business and this one is highly recommended.	
Oct 25 2006 	superbly run hotel	stayed at this amazing hotel for 4 nights in april this year. although it has been 6 months since i have returned home, i still remember vivdly how great this hotel was for my stay in dubai. its everything you could ask for in a city hotel - clean, very comfortable, new, stylishly designed, luxuriously appointed rooms, clean and soft extra comfy linen and pillows, very friendly and attentive staff - very professional as well, and a great breakfast spread. i was particularly impressed with the beautiful finish of the bathrooms - luxuriously done in marble with true quality written all over it. the rain shower was an added extra - nothing better than that to ease a hard days work. i would definitely return to this hotel when i visit dubai again, and would recommend anyone who wants a reliable and comfortable stay in dubai. i don';t think many other hotels will beat the package that the traders provides!	
Sep 28 2006 	Top Time at Traders		
Apr 16 2006	Super Hotel!		
Apr 11 2006	Best 4* City hotel in dubai		
Apr 3 2006	An Amazing Hotel...Highly Recommended		
Mar 30 2006	Disrespectful bell boys.		
Nov 24 2005	Outstanding		
Nov 6 2005	Loved Traders		
Jul 18 2005	A week at Traders Dubai		
Mar 14 2005	Excellent Value		
Jul 22 2004	Exceptional facilities superb staff and a great location		
Jan 28 2009 	??????????		
Jun 26 2007 	Hotel tout à fait remarquable		
