	Nice rooms nice pool well-meaning staff...but it's Fawlty Towers in the middle of a building site	It would be unfair to criticise this hotel to ruthlessly, as it has great potential.BUT (and it's a big but) the place is literally wallowing in a dust-bowl in the middle of nowhere, apparently in some kind of taxi no-mans-land (possibly as there's nothing else nearby that would require a cabbie to know the area).The surrounding neighbourhood (and that word suggests far too much of a sense of community) consists of several yet-to-be-filled artificial lakes, numerous unfinished tower blocks, a motorway (which does a great job of blocking one off even further from the more developed neighbourhood opposite, as there's no pedestrian access over it!) and not a lot else.The hotel plays a nauseating piece of Cafe Del Mar muzak on continuous loop in the lobby, which had me ready to scream after a couple of days. Just one cheesy song, playing over and over again. Poor staff. They told me that the hotel designer mandated it: cynical b**tard!The hotel management succeeded in evacuating part of the hotel by mistake while I was there, when they ran a fire alarm test without...erm...telling the guests that there was a fire alarm test.I could go on ranting, but a lot of the other stuff was teething problems for a new hotel. On the bright side, the (overpriced) restaurant was offering good food, and the bar is a bit of a local haunt for ex-pats coming in from the desert of unfinished apartments in which they live nearby.Give it a couple of years - assuming Dubai isn't closed down for financial incompetence - and this will be a nice, if synthetic, neighbourhood. The soon-to-open Metro station nearby will help to make it more accessible.But for now I'd say steer clear of this hotel until they've improved their own processes, and the surrounding area has been tidied up a little. It's got great potential, but avoid for now.	
	Hotel wonderful especially leisure facility and staff pleasant helpful and could not do enough to make us feel welcome	Our first time in Dubai so we did not know what to expect.. Hotel and staff wonderful very luxurious room and the pool was a bonus. The only downside we were so far out. Taxis are cheap and available. Time wasted travelling. 2 weeks would be better than 4 nights .	
	First class rooms and service	Hotel rooms well designed with every ammenity. Night view from Bar terrace stunning.At moment a taxi is required, due to surrounding construction works, but they are fairly cheap. Catering not yet up to a standard to tempt inhouse dining.Staff could not be bettered although room service was a little slow. A bargin if you can get a deal via Lastminute .com!!	
Nov 25 2009 	Wonderful staff in a comfortable and luxurious building	We got a very good deal because it was the &quot;soft launch&quot;, but everything we needed for a comfortable stay was working well. The room was spacious, well fitted, stylish (if you like contemporary marble, glass and wood) and comfortable. Service was unobtrusive but always there when we needed it (even at 2 am), and the staff were eager to help - even to the extent of helping solve a problem with our car hire company after we'd left, which is more than you'd get elsewhere. The only meal we wanted was breakfast but it was a good spread with excellent quality and variety and a pretty good price for Dubai (80 dh/£13.50 pp). The public spaces are stunning.Yes, the neighbourhood is still being developed, it's some way south of the original centre of Dubai in the Marina/Jumeirah Lakes area, and the taxi drivers haven't all located it yet; but the hotel is clearly destined to be very good indeed. I can only hope we'll be able to afford the prices it ought to be able to command!	
Nov 25 2009 	Building Site	This is a great hotel.......no complaints about ....that but we were not warned we would be surrounded by many many new bulidings being erected. It seemed as though we were staying on a building site, in fact most of Dubai is like this now.I doubt if we will ever return to the Dubai we once knew.	
Nov 19 2009 	Beautiful relaxing and welcoming place.	Started with difficulties to locate the hotel... Once inside, everything became simple and comfortable. Hi speed internet, unique swimming pool, and pretty room design.Little story:The room service is not 24 hrs available yet. However, when one of my friends along with his wife visited me after both bar and room service closed, the polite staff managed somehow to get a gentleman to take our order.I was a bit strict explaining them that this is 5-star hotel so I'm not taking excuses. That was so understanding and nice of the hotel staff.The hotel has just opened, meaning there're some expected gaps and missing bits. But overall, it is a VERY GOOD IDEA to be thier guest :)	
Nov 17 2009 	Value for money..	Read the reviews in Trip Advisor and another travel website was running a special on this hotel, booked a twin room for a great price. We were 3, figured we will get an extra bed like in the US. Drove to the hotel with a friend (had to ask directions), but the exit signs are marked (Exit 32 JLT). The people at the hotel are new to the area, so had difficulties understanding their directions, but eventually reached with out a fuss.They had a makeshift check in area which was expected as the hotel is in soft launch. The check in guy said they wont let 3 people in a room but then was kind enough to offer us a different room for an extra price, took that as it was still value for money. Waited for a while for the room to be ready.The rooms were modern, luxurious and was fully stocked for an apartment. The rooms were fairly good sized with all the feed good amenities. The pool area was great so was the jacuzzi and the sauna. Had a quick bite at Authors Lounge, nothing fancy. but the food tasted good. The staff were friendly and eager to please. Now the gripe, the shower curtain or the lack of is poorly designed, anytime we took a bath, the water was all over. Booking a taxi through the hotel takes a long time approx 30-45 mins. This will be a great property once they finish up the landscaping and construction in the area and the completion of metro.All in all we had a wonderful vacation.	
Nov 16 2009 	Not as expected- should be a 3star	Stayed here for a week from 07-11-09 to 14-11-09. Checked in ok. The one bedroom apartment is smaller than expected. The deco was very nice, but it seemed that was all it had going for it. It seemed that they built this hotel but didnt test the practically of the admenities. First thing, the TV in the bedroom did not work. Having a shower practically flooded the bathroom, as the bath screen just leeked water all over the floor and the shower head has too much pressure that when it hit your body the water went everywhere mainly the floor. The bathroom sink had insufficient drainage and just blocked while brushing my teeth. Told the front desk and they sent someone to fix the TV, when they did come they said there is a technically fault and it wont be fixed til the following morning. The AC had some fault with it and no matter how high we put the temperature the rooms never got warmer. The bed sheets and pillows had a mildew smell, which housekeeping change the sheets but not the throw pillows or coverlet, so the smell still lingered. Complained to the front desk and requested to be moved. They said they will look into it and let us know. After 2 hours sitting in a freezing room, we were moved to a room two rooms down. The new room was fine and decided to go out that night. We set the heating up as we both dont like AC and the room too colder to cope with.Came back early morning about 4am and room was still freezing. Called front desk again and they sent an engineer to investigate. He took about and hour to fix it, after he figured out the thermostat had gone. The next day the room was still cold that we opened the balcony doors to get some warmth in the room from outside. My partner got a chest infection from the cold AC and all we could do was request another duvet from housekeeping. A couple of days later we had a power cut so no electricity in the room for a couple of hours, but they sent someone up to fix it.. Therefore all the clocks in the apartment were incorrect. Called three times to the front desk about this and spoke to them directly as well as any staff we passed by, doormen etc and nothing was done about the clocks. The hotel provided one free shuttle bus at 11am to either The Dubai Mall, Mall of the Emirates, Jumeirah Beach Residence or IBN Battata Mall. But as our clocks were out of sync, front desk had to keep calling us as the shuttle had to keep waiting for us. They should have provided regular shuttle services. What was funny was the fact that you had to book a seat with the front desk, and when you say you want to book a seat for the shuttle, they reply 'what time do you want?'. Obviously this implies that there is other times available apart from the 11am as stated, which I asked what departure times are available, which they then said 11am.They claim there is free wifi in the hotel but this only applys if you have a laptop as you need to connect it to the TV, so we had to use the one in the lobby, which all other guests seem to do as well.We also had problems with the iron in the room. There was some brown liquid in the iron, like stale water. We tried to wash it out but it ruined my partner's white shirt. Again we requested a new iron, spoke to three diffrent people including housekeeping and nothing. Finally complained to management, the supervisor name was Stephanie and as we listed all the issues, she seemed not too concerned with the inconvience we had suffered through. We requested a late check to compensate for the problems we had, she was unwilling to do unless we pay GBP170.00 to check out at 7pm.We just checked out at 11am and left the luggage with the bellboy, got a shuttle to the mall and ccame back later to collect the luggage for our flight at midnight.The location is not too bad if themetro nearby was working, as that is the only way you can get across the Sheilk Zeyed Road to the Dubai Marina Mall and Jumeirah Beach Residence without having to use a taxi as we had too. Definately would not stay here again. If anyone chooses to stay here, wait til Feb 2010 when the metro is fully running and if most of the construction around the hotel is completed as this adds at least an additional Dhs5 to 10 for the taxi to go around the oneway system to get to the hotel. Also not many taxi drivers know where the Bonnington Towers is or Jumeirah Lake Towers is, so be prepared to take note of the area and the roads to direct them.	
Nov 16 2009 	A Great Hotel in the Making	It takes a combination of location, service, and a great property to make a top notch hotel. Bonnington Towers has 2 of 3 of these qualities and the last one, location, will come with time. Other reviews have mentioned the ongoing construction in the Jumeriah Lakes Towers (JLT) district. The area will eventually have 80+ high-rise towers. Some are complete or nearing completion but construction is everywhere around the hotel and walking is not really practical. This will change quickly once the nearby JLT Metro station open. The metro opened in Sept.09 but this station will need a few more months to complete. The station is only about 250 m from the hotel and it will also provide a route over the 14 lane Sheik Fayed freeway into the Dubai Marina area. As JLT matures, Bonnington will find itself well situated.As to service and the hotel, almost everything was top notch for our stay. We have a one bedroom 1 1/2 bath apartment, luxuriously equipped, with flat screen HD TV's, comfortable bed and linens, full kitchen and the usual hotel perks. The public areas in the hotel were ultra-modern, with Italian marble and stylish lighting everywhere.Booked through Orbitz, the room was incredibly well priced for for our six day stay. (I doubt you could find this calibre of room in any major world city at the rate we paid which was during the soft opening phase.)Staff were attentiive throughout the hotel. We had the concierge book tours, my wife used the salon on the 11th floor spa level and food service staff we eager and efficient. Experienced travellers may find there are times when the staff does appear to be a bit tentative and in learning mode, but for a hotel that has only been open a few months, this was not unexpected. Any other issues we may have had during our stay were minor and would expect to see resolved in the near future.	
Nov 16 2009 	Nice rooms good staff - and a GREAT price ;)	Decided to choose this hotel following the reviews on tripadvisor and it was pretty much as expected. A brand new hotel with 5 star finish in soft launch stage. Lovely rooms furnished to a high standard, friendly staff but a few service type glitches. Other plus points - lovely pool and jacuzzi and unlike other reviewers I enjoyed having an area to sit out without being in the sun. Donwside for me was getting a taxi from the hotel. On numerous occaisions we ordered a cab for a specific time only to wait up to 45 minutes after this time for the cab to arrive. Also location wise there are no restaurants, shops etc within walking distance but Dubai Marina is fun and only a shop cab ride away. Overall I would recommend this hotel, and definitely whilst it is at such a good price, but dont expect perfection in &quot;soft launch&quot; - thats why you're getting the discount	
Nov 16 2009 	A VERY comfortable gem in new Dubai. Highly recommended....	First, I will state the obvious… there is nothing (currently) within walking distance of the hotel. For anyone that has written about this being a negative, it is the obvious reason as to why the current rates are so extremely reasonable during their “soft opening”. As Taxis were readily available, this was hardly even a minor inconvenience. That having been said, EVERYTHING about my experience at the Bonnington was fantastic. All of the staff, from reception to housekeeping was extraordinarily friendly, helpful, and professional. I was in Dubai on business, and favor the convenience of having an apartment environment. The one bedroom deluxe apartment (actually more like 2 bedrooms), was well appointed with 2 ½ baths (with rain shower, plush oversized robes and towels and amenities), a fully stocked kitchen (dishwasher, microwave, laundry, and even an expresso machine), two plasma tv’s with movie channels, a living room with two sofas, a dining area, and so on. Beds were extremely comfortable with down duvets, pillows, and high thread count sheets. I took a taxi to a nearby newly opened Almaya SuperMarket (5 mins away) which had everything and more you could possibly want to stock your apartment kitchen with food and beverages. Upon my return the hotel staff even carried the bags to my apartment for me. I dined several times through room service ordering from the Authors Lounge and Cavendish menus… all meals were very good!Also, Grand Limos, who the Bonnington has teamed up with, is a great option for transportation. I used them several times during my trip and their rates are 125 AED an hr … so if going any distance (like to old Dubai/Dubai Creek areas), I think this is a better option than a taxi. All in all, I was extremely comfortable at the Bonnington. I’m sure that the little issues that some have raised, will be worked very soon. They seem to take every comment seriously and work to solve and satisfy every complaint That level of service and effort always makes me much more forgiving. I will certainly stay again!!	
Nov 14 2009 	Rooms excellent but....	We stayed at the bonnington for 7 days in a Deluxe room...Postive Points- Room as exceptional, very funky and luxurious- Staff welcoming every morning- Jaccuzi was excellentNegative Points- Location - the hotel is in the middle of a construction site, don't expect any great views from your room (We had workmen and diggers to look at each day) or from the leisure deck- Location - we spent over £150 on taxi fares during the week, you cannot walk anywhere so be prepared to pay. Cost to Bur Dubai was approx 55dhirams, Jumeriah Beach Park 60dr- Taxi drivers not aware of the hotel, I found myself as the local guide telling drivers where to go (this should change as more people stay)- Authors lounge took us an hour to get our lunch with no apologies from the waiter staff, they even ran out of english breakfast tea, not acceptable for a 5 star hotel- Concierge - We tried book a desert safari with concierge, however we were advised the company we wanted to book with charged an extra 60dhirams to pick us up from the hotel and he reccomended another company who were much more expensive. This was completely untrue and ringing from our room we booked the safari with no extra costs. Personally I think concierge take a cut from this company, please be aware however all trips end up at the same location for dinner and belly dancing.- Pool is not what the pictures make out, however ok for relaxing but nothing specialAs mentioned in other reviews this hotel is undergoing a soft opening, we were not advised on this when booking the rooms, although we got a good deal on the hotel.The hotel needs to link up with a beach hotel to offer beach facilities for leisure travellers, this is a must. Using a hotel beach can cost up to 180 dhirams which is very expensive for 1 day.	
Nov 13 2009 	Great but.....	We stayed at the Bonnington Jumeirah Lakes Towers for one week at the end of October 2009 in a one bedroomed deluxe apartment which was just perfect in every way. It had great amenities with a well equipped kitchen area, although disappointingly no working freezer in ours but otherwise with everything you could wish for. The staff were very friendly and kind. Nothing was too much trouble for them and if a taxi was needed Reception had one booked for you immediately. The location is currently in a major building zone, no real noise but with restricted road access it's not the easiest place for taxis to find. However it's not far to the beach and Dubai Marina (15-20 dirhams by taxi) and the excellent Ibn Battuta Mall is only 10 minutes away.Our main disappoint was the much vaunted unusual outdoor leisure deck/swimming pool area on the 11th and 12th floors which if you like the sun and want to sunbathe has a sunbathing deck that we thought was badly designed with very little sunbathing space and very little sun for most of the day. So consequently we like others headed off for the beach most days. Nevertheless the Bonnington Jumeirah Lakes Towers was great value for money and we would definitely consider staying there again.	
Nov 10 2009 	Most impressed with this 5 star hotel	Travelled to Dubai in October for business. This hotel was fantastic everything you would expect from a five star hotel and it was located close to where a lot of my business contacts were.The staff were very professional and friendly and anything I asked them about theycould direct me - nothing was a problem for them.It was real 5 star treatment as you would expect in a 5 star hotel - will be booking it again on my next trip in a few months.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great rooms but room for improvement.....	Stayed here for 3 nights. The hotel is during it's 'soft' opening stage so the rooms were relatively cheap compared to similar hotels in the area. Arrived late to be told that the executive lounge was not yet open. As this was advertised as part of my package i queried this and was told that i would be given use of the mini-bar. We went up to the room and it was stunning. A reasonably sized lounge area with desk, a large bedroom immaculately presented with access to a balcony and alarge bathroom with 2 sinks and a freestanding deep bath. There was alsoa toilet and large walk in shower. First impressions were fantastic.I wanted a bath but there was no hot water. It was possible i was the first person to stay in this room and maintenance came and had fixed the problem within 45 minutes. At the 'soft' opening stage you can expect and forgive teething problems. The mini-bar was empty so had to get a drink delivered to the room. In the morning i asked for the mini bar to be stocked due to the executive lounge not being open and was told that mini-bars were not yet in use but could be used as a fridge. I was told i could have free muffins and fruit juices in the restaurant throughout the day instead. I asked if there would be some use of the bar included in lieu of the lounge but this was not agreed.The buffet breakfast was of a poor standard when compared to e.g the Hilton Jumeirah. The complimentary water in the room was never replenished nor were the tea and coffee facilities stocked. Another annoyance was after going to bed for a few hours in the afternoon for a sleep, we placed the 'do not disturb' light on....an hour later we were rung to ask when the cleaner's could get in.....do not disturb should mean exactly that!In summary the hotel is of a very high standard visually and the bar is very cool and the decor of a very high standard. On completion i'm sure the hotel will be fantastic. The staff were very friendly although still obviously coming to terms with their roles. Would i pay the full price upon completion? Probably not i think there are better hotels in the area but if you have the budget it would be worth giving it a try as im sure in time it will be a great stay .Finally on checking in they take a credit card as security. On checking out and paying with my debit card i was told thay had taken the full amount off my credit card and it would be refunded in 14 days which i was not happy about so check when you check in.	
Nov 7 2009 	Great apartment but location is not as good...	I chose this apartment mainly because it was doing a soft launch offer (AED 550 per night), everything looked brand new (on their website) and it had a washing/dryer machine!! Having spent the previous week in India, we wanted to stay somewhere that I could do the laundry! (Although later on I found out that you have to have your own washing tablets as it's not provided!)We stayed here for 4 nights in November and the facilities at the 1 bedroom apartment were amazing. Nice and well equipped kitchen, spacious living room and bedroom and we even had 2 toilets!! And the gym was really great and even had 2 pilate plates! Location wise, there are still a lot of construction sites going on, but in the room you can't hear a thing!! However, you have to go everywhere on a taxi and there are no restaurants near by (apart from the ones within hotels) and although the taxi is fairly cheap in Dubai, it does add up quite quickly. :D I was told the metro (5 mins walk from the hotel) would be in operation in Feb 2010 so I guess it would be a lot of help! Also, you really have to remember HOW you come into the hotel as most of the taxi drivers aren't familiar with the hotel as the hotel is so new and there are no names on the road! But it's really not that hard as the direction is pretty easy to remember. We only had problem the very first time when we came from the airport and our taxi driver had to go into another apartment to ask for directions. (Basically it's the 1st exit from the highways for Jumeriah Lakes Towers, and then take the left turn when the road splits and you'll see a sign for Bonnington Towers)Overall, it's a really great apartment though I am not too sure whether I'd come back... Only coz there are going to be so many other newer hotels/apartments in Dubai the next time I come to Dubai and I'd like to experience a different place!	
Nov 4 2009 	Nice room awful location	The quality of the rooms are the only plus point here, the staff all try hard to please and are very pleasant. The pool area is miserable, much smaller than it appears in the photos and looks out onto a huge dusty building site, there is nowhere to walk to and the only access to the Bonnington is by car or taxi but beware the signs are virtually non existent and on the four occasions I took a taxi it got lost every time! There are no road names so you have to rely on asking directions from one of the hundreds of construction workers in the area. If you are unfortunate enough to end up there your only hope is to take a taxi to one of the nearby beach hotels for the day but this comes at a high price as the beach hotels i.e. Meridien charge 160 AED per head per day plus the cost of your taxi. We booked in for 5 nights, my wife left for home after 2 and I stayed for 4 as I was visiting the Abu Dhabi F1 GP. We were both very disappointed with the set up and very please to leave. The hotel manager is a very pleasant fellow but has also had enough and is leaving or has now left so that should give you some idea of the situation, In my opinion they would have been better to not open the hotel until much more of the development is complete! Finally they have some major problem with internet access and were unable in 4 days to sort it out, and dont rely on a good breakfast, the buffet is awful.	
Nov 4 2009 	Comfortable 1 bedroom with quality finish	We have just spent 6 days at The Bonnington in a 1 bedroom apartment. The apartments are very well finished with ample sleeping and bathroom facilities. The area is far from finished but never the less this did not spoil our break. The main problem I found was that when coming back from a night out a lot of the taxi companies did not know the location of the tower and we got lost several times at the beginning.Just bring the map located on your hotel access card. We had breakfast once and a snack at night which was fine. Also taxi seem to charge more for picking up from Bonnington. Alcohol is expensive in Dubai so my tip is to visit Duty Free at the airport to stock up. Staff at the hotel were very friendly and went out of their way to accommodate. The pool area is lovely but there aren't that many sun loungers so we went to the beach most days.Having a washing machine etc was ideal as we could do laundry during our trip, great when you have a child. All in all a good hotel, although not quite on the beach not far away.	
Nov 1 2009 	Good value but disappointing stay. Not yet a 5-star hotel.	As a corporate traveler, I regularly log over 200+ hotel nights a year, and have been fortunate to stay at some of the finest hotels in the world. My recent stay at the Bonnington did not meet my expectations for level of hotel service, but offers decent value for a short-term stay at a great price. This hotel is NOT recommended for families on vacation, romantic weekend, or any guests looking for a polished five-star hotel upon which Dubai builds its famous reputation.To be fair, the Bonnington is in the midst of a &quot;soft-launch&quot; while in preparation for their Jan 2009 grand opening. I discovered the Bonnington while doing a price seach on one of the online travel websites, and noticed an abnormally low-price for five-star hotel in Dubai. Upon further review of the Bonnington's website, it looked like a great deal! I previously lived in Dubai, so figured a single night would allow me to determine whether to consider the Bonnington for future visits.First, the location is pretty decent, but exterior landscaping and appearance is poor. The hotel is located in the Jumeriah Lakes area, with close proximity to the Marina and the &quot;New Dubai&quot; beach resorts, as well as close proximity to the new metro station. However, this area is still under heavy construction, with adjacent buildings in various states of repair. The Bonnington itself is only half-finished, with only floors 1-7 open, and the garage and exterior landscaping still giving the appearance of, well, a live construction yard. The interior hotel lobby has not yet been fully opened, and a make-shift side counter was being used as the temporary reception area for hotel guests.Second, the check-in process needs to be greatly improved. At most hotels, check-in is a fairly quick process, perhaps 10min max. The Bonnington kept us waiting for about 20 min+, primarily due to IT difficulties and strange key card issues. Because the systems are so new, my reservation was unable to be located, even though I had a confirmation code and confirmed reservation. The front desk seemed to realize this, and gave me a room anyway. The staff seemed to have problems creating a hotel room key though, as the attendant instructed me to sit for a moment as it would take a few minutes. I then watched while her colleague run quickly to a back room, up a flight of stairs, to what I assume was a back office, create a key, and then return back down the stairs and give the key to guests. This process took about 10-15minutes, all the while I was thinking, &quot; &quot;How strange! Wouldn't it be more efficient to simply keep the key maker on the desk in front of you?&quot;Finally, the hotel service and training needs to be greatly improved. Overall, the staff was professional and courteous, but I had the sense that the majority of the staff either started that week, or perhaps even that day itself, with little or no training. The singularly worst trait I noticed was the staff attempts to disparately cover up the lack of internet in the building. Throughout our entire stay, you could see the lobby area filled with hotel guests trying to logon to the internet to no avail. When asked for assistance, I heard multiple comments that &quot;the network was down&quot;, or &quot;internet would be available soon&quot;, or &quot;we are working on the problem&quot;. Ultimately, the truth was that the public system was not yet operational, and the temporary internal router was overloaded. Instead, the hotel should have stated that they would be unable to offer internet access to its guests, and allow guests to find alternate means of gaining access to the internet. Overall, the hotel is still working through its many issues, and has a long way to go.The rooms itself are as depicted in the photos, but perhaps smaller than I expected. Once inside the room, you are back in 5-star level of comfort, with comfy bed, nice toiletries, flat-screen TV, great movie channels, robe, slippers, big bathroom, etc. The pool and gym are open and acceptable for an urban hotel, and had great views over Dubai.I've often used tripadvisor as a reliable resource for hotel reviews, but was surprised to see the vast differences in my own experience. I can only assume that the other reviews are referring to the residential apartments located in the same building, and not the hotel rooms in which I stayed. It was also interesting to see that the interior finishes are very similar to one of my favorite hotels, the Dubai Grovesnor House, but utimately fails as a poor comparison using lesser-grade materials and skimping on corners where it could. Our entire hotel experience at the Bonnington had the sense of a hotel that opened earlier than it should have, but figured it could make some money by charging paying guests for an unfinished hotel.	
Oct 27 2009 	Fantastic	Stayed here for 8 nights in October and absoloutley loved it. The staff were always smiling and very helpful. We were definatly looked after.My Fourth visit to dubai and am comparing against previously staying at the Habtoor Grand, Hilton Jumeirah, Traders by Shangri La and Golden Sands 3.We had a 1 bedroom apartment which consisted of having a queen bed in the master bedroom and 1 king bed in the kids sleeping area, a lounge with 2 sofas and and massive lcd tv, a kitchen area not to mention 3 toilets and 2 showers/bath. Vey clean. some appliances/utensils were so new that we were peeling the packaging off.A lovely balcony but as with most of Dubai, a lot of construction going on nearby but it doesn't matter where you stay you will not escape this. Location wise and an idea on taxi costs; we used to take a taxi (10 dirhams) to the Nakheel Harbour metro station which is about 5 mins away, from there take the metro for 2.5 dirhams to the mall of emirates and sometimes for 5-7 dirhams further into the city.Beachwise; a taxi for 15 dirhams to an area close at the jumeirah beach residence called the walk, there is a free open beach to enjoy here along with multitude of restaurants and cafes to suit all budgets ranging from KFC to top end restaurants. A taxi to the mall of emirates from the hotel costs 26 dirhams, taxi a bit further away to jumeirah beach park costs 40 dirhams. The taxi to the airport from the hotel costs only 62 dirhams on the meter. Soon these taxi costs could be done away with as there is a metro station being built walking distance from the Bonnington.The marina mall is also close by, if you do not have children you could walk it. There is a waitrose supermarket at this mall. Also Ibn batatuta mall is about 5 mins away aswell, under 20 dirhams in the taxi, great for stocking up on water etc.All in all a lovely hotel at a decent location and will get even better when the metro station nearby will be completed.	
Oct 21 2009 	Excellent hotel and service - Top value for money at the moment!	We just came back from a marvelous 5-day leisure trip to Dubai, a true &quot;city of the future&quot;! Our stay at Bonnington hotel and residences was incredible and really added too much to our entire vacation!Bonnington tower is an impressive multi-storey building (incl. hotel rooms and residency apartments), built in a modern and luxurious architecture and offering all the amenities that somebody would expect from a top-class 5-star hotel - and even more! It is mostly business-oriented, but it is great for any type of travelers (such as ourselves - a couple in a vacation trip). We stayed at an 1-bedroom deluxe apartment at the 21st floor, which was stylish, roomy and made our stay really comfortable: Great king-size bed, en-suite bathroom, separate toilet, living room and kitchen. Not to mention the two LCD TV sets (32-inch in the room and 50-inch in the living room). It even had a spacious balcony, from which you could enjoy the views of Jumeirah lakes and the surrounding towers. The highlight of the hotel was in our opinion the leisure deck at the 11th floor, which included a magnificent infinity pool and a superb hot-jacuzzi, as well as a fitness room, sauna-rooms etc.The surrounding area is still under construction (artificial lakes, green areas, towers) but when completed (in about 6 months, as they told us), it will be one of the hotel's greatest advantages. Location-wise, it is a little far from the old city centre, but quite close to all the new areas being developed in Dubai, as well as already well-known places, like the Palm Jumeirah, the Mall of Emirates, the Dubai Marina and a beautiful pedestrian walk (called &quot;the Walk&quot;). Of course, this hotel is not for someone who wants to be right next to the beach. Great advantage will also be the new metro station (only a few minutes walk from the hotel), but no problem at all that it is not ready yet, as taxis in Dubai are extremely cheap. The hotel is currently in a soft-opening period, which means that not all of its restaurants and bars are open yet. However, this did not affect our stay whatsoever. Last but not least, the staff and the service they offer. In one word &quot;amazing&quot;, and we thank them a lot once more for that! My wife and I have visited many hotels around the world, but the staff at Bonnington were by far the best we have come across with. Concierge, Front Desk, restaurant, lounge, pool bar: all employees were friendly (and smiling), warm and really helpful to everything we asked for. One characteristic example is the night we arrived at the hotel (late check-in): it was after midnight, when I asked for an adaptor for my laptop charger, they immediately sent a guy from the engineering department to look at my problem, who returned after 5 minutes with the adaptor at hand! Thus, I was able to connect to the internet right away, and not wait until morning comes... Further, the Head of Concierge and Guest relations is just the right person to plan your city tours and excursions (even if you go there without the slightest idea of what Dubai is like), and really helped us a lot with all the planning throughout our stay (Thanks a lot Duminda!)The only problem we faced during the entire stay was that the complimentary wireless internet was not working very well at our apartment, and had to go to the lobby a few times to check on e-mails etc. Of course, we did not give them a hard time on that, as it was attributed to the soft-opening period. In conclusion, this hotel is an excellent choice in Dubai. And it is top value for money at the moment, as they charge quite low rates due to their soft-opening period and the incomplete surroundings. My wife and I are already missing Bonnington tower, and will be definitely coming back soon!	
Oct 13 2009 	Fantastic apartment very friendly and helpful staff .	we stayed at The Bonnington 2 weeks ago , the hotel is beautifuly finished and the staff are extremly helpful and poilite , we usually stay with relatives when visiting Dubai so were unsure how our visit would be , but i am pleased to say we had a brillant stay , unfortunatly whilst staying in Dubai i broke my ankle , and i can only praise the staff for their kindness and concern that they expressed through out our stay . nothing was to much trouble.A brilliant hotel with 5 star facilites I would throughly reccomend it to anyone visiting Dubai thanks Bonnington team .	
Sep 15 2009 	i live here	this is a hotel as well as serviced apartments for people that want to live there, i went to look around it and i am now living there. It is a fantastic hotel, great maid service, very friendly staff, a pool area that is out of this world, especially at night! ok so there is building work, but there is everywhere, its dubai! and so far iv not noticed any noise! its a fantastic location with the marina just across the road, the beach is a short taxi ride away, its perfect. the furnishings in the apartments are very luxurious. brilliant place to stay on holiday and to live! wouldnt go anywhere else	
Sep 1 2009 	Its got to be a 6 star Hotel!!!	This was our first trip to Dubai and we were not to sure what to expect as we had been given mixed reviews about the quality of some of the hotels, however we were really amazed at Bonnington Towers! It was not just the designer look and the quality of the rooms, the fluffy towels, the lovely toiletries and the gorgeous rain shower, but the staff seem to take a real pride in the place too.One of the guys at the lesuire deck saw us arrive and gave us a full tour, explaining that you can even play your own DVD when your in the sauna!! There was a steam room too but in the heat of the summer we didnt use it. The gym was alll brand new with power plates (which my gym back home charges for!!) and the pool water was chilled which was really refreshing and there was also a hot tub which was great too with amazing views from the pool.There is still work going on around the area but we never really noticed it and location wise it was great for the beach, the shopping malls and the restaurants for the evening - would recommend the Buda Bar at Grosvenor Hotel - lovely place, great vibe and fab food with top service.I cant wait to go back here - it was so much better than we ever thought and I would not stay anywhere else. The Hotel also told us that the new metro line will run right next to the hotel when it opens on the 9th of September so that will be even better when we go next time, but taxis were cheap (about £3 to the Buda Bar, £5 to the mall) so we had no bother.So jealous of anyone else going, you will have a fantastic time - enjoy!!!!	
Aug 10 2009 	A Great Jumeirah Lakes/Dubai Marina Address	If you're up for staying away from the hustle of downtown and you happen to like modern luxury living and attentive service, then I would recommend this chic place. The 5 of us took a 3-Bedroom apartment and the amenities were lovely: stocked modern kitchen, comfy furniture, luxe bath products, amazing views (try the higher floors). Ours was on the 34th. The staff is friendly and accommodating, even if they, too need some time to get used to the property. Housekeeping literally folded our clothes that were strewn across the bedrooms. We liked that!At the time of writing this review, the hotel had only one food &amp; beverage venue open (note that they just opened a few months ago and are still working on ironing all the kinks and adding more food venues.) I would definitely go back to enjoy the hotel at its full capacity.	
Jul 14 2009 	Best Apartment in Dubai	The Bonnington Jumeirah Lakes Towers is one of the best apartments i have stayed in Dubai. The hotel is newly opened and infact i was one of its first guests. The area is still under a lot of construction but when you are in the apartments you hardly hear any noise. The management and staff made very welcome and offered extra services to make me more comfortable. The apartment itself was stunning with a fully equipped kitchen, lovely interior, bedrooms and sitting with a balcony overlooking the Jumeirah lakes. It was very luxurious to say the least. Location wise its a bit off the city centre but taxi to the Mall of the Emirates is about 28AED or less. I believe that it will be one of the most sought after hotels/apartments in no time. I am looking forward to going back in August.	
Nov 10 2009 	Excellentes prestations. Accueil chaleureux.		
