Nov 17 2009 	grotty	This is an Aparthotel in need of redecoration and refurbishment in rooms. Although clean, and some of the fittings in the bathroom appeared to be new, the tiles around the Bath were disgusting. The Hotel is in the middle of the business district and is totally unsuitable for a short leisure break as it's over 40 minutes away from the Jumeirah Beach Area.	
May 3 2009 	Decent Budget Hotel	My husband and I stayed here for a long weekend. The reception staff were very pleasant and helpful. When we checked in, there was leak in the bathroom ceiling that was promptly repaired. The breakfast was more than adequate. It was a good, solid budget hotel.	
Mar 26 2009 	Don't stay at The Pearl Residence unless you are desperate!	I stayed at Pearl Residence on a 2 day stop-over en route to New Zealand and then another 2 days on the way back to South Africa.First of all, in South African terms, this hotel is pricey. At around R1 500 per night, the same money would get you a top hotel in SA. In Dubai, this hotel is no frills, ugly and the staff really couldn't care less.From the outside, Pearl Residence looks quite nice with it's slick mirrored windows. That's about as good as it gets. The hotel is situated in the Burj area which is the older part of Dubai and about 5 minutes walk from Burjuman shopping mall which has a lovely selection of shops.My first room was situated on the first floor. The room had a basic kitchenette with a fridge, microwave, stove (which didn't work) and some basic cutlery and crockery. There was no kettle so not being able to make tea/coffee was a bit of a downer. The decor was stuck in the 80's and pretty ugly. The beds were hard and the linen threadbare. The small TV worked but only had 4 channels - of which 2 were English.I'd advise you to bring along your own bath towel as the bathroom had only a hand towel. On the plus side, the room was clean and had a working iron and ironing board.The breakfast buffet served every morning is pretty much the same every day. There is a small selection of items including cold cereals, juices, breads, cooked eggs, sausage, noodles with peas and a curried dish.The second room I stayed in was on the 5th floor. My travel agent had arranged an early check-in for me, but this time I had to wait 3 hours in the lobby for the room to be ready. After a 22 hour flight, this was not exactly a pleasant experience. There was a strong and constant gas odour as many other reviewers have noted. This room seemed a little more updated decor-wise but still 80's style with the same threadbare linen on a hard bed. I didn't test the stove out this time.There was a sparkling pool on the roof which I discovered on my second stay, as well as a small gym. I didn't test out either.The reception staff are absolutely not interested in helping out / giving advice. They wouldn't even call me a taxi! Don't even bother with them. They seemed anxious and irritated when ever I approached them. All in all, not a pleasant stay in a very basic hotel. Only stay here if you have no where else to go. You have been warned!	
Feb 23 2009 	the reception peaple are rude	dat place is depressing,,the staff is very not friendly,and they was always a shortage of toiletrys and the male receptions are very rude..wud neva go back to that hotel	
May 15 2008 	Don't be fooled by its looks	The hotel looks good from the outside but the interior has much to be desired. Rooms are spacious but depressing. Bathrooms leaked. The location is good as there is a shopping mall just behind the hotel. Also, the night market during the shopping festival is walking distance. Although, if you want to go to the Mall of the emirates or Jumeirah beach, it is a distance.If you do decide on this hotel, it is difficult to find a taxi on the road. Rather go to the mall and get a taxi from there.Avoid traffic between 4 and 6pm.	
Apr 1 2008 	Basic Tacky Only for Business!	My husband and i, and our 15yr old daughter stayed in Pearl Residence on a stopover. The hotel is located in an average area, that I would not recommend for holidays. The foyer was tacky and the furnishings in general were very average. The room we stayed in had a bedroom with ensuite, seperate living area and kitchenette and seperate toilet. The walls were painted an awful pastel green and the couch and chairs in the living room were very basic. The bed my daughter slept on in the bedroom was fine but the sheets were threadbare and barely fit the bed! There were visible stains, and the room did not feel properly cleaned at all. The staff were very friendly and helpful though, and spoke english very well. The porters took our bags with no complaint up the front entrance stairs as we got out of the taxi. The receptionist was very helpful and friendly and organized a dhow dinner cruise for us that night.I would only recommend this hotel if you are staying in Dubai on business or on a stopover (and you only want to sleep!), and are looking to save money. The hotel is near empty construction lots and a taxi is needed to get to the tourists spots. I would not recommend staying in Bur Dubai area or Deira for those on holiday. However it was reasonably close to the airport.	
Feb 29 2008 	Overpriced	I stayed in the Pearl Residence Hotel for 2 night stopver in Dubai.The rooms are very big and relatively clean. For some or other reason my room smelled like gas was leaking. I thought the hotel was a bit overpriced for the location and general rundown feeling it had.Staff service was efficient.You have to walk down to reception for wireless internet voucher which is inconvenient and expensive.The hotel is however 150 meteres walk from a large mall which is convenient.In conclusion not to bad, but it just has a rundown feeling.	
Oct 1 2007 	Not what it was cracked up to be.	We too stayed at Pearl Residence and were sadly dismayed.Our voucher stated we had twin beds but were allocated adouble.(I was with my sister) So we were eventually given our room but we had paid for a superior room and were given a studio.We first arived on Sept.3rd for 2 nights and the internet was not working then OR when we returned on Sept. 14th and 15th.The same scenario greeted us then too .! A double not a twin.When asked at reception to change 100 dirhams into something smaller, we were told to go to the supermarket to do so!On our first visit a guest asked for an umbrella to sit under at the pool for some shade,And was told they don't have any!On our return visit I noticed 2 brand NEW umbrellas were in place.(At least they took notice!)We were on the 4th floor and there was always a smell that was overpowering.We too were advised of this hotel by the travel agent &quot;cos of the 24 hr check in.Would Not stay there again.	
Sep 15 2007 	Disappointing	Found the Pearl Residence disappointing for the price (around $200 AU per night) - expected much better. We had a one room apartment which was very spacious but the 1980's decor was very tired and the room was quite dirty (found old food in fridge, blankets dirty, floor dirty, shower curtain with mould, stains on walls etc). Smoke smell prevalent which made me feel quite ill. The 'free' breakfast was also disappointing - very limited in variety and food very ordinary tasting. Staff service was ok but refused to book taxis for us. Internet service in lobby was not working. Booked through travel agent. The only reason we stayed here was due to the 24hr checkin service which was fine.Definately would not stay here again nor recommend it.	
Apr 16 2007 	Great budget hotel!	We were 3 girls going on my hen to Dubai and this was a great place. Close to all the local expat clubs and bars, cheap and cheerful. I emailed them lots of silly questions before travelling and they were happy to obilge. Staff were friendly, rooms clean. Would stay there again.	
Jan 31 2007 	Great Place To Stay	If you are planning to use the Pearle Residence in Dubai, do not hesitate do not worry about the other reviews, what excellent service did we receive from this hotel. From the moment we where received at the airport by the chauffer to the day we checked out we really felt at home .The staff was always friendly and helpfull. We were treated as if we were the only guests. The rooms where neat and clean, any request that was given to the staff was dealt with promptly, be it room service or requesting for the porter. The breakfast was also delicious. Bottom line, you will receive 5 star treatment at the hotel. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK GUYS, WILL Definitely USE THIS HOTEL AGAIN.Rafee TajudienCape Town. South Africa	
Nov 21 2006	bad business practices	Our travel agent booked 2 apartments for us for a 3 night stay. We had our record locator and confirmation on hand once we arrived at check-in. The manager on duty refused to honor the confirmed rate that we were quoted and insisted that we pay 3 times the amount if wanted to stay there! We refused and decided to stay elsewhere. The manager then said that he would charge our credit card the first night rate of $259 as a cancellation fee if we left. I travel extensively for business and for pleasure and have never experienced such blatant &quot;thievery&quot;. I would not recommend this hotel. Beware! I have sent a complaint letter to ATEL and I am waiting for a reply. On a positive note, we stayed at the Savoy Apartments right down the road which was wonderful. Nice rooms with a kind and helpful staff.	
Nov 5 2006 	Great place to stay	I Stayed here with my daughter for the second time the first time in 2005 when we had a great time, the apartment was great, weather fantastic. This time unfortunately we had a nice apartment but it was on the front of the hotel and we hardly had any sleep due to traffic most of the night and then people going to work. When we booked through expedia we specifically asked for a high floor and twin beds we got neither so dont seem to take notice of requests, I paid quite alot of for the 6 nights as it was school holidays .I would return here and probably will but certainly not to room108.The staff are very friendly and helpul and the pool area well looked after and never crowded. We ate at the restaurant alot and had room service which was all of a good standard and the cleaning of the apartment was fantastic.	
Jul 31 2006	Not the real Dubai !	This hotel reads very well on the internet and was recommended by Emirates Air. Very disappointing, we required 24 hour check in after long flight. This did not happen satisfactorily. We, and other families waited in reception from 7am till after 10am to get into our rooms. When you have limited time in Dubai you just want to get cleaned up and into it. They did give us a very ordinary breakfast in a makeshift dining room. There are renovations going on so I presume a dining room is coming (although there are no signs to indicate this).Having stayed in Dubai previously I found Pearl Apartments very disappointing (value for money)compared to where I have stayed before.To its credit the apartments were spacious and clean.	
Jul 30 2006 	Not with a baby	We had a one night stopover here with our one year old and it was not a happy experience. Customer service is non existent and facilities for children were equally lacking. The cot provided was old and dangerous, the rooms stank of smoke and looked very old and tired. We booked this through Emirates airlines and were very disappointed.	
Jul 13 2006	Pearl Residence - An Excellent Budget Base To Explore Dubai	Good quality hotel suites in the heart of Bur Dubai just behind the Bur Juman shopping centre. Excellent service all round and the rooms are large and comfortable. Roof top pool area is a bit spartan with little shade but they don't have much room to play with.	
Jun 24 2006	Loved the Pearl Residence	I stayed over at the Pearl Residence on my way out and back from New Zealand ...I thoroughly enjoyed my stay ... no complaints and the staff were friendly helpful and very efficient the room I stayed in had recently been refubished and was perfectI will definitely stay there again	
Apr 5 2006	Good Stop Over Hotel	We used this hotel as a stopover in Dubai from India, while returning to London. It’s a nice hotel, clean rooms or apartment rooms are clean and well presented. There is a nice shopping Mall next the apartments, opposite the apartments are some more apartments (which were being built when we went).The one disadvantage we had was with the rep, who was organising the desert safaris! She was so rude…we ended up booking independently and we got a better deal. For example the hotel rep had organised the safari during the day with hotel guests. Where as we booked independently and went in the evening! Much better!Anyways the hotel has a nice small restaurant, and they do good breakfast. They have a roof top swimming pool, small gym, saunas and Arcade rooms. The location is ok but taxis are available to often in this area, so there is no problem getting to places!All in all its good for what you pay!	
Mar 14 2006	good value	This hotel/apt is in a great location near a large supermarket.The pool is ok not great and no shade ..The rooms are large and clean ..I would say its very good value for money ..	
Feb 26 2006	Would not book again	On our return to Australia from the UK we stayed 5 nights at the Pearl Residence. Accomodation was fine ie. clean and tidy.The first 2 rooms that were appointed were not suitable as we had requested adjoining rooms for the children,however they did sort this out after a bit of a wait!Arriving in the early hours of the morning it would have been nice to have tea/coffee in the room as they did have a fully fited kitchen but a bottle of water from the mini bar helped.The inclusive breakfast was not not very good and therefore chose to eat out or buy in our own and cook.Staff, I found were not the friendliest and lacked customer service.The worst part was closing down the pool for maintenance 3 days into our holiday and not letting anyone know that it would be out of use for a week!Having 3 kids who like to use the pool this was certainly a downside.For anyone going to stay here I would say it is fine if all you are after is a basic holiday.Dubai itself was very good and we would return but not to the Pearl Residence.	
Nov 16 2005	Good servicequietclean rooms.	We stayed two days at Pearl Residences on our way from Australia to Europe and on return. As we arrived at 5am in the morning and departed at 2:30am in the morning we appreciated the 24 hour check-in/check out facility. No waiting for a room when all you want is a shower and some sleep after a long flight.Room was clean,spacious and simply furnished, consisting of bedroom, sitting area and well equiped kitchen nook with refrigerator,cook-top and microwave. Bathroom was plain but clean with shower over bath.Good supply of towels. Washing machine and dryer in the building basement.Our room was on the fourth floor at the side and was very quiet. No noisy nightclub downstairs which is a plus. The buffet breakfast is excellent with a good choice of hot and cold dishes.Reception area is plain and simple and staff spoke good english and were helpful. Location is a bit of a walk from the Creek in hot weather but taxis are cheap and plentiful. Just a short walk to the huge Bur Juman shopping center. Resturants nearby on Khalid bin al-Waleed Rd.Quiet, clean and good value.	
Sep 15 2005	Enjoyed our stay	Had a pleasant stay at the apartment. The apartment was spacious, kept clean, service was excellent and accessible to all sites. Good value for money.	
Nov 8 2009 	hotel malhonete		
Apr 4 2008 	Beide Augen zugedrückt		
Feb 21 2007 	J'y retournerai		
