	Everything perfect...	The Burj al Arab is FABULOUS. I will never be able to say enough about this place and the people who work there and looked after us. We just loved it and want to return one day. The focus was on service and you get what you pay for. The suite was awesome, the views spectacular over the Arabian Gulf, the butlers and other personnel attended to our every need and made us feel completely at ease. The night time turn down service was a a great experience (for me at least - I don't think my husband noticed, except I know he loves his Burj slippers and flip flops) - I got chocolates one night, foot balm another, a Burj al Arab fan on another and then some la prarie face cream another night. The bathroom was large and beautifully decorated, as was the whole place. The toiletries were all Hermes and I just couldn't leave them when we left, even though they were full size bottles. The room service is great - we had an absolute feast in our room and enjoyed every bit of it. We loved Al Mahara and Al Mantaha - Al Mahara was VERY special with the 'trip' on the sub to get to the restaurant. The food at Al Mahara was divine - I can't stop thinking about the seafood platter I had there. Breakfast was easy going and well-presented - there was a big selection to choose from in the various restaurants. A buggy picked us up and took us to their private beach. It was hot but the attendants brought us iced water and made sure we had an umbrella. The water was so warm. It was an unbelievable experience swimming and floating in the waves in the shelter of the beautiful Burj al Arab. There is a swimming pool upstairs in the hotel (actually two pools I think - mixed and ladies only) and it was such a pleasure to swim there - once again the opulence was out of this world. There is security at the front gate, so (I think) only those who have booked a tour or tea, or are lucky enough to be staying are admitted. There was no awkwardness and no unexpected or unpleasant surprises. It was pure luxury and pampering. Absolute attention to detail. We liked Dubai and our holiday experience there, and staying at the Burj al Arab was pure pleasure for us.	
	The best	This hotel speaks a bit of how the wealthy lives in Arabia. It captures the culture.The best experience I have had, and you can just stay in the hotel 24/7 - not that you would with the worldof Dubai outside.	
Nov 26 2009 	Been there done that!!	We stayed four nights at the burj. Truly incredible. The staff and the hotel (can I even call it a hotel?) leaves nothing out, and you pay for everything. The other reviews will tell you about all the great amenities so I will focus on those areas that I wish were in the other reviews. this review is for average joes, like us, who once again want to say “been there, done that.” Lastly, First, we are on a country count. We try not to visit the same country/destination twice. And while we will visit Dubai again as a springboard to other Middle Eastern destinations, we will not stay at the burj again, because it is a destination in and of itself. FYI. Location is great and you can walk to the market/mall where there are plenty of restaurants.Breakfast. Nice but average. No mimosas. You would think for $1,500 /night, you could get complimentary Champaign. However, the all you could eat filet was nice and similar to what you would get at LGs or The Cut.Cigar Lounge. I am a cigar aficionado so this was one of the highlights. Ski Dubai—You have to do it. Not Vail or the alps but definitely a conversation piece.	
Nov 26 2009 	Where are the 7 Stars?	My son, his girlfriend and I were there a few hours ago for Chinese tea. I am quoting her in the title. She wondered at some point in the middle of whole affair what had happened with the seven star service.The tea was more or less OK, but the food was terrible. I have eaten dim sum both in the USA and also in Beijing, so I know what to expect. The food that they served us tasted like something you had cooked a week ago, pulled it out of the refrigerator and warmed it up in the microwave for no more than 5 seconds. Ah!, and the cook had no idea how to cook Chinese food.To make matters worse, I was not allowed to use my video camera due to &quot;privacy concerns.&quot; In case you are wondering, we payed the equivalent to $75 dollars each for this affair.I wouldn't recommend it to anybody. Do something else while in Dubai and save your money.	
Nov 23 2009 	Unbelieveable!!	Stayed here for two nights on honeymoon.From the moment you arrive and the moment we lleft we were treated like VIPS. The rooms are amazing with every gadget you can imagine and amazing views of Dubai. The butlers are discreet, but will do anything for you. Restaurants are expensive, but the food is unbelievably good. Definately 7stars and if we hadn't already paid to stay at Atlantis The Palm for the next 3 days we would have stayed here for longer!	
Nov 17 2009 	We had a great time.	This is a very friendly hotel and nothing is too much trouble, the staff were fantastic and especially in the Aussie bar lol.The rooms were very spacious and the bathroom was nearly as big again.The swimming pool was brilliant and it was like getting in the bath.The lifeguard was continually cleaning and moving the sun beds back when they had been moved.Breakfast was also good, with a variety of choice.Could not fault this hotel, even though we have not scored it high for location, we had a car to get around, which was fun but you got used to it very quickly.	
Nov 12 2009 	Extraordinary experience	I did not think any hotel could exceed the expectations of my imagination, however this resort did. It certainly is not inexpensive, but worth every penny. Along with the break taking state-of-the-art facilities the service is second to none. Our suite was two-stories and over 3600 sq feet; it was exquisitely appointed and had every luxury. Once in the room, the entire suite can be controlled by in-wall touch pads or handheld touch screens: this included curtains, opening the front door, lighting, sound, calling the butler, security/security cameras, etc. The fitness center and indoor pool area was also a treat. After a long massage I hit the cedar sauna and the menthol infused steam room – I was so relaxed I could barely make it to the room. Later that evening we took advantage of the indoor infinity pool (beautiful!). One thing that really caught us off-guard was the fact that no matter what area we visited in the facility they addressed us by name. It is still a mystery to us as to how they accomplished that, whether by technology or memorization we were still impressed and amazed!The food in the hotel was very good, but not quite as impressive as the hotel facilities and service. If you truly want to be pampered and amazed I recommend going. We are looking forward to our next visit (after we save up some money! Ha).	
Nov 12 2009 	Robots	The interior of the hotel is amazing, the view from the hotel is the best you'll see in Dubai (until the tower opens). Food - I have had better and I've had much more variety for the buffet in other 5 star hotels.Service - Staff are very polite but lack 'personality', they are very robotic as if they have been programmed to give their specific answers, a little personality would go a long way &quot;The hotel generally has a very cold feeling to it, I would class it as a good 5 star hotel, definitely not worth pay so much.	
Nov 11 2009 	Simply Splendid! Service is 2nd to none Unforgettable experience!	I booked a reservation for lunch at one of their restaurants called &quot;Al Iwan&quot; it was located at the second floor lobby. The food is excellent, only the best, from seafood, meat, cheese, great appetizers and the best of Arabic cuisine. I got a table overlooking the gulf. Escellent service, staff are very attentive to details and of course to your needs, fine dining at its highest level, The &quot;Christofle&quot; silverwares are worth mentioning. What is so amazing is with all of these arrays of food and feast, they will still ask you if you prefer any other meal and they will gladly cook it the way you desire, since they know I'm a Filipino and theres a lot of staff from the Philippines, they offer if I want some Filipino food and they will cook it for me, this service is just above and beyond.One of the staff gave me a private tour on the bar in the top floor where afternoon tea are being served, where people are enjoying their fine teas and scones and pasries with a relaxing music from a piano player. I saw the Ballroom area where special events are being held like weddings, etc. where you can see a rare multicolored marble and 21,500 square feet of 22-karat gold leaf embellish this symbol of new Arabia. Burj al Arab is a cool oasis of unfathomable luxury. It creates an over the top impression from the moment you enter its atrium lobby (at 600 ft, the worlds tallest) to the moment they take you underneath the submerged seafood restaurant beneath the gulf. I still linger for a little bit more trying to absorb all these beauty sorrounding me by having a table at the lobby to sip a fine cappuccino and enjoy the view of the Jumeira Beach below the narrow winding bridge that connects the hotel to the mainland. Staff are quick enough to come to your table to offer you a Wall Street Journal while you are enjoying your cofee or tea with your complimentary delectable piece of Arab cake. This is definitely one of the 1,000 Places to See Before You Die....(Page 414 of the Book)	
Nov 11 2009 	Not worth the money- a disaster!	We booked to experience the culinary flight whilst staying in Dubai. What a nightmare! The experience took 5 hours and was only memorable in that I have never spent so much money on such poor food with deplorable service and extraordinary long waits between courses. An experience never to repeat!!!!!	
Nov 9 2009 	High Tea at the Sky View Bar	I travelled to Dubai earlier this year and on the top of my to do list was High Tea at the Burj Al Arab Sky View Bar. This had been made out to be one of the &quot;must do's&quot; on your visit to Dubai. The experience on arrival at the hotel was amazing. The hotel structure was better than it was ever made out to be. The lift ride to the top was amazing. To view spectacular, for what we could see, as it was slightly overcast.On arrival at the Sky view bar we were shown to our table where we were offered champagne to kick off our experience. That was the best part of our afternoon as from there it was down hill. The food served looked un-appealing and as though it had been dumped on the plate. The cakes were relatively tasteless and could even have been slightly stale. All this for hefty price tag. Sadly the food was the least impressive of all the other hotels I dined in, including Raffles and the Inter-continental at Festival City. I would not reccomend this experience to anyone as I think that there is far better value at other hotels, with significantly better quality.	
Nov 8 2009 	Great experience but be prepared to spend	To be clear, I did not stay overnight at the Burj Al Arab, but enjoyed a &quot;day trip&quot; package which included access to the private beach, access to the pool, a massage at the spa, and apetizers with drinks at Junsui, the hotel's Asian-inspired restaurant/lounge. This cost about $300 for two people.The pool was amazing. It has a magnificent view of the city. The massage was short, but very nice. It left my skin feeling smooth and silky.I don't have anything to complain about, except maybe the fact that although our phone confirmation through the concierge at our hotel (JW Marriott) said we would be able to go to the hotel starting at 9 in the morning, when the faxed confirmation was received it listed the time as 11 am.The staff was very courteous and not snobby at all, despite the fact they knew we weren't regular guests.Oh! And the food you can order by the pool was outrageously expensive. Most expensive slice of pizza I've ever had!	
Nov 4 2009 	Culinary Flight at Burj Al Arab	Whilst in Dubai 4 of us booked a Culinary Flight at Burj Al Arab. What a fantastic evening!!!! you basically have a 5 course dinner but you have each course in a different restaurant, a great way to sample the delights of these fantastic restaurants. Cost per person for us was 990 Dirhams per person which equated to about £165 .Start your culinary journey with your aperitif in Al Muntaha, whilst taking in views over The Palm and The World and enjoying your starter. The next course takes you to Junsui, a chic and trendy Asian affair, before discovering the secrets of Al mahara whilst indulging in your main course. Sahn Eddar, being the world's tallest atrium will serve you sweet delights for the finishing touch.Arrive for your Culinary Flight at 6pm for pre-dinner drinks at Sky View Bar. Take in the spectacular view whilst indulging in your first course at Al Muntaha. The next stopover takes you to Al Iwan for your delectable second course. After which you can make your way to Junsui to savour a sumptuous third course. Relish your main course at Al Mahara Restaurant and for the finishing touch; appease your sweet tooth cravings.A must!!!!!!!!!	
Nov 3 2009 	Unforgettable experience	This hotel is everything you see on the television and more. I would never have believed it if I hadn't seen it for myself! The entire hotel took my breath away and is the most unforgettable experience I have ever had in a man made structure	
Oct 31 2009 	A once in a lifetime experience	We went to Dubai specifically to stay in this hotel. We were there to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. From the moment we entered, we were made to feel like an honored guest; we were seated in the lobby, and given dates and coffee while the checkin process took place. We were escorted to our room, and a butler unpacked my wife's bags. Every time we left the suite, we were greeted by friendly staff. Every time we returned, we were greeted by friendly staff. No wish would have been too much for them. The suite itself was spacious and comfortable. The bathroom was decadent, complete with immense shower, and jacuzzi tub. It was a fabulous place to stay for 3 nights. Is it worth $2000/night? No; but no place in the world is truly worth that expense. Is it 5 star quality service? Absolutely. We have absolutely no complaints whatsoever about the service; it was top-notch in every way. Even though the expense is off the chart, I would have no qualms about returning and staying there again some day. It was a tremendous experience.	
Oct 29 2009 	Burj Al Arab is unbelievable...	The most luxorious hotel I've ever stayed in. It was truly amazing. Unfortunately technology only goes so far. For example, our &quot;does everything but make your coffee&quot; remote control lost battery power because we left it on the table and not back on the charger. So no one could enter until we figured out how to turn off the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; lock manually (no easy feat!). Also, the highly-touted butler service was inconsistent. The butler on arrival offered to unpack our bags, iron our clothes and make our coffee in the morning. But the morning butler refused to iron citing &quot;company policy&quot; and couldn't operate the in-room coffee machine. So we stood in a decadent two-story $3000 a night suite ironing our own clothes, while our friends' butler did it all for them. Overall good service but could be better. The hotel itself? Breathtaking. At least once in a lifetime thing to do...	
Oct 18 2009 	Unbelievable luxury...and that underwater restaurant...wow	This place get's 10 stars, not 5...My brother and I ate at the underwater Al Mahara restaurant and then went all the way to the top of the building to chill out and have drinks in the &quot;Sky Bar&quot;, Al Muntatha. The Al Mahara was one of the most...no, THE most amazing food experience I have ever had. We ate the Seafood Platter (don't ask the cost of all of this stuff...let's just say that in order to make a reservation for this restaurant, you have to block out 1000USD on a credit card just to get in the door and ensure you have a table) and the selection of sea creatures was enough to make Neptune salivate. GET the Crab Cakes appetizer...it is, hands down, the most succulent thing you will ever ingest in your life...in short, spend the money if you can...worth every cent, pound sterling, Benjamin Franklin, Euro or Ruble....	
Oct 15 2009 	Does exactly what it says on the tin!	We have been lucky enough to have stayed at the burj a few times and the hotel still impresses us. we were given complimentary roll royce transfers and upgraded to a panoramic suite as it was our wedding anniversary, early check in at 5 am so it was a good start, my wife was innundated with flowers daily, the breakfast is the best ive had any where in the world. the concierge and cleaning staff are very friendly and super efficient. we had a ball at the managers cocktail party in the royal suite, free champers and nibbles for a couple of hours. dinner in junsui is worth a look, well priced and a good atmosphere. ill be back next year, it gets better every time, you start to find other ways to get more value for money and just when you think the burj has reached its peak it finds another way to impress you.they offer offer free spa treatments, limo to the malls, try the private beach, great service with a constant flow of smoothies. the pool staff are exceptional, namir and tag- well done again!the burj touts itself as&quot; the most luxurious hotel in the world&quot;it might just be!many thanks for another wonderful stay!	
Sep 28 2009 	Unforgetable/Awesome/ Amazing!	Everyone should plan visiting Dubai one day ... it would be one's unforgetable Journey !	
Sep 22 2009 	Unsurpassed Luxury!!	Well..what can I say. An experience everyone should have once in a life time. In this wonderful hotel all the suites span 2 floors, the turndown service is outstanding with wonderful little treats left behind, complimentary Hermes bath products including perfume, personalised items for the children including sun packs colour coded for boys and girls. Wonderful restraunts especially Al Muntaha. Concierge on every floor, wonderful fruit everyday.I booked this hotel for my husbands 40th birthday, the staff came in with a guitar and sang happy birthday before presenting him with a wonderful chocolate birthday cake...all complimentary..The spa on the 18th floor is sensational, the infinity pool also on this floor is wonderful with a ladies only side to the right and a mixed replica on the left hand side. The experience is one to be savoured and remembered. I will be going back in 2013 if not before. The children have a kids club on site, but sadly it does not compare to the one at the neighbouring Jumeirah Beach Hotel, but not to worry, the kids can use that one if they are staying at the Burj at no COST!! A Truly Luxury Experience.	
Sep 14 2009 	For at least once in your life this experience cannot be missed.	A couple of the reviews below will do a far-better review of the Burj Al-Arab. I was very impressed with the review below and what they described is perfect.. I had a very similar experience. The grandeur of the Burj must not be rivaled anywhere else. Everything was beyond my expectations. The service from the moment you walk into the door is nothing short of incredible. You are treated as though you are Arabian royalty yourself. The staff at the front of the bridge, checking names and room numbers, already make you feel like a V.I.P. as you cross the bridge to the lobby of the Burj. Surrounded by a fleet of Rolls-Royce's, and the occasional Ferrari or Maserati parked in the front, you know you have arrived at some place special.I don't want to steal the wind from the previous reviewer, they describe the lobby and the fountain quite well. While the staff is checking you in, you are seated comfortably and already you have somebody waiting on you to make sure you're taken care of. Looking up into the atrium, it is quite an impressive sight to behold. The Burj is absolutely beautiful. The architecture inside and out is something that must be experienced in person to truly appreciate.My suite far exceeded what I was expecting. After my butler opened the door to my suite for me, I walked in with amazement. Everything was bright, shiny, beautiful...and the panoramic view of the Gulf and Jumeriah Beach was just astonishing. At this moment, I truly felt the indulgence set in. Of course, this would have been a perfect trip for myself AND a significant other to enjoy (if I had one), I was traveling solo, and I almost didn't know what to do with myself in such a grand suite full of such splendor. The master bedroom upstairs was just as impressive. I had told the butler I just needed to relax for a little while before I determine what I was going to do that afternoon, and so he called for a couple of staff to come up to the bedroom and prepare the bed for me to sleep. Of course I had no intention of &quot;sleeping&quot;, they prepared the room as such, putting out slippers, dimming the lights to the right level, and bringing in special pillows. It's these finer details that make this experience so incredible. I could go on and on...but the previous reviewers have described things so perfectly, I just wanted to add my little experience to the fold. I only stayed one night. It was one of the most fascinating and overwhelming nights of indulgence of my life. And I would do it all over again in a heartbeat.	
Aug 31 2009 	Pure elegance and absolute luxury	The Burj is still the most amazing looking hotel in amongst the skyline of new and upcoming buildings. The Burj is very close to the Emirates Mall and well located to visit Butta Mall and the marina. Although the Burj stands alone, all the Jumeirah properties are connected and as a Burj guest you can visit any of the properties for any reason quite easily via buggy. It is much easier that in previous years to move around the Jumeirah properties, but if you are not a guest of the Burj it is much harder to visit the Burj unless you have a reservation. Even as a guest your name and suite number is always checked before you enter the bridge to ensure that only guests get through.We have stayed at the Burj numerous times, and each time our expectations are far exceeded. We arranged for a transfer which was absolutely faultless. As usual we were presented with a gleaming car readied with chilled bottled water, cold towels and I was presented with a beautiful bouquet of roses. The driver was very pleasant, ensuring that the AC was set nicely for us, and happy to let us listen to the radio instead of their selection of CDs.Arriving at the Burj came with the usual grandeur of being able to by-pass the queue of traffic waiting to enter the bridge, and doorman fussing to help us out of the car. As usual we were met by the hotel front-of-house staff and presented with rose water, sweet dates and a cold towel, then whisked straight up to our suite. The lobby of the Burj never fails to impress with the colours of the floors graduating skywards, gentle music playing in background, and rhythmic patter of the fountain.This time we stayed a panoramic suite. The finish of the suites are all of the same standard; really the only thing that differs is the size of the suite and the amazing floor to ceiling windows.The solid wooden suite door opens onto a beautiful marble hallway leading to a study area and a stunning winding staircase to the bedroom. The panoramic windows floods the suite with light and makes the room feel extremely big. The entire suite is lavishly decorated with rich colours and lots of gold trim, beautifully matching the character of the hotel and the region. The living area comprises of many sofas and seating areas with a very large TV and entertainment system, a dinning area, a fully stocked bar area complete with bar stools. The study area comes complete with laptop, printer and stationary all ready for use. In addition there is a wc and an extremely large under-stairs storage area. The room control system has been updated and is much easier to use and there is now a Ipod sound system, which unfortunately is not integrated to the room’s speakers but is nice to have.Upstairs there is a massive bathroom with his and hers sinks, a huge spa bath and massive shower! In addition full size Hermes products are also provided as well as an array of other useful things, such as toothbrushes, shaving kits, hair combs. The dressing area is well lit with large mirrors and ample wardrobe space. The bedroom is beautiful with amazing views. And at night, the turndown service leaves a little gift such as La Ric creams or yummy little chocolates.The technology in the suite is pretty impressive with the TV remote controlling everything including the curtains and door access. The updated system is much easier to use and much more responsive than the old system. And the new Do Not Disturb system is much better now and actually does not allow the staff to override the system and enter the room, as it use to. The TV does everything, including providing internet access and is a video entry system.Unfortunately we did not have our usual butler, however, the three butlers that we did come across were perfectly polite and could not do enough to ensure that we were comfortable and enjoying our stay. Each floor also has a floor manager who works in tandem with the butler to ensure that your stay in going smoothly. All staff around the hotel seem to know your name and will always greet you with a smile. You can approach any one of them for any reason and the query/problem will always be sorted without any fuss. During this visit, my husband celebrated his birthday. He had lovely surprise when our butler accompanied by two other butlers came into our room with a gorgeous chocolate cake and with one of the butlers playing the guitar, they sang happy birthday to him. It was so lovely and especially thoughtful as we hadn’t mentioned that he would be celebrating his birthday during the stay. Staff throughout the hotel randomly came up to him to wish a happy birthday too which added to the day.The food at the Burj is still lovely! There are so many restaurants to choose from for any meal, but in particular we love the breakfast buffet at Bab al Yam by the pool; we tend to have lunch by the pool or on the beach - would highly recommend trying the wagu burger or seafood pizza at the pool or on the beach. We also had dinner at Junsui which was a fantastic experience of making your own way round 12 cooking stations where they make everything including the sushi and sashimi in front of you! Service was fantastic and discreet and the atmosphere relaxed.Al Hambra at Al Qsar is also still extremely good, as is room service. The menu selection is quite large and is always delicious. In addition, every afternoon a selection of canapés were offered in our suite.  As this hotel is a massive tourist attraction, early afternoons and evenings are busy in the hotel with people coming to visit. There are however lots of staff on hand to keep tourists away from guests, but it is a little annoying when you can’t get through the crowd posing for photos at the water fountain. However, once you get to the lift and up to your floor, tranquillity is quickly restored.Overall this is an astonishing hotel and is still my absolute favourite of all those I have ever visited across the world. The hotel deserves its 7 star reputation. It provides absolute luxury, but in a relaxed way – the level of thought that goes into ensuring that we had the most perfect stay is amazing. Staff beckon to your every call if you want them too, or they will simply leave you to enjoy yourself while working discreetly to add little indulgent touches to make your stay even more surprising and even better than the day before. I would highly recommend a stay – everyone should enjoy this little piece of this luxury – at least once.	
Aug 27 2009 	True 7-star - and best value ever!	Wow. Yeah it sure is a experience for life! It a must try for every traveller. Better to stay one day here than stay one week in a country!Everything was perfect. The staff totally amazing. There have been a lot of things said on this site already, BUT I should say: This is the best value ever. They give you gifts including in the price. Expensive shampoo, parfumes, snaks, white wine, cookies and much more worth a lot of $$ if you should buy it in a store.Try this! It's worth every cent!!!	
Aug 23 2009 	Better then Abu D	Segway is OK, but these Continentals, are aint no go, when you are not the driver, the rider or his bro..There is a big shopping center and a skiing place next to it, couple of mins.A lot of chinese and japanese girls....	
Aug 21 2009 	Thee Best in the world - The TOP for service	I spent one week there and all was perfect, it is very hot at this periode but you have everything inside, baby sitter for my daughter they provided you mobile phone and everybody in the hotel took care of her, butler, reception and security on each floor, if something was wrong or you were not happy the general manager present excuses and bottle of champagne, I got free rolls royce to pick up me to airport, the room are very luxious and panoramic view, very expensive but if you can afford it you will never regreet it. Lot of choice for restaurants, room service is like a restaurant, they know your taste and learn about you and you always have complementary in your room like the fruit you like, newspapers, cakes, ect...everyday different.	
Aug 18 2009 	SIMPLY THE BEST	If you ever want to stay in a hotel that does more than maintain standards - it creates them ...! From the initial reservation, to the welcome... the tiered room.. the plush cars.. quality food.. fab restaurants.. classic shops.. Yacht.. the level or service alone for the room service. afternoon tea. .. and dont stay here without booking the helicopter trip .. as you can see dubai in another dimersion.. simply world class and its a credit to all concerened..I have never stayed in a more fab hotel.... simply a must	
Aug 13 2009 	How could this possibly be worth the $$ - but it WAS!	Rumor has it this hotel would have to be fully booked for 400 years before paying for itself. We are lucky this was built by such a wealthy system as we get to enjoy the splendor of it all.When I first found out we were staying here (albeit only for one night) I was a bit nervous. I read we would have 3 butlers and a suite larger than our first house. What ever could I ask the butlers to do? How could we possibly take full advantage of the room, the facilties and the location? How could I make it worth spending this kind of money.First I contacted the hotel to book a dinner for the one night we had there. A birthday dinner. Then I read and gave up reading about the hotel. I found noone to tell me what I could possibly use one let alone 3 butlers for.So that is why I'm writing this. Firstly, when you walk in there is no &quot;check in desk&quot; or &quot;reception&quot;. There is someone there with the best dates in the world. You give your name, you sit at one of the couches and they bring you a COLD towel (awesome) and more dates. Then your butler takes you up the escalator and you are IN. In the hotel that you have to pay even to have a tour. Your eyes simply can't take in all of the colors, details and fountains around you. The butler has seen the look in your eyes before. Many times. They know to walk slowly. They know to smile and explain that they are taking you up to your room. They know to answer your questions slowly since your mind is on overload. Actually all of your senses are on overload.We go up to our room and inside there are two orange juices, a bottle of wine and a rose (along with other beautiful flowers) in the room. We have our own office (with a printer, computer (yes they provide a laptop to use). I have a video posted under &quot;Hakan's 50th birthday suite&quot; on youtube but think before you view it. It is pretty wonderful to be surprised.So what do you ask the butlers during your stay? The cool thing is a lot of time you don't ask - they just provide. When you approach your room they are already there with the key to open the door for you. Before dinner time they bring in some canapes and offer some sparkling apple juice, etc. The free wine that was in the room is definitely coming in handy as well. They confirm your dinner reservations. They confirm your flights for you, They provide you with extra towels (the minutes you leave your room they straighten, fix and freshen). Every time. There were buggies that took us to the souk (not the cheap well known gold souk which you must also go to) but a nice new shopping mall kind of souk.Since we were there in the summer we were able to check in early and since we had a gold card of some sort we were able to extend our check out until 6pm (our flight was at 9pm). Even with a gold card we could not have done that in the busier season - one benefit for coming here during summer.The pool was wonderful. We went early in the morning (at least early for us) and had a great swim and layby before it got too hot. We were brought ice water, towels, etc.It is true that the Hermes in the room (full size cologne, perfumes, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, etc) is to take home. At least we did. What a wonderful memory to have at home.The butler took us on a tour of the facilities (definitely ask him/her to do this - amazing). My hubby asked to see the Presidential Suite. A quick call later and we were in the ROYAL suite (Kings live far better than Presidents!). Ask to see it. Can't hurt to ask. We videotaped the whole thing too.The drinks upstairs are expensive. about $25USD if I remember. But it includes canapes to our surprise. It turned out to be sort of worth it actually. They do sell the most expensive drink in the world. The Skyview Bar in the sailboat-shaped Burj Al Arab claims the Most Expensive Drink title for its “27.321” cocktail named for its price in Dubai currency and the bar’s location on the 27th floor. In dollars? $7,450.So cheers everyone. If you have the opportunity to go here DO!!! PS. If you ski don't miss out on the SkiDubai. Amazing. Better than you think it would be. We stayed three nights total in Dubai. One on our arrival before traveling elsewhere in the Middle East and two on our return. One before the Burj and than the Burj. Worked great for us that way. We stayed at the Sheraton Dubai Creek which was very nice.	
Aug 5 2009 	Great stay - a few tips	My wife and I spent three nights as part of our honeymoon. Everything is amazing, I won't spend time on room descriptions, but I will offer a few tips for people visiting the hotel. First of all, there's no need to use house cars - they're expensive and unnecessary. The hotel really pushed us to use their rolls royce phantoms to and from the airport, don't do it. Taxis are cheap in Dubai, and they seem to be mostly Lexus's. Use them to go to places like the gold sook, and have them wait for you, they're very reasonably priced.Check the website to make sure the price you paid for the room hasn't gone down since you made the booking. We rebooked twice at better prices. We payed a little extra, and got a panoramic suite, this is probably unnecessary, stick with the one bedroom deluxe suite.As everybody has mentioned, the restaurants are expensive. If you can get a package from the hotel that includes breakfast, do it. As a guideline - breakfast was a buffet - 250 AED per person (app $70 US). So it's expensive, but it's fantastic. Breakfast is offered at two of the restaurants, Bab Al Yam – a more traditional North American style breakfast – i.e. fruits, breads, eggs, etc, or at Junsui – which has a selection of fruits (but not as impressive), but also has Asian themed foods, i.e. Dim Sum, Japanese items etc. The Bab Al Yam was more my style, but it was fun trying the Junsui breakfast the third morning. You can’t go wrong with either. The hotel offers something called the &quot;Culinary Flight.&quot; If you're a foodie, I'd recommend it. Basically one course at each of the restaurants. If you're staying more than one night, do it the first night, it will give you an idea of which restaurants you'll want to go to the rest of the trip. We had lunch at Al Mahara – the seafood restaurant - it was a nice meal, but nothing special, and far too expensive. I would strongly recommend Al Iwan, which is buffet style, but is spectacular. Drinks at the bar on the top floor are overpriced, but if you need to do it, go before the sun sets, so you at least have something of a view...And if you’re feeling lazy, don’t hesitate about getting room service. Easily the best room service I’ve eaten. Go with the Indian food, and you won’t be disappointed. This is an amazing place - but obviously incredibly expensive. If you can afford it, great, but if it's out of your price range, I'd recommend doing a lunch at Al Iwan - I really thought it was a special restaurant.	
Aug 1 2009 	A beautiful stay... highly recommended	Our 3 night stay was just perfect. As others have stated the rooms are amazing, amenities first class and service for us was as desired - i.e. not too over the top.The breakfast was though only average in our opinion with a limited selection. The pool is small but the private beach lovely.If you're heading to Dubai a night or two night stay is a must, simply to wake up with a mirror on the ceiling is an experience in itself! Remember though Gents need a jacket to dine in many of the restaurants!	
Jul 29 2009 	Fabulous Honeymoon experience	Thoroughly enjoyed 5 amazing nights in this spectacular hotel during the last part of our honeymoon. From the moment we arrived we were treat like we were the most important people in the hotel. We were collected and driven by one of their white Rolls Royce, then had a line of people waiting to greet us and offer us various nibbles and refreshments. We did the wild wadi park and dune desert driving experience (that was really good fun!) The spa treatments at the Burj were the best i have ever had.The food we ate, from £100 for a steak, to lunches at the beach restuarant were all fabulous and well worth the expense. The staff were incredibly friendly and couldnt do enough for us. What we really liked about this hotel though was the lack of pretentiousness. It had the most relaxing &amp; welcoming feel to it, much more than any other hotel i have stayed in. On an evening they had a string quartet playing while you could sit relaxing/drinking and enjoy the fabulous water fountain &amp; lighting displays etc . On our last night they were able to light the fire display outside (as it had previously been quite windy) which was just great to watch! (Also on our last night, our butler packed up our suitcases for us so we could spend our last evening enjoying ourselves - i had never seen my clothes folded so neatly!!) There would always be a Lamborghini, Porsch etc (along with the rolls royces) pulling up at the entrance, which was fun, the hotel is very bling bling! But for a fab &amp; fun experience where you are looked after so well and made to feel so special on your honeymoon, you couldnt ask for anything better, would highly recommend it!	
Jul 27 2009 	Stunning!	We had the best of times at this hotel. We only stayed for two nights but we made the most of it. We went with friends for a special Birthday... Some of the reviews before we went were poor but I have nothing bad to say about this hotel it was GREAT! The staff were fantastic - people previously hinted that if you weren't an 'A Lister' then you wouldn't receive the specail treatment! Not the case... There were celebs there but we got the best table in the restaurant upstairs and the staff made such as fuss on our Birthday evening....Great 'Cosmo' Cocktails and Gorgeous Birthday cakes! It was marvellous.... A great experience for a special event!	
Jul 17 2009 	over the top	The Burj was over the top in every way imaginable, but worth staying there just for the experience of it. Service is wonderful, the rooms are luxurious (although gaudy), and the hotel restaurants are top notch. We were only here for a few days en route to another destination, and I'm not sure I would have wanted to stay longer, but for a few days, enjoying the craziness that is the opulent, indulgent Burj was a lot of fun!	
Jul 13 2009 	Second time just as good as the first!	This was our second weekend at the Burj - the last was in 2005. I was very happy to find that the hotel had lost none of the wow factor of our first stay. The service was top class and the &quot;rooms&quot; (if you can call these house sized spaces rooms) are simply outstanding. We arrived at 6am and our suite was ready and we requested a late (4pm) check out which was no problem. Breakfast and taxes were included in our rate which made the final bill slightly less painful! Expensive, yes but worth it? Definitely!!	
Jul 6 2009 	Jaw Dropping!	Well what can I say.... AMAZING ROOM, AMAZING SERVICE!Just chilling by the poolside bar was lovely, dont forget to visit wild wadi water ark and book the Hummer desert trip its CRRRAAAZYYYY.The only slight problem was that the virtual submarine ride was broken to the fish restaurant and we were not that impressed with the food.However the Al Iwan was the best food I have EVER eaten...Thank you to the hotel staffp.s. ITS DAMN EXPENSIVE BUT WORTH EVERY PENNY!	
Jul 1 2009 	Not seven but clos to six stars	Room is spacious and elegant. Carpet had a rather large dirty patch close to the chaiselongue. No large twin beds in the panorama suite but just a rather soft king size bed. Why don’t you offer two queen beds? One mattress is good for part-time. Not all your married clients like to sleep on the same mattress full-time. It would be difficult if I would travel with a son or a sister. Butler service is not that good. Used glasses and food leftovers are not removed when clients left their rooms. Flight reconfirmation could not be delegated to the butler. Room service was asked for when we left for breakfast. It came only at lunch time when we were in the room. This is not acceptable.Food is very good but not outstanding, e.g. comparable to three Michelin star kitchens as they are available in Atlantis Hotel for example. Culinary flight is a good offer – the wakyu dish at Al Mahara was excellent. The seafood menu at Al Mahara was very good, too.Internet access was not possible twice. The first time I had to wait several hours for repair. There was no radio in the room with classical music, for example. MTV in TV is certainly not our choice!Everything was more or less excellent, i.e. close to six star (6-)	
Jun 29 2009 	Wonderful Hotel True Luxury	Luxury, Decadence, Wow !! I spent four nights at the Burj in March with my wife for my 40th. It really was an amazing holiday and we will definately go there again sometime soon. We are lucky enough to only ever travel 5 star and this hotel is head and shoulders above the vast majority we have stayed in around the world. The staff were very attentive and nothing was too much for them. The rooms are really huge and spotlessly clean, the gym is state of the art with great sea views from the tread mills and the Spa is fantastic. The free golf carts to the beach and other local hotels are very handy as there are many restaurants nearby. Eating in the Burj is very expensive but first class, especially in the restaurant with the massive fish tank.. For a special treat it is well worth the money as you will have memories to look back on which are priceless. A unique hotel !	
Jun 27 2009 	wonderful birthday treat out of this world	We were staying in Dubai for 3 nights en route to Malaysia and as it was my birthday decided to spend a night at the Burj.From arriving at the door of the hotel the experience was WOW. As we we waited for our suite we were greeted by staff with friendly smiles and made to feel very special.The suite was fantastic, there was a want for nothing . They have thought of everything and the v iew was stunning.As it was my birthday that day the general manager ordered flowers, tapas and birthday cake to our room with a personalised card. It was a lovely surprise. And the butlers were only too happy to let me pose for a phot with them!We ate at Al Muntaha restaurant and were given a table again with a beautiful view. I must say that it was the most expensive meal I have ever had in my life and perhaps a bit too pricey but we knew that before we went.We were not getting picked up until 11pm the next night and this did not present a problem as were given a late check out and still allowed to use all the facilities which I did. The spa is beautiful and sunbathing by the pool is an experience in itself ,everthing is done for you .I can truly say that the staff were wonderful and at no time did I encounter snobbery of any kind.As in previous posts yes it is expensive but if you want a once in a lifetime experience then I would recomend it to everyone. ( My husband is now saying he would like a second visit! I will just need to stop buying shoes!!)	
Jun 25 2009 	Wow	Like many other reviewers we wanted to stay one night at the BAA as a once in a lifetime experience. But from the moment we checked in we knew that we had to come back. The hotel is extremely expensive, but it is worth every penny (maybe except for the restaurants which are a bit too pricy). The suites are amazing and the service is outstanding. If you think you can afford it - try it!	
Jun 22 2009 	Fabulous...top class!	We have been very fortunate to have been able to have enjoyed many holidays here with our children, I was unsure about staying here the very first time my husband booked it as there was so much hype about it I expected it to be filled with snooty people. However we didn’t encounter anyone like that, the same could not be said for its sister hotel the Jumeriah Beach! The staff are so lovely, we have never found them to be overbearing and there wasn’t a big turn over of staff, year after year we went back to see the same friendly faces moving up through the ranks. It’s a nice touch to be remembered.Lots of the reviews I have read have seemed to be from people who had not stayed and had perhaps just eaten in the hotel, my families experience has always been superb, and the breakfast is an experience…fillet steak?! I will definitely go back sometime in the future as there is something special about this hotel and of course the privacy such a resort gives you is a real treat.The water park adjacent to both the Burj and Jumeriah is fantastic and that is probably what our children enjoyed the most, they could come and go as they pleased and we never worried about their safety at all, the hoped on one of the many beach buggy’s and got ferried all over!If you hunt around and book flights separately you can get a really good deal, when the children where younger they the four of us stayed in one of the fantastic rooms, one on the fold out sofa and another on a fold out bed which we paid a little more for however on our last trip as they were older we had to have two so perhaps next time we will go alone!!	
Jun 21 2009 	Seafood and An Aquarium - there are better options	We stopped at Dubai for a few nights on the way back from a superb stay in Baros, Maldives. As we only had a few nights we prioritised and decided to treat ourselves to a meal (under the sea we thought) at the Al Mahara at the Burj.Upon arrival by standard cab we were greeted perfectly, we wandered inside and were inpressed by the waterfall but especially the fish tanks either side of the escalators, we were slightly early so we went up the escalators (look up as you do so - amazing) and were puzzled to see so many mainly Asian people taking photos in front of a very average water feature (Im still puzzled now after asking one couple why it was so special to them) . We decided to have a drink and 4 of us had soft drinks and nibbles (free) for £25 which I thought was quite good (in context), service was pefect and the nibble waitress was nice and chatty. We then asked if the obs deck was available to us but sadly it was not - pity.Ok time for lunch, and I was anticipating a stupendous environment after the tanks in reception......You check in and go down in the lift to a (empty and dark) lounge we were greeted perfectly and taken to a table on the other side of the fish tanks - note if you want to sit next to the tanks its tables of 2 only (we were 4).The place was 15% full if that and when the menu arrived I knew why, its not cheap even when you have mentally agreed with yourself its £150 a head without wine its still a shock to see the prices written down.A reminder that money is relative was when a family of 6 came in with 2 babies and ordered from the main menu for all of them, one of the babies cryed most of the time whilst a woman in the group spent a lot of the time chatting loudly to her mobile phone. Would that be allowed in a top UK restaurant ?I will not prattle on rather I will be straight to the point - its not worth it - the environment / tanks were not that big and as we saw the same (big) fish swimming around every 15 seconds or so it got repetitive.Food was good but is good ok ? every course looked superb, was very small and tasted &quot;good&quot; not memorable just ok. One part of the meal was truly superb though and they were the 7 (?) petit fours that we noticed other diners had but were not offered to ourselves, they are worth asking for - well done pastry chef.So, average scenario, let down fish tanks, ok service (the bread waiter was tardy and the drinks waiter forgetfull) , good food and stupendous price tag.My advice is go the the Dubai Mall, check the fish tank and eat at the rainforest cafe for 25% of the priceAs a finisher we went to the Burj Boutique (still makes me chuckle) if you want a 7cm high glass Burj with three colour flashing lights or a illuminated picture on a roller of the hotel and birds you will be in tat heaven, but the sight of a young lady haggling with the guy in the tat shop over a 15cm high shiny Burj made my day.	
Jun 21 2009 	Very good hotel	It is one of the best hotel in the world.it has very good view,it is located in the sea.It has very good structure.it is high end hotel.	
Jun 4 2009 	Loved the Beach view	This is a Awsome Hotel, When I visited there as on Business visa, I was alone there in my room, But when i stayed there i seen many couples was enjoying alot &amp; i thought at that time this is a good hotel to spend Time with our Wife.....So i will sugest you that if you are planning to visit Dubai...Stay in this hotel only what a restuarent &amp; Beach View, Hotel Facilities &amp; Infrasturcture there all are awsome.....JetPrivilege membership: 137026024	
May 26 2009 	The Wonderful Burj Al Arab.	To celebrate our Silver Wedding Anniversary in Dubai we decided to spend our first two nights at the Burj Al Arab. On recent visits to Dubai we have always stayed at the Al Qasr which has been one of our most favourite hotels, so as this was a special occasion we decided to book the Burj.Well all I can say is, we had the best holiday we have ever had and the Burj made our Anniversary absolutely wonderful and so special.We arranged a Rolls Royce to pick us up and this started our holiday in style, we were treated like Royalty from start to finish.When we arrived we were greeted with cold towels and dates and taken to our Suite, it was fantastic, we could not believe it.The whole hotel is amazing and the staff can not do enough for you.There were many treats throughout out stay and this just made the whole experience out of this world.Our Anniversary Cake and Flowers were just gorgeous and brought tears to my eyes.There were a few things I would have changed, but I am not even going to mention them as the highs well exceeded any little niggles.My husband summed it up completely when he said “there is a serenity about the Burj” and this was exactly right.Burj Al Arab thank you so much for everything, we will definitely be back please keep our room warm for us….	
May 21 2009 	SERVICE TOO "OVERPOWERING " !	My husband and i stayed at this hotel as our final &quot;treat&quot; on our last leg of our honeymoon in Thailand before heading home.The hotel is extremely opulent and grand, and was what we had expected after reading all the other reviews on it.We were completely gobsmacked at our suite !! It was massive and fabulous and luxurious and decorated beautifully. we have never stayed in a hotel &quot;room&quot; thats as big as our own house !!The one thing that we were'nt happy with, was the fact that the service, was &quot;too much&quot;, im sure some people enjoy this type of service but we didnt appreciate the turn down service at 10.30pm when 3 memebers of staff turned up to make up the bed, tidy up and do the hoovering !!! why did the room need hoovered at that time of night after it had been done in the morning and nobody been in it all day to make a mess !! It just didnt make sense and seemed a bit intrusive to us (especially on our honeymoon !)The prices in this hotel are really for people who have enough money to not think about what they are paying for, and sadly this wasn't the case for us, so £10 for a bottle of evian water and £7 for a can of diet coke out of the minibar was a liitle bit out of our pricerange to say the least !!Saying that though the hotel itself is just beautiful, and in a lovely location, with fantastic views from all the floor to ceiling windows in our suite (13th fllor) across the marina and the beach.It was definitely an experience staying here, but we have to admit for us personally we wouldnt return as we felt that the service was for &quot;show&quot; and not neccessarily for the best of the customers, and after staying in hotels in Bangkok and Koh samui where the staff would do everything for you without being intrusive we would prefer to return there than here again.It felt as if the staff were nice to you because they were being paid to do so and not because they actually wanted to or enjoyed doing so, which is a real shame for such an amazing beautiful opulent place, but maybe thats how it got to be rated as the only 7 star hotel in the world !It has to be expereinced though once in your lifetime even if its only to say you stayed there !I have to say though the beds here are the comfiest we have slept in EVER !!!!!	
May 20 2009 	love the interior	very very impressive hotel made in desert with all newly listed facilities and latest decorative pieces in each and every corners. mind blowing fountains in entrance . excellent hospitality and very very co operative staff . pool side is worth seeing and if you go in upper area by lift ,you can find your self in heaven -- ocean surrounding you n tempting view.rooms were nice but little bit small but if you take view from outside your room , it looks like big cruise mine was ocean view room and i never like to miss any moment .i really appriciate that they do serve breakfast in small silver vessle in proper quantity with best quality and too amny different items . their serving style is praise worthy. their style of spreading bedsheet is different n i love that.cleanliness of all glasses of windows --- i cant explain	
May 20 2009 	Disappointed very disappointed.	The hotel itself is a magnificent spectacle and the staff are generally very helpful. My wife and I ate at the Al Mahara restaurant. It boasts &quot; Simply the finest seafood in the world&quot;. If the restaurant was in the UK it would be prosecuted under the Trade Descriptions Act. The food was certainly not fine, of the four course we had between us we complained about 3. we decided to not have a dessert, we thought that might be tempting fate just a little to far. For starters my wife had the lobster bisque, it looked great, served with two prawn dim sum on the bottom of the plate and the bisque poured over them at the table. The bisque tasted fine however she did find quite a bit of prawn shell in the dim sum, not really what you expect from the finest seafood restaurant in the world. We did mention to our waiter that we did not expect this kind of oversight in the Al Mahara, he said he would mention it to the chef. That was it, then nothing. I started with the Japanese scallops, renowned for there delicate flavour. It was served with a Wagyu beef ravioli and a sauce with completely swamped the complete dish, and the Wagyu beef renowned for its flavour and tenderness was so tough i had to take it out of my mouth, it was inedible. I mentioned this to the waiter and he again said he would mention it to the chef, then nothing. By now I think the chef was packing and going home ashamed without facing his critics. Now the main courses arrived and my dish was reasonable cooked, not great mind you only reasonable. I had the Cod, slightly overcooked and again the delicate flavour of the Cod completely and utterly swamped by the overpowering sauce, again I mentioned this to the waiter, who by this point seemed to be past caring. My lovely wife, I was told to write that, had the Sea Bass, which was cooked to perfection, unfortunately the squid rings that were served with it were absolutely and completely overcooked, the picture of chew a bag of elastic bands does come to mind. Again we complained to the waiter who this time asked us to complete a card to rate the restaurant and write down our comments on the food, we duly did so expecting, more in hope than expectation to have some kind of dialogue with the manager or some other representative regarding our meal, alas no. They did ask on the card where we were staying in Dubai, I thought that maybe we would get a call or something, again alas no. I was also asked for my email address at home, so maybe there would be a message when I got home, alas no. So would I go back to or suggest that my friends visit a restaurant that has just charged me £285 for the meal I just experienced, no I do not think so, I value my friends.The meal as you have no doubt gathered was a disappointment, but the non existent level of customer care is appalling considering they call themselves &quot;simply the finest seafood in the world&quot;	
May 19 2009 	there is not another hotel like it	this is our favourite hotel of all and having stayed in a number of other in Dubai we keep going back. The staff are so so willing to help but dont be put off as they really are genuine. The poolarea and beach are fantastic so much so we rarely leave the hotel. Prices are what you would expect from a hotel like this so be prepared. I feel so lucky to stay at such a fantastic hotel and have met so many nice people both staff and guests.	
May 4 2009 	Best looking building i have ever visited food was disgusting	We went to the burj ala rab in dubai. The building is amazing it will be the best building or hotel you will ever see. The architecture will blow you away. We went for lunch on the 23rd floor. I will cut this review short. I have never in all my life eaten food so bad. I really mean that. It was worse than virgin Atlantic flight food, and thats saying something. I would not feed the food we ate to dogs. We could hardly eat anything in this hotel. The best thing about it are probably the fish tanks in the entrance. Who ever is in charge of the food here really must have a screw loose. Great hotel but for food go out and find some cockcroaches to eat instead.	
May 3 2009	Loved the view from the rooms and the restaurant	When I saw the hotel from outside, I could not believe that such a beautiful piece of architecture could be man made. The hotel sits on its artificial island and the view from there back to the beach is amazing. Surprisingly, at the reception in the hotel, I didn't find the staff too helpful but the service that was provided was simply amazing. I had a fleet of people to help me with everything that i needed in the room from a pillow of my choice from the menu to a bar. The room I stayed in overlooked the manmade islands which was just being made at that time. The stay and the restaurants are very expensive but if your willing to pamper yourself a lot this is the place to be.	
Apr 28 2009 	Don't waste your money on high tea	We decided to treat ourselves to afternoon tea in the &quot;best hotel on the world&quot;. What a let down.We arrived in an ordinary taxi and were courteously greeted. We went upstairs to the lobby where were quickly and efficiently shown to our table. We then settled back to enjoy our high tea, served by a succession of different waiters, each of whom seemed to specialize in different parts of the meal. The champagne was fine, as it should be at its quoted price of 50$ per glass. Then orders were taken for tea, which arrived quickly; my tea was absolutely wonderful. Now on to the food: a variety of sandwiches arrived, all nicely presented but nothing extra-ordinary. But now something extra-ordinary happened. As we were munching our way through the sandwiches, the Beef Wellington man arrived, pushed our sandwich plates to one side and placed the small slices of Beef Wellington in front of us. We felt under unwelcome pressure to eat up and get out. However, after this frantic start, the service calmed down, becoming rather too slack, in fact. My wife wandered off during a slack period and missed the arrival of the cakes. I asked the waitress to come back when my wife had returned. She did not do so. Another cake lady arrived, bearing a different selection of cakes, so my wife happily gorged on them; however, this was rather poor.Our teapots were by now cold and we wanted to refresh them. We n ow engaged in the game of &quot;catch the waiter's attention&quot;. Now, it should be pointed out that there was no shortage of waiters, elegent aand attractive young men and women from all parts of Asia. However, noe of them seemed to be prepared to help us. Maybe they had only specific jobs? Take type-A cakes round tables at 3:15? Greet arriving guests and show them to their tables? Demonstrate how to pour tea? At any rate, it took us far too long to catch someone's attention and get our new pots of tea, which did then arrive pretty promptly.What about the quality of the food? Sandwiches, nothing special. Cakes, well I live in Luxembourg and can think of at least three cake shops that would put these cakes to shame., though to be fair they would not stick a small piece of gold leaf on top of the cakes. Tea, glorious. Champagne, good. Service, well below the standard you have the right to expect. After the tea, we wandered through the lobby, past the shops selling gaudy knick-knacks to the super rich. The fountains were super, the aquaria on either side of the staircase awe-inspiring, the lift to the restaurant very fast and stiflingly hot because its air-conditioning was not working. Overall impression? Give this a miss.	
Apr 23 2009 	Not all that ist cracked out to be..	Its an amazing hotel, no doubt about it, but it came short of my expectations, probably beacause og the hype around it. However, very clean, roomy, pleasant suites, private, quiet and nice athmosphere. Excellent food! Spa was also good :) Staff was always doing their best to please guest.A very nice, but (too) expensive experience.PS. bring sunglasses, cause all that gold will blind you.	
Apr 1 2009 	Disappointing	We were advised that tea at the Burj Al Arab was a must and was worth the US $200 that you will pay for two persons.We arrived in a regular taxi and was ignored and had to make our up to the venue serving tea. Reception at tea was good and was given a choice of tables with a excellent view of the beach.Food was served efficiently with not much time between the 7 courses where you could savor each course. The quality of food was average - sandwiches were ordinary; scones were dry; beef wellington was good but serving was very small; we expected much more.Service was somewhat contrived where some of the waiters were forcing themselves to be pleasant. Some of the uniforms were ill fitting; however, the female waitresses were dressed quite well.The venue for tea was an open foyer where tea was frequently disrupted by tours to the hotel. Visitors were walking around the table and blocking the view of the beach .. this just destroyed the ambiance and annoying .. you had limited privacy.We definitely did not receive value for money and service was just ordinary. We had tea in Europe, North America and Asia and tea at Burj el Arab did not compare favourably to other hotels where we had tea. Maybe this was just a bad day for the hotel.	
Mar 30 2009	One of those things you just have to experience	I was treated to a week here with my mum. It is quite simply pure luxury &amp; life at the Burj is effortless. You are treated like royalty from the moment you step inside. The rooms are magnificent, the setting is stunning and the service incredible. One tip - check before you arrive that your window is not obscured by one of the three architectural metal bars that form part of the building as they can spoil the view. The rooms are fantastically equipped - you don't need to take toiletries as you are supplied with full-sized bottles of Hermes stuff, razor kit, toothpast &amp; toothbrush, cotton wool, moisturiser etc. Rooms also have internet connected laptop ( all free).	
Mar 20 2009 	Incredible opulence worth every penny	Dubai was a stopoff point on the way to the Maldives for our honeymoon, so we thought we would see what all the fuss was about at the Burj Al Arab for 3 nights.I was worried that the hotel was going to be a huge letdown, but not at all. It was fantastic from start to finish and in every way. We arrived around 10:00 and our deluxe suite on the 7th Floor was already available. The deluxe suites are the most &quot;basic&quot; room types available, but this was still luxury beyond anything I could imagine. We had incredible views over the gulf waters from the main room and the upstairs bedroom. The butler and floor manager and incredibly receptive, and I don't think I had to open the door myself once on returning to my room as they always got there ahead of me. There is a good laptop with broadband in the rooms, and technology has generally been used to the full - a touchscreen controls the TV, call to butler, curtains etc. The bathroom is excellent - his and hers basins, large jacuzzi bath, shower with multiple jets. In addition, they provide incredible toiletries - all Terre D'Hermes, and utensils - e.g. Gillette Mach 3 Razor.Bedroom is huge and comfortable, and would be fine as the hotel room in its entirety - you have a choice of mattress type and pillow type.Suite overall is comfortably better than any flat I have lived in!The spa on the 18th floor is lovely. The mixed pool is an infinity pool overlooking Dubai; really nice at night.Breakfast buffet was included, and was good standard.Finally, the Wild Wadi water park is a very close walking distance (5 minutes) to the hotel and is free to anyone staying there. This was great fun, and I recommend guests at the hotel should visit here for a day!Overall, I recommend everyone, within reason, should stay here. They won't regret it!	
Mar 15 2009 	Our second time around We like be treated like a King and Queen	Okay,Okay we are neither a King or a Queen,but for one night and a high limit credit card we were. We stayed here back in 2006 and enjoyed the place so much we thought we would splurge again.SO $1800 later we were upgraded to a two bedroom suite. Again you are just in awe of the place driving up to it and finding a local taxi driver to do it is easy as they don't get many chances to go there. We were on the 18th floor this time and were greeted by concierge by name and remembering what we liked last time. We spent the night at the races and returned to our beautiful hotel and had dinner at the buffet in th lobby.Didn't think that was worth the $250 price tag. Breakfast out back the next morning was only $50 and had filet on the buffet. Had a Corona up in the bar $50. You are not getting away cheap here. We thought the room was showing some age this time as there was a wear spot on the des chair and all of the shower head sprayers were not working. Piddly stuff but again it's $1800 a night. Hard to sleep here when there is so much to check out and being of humble living back home we were like kids in a candy shop. We were not excited about the mirror over the bed but later found out that you can have it covered.There was not a diet Pepsi in the hotel but was assured that our next stay there will be some.Fun place to stay but very expensive.Lots of memories. The Burg is Dubia.	
Mar 12 2009 	Treated like Royalty from check in to check out	I had the pleasure of staying here in September 2008. It was an amazing experience. Expensive but worth every penny. The room was an absoluting beautiful. It was 1850 sq ft with two floors and spiral stair case. His and hers sinks in the bathroom. A jacuzzi for two. Steam shower. The view of the Sea was stunning. 24 hour butler who tidied up the minute u left the room. They gave u full size Hermes fragrances, shampoos, body lotion, aftershave....etc. Lots of other free toiletries to take home like La Prairie's Caviar cream. There is a business center with laptop, fax and printer in each room. Nice swimming pool but who needs that when there is a private beach!I thought the food at the restaurants wasn't the best. It wasn't bad but I just expected better tasting food considering everything else about this hotel was top notch.I definately recommend this hotel to everyone. I know its expensive and not everyone can afford to stay here. Its totally worth saving for to have a once in a lifetime experience.	
Mar 6 2009 	wow wow wow	everyone should stay here once in a lifetime. it was the most incredible experience. expensive but worth every penny. service to die for. press a clicker, the butler draws your bath. hermes amenities, staff wonderful. there is nothing more one could ask for	
Feb 19 2009 	To stay or not to stay...	We'd bought our flights months ago for a long weekend in Dubai, but a couple of weeks before we were due to fly and we still hadn't booked our accommodation. The reason? The Burj Al Arab. With enough money to consider the idea of staying there, but not so much that we are able to squander it without much thought, we were in a dilemma. Could we really justify spending That. Much. Money?We decided to spend one night in the Burj and two nights nearer the center of Dubai (separate review).And to summarise before the details - the Burj was more amazing that I had imagined. It absolutely made our holiday and I'm now trying to work out when I can save up enough money to justify going back, for longer! As the Burj Al Arab is quite away out of the center of Dubai we decided to only spend one night there as we didn't want to waste a lot of the weekend travelling in and out of town - this was our first visit to Dubai and we wanted to see as much as possible. Landing in Dubai early in the morning we'd pre-arranged an airport-to-hotel transfer with BA to minimise any hassle. We got to the Burj around 10am. We were greeted as we walked into the foyer and were sat down while they took our details and passports. Someone brought us cold wet faceclothes (blissful given the heat coming in through the window), some coffee (served in a mini cup but I think with as many top ups as you'd like), and a plate of dates. They kind of stood over us though while we sipped our coffee and tasted the dates which felt a little bit awkward. Although knowing us, they'd probably asked us something and were looking at us expectantly but we hadn't heard. You can't see much of the hotel from these first few metres of the entrance foyer and what you can see is a bit disappointing. Dull gold, dull red and a bit worn.That changes as soon as you step onto the escalators to go up into the main foyer. You can see all the way up the hotel, to all the different floors, as the inside of the Burj is hollow. I hadn't realised. It's light, and airy, and really colourful.We were really lucky as a room was available for us straight away. They took us up to our room (10th floor but as each room is two floors high it's further up than it sounds) to do the check-in - although in hindsight they probably realised their mistake in doing that as they struggled to get our attention back as soon as they opened the door. We'd gone for the panoramic suite and were greeted with two storey high floor-to-ceiling windows and a blue and gold staircase sweeping up to the right. We figure the suite was about 2-3 times the size of our two bedroom flat. The pictures on the website don't do it justice and I just don't have the vocabulary or writing skill to help out much. The word that comes to mind is opulent, and all the others associated with it in a thesaurus. I'd heard that the Burj is actually a 5* hotel and the 7* rating is just clever marketing. I don't know if this is true, but if it is, after seeing this hotel, I think the 1 - 5 star rating system needs to be changed as this hotel is way above any 5* I've ever stayed in.There are stickers on the windows to let you know that any window cleaners that might pass can not see into the room. Although I'm not sure how true that is if the lights are on?!As you will have read in other reviews, there are lots of complementary goodies in the room. Obviously we'd paid for them in the rate, but there was more than I'd even expected. His and hers shower gel, his and hers shampoos, his and hers deodorants, his and hers scent. And when I say 'his and hers' I don't mean one shared bottle with a smell to suit male and female, I mean one bottle for him and one bottle for her. Full size. Hermes. Slippers, Flip flops, Beach Bag, box of stuffed dates (the most gorgeous dates I've ever tasted), and even a bottle of wine.Be careful that you don't help yourself to the non-free items though - prices for those are in the mini bar menu. We found the pillows (I guess they're not expecting people to go to bed at 11am but we were still tired from the flight) and had a nap for an hour before heading out to the Wild Wadi waterpark, a few minutes walk from the hotel and free to guests. You get free towels from the park as a guest of the hotel but you have to pay for a locker (~£5 per locker).I'm glad we went to the park, but it wasn't really that great and I would have been gutted if we'd paid extra to go in. The slow moving river, where you sit on or cling to a rubber ring and float around is a bit boring. The fast chutes, where you sit on a rubber ring and are pushed around by water jets are actually a bit painfull on your rear! The wave pool is ok I suppose and there are sun loungers around it but not worth visiting the waterpark just for that when the beach is not far away. And I expect that the newer waterparks in Dubai have improved upon it.We headed back to the Burj to use the gym (about 4 of each cardio machine, free weights and various weights machines) and the spa pools (female only pools in the ladies changing rooms, and combined male / female pools near the mens changing rooms). Windows overlooking the water (the pools and the gym, not the changing rooms). Very. Nice. Indeed.As we'd messed up our eating clocks on the flight we weren't hungry for lunch but would be too hungry if we waited for dinner, so we decided to have afternoon tea instead. We ordered it to our room so that we could loaf around in our dressing gowns to eat. It was huge. Mini buns, finger sandwiches, cakes and scones. I think there might have been 8 scones. It was delicious but we couldn't finish it. When we gathered the willpower to move again we got dressed and went up to the skybar for a couple of drinks. It's a nice bar, but it's nothing really to rave about. The drinks are quite expensive, though that wasn't really a surprise, and it was fine for a few glasses.We had a choice of two restaurants for breakfast (included in our rates) - we chose the one on the ground floor with lovely views of the outdoor pool. There was so much choice. If you get the chance, try the honeycomb!I guess if you have to choose between one night in the Burj Al Arab, or a luxury all inclusive week somewhere else, then you're probably better off going with the other option. But if this is something you want to experience, and you don't mind spending that much money, and you want never to look at another hotel in the same way again, and you want to spend the next age rejigging your budget so that you can go back, then what are you waiting for! Go and book it!	
Feb 15 2009 	Thanks for the memories	I recently had a two night stay at the Burj Al Arab (BAA) and was thoroughly impressed. Though I agree with other reviewers that perhaps this was just a one time visit to try it and move on. My greatest fear was that I would expect too much, and I think I walked away more satisfied than anything, with very few disappointments.My friend and I determined to book at the BAA based on it’s reputation—seeing it non-stop on television travel programs. I booked a two night stay on the hotel’s website for two nights, all-in a Panoramic Suite for 8100Dhms (roughly $3kUSD). We arrived early at the hotel and check-in was a delight. No front desk, no lines. Simply sit in the lobby, enjoy juices, dates and hot towels, as a guest service rep met us to check-in. Despite checking in early, where most hotels make it problematic, the BAA offered three options. First offer was an upgraded suite. Next they offered a different suite with an added bed. Or, simply wait for the originally reserved suite to become available. Thankfully we took the upgrade, which ended up retailing at 12000Dhms/night.The suite itself was nothing short of amazing. It redefines any hotel’s notion of a suite. I refer to it more as a mini-mansion. I was thoroughly impressed with the half hour tour of all the inner workings of the suite from our butler. The suite featured one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on, and one of the finest showers I’ve ever stepped into. Simply amazing. The technology added to the room’s lightning, temperature, security and other controls is second to none. I was impressed to have in-room wired or wifi internet, with the additional use of a computer printer. Though shocked they did not offer high definition television, despite having HD lcd monitors.The butler staff kept the room well stocked with fresh flowers, fruits and still water. The moment you leave the room, the staff is in there cleaning it and prepping for your return.I couldn’t get confirmation, but the smell and taste of the regular tap water indicated to me that the hotel possibly treats their water further after receiving it from Dubai’s desalination plant. Water which had a noticeable bad taste at other hotels in Dubai. One great aspect of the suite at the Burj Al Arab is the scent. They’ve managed to give the room a very neutral scent. No overpowering fragrances. The only problem encountered during the stay was with the concierge service. Twice they managed to mess up boating reservations at the Jumeirah Beach resort’s marina. Our butler service tried to cover for them, but the damage had already been done. Two days of boating were ruined.Otherwise the concierge and butler were very thorough in arranging for any other needs throughout the stay--especially when it came to transportation. The hotel operates their own car service which is comparable, if not more affordable, than one of the local taxis. BAA extensively promotes their high end luxury vehicles, but they also had a fleet of more low key, unmarked vehicles which were great to take around town without causing unneeded attention.Being that the hotel has become the national symbol for the UAE, they tend to draw a lot of amateur photographers and tourists at the gates. Security was very good about keeping a guest list at the motor gate and foot gate, and keeping the hotel free from many gawkers. They really offered a quiet, enjoyable hotel experience without having to navigate a lobby full of non-guest tourists.I would definitely like to return, but quite honestly don’t see value for the dollar for the price paid. It’s wonderful to try it, and maybe return years down the road, but I definitely won’t make this my first choice. Especially as Dubai begins to open even more first class luxury hotel offerings as it grows. I left with some amazing photos, and wonderful memories.	
Feb 7 2009	From a different world!	We stayed for three nights in a panoramic suite, on the 12th floor of the Burj Al Arab.Check-in was efficient, then we were welcomed in our suite by out personal butler, which did a perfect service during our wholhe stay.The suite is big, very big. And I recommend a panoramic suite, because of the excellent view you get. All the amenities are available in the suite and the entertainment system is probably the best you can get. (e.g. when somebody rings the door bell you even see the video on the big flat screen tv inside the suite!)Food was good, we ate at the steak house in the Jumeirah Beach hotel and also in the Al Mahara &quot;underwater&quot; restaurant. This experience was fascinating but also a bit frustrating. The setting is spectacular, although it is not underwater (just one big aquarium), the food on the other hand was a bit disappointing. We had a whole fish in a salt crust. They prepared it in front of us, served it on two cold plates and by the time the second plate was ready, my small piece of fish was already cold. And the fish was not cheap. Maybe they got better now, as they call themselves one of the top ten restaurants worldwide!Otherwise the &quot;Burj Experience&quot; was great fun, decadence anywhere you look. On the beach we were served Evian water sprays.... Stay here if you need to have seen it. In summer you can afford it....	
Jan 27 2009 	Once is enough.	I have read many of the reports people have writen about the majestic Burj and would give any one thinking of staing the following advice.If you can afford £2000.00 per day which is a realistic cost including dinner etc then give it a blast as it is something else.I have stayed a few times now and every time i walk out of the door i say &quot;never again&quot; but for some silly reason keep returning.I had a meal in the restaurant at the top, i am not sure of the name of the place, but for the 2 of us the bill was over £600.00 including a few drinks and a bottle of wine, which at home would have been £10.00, now is that you call expensive!The meal was also horrible! and and i do not consider 2 cubes of salt with 6 cavar eggs on top a dish i would crave, or eat in a hurry. The beef was excellent but the rest over priced and being honest poor.I will probably end up in the place again, but once the gloss of the fanstastic room is taken out of the equasion, the rest is no better, in fact worse than a lot of hotels in Dubai.I would also add the white Phantom RR is not free to guests, in fact it is 1,200.00 Dr per trip,or £240.00, i know i got the bill.Its worth a look punt if your feeling flush but i could think of far nicer places to stay for the money.	
Jan 18 2009	Even a 7* gets it wrong	Two years ago my daughter and I had afternoon tea at the Burj and it was fabulous; the highlight of our holiday. I told everyone about it. At the end of December 2008 we went for cocktails to celebrate my daughter's engagement. What a disappointment. The staff were visibly harrassed and on visiting the disabled toilet there was no toilet roll and no hand towels. Perhaps the opening of Atlantis has had a negative effect on staffing.	
Dec 31 2008 	Worth the $$	Yes, it's a lot of money. However, it's one of those things that you just have to do it once in your life time. Of course going in, we knew that Burj had exceptional service, but they were defintely a few notches above most hotels. During our butler's &quot;orientation&quot;, he mentioned that they could change the mattress if it was too soft/hard. Taking up the offer, we made the request. When we came back from dinner that night, the mattress had been replaced. We had late check out as our flight was at mid-night. Even after the check out, we could still use all the amenities of the hotel. We kept a change of clothing in the locker room and went about exploring the city. After dinner, we were able to use the pool and shower before we head out to the airport. I had a facial at the Spa. It was good but not outstanding. The lady behind the counter at the Spa (Qi/Qian?) was less than helpful when I was trying to make the appoitment and looked impatient. Also, you could hear people talking in the hallway outside the treatment rooms, which could be slightly irritating when you try to relax.Defintely try Junsui ( the new Asian restaurant) if you have the opportunity. The Wagyu beef was absolutely delicious. MMMMM...	
Dec 31 2008	too expensive 4 a medium result	the only good thing of our stay was the weather ! All in this hotel is opulence, yes, but ;... money is money ! Incredible... This is not a touristic area .... but a bank area ! You 've to pay for eveything a huge amount of money ... it's indecent ! &amp; People just even see you as a Credit Card in hotels , shops, restaurant....well it's not my world	
Dec 24 2008 	They say 7 star but this wonderful hotel misses the spot	The concept and suites are wonderful, you have to be amazed by the grandeur of this hotel. Like other travelers we found the pool wonderful. the Al Mahara restaurant the food was first class but total overpriced with a glass of wine being GBP30 or 150 Dirham, the Friday brunch was a joke at GBP96 or 495 Dirham the cavier bar only served lump fish &amp; Salmon roe, main dishes where rather dull, we saw most of the desserts going back half eaten and I followed the trend and returned most of mine uneaten. The services throughout the hotel is perfect and i was amazed that all the staff knew our name. The fact that they charge to allow visitors all over the hotel makes you feel like you are in a goldfish bowl and i agree with other visitors that this is very annoying when you have paid so much to stay here. All in all we enjoyed our stay but like most other people would not return to this hotel. Dubai has so many very good hotels and go to any of the golf clubs for a better Friday Brunch.	
Dec 6 2008 	Value for money ?	The 7* is self styled, although it has won several awards, a 7* category doesn't exist anywhere except in its promotional literature and PR.The 5* standard of most Hotels in Dubai is 'better' than many other hotels that are ranked as 5* elsewhere in the world anyway. Is it 50% - 100% better than the rest - that is almost impossible for anyone to quantify as it most surely is a matter of personal opinion.The restaurants are over priced and there is better food to be had elsewhere in Dubai. So my advice if you do choose to stay there is to eat elsewhere.If you feel that you will be disappointed or that your expectations would be let down then stay somewhere else.Perhaps best summed up by saying that as long as I could afford to stay in the Burj for at least one night when I visit Dubai then I would. It is without doubt the best overall hotel proposition that I have ever experienced. And it gets better each time.Is it value ? Questionable and depends on your definition of value. Did I do a sharp intake of breath as I paid the bill this year - yes, I did. Did I come away this year thinking it wasn't value for money - no, I didn't.I will always remember the moment I surprised my best friend with our first one night stay in the Burj in 2006 - that memory is priceless regardless of cost. Her mum had recently passed away and I wanted to give her something beautiful that I knew she would always remember in what otherwise would have been a crap year.Taking my sister there as a treat in 2007, when she had split up with her partner of 15 years and was in desperate need of some self esteem boosting 'guess where I've been and you haven't' news to tell.Staying there this year has been a mixture of scrimping and saving, paying off credit card debt etc BUT being able to share it with friends has been the biggest part of it for me.How do you put into words the 'value' of that? Or the value of being greeted by name by staff you have never seen before.Or sitting down to breakfast on our first day this year to find a waiter that you've never seen before holding 'the jam you like so much Ms xxxxxx' when you've not eaten breakfast there for over a year. Wild Blueberry and Cardamon jam by the way - not your run of the mill strawberry, although you can get that too.Or 'we remembered that your sister liked strawberries, so we've put some in the fridge for her'Or when the butler, on finding out that I was married but had left my husband at home to go on my annual girls holiday, brought a complete set of Hermes Terre Homme toiletries to the suite to say 'these are for your husband, please bring him to meet us too next time'So do I go with high expectations - yes.Have I ever been disappointed - no.Do I pay too much - probably. You only have to read the hotel reviews below mine to see that people go with very high expectations and people mark the Burj down because they found crumbs on the carpet or because the butler didn't walk them to the lift.If you look for faults because you've paid top dollar then I'm sure you will find them.If you go for the overall experience and thank whichever God you pray to that you can stay afford to stay there and share it with friends - then maybe there won’t be any faults to find.	
Nov 27 2008	Afternoon tea in the Skyview Bar on the 27th floor- a must do in Dubai	Yes it's expensive, but it's definitely worth doing. It's a great way to see the hotel and also a really good way to celebrate a special occasion. It's like no other afternoon tea we have experienced elsewhere, and we will remember it for a long time.	
Nov 21 2008 	absolute oppulance	We only stayed at the Burj for 3 nights and it all went too quickly.From the moment you step inside you feel special and in total luxury. The staff are very attentive but not in the way. The public areas are amazing especially the water features. The suites are like something out of hollywood and are huge. Everything you need is there, you don't really need to leave your suite, everything in suite is operated by a remote control,curtains,and even the front door. If you're missing everyone at home there is a laptop with internet at no extra charge. The butler will arrange anything you require, he even asked if we wanted him to unpack for us! The food and drink prices are expensive, but it is the most luxurious hotel in the world after all. We have decided to return for our 30th anniversary in 18 months time, best get saving!!!!!	
Nov 17 2008 	Lost for words...	We were given a 2 night stay at the Burj Al Arab as a wedding present from my Auntie. She had stayed the year before and said if there is one thing you have to do in your life is stay at the Burj Al Arab.. When we arrived, we were lost for words..... The staff are so attentive. Walking in you are offered rose water, delicious dates and cool towels whist you sit in the amazing foyer while they sort out your booking. The decor, water fountain and huge aquarium just blow you mind..Unfortunately our room was not going to be ready for another hour so they offered us complimentary drinks and nibbles in the restaurant upstairs. The room was absolutely amazing. Over 2 floors - amazing views. Spectacular bathroom. Out of this world technology (there was a remote that did everything - my husband just loved this!!!)We returned from dinner the first night to find a rose petal creation on our bed. Whilst admiring this amazing sight there was a knock at the door and one of the staff congratulating us on our wedding and giving me a bunch of roses and bringing in champagne, a gorgeous cake and biscuits..Unfortunately we didnt get to try the restaurants (a little bit expensive for us). We did have a drink ($22 aud for a beer and $50 aud for a pina colada) down by the pool. The only bad thing I have to say is that Ive had better pina coladas. I guess for $50 I was expecting something fantastic. For breakfast we went to the Marakesh (about a 2 minute buggy ride). There is a Dome here which is very reasonably priced.Another great thing is all the complimentary items and service you receive. Although you are paying top dollar, you do get a lot included. 24hr bulter, a fruit platter , biscuits and dates everyday. There was also free buggy transportation to the beach, the marakesh, wild waldi (free admission here too) etc. On the beach you got complimentary water and toiletries. When we left we got to take all the french toiletries that were supplied in our bathroom (even the slippers and thongs!!!) It was like Xmas!!!The overall attention to detail provided by the Burj is incredible. It was lovely to get all the attention from staff however it took a bit to get used to. For this couple from Perth, the Burj al Arab is an extraordinary experience. We will be back again (when we win the lotto!!!)	
Nov 15 2008	A special hotel but not the best	The Burj is a special hotel, but it should be at the prices they charge. The service, food and room are all excellent but having stayed there once I would not return unless money was no object. Why would I not return, well I think when the novelty factor wears off you could enjoy other hotels just as much. I stayed at the Dinarobin hotel in Mauritius at the start of the same trip and the service and food was of an equal standard. I was expecting the Burj to be better in every sense but I am sure there are alternatives in Dubai which would suit me and my pocket better.	
Nov 8 2008 	Sky View Bar - 27th floor	Nov 6th, 7:00pm myself and 2 colleagues had a coffee date at the Skyview bar. We had HUGE expectations going into the hotel, especially after just coming from lunch the day before from the Atlantis hotel.The start of the experience was great. The driver pulled up to the hotel gate, and security let us in. As we entered the hotel we were greeted by a staff member who had a huge plate of succulent dates, which were top quality.After wards we were on our own to roam the hotel. Personally I was expecting some sort of escort to the restaurant, considering the nature of the hotel. But we had free will to roam anywhere we chose. Really cool feature, as you take the escalator up to the main floor of the hotel, adjacent to the escalator is a huge aquarium, with exotic fish.So we found the elevator and went up to the 27th floor. Where I gave my name to the receptionist, and we were lead to our table. The staff was very courteous and respectful. When we sat at our table, I personally felt the decor was tacky. The couches were a dark leather green, and the ceiling had multiple colors (green, white, blue lighting). The menu that we were provided had a metal cover, and the pages were divided into sections. Each section divider was dark green, with a design that looked like random paint splotches (pink, blue, yellow). Quite ugly in my opinion.The menu had a list of drinks, and snack items. We ordered 2 Yellow Camel drinks (a mango milkshake made with Camel milk) and tea, and a tray of cheese for a total of 390 Dhms ($110 USD)The waitress offered to provide a Pashmina shawl for one of our guests who was chilly.25 minutes later, no drinks, no shawl, nothing. But people around us were receiving their order, even though they ordered after us. I caught the waitress attention, and asked again for the Shawl. 10 minutes later Shawl arrives, no food, no drinks.10 more minutes drinks only arrive. The waitress came back some time later, and asks if we need anything else. I say yes &quot;THE CHEESE PLS&quot;. About 1 hour after sitting down, she returns with a complimentary offering of small pastries, as the cheese still isnt ready.2 minutes later another waiter arrives with the cheese, but our table was too small to accomodate the cheese, drinks, and complimentary pastries without moving some items around. So the waiter takes the complimentary pastries away!!! He just takes them, as we are eating them! And replaces them with the cheese. So in essence, they were only complimentary, as long as we were quick enough to eat them!!!!!!The part that really bugged me the most, was I noticed other patrons around us, received a different menu, that actually had food. They were ordering actual food (outside of just drinks and cheese).Needless to say, the Skyview Bar of the Burj Al Arab was a HUGE HUGE HUGE let down. I was so dissapointed. I knew that I may not meet the expectations of a 7 star hotel, but I never expected it to be such a shame.	
Oct 26 2008 	Wow!	Please consider my comments relative to the fact the least expensive rooms at the Burj al Arab are over $2000 per night. As such, expectations are sky high.I agree with the last few comments on the Burj with the exception of the individual rating it who didn't actually stay there. To provide a rating based on a refusal to be admitted is ridiculous. The security is there to keep the many tourists who would otherwise overrun the hotel out. As it is, guests constantly wander the hotel taking photos (myself included).The hotel is spectacular and the staff incredibly attentive. One of them inquired in an unobtrusive manner as to the reason for my stay and when I said it was my birthday, I was provided with a cake, flowers, etc. All of the staff seemingly knew my name.The standard suite I had was two stories and provided a ceiling to floor view of The Palm Island and the new Atlantis Resort.The mixologists at the Sky Bar kept me entertained, and the view of the Burj Dubai (soon to be the world's tallest building) and Dubai coastline was extraordinary.The overall attention to detail provided by the Burj is incredible. That said, my one complaint involved the technology in my room, as I was unable to access the Internet on the provided laptop and I experienced difficulty on one occasion contacting my butler via my tv remote control (Yes, you are reading that correctly.). I should note that my concerns were attended to very quickly. While my 'complaints' are admittedly petty, remember the price of the room.In summary, even given my propensity for finding flaws, the Burj al Arab is an extraordinary experience.	
Oct 22 2008 	Its the little things that count	Due to some initial communication errors, my stay was delayed a few days, but as it turned out, it was well worth the wait. Needless to say the rooms are spacious and elegant, but it is the little details that makes the difference. Just to mention a few : All the staff seemed to know who I was, I never even got to use my keycard, the butler took care of that. The range of perfumes and other beuty products available in the bathrooms was enormous. The list of these little things just go on and on. Truly an experience !! It is only possible to award a rating of 5 on tripadvisor, but in the case an added category of +5 would be needed.	
Oct 11 2008 	The place is spectacular in every sense of the word.	I used the opportunity to stay here to celebrate my daughter's birthday and it didn't disappoint - right down to the extra effort made for her and the unbelievable chocolate mouse cake they sent for her. The place is spectacular in every sense of the word..Having said that, you are paying for the experience. It was, most likely, a once-in-a-lifetime stay as once you get past all the overwhelming sensations it substantially reduces what I would pay again.But, for those looking for the experience I recommend it.	
Oct 8 2008 	loved it	This is the most beautiful hotel i've ever been too. We did not stay here but maybe one day. But we did have dinner here and wow can not wait to return. I went onto there web address and went thru the dinning options and picked the restarant that best suited us,and that was the interntional buffet in the Bab Al Yam poolside restarant. From start to finish it was amazing, we had to show our booking reference to the welcome centre and then we walked towards the hotel with the different coloured lights, the entrance loby is wow, we where greeted by the staff and was told we could have a drink first in the sky bar on floor 27, we went up by lift and again greeted and shown to our table was given a huge menu and canpes. We then went down to the restaurant,the service is second to none as well as the food,ok the prices are going to be high but you have to think of the whole experiance and l don't regret it. You help yourselve to all courses which is fine for us,there was also a live cooking station, the desserts are my favourite and you don;t just have to have one. We went outside for our coffee and the waiter was talking to us very friendly. We not rushed but l could have stayed there forever. If l ever go to Dubai again l would be going back, unfortunalty we have no pictures has we lost our camera which is a huge shame so will have to go back again!!!!!	
Oct 6 2008 	simply the best	Booked the burj to celebrate my wife's 40th birthday. I had read all about the burj before hand and was worried it would not live up to my expectations-I was wrong, it exceeded them all!Driving up to the burj was an amazingsight that made us giggle with delight. We were checked in by security at the bridge who must have informed reception of our arrival, despite it being 8am, we were met at the door by welcoming staff with cold drinks and cold towel, paper work was discretly handled in minutes before being taken up the escalators to the internal lifts to our suite on the 21st floor. Here our butler took over with the guided tour of our suite, whilst another checked passports etc. The butler was fantastic very reasurring and never overpowering, and never made us feel uncomfortable, he completely put us at our ease, we declined his offer to unpack, but after an overnight flight accepted his offer to run us a special jacuzzi bath. It was very useful to have the guided tour as the suites are huge and packed with gadgets.I was worried about tipping and after reading forums decided on tipping the porters 20 dirrhams/bag and our butler 100 dirrhams. I had to catch the butler to tip him as he was trying to leave very discretly indeed. We arranged a guided tour of the hotel at 11am with our butler, this gave us a couple of hours to enjoy the suite, checking out all the amazing freebees, full sized Hermes products for him and her, for the men-aftershave, post shave balm, shaving cream, guilette razors, beautiful soaps, shampoo and conditioner, luxury slippers, moisturising cream, full sized toothpaste and colgate toothbrushes, coombes and loads of other stuff, the wife had similar range of goodies including La prarie (?spelling) moisturising cream. There was also a bottle of wine, cakes sweats,fruit and flowers. Not to mention the laundry bags which came in handy too.11am came and we had a personalised tour of the burj, we started at the skybar and worked our way down to the underwater themed restaurant with its private dinning areas, Nick our butler was obviously very proud to work at the burj and took delight in showing us around. all the staff went out of their way to make us feel very welcome indeed. Following the tour we played a game of squash-we must have been the only people to have played for ages, they supplied brand new top quality rackets and balls, we were the first to put 'ball marks' on the court. we then went to the pool area where we were taken to our sunloungers, towels spread out, sunshade erected and bottles of water and ice came and went without raising a finger. Someone came and cleaned our sunglasses, gave us some water spray and a newspaper.The pool area was empty, we were the only ones swimming and felt very protected by the lifeguards. We ordered lunch from the sunloungers and were seated only when the order was ready. I had to order the Wagu beefberger (£40), my wife had a great salad nicoise (£15) and 2 diet cokes (£4), the menu was reasonably priced except for the wagu, but when in rome!the food was worth every penny. We spent the afternoon at the waterpark which was empty ( I suspect everyone had gone to the atlantis) no queues at all. We went to the private beach and had similar 7 star treatment. Then back to the pool for more pampering before back to the suite. We were greated by another butler who poured some wine, changed the fruit bowl and cut up a beautiful fruit tart (I tipped him 50 dirrhams). we went upstairs, housekeeping had replaced everything and set out the suite for the evening with more chocolates and freebees on the bed. We went to the skybar for a cocktail each at 100 dirrhams, this included a selection of canapies and was excellent value. we ate at the souk next door in the irianian restaurant (My wife is iranian) and had a fantastic meal at a bargain price. We finally retired back to the burj where housekeeping had turned down the room and left more freebees.We slept so comfortably and only just made it to breakfast-but glad we did, we ate at the poolside buffet and ate very well indeed, huge selection of food, the best were eggs benedict and florentine, fillet steak and king prawns as well as usual selection, all simply fabulous (The breakfast I thought although fab was just bettered by breakfast at the shangri-la hotel singapore). We checked out at midday with bulging suitcases, smelling of Hermes products and thoroughly rested and truely impressed by the Burj (our bill for food and drinks was less than £100), we even got to keep the ?leather key wallet.We sadly left the burj to go the Al Maha desert resort for 2 nights (more at that review-but also fantastic). Our overall impression was of surprisingly understated luxury with service one could only dream of. I will be saving up to go again next year. Everyone should go at least once in their lifetime-if only for one night.	
Sep 26 2008 	Fit for a Princess	This hotel is absolutely without a doubt seven star. The service is unobtrusive yet charming, the room service is like dining at Nobu or Cipriani... in fact I recommend it over the food at the restaurants there. It was simply an unbelievable experience that I did not want to finish!We arrived and were seated in the grand foyer, given sweet coffee and dates then quickly shown to our room. We stayed for seven nights in the junior suite and when we were first shown to our room I didn't quite believe what I saw. Plush royal blue and ornate gold decor, sure it is over the top opulent but it really blew me away... in fact I thought I was going into an office (as the suite has it's own business centre) until I saw ceiling to floor sweeping views of the ocean.The bedroom was wonderful with an enormous bed so comfortable we overslept each morning and the television system is fantastic, with one remote you can turn off lights, open curtains, call for your 24 hour butler...Each day we were given gifts on our pillows in the evenings (lipgloss, nail clippers etc) and a box of macaroons/nuts/chocolates in our lounge. The complimentary Hermes products were restocked each time they would mysteriously dissapear ... well I wanted my moneys worth!It was like a fabulous apartment, truely regal and exactly like the photographs but better, definately worth the £1,000 a night.The pool is gorgeous and the surrounding area is stunning, it is a truely breathtaking hotel. The 'underwater' restaurant is remarkable and a wonderful way to end your visit.I definately reccomend this hotel. The only thing I would change is that the satelite TV is mostly Arabic, it would benefit from more English or American options, yet they have a full list of new release films also.	
Sep 22 2008 	Out of this world	Dear ReaderWe were really looking forward to this trip following the various reviews.We got back yesterday (spent 6 nights) and our holiday in Burj Al Arab was absolutely fantastic. We were both gobsmacked as we first entered the hotel. Some people may find the hotel OTT but it actually isn't. It's so vast, the colour, decor and furnishings compliment the building. I would describe it as contemporary Arab chic.The general ambience of the hotel is amazing, and we absolutely loved the style of the Junsui restaurant on the mezzanine floor, beautifully styled. All the restaurants were fantastic as was the food and wine but, extremely pricey. A three course meal for 2 with one bottle of wine wasn't under £600.Our room was amazing. Go for the Panoramic suite if you can (it's worth the cost) as most of the walls are floor to ceiling windows, so the views are breathtaking.The butlers are fab, very attentive. A different treat was left for you every evening.We preferred the private beach than the pool. We smiled the first time we got there.......it has it's own reception room where you get checked in and escorted to your sun loungers - FAB!Would we go again, most definitely.	
Sep 20 2008 	I wasn't prepared for it!	This hotel has got to be one of my most unforgettable experiences. The opulence, rich detail and service was beyond my imagination. Each luxurious suite comes with its own butler who can attend to all your requests 24/7. During my stay, I started coming down with flu because of too much work prior to the visit. They immediately called for the resident physician and made sure I was alright throughout my stay.While the interior was too much for my taste (all the gold trims - real and not), it exuded luxury. Had the opportunity to see the grandest suite (I forget the name) and it was stunningly seductive!All restaurants boasted of excellent cuisine, and beyond the cuisine really was the unique style of each.I'm only too glad I had a chance to see it during a business trip as it could be my one and only chance to see it.	
Sep 17 2008 	nice hotel	This hotel is located in Persian Gulf between Iran and Dubai. Although the price is high but it is worth to visit this hotel.The best thig of this hotel is that you can have a perfect view of Great Persian Gulf.All the rooms are highly equipeted and Restaurants are great.	
Sep 10 2008	What your not told	Hello to all of you looking to visit the wonderous Burj al Arab on your visit to Dubai. Throughout all the reviews I have read it tells you time and time again this hotel is a must visit on anyones stay in this city. It has shopping areas, Bars, and great restaurants. All may be well and true but if you are not a guest at the hotel or not booked for one of eiither Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner dont bother paying the taxi fare as you wont be allowed in.I had turned up in very smart clothing on the evening as it was my intension to take my wife to shop in Sak's 5th Ave and then to go for a drink in the Sky Bar but we were turned away at the gate by security. I have stayed at many top rated hotels with just as good architecture but that has never stopped to intrested tourist access to view what it claims to make it so special.	
Sep 8 2008 	Serious WOW factor!!	We booked into the Burj for the first part of our Honeymoon and found it to be the most magnificent hotel inside and out, so much attention to detail and extremely Luxurious.It was a real experiance and definately worth doing for a special occasion. We did find however that was all a little overwhelming and found it hard to relax, our butler contstantly wanting to do things for us, staff coming in alot to tidy up. We ended up going to its sister hotel accross the road to use thier pool as we found it more relaxing there.The skybar do amazing cocktails and not much more expensive than london prices approx £10-£12 each and definately worth the view.We had a lovely surprise when we arrived back to our room on the first night to champagne and a choclate cake to congratulate us on our wedding, along with roses chocolates on the bed such a nice touch.	
Sep 2 2008 	Heaven on Earth	From the pick up sevice at the airport, where Rols with flowers, water and cold towels waiting for us, welcome dates in the lobby, suite, service,food,...everything was immaculate. I have stayed in a many 5 star hotels around the world, but Burj is the best. We stayed in the smallest suite, arr.180 m2. Hermes freebies are waiting for us, also praline, wine, dates, fancy water,..Service- this is something special, which gives that hotel final touch, from butler, waitress, beachboys,security,....On the beach and pool they have a man which cleans your sunglasses. Free water, Evian spray and Lavander spray with cold towel you will get when you arrive on the beach. Ice is changing at least every hour. We even have laptop in the suite in which my husband put our Card from camera ( he forgot to put first camera in some card holder),in order to transfer photos on usb; and the card stuck in the laptop. I was in panic because all of our photos were in that card. He just called the butler and he for 30 minutes came back with laptop and saved card. Restaurants are great , breakfast is fabolous, also we were in Al Mahara and Al Munthana restaurants. Many people say that food is expensive, but I think that quality , service, taste and little touches worth that money.After Burj we were going to Abu Dhabi Emirates Palace. Great hotel, without any complaint, but when we arrived at Emirates Palace, we were not impressed with anything.Burj is 2 stars over.Burj costs a lot of money, but, it is unique and really worth every cent. I am starting saving money to next holidays in Burj!	
Aug 31 2008 	Burj oh beautiful Burj!	My family 2 adults and 2 kids stayed at the Burj for a week on our way back from Europe. We had stayed at the Al Qsar on the way over to Europe.We had an excellent stay at Al Qsar but every day we would look out the window and upwards to the worlds only 7 star hotel. We decided you only live once so why not splurge on our return visit to Dubai and stay at the magnificent Burj. We arrived in the early hours of the morning and we were told whilst still on board the plane that we may not be able to get to our hotel as several main roads in dubai would be closed due to a US VIP who was visiting Dubai. Luckily we arrived in Dubai just before the streets were locked down. When we arrived at the Burj we were advised that the VIP would be arriving at the hotel that morning and as such all our belongings would need to be xrayed. They said there would be alot of extra security and we would not be able to leave the hotel or move around the hotel for most of the day. The VIP turned out to be president Bush. We were shown to our suite but we were all eghausted so went straight to sleep without taking too much in. When we awoke we were all very hungary and ready to test some of the Burj room service. &quot;Sorry Madame but due to the VIP coming we cannot get any room service to you as the lifts have been shut down. We will send your butler to the suite to explain the situation.&quot; The butler arrived and apologised profusely when he realised they had not thought to make arrangements for a hungry family of four. We had travelled most of the night so were probably not in the best shape to deal with the thought of not being able to eat or move from our room for most of the day. We also had an issue with the blinds in the room. We were promptly upgraded to a two bedroom suite and arrangements were made to get us fed. The two bedroom suite was magnificent words cannot describe how unbelievable it was from the size to the attention to detail and the wonderful view. There were 4 flatscree tv's a lounge room dining room kitchen area and two massive bedrooms upstairs both with enormous ensuite bathrooms with full size hermes products. Every night a little gift was left on our pillows lip balm, sleep spray, la prairie face cream, perfumes and chocolates. Our room was filled with fresh flowers . The butler would come every night with a selection of nibbles and drinks. Our butler would fill the childrens bath of an evening for us and we were suprised he actually asked what our preferred tempreture would be. Having never really thought about that before we left it to the butlers discretion. We ordered some of the worlds most expensive room service most nights but it again was unbelievable. The kids had burgers that were delivered in there own Burj packaging similar to McDonalds. The meat patty in the burger is made from none other than Waygu beef.We went to the Skybar one evening to sample Burj cocktails. The mixologist comes around with his cart of fresh fruits and various spirits to hand mix your cocktail. I had two of the most wonderful cocktails I have ever tasted.I sampled the spa which was also an exceptional experience. There facials are amazing I felt pampered and younger as a concequence.The indoor swimming pools (there are two) both overlooked Dubai and the ocean. One is ladies only in keeping with Muslim requirements. These spaces were lovely with heating swimming pools and spas and were empty most times we used them - felt like they were our own private sanctuary.Used the hotel cars regualary to go shopping. The rolls were gorgeous! The shopping in Dubai is also fantastic. Had to slow down or buy more bags - bought more bags!Kids club in the hotel is small but available free to inhouse guests. Our kids went a couple of times to play computer games and most times were the only kids in there so not the place for kids to meet other little ones.The architecture lights, fountains, fish tanks and water features are amazing. We were told that the hotel is closed to tourists but we saw several hundred of them every day in the foyer area and on the first floor? Lots of cameras snapping and it sometimes was a little hard to move freely through these areas without the feeling you would be imposing on peoples photos. Was a little annoying. We also strolled around the building one afternoon only to be stopped twice whilst our guest information was checked. Very high levels of security which is good but left you a little uncomfortable about being constantly watched.We got to know the guy downstairs who serves the tea and dates to guests coming and going. He was delightful and ensured he always had a burj chocolate for the children. Finally this was a very expensive but brilliant experience. I still dream of the Burj often and hope I will return again in the future. If you get the chance to experience the unique and beautiful Burj you will not be dissappointed. Part of this hotels mission statement is to never say no to a guest regardless of the request. You will not be disappointed.	
Aug 27 2008 	i love you my husband hates you	i could sense my husbands unease when arriving at the hotel at 5.30am. his surprise had not been delivered!he had booked a rolls royce and the meet and greet service he boomed. i could tell they had boo booed as they just were not expecting us, no dates, water , towels etc. and the roller was supposed to be a surprise.we were a party of 4 it was our wedding anniversary and it was a bad start. whilst the &quot;madman&quot; was showing his confirmation on transfers and early checkin we sat around still with no service. eventually we were shown to our rooms.again my husband pointed out the emails on the rooms laptop and generally paced the suite. the poor butler was trying to give a demo on the rooms facilities so husband again pointed to an email from the burj welcoming us back for the 8th time!i was hoping it wouldnt be the last.when the butler returned with some drinks i was having a lie down and treating myself to some complimentary la prairie.were off ! the husband shouted, 2nd floor, what view is that!i bet the butler &quot;melvin&quot; wished he hadnt opened the curtains.off to the 16th floor. the 2 girls werent bothered so they stayed put more out of avoiding dad than wanting a good view.we stayed for a week and every day we got an apology from everyone including &quot;stephanie&quot; the duty manager.wait though it got a little worse. my husband was continually asked what the hotel could do to make ammends. they offered us a rolls for a whole day which he didnt need so he asked that the rolls could take the 2 girls and another 2 friends to the MOEfor shopping and a movie. no problem, then with an hour to go the butler said it couldnt bring them back! cue husband blowing a gasket.stephanie got it sorted, long trip out via the palm dropped outside the kempinski and the roller just a telehone away when needed for the return.thank the lord.food wise, fantastic, service around the pool, special thanks to namir and tag for the champers and strawberries.we ate in junsui with friends for the evening buffet which was good and expensive. the cost of drinks breaks world records in this hotel. the bab al yam for breakfast is always my favourite, very relaxed with a fantastic selection. i could eat the breakfast all week. we got sloshed in the skybar, again very pricey but worth the blast. it helps to have a few drinks with the mirrors on the ceiling!! the usual toiletries and delicacies were given daily and the butlers were efficient if not a little intrusive, they always seemed to be ringing the bell. maybe trying a little too hard.the stay was brilliant and i hope my husband calms down and we go back, right up until we left they were apologising offering to deal direct with shakir the reservations manager and trying to shove us into a roller but my husband would not relent.its the best hotel ive ever stayed in but my husband is determined to find a better one in dubai. does anyone know one!	
Aug 25 2008 	Fantastic Service!	We actually stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel (sister hotel) but we went to the Burj in the allocated time slots for drinks.We went up to the Skybar after taking in the OTT cars, decor...and people!!When we arrived at Skybar we wanted to sit by the glass (for the view), the waitress said they had a free table for us, so starting to walk towards it, but what she didn't know was that another waiter had just given it to someone else. We then had to sit on another table, not so good. Then suddenly 2 mins later the waitress brought us over 2 FREE glasses of champagne!! Wow! You would not get service or compensation like that at home! Plus the champagne was £20 per glass...so bargain! However, we did buy 2 ridiculously priced cocktails after! Which, I have to say, were delicious!I think you have to be slightly deluded to stay here, if you think its reality Im sure Im mistaken. It was like a theme park or tourist attraction than a hotel. I so prefered The Jumeirah or the Al Qasr. They were bigger and offered more amenities. x x	
Aug 22 2008 	The nicest hotel in the world no comparison	We stayed here for 2 nights as part of a trip around the world.We arrived at the airport around 6:00 A.M. and proceded to our cheuffeured BMW 7 Series that took us to the hotel.We were able to check in very early and proceded to the 12th floor. The room is the best room I have ever stayed in, one could easily live in there. It has 2 floors with the first floor having your own business center with laptop, printer, and fax machine. The first floor also has an amazing living room with gold surrounding a plasma TV and a sofa as well as a chaise lounge. There is also a smaller bathroom on the first floor. The second floor is the bedroom, dressing area, and bigger bathrrom. In th bedroom, we had 2 twin beds that were very comfortable and the room had another plasma TV and a sofa. The bathroom was huge, the jacuzzi tub and shower were very relaxing and once I was in there, I did not want to come out. The bathroom is also filled with Hermes products that range from cologne, perfume, deodorant, soap, and other products that are yours to take home. We had the basic room of the Burj, but that still trumps the best rooms at other hotels. The room is amazing.Next, the service was the best service I have received in any hotel. Any demand you have, just give your personal butler a call, and they will honor it, they can never say no, ever. While I did not ask, if you wanted a cheeseburger, they will get it for you. Each employee you interact with always approaches you with a smile and makes you feel welcomed. They are all very genuine and love having you here, they really do treat you like royalty.On our final night there, we ate at Al Iwan, a buffet on the first floor. It cost 990 AED ($267 USD) for both of us that included drinks and all you can eat, obviously. The menu had 5 courses, ranging from salads, main courses, desserts, etc. The menu had sushi, lamb, sirloin, and other items, so I believe you can easily get your money's worth. The only thing I was not crazy about was the camel's milk. It's great for your health, but to me it tastes horrible, and I could not finish mine. On the top floor, there is a bar and is packed, but the views are not that amazing. You can see the Arabian Sea easily, but it's almost impossible to see the city. It's still amazing how high up you are from the ground.Next, the pool is small, but it, along with the hotel's private beach, is very refreshing on a guaranteed hot, humid day. At the pool, you are given freezing cold bottled water and headsprays to keep cool.Also included in your rate is unlimited admission to Wild Wadi Water Park. We had a great time there and it was not packed, even for a Friday. This is without doubt, the nicest hotel in the world, and I challenge anyone to find a hotel that comes close to competing with it. This is not a stay, it is an experience. It is expensive, but staying at this hotel is a once-in-a-lifetime experience and you will not regret the price you pay. The staff and service is top notch, the hotel and rooms are unbelievable and nothing like anything else you will see in your life.	
Aug 13 2008 	Can I live here?	WOW!!!! I can't stop thinking about our stay on Burj Al Arab. Many years ago, I saw a documentary on this hotel and always wanted to go. Finally, for our Anniversary we decided to stay for 1 night. Our room was a Panoramic Suite with view to the city and the Arabian Sea. (Many of the hotel rooms the view is only to the sea). The room has 2 levels. The 1st level is office area, dining, living room, bar, closet and bathroom. The 2nd level is bedroom, master bath, and walking closet. Service is outstanding! Everytime we requested the Butler's service, he arrived immediately. At one time, we had problems with the Internet connection in the room and the IT person came very fast. Can you imagine? An IT person in a hotel! There are all kind of menus in the room: &quot;Newspapers Menu&quot;, &quot;Pillow Menu&quot;, &quot;Aromatherapy-Bath Menu&quot;. There is even a &quot;wall projection clock&quot; which I found very cool.There were also many &quot;gifts&quot; in the room. The Hermes products are full size (separate products for Men and for Women), cookies, dates, a canvas bag for you to take. Also, since it was our Anniversary we received a surprise cake, roses, and sparkling juice.If you ask me to compare this hotel to another one, I'll say that there is no comparison and this is why they said that they are a 7-star hotel. Will I stay again? Definitely, yes!!!! Staying at the Burj Al Arab is really something that should be done at least once in a lifetime.	
Aug 13 2008 	Deserves the hype !	Me and my wife stayed at the Burj as part of our honeymoon.We had booked a helicopter transfer, but due to delays in our flight, the hotel had to cancel this, but provided Rolls Royce transfers instead.From the moment we checked in, it was obvious...this was no ordinary hotel. The decor is outstanding, the attention to detail is stunning, and the rooms are just amazing.Our room was more like an apartment. Set over two floors, with the biggest jacuzzi bath I have ever seen. The staff couldn't do enough to make us feel special, even giving us a choclate cake, and flowers to celebrate our marriage.Put simply, this is the best hotel I have ever stayed at...in terms of pure luxury !We loved the Burj, and will DEFINATELY try to go back one day.	
Aug 6 2008 	good and bad...	Only a few coments as there is enough to read from others here. We were particularly worried about the staff 'asking for tips' described in other reviews. It was not a problem. Start as you mean to go on and don't tip the luggage porters. There is a very good DND - 'do not disturb' system operated via the TV, high tech and over complicated but it is worth the effort to get this explained, and also a low tech card thing to hang on the door. These worked for us. Good things:  'You have to try the frozen youghurt at breakfast, better than ice cream and you can pretend it's healthy and the express lift to 27th floor,' so says my partner.Staff everywhere were discreet and managed to leave you alone but were there if you wanted them. Bad things: The over-long explanation of the window drapes, the tv, dvd, laptop, the lights, the temperature control, the shower, the bath, the safe, the pillow menu (I am not joking) etc etc etc... The Al Marha Restaurant; an extremely tacky 'submarine' ride to a table by a giant fish tank. I was told repeatedly that a jacket was required, so I obliged, but this did not seem to apply to all the other male diners. On checking out they attempted to charge us for breakfast that should have been included and managed to duplicate the cost of dinner and charge us twice. A month later and we're still trying to get a refund. Check carefully before you leave, it's not as if they haven't got enough out of you already!	
Jul 25 2008 	This is how the other half live!!!!	My wife and I stayed here in between watching the Australian Socceroos play Qatar in Qatar and a conference in the Jumeira Madinat next door. (see separate review) This was our little treat to ourselves.What a treat. I am a very self-reliant and low key person, so felt a little uncomfortable at the start when greeted by 4 people lined up at the entry with cold face towels, juice etc. But, hey, I got over it real quick. This is a hotel where EVERY staff member greets or acknowledges you if they pass within 2 metres. After taking copies of your passport, you are taken to your floor level to be checked into your room - in your room. Your personal floor butler takes you on a guided tour of your two level suite and then you complete the documentation necessities at your study desk. Complimentary unlimited internet access is provided on your supplied laptop (we also had our own laptop and the IT people set it up with wireless access for us - this was a great way to stay in touch with friends and family + attend to the business obligatories whilst away).When reading the reviews on this hotel regarding decor etc, you must remember that this hotel is one of excess. As such, the decor fits the bill. Try this decor anywhere else and you probably would throw up, but here it really emphasises what they are trying to achieve. Other reviews have said it all already - massive standard 1 bedroom suites over two levels, massive bathroom and powder room, full size Hermes products for him and her, daily afternoon snacks worthy of the desert menu in any 5 star restaurant and the list goes on.Whilst this hotel is HUGE in stature, there are only 202 suites so it is quite rare to wait for anything. We only encountered people in the lift once in our 3 day stay. We always got a sun lounge by the pool. Whilst the pool is relatively small, it is usually relatively empty of people swimming as well. The private beach is also a great way to go. You are escorted to your sun lounges and umbrella and provided with 2 towels each -1 for the lounge and one to dry off. Bottled water and ice are topped up VERY regularly - the ice doesn't get time to melt.The only downside of the whole experience is cost of food and alcohol. I was expecting it to be expensive, but still got a shock at some of the prices. We only booked 2 restaurants - Ultimate High Tea at Sahn Eddar (a truly wonderful experience) and dinner at Al Mahara (their signature restaurant). We were very hyped up about dinner based on all their promotion of the restaurant. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to the hype. Whilst the food was excellent quality and the aquarium was a great focal point it was not value for money. 1 glass of champagne on arrival for my wife, 1 glass of white wine for my wife and 1 JD and Coke for me with our meals which was 2 x &quot;seafood platter for 1&quot;. Total cost US$475. Again, we weren't expecting normal prices but......Would I stay at this property again? Probably not-once was enough for me. Would I recommend it to someone else? DEFINITELY. You HAVE to experience the ultimate in service, decadence and attention to detail it at least once in your life...no matter what the cost.	
Jul 21 2008 	Lives up to reputation	Stayed for 2 nights at end of trip to Dubai which also included 8 nights in Residence at One &amp; Only ( read separate review ).I have to admit I was a little apprehensive about stay, having heard such comments as TACKEY, and OTT. I have been for dinner and drinks and have never thought it to be tackey. Tackey to me is Blackpool, or downtown Las Vegas. Hears my take the service is the best in Dubai, The staff are the best trained, and the longest serving of all the hotels in Dubai, many over 5 years (a rarity in Dubai ). The staff per guest ratio is the most of any hotels worldwide. The suites are spectacular ours was a two bedroom. It was massive, three bathrooms, two living-rooms, two dining areas, a fully fitted kitchen, a dressing room, 4 televisions, and an incredible 16 phones( yes I counted). You also get your very own butler, another myth I'd like to burst is I've heard people say that the staff are always in your face, not true if you dont want disturbed then you wont be, They are there to serve you not control you, and at no given time did I feel suffocated. The pool area is quite compact, but yet again the service is impecable. I'm sure if you wanted the staff would have given you a quiet spot if you wanted. There is also a private beach (there are better) and an indoor pool attached to the spa and fitness which is stunning although I have been in nicer spas ie The spa at the One &amp; Only is a class apart. To sum up this lengthy report if you have booked you are in for a treat, don't listen to the negative reports I believe they come from certain catagorys of people. 1/ People who have never actually stayed and are jealous. 2/ People who can't afford to go back so they talk it down to make theuselves fell better. 3/ People who felt it was to much for them and felt uncomfortable. 4/ People who prefer to be big fish in small ponds. Would I go back in a flash, would I recommend it absolutly. It quite simply is the most luxurious hotel on the planet.	
Jul 10 2008 	Totally hilarious!	Firstly, I would like to express to Tripadvisor how disappointed I am that this world famous hotel is not listed on your Best Of... awards.You astonishingly have no Middle Eastern category, which is not only bizarre but also for an international hotel review site completely WRONG as in my experience some of the finest hotels are in this part of the world. I know you are an American site, but this part of the world not only exists but shock horror, can also be quite fabulous.And this hotel is no exception. It's billed as 7 star and not far off it as service goes.... personal butler etc. I found this a little intrusive at time but that's part of the whole experience being completely OTT.... great if you like that sort of thing! My hubbie &amp; I are a little more low key but we found the experience amusing somewhat. We stayed in a one bed suite which I think is the smallest in the hotel but still it was vast... bigger than most flats in London! The bathroom itself is bigger than most hotel rooms. The decor is truly, fabulously hideous! If Liberace was born again as an interior designer, this would be his baby. There is sooo much going on in the colour scheme it is actually quite tiring to look at for long. Lots of gold and shockingly for a Muslim country, mirrors strategically placed above the bed and by sofa in the bathroom.... ;o)!We loved the fruit bowl &amp; delicious munchies left every day in the room. there were nice personal touches here and there. However, on a few occasions we had left things around which when we returned to were inexplicably disposed of, including most of a very expensive drink!The only downside is that numerous times my hubbie was spoken to and consulted on my behalf with me standing right there as if I were a mute lemon! I realise these can be Arabic customs but I have never before encountered them on my extensive travels in this area. For an international hotel to adopt this practice with it's numerous western guests seems a tad insulting. Overall, a fun stay!	
Jul 10 2008 	What a special treat	We stayed at the Burj Al Arab as a special treat. It is so expensive costing £750 a night excluding breakfast but we went to get engaged so it was a special occasion. Is it worth it? Definately as a one off but to be honest its too much. The hotel is simply stunning and the rooms are amazing. The service is excellent. We ate at the Japanese restaurant within it and it was fantastic. I went to the spa and it was empty but i also got a treatment which was expensive and probably not worth it. A can of diet coke is £4.50 by the pool. You are given free water topped up with ice and evian spray together with cool towel and lavender spray...all nice touches. The pool itself is nothing to write home about and is quite restictive with regards to sunbathing. Will I ever go back...maybe for afternoon tea but not to stay. We stayed at the Jumeriah Beach hotel its sister hotel beside it and its fantastic for half the price....we stayed in the Club Executive part of Jumeriah Beach and its the best ever!	
Jul 4 2008	Indulgent Afternoon Tea at the Skyview Bar	Booked Indugent Afternoon Tea at the Skyview Bar on the 27th Floor.We were going to be late,as we couldn't get a taxi from our hotel.When we called to advise them,they were fine and told us not to rush and that they'd hold out booking.When we arrived,we were quickly seated...to enjoy a leisurely afternoon of being spoilt...all after a glass of Moet and Chandon on arrival.It was everything and more than you would expect from a 7 star hotel..Its a definite must,and one for the ladies.	
Jun 23 2008 	best hotel in the world!	most amazing hotel in the world. went there for my honeymoon - will be going again for my wedding anniversary next year - can't wait.10 out of 10 for everything	
Jun 20 2008	Amazing	I have stayed here twice, once in 2002 , and again for the new year of 2006. what a hotelNo complaints here, great value for money, i paid 5700 for 8 nights with BA, and it was worth every penny you get treated like an arab princess, or prince. We will return again soon, Decor furnishings staff facilities etc etc ***********++	
Jun 20 2008 	OTT	We stayed here for 6 days for our wedding anniversary. We've stayed in some top hotels around the world and been treated pretty good but this was a whole other experience. It is definitely a once in a lifetime thing, I'm glad we did it but I wouldn't do it again. We ate at the roof top restaurant and the food was excellent and so was the view. Given the rating of this hotel I didnt find the cost too bad (approx £200 for 3 courses plus cocktails). The location is great if you want to stay in the immediate area for the sister hotels, Emerates mall and Water park, but we found getting around very stressfull due to the amount of construction traffic congestion and wreckless driving style of taxis.The butlers buzzed round like annoying flies and it became tedious to have to keep swatting them away. They even let themselves into our room whilst I was in the bath despite have informed us earlier that we would have to buzz them in. It was to bring us flowers and chocs for our anniversary but they wouldn't leave them, they wanted to hand them over personally (I assume to get tips) so they took the gifts away again and came back 20 minutes later making us late for our dinner booking.My advice would be to stay here for 2 nights, then book yourself into somewhere else in the old part of town for a bit of peace and to soak up more of the culture.	
Jun 18 2008 	Loved The Burj........Can't wait to go back!!	Having only ever had Afternoon Tea at Burj al Arab we promised ourselves we would one day stay here and realised our dream earlier this month.I know there are lots pf people think this hotel is OTT and Tacky but I didn't feel this at all (Well apart from Skyview Bar)Arriving by hotels BMW 7 Series I must admit we felt a bit apprehensive about staying here and worried we would be out of our depth but on check in we very quickly dismissed those feelings.We were taken straight to our suite after being meet by many smiling faces at the entrance and inside the lobby. Receptionist could not have been more friendly, asking us how our flights had been etc. Once inside our suite (212) we had to contain our excitement while we were shown around by our Butler Cliff. He explained all the gadgets to work TV, Curtains, Door etc and I really had to try hard not to look overcome. We were given a complimentary bottle of champagne, bottle of red wine and very posh French Water along with all the Herme's goodies in the bathrooms. I was in heaven! So was hubby, he was even checking that I didn't have more Herme's than him!After the Butler left our suite we jumped up and down and said to each other &quot;This is the Life&quot; Well it was only for 2 days! We decided to chill out on our first day after travelling for nearly 24 hours so we got showered and changed into our bathrobes and slippers ready to relax for the day.Later in the afternoon we thought we had better unpack and just after we had finished another Butler came to our suite with a bottle of Dom Perignon Vintage Champers! Wow! What had we done to deserve this, it wasn't as if we stated a Special Occassion or anything. Butler said &quot;Nice bottle of Champagne with Compliments from the Management&quot; As he was pouring it a Front of House Manager called (Jari Neilson, mislaid his card unfortunately) and asked if we were happy with our suite to which we replied &quot;Yes Thank you very much&quot; He then said &quot;I would like to upgrade you to a Two Bedroom Suite which wasn't available when you checked in this morning&quot; My hubby and I looked at each other in astonishment and didn't really know what to say. We very gracefully declined and told said man we were very happy where we were but thanked him so much for the lovely gesture! Yes, we were crazy and if we hadn't unpacked and had been dressed we would have gone like a shot!We had &quot;Private Dining&quot; which was very good and not overly expensive. Well we had to drink our Dom Perignon!After a great nights sleep in a very comfy and massive bed (Word of advice, Don't look up! Could have done without that mirror) we had breakfast in Al Iwan where we were to have it for both days. Great Selection of food and we loved the corner booths looking out into the lobby. Staff in there were so friendly and always making sure we had everything we needed. We then went out for the day (I really didn't want to) and on return smiling faces greeted us from the taxi &quot;Welcome back Mr &amp; Mrs ************* Lovely when they know your name as soon as you arrive! We ate out at Nina in One &amp; Only on our second night and really wish now we had dined at the Burj.Upon return we were greeted in the same way and our floor consierge informed us a BMW 7 Series would be taking us across to Dar Al Masyaf around 11-30 am next morning. The girl even knew which type of room we had booked at DAM (Unfortunately this did not materialise but will do seperate review on that)So back to room to pack up to go next day and already were feeling quite sad. We have never stayed in a hotel where the staff were so wonderful. We were made to feel really special and there were much more important guests staying than us.I just loved the opulence and splendour of the whole place and could very easily get used to it! Well for a while anyway!On check out the next morning we were feeling a bit deflated and when the bell boys started to wave us off I nearly cried! My hubby kept looking back and saying &quot;Bye Bye Burj! Sad!Will we return??? Too right we will, just as soon as the Bank Balance allows LOLJust a little tip, you may take it or you may not but if you decide to have a couple of nights at the Burj Al Arab I suggest you leave them to the end of your trip as after staying there the other hotels have a lot to live up to. In our experience anyway!	
Jun 12 2008 	Special	My wife and I stayed here in September in one of the Panoramic Suites (the one up from the entry level). We stayed three nights and could not fault the hotel or service one bit. I was a little concerned that the service would be over the top with staff following you about but this simply wasn't the case. Our butler team were excellent. They just seemed to know when you needed a bit of attention and more importantly, when you didn't. We found the experience to be like staying in a small intimate hotel as we could float about without coming across too many people which was really good. We took a couple of bottles of champagne with us and the butler even put those in their fridge and served it as and when we needed it!My wife loved all the Bvlgari goodies and there were lots of other little extras in the room that we didn't expect. Complimentary bottle of wine, slippers, flip-flops, dates, daily sweet or canapes etc. The decor? Yes it is different and yes it is opulent. Of course I wouldn't choose to have my house decorated like that but for the hotel it sort of works. Modern Arabic Opulence I suppose is the best way to sum it up. The hotel looks especially good at night.One night we ate at the restaurant adjacent to the Skyview bar. We were celebrating my wife's birthday and the staff ensured we had the best table and a fantastic chocolate birthday cake, which took two days to finish! The food isn't cheap but then it is never going to be. I had braised Wagyu beef for about £80. It was amazing. If the bitter chocolate souffle is still on the dessert menu, believe it or not, it is a snip at £25!!!We stayed during ramadan and this was actually a good time to visit. As long as you prepare yourself when out and about during the day as it is a little harder to find food and drink.In short, we loved the hotel, the service and when we have saved up enough (in a few years time), we will be going back!	
Jun 8 2008 	Drean Come True	I recently spent 2 nights at the Burj al Arab and it was everything I had expected it to be. I am someone who loves hotels and I first heard about this one about 5 years ago. I have dreamed of staying there ever since. The rooms are incredible and you have your own butler to help with anything you need. Be sure and either have Afternoon Tea or go for drinks at the Skyview Bar. The view from there is unbelievable. This is a once in a lifetime experience. Do not miss it if you are in the area.	
May 21 2008 	Afternoon Tea.. at the Burj Al Arab... 7 Star..	I didn't actually stay in the hotel, but really wanted to experience the 7 star hotel life style for an afternoon whilst in Dubai . So decided to book afternoon tea prior to our arrival in Dubai.On arrival at the hotel guest centre our details were check and the taxi was allowed to proceed to the main entrance, where we were greeted by hotel staff and shown to the lobby bar. \The hotel is just fantastic, it is totally over the top, but that’s what I expect from a 7 star hotel.Afternoon tea was actually a 7 course tea, served with Champagne, Sandwiches, Beef Wellington, Sorbet, Tea/coffee/hot chocolate (get to choose from a verity of different teas and coffees) Scones, Cakes and Sweets. It cost about 60 or 60 pounds each but was well worth the money, just for the experience.So if you have not quite got the money to stay here for the night then book afternoon tea just to see the hotel, really is worth the money. Fantastic.. A day I’ll never forget.	
May 18 2008 	stay there but only for the service	I'm in dubai quite often and either stay at the Burj or The emirate towers , Burj al arab is nice thats the only word i want to use for it , it`s one of those places that people talk about so much , it almost becomes necessary to go to. The service it immaculate.,i am very sensitive about it but i cant complain at all and trust me i would ,the management know what they are doing , there are right people on every position , the butler , the reception and so on ...BUT i have to say this the food is awful , and the decoration in the suits are well , let me just say tasteless , nevertheless the service is the reason why we always go back and its child friendly so stay there but eat elsewhere there are other restaurants near by at the Madinat jumeirah (5 min away) that are good and i have to mention this for the readers that like me are a bit selective when it comes to hotels and service AT 23.30 i called my butler and wanted my trouser ironed and a tweezer with in less than 10 min i had the tweezer and my trousers took less than 30 min	
May 18 2008 	Must try once in your life	The Burj Al Arab is very nice. The rooms are all suites and very spacious. they are all 2 floors with beautiful views. Every floor has the own butler at their service. The rooms are clean and the hotel is well situated.While the service is great, it is not a 7 star. But don't get me wrong, the service is good. A 7 star for me means to go beyond the expected and they do not do that. They could not make reservation at 2 restaurants I wanted. They would not use the Rolls Royce Phantom to take me to the airport even though one was available and out in front of the hotel.Would I stay here again? Probably not. There are plenty of better values for your money. However, as one who likes to try luxury hotels, it was worth the stay!	
May 7 2008	Very Interesting	I just asked my teenage daughter what she thought of the Burj and she just said &quot;Interesting - I mean it was gooood but weird.&quot;I think that's a good way to put it. It is over the top and I LOVE the other reviewer who said it is decorated like &quot;Versace on acid.&quot; The place is gaudy and flashy yet some how it all works. We had a two bedroom suite and believe me there was PLENTY of room for a family of four. Our children shared a bedroom and we had the master suite but the bathrooms were the exact same. We had a separate dressing area which the kids did not. The two bedroom suite has two separate living rooms, a dining area, a kitchen, an office/bar area and a small powder room. If you really want to see what it looks like go to YouTube.com and type in Burj Al Arab; some people have posted home videos of the suites there. There are a lot of tourists visiting the public areas which is a bit overwhelming and hectic by times. But once you get into the guest only areas it is so quiet you can then really appreciate the hotel. It has many beautiful areas.The spa is great. In the women's spa be sure to ask for a therapy room with a view. I was in a room overlooking the water with the Palms in the distance, it was spectacular. The beach area is fun but you need to get there by 10:30-11am to get ocean front. Be sure to schedule at lest one beach day - you will be pampered. It is thoroughly enjoyable. The pool is also nice and the pool restaurant is better than usual pool faire. They have a great lunch time buffet.The butlers are there to serve and take care of you so sit back and enjoy the experience because they are going to keep showing up over and over again! Take advantage of the unpacking and repacking of your luggage; not many hotels offer that and that's just one of the things that sets this hotel apart from the rest. We stayed at the Burj for five nights and the first day is somewhat overwhelming but we quickly became used to the over the top service.I have to warn you that his place is EXPENSIVE. My daughter ordered a couple of Shirly Temple drinks (just soda and cherry grenadine) they cost $25 EACH!! Their highlight restaurant Al Mahara (the one with the aquarium) listed soup for $70 a bowl. Champagne cost $200 a glass. We were quite prepared for an expensive vacation but some of the prices were stupidly expensive and the quality of the food while good, was simply not worth the prices. Some of the restaurants at the Burj's sister hotels had food as good or better at 1/3 to 1/2 the price.All in all, still an experience not to be missed.	
May 4 2008	Okay.......	I was at the Burj for a 7 night stay, the room and decor are as I say ' versace on acid' - extremally in your face but somewhole it pulls it off because it is so extravagent. I arrived at DXB in the morning and had the staff waiting for me - to escort me to the helicopter, i didnt even need to get my bags which was nice. The helicopter ride was very nice lasting about 15 minutes, great views of S.Z road and the palms. The landing was very fun and one of the highlights of the trip. Once we got inside i was escorted to my room on the 25th floor - i think it was the top range suite but Im not sure - check in took place in my room and was pretty quick. One thing i didnt care for was the butler would not leave you alone, i know its a special place, but literally they would wipe your ***!!! - the resturaunts were very good but so pricey! - overall i feel its overpriced but good for a one off, ive been here several times - because i do like the iconic nature of the place as well as the quietness by the pool.	
Apr 25 2008 	Seasoned Burj visitor - yes with small kids!	Stayed at the Burj many times with my 3 small children and each time it has been a wonderful experience. I find that it is relatively child friendly - OK, the restaurants dont take kids in the evening but to be honest who wants to waste that sort of money and foods on kids??!!! The staff always seem to make a fuss of the kids and they are soon known by their names by the staff!! The pool area is always accomodating with the kids and the Sinbads indoor kids club on the 18th floor is a great place for them out of the hot midday sun. We usually get a buggy to Wild Wadi or the Burj beach - great to have your own space away from the masses that you can get at the other Jumeirah properties.Staying here has got noticeably more expensive in the last year - as prices compared to the same times I went last year are up by 30 - 40%.If you havent been here before and you are looking for a wow factor experience then this still has to be the best place in Dubai. Have eaten at the restaurants but personally I think there are better ones in Dubai and nearby for less money. Recommend the Pices in Madinat and the Fairmont hotel certainly is one of my favourites.	
Apr 21 2008 	Fabulous!	Everyone should stay here at least once, it was unbelieavable. The rooms will delight and surprise even seasoned travellers. We found the service fine, did not use the pool or restaurants as not really family orientated but it is easy to get a buggy wherever you want to go on the Jumereih strip. Loved the whole OTT vibe, yes people coming in just to say they've been to the Burj for dinner/drinks whatever can be annoying but once you are in your beautiful room with its beautiful marble staircase/chandelier they are forgotten.Would love to go back one day and arrive on the helipad!!!	
Apr 16 2008 	Absolutely Amazing	I booked a one night stay here as part of my husband's surprise birthday trip and truly believe this hotel was the icing on the cake of a fantastic holiday!From the moment we were escorted from leaving the plane through to the moment we checked out we received outstanding service throughout our stay.Our flight arrived at 7.00am and I had requested an early check-in, but was fully aware that this was not a certainty. However, by 9.00am we were in our beautiful 1 bedroom suite. Yes, the colours are bold and the decor is very much 'in your face'! However, when you remind yourself you're in the Burj it somehow all just makes sense and seems to fit perfectly! Your butler will show you around the suite, once they have checked you in (in the suite), but chances are you won't be paying too much attention to him because you just want to run around and try to absorb everything from the amazing views, the yummy dates and fruit, the amazing free Hermes toiletries to the remote control that contols everything!The living area downstairs has pleanty of seating area with the separate business area with laptop. Hidden in a little cupboard behind the desk area is complimentary tea/coffee and water. The fruit bowl on the table was filled with a delicious array of exotic fruits. The staircase leads you up to the bathroom and bedroom. More amazing views from the bedroom and a very comfortable bed.... the mirror above the bed... well everyone has their own opinions! Again, a separate seating area and table within the bedroom. Between the bedroom and bathroom there is pleanty of wardrobe and luggage space. A dressing table area with a really powerful hair dryer! The bathroom is huge with 2 separate sinks, large walk-in shower and a jacuzzi bath. There is a variety of his and hers Hermes toiletries (full size bottles) which were replaced 2-3 times during our one night stay there.Our room was serviced 3 times during our stay there and my husband was given a cake and card to congratulate him on his birthday.We did have breakfast at Bab Al Yam which had enough food to suit most people's needs. The private beach is lovely and is reached by the buggys that transfer you around the grounds of the hotel and the surrounding Madinat complex. Whilst on the beach, you are provided with ice towels, water and face sprays and the sunloungers were fairly well spread out. We have had afternoon tea at the Skyview Bar (on a previous visit) which we would highly reccomend. We didn't eat in any of the restaurants, but did the buggy over to Pierchic (at the Al Qsar hotel) and had a delicious meal to celebrate my husband's birthday.From reading the various reviews on this website and the Dubai forum, I had gathered that the Burj attracts a variety of people. - those that may have saved for a long time to have a once in a lifetime experience and those for whom spending a night (or several!) is a regular occurance.... I feel that whether you fall into either category or somewhere in the middle, it is an experience that you will not forget, and most likely, not regret either!	
Apr 10 2008	over the top	we spent easter in dubai; our first visit there. Having booked into a premium leisure room at the Jumeirah Beach, we were literally faced with &quot;the Burj&quot;. There is a huge amount of hype about this 7 star hotel so I suppose we got sucked in. I decided that, as we were &quot;in the area&quot; we would stay a couple of nights. Check-in was unimpressive as you are left sitting in the lobby while non-residents snap photos all around you. Yes, it is spectacular , but very much over the top. The rooms are super, as described in other reviews; but I was not impressed by the service. Our butler failed to tell us, despite being asked, that movies could be accessed on the tv. This resulted in an hour and a half wait that night while staff tried to find a dvd for my boys. The receptions on each floor are a bit of a nonentity as far as I could see- the kind of place one might put a trainee manager to give him something to do. Indeed, the arrogance of one of these &quot;guest services managers&quot; caused me to make a complaint to the hotel manager. (On that note, I must say that I received follow up on my return home- and a lovely bouquet of flowers)We ate in the seafood restaurant(al mahara)- a wonderful experience and the staff was fantastic; making a big fuss of the children.There is a children,s menu, which I had not expected, and it is quite acceptable.The rooftop restaurant(al muntaha) was, by comparison, not as good. It looked like a popular spot for ladies who lunch and there was much flashing of diamonds and gold.Children are welcome at lunchtime.Room service was very good; promptly deliverd,beautifully served and very tasty.Pool is a bit small and appears to have an afterthought tacked on around the edge. Pool service is very good and friendly- none of the arrogance that is displayed in other parts of the hotel.Whilst the rooms are well maintained, it seemed to me that every time I turned around there was someone in the room doing some maintenance or other. I enjoy a twice daily service but I thought it was overdone here.Whilst staying in Dubai, we also went to Verre at the Hilton (Gordon Ramsey) and Frankie Dettori( at the marina) and had exquisite meals....both highly recommended.In retrospect,staying at the Burj was the experience of a lifetime. It certainly lives up to the opulence expected of a 7 star hotel. However, I did not find that the service was 7 star. For the first time ever on a holiday, I found myself very conscios of the gap between rich and poor- highlighted by the number of workers I met in Dubai who have not seen their families for a couple of years.Would I return?? To be honest, I think it is rather like visiting SAnta in Lapland- best done and most appreciated when done just once.	
Apr 7 2008	Worth the MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	£1000 a night..............worth it as a once off or maybe more if you got the dosh!Lets start with arrival at The Burj AL Arab...The entrance is grand in every sense and you have to pass a security entrance before you drive onto a man made island which is the foundation for this enormous modern icon of one of the worlds most famous and luxurious hotels.We stayed for one night which going on their prices was the price of a weeks holiday.On arrival we were checked in with a personal butler to assist..This was aided by cocktails, choclates and dates to wet our appetite.Our suite was on 26th floor or 54th story and was duplex.The colours and decor were rich and austenacious with ahuge ,amounts of gold, red, purples and silk.The suites were huge with floor to celing views of the Arabian Gulf.A remote control which worked all devices including, lights, entrance,tv,jacuzzis, etc was also a fond memory.The bathroom was luxurious in every sense and we paticularly loved all our Hermes goodies!We dined in the &quot; Al Mahara&quot; on the night of our stay which was extremely pricey but worth the exclusive feeling of being in such a special place.The food was good but the service truly amazing.My partners birthday was acknowledged with a surprise presentation of a most wonderful choclate cake.Afterwards we went up to the skylounge where you paid for the privelage of a gin and tonic that had to be the worlds most expensive.The views and the chic of the crowd and surroundings made it all worth while.The pool area was surprisingly smaller than I thought amidst the array of the gucci and prada brigade.All in all.......was it worth money??????????? YES......do it at least once and enjoy!	
Apr 1 2008 	BAD	i thought that one's stay at the burj al arab would be rather splendid and i was extremely foolish to think so. as i arrived at the airport on first class from emirates we were taken by helicopter to the hotel. My gucci gown was ruined on the arrival and the sun was to bright so i had to close one's eyes for much time when we arrived we were handed oil in our hands that wouldn't come off for a while and our butler got in the way. the room was poor and the building and rooms bog standard. One would never go there again and would compare it to the dorchester hotel in london which is utterly ridiculous.never shall i set foot here again.	
Mar 28 2008 	Unique experience	I stayed at the Burj in 2006 for 3 nights.It was a unique experience and definitely one that I will remember for the rest of my life.If you can afford it, and you go to Dubai, do not miss the opportunity of your life.I simply don't understand how you can be critic about anything in this hotel.I was a sheik for 3 nights in my life, and since then I didn't feel that flavour again.	
Mar 22 2008 	Awesome but disappointing!	I'll start by saying the room and building itself are just an awesome site - don't get me wrong. And just to say that I've stayed at the Burj Al Arab will be something that I really don't ever anticipate knowing anyone else will be able to match in my group of friends. However, I was disappointed by some of the service provided. For the money paid - I was expecting to be wowed! The check-in was a bit of a cluster and the check-out was as well. In fact, the entire stay went to h#$% once we recieved our checkout bill. They have no real organized way to control the madness down at the entrance and they are trying to get people onto shuttles/taxi's/incoming passengers/etc and you are in the middle of the maddness. The fitness center was lacking as well for such a nice place! It was nothing better than a hilton fitness center. All in all we don't regret staying there - but we will never do it again - merely for the price.	
Mar 17 2008	Lunch at Al Muntaha	We recently had lunch at the Al Muntaha restaurant on the 27th floor of the Burj al Arab. While the views were stunning and the building itself is quite impressive, I am not sure the food was worth the 495 AED ($135) per person.One would expect to have a rather impressive menu to choose from at this price and also excellent service. The service was above average for Dubai (given that service overall in Dubai is relatively poor) but not at the level I had expected. The menu choices for lunch are limited to a set menu. There were 3 choices for a starter, a fish starter, a chicken and rabbit dish, and tomato consomme. This was followed by main course options of beef with mashed potatos, a fish dish, and lamp cutlets. Dessert options included creme brulee, cheese plate, or ice cream.I chose the tomato consomme followed by the beef with mashed potatoes, and the creme brulee. The food had a very good taste and the presentation was great, but nothing extremely complicated that couldn't be made in most other restaurants.This was a one time experience that probably everyone should have, especially for the views, but it may be worth just taking the high tea option in order to get in and see the Burj al Arab and surrounding areas. Surely, this restaurant will not become a place that people visit regularly.Given the vast selection of restaurants in Dubai, I would suggest most of them, especially Verre or some of the other well known places.	
Mar 16 2008 	Fantastic hotel shame about the service	I stayed at the burj for two nights as a present for my boyfriend.  Rooms - Out of this world, the amazing two story rooms complete with 2 bathrooms, living area, seperate bedroom, changing area and business centre can only be seen to be believed! Well worth the money.Service - the only dissappointment I experienced staying here was the terible service. The butler came into our room 6 times within the first night making it very hard to relax. We had already been warned about the 'tipping' so we decided that we would only tip at the end of our stay. However it was clear that the butler was not happy with this and became very rude. We asked for some wine glasses and were told that there were glasses in the bar- tumblers! In short not exactly 7* service.I would not let this put you off as the rooms and building are unmissible in my view!	
Mar 6 2008 	Over the top	I turn 40 at The Burj. It was amazing all the way around! They start by picking you up at the airport and taking you to the front of the customs and imigration lines. When we got outside I was given roses as we steped into the car. Upon arrival, we were greeted by a line of staff members giving us cold towels, figs and drinks. The suites are just wonderful. It's like a Trump building except this is the REAL thing. The &quot;underwater&quot; restaurant was very good and it's fun to go on the &quot;submarine ride&quot; to get there. We only stayed here 1 night before a trip to the Seyshelles but it was a great way to kick off a 40th birthday. A note.. I think you have to request the special airport pickup. It's totally worth it whatever it costs. If you're spending this much it's a drop in the bucket!	
Mar 3 2008 	For want of sounding repetitive - Absolutely Fantastic!	Don't want to sound boring and repetitive, but I have to say we had a wonderful 2 days here at the Burj, with very little to consider as a let down (apart from undercooked scallops, but that is personal taste!)We arrived off our overnight flight, landing around 8.30am. Through simple customs and no visa requirements, we were transported in around half an hour to the Burj.Soon we arrived to see this huge monolith looming fast, standing proudly at the end of its private road to an island at the edge of the sea. The doors were opened and we were whisked, leaving our luggage behind,up to the lobby where a fresh petal soaked hand towel awaited us. We were asked for our passport while we sat down for about 15 minutes. Then we were escorted by some 'executive', a most pleasant and informative young oriental lady, advising us of restaurants and items of interest around the hotel - a brief orientation. We arrived at our suite, door ajar, where I saw a business desk, laptop, fax and printer. I assumed this is the check in desk of the whole floor. How stupid - this was part of our room, the mini business centre. Taken aback and very impressed I was asked to sit down while our butler (so posh now!) showed the good lady around with a glass of fresh OJ. I signed in, credit card imprinted, and then we were both being shown around fully. Again Allan, our Man, was informative, friendly, not obtrusive and arranged meals and Tea for us. I was shown the remote to control TV, door opening (with a CCTV through the TV), curtains et al.Our suite was large and well presented. It had golden influences and a large chandelier hanging over the sweeping staircase to the 1st floor, but hey, it was fantastic!! Past the business area we had the mini bar and stools with complimentary expresso machine and water. Then the large sitting area with sweeping views of the World and sea. Large comfy sofas and 3 chairs around another writing desk and a small dinner table with 4 chairs, with fresh fruit each day. Night time came a knock on the door with a refreshing mousse and strawberry compote and biscuits. The second night we had cheese and biscuits! Also a downstairs, a loo and bidet the size of a small dining room at home perhaps! Plushly carpeted and very comfortable, this was a beauty of a floor.Upstairs we had our hallway and to the left was the main bathroom, containing a large sunken jaccuzzi, walk in double shower, bidet and toilet, double large sink and sitting area. Biggest bathroom I have seen and well appointed and lots of Hermes freebies worth over a hundred pounds in all (including other extras). We had a treble wardrobe/closet and safe in the hallway and in the bedroom we had a large king size bed, a pillow menu of about 15 different pillows. Needless to say the wife put them to the test and the poor butler carried in them all with a pleasant smile, knowingly smiling at me! Curtains to the horizon were automaticaly controlled again. Lighting throughout was brilliant, with different ambient settings ranging form 1 to 5, depending on your mood and time of day.As it happened it was my wifes birthday, and just before we went exploring there was a knock on the door. I buzzed them in to see 3 staff and a guitar wheeling in a birthday cake and card and a lovely bunch of flowers and vase. They very nicely sung Happy Birthday and another song about growing old together (and giving her the remote control - NEVER!)... Actually all very nice and poignant - unexpected pleasure, that made our day.The lobby was swaithed in gold but I didn't find it especially tacky, the water fountaints and fish tanks either side were a nice colourful touch. The pool was nice though smaller than I expected, with beds to face the ocean. It was warm and sunny, though a bit hazy first and last thing. I had a wonderful Club sandwich and Potato wedges, all totally delicious and a mere snip at 30 pounds!Dinner was a buffet restaurant downstairs (Bab Al Yam). Very pleasant altohugh not the most wonderful I have been to. Service was good as was the food. We had a cocktail each but at 60 pounds a head, we thought a bit overpriced. Remember where you are though and it makes it easier to pay for!The butler was there when we wanted. He offered to swap some smaller bank notes for me, booked tea and dinner, gave advice, but as I said, he was there when we wanted, and didn't even hang around long enough for a tip (I will hunt him down later!).Turn down was an experience with 3 staff turning up with a hoover and mop! All good, and the bed was lovely with 2 roses and a couple of goodies. Happy Birthday was again pronounced with much politeness before they went.Have loved the 2 days here. Not intrusive or over the top, just in my view palatial luxury at a price, but worth paying for. Fantastic 6 star room, hotel, service, 5 star food if I am honest overall, but a very minor distraction to what was the best 2 days we have spent in a hotel - we will return!	
Feb 29 2008 	Love the hotel but the staff....???	We stayed at the Burj for two nights towards the end of our honeymoon. Thank god we stayed two nights and not one, as we would have been leaving with a heavy heart. The rooms are excellent. 2 story suites, nothing left to the imagination. Oh yeah theceiling mirror in the bedroom got a good workout. Room service is stupidly priced. $83 australian for teriyaki chicken is way overpriced unless they are hand rearing the chickens from a young age in one of the suites.The Jinsui restaurant is excellent. We went for lunch and stayed 3 hours and stuffed ourselves on the various food stations. Sashimi quality was some of the best I've had.The staff are very friendly, but maybe just a bit over the top. on our first night, the first 3 hours we must have been interrupted at least 6 times. And on each occasion they expect a tip. Needless to say when I was speaking to one of them the next day, he was counting through a wad of US bills, which I assume was his tip money.Overall the experience was excellent. We would definetly stay there again.	
Feb 28 2008 	A wonderful experience.	My wife and I spent three wonderful nights at the Burj on our way home from Abu Dhabi. We were spoilt by the well trained staff. Our butler and his helpers were polite and very helpful. My wife was taken ill during our last evening. (No fault of the hotel) I called room service at 2 am. The Butler sent a Paramedic within ten minutes. He was able to give my wife an injection and we were able to travel home When we checked out I was suprised to be told there was no charge for the Paramedic. My wife was collected from our room by wheelchair. We were taken to the airport and met with another wheelchair. Well done the Burj!  I forgot to mention the food was very good. If you have time try eating in your room. Quite an experience. We are pensioners but hope to return soon. Colin from Devon UK.	
Feb 23 2008 	Luxury	We stayed here for 2 nights to break our return to UK from Australia. We arrived before our check in time and had to wait for our room - we were given a complimentary lunch of our choice while we waited. The staff made our wait as comfortable as possible. We didnt have a problem with this as we knew the hotel was fully booked - we had no control over our flight times so we were prepared for this. Our room was fab - 2 storey, we had our own butler who was helpful and genuinely a nice guy. We wanted for nothing. Yes, the dinner menu was expensive but what do you expect. Could not fault anything - being spoilt was a great end to our holiday. If you go to Dubai and your budget allows, stay here - you will be sorry if you dont. You can only go into the Burj if you are staying there or have a dinner reservation.Luxury 7* is exactly what it is - if I return to Dubai this is where I will stay - no doubt about it.	
Feb 7 2008 	What Can I Say	I honestly don't know where to start, when we first saw it in the brochure, we thought it looked nice and said, well lets see what the fuss is all about, but my god!!!We were picked up at the airport in a gleaming white Rolls and my first glimps of the hotel as we approached was something I will never forget, the reception area, simply never seen anything like it, the huge aquiarium as you go up the escalator, the water display it was just an incredible experience. We enjoyed it so much that my wife insisted on returning the following year which we did and still felt the wow factor.It was a fairy tale experience but it was real.	
Feb 4 2008 	An over rated experience	My wife and I dined at the Burj's 'premium' Al Mahara restaurant on 16 January 2008. While we were not staying at the Burj (we had a suite at the Ritz - Carlton Dubai), we were looking forward to the experience. While the Al Mahara's decor was truly spectacular (I'm referring to the huge aquarium), the food, service and table setting were way below the standards set at a brilliant experience we enjoyed on 28 December 2007 at the comparably priced Le Bristol Restaurant in Paris. At the Al Mahara level of reknown and expenditure one is entitled to top quality food, unobtrusive/flawless service and a table setting comprising premium glassware, cutlery and napery. While the Al Mahara's food was good and the service efficient, the table presentation was 'superior bistro' standard. Not good enough for a self -proclaimed seven star establisment. On balance: we enjoyed ourselves but the experience was over rated (we also visited other areas of the Burj). There is a difference between glitz and class. The former is often let down by an excessive importance placed on form over substance.	
Jan 27 2008 	WOW	This hotel is amazing. Customer service is fantastic, hotel room is amazing with everything you would ever need. Facilities are perfect. If you are in Dubai you have to have at least 1 night at this hotel as it is an experience not to be missed.The only negative is that the top floor bar is a little boring with no music and basic cocktails and the seafood restaurant is very expensive	
Jan 17 2008 	Worth 7 Stars	The Burj Al Arab was the most opulent place we've been! There is gold, colouful water fountains and fresh flowers everywhere. We stayed here for the last night of our honeymoon in a panoramic suite. The suite was over two floors, with a hot tub and large shower, as well as full size complimetry Hermes toiletres for him and her. We had a butler to cater for all our needs and who came to run our hot tub for us!The staff are extremely helpful and will continuously provide you with cold flannels and fresh water with ice by the poolside. The food is lovely and you can have anything from cereal, to scrambled eggs and salmon to steak for breakfast! We ate in the restaurant on the 27th floor and it was a great experience., with live music and unusual cocktails.This is a once in a lifetime experience and if you can afford it, you should take advantage of it.Amazing!	
Jan 16 2008 	The Best	Not sure what I can say about this hotel, other than OUTSTANDING!!! We were here for 2 nights, and spoilt rotten!The room was superb, I say room, but it’s actually a 2 storey apartment!!! You have your own butler to serve you, you have a welcome drink, chocolates, cakes, and nibbles in the room on arrival.It was our anniversary and I was given a card, flowers and more chocolates. Nice touch!!!1ST FLOOR Huge living room - great views from windowsStudy areaBar areaDining areaHuge hallway - with sweeping staircaseGuest bathroom2ND FLOORHuge bedroom, huge bed, huge windows - great views once againLarge hallway with dressing table etc...Enormous bathroom with his/hers vanity, hot tub, and a separate shower that you could 5 people in. Out of the room, if you ever want to leave it, the restaurants are great. On our 1st night we went to the skybar, we had good food and good service. The 2nd night we ate in the room and that was nice, really good food and super service.The pool area is nice if a little small but, they have a private beach area which is lovely.I just wished I could have stayed longer - I just have to save up to go back!	
Jan 12 2008 	What a hotel!	We recently spent 3 days in Dubai and our first night was at the Burj. This was the end of our honeymoon after having spent 3 weeks in Southern Africa. They say this is the only 7 star hotel in the world and now I know why! Unbelievable experience and well worth the money. The lobby is gorgeous and the hotel features a great spa, squash courts, pools etc...The rooms are stunning. Each one is a 2 story suite. Everything is controlled with a remote control (i.e blinds on the windows even). Each room has a laptop with internet connection, personal fax line and many flat screen televisions. You have a butler that can help with anything (he even offered to help us pack on our last day!). The hotel went above and beyond since it was our honeymoon and surprised us with a delicious chocolate cake and cheeses in the afternoon. They also made a huge heart of rose petals on the bed for us.You must make sure to check out the bar on the top floor which has incredible views of the city. The &quot;underwater&quot; seafood restaurant was good, but not great. The slightly cheesy submarine ride down to the restaurant was mildly entertaining. Note that men must wear a jacket and slacks or traditional arab clothes to eat there. Our butler kindly lent me a jacket and I had to buy slacks (we had casual clothes since we had been trekking through Africa for most of the trip). I tried to find the arab clothes however every place I went to tailored them so I ended up buying pants :)On thing to note is that in August it is HOT there. Temperatures hit 51 C (120+ F) and it was humid. The ocean was way too hot to be enjoyable so we ended up sticking to the pools at the hot which are cooled. All in all beautiful hotel and great experience. I suggest spending at least 1 night there when in Dubai, well worth it.	
Jan 10 2008	Burj 11 Nights	First visited the burj for three nights several years ago, was so impressed booked 11 night stay with my wife and eight year old child.,Everything was excellent, food, suite and staff. Spent several wonderful afternoons in Aswan Spar, Dined in all venues.. The food in the underwater venue was best ever. Made great friends with another British couple, as we do not drink found meal a little pricey at £900 for the four of us. (well you only live once!) Have stayed at most of the top hotels around the world, I think this is the best. Ive booked to go to Emirates Palace.... will let you know how it compares.Enjoy......SK	
Jan 6 2008 	The Best Hotel Experience	I recommend staying at the Burj Al Arab for at least one night to experience the wonderful staff, beautiful hotel and wonderful ocean views. The hotel is so different to anything I have ever stayed in and if I could afford to stay there again I would.My husband and I were on our last leg of an around the world holiday and loved the pampering we got from the staff at this hotel. We were overjoyed when we got there and was told we would be upgraded to a two bedroom suite. I was thrilled by our butler and the room service we received. 10 out of 10 in my book.	
Dec 28 2007	Burj Al Arab is really luxury WOW!!	Got a taxi to outside the 7 star Burj Al Arab Hotel’s (famous new hotel) security gatehouse. I managed to have lunch at Wild Wadi (theme park) before entering Burj Al Arab. I managed to escape from being splashed by the waterfall, to keep my smart clothes dry for posh Burj Al Arab!! The security guard had allowed me to go to Burj Al Arab with my afternoon tea reservation letter. I walked towards Burj Al Arab and went in - WOW, very luxury lobby! I could not believe I met the same Japanese ladies whom I met the day before, during our Sundowner Dune Dinner Safari tour!! We took photos there. We entered the Skyview Bar on the 27th floor for the afternoon tea. The bar staff were very friendly towards us! They allowed us to take photos there! Nice tea, sandwiches, pretty little fancy cakes, etc. I felt full up!! The Japanese ladies left there before 5pm. I stayed on until the dark evening for the night view of Dubai! It was really fantastic! I also took some photos of the luxury fairytale lifts corridors! I went down to the lobby - I liked the colourful carpet. I walked back to the taxi stand outside Wild Wadi (theme park). I know it was very expensive, but it was really worth visiting!	
Dec 21 2007 	Burj the good and the bad	Love: the 2 storey suites in all rooms, the personalized service like kids size robe slippers if you bring kids, the different sets of goodies they bring to your room every night, hermes collection of free soaps perfumes and others, the great view of the ocean, the free buggy ride and entrance to Wild Wadi waterpark, the pools and gym.Hate: - the butler service: they almost always bother you with things you don't ask for or need, and they just stand there expecting tips until we dismiss them.- one of the worst concierges in a 5 star hotel: they misinformed me about a local tour I booked through them, and I had to be the one calling them instead of them telling me if the tickets are ready or not. - bellhop takes forever, and you have to keep calling them so that they'd come.	
Dec 19 2007 	needs to try harder!!!	weve stayed at this hotel on a few occasions and although the architecture still retains the wow factor the staff do not!we are not fussy travellers but i do require value for money and good service which you do not get it in the burj!the rooms are clean and well maintained, the food is good but overpriced along with the wine.depending on the nationality of the staff the service is hit and miss.the floor concierge are lazy and the room service needs to be booked well in advance.checking out is carried out by the gestapo!!i wouldnt dare nick a dressing gown or cheat the minibar but the &quot;butlers&quot; rush around checking everthing making you feel decidedly uncomfortable which is a bad ending to your stay. everytime ive checked out ive had items on my bill that were incorrect so beware.in short, hotels must improve year on year and not rest on the fictitious 7 star status and guests too awestruck to notice the drop in general customer service which is constant in the worlds top hotels.i feel that all businesses should be trying to improve constantly and the burj has not. if the hotel wants to call itself 7* it had better up the game or as most reviews state it will be a &quot;once in a lifetime&quot; experience.the real problem is its still the best overall hotel ive ever stayed in and ill probably go back!!!	
Dec 12 2007 	An experience we'll never forget!	Well what can we say that hasn't already been said about the Burj?We booked through Amex - got the free brekkie, free massage late check out and upgrade if avialable. We spent 7 nights at the Mina Salem - our last night was to be at the Burj - the Mina called ahead to let the Burj know that we were coming - and off we went on the buggy. When we arrived we were greated warmly and checked in - to a 2 bedroom suite - so we got our upgrade.We got there at 11.30am and our suite was ready and waiting for us - we loved our tour of the hotel, loved looking up into that big atrium, but were eager to finally see the famous suites. So in we went - well we were staggered - as everyone said we would be. The suite was 3,000 square foot! 2.5 bathrooms, 2 bedrooms, 1 bar area, 1 dinning room (with 6 seater table), 1 living room and a wonderful spiral staircase. Our floor to ceiling windows looked out over palm island - which was great as it really gave us perspective over the whole massive project. We also had 4 plasma tv's - yes we used them all.We too enjoyed all the freebies - the dates, cheesey nibbles and the sweet nibbles, the bottle of wine, all the Hermes toiletries, the slippers, the flip flops and the beach bag - and yes we brought quite a few pieces home with us! Why not - we paid enough for our 1 night!Anyway after all the suite expolration - we headed down to the pool - very nice sun loungers, great service - interesting other guests - good people watching place. I actually spent quite a lot of time in the hot tub - nice and relaxing not too hot and gets the sun in the afternoons.We had a lovely lunch by the pool - then went up to the sky bar to watch the sunset and look at the amazing views- have to say that the sky bar was very oddly decorated - kind of distracted you from the view!Back down in our suite nice Mr Butler had delivered a cheese plate which we enjoyed very much whilst we tried out the 2 whirlpool jacuzzi's!Next morning we had the buffet breakfast which was delicious - not sure how much it would cost normally - it was part of our package. As we had late check out we were able to have our room till 4pm - which was great as we had a late flight that night, so we spent another day by the pool and then headed up to the spa - had a great massage and really enjoyed hanging out in the pool area looking at the twinkling lights of Dubai.The Burj really was everything we thought it would be - over the top almost gaudy but yet somehow managing to stay amazing and non tacky. There were plenty of people flashing their cash but also plenty of people like us - just there for the experience. I reccomend it - for a once in a lifetime stay. Would we go back - maybe if we had new people to take with us - i really think thats the beauty of it - your first memorable visit.	
Dec 10 2007	Toooooo much	I stayed at the Burj Al Arab in late November for a couple of nights with my wife and young family. It’s a bit of a curates egg to be honest. There are aspects which are fantastic –the architecture, the size of the suites, the location and so on. Yet there are many other which frankly leave room for improvement and are just high end 4* rather than the claimed 7*. The English of the staff is not universally great, the price of the room service and mini bar is truly hideous, verging on the comic frankly, the in room décor is ‘idiosyncratic’—you might call it Versace to the Max, the TV sound quality was very bad in my room, sometimes getting things done took an age (tho at other times it was amazingly quick and efficient).One of the highlights was the resort beach which was manicured and clean with a good restaurant and (kid) friendly staff. The rest of the resort is not kid friendly (certain restaurants are disallowed) which I do not mind/respect even though I am often travelling with a young family. The place is clearly a stop off point for the more money than sense crew (and I include myself in that category..) but its also a place where you’d be a very particular person if you were to return frequently. I do not mean that in a negative way simply that it is a self selecting crowd which is I’d say go here for 1 night only and then go for the Jumeirah Beach over the road. Make sure you take a moment to grab the complimentary and fantastic complimentary toiletries…I’m so cheap..	
Dec 2 2007 	ok but not heaven!	Myself and my wife stayed at the burj as part of a our 3 destination stop. We arrived in style being picked up at the airport in a air conditioned luxury 4x4. We arrived at 8am and I was very disappointed that we had to wait until 3pm for our room to be prepared. We were told that we could use the Spa anf gym facilities whilist we waited and we informed that this was on the 18th floor. I was not impressed with this as there was no real direction and after a long flight all we wanted was to chill out. We we hust left to our own devices. For a hotel of such stature I expected more. Finally when the room was ready it was amazing and a designated butler on each floor was extremely helpful night and day. I enjoyed that food that was very good and on our first night we ate at the newly opened asian themed resturant on the LG floor, excellent food and the next night we ate at the Al Maraha which was superb and excellent wine, at a price of course!!The burj is very OTT but something that needs to be experinced once. The let down was the initial arrival probs so I would recommend that you clarify this before you book. I will always remember our final day breakkie that cost me £154, ouch!!	
Nov 11 2007 	Al Muntaha Restaurant	Didn't stay at the Burj, but had an evening meal in the Al Muntaha restaurant for my wife's birthday - from initial email enquiries to every subsequent contact we had - all of the staff were fantastic! We couldn't have been made to feel more special &amp; the quality of service &amp; the food were superb.OK - it is a little pricey (£300 for a meal for two with wine) but the views across Dubai are totally fantastic &amp; the service is friendly &amp; personal without being over bearing.If you are going for a special occasion - let the hotel know, they will go out of their way to make your evening one to remember.One final tip - make sure you use the glass lifts to get to &amp; from the restaurant, 500 feet in about twenty seconds is a real experience &amp; the lift has a wrap around window so the view is great!Highly, highly recommended &amp; the best £300 I've spent in ages!	
Oct 24 2007 	Suspend disbelief and your usual tastes...	This place is everything that the previous reviewers say it is. We stayed for 3 nights in early October.Magnificent, gaudy, decadent, opulent, extraordinarily expensive and an absolute indulgence.Once you overcome your immediate response to the loud colours and gold accents, you begin to understand that the decor of the Burj really works. If it were done in muted tones and had modern lines it would be considered as cold and ordinary. It is what it has to be to fulfil our concept of the excesses of Arabian wealth.No matter what you think of the decor, the service is impecable. The suites are breathtaking - ours (911?!) was a panoramic suite situated on a corner of the Burj providing us with view out toward the gulf as well as back toward the beach club. The bed and the pillows (after selecting appropriate ones from the pillow menu) were by far the most comfortable we had on our entire trip. Our 3 yr old was entranced by the mirror over the bed (yep- one of those touches that some of us could have done without). The free amenities and the bathroom were amazing, and the children's Sinbad pack was a real hit with our little girl.The beach was fantastic - nothing like heading in for a swim and returning to a champagne bucket filled with bottles of chilled water and Evian sprays to keep us cool.My husband and I dined at Al Muntaha after cocktails in the Skyview Bar. Incredible food and wine and by far the most expensive meal we have ever had - which is saying something after a mis-order at Rockpool in Sydney several years ago which resulted in an extremely expensive bottle of Penfolds being consumed with our meal. We did, however, drink French Champagne and wine and both of us had the Wagyu for main course (sensational).Our daughter was very happy back in the suite being waited on hand and foot by the &quot;babysitter&quot; that we had hired for her. Note to parents - babysitting charges at the Burj are really reasonable especially when compared to the prices we paid in London.One criticism - the staff should be discouraged from offering chocolates to cute little blond 3yr old girls who are wandering around the complex. The amount of times I had to say &quot;no&quot;!Give yourself over to the Burj and you'll have a fabulous time (just don't look at the bill 'til you get home)!	
Oct 15 2007 	really good did not really like the other guests	Stayed for 2 days on a return from the holiday at the Seychelles (husband, wife, boy). Was the second stay after some years. Was not quite as flamboyant, tacky and bombastic as remembered. The architecture is still stunning, the service still is really excellent, the rooms are spacious and the view is truely great. The food was this time -earlier reviews had complained- very good, excellent indeed. The chef has changed recently we were told.What appears to have changed is the sociology of the guests. A hotel's character is mainly defined by its guests. Our impression was that the hotel now sells itself in packages. At breakfast we have seen an astonishing frequency of ultrashort shorts, cheap T-shirts, bathroom sandals and inadequate table manners. The majority of breakfast guests evidently has really worked for the money they spent at the Burj. Those guests, however, which one would immediatelyassociate with a hotel like the Burj probably had breakfast up in their rooms. The hotel has guided tours for visitors. Looking at guests is included. The hotel is an ideal place for wow! and amazing! shreekers. Experienced and demanding travellers would go there just once, for the sake of it, but subsequently they would seek for a a more exclusive and discreet place. These places exist in Dubai.	
Oct 6 2007 	Out Of This World!	I try to come up with something a bit ’special’ for our wedding anniversary every year and have always fancied the Burj Al Arab since seeing a programme on it whilst it was being built. I booked a 9 day stay (17 - 25 Sept), through American Express earlier this year as their programme included:DAILY BREAKFAST, A ROOM UPGRADE SUBJECT TO AVAILABILITY, A 4PM CHECKOUT AND 50 MINUTE COMPLIMENTARY MASSAGE FOR UP TO 2 PEOPLE PER ROOM, RETURN PRIVATE CAR TRANSFERS.Emailed Burj 7 days before leaving with flight details so as to be picked up from airport only to find out that they stopped the complimentary transfers through Amex last year but they would provide:“Phantom Rolls Royce at AED 1200.00, BMW 7 series at AED 350.00 per car per way from and to Dubai International Airport for maximum three guests per car”! Three hours later after being, ‘Mr Angry’ with Amex they hold their hand up to the mistake and agree to credit my card back with £100, (The equivalent of the return transfer in the BMW 7 Series but not the Rolls as promised which I would have had to pay the hotel direct). Amex also booked the Business class flights with EMIRATES from Heathrow, EK008 outward and EK005 return. First time with Emirates and I can understand the poster regarding the service she had on the same flight out, (but hers was on the 18th) The service had one speed….S…L…O…W. Cabin staff uninterested in seeing to your basic needs, blocking the galley so you cant reach the toilet on the other side whilst they stuff their faces and talk, economy passengers walking through the cabin and back again! Worst flight my wife and I have ever experienced! Arrived at Dubai airport at 18.40hrs and was met by the Burj Al Arab representative who whisked us and our luggage through passport control in no time. Our car was already waiting, (in 31degree heat), with a bouquet of flowers, cold flannels and water. The journey was short as there was no traffic, pass security gate at the Burj and into the hotel. Greeted whilst the formalities were done with refreshments. Escorted to the Panoramic Suite 912 on the 9th Floor, (NO room upgrade as they were 90% full!!), however, the room was facing the private Burj beach and the MOE in the distance, with the other view toward the Madinat Jumeirah. The rooms, décor and freebies have been well documented in countless reports so I wont bother on that front other than to say they were amazing with first class care via the turn-down staff and butlers. PLACES WE ATE BreakfastWe found that the Bab Al Yam restaurant (Poolside) was by far the most relaxed with excellent service and choice.Ate twice in the Al Iwan on the first floor but found it a bit, ‘stuffy’ with no atmosphere and service of tea and plate clearing a bit slow. Al MuntahaOnly ate here once, (It’s the restaurant adjoining the Sky View Bar), as my wife is vegetarian there was very little choice so we only had the main course and desert. We had had a bottle of champagne in our room before dinner so only decided on a bottle of water, (much to the distaste of the miserable ’robotic’ Sommelier). The ceiling décor reminded me of a 1970’s disco! Although you couldn’t find fault with the food or the ‘actual’ service there was once again no atmosphere! Looking around I would have guessed there were more non residents than actual guests as some were dressed way-over-the-top! There is no warmth, no, ‘soul’ and we are 48 and have eaten in many first class restaurants all over the world. We left £150.00 lighter, (without drinks), feeling ‘uninspired’, but also a great experience.Guys, you do not need a jacket in this restaurant!Majlis Al BaharCasual al fresco restaurant situated on the private beach opposite the hotel. Only had some drinks from there served whilst sat on the sun lounges. Excellent staff, very attentive and frequently refilled the ice ,water and cold towels. Bab Al Yam Serves breakfast lunch &amp; dinner buffet, we used it to have a snack served at our sun lounger next to the pool on a couple of occasions, cost around £40 for two sandwiches without drinks. Have to say the service here is the best. The pool guys have a real hard day in the 40degree+ heat for 8 hrs at a time setting out towels, handing out water, topping up ice, cold towels and face sprays. One guy that is worthy of a mention is ‘Manni’, always smiling, works hard and second guesses what you want before you ask for it!! Madinat Jumeirah (Sister hotel next door)We ate in a couple of the restaurants, one which surprised me was the ‘Magnolia’, it’s vegetarian which suited my wife and I found it tasty and well served. Hard Rock CaféGreat night out, food much much cheaper than UK but NO MUSIC as Ramadam, quite an experience with the TV monitors on and no sound!! OutingsThe Big Bus tour would have been good if it wasn’t so hot, (44 to 47degrees) on the two days we had the ticket. Be aware NOT every bus which stops has ANY air-con at all The ski Dubai was a good night out, not sure if it’s always that quiet as we went from 9 - 11pm. No queues or kids found my ‘ski’ legs quite quickly although a good skier might find it a little tame and then shopped in the Moll until it closed at 1am. We did the Sundowner Safari on Saturday 22, (the day of our anniversary), which was great fun…except for the time when the driver took a left hand dune too sharply and we were stuck fast at 45degree angle. I thought any time now we would roll over! Had to leave the vehicle whilst it was pulled out. The rest of the trip, camel ride and food were excellent. As it was Ramadam, sadly no belly-dancer! The concierge manager Thomas Lerch had tried to book the helicopter that lands at the Burj to take us on a trip along with a couple that we met from Canada on the Sundowner trip but they required 24hrs notice to arrange a fire crew on the heli-pad, as the other couple were leaving the next day we didn’t do it as it would have meant an eye watering £1800.00 for us alone!! Instead he suggested and organised a motor cruiser from the marina next to the Burj for 2 hours for the 4 of us, (helped with the £700 total cost!!) It was amazing, it had two bedrooms, showers, 3 toilets, BBQ and a crew of 3!!. We saw the building of the Palms and all of the hotels toward the city and a great afternoon.  We met with Luc Delafosse, (General Manager), in our suite who brought with him a complementary DVD and the book ,“1001 Arabian Nights at the Burj Al Arab” which I think was selling for about £50. We expressed our disappointment at not having the Managers Cocktail Party on the Wednesday &amp; Sunday due to Ramadam and Wild Waddi being closed which he naturally agreed with and how it would have been a nice gesture to have perhaps included a little, “something else” …..cheeky I know. He knew about the mix up over the airport transfers and un-be known to us he had arranged for the Rolls Royce Phantom to take us back to the airport on the 25th and remove the cost of the BMW to the hotel. We also had the BMW take us to the Madinat Jumeirah when reservations for dinner were made via the butler instead of the buggy!….very kind gesture.The journey back in the Rolls was a pleasure, there were so many of the main staff at the door seeing us off it was as if we were old friends, very touching. Quite heavy traffic meant we savoured the Rolls that little bit longer! Before I ramble any more I will close! All in all a very good experience and one we will treasure for ever, would I go back again??? The definitive answer is YES, in a heart-beat but, with so so many places left in the world that we want to see I probably wouldn’t go back for that reason only. The Burj Al Arab is a must do to experience at least once in your life.You WILL enjoy this hotel, it is amazing!! All the best Howard	
Oct 1 2007 	Wow!	As a treat to end our holiday in Dubai to celebrate my husbands 40th birthday I booked the Burj for our final night on a B&amp;B basis after staying at Dar al Masyaf. After being greeted and asked to wait in the lobby we were escorted to our room. We were upgraded to a Panoramic suite (612) as it was my husbands birthday. All I can say is WOW, the suite was huge with business centre, bar area, huge lounge with sofas dining table and sweeping staircase upto bedroom. The bed was huge, sep dressing area and bathroom with jacuzzi, shower, his and her sinks and complementary Hermes toiletries (full size). The butler shows you around the suite and how to use the remote which you can do everything with. He then came back with his boss and another butler with a chocolate birthday cake for my husband and 12 red roses for me and sang happy birthday much to my husbands embarrassment. His boss said he would come back and show us around the hotel, as a special treat he took us up to the Royal Suite, if you think the lobby is OTT! Had a meal at Al Muntha which was nice if a bit pricey. The hotel is truely luxurious and a once in a lifetime experience which we thoroughly enjoyed and was the perfect end to a perfect holiday.	
Sep 22 2007 	Expectations Exceeded	We booked the Burj Al Arab for a special occasion. We felt at first that it was a little over priced for a one night stay with no breakfast included. We have lived with the Burj in our view for almost a year now, however only once you pass security and onto the bridge that connects it to the main land, you truly appreciate its majesty. On arrival, we had some delay problems due to not bringing our Passport's with us, however after stamping my feet a little the matter was promptly and amicably resolved. The decor on first look is brash but it is very fitting and really does grow on you. We had the standard room on the third floor. Now we have stayed in a lot of world class hotels but this room was a monster. It really is hard to describe this epic. Panoramic views of the ocean on both levels, remote operated curtains, Bubble bath, a list to choose your pillows, complimentary Dates, Treats, Fruit, Water, Hermes products, slippers, bags the list goes on. Strange however it did not feel like a hotel but instead home, a feeling we have never had from any other accomodation. It is the first time I have been truly sad to leave a venue. Whoops almost forgot. Food: The underwater seafood place look amazing but we dont like seafood. The place on the 27th floor next to the Bar is well ugly as sin, this rooms decor can not be forgiven and can only be compared to a Bingo Hall from the UK at $300 a head (No Thanks) Instead we had our butler book us into the Mexican (Go West) in one of the ajoining hotels. Brilliant food, great drinks and it was all a blur from there apart from the suprise bath I had the butler pour for the wife on return, rose petals throught the room, soft music playing and a bottle a of bubbly. One warning however. While the Glass says &quot; Has been triple protected so no one can see in&quot; that does not apply at night when drunk and naked with the room lights on :)	
Sep 11 2007 	An experience to tell your friends	Burj is undoubtedly a landmark in Dubai. The hotel has been packaging itself very successfully. The high price makes it accessible to the prestigious few. Yet people are attracted to the hotel as they expect it should be an experience that cannot be missed as long as they can afford. I booked Burj through their official website as I could not find any deals in other sites. The price is around US$1000++ for one night during June. I arrived at Dubai late in the evening and I chose to stay at Jumeirah Beach Hotel just opposite to Burj and moved to Burj the next morning. As Jumeirah Beach and Burj are sister hotels, the move was smooth. Jumeirah Beach arranged a free car to bring us over to Burj the next day.The decor of Burj is impressive but I cannot say it is the most beautiful hotel I've ever been. Bold colors are used all over the hotel - royal blue, red, yellow, gold, green, etc. All rooms are suites with two levels. The &quot;complimentary&quot; items may easily cost US$300 out of the room rate (see picture):1. Beach bag2. Beach sandals x 23. Red wine from Australia4. French bottled water5. A box of savory snacks6. A box of dates7. A box of local cookies8. A box of french macaroon9. Hermes toiletries - full set, full size: soap, cologne, shampoo, conditioner, deordorant, female &amp; male10. Huge fruit basketA Siemens central control system is installed which controls the blinds, TV, tel, lights, etc. However, the TV was out of order throughout our stay and the blinds are too noisy. Arabian scents are sprayed inside the lifts but the smell is too strong to non- arabians like me.We had lunch at the famous &quot;underwater&quot; seafood restaurant , Al Mahara. The &quot;submarine&quot; trip to the restaurant is a disappointing gimmick. The seafood is fresh but taste is only mediocre at this price. The lunch costed US$500 per person without wine. Our friends which were staying at other hotels joined us for lunch in Burj only wanted to see the hotel. They were only allowed inside the hotel 30 minutes before the booking. This is again a clever trick of the hotel which makes guests feel prestigious.The stay is AN EXPERIENCE but I think I may not go back for a second time. I would even say staying there one night for the experience is enough. Service is good but not excellent. No need to try the restaurant as you can find better seafood anywhere at this price.	
Sep 6 2007	7th heaven	This has got to be if not one the best hotels i have ever stayed in.From the moment they pick you up at the airport to the time you leave.. you are in luxury...We stayed here for 2 nights and the hotel is par excellence.We were picked up at the airport in a BMW 7 series..the hotel is a good 30 minutes drive away from the airport.. they have menu for the music cds available in car..as soon as enter the hotel you are greated with dates and juice.we stayed in the king deluxe suite (The hotel has only suites) and it was huge duplex room with an amazing view of the ocean.The remote control (to be used for opening curtains, managing tv and opening door) is very cool..The personal butler service was great..The room and the bathroom were excellent - the best you can see in a hotel.the service waa brilliant .. you want something just ask the butler and it would be done..they even offered my wife to unpack and pack her bags..the burj does not have its own beach but shares it with its other jumeriah hotels jumeriah beach and madinat jumeriah..we went to the madinat jumeriah and it is quite a good beach..the only negative thing about the hotel is its pool. which i thought was very small...for a hotel of that grandeur...The food is brilliant.. we had breakfast at the poolside restaurant and dinner once at the buffet restaurant..we could not go their signature restuarent as they were upgrading their submarine and even though the restaurent was open and could be reached through elevators we opted not to go for it..the location of the hotel is also great as it is 5 minutes drive away from the mall of emirates..in all a amazing hotel to stay in..would highly recommend.	
Sep 3 2007 	A subjective review	I had read about this hotel many times and now, I can give my personal opinion.The architectural is fantastic, if you are interested in it at all. The rooms, which are all suites, 202 all togetherI have read past reviews that the decor was &quot;tacky and tastless&quot;. Not true. Done in a very &quot;arabesque&quot; way, full of glitter, gold and strog blues, ochre colors. Brass seems to be the most important element. They manage to achieve harmony within a style we, from the west, are not acostumed to. We must be subjective.The rooms were well designed, even though I am more of a minimalist person. So, I give thumbs up for the room s(apartment). The service is a bit intense, having one butler at your services 24 hours per day. Extremely nice people and they are here to please you. I would have prefered to have less staff around....The restaurants are nicely done, one being on top of the hotel and the other on the main floor wich contains a huge fish tank...somewhat impressive. However, I found the prices to be ofensive, when they charge close to US$70 for a burger by the pool or a US$40 for a tiramisu. Regardless how much money one have, I find it very difficult to eat at any of their restaurants and pay the exorbitant prices. I am a chef and know the cost of food. In the US you can dine in the best restaurants and any 5 star hotels and will never pay the prices of the Burj. The rooms start at US$ 1,000 per night, in which I think they are well worth the money...but the restaurants simply putting it, is a rip off. The food was good but not extraordinary.The swimming pool (outdoors) is small but since I am here in the low season it seems fine. Even though the temperature outside is above 40 celcius, they manage to keep the water &quot;cool&quot;...well done. Also there is another pool on the 18th floor where the gym is. Nice size and excellent views. Hope this review will be of some help to the curious ones	
Aug 24 2007 	Out of this world	What can you say about the Burj. The first word that comes to mind is WOW. We went there last year as part of our honeymoon. After visiting Penang, Langkawi and Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia this was the absolute icing on the cake. We arrived early in the morning and were greeted by a member of staff at the airport. This actually guaranteed an express service through the airport. We had booked a Rolls Royce to pick us up from the airport .. after all it was our honeymoon. We informed the hotel about the early arrival in advance but they did not guarantee an early check-in. However, when we got there about 6.30AM they checked us straight in. Brilliant. I was so excited I could hardly sleep. Our butler offered to empty our suitcases but I did not want him to. As they knew that it was our honeymoon, they gave us this gorgeous chocolate cake and some gorgeous roses. There were always fresh flowers in the room. There are loads of other things in the room from the Hermes products which you can take home to a selection of sweets. There was something else on the bed every night from chocolates to little toiletries. You also got different canpees every night before going out. The food in the hotel is brilliant. You have got two different restaurants where you can have breakfast. We also tried the Sky Bar and Restaurant. Food is brilliant and the views are amazing. We also went to the Seafood Restaurant, which can be reached by buggy or you can walk. It is part of the Jumeirah Beach Hotel but as a guest of the Burj you are also welcome. We went there before and it was great. One lunchtime we decided to have a buffet lunch on the second level of the hotel lobby. It was very expensive (£50 a head) .... but it was seafood and we only noticed the price when we got the bill. I can't comment on the hotel pool as we never used it but with a gorgeous beach who needs to ... white sand ..... clear water and the service at the beach second to none. You get fresh water all the time and the waiters come round with little fruit shoots and cold towels for your face.Someone said that you pay for what you get. That's true but it is so much worth it. I want to go back but probably have to save up for a while.Spacious luxurious accommodation, superb food, friendly staff, a gorgeous beach ..... what else could you ask for?	
Aug 20 2007	You pay for the experience	It would be useless to try and come up with superlatives beyond what everyone has said.I used the opportunity to stay here to celebrate my daughter's birthday and it didn't disappoint - right down to the extra effort made for her and the unbelievable chocolate mouse cake they sent for her. The place is spectacular in every sense of the word..Having said that, you are paying for the experience . . . the &quot;hey, I stayed there&quot; type of thing. It was, most likely, a once-in-a-lifetime stay as once you get past all the overwhelming sensations it substantially reduces what I would pay again.But, for those looking for the experience I recommend it.	
Aug 9 2007	I Loved The Burj. I Am Dreaming To COme Back Soon.	We had a great time this July visiting this fabulous hotel. What can I say! From the meeting at the airport with the Burj representatives and passing the customs as VIPS to the transfer to the hotel with their Rolls Royce and when we arrived everything was out of this world, the architecture of the hotel was so impressive, the service excellent , our butler Ashan was perfect. As we were celebrating our wedding anniversary, I do not remember how many bouqouets of roses they brought us. I loved the Hermes products they gave us.The restaurants were fantastic. The Assawan Spa was magnificent. After staying at Soneva Gili and Hilton Rangali in the Maldives I finished my trip with a stay at Burj.We are now seeing our videos taken from this trip and we are looking forward to staying at Burj again.	
Aug 6 2007 	wonderful...over the top but just great	We booked a stay of 5 nights at the Burj after getting a good deal through an on-line travel agent. I would like to point out that the price didn't matter though, as the service was superb.Our only grumble was the food in the under-sea restaurant, but as this is the worlds only 7 star hotel we shouldn't really. I really enjoyed the food upstairs in the 70's style disco restaurent overlooking the sea. Make sure you book before the sun goes down to enjoy this one to the full.Anyways, service : fantasticRooms : even the cheapest suite is amazinguse of facilities : greatfood: even the buffet breakfast choice couldn't be bettered.anyway, I think you get my drift.Use of the hotel allows full use of the sister hotels/facilities, and will give you free access to the water park (I say free, but in fact they give you free towels, and a token worth 20 dm to use in the park to buy food &amp; drinks, so in fact they pay you to go, and take you everywhere in their fleet of buggies.Fantastic hotelGreat people.Enjoy it. You will never get better.Anywhere.	
Aug 5 2007 	Seven Stars	You know you are having a good day when you are met on arrival at the airport by your driver (with roses) and escorted to the house Bentley for a ride to Indesputably the finest Hotel anywhere. The rooms and views are jaw dropping, the food is amazing, and the service aaahhhhh. Everything about this hotel is over the top and the staff completes the experience with their perfect service. The dining is flawless whether it be in-room, beachside, the underwater fantasy of Al Mahara, or floating up at Al Muntaha. The fruit bowl in our private Dining Room was a perfect still life of Dragon fruit from Vietnam, and other assorted treasures. Every single aspect of the Burj experience delights all the senses-the materials used (exotic stone of every imaginable color, glorious tile and furnishings etc.), the fresh floral &quot;sculptures&quot;, the staggering aquariums, the tasteful boutiques! I especially loved the large opulent but stillhuman scaled bathrooms with full size his &amp; hers super primo toiletries. Don't miss the Spa and Pool of your dreams....outstanding! Put the Burj at the top of things to see in your lifetime and while you're there see all that Dubai has to offer.	
Aug 1 2007 	The Best Hotel In The World By Miles	Stayed at the Burg for a week in the club suite in late May, the suite is massive , with full size snooker Table, and a full size cocktail bar, also there is a full size kitchen/ the furnishings are all top quality.When we landed at the airport , we where fast tracked through customs, Then the driver of the Rolls Royce Phantom then met us, gave us cold towls, and some water, then we where given a choice or which cds we wanted to listen to ,on the way to the Burgwe then where met by three of the hotel staff, offering us dates, water, and towels, then we where taken to the 19th floor, where are butler met us, and showed us all the around the suite, and going through the key pad, which opens the curtains, CD player etc. The staff could not do enough for you, Like little pressys on your pillow each night, Also when you come in from the pool or beach. the butler comes in and give you lovely canapas, and drinks. we ate at all restraunts, and the food and service where ttop notch, Not to forget all the free hermes products, the the high quality beach bag, flip flops and two pairs of slippers you get, which you can take home. there are buggies that take you all the madinat complex, bliss. we hired a boat for an hour to look around the palm island and marina, which will be out of this world when it is finished.NOW the burg at just bought a yact which is called BURG 1 we where very lucky and had a tour of the boat very impressive, and we where told they are looking for a BIGGER BOAT. We also went to the general Manager cocktail party on the 18th floor champayne all the way, with lovely canapas . we also ate at the jumeirah beach hotel, which was superb. My BUTLER showed me around the ballroom which was out of this world, also i was shown the board room, with views which were breathtaking, I Can honestly say this was the best experience i have ever had, and if you can stay, because it is the best hotel in the world	
Jul 29 2007 	Stayin' at the Burj...	My wife and I booked a stay at the Burj for two nights in late July 2007. If you want the quick and dirty: it's pricey and I truly don't think it's worth it. If you are looking for a unique experience and are middle or high-middle income, it's better to use your money on shopping. That's my two cents...my other ninety eight follows:++++++Prior to leaving, I hadn't been contacted on how I would be met at the airport. They hadn't even sent email asking when I would arrive. I called the limo service at the Burj and asked if we were going to be picked up. Would you like the Rolls Royce or the BMW?He's asking me? Who would pass up a ride in a Rolls Royce Phantom?? But wait...why is he asking me such an obvious question?Do you charge additional for airport pick-ups?Yes, sir. The Phantom is 1200 AED and the BMW is 300. Needless to say, the BMW was a good ride. :P+++++Arrived at the airport (which we had to walk for about 20 minutes from the plane to customs, by the way) and were met by a Burj representative right before customs. He was very cool and let us know where to meet him after customs.Customs was quick and so was bag pick-up. We went out to find our driver to no avail. We had to stop at the Jumeirah desk to ask them where to go. About one minute later another driver came and picked us up.The ride over was very nice. Our driver was kind (of course) and met my wife with a nice multi-colored bouquet of roses and some cold hand cloths. We were given a book with about 10 choices of CDs to listen to on the 40-minute trip. Along the way, our driver gave us little tidbits of information about the buildings in Dubai and the Burj. Good stuff.Once at the hotel (which really does look fantastic), we were met by staff members that set us down in the lobby, gave us more hand cloths and some dates to try while they grabbed our baggage to take to the room. I paid for the two nights stay (which they flagged 10000 AED on my credit card for) and off we were to the room.I thought the room was a bit over-done, frankly- a little tacky with the colors- but it was very comfortable. A remote control handled everything in the suite to include the curtains, tv and front door, etc. Our butler, James, showed us around the suite, explaining everything and before leaving, we asked him to set up a jacuzzi bath for us. James was amazing during our stay. Any question we had, he answered very precisely. The room did have cool amenities like free Hermes after shave and cologne for men and some perfume for women. We had fresh fruit every day. They had a very nice laptop with very fast internet.Food. Each morning we ate the breakfast buffet- it was pretty good, but nothing extraordinary. I think it was about 180 AED per person, but can't remember. We ate in Al Mahara, the restaurant with the large aquarium. My wife and I are sincerely people that are easy to impress, but the food was not all that great. I think we paid about 1200 AED. Service was good and it was fun to look at the tank from time to time. If you eat there, you'll probably get a visit from George, one of the fish that constantly hovers over each table- pretty cute! We didn't eat anywhere else and I regret not trying out Al Muntaha on the 27th floor.All in all, the Burj was a fun experience. After we left- and stayed at Al Qasr just next door- we realized that the Burj actually felt like home- not like a hotel room. It genuinely felt like our place. That's a very unique experience for only two days. Yet, I still feel it was too pricey. The room, food and tipping costs were pretty significant.So! Hope this helps! It's nice to be pampered, but it's gonna cost you!	
Jul 26 2007 	Just OK	My husband and I spent two nights in a Panoramic Suite #1312. We booked this stay last minute through American Express and paid $1500USD/night. There was nothing about this stay that was worth that price. We spent the first 4 hours with the IT people trying to get the WiFi service to work in the room...as my husband had to communicate with his office. The view was fantastic, but I felt the suite almost tended towards tacky, it was so overdone. There was alot of gold, and cool electric sunshades, but when the people in the suite next to us raised or lowered their sunshades, it was very loud in our suite.The butler service was pretty attentive, but I don't really see it as an added value to the stay.The pool areas were overcrowded and there were not alot of attendants tending to guests. My advice is don't book more than one night. The hotel will not let you leave early without paying for the full stay...and I have a feeling many guests try to do this. Another odd thing about this hotel....we pre-paid the room, but when we checked in, the butler asked for our credit card, and brought us back a receipt explaining that they had blocked out $3000 UAE for incidental charges. I have never seen a hotel block a specific amount for charges. We moved from the Ritz Carlton in Dubai which did not block my credit card for incidental charges. I almost have to wonder if alot of their guests overspend on the $100 breakfasts, $200 lunches and $300 dinners and can't pay the bill? Try one night and if you love it, then extend your stay.	
Jul 26 2007 	All we thought and more	All we wanted, no diffrence in treatment from what we saw Super rich or enjoying luxuary..Room stunning Food expensive but great .Drinks in hotel OUCH. dont go near the mini bar..already planning a return..so much to see and do in Dubai. Dress smart and enjoy the whole thing ..The sky bar is a visual treat .Contact me if you want . Well travled and I think real opinions..Loads of photos onlt too willing to share them on E mail	
Jul 15 2007 	Fantastic Burj Al Arab	My wife and I stayed in the Burj Al Arab for the start of our honeymoon, and didn't really know what to expect having read varying reviews on Trip Advisor. Needless to say, when we eventually arrived and checked into our Panoramic Suite, we were not disappointed at all. It all starts at the airport where you are greeted by the Jumeirah representative - they are extremely friendly and move you through passport control with little or no delays. From there, the cars are superb and you are whisked to the Burj in air-conditioned comfort. We arrived early (8am) and we had to wait a while for the room - that was a bit of a pain but worth the wait. We were taken up to the Panoramic Suite on the 14th floor, and it was fantastic. Great views, massive room, free toiletries and other accessories, BOSE IPOD docking station - absolutely super. Staff could not have been more helpful and the Guest Services desk on each floor make sure everything that can be done for you and you have no hassles at all. Private beach is great with the staff there being so friendly and courteous. Prices - definitely high for food and drinks. Al Mahara - still not sure about this restaurant - food was excellent and service first rate, but we had dinner at Verre the night afterwards and enjoyed that more. Overall, we are delighted that we chose to stay at the Burj and it lived up to our expectations. We will definitely stay there again for another special occasion.	
Jul 15 2007 	An amazing and stunning location	We have just returned from a one night stay in the Burj al Arab - what an amazing experience. The hotel is stunning, the staff are so polite and respectful and the suites are out of this world. We arrived at the hotel and as our room was not ready, we had an automatic upgrade to a two bedroomed suite - it was amazing with sweeping staircase, chandalier, to the upstairs bedrooms. The butler took us on a guided tour, showed us how everything worked and was on call 24/7. I would urge anyone thinking of staying to at least book just one night - we will never forget the experience.	
Jul 12 2007 	Burj Al Arab - Honeymoon Perfect	We had just arrived from our week stay in the Maldives at the Hilton Rangali Island and Resort, staying in a Water Villa. This was an amazing experience with over double the amount of staff to the number of guests.However the Burj Al Arab... Worlds Apart. We booked this hotel as we have travelled to many places and wanted this one to be very special... as it is our honeymoon.On arrival at the airport, everything was taken care of, they collected our luggage, all we had to do was go through passport control. We were collected by Rollys Royce and my wife was given a bunch of flowers and was asked to choose the music in the car. We were given a couple of cold towels and some water. On the way the driver was very down-to-earth and showed us some of the sights on the way to the hotel. Just after the Dubai Creek Golf Club, he rang the hotel and said, we are at Check Point 2.... Sure enough as we arrived at the hotel... we had no less than 8 people thanking us for coming and welcoming us to the hotel, offering beverages and dates, etc.We were then escorted to our room, we had a Deluxe suite on the 20th Floor on 'The World' side of the hotel (however being hazy we dont know whether we are able to see The World or not). However the view is towards the Burj Dubai (Soon to be the tallest building in the world).All the suites are over 2 floors and the butler showed us around and how to work all the electronics, such as tv and the curtains all controlled by remote. It is very overwhelming and the Hermes Toiletries smell lovely and of course they are yours. On arrival we were given a cake and a bottle of Champagne to celebrate our Honeymoon, together with a further bunch of flowers. It was also my Birthday the following day so have had 2 further cakes and a bunch of flowers.... however to top this all off, we had the head butler, another butler and a muslim lady sing Happy Birthday to me... WITH A GUITAR.... Was very sweet....We've eaten at the Al Muntaha Restaurant (review elsewhere on the site) and the buffet, which was 130GBP without alcohol... so a little expensive for what it is. Breakfast is 60GBP although is included, and is very comprehensive. All in all a truely special place and one you have to try. Maybe the next stage is the Hydropolis ( i think it is called) its the first Underwater Hotel in the world coming to Dubai soon.	
Jul 7 2007 	Wonder of the world?	Well...where shall i begin? After getting over the initial shock / surprise of my husband kindly booking this hotel for our honeymoon, getting through security and over the bridge to reach this spectacular hotel, walking into the ellaborate foyer was awe inspiring. From then on you are treated like royalty. Not only do you get a butler who checks you in and follows you round from then on but you get taken to your bedroom which in most cases is spread over two floors and bigger than most houses in the UK. Here I fell in love, I had two bathrooms, one of which had his and her sinks, showers, baths but also a walk in dressing room. This of course along with your own living room and dining room, bedroom etc.The little extra touches they add are quite sweet aswell.. bottle of non alcoholic bubbly, bowl of fruit, box of chocolates and dates, and a tv screen which had a special message for us both. Everything is controlled by a remote.. i'm talking tv, curtains, lights and even the butler! The view when opening the curtains is like something I have never seen before and probably never ever will.This hotel is as romantic as you want to make it (I'm talking mirrored ceilings and pillow menu) yes, pillow menu...the least you would expect for the price...and you can like i did get the butler to fill the bath for you (whilst you are out exploring other areas of the hotel) with rose petals!Excellent facilities, restaurants, spa, wonderful views from the pools- absolutely amazing!!!!! And one of the best massages I have ever had. The only down side if you see it as that is that the hotel provides everything you need therefore you may not even want to leave the hotel and explore the rest of Dubai, even the Wild Wadi Park which is just opposite and included in the priceIf you can even for one day, you should, just for the experience. An experience I will never forget!	
Jul 3 2007 	Unbelivable and Spectacular	There is no Hotel like this one. It was expensive but worthwhile to stay at least once in lifetime. On its own manmade island, It is architectural marvel. Everything in this hotel is made specifically for this Hotel and everything is fabulous.	
Jun 25 2007 	Great experience!	On our way back to Singapore from Europe we experienced Burj Al Arab one night. It is the unofficial symbol of Dubai, a must see place for tourists, which represent the new soul and vision of Dubai. Most tourists visiting Dubai come to Burj, just to see, take photographs, perhaps have dinner or coffee in one of hotel's eateries. In a way we did the same, only one notch higher and we stayed there the night. Architecture is FANTASTIC, truly is monumental. Once you step in, here there is an endless ceiling rising above your head. Interior looks like a huge beehive with whitewashed balconies and colorful walls. Two amazing beehive pools at the entrance display various colors. Playful water hoops jump up and down, play hide and seek with each other. I shouldn't forget to mention the two huge aquariums on the sides of the escalators. Walking towards the hotel after sunset is quite an experience. Front wall of the hotel must be fabric, creates an illusion of a huge lamp glittering with red and orange. It is like a huge, modern magic lamp. During the day it looks like a sail, I think that's the illusion they were trying to create. I loved it. Our room was great too, In fact we were upgraded to a corner suite. 7-8m high ceiling was very impressing. On both sides of the room, the walls are completely glass. It is possible to see famous &quot;The World&quot; project rising up in Persian Golf on one side and on the other side there is the beach, more turquoise water, Jumeirah complex and the water park. Upon entering the room, there is a study area right across and long stairs climbing up to the mezzanine bedroom. Once turning left, here there is a huge living area with a dining table and private bar. Up on the mezzanine level, there is a huge bed and a pillow menu to choose from. Two toilets, one is up one is downstairs. 2 huge TVs, jacuzzi, shower place, dressing area, 2 sets of slippers, and many more, everything you might need and best quality, luxurious. Lots of gold and dark blue. I probably wouldn't decorate my house like this, but it is a different, fun experience. There is a butler service, though butler changes frequently. He teaches how to use the equipment and brings lots of itsy bitsy snacks, fruits etc to the room. So you kind of feel the need to put the don't disturb sign on outside. But this is not easy, it is electronic and to use it, you need to know how to operate the super techie remote. If you haven't listened to the butler carefully you might be in trouble like me. Fortunately my husband remote savvy enough we managed to solve this minor problem. All these plenty is nice but might be a bit tiring at times, so take it easy. As mentioned by other reviewers room service and restaurants are very expensive. Food we ordered for room service was not all that good, restaurant food was good but there is nothing to write home about it. There is a subtle cheekiness among the stuff. I don't know how to describe it. Perhaps not genuinely respectful is the way to describe? I actually felt this in almost everywhere in Dubai. Perhaps it is a cultural thing. Dubai is the land of mega, modern, techie, chic projects and it is under construction. It might be an interesting place once complete. We are planning to go back there again in 5 years.	
Jun 10 2007 	Nice hotel but losing its class	This was our 3rd stay at the Burj al Arab and marked differences were noted. I had emailed the hotel previously to request a high floor suite and make a booking at the Al Mahara restaurant and these requests were confirmed within 24 hours. We had stayed in the Shangri La hotel prior to our arrival at the Burj at 11.30am and were advised our suite was not ready but should be within the hour. We were offered tea/coffee in the mezzanine area which was fine and we were happy to wait. However, at 12.30, no one had come to see us and I had to ask what the situation was. We were advised it should be approximately a further 15 minutes - 35 minutes later someone came and said our suite was ready. Not really the best start. We were then shown our standard duplex suite on the 23rd floor -strange coincidence but this was exactly the same suite (2302) that we had a couple of years ago! The gentleman on reception showed us around the suite (not the butler as there didn't appear to be one around) and quickly whizzed through everything. He mentioned there were a couple of changes, such as a flat screen TV in the bedroom now and the Hermes products had changed, ditto the style of the slippers/beach bag etc. 23rd floor is the highest floor you can get for a normal suite as floor 24 holds 2 presidential suites and floor 25 the 2 royal suites. We had a view of the Palm Jumeirah which has a lot more construction on it than before - the hotel provides a telescope in the room to enable the guests to look at this in more detail. We had reservations the first evening at Al Mahara and walked to the &quot;submarine&quot; but previously had been escorted by the butler. The meal was fine and the service was very good but I found the choice to be a little limited. Beware wine prices - I chose a cheaper bottle which was £80, the normal seemed to be about £150-200. The next evening, we chose to hop on a buggy to Mina al Salam and an abra to Al Qasr - had a great steak in MJs steakhouse and the service was excellent.The third and final night, we were invited to the manager's cocktail party between 6.30-8pm. Again, no escort by the butler from the floor (which has been done previously). We met a couple of the department managers (Chandra, head of housekeeping and Felix, Asst.Manager in the Skyview bar) who were really nice. Chandra kindly offered to show us around the presidential suite the next day (as we had previously looked at the royal suite) even though they were being redecorated. We decided to eat at the Thai restaurant at Al Qasr. Great meal and excellent service again. At 10am the next day, Chandra collected us and we went to the 24th floor to view the presidential suite. This was absolutely fantastic. There are two bedrooms and the colours are blues/yellows in comparison to the gaudy red/golds of the royal suite. The bathroom is beautiful and much more subtle than the royal. We thanked him profusely (and of course tipped him) for allowing us to have a look around. I also mentioned the change in Hermes products offered in the rooms and explained my mother loved the old products when she was there a couple of years ago. He was so kind when we left and gave me some of the old products to take home for her. We went to the pool for a couple of days and on the first day were shown to a sunbed, had a towel laid out, given a bottle of water, evian and lavender face sprays and had an umbrella put up for us. On the second day, there was no one around and we did everything ourselves but found other people were assisted later. We had to ask for a bottle of water. The only thing I may be able to say in their defence, is that it was extremely windy (due to a cyclone affecting the Middle East) and they were busy due to these high winds. Overall, the rooms are always great, wonderfully spacious, cleaned perfectly and products replaced regularly. The downside is that security has lapsed with people entering the hotel. Before, it was just for people who were staying there, had dining or high tea reservations. Now, at certain times of the day, any guest of a jumeirah hotel can gain entrance, thus leaving you to fight your way through a throng of people to get onto escalators. People were also coming to the floors to hang over the balconies to take photographs. I thought this detracted from the hotel's exclusivity and I'm not sure it's the best way to go if they want to retain their reputation as a high class hotel.	
Jun 5 2007 	Impossible to live up to it's hype	We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights recently in a Panoramic Suite. First of all the negatives - 1) we had arranged to be picked up at the airport but on arrival nobody was there - a long story but in summary - we waited 30 minutes outside in the heat, had to call the hotel 3 times, get back into the airport through a no entry door and go to the Jumeira counter (ie. not flagged as a Burj Al Arab counter)to demand some action. Our 'greeter' then materialised and had apparently been waiting at the wrong arrival gate. This was sympathetically remedied at the hotel as the price of the transfer was waived and some hotel wine offered as an apology but this was notthe start we had hoped for. 2) We had a lot of different butlers helpus over the 6 day stay - it became a bit tiring to be constantly introduced to &quot;our new butler&quot; and we would have preferred to have just 1 or 2 so that they would get to know us better. 3) The Al Arab is a luxury hotel and such service and quality is naturally expensive. However I found that the prices for everything was entirely disproportionate - USD80 for a room service hamburger, USD100+ for breakfast, USD500 for a full bottle of spirits in the room etc. etc. 4) The food was 'reasonable' but for example, in the flagship 'underwater' seafood restaurant, the seafood was not particularly fresh and the champagnes and wines we tasted had clearlybeen damaged by heat or cork taint. 5) The bar on the top floor of the hotel felt extremely dated - in terms of design, decor, music, ambience - the atmosphere felt in contrast to the rest of the hotel - an odd experience and perhaps designed more for drop in visitors/tourists rather than hotel guests.As for the positives - the website accurately represents the 'look' of the hotel. The interior and exterior will take your breath away. Although the furnishings are perhaps too opulent for some, the hotel certainly has an individual identity, and the suites themselves are extremely spacious and functional. The levels of service and cleanliness are meticulous and the Hermes products provided are of expected quality (please note however that the more 'expensive' products are not replaced everyday but every three days). The gym and pool are also of an expected high standard and are perhaps the only things that are free of charge in the hotel, with a great view to boot.In summary - it is an enjoyable experience to stay at the Al Arab but I would caution that the hotel is by no means perfect and so expectations need to be realistic. We stayed at the Al Qasr in the adjacent complex and it's levels of service and refinement were almost the same at 1/3 of the price for the room and amenities (though with 1/3 of the space..). I feel that the room rate at the Al Arab is probably justified for the size of suite that one can enjoy but that the price of goods and services is wholly unrealistic and will turn many people off.	
Jun 2 2007 	Great Value Even at $1200 a Night	My Wife and I just came back from Dubai. We stayed 3 nights at the Burj and loved every minute of it. The reception, staff, food, service, decor, attention detail are all as promised and hyped if not better. Our price per night with tax was $1200 and that felt like a steal. Last summer we stayed one night at the Mandarin Orietnal in NYC for our wedding anniversary where the total was about $950. For the extra $250 at the Burj you get SO much more - the two story suite - free transportation around the Jumeirah beach area, personal attention, Hermes cosmetics, new food and amenities appearing in your room each night - so many surprises every day and so welcoming. We can't wait to go back.	
Jun 1 2007	Does not live up to the hype	We spent twon nights here in transit through dubai , Going through dubai there seemed to be only one choice of hotel, but in the end the whole experience was rather tacky ... The suite was gigantic, we had over 300m of floorspace, which was all a bit too much, the extra bedroom for example was not realy needed, the style is basically over the top gaudy, and despite all the space you have no outside space so are stuck in the a/c environment the whole time .... They talked us into visiting the &quot;underwater&quot; restaurant which was all an enormous hassle, they started off telling me my shoes would not be acceptable so after going out and buying shoes they said , oh and you do have a jacket and tie ? , this being dubai a jacket is the last thing I expected to need but they lent me one and off we went in the phoney submarine , this should alert you to the fact that you are not heading to a quality dining experience .... the food was overpriced and too salty to be edible and overall very unimpressive ... My general view of places that impose dress codes are that they do this as an admission that their general clientele are not a classy bunch, in Tokyo I have never been to a restaurant with any dress code as people tend to dress well at all times, places like the burj can impose silly codes that annoy cutomers, but a jacket and shoes with laces are not going to prevent customers from being loud, annoying and poorly behaved ....	
May 30 2007 	The Best Hotel in the World	My Husband and I stayed at the Burj for three days in March 2006, loved it so much that we booked a week in May this year. It was wonderful. I would give it 10 stars.We booked one of the Hotel's Rolls Royces for our transfers to and from the airport which was probably cheaper than the same in England. We ate in the resturants which were expensive but the food and the service was out of this world. All the guests were treated as if they were special. It was worth every penny and thoroughly recommend it. I am returning in March, this time with our Daughter.	
May 30 2007 	sheer bliss	we fllew to Dubai on the 13th of May and after a very good flight with Emirates were fast-tracked through the customs and arrivals procedures by a member of the Burj staff and into our Rolls Royce within 15 mins of landing. Our chauffeur had iced water waiting for us and also a selection of music and chilled hand towels. A great start. When we arrived at the Burj we were met by a number of staff and a reviving cold drink. Within minutes we were ushered into our suite on the 20th floor with the most remarkable views of the city . The suite was spotless! The furnishings are extremely elegant and everything is of the finest quality. Our concierge and Butler wanted to unpack for us but we declined as we were only going to be there for 3 nights and didn't need to empty the suitcases. However, the things that we did hang up were discretely whisked away the next morning whilst we were at breakfast and reappeared pressed! The staff could not have been more helpful if they had tried - in fact it is almost a problem trying to stop them! The restaurants were lovely nad met our expectations for quality of food, wine, service and price. If you cannot afford to go there with an open pocket - don't. We will go back again for the horse racing and are looking forward to it. We hired the Burj cabin cruiser for an afternoon and the Captain, Peter was extremely informative about all of the construction taking place in Dubai. We took a trip around 'the palm' and also went around 'the world' in 90 minutes ! That was a fantastic experience and one we will repeat. The day we left to fly to Mauritius we were sent off with lots of the Hermes products which you are given to use or not - as you wish and our transfer back to the airport was as seamless as our arrival. 10 out of 10 for everything.	
May 26 2007 	best hotel EVER!!	if you cant afford to stay at the burj for at least one night, save up and wait, you MUST stay here!!!booked a regular room, got upgraded to the club suite b/c the hotel was fulleverything was perfect, everythingyes, the food and drinks are expensive, but its the BURJ!!!	
May 15 2007 	Staying at the Burj for the weekend!	To celebrite the landmark that was my 40th Birthday my wife and I decided to visit Dubai and stay at the Burj Al Arab. Having reading reviews of varying degrees and spent a not inconsiderable amount of money on the trip I was somewhat apprehensive as to my stay.However, I was pleasantly surprised that the Burj met and surpassed my expectations. Firstly it is a marvelous structure both inside and out that is both captivating and awe inspiring. On arrival, our welcome was warm and helpful and I was surprised by the serenity of the reception (I did not know at that time that access to hotel complex is controlled). The staff were extremely helpful and polite without being overbareing or presumptious. Each floor has it's own receptionist and butler to assist you and compliment your stay. Understandably the rooms were kept to an impeccable standard and on arrival we were given a full demonstration of the facilities (Each standard room has a laptop with internet access and a multi-card memory reader - useful for viewing and send digital photo shots). Complimentary wine and fruit were provided in the room. We were advised by friends to purchase alcohol at the airport in the duty free shop by the baggage collection area as not surprisingly food and drink are very expensive in the hotel.I had read about the decor and some people's opinion of it as being tacky or gawdy. In my opinion most of the attempts at replicating historic/stylistic decor in such places as Las Vegas do result in a tacky interior but I think the Burj just about manages to avoid that. The finishings of the hotel in general and the rooms are to an excellent standard and while most of the styling is not what you would call subtle, it is also not overpowering or gawdy. The space and views provided by the room were fantastic and are what I think what makes it stand apart from other hotels around the world. It is more than a hotel room without being an apartment. My favourite part of the hotel had to be the inifinity swimming pool located on the 18th floor. Being able to swim while also viewing the sea and Dubai was very memorable. There is also a small outdoor pool around which there is sunbathing. The staff are extremely attentive when you want to sunbathe, laying out towels for you and providing iced water. We did not try any of the restaurants in the hotel partly because they are very expensive but also because there are plenty of excellent options in the Madinat complex that adjoins the Burj (accessible via a compliment buggy service). We did enjoy the Wild Wadi water party (complimentary to Burj guests) and also the beach that is exclusive to the Burj. Overall we had an excellent stay in Dubai and the Burj. Expensive as it is, I think it is worth it if you want to treat yourself.	
May 12 2007 	Beautiful but not Extraordinary... One stay is enough !	It was for my birthday surprise trip... My first impression of Dubai is that it looks just like Las Vegas, only with luxurious setting of the ocean.We arrive in the evening. We could spot the hotel far away just before we arrive there. The hotel soars to a height of 321 meters, dominating the Dubai coastline, and until this time still one of the most expensive hotel in Dubai. Unlike the other hotel properties which are easy to access by visitor, Burj Al Arab grant access only to their overnight guests, guests who have reservation (either for restaurants or spa) and for their private members.At the main gate, the security verify our name before allowed us to proceed to the hotel building.The hotel lobby was impressive. I noticed more employee than the guest, which is one sign of the luxury property.We were welcomed by the guest service agent, fresh towel and welcome drink were offered upon arrival. Shortly after collecting our travel documents, we were escorted to our suite on 24th floor.Our 2 Bedroom Suite (Area - 335 sq. mts.) has a large dining area with separate kitchen and two lounges offering magnificent sea views - allowing us plenty of space to rest, relax or entertain in unsurpassed style. Lower level - Living room with large lounge area, dining table for 6, kitchen and separate butler entrance, small lounge, guest washroom, office with chess table Upper level - Master bedroom with king size bed and adjoining luxury bathroom and dressing room, second bedroom with twin beds and luxury bathroom.We were introduced to our personal buttler, who gave tour to our suite as well as an explanation on how to use the all in one suite remote control (tv, light, audio, curtain, etc). I mostly impress by the room amenity, such as HERMES full size bath &amp; body products, as well as fresh flower arrangements in the suites.The other additional touch such as a laptop computer with free internet access in the suite is very useful (eventhough the laptop model is a bit old and the connection is a bit slow).The Entertaiment selection on TV is wonderful, inclusive with free movie channel (don't expect any adult film... as it is forbid in the country). Beside the movie channel, there is also selection of dvds that can be deliver to your room (offcourse complimentary - but no new blockbuster film !).The private beach at Burj Al Arab was excellent, less crowded then all other Jumeirah property, but lack of pool. It find the Jumeirah Beach hotel offer the best pool facilities.The other added value as a guest at Burj Al Arab is a free entrance to Wild Wadi Water Park which is fun to visit when you are &quot;a water lover&quot; (trust me, there are more adult than children in this Water Park).The restaurant venue in Burj Al Arab is wonderful. We wanted to try Al Mahara (which is their signature underwater restaurant) but the restaurant required formal dress (Jacket and no Jeans!). Unfortunately we did not bring any Jacket with us, therefore we went to other Jumeirah property's restaurant near by as an option. One of my favorite one is &quot;PaiThai&quot; at Al Qasr, Madinat Jumeirah. The food was authentic. The setting was nice, especially getting there with water taxi... made the experience unique.We had two nights stay and my Overall Rating:- Guest Service: Good, but not WOW ! - Hotel Facilities: The suite are large, but it is not my style. Too traditional !!- Restaurant : Good but not extraordinary (for Breakfast and Lunch!)- Hotel View : The best in town !!!Dubai is rating as one of the most growing cities for tourism, and yet it has very large variety offered for accommodation. It is definetly worth for the money that you spent. My best memory of this property is The VIEW... and the Quiet and exclusiveness.. which is really worth it if you looking for some privacy !!On the other hand it is nice to have the experience, but this property do not have the WOW aspect that will make me want to comeback and stay there again. As people said.. been there.. done that.. !! That is how i describe this property..Once is enough.!!If I am back to dubai.. certainly will consider other property such as One &amp; Only Royal Mirage or..Armani Hotel , which is schedule to open in 2008.Tip: If you are AMEX Platinum / Centurion members, book it with AMEX Fine Hotels &amp; Resorts Rate for an extra perks.	
May 11 2007 	Fun to Experience	We stayed in a panoramic suite while on our way to the Maldives. I am glad we stopped because it was a memorable experience and broke up our long trip. Dubai is a unique place and there are a lot of fun things to do and see while there. I wasn't too impressed with the shopping, it's just like any other large city, same stores, same prices. I actually prefer NYC, London or Paris because you get to walk around outside and see sights, in Dubai everything is inside and I find that less enjoyable. We visited one mall when we spent a few hours snow skiing indoors. For some reason I wasn't expecting it to be that cold, but it was. I was just wearing a long cotton dress (I do advise women to cover up out of respect, although there are those who do not) and I got very cold (but I do get cold easily, like most women do). It was a fun few hours. More exciting was the dune buggy ride in the desert. It is soooo fun and a crazy adventure. A tad scary because you are just strapped into this little buggy which goes pretty fast and you whip around the dunes in a caravan. Of course I got stuck a few times and had to be pulled out, but they were nice about it. I highly recommend going on the buggies, but keep in mind that if you are (or are with) a prissy girl, you get really dirty (sand gets EVERYWHERE!) and it is a little scary. We stayed for the BBQ dinner and belly dancing, which was fun, but I would have preferred going back earlier (it takes about an hour to get out there) and having a nice dinner somewhere (but not at the Al Mahara). The Gold Souk was fun to walk around in for a while, but everything felt cheap to me, so we didn't purchase anything.The Burj is fun. It's exactly like the pictures, very opulent. Our room was huge, and of course the mirror is a fun surprise (even when you know about it). They are obviously very attentive to your needs. Our room service breakfast was delicious, and they had lots of fresh fruit and little treats as well. Oh, and the Hermes toiletries. All wonderful. I guess my only complaint was our experience at the Al Mahara. We enjoy indulging every once in a while, but chose not to go crazy here because the wine prices were just ridiculous. They are absurd even for a 5 star hotel. The food was terrible overall. And they served shark fin soup in a restaurant centered around an absolutely stunning aquarium with sharks swimming around. Seemed kind of backwards to me. Anyways, the bread and desserts were good, but the everything else was not. They are trying to be sophisticated and modern and it's just not happening, furthermore the ingredients did not seem of the finest quality. And the simulated submarine voyage is kind of cheesy, like a ride at Disney. We still had a memorable time regardless.So, it's fun, a unique experience to tell your friends about and show off some pictures. I doubt we will go back to Dubai again, unless it's a stopover, but it we had a fabulous time and I think if you can, spend a little money for the experience.	
May 11 2007 	fantantastic	I new It would be a lovely hotel as friends had told me, but we were overwhelmed by it all. The staff are just so friendly, without being intrusive, we were totally spoilt from our rolls royce pickup at the airport, to our butler filling the jacuzzi on our arrival. It was our wedding anniversary and they made it so special, They think of everything to make your holiday perfect. If you are wondering if this hotel is worth the money, then yes it is. It is pure luxury, and if you are celebrating a special occasion, I can assure you, you will not forget it. Can't wait to go back!!!!	
Apr 30 2007 	Great Service	What a wonderful hotel with such a warm and friendly staff. On the day we arrived they upgraded us to a Panoramic Suite, gave us early check in, and our butler gave us a tour of one of the two bedroom premier suites. The manager even invited us for cocktails and granted us 6PM checkout. I never thought that it could exceed our high expectations, but it did. It is a once in a lifetime kind of place.	
Apr 29 2007	How I Got the Best Value on the Room Booking	I noticed that there are many ways to book a hotel room. You can call the property directly, book though the actual hote's website, find on eof the very popular websites like Expedia &amp; Travelocity, etc. You can also book through a travel agency and finally, you can find other websites that maybe heretofore unknown. You might think it takes a leap oof faith to go with an unknown website, BUT in reality there is NO risk in doing this b/c unlike purchasing a product on a website &amp; paying for it before you actually get it, when a making a typical hotel reservation, you are merely offering your credit card to &quot;guarantee&quot; your reservation. Heck, in many cases you can even cancel a &quot;guaranteed&quot; reservation w/o penalty as long as you do so a day ro two before the reserved arrival date. And as long as you use a website (that's backed by something like a physical location or people that answer their phones &amp; you can talk to) OR you find a site that has a secure online booking connection-it's SAFE &amp; very worthwhile. When searching for the best value on room rates at The Burj Al Arab, that oftentimes &quot;in-Season&quot; go for well over $1000USD per night, I came across [---] that overall had a better price than the big, known sites on the standard suite-only booking PLUS, they threw in complimentary perks that enhanced the value even more. Although I booked it across their secure booking engine w/o talking to anybody, I did call them later to be sure all was in order and so far everything has panned out w.oa hitch. They do charge $35 to make a booking if one of their agents does it for you but you can pocket this if you just use their online booking engine.	
Apr 22 2007 	Only people who'd rate this 7* are themselves which is the case!	If you like 'C' list celebs, and other people with more money than sense (or taste), then go join them at this self-certified farce.As a money making enterprise it's without equal, as a hotel you'd be better severed in a TravelLodge. The only thing the management care about here is getting as much of your wealth as possible.Some examples: book dinner and get told what you must eat (main course 'compulsory'), when you must arrive (within 15 minutes of your booking), what you can and can not do, and a long description on what constitutes 'smart casual'. Given some of your fellow dinners can barely use cutlery it's to be expected! Food is average (quality, not price) too.If you want a proper hotel, rated by people who know hotels, and run by hoteliers, not accountants then go to the Ritz (far better).	
Apr 18 2007 	one and only 7star hotel	its a amazing hotel. which has fantastic staff and management.	
Apr 10 2007 	Amazing place	I was lucky enough to stay here for my 30th Birthday and what an experience it was....This hotel is truly one of the best hotels in the world, the service, the staff, the att. to detail is incredible.I travelled with my 3 yr old daughter and i cannot tell you how amazed i was at how friendly and inviting the staff were towards her. The hotel itself is stunning and the rooms are exactly like they are shown in the photos. The Butler was so welcoming and nothing was evertoo much trouble. I never had to lift a finger, everytime i stepped out of the lift andon to the floor, the staff would open my room door and make sure thateverything was ok.The beach is lovely and so is the pool area. You will find yourself snapping away every chance you get. What i did find though was that there are millions of tourists in the lobby area and it was quite annoying at times. They were all snapping away and sitting in front of the fountains and blocking the view so much so that we couldn't even take a picture without them in the background...we finally gave up!All the facilities in the room and the little touches really make your stay enjoyable and special. This hotel is worth writing about and definatley worth a visit.Breakfast was lovely with cakes, pastries, hot and cold buffets and fresh juices and we never found ourselves waiting around. All the staff in the hotel will know you by name and if they dont they will find out!We also stayed at the Al Qasr which is also stunning and definatley worth a visit however you do notice a considerable drop in the quality of service which is to be expected. I cannot fault either of these hotels...if you get the chance to go then don't even think about it..just go!An experience of a lifetime....	
Mar 21 2007 	True wow factor!	We have just returned from our first visit to Dubai. We spent 2 nights at the Burj before moving to the Jumeirah Beach Hotel for a further 8 nights. In retrospect we should have arranged it the other way around because we are forever spoilt by the Burj!From the moment of arrival at the airport until check out we could not have been treated any better. We have a toddler and a baby so were a little worried about how we would be received, but I cannot stress how entirely welcoming and friendly they were towards us and our children. Our daughter went on to suffer with Chicken Pox at the Jumeirah and, although we were treated well there, I could not help thinking about how much fun it would have been to be quarantined at the Burj!We had a two bedroom suite as we were unable to book a one bedroom one, but would imagine that it would have been equally impressive. The space was amazing and I have just unpacked the Hermes toileteries they gave us and can't find our bed underneath them all - should keep us going for a while! The fact that they bring little treats all the time just adds to the magical experience - it really is like being a child all over again!We didn't have much chance to try the restaurants. We ate at the pool side restaurant for breakfast, which was lovely - they overheard our (2 year old) daughter say she would like some peas so they cooked some for her! I would recommend reserving the reasaturants for the evenings as we were unable to get into the restaurants on the first night so booked into the buffet on the second and had a nice meal (buffets are always a good option for us as my husbanc is veggie). I would, however, say that the buffet at Latitude in the Jumeirah Beach Hotel is by far the best we have ever had.The decor is opulent and not what I would choose in my own home - but it is breath-taking and adds to the overall experience.We are seasoned travellers and have stayed in some of the best hotels around the world ( I know everyone says this, but it's true - since selling my husband's company five years ago our feet have barely touched the ground!) and I can honestly say that this is the best by far. I can't remember the last time I walked into a room and felt that total and immediate 'wow'. Reading some of the less than enthusiastic reviews of other travellers has puzzled us, but I guess everyone has different tastes. The only disappointing thing about it is that we may never be this impressed by a hotel again!	
Feb 25 2007 	'it's all a matter of taste!!!!!'	Just returned from an 11 night winter sun break to Dubai. First 4 nights at the wonderful desert resort 'al Maha' followed by 7 nights at the Burj. (on reflection, i wish i had done more nights at the Al Maha) In my opinion it's not a case of being satisfied or unsatisfied, more a matter of taste. Some will enjoy it others wont. One thing is clear, the Burj is probably one of the only hotels that really doesn't have to rely, that much, on a good review such is the celebrity status it attracts. In essence, regardless of what people say or write people will want to experiance this themselves, and should, in order to make up there own mind. In my mind, i have been to better hotels. Yes the service is good, yes the decor is bizaare, some call it opulent, others call it tacky. Whilst I wouldn't want to replicate the decor in my own home and furnishings etc are all luxurious i think the blue and gold decor in the rooms is starting to look slightly 'old 90's' but the entrance and lobby is breathtaking. I won't go on about what you get in the rooms etc as many before me have commneted on that. Similarly, the Rolls transfers were nice. Yes the Burj is expensive, but in its defence, no more expensive than any other top hotel. I must confess to being a Aman Hotel junkie, and the cost of a nightly room there is on a par with the Burj. A basic suite at the Burj was costing me around £750 pounds per night. As i arrived in Dubai, i was reading an article Michael Bourke had written about his stay in Dubai, and i have to agree with his comments on the Burj with reference to it being full of c list celebs and Russian Maffia. To be fair, there were lots of Russians, but i had no way in knowing if their money was good or bad, but they did have body guards with them!! The Burj although nice and fascinating to see wasn't a relaxing place. I now have some insight into how those islanders feel when they are visited by the cruise ships every day. The hotel was full of people visiting, bus load after bus load were shipped in on a daily basis. The pool area was smalll and i preferred the private beach. The sun loungers here gave us some privacy from our fellow guests as the pool area sun beds, for me, was awfull, just one long row of beds along the sea wall with no personal space from other guests between the beds. If you do go to the burj, don't be intimidated, remember, it's only a hotel. The Burj itself is part of the huge Jumeirah resort, with the jumeirah beach hotel and three other arabian resorts (Dar Al Masyaf, Al Qasr, and Mina A' Salem) on the beach with a total capacity of over 1500 bedrooms. Dubai, isn't somewhere that I would want to go to every year and I certainly won't be investing in property there. For me, if i returned i would stay at the beautiful Royal Mirage for a more refined luxury hotel. The Burj is big and the building is beautiful, just don't believe the spin. I think everyone should try it if they can, but remeber just because the hype has generated this as the best in the world, doesn't make it true. Holidays and hotels are extremely personal. The Burj for me was a 'been there , seen it, done it' experience and i doubt i will return. Saying that, Dubai isn't somewhere i would return to on a regular basis anyway. Go try for yourself, but if its a relaxing break you are looking for, maybe you should try somewhere else. Before i go, the meals were good, but not great, and the simulated underwater one (i forget its name) is another example of how it's celebrity status brings in the punters. If it was based on the food alone, i think it would be half empty. PLEASE, if you take anything from this review, take this, the food was mediocre and thats being kind, although the aqaurium was nice to look at.	
Feb 16 2007	Burj - absolutely fantastic hotel.	We had been warned to expect absolute luxury, but nothing prepared us for our visit to the Burj! From the Butler service to the friendliness of the staff to the opulent surroundings - nothing was left to chance. If there are any hotels better than this in the world, i would like to visit, because I cannot imagine being made more welcome. We stayed at the Emirates Palace in Abu Dhabi, but it was nothing compared to the Burj. We are definitely going back to the Burj when I save up, but the visit to Emirates Palace was a one off for the experience. All in all, if you aren't satisfied with the Burj, there is something seriously wrong with you!!	
Jan 14 2007 	Social Club for Employees	Ahh and so it begins... A stay at the infamous &quot;7-Star&quot; Burj Al Arab situated on its own man made island in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Burj in Arabic means &quot;tower&quot; so in translation it is the &quot;Arabian Tower&quot;. I hail from Long Island, New York and am quite accustomed to good service having travled the world numerous times while staying with the best of 'em. The Grandeur of the approach to the Burj will place you in an &quot;awe-like&quot; state while you try to take in as much as possible. The security is not a laughing matter unlike the the crew of Heathrow's airport, but that is another review entirely. As you cross the bridge onto the man made island that supports this great Structure which is the tallest hotel in the world you can not help but just sit back and smile. Your expectation of the service you are about to experience runs wild with anticipation growing rampantly. Walking in into the Burj is a lovely experience that is hard to describe so I can only suggest that you might one day take on this wonderful journey to the Burj. Of course there is no reception desk one can only imagine standing in line to check into a &quot;7-star&quot; hotel. With your entry into the Burj, you will be greeted many times very politely and seated while served a refreshing cold towel to help rejuvenate you from the HOT Arabian sun. Any refreshments will immediatly be offered to you while delicious dates are place in front of you just as Adam and Eve were tempted with that damn apple that has landed all of us here (outside the garden). Enjoy! your on vacation but beware that two dates contain the sugar content for one entire day of a normal 2,000 calorie intake diet. Of course now you ask are you reading the review of the Burj or some guys rant on sugar intake? One of the staff members will escort you up to your suite. You should know that the Burj does not have any &quot;rooms&quot; only 202 two level suites. On your way up the escalators please notice the two giant aquarium fish tanks situated to the left and the right because these are the first tanks any new fish brought to the Burj will enter. You might not have time to look left and right on account of the wonderful water design in between the escalators. As I am told the designers of the Bellagio's water show have traveled accross the world to design the water attractions at the Burj. As you arrive ontop the escalator and step onto what is known as the upper lobby you will look up and realize that you are not in any high class hotel but in the Burj Al Arab. What I can tell you from viewing pictures and watching the documentary on the discovery channel before embarking on my journey is that the dynamic human eye is the best way to not only view but enjoy this experience. While you are on your way through the lobby the escort is explaining the architecture of the Burj along with all the ammenities such as dinning, shopping and of course the facilities such as their own water park called Wild Wadi(which is complementary to guest of the Burj). One feature of the elevators which I found exetremly nice is one you have pressed the button whether up or down, one of the elevators will light up once not because it has arrived but to show you which one will be arriving. This is a small but nice feature that takes the guess work out of which of the six elevators to stand in front of, while most hotels' elevators ensure the guest situated themselves in the middle and feel like a soccer goalie during a shootout. Upon arrival on your floor you will see the floor conceirge greet you while a smile that is from ear to ear. Entry to your suite is another feeling all together, it is a mix of euphoria and that feeling you had in high school when she said &quot;yes&quot;. Your butler explains how to opperate your interactive suite. You door itself is equiped with an intercom and video camer which you can interact with from any of the 14 phones in your suite. Do not even think that for a moment that you will have to answer the door yourself, a button situated on the telephone and the TV remote controls will open the door for you, of course after viewing who reall is at the door. Is it the butler or some drunk &quot;New Russian&quot; who does not know what to do with his money, and please do not try to confront any of the sort because they will just try to &quot;buy&quot; you. My slight suggestion to them is use the money for a couple etiquette lessons. Anyway back to the review, I apologize for that tangent. The bottom floor has a living room, dinning area, two bars, full office area with laptop and mulitfunction fax/copier/printer available for you. The plasma Tv situated behind a gold plated frame fully internet ready with a wireless keyboard ready for your disposal. If you would like to take a gander at your view just pick up your remote control and press the button accordingly. I do suggest not opening the curtains until the butler departs from your suite on the fact that you will be so distracted by the view that anything the butler says will not go in one ear and out the other but might not even find its way into your ear canal! The bell boys will ask to confirm their placement of your luggage which of course is always welcomed. The check in process is now completed by your conceirge in your room. You can enjoy the lovely arrangement of fruits or dates or even cookies while completing this process. The staircase leading up to your bedroom is all gold plated and walking up and down these stairs certainly makes you feel like royalty (at least like Sir Elton John). After settling in for a bit I quickly put on my bathing suite and adorned myself with the robe and slippers provided for me and took off for the pool. The pool over looks the Arabian gulf and in the distance you can see the infamous Palm and World Projects. While relaxing by the pool a wide variety of refreshments are offered to you as well as a complementary berry smoothie shot. ********************Please note this is part 1 of 3*****************Please continue onto part 2 of 3Part 2 includes Dinning (lunch)Use of the fascilites such as the private beach, pools, and of course the spa.Part 3 will include dinning (dinner at Al Mahara). More details, and check-out(more exciting that it sounds)	
Jan 11 2007	Do not eat at the burj if you are a veggie	Do not stay at the burj if any of your party is a veggie. Booked a special christmas meal for my daughter in the Bab Al Yam. Expressly said that my daughter was vegetarian. They said fine, not problem. when we arrived there on christmas day we realised that there were no suitable main courses on the buffet . the staff were attentive and we did have a nice meal. However, I paid a lot of money for some spring rolls which was the only thing they were able to prepare at short notice. they were good, but this is not the sort of meal I had planned for christmas day at the burj and not what I expected from a six star hotel!	
Jan 7 2007 	Go Go Go absoutely fantastic.	We stayed here over xmas including xmas day for three nights.On arrival at airport i had arrange for a car to collect us, we were fast tracked through the airport and were then met with the Rolls Royce and a lovely rose bouquet for myself. On arrival at the hotel we were wisked straight to our room and shown the numerous gadgets etc. The room is fantastic its on two levels with amazing space and is so opulent, the bathroom had the biggest spa bath i have ever seen, would fit two adults in easily. bathroom products were fab, Hermes and loads of. We were invitied to go to managers cocktail party, which was really nice, carol singers, snow, champange , canapes etc. We had a standard suite, and i will now be saving very hard to go again. Service was excellent.You must stay once in your life. It was the best experience of my life.	
Jan 2 2007 	Lovely hotel	This hotel is one of the hotels we would return to when we're in Dubai. We stayed at the Burj for the second time. The service has been great, although when we arrived with our rental car, they were too busy to cater to us right away. We had to wait 90 seconds before someone attended to us. I don't know if it was because of my complaint or because we're return customers, the manager invited us to a Christmas party held in their ballroom that night. This was a great party. We canceled our booking at a restaurant that night because we were full after eating the hors doeuvres at their cocktail reception!We stayed at the Kempinski Emirate Palace and Mall of the Emirates at this trip as well and although these are nice hotels, I still prefer the Burj. The Hermes toiletries from the ensuite bathroom at the Burj is worth almost half the room cost! The room is so spacious that this stay is a very good value for the money.	
Dec 31 2006 	Unbelievable so much so its ridiculous - We loved it!	Amazing hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!If everyone was able to they should stay here once in their lifetime!! It is the ultimate in luxury and you can see why it is currently considered the best hotel in the world. We visited Dubai for 3 days on the way back from Mauriitus where we had just got married. It was my now Husband's dream to stay in this hotel and if you are going to pay to do this once, your honeymoon has to be it! I was actually not too keen on going just because I hate really posh hotels and restaurants - I feel really uncomfortable unlike my confident 'city boy' husband! On arrival you get picked up by a Rolls Royce offered bottled water (which can apparently cost more than petrol in Dubai!!) and offered a choice of 6 CD's of music for the journey to the hotel and then I was handed a bouquet of flowers. On arrival at the hotel you are offered fresh cold towels the minute you enter and then dates. The lobby is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!! You will be photographing it at every angle when you get a chance. We were then taken to our suite on the seventh floor introduced to the concierge and butler (and that was just for the 8 or so rooms on our floor!) We were given a wedding cake, wine a ton of local delicacies to enjoy a list of newspapers from around the world we could order for our room, they had thought of everything, infact for the three days we were there we had gifts of perfume, chocolates, wine etc. given to us every day it was unbelievable! As for the suite well it has two floors and is absolutely huge with a beautiful large chandelier above the spiral staircase. There is a plasma screen tv a large seating area, dining table and desk with free internet access from the laptop computer provided. Upstairs you have a huge bed with a mirrored ceiling another big tv and a bathroom to die for!!!! The bathroom is huge and beautifully decorated with big jacuzzi bath and seperate massive shower. Both floors of the suite have floor to ceiling windows giving an amazing view. The remote opens the curtains too!! The windows are darkened so you can see out but people can't see in - except at night when you put the lights on (we did not realise this until we were outside one night).The hotel has a number of places to eat and drink, the Al Mahara restaurant probably being the most popular with its 2 minute pretend submarine ride to get to it and large aquarium. We actually chose not to dine in this restaurant because we are not big fans of seafood but at the Al Muntaha which is at the top of the Burj instead. We had an amazing meal with Wagyu beef (suppposed to be the best in the world where the Japanese actually massage the cows!). It was incredibly posh, not only do you get a wine list but you get a water list to determine which countries bottled water you wanna drink but despite my fear of all things posh I coped - it was worth it!As for everything else - you get free entry to Wild Wadi - which was great and we really enjoyed our day there, there are loads of places to shop, my tip would be to visit the Mall of the Emirates, and definetly take in a tour to learn more about Dubai itself. Taxis are available outside the hotel and are cheap. The beach next to the hotel is beautiful too. In terms of what to wear, for the hotel dress smart its expected and we came prepared for that I also went out and bought a whole new wardrobe of clothes that 'covered me up'. In Dubai because of religion I had read that pretty much you should be covered with no cleavage, or shoulders showing and no short skirts or shorts. This is true in some parts although in the shopping malls there were many female tourists walking around in shorts and vest tops. Obviuosly on the beach and in the water park you can wear bikinis although bear in mind as you leave the hotel you will need to look smart etc. you can't just put a sarong around your bikini and walk down to the beach so take a big bag so you can store your change of clothes! Having said that we were given a big burj al arab bag as a gift from the hotel so we used that.When we booked our holiday they did warn us that there will be building work going on around you. This however is not a problem. Building is going on everywhere - there are supposed to be more cranes in Dubai per square mile than anywhere else in the world! But while you can see it, it does not invade your space or ruin your holiday. Because the hotel is on an island you are distanced from it and certainly don't hear it so I would not worry if your travel agent tells you this. All in all absolutely amazing you will never stay in another hotel like it. It is expensive but for the quality it is to be expected and well worth doing it once. Even if unlike us you have a ton of money and visit expensive hotels all the time I still think this will be the best you will ever stay in!	
Dec 18 2006 	One of the most Memorable Weeks of our Lives	My wife and I stayed here in November for the 3rd time, on this occasion for 8 nights to celebrate our Wedding Anniversary and my birthday.I find it really hard to put into words our experience at this wonderful and awesome place. My wife has mobility difficulties and on our last visit (4 years ago) we were upgraded to a 2 bedroom Disabled suite on the 20th floor.I contacted the General Manager, Mr Luc Delafosse, about our planned visit and asked if it would be possible to have use of this suite again. Unfortunately it was booked for our entire stay but he most generously and thoughtfully upgraded us to a 3 bedroom 3 bathroom suite which had a &quot;ground&quot; floor bedroom, on the 21st floor. It was a magnificent panoramic suite about 7 times larger than our home!! and furnished and acquitted with the true Burj style and glamour.From the welcome at Dubai airport to our final farewells we experienced a standard of service from every member of the hotels staff, some of whom remembered us from out last visit 4 years ago, that will live in our memories for a very long time. Wonderful meals in all of the restaurants including a dining extravaganza at the seafood restaurant with a complimentary bottle of chamagne to help us celebrate our wedding anniversary. Chocolate cakes and a trio, with guitarist! to sing on my birthday, every day there was something new and yet done just for us.The General Manager asked if he could come to see us in our suite and he came with a lovely gift for my wife and all the charm and courtesy you would expect from such a representative of this iconic hotel. A true gentleman and it was our privalege to meet him. We are not royalty, celebrities, or professional footballers (only in my dreams!), but we could not have been looked after any better if we were, I really cannot wait to return ( God, my bank manager and my wifes health permitting)Just a thought but all those reviews from other, I agree stunning, hotels telling us to go there and forget the Burj... a goodly proportion of them feaure more photographs of the Burj, inside and outside, than the hotels they are staying at !! HmmmmmI write this review as testimony to and with my thanks to all who made our week one to remember and that includes the friendly guys who cleaned our suite right up to Mr Delafosse and all in between.It really cannot get any better.. thanks to allJohn and Kath Lancashire UK	
Dec 1 2006 	You Must Stay Here Once Before You Die	Stayed for 2 nights as part of a package organised by Emirates World Travel Cologne (EWTC) **. Everything you may have seen about this hotel is true - but you really do have to see it to believe it. Highlights: Eating on the beach at the restaurant Majlis Al Bahar (just about as romantic as you can get); Being taken by white limo to a restaurant in nearby Madinat Jumeirah; Swimming in the indoor swimming pool 18 floors up looking over Dubai at night; Cocktail reception with the General Manager. ** Recomend this agency if you are based in Germany and want a package in UAE.	
Nov 28 2006 	Fantastic. Excellent. And probably a once in a lifetime stay	I could run out of superlatives to describe our stay at the Burj. True, we were special guests, but under normal circumstances this would be a very expensive hotel. It's decor is completely over the top as is the service, but it would be worth every penny!	
Nov 20 2006 	We wil return!!!	Absolutely fabulous! We have no complaints whatsoever!Experience of a lifetime.The staff are outstanding! Without any information from ourselves, they arrived at the suite on my partners birthday with a beautiful cake, flowers and a card from the management! Accomodation wonderful, views outstanding, food as you would expect ! We can't wait to return!	
Nov 8 2006	BEAUTIFUL LUXURIOUS AMAZING ARCHITECTURE WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED	This hotel was amazing and so beautiful, it was def worth a 7 star and anyone who said it was less than excellent obviously are used to the 5 star luxury and do not know when they are seeing a good thing!!! Fussing over the butlers not knowing where to put your stuff is a bit silly. Everything was lovely and the architecture was amazing inside and out. Def once in a lifetime opportunity if you can afford it!!	
Oct 24 2006 	Best in the world	Stayed for one night as part of a Dubai trip and got upgraded to a hugh 2 bedroom suite (2 full bathrooms 2 lounge areas full dining room suite and kitchen - over 2000 sq ft) as it was birthday and engagement. Everything is quite out of this world in this hotel perfect service and luxury accomodation. We dined in 2 restaurants and the food was exquisite too. Although the decor is not to my taste for my home, the setting makes it all fit so well it just adds to the glamour and sense of occasion. We even got the Rolls Royce Phantom transfer so it was all very luxurious - just the way a special occasion should be. I got no less than 3 cakes and bunches of roses and when I asked if I could have one bunch wrapped to take away with me to another hotel they presented me with a fresh bunch - that's service! The full size Hermes toiletries are a great touch too. I know some reviewers have said go and try it once but if you're like me you'll want to go back. Don't believe people who say this is brash and full of footballers the suites and views are so beautiful that you could go and never leave the room! Definitely one of the worlds finest hotels.	
Oct 24 2006 	Super the luxe	Voorburg, The Netherlands: We stayed for the second time at the Burj Al Arab, this time in a double bedroom suite. Last time we had a panoramic suite which we really liked for the two of us but as we took our son (one year) with us we decided to take the double bedroom suite. And this is a really big suite, over 480 square meters. If you are going to stay there just with two persons it´s just to big. A tip we can give you is to bring your squash shoes, the Burj Al Arab has an excellent squash court and they can provide you with raquets.With our son we had dinner in the room twice, and if you stay here you should do the same, we didn´t really like the resaurants that much and dinner in the room is excellent also beacause it´s equipt with a full size dining room.If you go you should visit the Wadi park, great fun for an hour or two, if you go from 10 to 11 the park is just for hotel guests and you don´t have to wait anywhere.The Burj Al Arab had build a new swimmingpool at the beach which is really nice and large. We preferred that above the pool at the back of the hotel.Next year we´ll go again but a few days is all we need.	
Oct 16 2006	Out of this world	My wife and I have travelled all over the place, but this hotel has to have been the best we have ever been to. You get picked up at the airport before even going through customs, and are then taken by Rolls Royce to the hotel.The sky bar is out of this world, and has the best range of malts, brandys I have even seen.I won't say anymore, but do this spend the money on the expericen of a life time, you only live once.PS were we booked in for 3 days and stayed 7!!!!	
Sep 23 2006 	Amazing......	My wife and i stayed here for 1 night after a 4 night stay in the one and only royal mirage (arabian court) as part of our honeymoon before we flew onto the maldives. As you pull up to the hotel it stikes you just how big this hotel is, but at 321 metres it is the highest in the world!. As you get out of your car (doorstaff open the door), you are greeted into the reception where you are seated and wait for your floor manager to greet you. Our floor manager took us up to our suite and as they knew we where a honeymoon couple they had upgraded our suite from a panaromic to a club suite - WOW, WOW &amp; WOW!, the suite was on the 19th floor and had amazing views of the world being built on one side and to the front the beachfront of dubai (wadi, wadi, mall of the emirates etc...). We also had a chocolate cake, champagne, flowers as well as the usual snacks and hermes products. Our floor manager then showed us round the suite, the suite had(ground floor), a formal lounge with cocktail bar, another informal lounge with large plasma tv, dinning room, snooker room with full size snooker table, kitchen (why i dont know?), cloakroom, storage room for luggage, upstairs there was another lounge overlooking downstairs, a desk area with free laptop and internet use area, large bedroom, dressing room and a huge bathroom. Yes the hotel is expensive and OTT, but then if you are not after being treated to all of this then stay somewhere cheaper, this is an experience, we stayed in our suite the whole time we where there (its better value to get your butler bring dinner to you). Overall though its the service that you reciev which makes this hotel stand out, go with an open mind and you will be blown away, go with an attitude of everyone should do everything for you and well, you will probably rub people up the wrong way.	
Sep 20 2006 	a bit overrated	spent two nights at this hotel from 15th-17th sep. On arrival at this hotel we were told that our room was not ready even though we had checked beforehand that it would be okay to check in at 1pm instead of the usual 2pm, the staff then ushered us to the lounge for a complimentary tea or coffee while we waited. After a short wait we were then shown to our suite on the 13th floor and can honestly say that it was worth the wait! I dont have to go into how luxurious the suites are as i am sure you have all seen the pictures but can honestly say that they were gorgeous but not entirely sure if the suites are worth the seven star rating. After being shown by our butler how to work the remote control for the curtains, door, etc, we thought we would be asked if we would like our cases unpacked but ended up doing it ourselves. The utler then returned to the door a total of seven times to ask us trivial questions that he could have asked on the telephone and asked four times if we wanted him to make a reservation for dinner even though we had told him that we had already booked. Are these guys on commission? A nice touch and I suppose these are what makes this hotel special was that the butler returned to the door again but this time mentioned that he had noticed from my husbands passport when we checked in that it was his birthday and produced a birthday cake and a bouquet of red roses. We had friends join us for drinks in the skybar and for four beers and three spirits with one bottle of mixer it cost us £60. I knew that the bar was going to be expensive but still thought this a little excessive. Good tip is to go on the golf buggy outside to the madinat and go to the boardwalk pubs, trader vics, left bank etc where the food is half the price as is the alchol and you get a much better relaxed atmosphere. The buffet breakfast at the poolside is excellent and even included fillet steak! The pools themselves let this hotel down as i would have expected something fabulous for the seven star rating, can honestly say the pools at caesars palace las vegas are far superior for a quarter of the price. The freebies in the room are wonderful, including fruit platter every day, welcome bottle of wine, canapes and savoury snacks but best of all are the full size hermes products in the bathroom, which are very luxurious but lets remember how much you are paying to stay here so you would expect nothing less. Overall we had a wondeful stay at this hotel, i think it would be a one off visit for most people. The staff here are friendly, polite and helpful although at times we had to put do not disturb on the door to get some peace. I would reccomend that everyone should try this place just to experience it but im not sure its worth the price tag as its a bit over the top and didnt realise that if you are staying at any of the other jumeria hotels that you can get access to this place after a certain time so felt a bit over run with people just wanting a look at times.	
Sep 15 2006 	Amazing	I stayed @ the Burj for 1 night with partner and all i can say about the hotel is WOW. The best part for me was the beach as it was always quiet and total luxury, what with the complimentry water and face sprays you get amongst other things. Also whilst we were sunbathing we noticed that Wayne Rooney and Coleen were sitting by us. Overall the Burj deserves its 7* rating, although i do agree with the previous comment about the swimming pool being to small. Worth every penny spent to stay there.	
Sep 2 2006	Decadent but styleless	We stayed for 2 nights at the Burj prior to our 8 night stay at the Jumeriah Beach Hotel (second year at the JBH). We had admired the Burj from the JBH last year and just had to have a stay and see inside. The candid photos on this site really show it as it is. What they don't prepare you for is the size of the hotel and in particular the suites. We were staying in a one bed suite and as another reviewer said they really are bigger than most people's houses! The service was excellent and the private check-in is a breath of fresh air - everything about the Burj is personal and calm. You could not get stressed out here. As we had our 9 yr old daughter with us, we chose to go to the private beach club (the Executive Pool of the JBH), as she wanted to go into the kid's club. The beach club is lovely, having only been built in the last 8 months). The pool at the Burj is small, and while you do get spoilt with the Evian sprays, cold face towels etc - it just wasn't for us. That's the only down side about the Burj - their pool area! I would have thought they would have really done something special - you can go a long way with an infinity pool but hey ho!The burj is a place that you should go and stay in just for one night to spoil yourself and say youve been there and then take home all the Hermes goodies!	
Sep 1 2006 	Its not a 'hotel stay' it's an 'experience'...	I am reading and reading the reviews of some travellers on this website and I am more than amazed to see reviews with less than 5 stars. This amazing hotel is ranked 19th in Dubai, with its far less superior sister-hotel - Jumeirah Beach Hotel ranked 2nd!!!Out of curiousity, I read some of the reviews of JBH just to see what JBH offers that BAA doesnt, and funnily the guests of JBH were praising the fact that they had a &quot;great view of the Burj&quot; and they had a great dinner at the Burj, in comparison to the Burj guests who seem to be looking for teeny tiny faults just so that they can say they didnt like something in the Burj. How ironic!!!Anyhow, here is what I saw:1. Decor - The decor of the hotel is purely amazing! Its where 1001 Arabian nights mix of Gold, Color and Oriental mystery meet the 21st Century . This does not go to say that I will ever decorate my house in the same style, but in the context of the Arabic culture, the hotel interior is flabbergastingly tasteful and rich. If one is to label this as &quot;gaudy&quot; and &quot;stupid opulence&quot; , then one is clearly narrow-minded and capable of evaluating beauty only through the prism of one's narrow views.Some traveler complained he did not see any real gold... and where exactly did in room amenities real gold was promised by management???!!!2. Flowers - Superb red and orange roses were present everywhere. Our apartment had beautiful arrangements of red mini-callas, red roses and green cymbid orchids.3. Restaurants - Visited the Acquarium restaurant, it costed between 500AED (appx 136$) and 700AED (appx 200$) pp for a 3 or 5 course menu excluding the alcohol. We did not have dinner there as we liked but not loved the interior and we did not determine the prices to offer a good value. We did try the dinner buffet at Al Iwan (2nd floor restaurant) - 350 AED pp and I must say despite my dislike of buffets and the fact that this is the most expensive buffet we ever ate at, the food was very very good and there were at least 150 dishes to choose from including fillet mignon, rack of lamb, sushi, iranian grill, balinese food, etc. Room service is expensive too - upward of 250AED for a main course. Beer ranges between 50 - 80 AED. Water is 24AED, however you are provided with bottled Evian morning and evening complimentary. 4. Service - a) We were met by Jumeirah representative before passport control and we did not wait on line because of that.b) A Chauffer driven 7 series white BMW was waiting for us out side the terminal - I was given red roses by the chauffer, then we were offerred cold towels to refresh, cold water and a menu of music for the ride to the hotelc) Upon entering the hotel, we were &quot;ganged&quot; by several staff members, one offered us cold towels, the other offered us dried dates (very yummy) and a third one offered us coffee. I am not counting the many that held doors for us or carried luggage for us. d) We were checked in en-suite without having to stand in line anywheree) A bottle of wine, and three special &quot;burj-al arab&quot; boxes of dates, mini-pastries and crackers awaited us in the suite. The table was set with a huge bowl of fruit (apples, bananas, oranges, passion fruit, kiwi, green grapes, black grapes, pears, pineapple, etc) and fruit was replenished daily. f) a selection of over 100 newspapers was offered free of chargeg) a selection of 26 pillows was offered free of chargeh) the butler offerred to set our bath (but not to unpack, which we woulnt have taken advantage of anyways)i) everyone, and i really mean EVERYONE was extremely polite regardless of whether we tipped them or not. We tried to tip as many people there work mainly on gratuitiesj) One hour after we mentioned we were on a honeymoon, the butler arrived with an AMAZING cake, a card from management and a huge bouquette of fresh roses (with water drops - so beautiful)k) Afternoon snack of the most delicious deserts were offerred daily by our butlerl) upon arrival, our suite had two flutes full of fresh orange juice which were served by our butlerm) there were 2 100ml eau de toilette bottles - for ladies, 1 - for men, 1 deodorant - for men, 1 - 75ml perfume - for ladies, 1 - 100ml - aftershave - for men, 1 - full size - body wash - unisex, 1 full size shampoo + conditioner - for ladies, 1 shampoo &amp; bodywash - for men, 2 large soap bars - for men, 2 smaller soap bars - for women, 1 set of bath salts - unisex, I might have missed something - but all of the above is from Hermes. Additionally, there are tooth brushes (normal full size colgate, i think) + toothpaste, shaving kit (real 3 blade Gilette with 2 extra &quot;heads&quot;), sewing kit + bath salts for the Jacuzzi. n) the day before we departed, the butler came in with a rose in his hand and a survey, he asked us for feedback.o) the night before we departed, we came back to see another set of 5 mini-perfumes (one for me and one for my husband) placed on our bed. The brand was Amouage, I have not heard of it, but it turns out one of these perfumes goes for 110 Euro per 75ml.p) To sum up - every time we needed something, it was delivered within 5 minutes and service was IMPECCABLE!!!5. Amenities:a) 1 42 inch plasma tv &amp; 1 32 inch plasma tvb) A selection of about 200 on-demand movies free of chargec) Additional selection of DVDs available upon requestd) The suite has a bell and every time someone rings on the door, the TV starts and camera shows who is ringing. Additionally all phones in the suite start rining as well. If privacy is sought, Do not disturb button solves this problem, and noone, not even staff can enter or ring on your door.e) Furniture is extremely comfortable - too bad I didnt have time to sleep on every couchf) the business section of the suite, has own laptop, a fax machine (with own fax number!!!) and free internet. If you bring your own laptop, a local IT staff can set it up so that it works wireless. I also forgot to mention the fact that you get free entrance + towel to the nearby Wild Wadi water park, where you are taken by a hotel buggy (bigger golf cart). You never have to wait for the buggy, always one available, you can also enter 1 hour ahead of the general public (1 hour before the park oficially opens) so that you can ride without waiting on lines. I forgot to mention the pool area, behind the beach that is very nice, we did not use as we did not have time. The spa pool and jacuzzi are amazing too. I tried to give everything that the Burj offers and I am not sure I am even half the list. I challenge here anyone who knows another 5 star hotel giving such large suites for less than 1,000 a night and the above list of &quot;bells and whistles&quot;. Go experience the Burj - leave worries that you &quot;won't belong&quot; and have an open mind about the culture that you will see and you will have memories for a lifetime.	
Aug 27 2006 	Yo Yo Yo it ain't worth it!	My friends and I bought into the hype and stayed there. How could you not when a hotel promises so much. I was quite disappointed with my stay.1) The Burj definition of service is having a gigantic number of questionably qualified staff on site at all times. The 'butlers' do a good job of showing you the room and its features, but if you need them to do something for you it's a hassle. They asked us if we wanted them to unpack our bags - we said yes, and they did it reluctantly. We also had to micro-manage the whole process (they asked us where everything was supposed to go). When you call the front desk to ask a simple question it is not unusual to get bounced around to two or three different people until you get an answer. And when you need something brought to your room it takes forever.We asked for information on a riverboat dinner - they told us they had a brochure. After thirtly minutes, and a follow-up phone call to remind them we needed the brochure, a delivery boy brought up the same list of the Jumeirah resort restaurants that we already had in the room.Each floor has a private reception desk - if you need something from them they usually tell you to go downstairs to main reception. I'm not sure why they are even there or what purpose they serve.2) The hotel is technologically advanced circa 1998. There is a master remote control that controls the TV, music, drapes, etc. The screen was broken and it was hard to use. Everything is showing its age.3) Did not eat at any of the restaurants in the Burj but I'm sure they are not worth it. They wanted appx. $30 for a personal pizza at the beachfront restaurant. The same food was half price at the Al Qasr or the Beach Club. The Jumeirah restaurants we ate at outside of the Burj were all pretty good, however.4) The room was huge. We stayed in a standard room and it was a two-story duplex. It was well appointed and comfortable but the furniture and color selection were gaudy and cheesy. Stupid &quot;Trump&quot; style opulence. I've heard rumors in the past that there is &quot;solid gold this-and-that&quot; and &quot;the hotel will never make money because it cost so much to build&quot; etc. I didn't see any non market standard finishes at the property. And the gold columns and pillars were hollow and appeared to be made out of plastic. The hotel looked really good, though.5) Each day the butlers will bring an afternoon snack to your room. The first day they brought us a huge plate of AWESOME chocolates. The second day they brought us tea sandwiches. Also, there is a free bottle of wine in the room (it was OK), as well as crackers and dates. Very nice touches.6) The fitness center is great. The equipment is top-of-the-line and the staff is very friendly. Also, the spa is really nice, and the pool and Jacuzzi rooms are quite stunning and offer an excellent view of Dubai.7) Passes to Wild Wadi are free, which is great because there's not alot to do in Dubai. We had a good time there. Other nice touches include free valet parking (you never have to wait very long) and free internet (in today's world of constant up-charging).I agree with others who have posted - it is impossible for the Burj to live up to what it promises. All-in-all the service is quite good and the rooms are comfortable, but not worth the money. If your company is paying stay there in a heartbeat but if you are paying yourself stay at the Al Qasr if you want to stay at a resort, or stay at the Emirates towers if you are looking for more of a business hotel.	
Aug 15 2006 	Ace Service	Well, we had to go, just to see what this 7 star hype was all about.The hotel itself does have, without exception, the best service we have ever experienced, perhaps a little too attentive. As soon as one of the 3 or 4 porters opens the front door, you have 20 people waiting to collect you luggage, show you to the restaurant, whatever you want. When we left, a lovely 7 Series BMW took us to the neighbouring resort, and we only went for afternoon tea!The hotel is ostentatious beyond belief. Solid gold columns and aquaariums lining the escalators. Completely over the top. The lift up to the Skyview Bar was long but the glass lift ensured a good view of the Jumeirah Palm. On arrival we were seated, not too close to the windows unfortunately, and provided with a menu of 40 teas. A good start. Each choice accompanied by a fresh, silver tea strainer.The food arrived, and we were horrified. €45 for 6 tiny sanwiches, 4 miniscule rolls (1 inch across), 4 slices of malt loaf and some very nice cakes. We would have plenty of room left for dinner. As it happened, the sandwiches and rolls were never ending. So much so that we could only manage to polish off 3 of the 4 cakes.Then came the scones with choice of passion fruit or strawberry jab (the passion fruit is far too sweet) and fresh or strawberry cream, which was perfect. We could have had more but we were stuffed.The tea I would most recommend is the Lotus Flower. The most repulsive was Lapsang Suchong, imagine putting a big log of well smoked oak in your mouth, and you would be nowhere near. I had heard the name and thought I'd try it, but wish I hadn't.All in all, a pleasant experience.Now the real reason for our visit. The gold leaf cappuccino. To my horror, the barman said they were not allowed to make it any more for health and safety reasons, but eventually he let me have one, for free! It is not something I would recommend to be honest. The gold was not an aphrodisiac and just tasted like grit in my mouth, but at least I did it.The cocktails however were great, but very expensive, but we enjoyed our drinks with the best view in Dubai and made some friends too. The complimentary nuts were very welcome too.All in all, and absolute must do for all Dubai visitors, and they allowed us to take photos/video aswell.	
Jul 20 2006 	blown away at the burj	we have just come home from a 6 night stay at jumeirah beach hotel and 1 night in the burj which was for my husbands 50th birthday and i must say that this hotel is fantastic. We had done our homework and looked on the net etc and all the rooms but nothing could prepare us for the feeling we got when they opened the door to our room we were totally &quot;blown away&quot; we were so overwhelmed that i couldnt speak for a few mins as i would have cried and it wasnt even my birthday!. this hotel is the best in the world, the treatment that we had was fantastic as it is in the jumeirah beach hotel, but we were a little concerned with the negative reviews on this site , i can only think that the people that were treated badly were very unlucky and the people who thought that the burj was over the top and tacky should have realised that this is an overthe top hotel and should have stayed in another, this is what you stay here for and we enjoyed every moment of the over the top and being treated like a celeb, we couldnt praise this hotel enough and we have no negatives at all.I wont go into all the little suprises in the hotel but you have probably read about them anyway, but i must say that we thought this would be a one of experience for a treat and we were so impressed that we are talking about staying here again, one night was just not enough 3-5 would have been great. Every one was so polite and freindly and Newton our butler was fantastic, he showed us around the hotel and into other suites and nothing was to much trouble he was lovely and took pride in his work and loved his job, this is how we find every one in dubai they seem to love what they do and take pride in helping people and being polite and freindly. We have stayed in Jumeirah beach hotel now 3 times and this is fantastic and each time we go to dubai our holidays have only go t better and this time we had the icing on the cake with the burj, it is a must do, i would rather open the door to our suite in the burj than have a prezzy and this felft like all your bithdays and christmas's at once. We didnt eat in the burj only because we didnt see the point in spending out that kind of money on a meal when we could get the same service and qaulity in the Jumeirah beach or the mina salam for half the price, but we did have breakfast which was included and ate this by the pool outside in the warm breeze, every thing abouth this hotel was just perfect and we would advise everyone to to this at least one in their lifetime. We had been in the burj previous to our stay for a drink but there is nothing like actually staying in here because we were made to feel that we actually belonged here and were not just visiting. the best holiday ever thanks to the burj, start saving now!	
Jul 16 2006	Demetial Burj	My dream, the Burj-al-arab! You know, this hotel witch seem a sail!Ok?More of 200 suites! 175m2, the smaller, with bedroom and bath at the first floor! Great living room, with desk included fax, computer with internet...two largest plasma screen.....Wine, salmon toasts, chocolate box, great Hermes parfume for woman and man, all these things fo welcome gifts! Wonderfull, isn't it?Everybody free for you, to give your stay the more easy as is possible!We have eaten at the restaurant &quot;under the sea&quot;. Down with a &quot;submarine&quot;, we have many big fishes around us in an enormous aquarius! Yes, it's expensive, but the experience is fantastic!!If you have time, if you have money, go to the Burj one time in your life, like us you don't never forget your stay!French, I'm tryng to write in English! Sorry!	
Jul 15 2006	Must do experience!	Beeing may times in Dubai I always wanted to stay at the Burj Al Arab for a night. I was there with my gf a couple of times for a dinner (great way to gain full entry to the hotel) and we finally realised our wish and stayed there for a night.In our case it was fair best option to book the hotel directly over Internet and the hotel web site since we got it for half price (cca. 600$).Everything was quite exceptionel and not beeing used to be serviced by a private buttler quite strange at first hehe :)Well it really pays of to stay at the hotel for one night since you get free entry to Wild Wadi, free bottle of Wine, sweets...And on tops of that you get full size perfumes, soaps....of Hermes Paris. Trust me that will make your wife/gf very happy! Not to mention the lovely Burj Al Arab shopping bag! So at the end when you draw the line your night will maybe only cost you some 200$-300$ everything else you'll get back by freebies.Staying there for more than one night though would be quite expensive and well you don't stay in room on your vacation right	
Jun 27 2006	It is amazing!	My wife and I enjoyed 3 nights at the Burj to celebrate a birthday mid June 2006. From arriving at the gates, to be told, 'welcome home' to entering the lobby to be ushered to our suite, you really experience the wow factor. This hotel really is a sight and although we had read a few articles, we really didn't know what to expect and simply went with the flow.Our suite was located on the 11th floor (really the 22nd as each suite has 2 floors) and were immediately greated by the floor reception and butler. We were shown to our suite and then listened to our butler explain the gadgets and the facilities. We were told that everything from slippers, beach shoes, bags, toileteries were ours to take home. Which we did! We had a basic suite - believe me, these are bigger than many houses!A snack of fizzy grape juice and cakes were brought into our room with the hotels' compliments. Different snacks were offered daily. This is in addition to the large fruit bowl and bottle of wine already in the suite. You register at your desk in your suite next to your complimentary laptop with wireless broadband.The butler handled the unpacking and packing. After enjoying the view both internal and external, we arranged some dinner reservations (rather our butler did) and then decided to explore and visit the under water fish restaurant. When we went downstairs to the fish restaurant (we didnt eat there as I didn't bring a jacket and tie - although the restaurant would have supplied one) the receptionist woudn't allow us admission as viewings had closed as they prepared for dinner. Our butler was furious and immediately phoned the general manager. Two minutes letter we received a verbal apology from the red faced receptionist and were shown downstairs (which is amazing by the way).When we got back to our room, we were informed that the head of catering wanted to see us to personally apologise for the earlier issues (it really wasnt an issue). This we clearly accepted and the following day a huge flower arrangement was delivered to our room. That first night we ate at their Lebonese restaurant which was great although expensive (c£80 a head). That followed a champagne cocktail party we were invited to earlier by the general manager.Forget a small chocolate on your pillow here (also don't forget to choose from the menu of 26 pillows). The bedside gfts are amazing!The following day we sat by the pool (along with a handful of British Premiership footballers) and visited some local sites (there is a Souk next to the hotel with around 70 stores and dozens of restaurants) and there is free transportation to it by golf cart and boat). At the pool, you choose your sun lounger. The pool attendant puts down your towels, delivers water, cold flannels and evian sprays.Breakfast buffets were amazing (although not sure about the camel milk on my corn flakes) and the lunches served at the pool side snack bar were equally as good.Whilst at the Burj we visited their private beach along with Wild Wade the complimentary water slide park linked to the hotel.After 3 days and having spent too much money in Dubai, it was time to take the hotel's Rolls Royce back the airport. What a hard life!We had an amazing time and desperately want to go back with our kids. The problem is having stayed at the Burj, we really don't want to stay anywhere else in Dubai!	
Jun 15 2006	New money playing host to new money	We had aspired to stay in the burj al arab after two fantastic trips to dubai, staying in the Palace at the Royal MirageWe went for evening cocktails on the last night of our second break at the Palace and took note of the smart casual dress code - no jeansGiven the fantastic service at the Palace and the price jump to all of the Jumeriah group hotels we were expecting to experience something even better.We arrived at the Burj, nobody met our car or welcomed us even though a group of doormen were standing laughing and joking with each other. We walked in, had to find our own way to the elevators with no clear signage to the cocktail bar and no one in sight to assist.In the sky view bar we were unable to sit anywhere with a &quot;view&quot; let alone a Sky View and the seating next to the windows prevented us from even a standing view.A large group of footballers were completely ignoring the supposed dress code lounging around in jeans and trainers, a guy behind us was ringing people in england bragging it was his 40th birthday and yes guess what, he was in the buuurrrjjj!The decor throughout was psychadelic and whilst the outside is iconic, the inside is lavish to the point of being tackyWe were served a selection of canapes as part of our package which were totally prepackaged and could have been straight out of Tesco's, nothing 7 star thereOn leaving we were confronted with a horde of hooray's leaving the ball room, one drunk girl turning to us and saying oooh yooo tooo - is she yooouuur looveer or yer wife? It said it all we found the place to be full of footballers, chavs, trust fund kids, toffs etc.Yes, it is an iconic building which has been lavishly constructed and has to be admired, but for us it was without taste inside and is left catering for the &quot;nouveau riche&quot;, who are daft enough to go there. New money playing host to new money	
Jun 13 2006 	An Experience of a Lifetime - Well done to all at The Burj Al Arab!!	I always look on your site when booking a holiday, so when I returned from my trip to Dubai staying at the Burj al Arab I was intrigued to see what others thought of it.I think we were staying at a different hotel to the two people who wrote comments before us - we were out there at the same time from the 3rd to 9th June and had an absolutely wonderful stay.We couldn't fault a thing - we were greeted at the airport and fast tracked through immigration - we were taken to a waiting white rolls-royce with chaufer in livery of the hotel who greeted us with cold flanels, water and a menu of music we would like to listen to on our journey.At the hotel we were greeted by at least six members of staff who had been waiting outside for our arrival - the week just got better and better.Our butlers were first class - then so were the service staff who serviced your room each time you left coming back to fresh bathrobes and towels. We never once felt we were not good enough to be there, we felt special and were treated like royalty.I could write pages and pages about how fantastic this hotel was - we are well travelled and this is undoubtedly &quot;the best hotel in the world&quot; and deserves it's title. We personally cannot wait to go back - Well done to all at the Burj Al Arab!!!	
Jun 7 2006	treated like dirt	I have stayed at the Burj al arab twice now on on both occassions found the service to be shocking. We ate in both the restruants and found them to be nothing special in fact we sent a meal back due to it being dry and over salted. We took friends to the underwater restruant and the service was at best three star with the waiters looking down their noses and demonstrating a distinct lack of table etiquette. Our baby was made to feel unwelcome and despite being advised that there was a no jeans policy several famous footballers turned up and were allowed in with jeans. Expect to pay around £1000 for lunch for 4 peole with charges of £75.00 for a child's portion of spag bog!Have satyed in many hotels in Dubai and the best I still think is the Mina Salam or the Al Qsar and you'll pay half the price and they treat yopu like Royalty.The Burj is an experience but don't unless your a serious tipper expect to be treated with distain by waiters who earn less a year than it costs to stay in the hotel a night!	
Jun 3 2006	Fab.	Our second stay at the Burj - and it was just as fabulous as the last time we stayed a few years ago. We especially liked getting tea/coffee whenever we liked from the butler (for free), the Hermes full-sized bottles in the bathrooms, the Evian sprays by the pool..etc	
Jun 3 2006	fantastic...but.....	we had 4 nights at the jumeirah beach hotel and 2 nights at the burj al arab. this hotel is THE dubai landmark and if your staying in this area is ever present. it's definitely a fitting entry in to the 100 things to do before you die list. the hotel lives up to the opulent and outrageousness of the reviews here. but...our stay was not without incident. we were given a transfer from the jumeirah beach in a posh car the car dropped us off at the burjno one met usno one ushered us into the hotel.we walked through the door and to the desk and were invited to sit and wait...30 minutes lapsed before we were attended to. the car had left with our luggage still in it and it took 3 1/2 hours to get it back (the jumeirah beach and the burj al arab are part of the same hotel chain the driver was a hotel group employee not a taxi driver i gave the model of car and the drivers name to at least 4 members of burj staff but it still took 3 1/2 hours and when the luggage did arrive they tried to blame the jumeirah beach hotel but it was entirely the fault of the burj staff) that sort of knocked the edge off the 'wow' factor of the suite which was amazing.however..again... the much anticipated 21st century electronics which work the curtains and tv and stuff crashed 3 times during our 2 day stay. at checkout the butler was very keen to search the minibar to see what we had consumed before we left. these small annoyances detracted from what is a truly breath taking hotel whose facilities are very 7 star.staff were distinctly 4 star and they should be replaced with the staff from the lowly 5 star jumeirah beach hotel oppisite who are much friendlier and efficient.	
May 26 2006	outstanding(the best hotel in the world)	What a fantastic hotel, stayed there for 2 nights in February with my girlfriend and my parents.. stayed in a 3 bedroom suite on the 21st floor, &quot;it was incredible!!&quot;Highly recommend the sky view restaraunt, &quot;Steak there was the best myself and girlfreind have ever had!!&quot; Also recommend a day out in the water park. You get free entry to the park and VIP treatment, i am in a wheelchair and there was no bother for the lifeguards to lift me in and out the water so I go on the rides!! (the hotel is totally accessable)..I can't believe some of the reports, i have read. &quot;Ok the place is expensive, but if your going to the best hotel in the world, you got to expect it!!!&quot;&quot;The best hotel I've ever stayed in!!!&quot; Would definatley return...	
May 20 2006	Arab Perfection	Having used tripadvisor now for about a yr, it is my pleasure to write my first review. We stayed at the Burj this past Feb &amp; I must admit everything you've read is true! The rooms are reminiscent of high-end Vegas suites (only these are the standard rooms). You're butler will start you're jacuzzi while you're on your way back to the hotel &amp; even let you in on the celebrities who happen to be staying in the hotel during your stay.Having stayed at the Oriental Bangkok, the Peninsula in Hong Kong, The Fairmont in Whistler, The Dorchester in London, &amp; the Hotel de Paris in Monte Carlo, I must say this hotel takes the cake. Every bit as good as advertised.	
May 1 2006	Burj Al Arab Perfect Holiday	We stayed for four nights at the Burj Al Arab in October. The climate was perfect at this time of year. We arranged for the chauffeur driven Rolls to pick us up from our airport hotel. Its is handy booking an airport hotel for your first night as our flight did not get in to Dubai until midnight. The car picked us up at noon and the chaufffeur was very helpful pointing out sights etc on our journey. As you sweep up the private jetty to the Burj the sheer scale of this structure is overwhelming. The friendly staff greeted us with cool drinks and a beautiful posy of flowers. You are guided to your suite where your butler, a cool cocktail and canapes awaits and you are given a tour of your duplex suite and instruction on how everything from your laptop to your remote control curtains work! You are then free to expolre this fabulous hotel, we sipped cocktails at the top floor cocktail lounge and visited the Asawan spa, a mixed pool spa and a female only pool spa that offers fabulous spa/massage treatments at not over the top prices. I had the eye rejuvination treartment one day and body toning treatment the next day and felt fantastic. The pools in both spas are infinity style and have great views over the gulf. We dined at the Al Mahara restaurant on our first night. A submarine simulator transports you down and you enter a magical world of seafood dining. After diner the matre d' gave us a guided tour of the aquarium and private dining rooms. We ordered breakfast in our room the following morning and the waiter set up our dinging table with fresh flowers and a feast! The outdoor pool is a great place to relax with it's swim up bar and cool gulf sea breeze. There are loads of tourist attractions close at hand and the concierge is always on hand to help. We wsnt on the open top bus your round dubai, this stopas at all main attractions and a must see is the al karama market for ”designer” buys! We also went on the sunset sand dune safari - dont miss it! It is also worth taking a taxi to the bustimg al satwar distric for an abundance of restaurants.Taxis are very cheap and plentiful. Don't be put off by the fact you have a butler on hand they are very helpful and only around when you want them to be. My only complaint with the Burj - there should definately be a guest only elevator as several times I had to let packed elevators go by that were full of sightseers!. You cannot buy alcohol in shops or supermarkets in dubai but there is a large reasonable duty free shop at the airport. There are also no bars so most people go to hotel bars for a cocktail. We would definately go back as there is loads to do in this facinating friendly city.	
Apr 29 2006	Nice..but...	Got the chance to visit Dubai. I never thought I'd actually go there..considering its too far away from Australia. Did not stay in the hotel, but we ate there. Wow..what can I say..an amazing place, but like others have said on these forums..the whole concept is very vulgar. They have actually employed people to clean the guests' sunglasses..and wipe the gold hand rails every damn hour. There are millions of people starving just a few hundred miles away (Africa is not that far from Dubai)...yet in this place they spend billions on just making themselves look good. I found the whole place to be disgusting. Nothing wrong with the hotel...but the whole concept is just wrong...pathetic if you ask me. I will never go back to Dubai..thats for sure.	
Apr 21 2006	Annoyed	I stayed here at christmas, standard rooms are the equivelant of standard suites at other hotels but it is probably the most disgustingly decorated hotel in the world. Colors are nightmarish and there is way too much gold. The hotel's self-characterization as a &quot;7-star&quot; property is considered by travel professionals and me to be a complete exageration, and an attempt to out-do a number of other hotels which claim &quot;6-star&quot; status. All major travel guides and hotel rating systems have a 5-star maximum so this is just a cheap dirty trick. I definetly don't feel I got my $3000 worth.	
Apr 19 2006	Superb	Amazing architectural extravaganza. Superb service - butler / nannying service etc. We had 2 floor suite with children. They have never stopped talking about it. Over the top luxury and gold everywhere but suspend your taste and enjoy! Spas are sensational and next door to Wild Wadi water park-fab for kids and adults. Very expensive but worth it.	
Apr 9 2006	part 1 of honeymoon.........	Words cannot describe this hotel!!If you want to feel like royalty for a few days or weeks then this is your place!The rooms have 2 floors and sweeping staircases jacuzzi bath etcThey have so many little extras aswell nibbles biscuits etc in the lounge area.laptop fax machine in office area.2 mini bars, 2 tvs, music in bathroom, fruitbowl, fresh flowers everywhere, flip flops, beach bag, full size hermes toiletries, wine, plus gifts left on your bed every day!Butler service for each room!! The decor of the whole place is modern grand elegance!The building itself is stunning! You will only want to come back year after year!!	
Mar 25 2006	Beautiful Burj	My husband and I stayed here for 3 days, 2 nights before going on to the Al Maha and The Ritz Carlton, and I can honestly say it was the most wonderful hotel experience, ever!We arrived after an overnight flight with Etihad into Abu Dhabi, and after our transfer were still there at least 4 hours before check-in. We needn't have worried. After being greeted by a drink and warm towels we were told our suite was ready, on the 21st floor (actually 42nd in real terms), and were readily whisked upstairs to be checked in at our very own desk. Each floor has its own check in area and concierge, and they were wonderful. Our suite was amazing - floor to ceiling glass with breathtaking views of the sea and the Jumeriah Beach. Once we had got over the inital disbelief at the decor, and were taken upstairs to our bedroom, bathroom and dressing room, we realised that they are not really Ott they are beautiful.The Burj have thought of everything - our complimentary toiletries were 100ml bottles of Hermes products, ranging from Eau de Toilette for me Rocabar Aftershave for hubbie, to shower-gel, body lotion, deodorant, shampoo, conditoner, which our butler pointed out were all ours to keep. I know this is built into the price of the room - but they didnt have to provide such bit bottles! We also received complimentary flip-flops and beach bags.The mini-bar prices are ridiculous, but tea, coffee, juices etc were complimentary when ordered on room service. The pool area is small in comparison with the size of the hotel, but they have just opened a beautiful pool, exclusiveley for Burj guests adjacent to the Jumeriah Beach Hotel.We decided to eat in the Madinat Jumeriah, the large new hotel complex, which you can get to by ordering a buggy to take you there. We found some lovely restaurants - varying in price, but had all our evening meals there. The cheapest meal in either of the 2 main eateries at the Burj are approx £135.00 pp. There are some things I will pay money for, and others that I wont - and food is one of them. We spent a time on the private beach, and again were looked after is if we were old friends. Nothing is too much trouble, and to be honest, if I could have stayed there for the rest of the holiday I would have. Im a travel agent in the UK, and have often sent customers to this hotel, and wondered wether I would actually enjoy the experience, and I can honestly say we did. It was our 20th wedding anniversary, so we had saved hard for this special holiday, but I would save hard again to go there. Yes drinks are dear, and so is the food, but compared to The Ritz carlton where we spent the last 3 days there wasnt a massive amount of difference. I actually found the ritz to be stuffier and a wee bit unfriendly compared to The Burj. We were relaxed, nobody dresses up to the nines, and I wish we were still there. Dont expect understated decor, dont expect it to be cheap, but just expect to be looked after in this hotel,like you have never been looked after before. We loved it!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 16 2006	Luscious luxury	We stayed here for a week for my 40th Birthday before going on to the Ritz Villas in Bahrain.I won't waffle on about all the obvious but will just say there is nothing I could fault about the place. The biggest surprise came on my actual birthday. The hotel made a note of my date of birth from my passport when we checked in (unbeknown to us). Then on the said morning a Stunning rose bouquet, huge chocalate cake, champagne and card arrived at our room, all complimets of the Burj. Now that's service!!!!	
Mar 7 2006	My 3rd time at the burj	Been at the Burj in 2000 and 2003 and even now, 2006, it's still unbeaten in its class. Had to go for 2 two-bedroom suite with 335m2, because it was fully booked.Architecture is still incredibly charming, all the colours are well arranged with lots of Gold. The lobby is stunning, staff faboulus trained &amp; motivated to make the guest feel home.Only drawback is the small spa, have seen better ones. Beach access is rather a long walk, but now beautifully designed (wasn't 3 years ago). Also an drawback: all 3 restaurants in the hotel have dress-code, so you have to go to Jumeirah or Madinat for dinner if you dont want to dress up.	
Feb 18 2006 	Interesting Details	This hotel is pretty good. Nice design, clean rooms, obviously pricey.The rumour I hear is L.N Mittal maybe buying a stake in this hotel. If true it will be interesting how Dubai may feel?check it out, if Mittal thinks its a good investment, than u cant be too wrong\	
Feb 12 2006	Beautiful hotel!!	My wife took me on a surprise visit to Dubai for my 50th birthday. We stayed at the Oasis Beach for five nights, which was great with a night in between at the Burj Al Arab. I've always admired this fantastic building when it's on the discovery channel on tv, so what a brilliant surprise to actually go and stay in it for a night. The hotel staff, which includes your own butler, couldn't do enough for us and were very friendly and respectful. At the pool we were treated like royalty, where they prepared the towels on the comfortable wooden sun beds, they gave you cool cloths to freshen up and also provided bottled water with glasses of ice and evian cool spray. In the suite the butler prepared the jacuzzi with scented oils to the desired temperature and appropriate background music.The architecture is just out of this world. The suite we were in was on the 16/17 floor as it's in two levels. The lounge and toilet downstairs and the bedroom and bathroom upstairs. It was sheer luxury with fantastic views -incredible!! The complimentary items included hermes perfume &amp; aftershave, which was a nice touch. The food was great, I even had fillet of beef cutlet at breakfast!Obviously the price of food and drinks were expensive (e.g. approx. £20 for a budweiser and white wine). We had dinner in the Al Muntaha Restaurant on the 27th floor, which was pricey but great. It was worth it all to have seen and stayed in this fantastic place for a night. What a great unexpected experience!!!	
Feb 3 2006	OTT	I can't claim to have stayed there, but my wife and I had a special &quot;Xmas afternoon tea&quot; there on Xmas day on a short stopover on our way to Oz.As everyone else says, the place is jaw-droppingly spectacular, inside and out. It may not be to everyone's taste, but they haven't spared the cash on decor.Staff very attentive and the &quot;tea&quot; was top notch. Started with a glass of bubbly.Choice of teas/coffee perfect sandwiches, scones, cakes and fancies. Even a choir singing in the backround. Being Christmas Day, Santa came round and gave kids a little something. All perfectly pleasant but at a price. Got home to find on my credit card bill...tea for 2...£90 !!!	
Jan 20 2006	Once in a lifetime?	Just returned from the Burj Al Arab as a suprise trip for my husband's 40th birthday. It took me 2 years to save up but was worth every penny!On arrival at Dubai airport we were whisked through passport control like VIPs to our waiting white Rolls Royce. The Chauffeur (in his Officer and a Gentleman uniform) wished my hubby Happy Birthday and presented me with orchids. The car was gorgeous and we even had a cd menu!At the hotel all the staff greeted us and again wished my hubby happy birthday - but that was nothing compared to what was waiting in our suite! Not just wine, birthday cake (delicious)and flowers but a line of butlers singing Happy Birthday! WOW!The service and surprises continued throughout the holiday.The underwater restaurant is expensive but worth the experience. Breakfast at Bab Al Yam is lovely. The views from the Sky View bar are breathtaking. (take the panoramic lift).We both had a full body massage at the spa where the staff were most attentive - even finding my hubby in the sauna to let him know my treatment had finished and I was now in the pool!I'm not really interested in architecture, but when lying on the beach you can't help but keep looking at the hotel - its beautiful!When we ventured out the best nights were at Jambase at Madinat Jumeirah - fantastic food and jazz band, and La Parrilla (Argentinian restaurant with tango band and dancers).I won't give anything else away about the hotel - you need to experience it yourself. This was supposed to be a 'Once in a lifetime' holiday - not anymore - we'll definitely return!Start saving up now - you won't regret it!	
Jan 15 2006 	Careful	I rated this hotel as excellent as everyone does. But it comes with a warning. If you have excess amounts of cash that you don't mind frittering away, then by all means stay here. But don't do it because it is something you only do &quot;once in a life time&quot;. I mean, eating chilled monkey's brains is a once in a life time experience too but there is no real logic to doing it. They overcharge here for everything. The rooms are out of this world. You can see photo after photo and never quite capture the feeling of actually standing in one. However the remainder of the hotel has a casino feel to it but would not compete in Vegas.There are no real amenities however. It is quite claustrophobic actually. And you pay for every little thing. Warning: Don't even open the mini bar.Eating here is also an exercise in fiscal mismanagement. The price is not justified by the quality of food nor the service. Maybe these people are used to serving royalty / celebrity and have no respect for anyone else.So why the excellent rating? The rooms. They are another world. I have never seen anything like it. And the butler service is above par, even for what you are paying. It is also an excellent way to impress others who may visit you, so it's good if you are there on business and need to impress. There are better hotels overall in Dubai, but none have rooms like this. If you want luxury but you want to be more sensible with your money, try the Royal Mirage or Madinat jumeirah.	
Jan 7 2006	Al Mahara for dinner	I was staying in the Jemeirah beach hotel in october for a week and decided to go into the burj for lunch with two other family members. We were greated by submarine lift/simulator and the experience was grate and the submarine was a laugh. This may sound silly but you have to go to the toilet, one of the cleanest. When i went to open the door a man did such thing for me and then when i came out of the cubicle he truned on the tap and then gave me a towel to dry my hands then turned the tap off and opend the door for me to exit. This may seem over the top but paying £600 for lunch for 6 people, what do you expect, with out alcahol cause it was ramadan. Just to be inside the hotel is something special.I also was in the bar at the top for drinks at night beeing 14 i was not suposed to get in but did. my step dad orderd blue label, £40 for a double. £60 for 4 drinks.	
Jan 3 2006	Fantastic experience	We stayed for 2 nights for our 25th Wedding anniversary, in December, after spending a fantastic 5 nights at the Al Quasr next door.The Suite at the Burj was outstanding, very opulent and really over the top, exactly what we had expected, and had been looking forward to. Full size Hermes products, including perfume and aftershave in a very beautiful bathroom.Staff were fantastic, from the chauffeur of the white rolls who presented us with orchids, cold towels and a very warm welcome, to the Butler who was very helpful yet discreet. (Although he never offered to unpack) We were given wine, flowers, chocolates, cake, card, more handmade sweets, throughout our stay, we had a beautifully made up bed with single red roses and more chocolates, each night, we couldnt have been more pampered - it really made the occasion special.Ate both nights in the hotel, the restaurant at the top was very 70's nice atmosphere, average food, cost around £200 but worth it. The Seafood Restaurant the next night was amazing, (even the submarine ride!) absolutely fantastic restaurant, a superb gastronomic feast, very befitting for our 25th Anniversary, more expensive than the previous night but well worth it.We have to go back because I didnt have time to visit the spa, which has been highly recommended.For a special treat its more than worth a visit.	
Jan 2 2006	Dinner at Al Mahara- over-hyped over-priced with mediocre food	So, the Burj is worth seeing and we were told you couldn't get in without a reservation. We only had a 13h layover in Dubai so couldn't stay overnight, but we made dinner reservations at Al Mahara. Seeing the Burj was well worthwhile. The design is far out with a Vegas-y sort of flair. But Al Mahara was disappointing. I've pain $500 for meals before, but for that price expect very high quality cuisine. This food was mediocre. Service was good and the aquarium is fun to watch while you eat. The &quot;submarine&quot; to get to the hotel is lame and we took the elevator after dinner.All in all, I'd recommend making a reservation at their least expensive restaraunt just to see the Burj or maybe just stay overnight. Don't go to Al Mahara though. It's like dropping money in that big fish tank.	
Dec 21 2005	OTT but great!	We had 2 nights here before going off into the desert and what an amazing whistle stop tour!We were ushered through customs like VIP's and greeted by our chauffeur who took us to the Burj Al Arab in style, white rolls royce, orchids, scented towels and icy cold water and that was just in the car! After passing security at the beginning of the causeway we were then greeted by several members of staff. Fortunately our room was ready and were totally in awe of the reception area/lobby. It is totally over the top but it's one of those places that you'll either love or hate. Golds/reds/fountains etc etc.Our suite was on 16th floor and had an amazing view of the city and the new &quot;world development&quot;. The suite itself is on 2 floors and is huge! From the 42 inch gold cased plasma tv screen, massive bathroom complete with separate shower and jacuzzi bath to the bedroom with sofa and mirrored ceiling, oh and the sweeping staircase, it really is a once in a lifetime experience. Our butler Vincent was great, he wasn't intrusive and gave us a great tour of the hotel itself. We went to see the ballroom which was something else (gold everywhere!) and took the submarine ride (?!) to the seafood restaurant.We had dinner in the Al Muntaha restaurant at the top of the hotel, we thought that it was ok but not as good as it's cracked up to be. During the day there is a great view but in the evening it is lit up like a 70's disco dance floor?! The service was ok but £20 for a glass of red was rather extortionate?! Breakfast was buffet style and they had everything from cereal to foie gras.The spa on 18th floor is worth a visit, an infinity pool overlooks the floor to ceiling windows and the view is fantastic, you can use the jacuzzi and steam rooms at no extra cost.You also get free access to the water park and can use the facilities of the 2 hotels next door - Mina A Salam and Al Qasar. We also ate at the Chinese Restaurant at the Mina A Salam which was very good.All in all a great stay, totally over the top, but a once in a lifetime experience!	
Dec 14 2005	Wow!	Arriving at the Burj is rather impressive as you drive up the road to the island. We were greeted at the reception and shown round the hotel lobby we felt relaxed and informed about the hotel and were then shown to our Suite. The next person to greet you is the butler who ran though all the gadgets and there are a few! We were rather impressed to say the least. I thought the rooms were amazing yes a bit garish but that is what the Burj is all about. The best thing about it i think are the views from the room top to bottom windows which you can stand in. We didnt have an evening meal at the Burj but we did have breakfast I must say that was the only let down have had alot nicer breakfast elsewhere. But i think its a must you should have at least one night there and the Jacuzzi bath is great.	
Dec 6 2005	Stunning hotel but lacking the personal touch	Writing this review directly from the Burj while waiting for the current fog to clear.The weather has been perfect but some fog this morning. Arrived yesterday after staying at Al Qasr for 4 nights we decided to have 1 night at the Burj as it was our anniversary yesterday. Arrived at the hotel courtesy of Al Qasr as Burj forgot to send us their car as they had a conference on. Not the best start as I had ordered the white rolls as a surprise for my husband. The arrival at the hotel was welcoming but hurried as I mentioned they had an important conference taking place. We were shown to our suite and awaiting us was a 2 room suite, we were totally amazed it is fabulous using past and present tenses here because we are still here.. Antony our butler yesteday afternoon showed us around brought us chilled drinks and gave us a tour of our suite. we have 2 beds 2 bathrooms 2 living areas and 1 dining area and kitchen.panoramic views all around . range of luxury hermes goods in bathrooms too many superlatives about the suite itself to mention.However service here is mixed,Some people greet you some dont. We did not see our evening butler at all only when I called him in to ask him to clear a dirty tea tray which had not been removed after the room had been made up. Our evening guest services lady Stefanie a German lady was very rude and very unfriendly when we arrived on our floor yesterday evening after visiting the spa and having afternoon tea instead of welcoming us she asked us what we wanted??? Only after I complained they apologised and said that sometimes visitors wander up to the floors this is totally not acceptable when you have saved hard and are staying here as a guest this should not happen visitors to the hotel should be seperated from the guests of the hotel. In my opinion there are too many visitors wandering around. Previous comments from people that the butler offered to run baths unpack cases did not happen to us so I was quite disappointed. We took breakfast this morning outside by the pool in Bab Al Yam it was fantastic wonderful selection of everything you could possibly desire. Staff there warm welcoming and very friendly.Overall for us this stay in the Burj has been a mixed bag. The hotel itself and the suite is fantastic but it is really the service what makes the stay and this we feel really has let it down for us. At the Al Qasr it couldnt be more different the service is out of this world. it is a truly magical hotel and I am so glad that we will finish off our holiday back there for the next 3 days. Roll on check out time,	
Nov 30 2005	7* Luxury - FANTASTIC	What can I say about the Burj except that it is everything that you have heard about it - it is literally the best hotel in the world!We were there for 3 nights for our honeymoon on the way back from the Maldives and from the moment we were met at arrivals by our limo driver, rushed through customs and into our waiting Rolls Royce until the time we left the hotel, everything was done for us and we were treated to sheer 7 star luxury.When you walk through the main front doors, you are sprayed by staff with scented water to cool you down and offered treats on silver platters.The suite was huge, our personal butler was terrific and organised everything for us and we were given a bottle of wine, basket of fruit and a chocolate cake on arrival as it was our honeymoon. Food as you can expect is absolutely outstanding and on our first night, we had cocktails in the Skybar followed by a meal in the restaurant which has a stunning view across Dubai. The prices obviously reflect the prestige to a degree but are well worth it - 4 course meal for two with wine came to about £200 and cocktails were about £10 with a bottle of beer coming in at £7.In short, it is in a totally different class to any hotel I have ever stayed at before and I am planning to go back again soon. Expensive, yes - worth it, definitely!	
Nov 28 2005	Impressive	A superb hotel living up to all it's claims. However, it does lack the personal touch and friendlyness that it's neighbouring hotels offer. Certainly worth a couple of days there and definatley visit to the Al Mahara under sea restuarant should be put on the agenda; very expensive (approx £125 per head including wine) but a real treat .... take the submarine ride both ways !!Enjoy!	
Nov 24 2005	Bliss on a grand scale	Arrived at the Burj after spending 4 nights at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel - Perfect end to a perfect holiday. Absolute luxury and fantasy. Booking a return holiday straight away.	
Nov 13 2005 	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in!!	QUALITY! need i say anymore. make sure you have plenty of money with you. thats the only down side the expense. some of the restaurants aren't that good!	
Oct 28 2005	Amazing..	We stayed at the Burj for 5 nights this October and had read all the reviews etc and can quite honestly say it exceed all our expectations. The hotel in general is amazing and the suites are stunning. we were totally spoilt. several reviews have stated how expensive the Burj is and while we couldnt dispute that we felt you got a lot for your money so to speak.All the little extras and service. We were very well looked after and enjoyed every minute. The whole area with the other hotels in the group nearby being accessible via the golf buggies is an added advantage. The food in the Burj is expensive but with all the other places to eat in the other hotels we felt we had the best of both worlds. Cant wait to go back..	
Oct 19 2005	the ultimate place to stay	after staying at some of the best hotels the world has to offer, my expectations were high when I reserved a suite at the BAA for the start of our honeymoon. I have visited Dubai many times over the last 6 years and have stayed a number of times at the Jumeirah Beach hotel opposite, looking up in awe at the amazing structure of the BAA.we arrived in DXB and were picked up by the BAA's gleaming white rolls royce that whisked us to the hotel in no time... on arrival we were greated by the welcoming and professional staff and waited for a short while whilst they processed our checkin, skiping the usual formalities of waiting by the reception desk filing in a form etc. We where then introduced to our butler who showed us round the suite, which was absolutely amazing, if not a bit OTT on the decor front. Gold everywhere... i loved the plasma screen... my wife particularly liked the jacuzzi. we both found the mirror above the bed somewhat kinky but a nice touch ;-)the restaurants appeared under used, but great food. the panaromic bar on the top floor is a great place to go to chill out at the end of a busy day on the beach. The health club / pool within the BAA are also excellent. The staff were outstanding in all areas of the hotel. In fact there is very little to dissapoint from our point of view.overall a fantastic stay and a great way to start a honeymoon. OK, it's not the cheapest place, but who cares. you only live once and this is somewhere you should most definitely stay if you intend to spend a luxury few days in DXB. Enjoy.	
Sep 19 2005	Great food pity about the service	We only ate lunch here as we were staying at the nearby Mina A Salam hotel but wanted to suss out the venue and see whether we might stay at the Burj on our next trip to Dubai.In short we wont be and here's why (remember this is a 5 star hotel):we arrived for lunch a few minutes early and checked into the restaurant foyer. We expected to be offered a pre-lunch aperitif in the bar/lounge area but were simply told to come back at the appointed hour. So we made our own way to the hotel lounge and ordered our own cocktails. Not exactly a good start.I was travelling with my wife and daughter and when we finally sat down it was at a table set for four. I was initially surprised that the unused fourth place setting was not removed from our table but my curiosity was answered after we had started eating when a waiter poured water into the empty glass at the spare space and ushered someone we had never met into the spare chair. I asked &quot;who are you&quot; and was told he was dining on his own and would he like to join us! Er, I dont think so. The waiter then made some sort of excuse to the effect he thought for some strange reason this gentleman was part of our group!Towards the end of the meal my daughter's water glass was whisked off the table despite being still about half full. My daughter questioned the waitress when she returned and was merely told in a quite surly manner that the glass was empty. We had an exchange between my daughter and the waitress of yes it was empty, no it wasnt in the best Fawlty Towers tradition for a few seconds before I made to retrieve the glass and water from a side table. At which point she provided us with a fresh glass and more water.When we booked the meal we had arranged to take coffee in the lounge/bar area on the opposite side of the hotel on the 27th floor so we could have a different view of the mainland beach. After eating we made our way to the reception area for the lounge/bar and were told they were only serving pre-booked full english afternoon tea and anyway there were no vacancies but if we wanted to come back at 5.30 for an afternoon tea that would be ok. I protested and said that was not what had been agreed but they would not budge. Having been so unimpressed with the service so far neither would I. We refused to leave the area and so the receptionist said she was calling the restaurant manager. I said something to the effect of the sooner the better and he appeared a few minutes later. Somewhat surpisingly he was immediately sympathetic to our position and offered to seat us immediately if there was a table free. He investigated and there was and so we were able to enjoy our coffee in peace.By the way, the food was excellent but we will not be going back.	
Sep 18 2005	8 Star All Suite Hotel	Astonishing Luxurious Suites.Ultra-Comfortable Bedroom.Grand Spiral Staircase in room.Amazing Bathroom with Jacuzzi.Personal Butler Service.Hermes Amenities.Choice of Beddings from Pillow Menu.Plasma TV in the Living Room.Grand Lobby.Private Beach.Golf Cart service around the whole resort.Truly the Most Luxurious Hotel in the World.	
Sep 1 2005 	Tacky!	The suite (which my manager had booked for a stay/business meeting) wasn't ready. We asked for snacks in the public lounge and were served tomato, cucumber and onion sandwiches on bog-standard bread along with diluted orange juice.The decor is interesting...seems like the hotel was given several options of interior design and decided to use them all at the same time.Mirror above the bed was very 60's. Even if it cost a quarter of the price I would not stay there.	
Aug 31 2005	UNBELIEVABLE! A must before you die!	WOW! I was speechless on arriving at this wonderful place. When entering the hotel it took my all to prevent my jaw dropping to the ground. It was not tacky, but glitzy and flash with it's huge aquariams and spectacular water features on arrival. The staff took our passports and checked us in, whilst we were served fresh dates, water and iced flannels while waiting. Our suite was out of this world, I can honestly say that it was bigger than some houses. Many things made me laugh during our stay:1. On arrival our &quot;personal butler&quot; asked whether a) we wanted him to unpack our cases straight away or later?b) what temperature we liked our bath run at!!??Mad! Our butler was fab. Couldn't have done enough!Food and drink extremely expensive. The breakfast was included and we feasted on steak fillets, shrimps and various fruit that we had never heard of. If this hadn't been included it would have set us back about £85 each!!!! We did eat in the underwater restuarant on our last night which cost £200 and an expensive bottle of wine at £60. Drinks very expensive with a bottle of larger at £10. My ice cream at the pool cost £10, and with the heat £6 of it fell in the pool. The staff at the pool and the beach were more than helpful, with refills on ice in the glasses of mineral water and fresh iced flannels and yes evian face spray and lavender spray. Don't forget to take your poolside pillow from your pillow menu-yes pillow menu(about 16 choices of pillow).If you're feeling peckish at lunch you can dine on anything but a burger will set you back £38 or like us you can get one of the golf buggies to take you to the wild Wadi water park for a £3 burger meal!!!!!The stay was a totally memorable experience that will never be forgotten. Be prepared to pay! But you are staying in a 7star hotel, with a lot of people who can afford to pay £10 a bottle. Definately recommend it. A must before you die!!!!	
Aug 20 2005	Irresistable	We loved this hotel; it has a real wow factor and, for us, was quite irresistible. The scale and space of the hotel and its suites have to be seen. Decoration is gaudy, glitzy and a little camp! Staff are friendly, attentive, taking pride in knowing and helping you with holiday arrangements. This simply isn’t a place to scrimp, resign yourself to a hefty credit card bill and enjoy the opulence.Some practical points:Despite what is stated in other reviews the hotel was happy for guests to take photos inside.Go to the pool in the 18th floor spa, we found it an underused treat.The seafood restaurant was the only place that didn’t impress us as much as we hoped. We found it expensive and lacking the impact of the rest of the hotel. Mind you, Roger Federer did wander through while we were there.I couldn’t work out their position on tipping; I gave some tips and watched others tip. Some staff appeared uncomfortable with tips, others not though no-one ‘hovered' or gave any indication of wanting a tip. Staff are extremely attentive but equally respect the ‘do not disturb sign’ or a discrete shake of the head.	
Aug 17 2005	Great hotel average service	The hotel is great. The room was great. The service was just average. Thus, I was disappointed. For the price I paid, everything should have been PERFECT. It wasn't.	
Aug 2 2005	Superb hotel bar the Restraunts	I am writing this review while sitting at the study desk, using the supplied laptop in our suite in Burj Al Arab.You may be wondering why I am writing a review on this hotel while staying at such a wonderful, the answer to this question is simple !I am waiting for my wife to get ready for dinner.Anyhow, we are regular visitors to Dubai &amp; we usually stay in Jumeirah Beach Hotel as we have 2 young children.This visit it is just my wife &amp; I, for 3 nights only.From the moment we got picked up at the airport in a white Rolls Royce, the experience was superb.As you are greeted in the RR, cold hand towels &amp; bottled water is handed to you, while my wife was presented with a well presented flowerin an attractive presentation box.After we arrived we were whisked up to our suite immediately no hanging around for the room to be ready.The butler greeted us on our suite floor &amp; showed us around the suite which is just out of this world, I doubt you will find a better (normal charge) suite anywhere in the world.A huge plasma screen/jacuzzi/study with laptop &amp; internet access and acres of room awaits you.There is even a pillow menu with a vast selection of pillows awaiting your decision.The suite was very comfortable &amp; had everything you could think of.The one thing we were worried about was that it just may be too stuffy for us, how wrong I could be, there was a very relaxed atmosphere everywhere we went.The only complaint I had was the Al Muntaha restraunt on the 27th floor, it was exceptionally expensive &amp; the food was not very good.This put us off eating in the hotel restraunts again for dinner opting for Gordon Ramseys Verre &amp; Jumeirah Beach La Parilla instead.To summarise: a wonderful stay in a wonderful hotel.Just go &amp; eat dinner elsewhere as there are better restraunts available in Dubai &amp; not as pricey.	
Jul 25 2005 	Highly disappointed with the Burj Al Arab	This my seem a Shock review to all, in comparison to the 5 star ratings it has received so far. However me and my wife had a nightmare for the short duration that we stayed here. The first problem was the bath, which for some reason ceased to supply any water when needed! This also surprised the bath assistant, but it still took a good 24 hours for it to be rectified! The second incident was with room service meal. Upon presentation of the meal we found a piece of meat in the salad although we had asked for a veggie option, which upset my wife as she is a strict vegetarian. The last and final straw came when we were charged extra for the meal as they stated that we had ordered a meat dish even though it was confirmed earlier on that we hadn't! What can I say..........7 stars of pure rubbish! I'd rather stay at dehli darbar hotel which I find to be amongst the best in the world.	
Jul 25 2005	Lived up to expectations	Our stay in the Burj Al Arab came at the end of our honeymoon, during which we stayed in some of the best hotels the world has to offer. I was a bit nervous about staying there as my expectations were so high, especially after our stays in other hotels, it is a large hotel and could such a large hotel have excellent service with a personal feel? The answer is yes! No matter how you feel about the opulence of the hotel you can't help but go WOW when you go upstairs to the lobby and when you see your suite. We found the staff friendly, personal and engaging while the service was excellent. We had a spa treatment and the infinity pools there on the 18th floor are well worth the trip! The Seafood restaurant has excellent food but is expensive. The breakfast was excellent and the Sky restaurant was the best. It is less formal then the seafood restaurant but the food is just as good and more reasonable. I was not dissapointed and it was a fitting end to the most amazing honeymoon.	
Jul 25 2005	Amazing rooms but over the top	Stayed here for 2 nights. The rooms are fantastic, every luxury you could think of, the hotel is also out of this world will all of the facilities you would ever need, and more.We just found it TOO much, with someone knocking on your door every 2 minutes asking if you wanted your bath run, your beds made, more ice, etc etc. I understand that thid hotel has to give good serices, but this was too much. In the end, we put the do not disturb sign on the door to keep them away.I dont regret going here, it was an amazing experience, but I wouldnt go again.	
Jul 23 2005	truly precious or fools' gold?	As we entered the terminal in Dubai airport we were greeted by the Burj rep. and whizzed through passport control at record speed resulting in us sitting in our car and arriving at the Burj swiftly. Upon entering, the staff took a slight pride in watching looks of anticipation turn to awe as they offer you towels, dates, coffee and rosewater while you looked at the staggering dancing water fountain and fish tanks around you. No lengthy check in took place, just whizzed up to our floor where the floor manager took us straght to our room.The decor of the room was somewhat odd, full of shiny gold lamps, clashing colours between the sofas and carpets and a TV frame considerably larger than the TV itself. However, none of this mattered. Many people love to hate the Burj for its decadence and slightly tacky grandeur but it is undeniable that it is pure, blissful luxury, perfect for that one special occasion, just not everyday.Both upstairs bedrooms were more subdued in style and classier as was the bathroom covered in beautiful mosaic tiles with a Jacuzzi that could easily fit four!The breakfast in the morning at the Al Iwan (much better than the one at the Bab Al Yam as it had an omelette maker with better views) was varied, delicious and plentiful. Equally the spa on the 18th floor catered to all needs, was spacious and had a small but stunning pool.Now for the negatives... the bar on the 27th floor, multicoloured ceiling included was tacky and very bright. Furthermore the famed Al Mahara restaurant was unbelievably expensive for the delicious, but little food received. Aside from the facilities within the hotel itself, the hotel, the Burj justifiably has a reputation and the look one receives from, for example, taxi drivers when telling them you are at the Burj is slightly disconcerting. I imagine some people like this as staying at the Burj did seem to be for many staying there more of a status symbol than a fantastic hotel.Nevertheless, please do not let me deter you all. Staying at the Burj is a once in a lifetime experience, which, should you be lucky enough to be able to do, you defiantly should as, overall the hotel, the service and the food are astonishing. We went as it was my mother's 60th birthday and while we generally loved the Burj, I don’t realistically think my family and I would stay there again as while it was amazing for at lot less one could stay perfectly comfortably in the equally stunning Mina Al Salaam/Al Qasr.	
Jun 26 2005	7 Star Rating is well deserved	As a regular business traveller who spends 4 months a year travelling extensively, I thought I had seen it all.....until I stayed at this Hotel.The service here is truly out of this world with the Hotel employees being particularly impressive in every aspect of their duties. The Waiters at breakfast do everything for you bar actually eat the food for you. As for the Butler service, well, if insisting on walking you down 24 flights of stairs during a Dubai power cut (the first power cut the city has had in 10 years I am told) was not enough then the offer of running our baths, packing / unpacking our suitcases and bringing unprompted various refreshments to our suite on a regular basis every evening certainly did it for us. The suites are superb and luxurious in the extreme and the restaurants are truly first class with the delightfully tasting food being well worth the hefty pricetag. The internal decoration and ambience of the lobby has to be seen to be believed and the Pool Staff certainly wore out their shoe leather with the constistent bringing of water, evian face sprays, ice cold flannels and fruit platters. It is indeed difficult to find any fault with the Burj although most of us will eventually run out of money if we stay here too often.The unofficial billing of this Hotel being 7 star is entirely accurate - in my opinion it is indeed 2 notches above a typical 5 star Hotel such as a Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons for example, if that is possible. Treat yourself to a truly memorable experience and stay here before Dubai gets too overcrowded.	
Jun 22 2005	Total Luxury	This hotel exceeds our expectations every time we go. This was our second visit, and this time my boyfriend/lover surprised me with the presidential suite. It was fantastic. Every luxury your could imagine was there. I never even had to draw my own bath! And the tub jets - oooooooh! It was a surprise birthday get away - and what a surprise it was. I thought the one bedroom was grand - this far surpassed that. I have to say - the food was out of this world. Very delicious. The service - spectacular. Bruce has very over the top tastes, and likes &quot;certain things&quot; while away on vacation - this hotel caters to your every whim - no questions asked. If you want it - they will find it. You pleasure is their mission. - D. Rowley	
Jun 22 2005	Loved the Burj	My husband and I just returned from a week in Dubai the end of May and we absolutely loved the city. We spend the first night at the Hilton Dubai Creek due to a late night arrival, followed by four nights at the One and Only Royal Mirage and two nights at the Burj Al Arab. The Hilton is nice but more of a business hotel and due to street construction all around it it is difficult to walk outside the hotel. I would recommend going directly to the Jumeirah Beach area. The Royal Mirage was fabulous - great pool and beach area as well as excellent restaurants. We had a club level beach front suite that was luxurious. Then on to the Burj Al Arab, which to us deserved even more than seven stars. The building itself is one of Dubai's top attractions. It was truly the best hotel, in every respect, that we have ever stayed at in the world. The attitude of the staff and service level could not possibly be any better and the food was among the best we've ever eaten. The suites and common hotel areas are exquisite. I can't say enough about the experience; it was worth every dollar. As regards the Jumeirah Beach area in general it is beautiful but you cannot walk from hotel to hotel on the street due to distance and the construction of the Palm and World Islands prevents beach walking due to construction. Also if you are traveling as a couple be careful where you stay; many hotels are family oriented and the pools are packed with children. We took the East Coast tour - very interesting and worthwhile - and the dune bashing/dinner, which was only so-so. If you enjoy a convoy of 25 4 wheel vehicles traveling together and then meeting up with 3 other same sized groups for dinner, then go for it! It was mass market at it's worst!! The food and belly dancing were very good however.	
Jun 5 2005	The Burj is Dubai	Stay if you can at this spectacular hotel. The stunning sailboat styled architecture and all round Dubai icon does not prepare the visitor for what lies inside. Yes, this hotel is monumentally vulgar and over the top. One would expect the Beckhams to have played a consultancy role with the interior decor! However, you are in Dubai and this hotel says (nay positively screams) it all. If you want less ostentation and the unrivalled service of the champions of luxury hotels then Ritz Carlton is, in the end, a more fulfilling experience. But, it is too easy to take a swipe at this fabulous hotel. Like many other reviewers here, my wife and I have have been lucky enough to stay in some top hotels. The Burj Al Arab is the best we have ever luxuriated in. We booked through Expedia and paid 426 pounds a night, including a magnificent breakfast at the Bab Al Yam restaurant. Yes, it is huge money but we didn't feel in the least overcharged. Indeed, the hotel was fully booked on the two nights we stayed.You do not stay in a hotel room. The suites at the Burj are not about providing an extra chair or more desk space. A basic suite is like entering a palace. The amount of space has to be seen to be believed. Your suite is on 2 levels, linked by a sweeping staircase (What? No personal lift?) and it would take too long to list the many outstanding features of this hotel. The 11 telephones in each suite probably sums it all up. The mountainous fruit bowl, the remote controlled curtains, the projected clock on the wall, the thunderous sound system, the spot on air conditioning, the bed from heaven, complete with naughty ceiling mirror and my own personal favourite as a computer technophobe, an IT butler are my own stand out favourites. The Burj is Dubai. Stay (not visit) if you can.	
Jun 2 2005	The Ultimate Luxury	I'm a jaded traveler and I admit it, but I was wowed by the Burj al Arab--wowed by the place, wowed by the view, wowed by the decor and wowed by the price. We stayed in a &quot;panaramic suite&quot; and it surely was. The $1000 per night rate is extremely steep but this is truly one of those &quot;once in a lifetime&quot; experiences. The Al Muharra restaurant is also great. If you're a couple, ask to sit at one of the tables for two next to the aquarium.The other restaurants in the hotel are riduculously expensive for what you get--$48 hamburger, for example. Also, avoid the mini bar in the room. In my opinion, if you're paying $1000 per night for a room, they shouldn't charge you $6.50 for a coke!	
May 10 2005	What a place!	The Burj al Arab is like nowhere else on earth. We got married from the hotel - getting ready in the suite, having our photos in the lobby, on the beach and in the grounds of both the Burj &amp; Jumeirah beach was all just fantastic - although security is a little OTT!!We had a wonderful stay here, and are dying to go back for a longer stay. It's the most amazing place.	
Apr 28 2005	Spectacular and Special	I have just returned from what in my opinion is the best hotel in the world!I travelled with my wife and 2 year old son and we had a magnificent time. All the reviews I read prior to travel somewhat prepared me for the Burj but my expectations were exceeded! I've been fortunate to have stayed in some beautiful hotels around the world. The Burj beats them all! I have stayed in the Honeymoon suite at the Renaissance Ilikai on Waikkiki beach Hawaii, Hyatt Regency Gainey Ranch in Phoenix, Arizona, the Sugar Beach resort in Mauritius, the Don Cesar in St. Petersburg, Florida and in the Presidential Suite at the Registry resort, Naples Florida but nothing can compare to the Club Suite at the Burj al Arab that I have just enjoyed! What makes a class hotel? It helps if it has a monumental design, good facilities, clean, restaurant etc but I think that the most important thing for any holiday maker is SERVICE.This is where the Burj excells. Anything from cold towels and ice water by the pool to providing my son with beach toys and a football when we visited the beach. NOTHING was too much trouble and the most satisfying thing about it was that the staff members, and I mean ALL of them, see making guests as comfortable as possible as their goal and not only in the hope of a large tip! After leaving the beach (The Burj's private section of beach) I spoke with who I presume was the manager of the beach staff and expressed that after having such a lovely meal there and them making a particular effort to ensure that my son was fully occupied and comfortable that I'd like to tip the particular member of staff who had been looking after us. His reply was simple and polite....&quot; Sir, we just want all of our guests to be happy. We do NOT want a tip because we know that you'll visit us again if we treat you right whilst you are here! We just want you to be happy with our service!!!!&quot; I can imagine that some people may be slightly uncomfortable having their own butler and other hotel staff generally falling over to make sure that they are totally satisfied with any aspect during their stay. I, for one, absolutely love that kind of treatment and I'll be going back to the Burj as soon as possible. 7 star luxury, excellent service and polite, helpful, friendly hotel staff. The Burj is THE place where all this is guaranteed.	
Apr 26 2005	You will be amazed at this place!!	If you can afford it, book it, it is an amazing out of this world experience. I stayed there for the first three nights on my honeymoon enroute to Mauritius and I can't stop thinking about the place I am desperate to go back. I spent one day round the pool, pure relaxation and pampering, and two full days at Wild Wadi Water Park, which was unbelievable and I can't wait to go back. We did get an afternoon at the Burj Al Arab's beach, which was the nicest beach, cleanest, beach I have been to (and I have travelled extensively), the sea is so warm it is like a bathtub and there is a lifeguard in a canoe out in the sea as well as one on a tower. You feel extremely looked after and catered for for every single second of your holiday but left in peace when needed. I loved it.	
Apr 10 2005	Words cannot describe how fantastic this hotel is!	Every experience at this hotel is 7*. Check in is very swift and we were allowed in our room at 7.30am. They upgraded us to a Panoramic suite, wow, and wished me Happy Birthday as it was that day. I also received flowers, cake, wine and card from the manager. The room is unbelievable and massive on two floors - glass windows from floor to ceiling on both walls. Remote control blinds. Great view over looking Jumeriah Beach hotel. 24 hour butler. Full size Hermes toiletries. Laptop and internet. Plasma tv with DVD player. Fresh fruit is plentiful. We also ate in the roof top restaurant which was good and not as expensive as expected. Great views. Wild Wadi water park is a must! Best there is as you don't have to walk up any stairs. You float around in a rubber ring and you get rushed UP water shoots to the top of rides. Very exhilterating ... ladies hang on to your bikini bottoms. You don't need to take any money as you can credit wrist bands and it's charged to your room. Going back Sept 2005 - can't wait. The pool area is very quiet. The pool attendant lays out towels on the bed when you arrive, brings glasses of iced water, wet flannels and lavender spray. Was great but did prefer the pool at Jumeriah Beach hotel as livlier or the water park ... but what a life.	
Mar 30 2005	Vulgar Naff and Tacky	The only, but major, thing to fault this hotel is the complete lack of taste and decency. While there are millions of people starving in poverty in the world, this hotel is employing people to clean sunglasses, and run people's baths. The service and facilities are impeccable, but i find the total lack of culture and taste extremely distressing. This hotel is generally regarded as a bit of a joke, and should not be taken seriously. It is so luxourious it is tacky, mind you that is the general feeling in all of Dubai: Naff and Tacky!	
Mar 11 2005	Fantastic Experience	The Descriptions of the rooms have already been covered and they are all correct it is a fantastic hotel. We stayed there for part of our honeymoon and the service is beyond anything you can imagine. Is is not true to say that the hotel is not for families our 12 year was treated exactly like an adult with the butler coming to the door asking to speak to her about what she would like. After which she ended up with a play station, selection of games and DVD's her own mini sized bathrobe and slippers and toiletries.We ate in the underwater restaurant and it is expensive without a doubt but it's something that's got to be done. Ok so it is expensive but worth it for a special occasion and it's very nice to be able to go over the bridge and know you are staying there while the lobby is full of people who go just to see inside.	
Feb 26 2005	Star Status	We stayed at the Burj Al Arab for 4 nights in September 2004.No pictures can give you an idea of the luxury of this hotel. You just have to stay there to experience it for yourself!The room we had was a standard suite. Downstairs yes....downstairs we had a laptop for our use with broadband. A plasma screen TV with dvd, which had a remote control which operated the curtains upstairs and down and also the security camera on the door. If someone rang the bell, their image shows on the screen and you press a button on the remote to let them enter. Clever! The room was very luxuriously decorated and had floor to ceiling windows up and down. With a great view of the Palm which they are now building.We had complimentary wine, fruit, biscuits and dates! Not to mention the toiletries. Hermes perfume, aftershave, shower gel, body lotion and much more.Our butler and concierge knew both our names immediately and as I was travelling with another female they knew which was which. I thought that was brilliant. We could change money with the concierge although it was cheaper at the shopping mall.When we returned to our room at the end of the night, our slippers were put out next to the bed along with a plastic box containing a chocolate and artificial flower, each night a different colour.We attended the Hotel Manager's welcoming cocktail party which was a good chance to view the other guests and decided who was with who for the money - you know 25 year old with 60 year old etc. Free canapes and drinks for the duration!!!During the day the pool area was quite quiet. Before you even put your belongings on the sun lounger the attendant places the towel out for you and returns with glasses of water, lavender mist sprays and cold wet towels. I was born for this treatment. It really is 7* luxury.The fish restaurant (supposedly underwater) was expensive, you can order separate items from the menu or the whole 12 courses or whatever it is. As it was my first time I ordered all the courses!!! The bill was expensive but who cares. It was a one-off. The food was excellent but I think we may have upset the chef as we didn't have a clue what wine went with what and ordered something at the wine waiter's discretion. To get down to the restaurant you enter a submarine simulator which is an utter waste of time and complete embarrassment to you and the operator.Do not miss the Wild Wadi Water Park which is free to guests. As you leave the hotel the doorman will summon a golf buggy which takes you there ( they can also take you to the Jameirah Beach Hotel). You have to get a wrist band as you go in and put money onto it for your lunch and locker etc. This is no ordinary water park. Where you would climb stairs to get to various slides here you don't! You pick up your tube and the water pushes you up to the top of the slide it's fantastic, but you could lose your bottoms and end up with a sore backside. The surf ride is brilliant to watch but you queue for 10 mins to be thrown off after 1 second it is really hard to master.Dubai itself is a strange place due to religious drinking laws etc and there is no 'strip' of bars or restaurants everything is hotel based and you can't walk from one to the other. The Burj is situated on Jameirah Beach so can be half an hour or more taxi ride to Souks and Shopping Malls.The Jumeirah Beach Hotel has a great restaurant (can't remember the name -sorry) but as you put your handbag on the floor the waitress emerges with a red heart-shaped cushion for it - fantastic. I love stuff like that. The nightclub is also quite good, although DJ didn't do requests and I wanted bit more R 'n' B.Treat yourself to this hotel. It is expensive but it's an experience in itself.No-one famous as most of them travel in by helicopter except 50 cent apparently who had large entourage and made a big show of getting limousines.	
Feb 11 2005	over rated!	sorry, everyone on here is going to go mad now! but i dont like this hotel, it is very over the top, if you the Beckham's taste then you will like it. of course the rooms/staff/views/facilities are fantastic but it is a bit too formal...i would say families are a no-go...although you can use the Jumeirah Beach facilities which is very family orinated. as an alternative i would say go to the one &amp; only royal mirage, al qasr (which opened in aug 04), mina a salam.  just incase some travel agents dont tell you - there is alot of building work on the beach area, but it wont affect your holiday. 	
Jan 30 2005	Attention to detail is second to none	I am a regular visitor to Dubai and ex-resident, so when it came to celebrating our Silver Wedings it could only be the Burj. Spent 7 days last June and while I did not publicise that we were on our Silver Wedding the word got out from some of our local friends; consequently the hotel made our stay very special (although I suspect they treat all guests like that). Everything was perfect, breakfast is really something else. The pool area is quite small but attendants keep you stocked up with plenty of iced bottled water (free) and cooling face sprays. As previously said the suites are fully loaded. One thing of note that after day 1 we were always addressed by name! They must have a good briefing session in the morning. Could not be better, and shop around for best rates. Also Duabi maybe in the Middle East but it is not dry, no street bars but plenty bars in hotels and clubs, you can also buy 4 x items (4 x bottles or 4 x1/2 case of beer) per person at the arrivals duty free.	
Jan 30 2005	7 star in every sense of the word	My husband and I stayed at the 'Burj' for the first leg of our honeymoon and what a fantastic start. It was everything we expected and more. The staff were especially friendly and helpful, no matter what was requested from them. Although dinner in 'Al Mahara' was expensive, you get what you pay for. We paid approx $250, including a few glasses of wine, but it was supberb and worth every penny.The pool area was particularly windy, something I have heard said before from a friend so hold onto your drinks.The buffet breakfast was a delight, so much choice you could have stayed all day and still not sampled everything on offer.This is most definately a 7 star hotel, in every sense of the world, well worth a visit, even for a short break.	
Jan 27 2005	The Most Luxurious Hotel In the World!	My Wife and I stayed in this unique sail shaped Icon for 1 night during our 10 day trip in August. Upon arrival we were met by several individuals who swiftly escorted us to the hotel lobby, whilst our reservation was confirmed. We were then given a small introduction to the hotel and its facilities whilst being shown to our room. The hotel boasts over 200 suites from the basic; deluxe, to the presidential and royal suites, which are described by many as the best in the world. I had seen pictures of most of the rooms before my visit and I wasn't disappointed seeing them in all their glory. The deluxe suites are furnished beautifully with a blue and gold theme and have gadgets galore: Plasma screen TV, Laptop, Fax, Remote door access, Electronic Curtains to name a few. Up the stairs and your bathroom awaits you with a range of full size his and hers Hermes products. You also have a Jacuzzi and walk in shower at your disposal. Into the bedroom and a spectacular view of the ocean and nearby marina. You even have a pillow menu to choose from!The Burj offers all the facilities you would expect from the only seven star hotel in the world and more. Each floor has at least one butler to cater to your needs and big Ego (you'll feel like a king in this place). The staff are well presented, professional and always willing to help. My wife and I were celebrating our honeymoon and were given a bunch of flowers and a nice little cake, which just added to an already wonderful holiday.For food, the hotel has several restaurants; we ate at the al Mahara &quot;Underwater&quot; restaurant, which is accessed by a submarine! This is not entirely true as the ride is only a simulation which wasn't very impressive. The restaurant itself is built around a unique aquarium which has some very exotic fishes including a baby shark. Ranked in the top 20 restaurants in the world, the food was good but very pricy. A main course some non alcoholic cocktails and a single desert landed us a cool 100 pound bill. But the experience is one of a kind so i would still recommend it. The breakfast was a buffet offering a very good selection of dishes, along with great service, It just give it that special touch not seen in the deluxe 5 stars I've stayed in.As you can tell by my review, I'm a big fan of this hotel. I simply loved it. i think if you combine your stay in Dubai with a nice 5 star in the city along with a few nights in the Burj, you'll get to experience the luxury of the Jumeriah beach and the cosmopolitan feel of the city. With regards to price; August time is the off peak season in Dubai (due to the intense heat) so prices are cheapest. A deluxe suite will cost you around 420 pounds if you reserve direct with the hotel. But you can get it for around 340 pounds with some travel agents including breakfast. But don't leave it to the last minute as the hotel can be full all year round.Highly recommended for the sheer opulence and extravagance this hotel offers. Any questions drop me an email.	
Jan 13 2005	Excellent	We stayed here for 7 nights on our honeymoon and thought it was wonderful - excellent service and tasty food (although a bit pricey).The rooms sorry suites have all the latest gadgets and you receive canapes and drinks every evening. As it was our honeymoon I recieved a big bunch of roses, bottle of champagne and a luxurious chocolate cake covered in edible gold leaf!most hotels are 5*+ in dubai but this really is the business, I would definately go there again and again!	
Jan 6 2005	Out of this world!!!!	My husband and I stayed at the Burj for 5 nights in April 2004. We had seen and read so much about the hotel we had to try it out for ourselves. The welcome was fantastic and the check in directly in the suite made it nice and private. The views from the suite were amazing. We were allowed to take pictures anywhere in the hotel. The spa was beautiful with the pool looking out over Dubai. The room was always clean, new treats everyday including complimentary everything!! We took the Desert Jeep Safari one afternoon and had a blast. Scary but wonderful. The restaurants are great.Would go back anytime and recommend this hotel to everyone!	
Dec 24 2004	Heaven on earth	My wife our 2 sons and I stayed at burj in August. We were expecting it to be good but were amazed at how good it really was.From the moment we arrived, we were treated like royalty. As regards the children, aged 2 and 4 years the had the time of their lives. So often hotel staff treat children as an annoyence, how ever the staff at Burj treated them as visitors in their own right. Nothing was too much trouble.The food was excellent and the room service as you would expect always ensured that extra touch. As regards relaxing, at the outside pool, we were continually provided with sun barriers and water sprays.You also have free access to the water park to pass the time Everything about the burj excellent - my personal recommendation is that you can not judge other hotels until you have experience this	
Dec 24 2004	Afternoon Tea	I have just got back from Dubai and went to the Burj for afternoon tea. The greeting at the door and by reception was very good - I was told i could take photo's on the ground floor and first floor. Then went up to the 27th floor for afternoon tea which was excellent. Cost about £23 or so and was well worth it - i was on my own and was made to feel comfortable by staff especially the english head waiter or Manager not sure who he was. The tea was great - every type to choose from and plenty of it. The sandwiches were gorgeous, i had veggie ones and had the cakes, scones etc which were lovely. Spent about an hour and half there - great experience though i have to say some of the visitors were a little above their station. If you fancy a treat take the opportunity tovisit this hotel though unless you are rich you wont be likely to stay there!	
Dec 10 2004	Awesome experience of a lifetime!	From the Rolls Royce pick-up w/ the chauffer bearing orchids, the nice welcoming committee to the excellent check-in service on your suite floor our experience started in grand style. I've read a lot about the Burj but being actually there was unbelievably impressive. Our panoramic suite was so royal and plush, took us all day to absorb it all. My husband and I stayed for 2 days and just immersed ourselves with pure luxury. Massage in their excellent spa, breakfast by the pool, the water park, and touring the other surrounding hotels. Very good service. All the hotel employees aimed to please us. The restaurant on the top floor was very expensive as expected, so just sit at the lounge for cocktail, and ride the golf cart to Mina Salam and take a tour on the abras where the souks and more affordable restuarants are spread out. From then on no other hotel will ever compare the excellence of the Burj. I'd be willing to share some specific tips or detailed advise to those planning to stay at the Burj or just visit Dubai.	
Dec 7 2004	Overwhelming - Fantastic!!	My husband and I stayed for 1 night while in Dubai for a few days. We absolutely loved it! It is a fantastic hotel - so amazing that we were really overwhelmed when we were taken to our suite. We went for my 30th birthday to celebrate, and the hotel was great to me on my birthday - personal birthday wishes, roses and a cake - so unexpected, but really sweet!! Its an amazing hotel - both in the Lobby and the suites, and we were pleasantly surprised to be given a suite upgrade on arrival because the hotel was at capacity!! We were so sad to leave, that we would definitely come back again - both to Dubai and the Burj	
Nov 19 2004	absolutley fabulous	my husband son and i spent 1 night at the burj to celebrate my 40th whilst on holiday in dubai. Words can not describe how fantastic the hotel is. The suite was beyong belief, but i must say that the food we ate was not as good as that at the Le meridien where we spent the rest of our holiday. A burger at the poolside was £26.00 and a glass of bubbly was £30, but it was an experience and i would return again tommorow.	
Nov 13 2004	Too Flashy - Not the best hotel in Dubai by far	The Burj was a big disappointment to us. While it looked magnificent from the outside, we found it to be too flashy from the inside. The colours were very 60s. You'd almost expect Austin Powers to appear shouting &quot;Shagadelic&quot; any minute. Not my style at all. It is also way too expensive for what it offered: no direct beach access from the hotel, snooty staff, average food for extravagant prices. What I found to be quite annoying was that guests were not allowed to take pictures in the skybridge bar, or anywhere else in the hotel besides the bedroom. Oh, and the bedroom had a mirrored ceiling - Pleeeaaase! Dubai has many excellent hotels to choose from such as Dar Al Messyaf, Jumeirah Beach Hotel, Jumeirah Beach Club and of course the Royal Mirage. Stay at any of these hotels and stop at the Burj to watch the magnificent view and have a cocktail at the Skybridge Bar. You'll get a much better value for your money.	
Oct 25 2004	If you are a visitor the waiters will treat you like dirt	If you are not a resident at the Burgh but are tempted to go there for tea as a way of getting in to look around the building. I suggest you don’t bother because the staff will treat you like dirt.From the doorman, who would not assist my wife to get out of the car, things went downhill from there.The receptionist could not be bothered to find out where we should be going to waiters who kept whispering about us and being surly about serving us..,it was truly an insulting event that has led me ( unusually ) to pitch in a formal complaint.At the end of the day the hotel is just a building, albeit , a grand and splendid one. My perception is that the junior staff have a superiority complex above their station in life and treat residents with due reverence and visitors with distain and that after paying about £110 for a cup of tea and a few sandwiches and cakes.	
Oct 14 2004	not worth it	I stayed here in 2002.The lift to the skybar and the views over the Arabian Gulf are breathtaking but not as breathtaking as the price of the drinks when you get there!The al maha restaurant was ok, but I have had better meals for a lot less.I don’t mean to sound like a skinflint but I did not think it was worth the money. If you are seriously loaded I’m sure it would be great fun, but there are many other hotels in Dubai that are just as good.The best things were the pool, the fountains and the aquarium in the entrance (although you can’t take photos in case you frighten the fish).And yes that ride in the Rolls Royce limousine still brings a smile to my face.	
Oct 14 2004	Out of this world	Staying in this hotel was an unforgettable experience. It is worth every single penny, a truely once in a lifetime experience. Service is amazing, the facilities the best I've ever seen and the building itself is breathtaking.If only we'd stayed a week rather than just one night!	
Oct 9 2004	A little over-rated!!	Yes this is a wonderful hotel but I think a lot depends on what you're used to. My husband and I stayed for 2 nights a couple of weeks ago to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary and they did provide us with some little extras for this (wine, cake) which were great but no more than we'd received from the city hotel we stayed in first. We've travelled the world extensively and if you're used to 5* in the Far East then you're not really going to get much more. The suite was huge with every gadget available but again if you're used to staying in suites the only difference is that their's are more opulent. My only criticism is with the restaurant - we dined in the Al-Muntaha (on the 27th floor) and we've certainly had better for a lot less. We had a main course each with the smallest glass of wine you've ever seen and this cost £100!!! The cost would have been OK if it was the best food we'd ever eaten but it wasn't and the portions were miniscule. If you do want to eat in the hotel go to the Al-Iwan which, although buffet style, was excellent. Would we go again - no, but we're glad we tried it.	
Oct 1 2004	Not for the faint hearted	The Burj is what is says it is. The world's most luxurious hotel...but at a cost. A beer is £7 and a glass of champage will set you back £30. Not for the faint hearted. However the rooms are spectacular with bells and whistles galore. The lobby is stylish and jawdropping, the Al Mahara is a great restaurant but again, is tough on the wallet (£300 for 2 with wine). The Hotel has a strict dress code (no shorts after 6pm) and gentlemen cannot remove their jackets at dinner - this can seem a little stiffling if you are there on a relaxing holiday.The Burj is unique and worth staying a couple of nights just to savour the experience and the glamourous surroundings......Be sure to take the Rolls to the airport when you leave.	
Sep 28 2004	Arabian magic		
Sep 14 2004	Warning! Do not entrust your credit card		
Sep 10 2004	Absolute splendour		
Sep 8 2004	First impressions - WOW!		
Sep 2 2004	'Wow'		
Aug 18 2004	Live like a movie star!		
Jul 16 2004	Unforgettable hotel fantasy		
Jul 7 2004	Everyone must try this once in there life....		
Jun 23 2004	Pretty Classy. . .		
May 19 2004	Happy Burjday		
Nov 18 2009 	La realtà supera l'immaginazione		
Nov 18 2009 	??????…		
Nov 13 2009 	hotel 7 étoiles		
Nov 12 2009 	Dubai		
Nov 12 2009 	E'l'hotel più bello del mondo		
Oct 25 2009 	Nicht zu topen!!		
Oct 12 2009 	Eine Welt für sich		
Oct 9 2009 	Ein Traum		
Oct 3 2009 	bling bling		
Sep 26 2009 	inoubliable		
Sep 23 2009 	?????????????		
Sep 22 2009 	magnifique et original		
Sep 16 2009 	MagnifiqueParfait tout ce que vous voulez!!!!!		
Jul 31 2009 	Der teure Traum		
Jul 3 2009 	Excelente		
Jun 25 2009 	schade		
Jun 19 2009 	Trop cool!!!		
Jun 17 2009 	7??????????????		
May 19 2009 	Trés kitch mais bluffant.		
May 7 2009 	Excelencia		
Apr 25 2009 	Los Miñana de Daimús en Dubai :)		
Apr 23 2009 	super genial		
Feb 21 2009 	Super mais...		
Feb 14 2009 	Exceptionnel et Roccoco		
Feb 14 2009	??????		
Feb 1 2009 	Unico al mondo		
Jan 25 2009 	???????		
Jan 12 2009 	??????????????		
Jan 1 2009 	Fabuloso		
Nov 17 2008 	tout simplement magnifique		
Oct 31 2008 	???????????		
Oct 14 2008 	?????????(#^.^#)		
Sep 5 2008 	wenn man nicht Russe ist ist man Gast zweiter Klasse		
Aug 9 2008 	que du tape à l'oeil !!!		
Jul 6 2008 	Luxe trop tape à 'oeil service trop agité...mais trop bien quand-même!		
Jun 10 2008	extrovertido y elegante el burj al arab		
Apr 30 2008 	Le burj c'est magique		
Mar 3 2008 	Tal como lo soñé con un hermoso atardecer		
Feb 29 2008 	Es el mejor hotel en el que he estado		
Nov 26 2007 	Hotel super lussuoni		
Aug 31 2007 	Exceptionnel !		
Aug 21 2007 	No me pareció		
Aug 14 2007 	fue genial		
Jul 3 2007 	Bellissimo		
May 9 2007 	Gut und grauenhaft zugleich		
Nov 18 2006 	L'hotel più lussuoso del mondo		
May 22 2006	eL Mejor		
