	Good hotel for the price	I was at this hotel very recently in november and had a great experience.. The hotel apartment is very well located with the BurJuman Mall hardly about 5 mins walking distance.. The rooms are huge and very good with a PLASMA TV and all kitchen accessories.. It has a swimming pool too that too on the roof top which I dint expect to be..The hotel staff is extremely helpful and they make sure that you have a great stay.. Kudos to the staff..The only negative point of this is that there is no restaurant within the hotel apartment.. Being a hotel apartment, its not expected to have a restaurant but it wud have been excellent if even a small basic restaurant wud have been there..But despite that.. A GREAT PLACE to stay when in Dubai..	
Nov 25 2009 	A good stay	We stayed at this hotel for a week in November. I booked early and got the best deal directly from the hotel. We had booked a one-bedroom apartment but at check-in were upgraded to a spacious two-bedroom apartment.Overall we had a very nice experience. The hotel's staff really has a service-minded attitude, especially Omar was great.The hotel has a tiny but clean rooftop pool, which was never too crowded.Spinneys supermarket, a few minutes walk from the hotel, had all the groceries we needed. Also Centrepoint shopping centre and Burjuman mall were within walking distance, as well as some restaurants across the Sheikh Zayed street.Getting a taxi from and to the hotel was not difficult at all (except the rush afternoon rush hours) - just ask the reception to call a taxi 5-10 minutes before leaving. When returning to the hotel, most taxi drivers know the Spinneys supermarket.If you want quality accommodation in the Bur Dubai area, Xclusive apartments is a good choice.	
Nov 17 2009 	well worth the money	very nice clean apartments and freindly/helpful staff.quite near to the Burjuman Shopping Mall where you can get the metro to most places then get taxis rest of way, (pay for a silver card then just top it up when you need to).Pool is small but hardly anyone sat round it so most of time it was like we had our own pool to ourselves!No pool bar but you can order a can of fizzy drink to be brought up to you but for 4 DHS you can get a full bottlecoke from Spinneys!!rooms very spacious and comfortable, lobby may be small but is all you need and the gym is a good size.supermarket right afacing is very expensive so turn left and walk 5 mins down the road to Spinneys which is much larger and cheaper (better selection of things).They give priority to women/families on buses so you can walk to front of queue at bus station it was a real plus in that weather.I would definately stay there again!	
Oct 23 2009 	Good place to stay	We had one bedroom executive apartment, and it was spacious, clean and modern. Apartment had flat-TV's in living room and bedroom. The pool in the roof wasn't very big, but it wasn't crowded when we were there. Staff were very friendly, and the whole experience was very positive.	
Sep 10 2009 	The best Hotel Apartment in Dubai	We were in this hotel apartment for almost two weeks in August 09. We would like to say it was the best hotel with plently of facilities, eg: high quality equipment,excellent service,very friendly management and reception,clean spacious rooms, very good kitchen facility, very useful transfer from airport to hotel and vise versa, family friendly and finally we enjoyed our stay and had a great time and we would like to go back to this hotel on our next visit to Dubai. We highly reconmend this hotel to anyone who visits Dubai. Thanks again, Mr Alan and family from London	
Aug 14 2009 	Great hotel and service	We as a family of four from UK (teenage daughters ) stayed at the xclusive hotel appartment on they 2 bed exclusive rooms. Both rooms have ensuit plus extra toilet in between. One room also have 38&quot; plama tv, hairdryer, iron/board + safe(free to use with own combination). Living area is well furnished including 42&quot; plama tv. Kitchen area with great cabinets and all new looking appliances/utilities. Daily full room service included. 15min to meena bazaar and taxi easliy available. Hotel have tranfer service from/to airport at 75 dhm one way but local taxi works out cheaper. All excursion can be booked from the hotel but prices needs to be compared. Large Supermarket (Spineys) close by. Downside- just small reception/loppy area but is 24 hr service, local calls made from room are charged flat rate and not the best view from the balcony just other buildings.	
Jul 28 2009 	Xclusive and Xcellent	I stayed here recently with my wife, and two friends. We had a two bed room appartment. The lounge was spacious, clean and very modern in design. The sofa's were so comfortable, and we complimented by a huge flat screen tv. The Kitchen had everything you need, with complimentary water bottles on the table. As for the bedrooms, the beds were comfortable, one bedroom at a huge flat screen tv, and the bathrooms were clean.Housekeeping was efficient, and had no issues delivering extra towels, tea bags, etc.. . As for the location, it is located amongst numerous hotel appartment buildings in the Mankhool Bur Dubai area. The area is very safe, very clean and close to a western style Spinney's supermark (5 minute walk). One issue is that you won't find taxis too easily outside the hotel, you'll have to walk up to Spinney's to flag down a cab. We had a rent car, which was ideal as the hotel had a free car park.	
Mar 22 2009 	A Wonderful option for families 	We booked this 2 bedroom apartment for our short trip to dubai. The quality of the rooms compared to the price we paid was great. The apartment had 3 bathrooms, a kitchen (fridge, microwave,washing machine), living room, and a small balcony. The apartment was really spacious. Room furniture is new and clean, and bathrooms were shining. Hotel staff was really helpful and polite. The location is pretty good, as you can walk to the nearby Burjaman Shopping centre and Spinneys, but please stay away from the supermarket accross the street from the hotel, it's a total rip off!!!! Apparently the owner of that place is clearly targeting travellers who have no idea how much grocery stuff costs, he wanted to charge us 110 dirhams (around $30) for a box of candy that costs way less than that !!!!The only negative side of the hotel is that it does have a really small lobby that can accomodate a maximum of 4 people only, and Taxi drivers have trouble finding it. Make sure that you get the hotel card from the reception which has the location map on it. Other than that, I would defnintely stay there again!!!	
Mar 14 2009 	Good friendly clean inexpensive apartment - save your money for Dubai attractions	The apartment was excellent value for money. Cost 650 dirham’s per night, Atlantis 3000. The staff were genuinely willing and genuine to help us, polite, courteous, attentive and very helpful. The hotel is opposite a superette/mini market that had all provisions for breakfast etc. We were upgraded to a 2 BR apartment with 2 bathrooms and a separate toilet. The shower had good pressure and ventilation. Facilities were excellent with widescreen tv and dvd in lounge and widescreen in master br. Full cooking &amp; washing mch./dryer was provided. The room was serviced twice daily. Welcome fruit bowl was great. Location is an 8 minute walk from Burjurman Mall (expensive designer labels) and 5 minutes from a Spinneys supermkt. Major malls were a taxi fare away. 40dr to the Mall of the Emerites and similar to the Burj al Arab. Best local mall was Dubai City Mall 15 Dr. Best local shopping centre was Al Karama 10 Dr away. This has copy watches, bags and clothing. Local buses were frequent at 1 dr.	
Mar 13 2009 	Great Accomodation	Booked a 1 bed apartment, arrived very late and instantly got upgraded to two bed 3 bathrooms for 2 adults, 1 child.Staff very efficient, warm and friendly.Spacious clean rooms.Location was great for me as know the area quite well.Hotel has a small pool &amp; a well equipted gym for those that wish to endulge, however you have to make your own eating arrangements as no restaurant.Hotel is a little out of the way for eateriers but a 10 min walk is all required with a mapThanks for for a great stay	
Feb 22 2009 	Great Value Highly Suggested	Spent 3 days here. Greeted by friendly staff upon arrival. Front desk spoke fluent english and were professional. This apartment hotel is clean and safe. There were LCD screens, brand new furniture and A/C gets too cold. The area is industrial feeling and the supermarket and store across from the hotel are within walking distance but are very expensive in relation due to the exchange rate. (I am Canadian. The internet is $75 an hour which is ridiculous. Taxis are about $120 CDN to here. Overall, this is the best choice - took 4 hours of searching to find it.	
Feb 20 2009 	Xclusive is really Exclusive	Excellent Staff: We were two families with 2 adults and 2 children each. We booked a one bedroom apartment through a travel agent. We never expected a pick up from the airport, but Xclusive Hotel car was waiting for us at the arrival gate. Upon reaching the hotel, we asked for an extra bed, but they opened a room inside the apartment and did not ask for any extra money. They also included the internet without any extra charge. Getting a taxi was easy. Taxi to Deira City Center: 40 Dhs, Atlantis: 55 Dhs, Mall of Emirates: 40 Dhs. Supermarket across the street was very convenient and open till late night. If you need more variety, Spinney’s is just a short walk away. Swimming Pool on the roof can be best described as Toddlers pool for adults. However, please don’t book a breakfast included package as it is provided by nearby restaurants and not of good quality. If travelling in large group, i would also recommend the Dubai Entertainer Guide &quot;[-]&quot; You can save a lot of money. Nice experience overall.	
Feb 20 2009 	Just GO for it	Just came back today from Dubai after 4 nights in this wonderful apartment.We had taken 3 rooms on second floor (usd 600) for 4 nights. We felt like in our own home away from our home. Supermarket downstairs, Spinneys &amp; Macdonalds &amp; Bur Juman Shopping Mall 500 mtrs. Taxi not a problem. We were able to cover all the attrractions within 40 minutes of taxi drive one way like ATLANTIS, MALL OF EMIRATES and others.Indian restaurants deliver free of charge in this area BUR DUBAI and there are plenty of restaurants near by walking distance for VEGETARIANS.Our Flat (room): 1 lounge with 42 inch plasma tv, 1 master bedroom with 32 inch lcd, 1 children room, 2 bathrooms, 1 toilet, which are amazing by any standardsAll in All VALUE for your money, spend on other things and attarctions than to spend on hotel accomodation, as DUBAI is an expensive city.	
Jan 2 2009 	X-Factor at the X-clusive	I am happy to say that I finally found a decent place to stay in Dubai. The location is terrible though, with only a small supermarket across the street which sell's most things, but you will need to walk up to a Spinnys supermarket further up the road for your groceries.The staff at the hotel are excellent and very well mannered. They are always willing to help and I have not had anything go so smoothly in Dubai until I arranged things with them. So, if you are reading, well done!The rooms are fantastic, not overly big, but not small either. They are fairly cosy I guess you could say. They are very clean and even have a small balcony.. not that there is much to see outside.. but that is beside the point. All the bedrooms had a small work area, flat screen TV and ensuite! There was even a &quot;guest&quot; bathroom near the lounge area as well. The wireless in the hotel is not cheap, but it is very fast and reliable. There is a download limit, so that might effect some users. However, just talk to the guys at the front desk and its all good.There is also a gymnasium and swimming pool at the hotel. Both are located on the roof and once again, the staff there are also excellent. The gym is not overly fancy, but it is all new just like the rest of the hotel. The price is well worth it and I hope that they just don't put them up! It is an excellent place to stay in Dubai for a place to stay and be independent in, it is not really a holiday hotel where you go lounge around the pool and drink manhattans.	
Dec 2 2008 	Excellent Value	Stayed at Xclusive Apartments for 9 nights. Exceptionally good place to stay. Our 2 bedroom apartment did look like the pics posted on this website.Good bits:Staff’s brilliant. Most of the staff I dealt with are from Far East and Pakistanis, they are all so polite and helpful.Location is good (nearest Spinney’s 5 mins walk and a grocery shop opposite the building).Rooms are nice, bright and modern.Bad bits:Lack of free internet access in the building.Finding a taxi (not Xclusive fault). Probably easiest way is to walk down to Burjuman or ask the Xclusive Reception to order it for you. You end up paying extra 3 Dirhams to the taxi firm. Due to ongoing construction in the “old” Dubai (Deira, Bur Dubai, and surrounding areas) taxis prefer working in the “new” Dubai Jumeriah, Palm Island, Marina area.We experienced taxi drivers refusing fares to Deira City Centre, Gold Souk during rush hours. Tip: Most restaurants in Dubai deliver food to your door. So you don’t have to worry about being away from restaurants.We used Butterfly Tourism for several trips (desert safari, Al Ain, Hatta, etc….). It was an enjoyable experience. For desert safari the camp Butterfly Tourism use is better than FunTours. Food was great. Belly dancer was good.Dubai Metro should be running by September 2009. Until then I do not see traffic in Dubai improving.	
Sep 14 2008 	Xclusive - In it's own style!!	Only stay here if you don’t mind being away from the beach. It’s a good location to explore the real Dubai.I stayed at the Xclusive apartments for four nights in May. I have visited Dubai on many occasions and stayed in numerous apartments, but this one tops them all in my opinion. The property is situated in Bur Dubai - Behind the new Spinnys next to the Burjuman Mall. For those who are not familiar, Spinnys is Dubai's version of Tesco. Excellent to stock up on your food and drinks. Okay, concentrating on the actual apartment now - I stayed in a one bedroom executive apartment located on the 5th floor with a view of Sheikh Zayed Road. As you enter the room to your right is a small fully equipped kitchen area and straight in front of you is a small table with two chairs. Then comes the living room area complete with a sofa, chair and coffee table. The TV is a LG 37inch (I think) flat screen and you also have a DVD player. The room has floor to ceiling glass windows and door which leads you on to a good sized balcony. The good feature about the glass used is that once night falls it becomes a mirror. I quite enjoyed that ; )The bedroom comes with a very comfy king size bed and plenty of storage space. The bedroom also has a LG flat screen TV and next to it is your dressing table. Oh and also an en suite bathroom, obviously. There is also a small guest bathroom next to the kitchen. IF YOU WANT THE VIEW OF SHEIKH ZAYED ROAD THEN REQUEST ROOM 504. I have included pictures for you to see for you self. Staffs were excellent, always there when you need them. The manager at this place was extremely polite and made sure I had no problems.Okay now the few bad bits.1. The aircon in the room turns off as soon as you leave, so when you come back it feels like you have shifted to the dessert.2. There are no food facilities on the premises- its not too much of a problem as you have spinnys down the road and you can also order take away from Mcdz, Burger King, Hardees ETC. 3. Getting a Taxi is a major problem, but that goes for all of Dubai.To sum it up- its an excellent place for people who want to be away from the beach. Cheap, nice cozy feel and excellent staff.	
Aug 16 2008	Better places to stay than Xclusive	I have stayed in Dubai numerous times and I wouldn't stay at the Xclusive again. There are much better places to stay even for the money we paid. The rooms are ok although the kitchenette is very ugly and poorly equiped. The main issue is the area in which the hotel resides. Expect to get a taxi everywhere as there are no restaurants or shops to speak of that would make your stay enjoyable. Thats assuming you can find a taxi. They don't seem to frequent this neck of the woods too often. I guess it's more a residential area and those living there have cars. The pool area is very small and doesn't make you want to stay too long and if you need a towel you will need to pre arrange with housekeeping. The rooms are serviced daily but we continually ran out of toilet paper (5 sheets to the roll perhaps) and only the beds get made. Don't expect them to clean the kitchen or wipe down any surfaces. The reception is small and unfriendly. Overall on first glance it is ok, but the gloss quickly fades and having stayed at better places for similar money I would not recommend this hotel... especially for the leisure traveller wanting to get the most out of Dubai. If you do stay here, get clear directions from the hotel beforehand. Taxi's do not know this hotel and we constantly had to search for it among all the residential blocks.	
Aug 15 2008 	A great hotel!!	Me and my family stayed at the xclusive hotel apartment for ten nights, through expedia and i must say, the hotel was magnificent.Once we entered, we were greeted by the staff and recieved a complimentary bottle of water in our apartment. There was an LCD TV in the living room and in one of the bedrooms. I was also pleased to see kitchen utensils provided and thankfully provided a kettle and tea bags so me and my family could have tea every morning.The hotel also had a gym and swimming pool and rooms were cleaned everyday. The location was good as it was close by to Spinnys and fast food chains and burjaman mall and centrepoint mall.However what really made the hotel was the staff. Polite and friendly, the staff is what made the hotel more enjoyable and i like to thank the staff for everything.	
Aug 8 2008 	Excellent value and spotless	Stayed at Xclusive for 2 weeks. We arrived at 5.30am with a temperature of a very humid 36 degrees to be welcomed by a refreshing complimentary bottle of water. The reception area is very small (compared to other Dubai hotels) but the very friendly and humerous staff make it complete.The rooms have to be the best I have ever stayed in, (but it was my first stay in Dubai) very clean with towels and sheets changed on a daily basis. I cannot give enough praise for the hardworking, always smiling, nothing is too much trouble, housekeeping staff, thanks Jayson. The pool area is very clean and quiet.Xclusive is situated in Bur Dubai near the Burjaman Mall. Theres a Spinney's Supermarket at the end of the stret which is very cheap. The only downside is trying to get a taxi booked from the Hotel. I found it easier to walk to the end of the street and flag one down.All in all, i would recommend this hotel to family and friends.	
Mar 15 2008	Great value for money	Just returned from a 5day trip to Dubai. Found this place on the Internet. They just opened in December. The apartment we had (a 2bedroom on a corner) was excellent. It was also kept immaculately clean. Bedrooms are a good size and have plenty closet space. Kitchenette was complete and they give you a complimentary bottle of water on arrival. When you come in, in the middle of the night that is highly appreciated. Staff is helpful and friendly.Hotel is situated on a quiet side street, small supermarket accross the road and a bigger Spinney's just down the road. Walking distance to fabric soukh and a 7dirham taxiride to the Museum.Comfortable, Convenient and Clean. Highly recommended.	
Mar 13 2008 	New Clean and Friendly Hotel In Bur Dubai	After spending the first night in Dubai in another less than 1 star Hotel Apartment (I refused to sleep in the bed), my husband and I frantically searched for a new place. We came across this hotel apartment and went for it.When we walked into our room I almost cried, it was a welcoming 180 degree turn from the first place. Xclusive is a brand new hotel with new everything! Our room was quite large with a mini kitchen, nice sized sitting area with LCD tv, separate toilet/sink, full bathroom, and large king size bedroom with LCD tv. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. The pool on the rooftop is a typical Dubai hotel pool, decent size with a few chairs. There is a gym with new equipment too. It is a few blocks away from the new Spinney's which was convnient for groceries and near to the Burjuman Shopping Center, where we had several meals.Downside: the location for us ended up not being ideal. We were much further from Sheikh Zayeed Road (mostly due to traffic) and the beaches. Would have preferred to stay in Jumeira. Also, from a business standpoint, though the wifi was free, it had horrible connectivity. I saw many other guests complain- we had to open our door to the hallway and sit in the doorway and then the connection was Very Good. But, since cabs are extremely cheap, you cannot beat the price- around $200/night. We did not book through the hotel directly, but called the number posted on dubaishortstay.com	
Mar 7 2008	what you see is what you get	My husband and I have just returned from a stay at the Xclusive Apartments in Dubai. We stayed for 5 nights and are happy to report that what you see in the photos is exactly what you get when you walk into your room. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The location is good, it's on a main road, however there is a construction site across the road. Mind you, there is a construction site across the road in most places in Dubai. Getting a taxi was farily easy, all we had to do was walk 2 minutes to a bigger road and there was a very good supermarket 2 minutes walk in the other direction. There is also a large shopping mall about 10 minutes walk away. We would definitely stay here again.	
