Oct 30 2009 	Great value for money	We got a good deal on this hotel, where we stayed for 10 nights. The good points are that the studio apartments are clean and well equipt. They are spacious. There is a bus stop very nearby and the metro ( of course taxis are very cheap. The staff are helpful and friendly.)You must be aware though that they are building a hotel next door, and although we never heard any banging, we were on the opposite side of the hotel, I imagine it would be awful if you were right next to the hotel. I was informed that currently half of the hotel is not let out.The pool is lovely and quiet, but then it is overlooked by the builders. You do get used to this though. Take an i pod to block out the noise.The fire alarms went off at least 4 times when we were there and I was a little nervous, because one never would know if it was a false alarm. The alarms are very sensitive.We were on the 13th floor, at the very top and although I would return to this hotel , I would prefer to be no higher than the 5th floor. So book it, but ensure you are not next to the building site and you will have a super time.!!	
Oct 13 2009 	Perfect for long term visits	Stayed at the star boutique for over two weeks for business, staff were exceptionally friendly any time of the day. Rooms are clean &amp; spacious, I stayed in a studio type room which was perfect for one person. Kitchen came fully stocked with any utensil you may need. Pool &amp; gym were great, very clean and quiet at times I was the only guest at the pool. Location is good, within walking distance to Deira City Centre but getting taxis can be challenging, I recommend getting a small location map from the hotel to give taxi drivers directions as at times they were not aware of where I wanted to go (this can be common in Dubai as there are so many hotels). Overall, a great stay the only downfall is that the internet connection is very expensive if you plan to use it frequently.	
Aug 27 2009 	Gorgeous...	I recently stayed at the Star Boutique and it was amazing! It's only a 10 minute drive from the airport and the city centre.I booked a 1 bedroom apartment and it was stunning. The apartments are well equipped, spacious, beautifully decorated and very, very clean....it felt like home.The staff are friendly, helpful and work really hard to provide a great service. The resident manager is absolutely charming!I used the internet which cost only 20 dhs an hour.I will definitely be staying here again.	
May 31 2009 	I recommend it	our 3 night-stay was extended from the originally 1-night transit when we were coming from Munich. The hotel is great with its location (very central), rooms decoration, and value. The bathroom was good and with two showers area. One major advantage in Dubai's busy streets is the hotel's proximity to airport. The only drawback might be the avilability of parking lots (in case you have rented a car)	
Mar 18 2009 	couldnt be better	been around and stayed in many hotels. but this one had a feeling to make you go back. the view of the creek was stunning with all the skyscrappers in the background not to forget the tallest one 'burj dubai'. the interiors, pool, gym, very near to city center and the staff were really good. if any one wants to stay in a boutique hotel without paying big bucks, then star is the best choice in dubai. i am for sure staying with them in May when i visit dubai.	
Jan 25 2009 	Perfect for real Dubai	We stayed at the Star Boutique for 5 nights. We chose it because of it's location close to the Creek and Deira City Centre - having been to Dubai before we knew where we wanted to be. The Star Boutique is a perfect location and we were thrilled to get room 301 - a one bedroom apartment, that we had booked, with an interrupted view over the creek to Bur Dubai with a corner balcony, huge kitchen, large lounge area and everything we needed. We didn't use the restaurants, but did have room service once which was quick and the food good. Our dishwasher didn't work, but they brought us some fairy liquid and for the little we needed to wash up it didn't matter - what we left on the side in the morning was washed up when we came back in the afternoon. If you want some of real Dubai with the dhows on the creek and seeing every day normal life - this is the best place to be from our opinion.	
Nov 12 2009 	City Center ???????????		
Oct 31 2009	Business		
