	Fantastic hotel!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights at the end of October and had such a great time we booked it for our return stopover for 4 nights mid November.When we arrived on our first stopover we were really tired and just wanted to get to our room and relax as it had taken a little longer to get out the airport then we thought it would. We were offered a drink while they sorted out our room and did what ever they had to with our passports, I dont know if it was just due to the tiredness and the fact we had 2 hyper little children with us that check in seemed to take a while. Anyways once that was sorted out we were shown to our room and the manager gave us his card and said to call him direct if we needed anything which was nice of him. We had booked a Deluxe room but were really suprised when we were shown to our room and seen it....we had been upgraded to a suite which was fantastic, the room was huge, very reaxing, very clean and the bathroom was lovely! We had breakfast included which we had in the restaurant, there was a fantastic selection of hot and cold food...there was everything you could want and more! The coffe was great and my hubby and I are quite fussy when it comes to coffee!We used the pool which is on the roof, its not that big but it does the job when all you want to do is jump the kids round, the staff there were very quick to bring you towles and to clear away after people left. The pool is ment to be temp controlled but it was a little chilly but you got used to it after a while.The hotel is in a good location for eveything, taxis are really easy to get or you can use the ones outside the hotel which we did once and it was about 5dhs more which isnt much really if you just want to get where your going. If you get a taxi back to the hotel say its just before the Capitol hotel otherwise they might not know where it is or like what happend to us be taken to a differnt hotel and have to get firm with the taxi driver that it was not our hotel!!!On our return stopover we stayed for 4 nights and we were lucky again to be upgraded and this time when we got there check in was super fast. We got to our room and it looked lovely again and they had also set up two travel cots for our little boys. A few of the staff remembered us from last time and again were great with the boys, which is always nice when you go anywhere with little kids.This time as we got in at 3am we orded some room service, nothing great just a pizza to take us through until we could feast on the breakfast. The pizza was lovely and the service was very prompt.We really enjoyed our stay here and would recomend this hotel to anyone who was going to Dubai on business or for a stopover. I think if you were staying any longer than a week you would want to be in a more &quot;holiday type hotel&quot;, especially if you had little kids with you.The only thing that I could say about it which wasnt great was I had no where to plug in my straightners next to a mirror....to my hubbys delight as we got out the door 30 mins quicker!!!!!Ohh and the bed was really good, and even better knowing they are new!!	
Nov 20 2009 	excellent hotel - excellent service - excellent value for money	stayed at the &quot;gold swiss-belhotel dubai&quot; for a few nights in nov09.first impression -&gt; very impressivelast impression -&gt; very impressiveroom very comfortable, clean &amp; practicalrestaurant (kebab connection) - very friendly service, excellent food, comfortable ambiencelocation - very convenient, central - easy access to most locations in dubaibest about this hotel is the staff - always willing to assist, very courteous, well trained, etc (no arrogance as in many other 5star hotel)will definitely stay at this hotel again on my next trip to dubai	
Nov 10 2009 	Excellent value quality and service	This place is as pleasant as my fellow reviewers describe. I stayed here for a weekend in early November and it didn´t feel like soft opening any more, everything was smooth. Reception was always friendly and efficient, as was staff at the door which was always quick to flag down a cab (no problem since major road in front, which is, of course, also a downside). Breakfast was absolutely outstanding with egg station, vast choice, friendly and efficient staff.The lobbly area is well designed, brand-new and spotless (there were 2 employees cleaning when I checked in at 2 a.m.!). There is a business center with free internet. There is also a cable in the rooms (which I did not use since I didn´t bring a computer). I had a single room which wasn´t huge but adequate size. The bed and pillows were quality, as were the bathroom finishings. Large TV. Very pleasant decor (see pix). Complimentary water bottles every day, which is a nice touch.While the area is not nice, the location geographically is smack in the middle: taxi rides (at night admittedly) from and to the airport took a mere 15 minutes, to Jumeirah Beach Park 10-15 min, 15 min to Dubai Mall and I guess the same to the center (where I didn´t go).The only (minor) downsides were: the location itself is totally non-descript, dusty highway with nothing much in the vicinity except the few shops described by previous reviewers; there is absolutely no view from the rooms or the breakfast room; no complimentary shuttles were available (airport, beach, malls, but taxis in dubai are very cheap); the size of the pool. These things would have otherwise caused me to give 4 stars instead of 5, but the excellent opening-rate outweighed this. All in all, it is very good value for money and I recommend staying here.	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent value clean hotel in good location.	This hotel only opened on 1st October and so everything was shiny and new! We were able to check in at 8am and the staff were friendly and welcoming without being overbearing or &quot;tip-hungry&quot;! The room was a good size and was spotless. We were supplied with emergency toothpaste within about 30 seconds of calling reception and a problem with our safe was sorted out immediately. Room service was super-efficient and delicious. The small gym and pool were adequate but not ideal for spending the day at. This hotel is an excellent base for people who want to explore the city as it is ideally situated at equal distances from Jumeirah Beach, Dubai Creek, and the main shopping malls. (We travelled by taxi to all these locations but didn't pay very much). The only minor drawback for us was that the alcohol license had not yet been issued but was due any time.	
Oct 28 2009 	EXCELLENT	I went to Dubai on 15th to 23rd October, for my aunt's birthday and my Partner birthday. We had such an enjoyable time at the Gold Swiss Belhotel, this hotel is on Al Mina Road, Bur Dubai. The taxi from the airport cost 40dhrs which was roughly £7.00.Going to Jumeriah beach it cost only 17dhrs. (£3.)When we got to Dubai, there was a lot of traffic with people awaiting taxis, but it was quick, not alot of the taxis know the hotel, so in the end we had to tell the taxi drivers Capitol Hotel which was next door.Got to the hotel at 11pm, and our luggage was taken into the hotel, went to reception and we had to give in our passport, they scan our passport and returned them back to us.We was shown our rooms, (room 328) they was 8 of us in the group, all our rooms was upgraded, as they had a soft opening, and they ask if we paid by a certain time they will upgrade us.I had an Executive Suite as it was my partner birthday. Which consist of a bedroom with a Samsung 32 inch TV, a bathroom with a bathtub and also a shower unit, scales was also in the bathroom with toiletries? There was a safe in the wardrobe, also slippers and iron and ironing board in the wardrobe as well. They were also a living room with a settee, 2 armchairs and a mini bar. Another 32 inch tv, clock/radio with an alarm on it. There was a kettle, with tea coffee and also complimentary water every day. There was another toilet with a hand basin in there. About 10 minutes our luggage was brought to our rooms.My aunt's birthday was on 16th and when we got back there was a lovely birthday cake awaiting for her, and also on 22nd they was a nice laid out table with cake, and dates, and water, which was for my partner Room service was excellent, as we always required ice.Staffs was always polite with a smile on their face. Restaurant Manager (Premi Negi) was outstanding.Breakfast in the morning was excellent Hot and cold breakfast, with an omelette station and fried eggs, how we wanted them.The gym is a bit small, the pool is also small with only 4 sun loungers and about 4 tables with 4 chairs round them, and ashtrays.There were always clean towels on the table or on the sun loungers.The bar was not open as yet, as they have not got their alcoholic licence on time for opening. Gold Swiss-belhotel was opened on 1st October 2009.Across the road there are two restaurants, be careful how you cross the road as it is a busy road. Around the corner left or right there is a supermarket and another restaurant, they do deliver.Up the road on the same side of the hotel is a big gym, and also there is a billiards, pool tables which closes at 4am.From there you can see an express Carrefour supermarket which is inside a brand new mall. Going up to the right you will see so many restaurants and different shops.There is a good Market nearby Al Karama shopping, which you can get good things, it called a market but there are shops. I bought all my gifts there instead of the big malls.We had a lovely time at the hotel and will return back next year with more family and friends.Thank you to all the staff for an excellent stay.	
Oct 28 2009 	Good choice	We've traveled the world this trip and have stayed at two Belhotel properties. They are well maintained by any standard. This one is fairly new and rooms are modern, cleanand well appointed. Hotel is not centrally located and transport is not cheap in this city...but it is priced right and well worth the investment.	
Oct 24 2009 	Enljoyed it really value for moeny	Hello all, Found on TA that Swiss Belhotel opened in Dubai and they had special rates for opening. Booked through their website, and stayed there for 4 nights (18-23 Oct).Location is in Mina Road, just before Capitol Hotel, driving toward Jumeira road. The location is good for those willing to go to beach and the newer parts of Dubai, as well as keeping an eye on older parts like Souk and Deira. It is really in the borders of these 2 parts. Also if you are on business, World Trade centre is very close, as well as the Shaykh Zayed Road. for me, the location was great.They have a basement parking, for those hiring a car, and do not like park under Dubai sun.In the area, in walking distance you will find a small grocery, a domino pizza, a couple of pharmacies, Korean restaurant, and 2 Indian restaurants. If you walk like 5-10 minutes, you will reach Dziafa, which is full of fastfoods, you can find everything there plus a couple of shops for menswear.The hotel area is not very nice, or modern, but almost everything is close.There is a very tiny pool (5X5m) on the roof, which is good only for a rest, do not think of swimming there. the tiny gim is also there plus 3 massage rooms, which were not working yet.Lobby is big, 3 restaurants are located in the lobby, one for breakfast and some fancy foods, one special Kebab restaurant and one for drinks (which was not still opened during my stay). There is also a business center in the lobby, where you will find 2 desktop computers, fax, copy, for your use. A piano is also in the lobby, from which I didn’t hear any sound, hopefully later, others will do and enjoy.Rooms located on 2 west and east wings, My room did not have a good view (wall of the neighbor :-)) and I doubt other rooms did too. I had a Deluxe room, which was big, clean, equipped with a king size bed. I had a safe box in room, internet connection by cable with an acceptable speed, easy to connect. Coffee and tea facility, also iron and the table was there.During my period of stay, it was only 20 days after opening of the hotel, so I felt they were not really ready for the opening, but the existing staffs were really helpful and trying so hard to make all of guests satisfied and happy, which in my opinion is very important.The only point on had here, was the sound from street, which did not stop, even when I changed my room from one wing to the other.Bath was bigger than normal size, equiped both with a shower area covered with glass, and a bath tube.	
