	I would recommend this hotel as it offers good value for money with very friendly and helpful staff.	It was our first time to Dubai and we were uncertain where to stay as it is very spread out. After hours of research on the internet, we decided on the Jumeira Rotana. The hotel is in a very good location, the city taxis are cheap enough so you can get to all the places of interest quite easily. The Boston Bar was good fun, plenty of sport if you like that, but they also do a quiz there and have a DJ who will play any tunes you ask for. The price of food and drinks there are on a par with other hotels and the quality is good. The Boston Bar have a brunch on a Friday and that is always good value for money. The service in the hotel is very good, the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are spacious (we had a standard room and it was a good size for a weeks stay) and very clean. The hotel supply complimentary tea and coffee in your room and a small bottle of water every day. Mini bar is expensive, but there is a small supermarket around the back of the hotel where you can buy soft drinks and nibbles at reasonable prices. Our stay was room only and the hotel wanted 75 dirhams per person for breakfast so we found a couple of cafe's behind the hotel where we could get something cheaper. The Pilipino cafe has an american breakfast (you have to ask for it) at a reasonable price. There are many other cafe's so there is a bit of choice. The pool area wasn't brilliant, although the hotel do bring round fresh fruit kebabs (free of charge) which was lovely. The pool is clean but the sun bed cusions are a little grubby, but you get clean towels supplied so you can cover the cusions up. Overall we were very happy with our choice of hotel, we would recommend it and would stay there again. Dubai is a very expensive holiday destination and this hotel offers great value for money.	
Nov 16 2009 	Great value hotel and a good base for getting around	I stayed in this hotel for 5 days in early nov 2009. It was a last minute booking and I didn't have much time to research the area. I decided to go with a hotel which i felt was reasonably central. Dubai attractions spread across approximately 30km however as the roads are superb no area of Dubai is more than 25 mins away. The government metro taxis are very cheap. This makes it easier to stay in good value hotels a short taxi ride away from the beach area. Avoid the non-metro cabs as they will charge up to 3 times more per journey. This hotel has large simple adequately furnished rooms although views from your room will not excite. The pool on the rooftop is more than adequate and is big enough to swim laps and the gym although small has everything you need. The food in the hotel is really tasty and good value. The hotel has a bar called the&quot; the Boston bar&quot; which would not have been to my own taste. It does however show English football matches if that interests you. The money I saved in staying on this hotel enabled me to spend money on activities like skiing at the mall of emirates which is fun, afternoon tea at the burj 7 star hotel, dining out at fine restaurants and the desert experience which is a must. I definately would stay at this hotel again. The staff were very friendly and helpful and rooms clean. In all I had one on the most enjoyable holidays of my life and I am well travelled.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great renewed hotel see review for some tips!	I stayed for 11 days at the Jumeira Rotana Hotel. The hotel it's almost completely renewed: the rooms are spacious (I stayed at a premium room) and modern, bathroom great and the lobby it's very nice. If you are interested in making use of the pool, not the best hotel choice as this part of the hotel is old and not nice at all. The sunbeds are old and the mats have stains and are quite disgusting. The gym is small but has everything needed. Breakfasts are excellent!!! Staff is very helful and cheerful. The well-known Boston Bar is inside the Hotel, awsome atmosphere and beers!Location it's just ok. For me the nicest area to stay is Burj Dubai, near the new Dubai Mall. Nevertheless the hotel is at a good location. We will pay 20/25 dirhams to go to de Dubai Mall and to the beach.Talking about the beach: at the hotel are going to offer you to go to a private beach shared by various hotels. The tariff is quite high. Instead you can go to the Jumeirah Beach Park, a lovely and calm beach, and you will only pay a fee entrance of 5 dirhams. Around the corner of the hotel you have a little market where you can bay staff so you don't consume the expensive mini bar.Don't take the hotel cabs are twice as much as the regular cabs that you just have to wait for 5 minutes.Others: go to have some drinks to the Burj Al Arab Hotel at the Skyview Bar (booking needed), enjoy a desert safari and shop shop shop at the amazing Dubai Mall.Overall, I would definetely recommend the Jumeira Rotana if you are not going to use the pool!!!	
Aug 31 2009 	Lovely	All the staff were great but the guys at the pool warrant special mention; cold towels three times a day, nothing too much trouble and even fresh fruit kebabs before Ramadan started. This is real service - a great location and fantastic value. Step outside the hotel and walk around a bit and you'll be rewarded with some real life. Close to Billy Blues, the beach and handy for almost everywhere.Just make sure you get an officially sanctioned hotel and not one of the cowboys hanging around outside the hotel. Special mention to the housekeeping team too.	
Aug 29 2009 	More Bang for Your Buck!	The Jumeira Rotana thoroughly surprised me. Upon my arrival to the hotel, the check in desk was prepared for my arrival, and check in was extremely easy. The staff at the hotel is top notch!! I can't thank them enough for their hospitality and great attittude.Once I made it up to my room, again I was extremely surprised with how roomy the room was. For a solo traveler it was huge! The bed was comfortable and the view in my room 316 was very nice. The location of the hotel to my main reason for being in Duba (dive certification) was perfect. There are two bar / restaurants in the lobby, and both were fantastic. The Brauhaus- serves German cuising and is nice for dining family or a couple. Boston is pub style and is a great place for entertainment, especially if UK sports are your thing. I have come to appreciate cricket and futbol :-) On the 3rd floor you will find a lovely area to have breakfast, which can be done outside on the patio area.On the 5th floor you will find the gym center and pool / cafe area. The whole area is well kept and the staff are friendly. Plenty of lounge chairs to grab sun! The pool is clear and refreshing. There is a smaller pool for children as well.Overall, my stay at Jumeira Rotana was the best stay I have had in Dubai, UAE.I highly recommend this hotel for anyone traveling through Dubai and wanting to stay at a wonderful hotel with 5 Star service at 3 star prices.!!*be advised that the hotel is going through some renovations , so you will hear some working going on during the day time, it didn't bother me as I don't get a hotel room to stay in all day!!!!!Thanks for reading.Scuba J	
Aug 9 2009 	Great Hotel the best value for money in the city!	This is a fantastic hotel, in Al diyafa street. This mean that u're 10 minutes from the beaches on Jumeira and by taxi it will taxe about 10 dirhams (2 euro) to go to the see.The hotel is perfect, especially the Boston Bar downstairs if you like Burgers and beer!The staff is always friendly (I asked to the receptionist if it was possible to have a late check out, since my plane was leaving at 11 pm. He told me that I could have stayed in my room till 8 pm without paying anything!)I really enjoyed it!	
Jun 28 2009 	Huge Rooms excellent housekeeping and guest services.	My husband and I stayed here for 2 weeks and the service is superb - from the helpful doorman to the front door and housekeeping staff. The rooms are cleaned daily and beds are changed daily too, fresh towels, toiletries and bottles of water magically appear too. The rooms are huge and our double room also had a couch. Internet connection is available in the room at a cost of 50AED for 3 hours and 75AED for 24hours (1 hour also available but I can't remember the cost) and a big plus is that you can login and out during the period unlike a lot of hotels we have visited here. My tip if you need to surf is the 75AED 24hr card (some hotels charge much more). Oh, there is also a PC room in the lobby and the staff kindly faxed 12 pages of a document to the UK for us at a cost of 90AED - not sure if we could have had it faxed cheaper outwith the hotel.There is lots of wardrobe space and a safe in the room as well as mini-bar, kettle and mugs and a fridge which we found very useful. Nothing is too much trouble to the staff such as delivering yet another internet card to your room or an iron and ironing board. The bathrooms are spacious and currently being upgraded but I didn't get to see any of the new ones. TV is huge with 47 channels (English, German, French, Italian, Russian, Turkish, Arabic and Indian) including BBC Prime, Euro News, CNN, Fox/Star/Super Movies, Animal Planet, Nat Geo and Discovery etc.etc.etc. The room also has a DVD/CD player. We ate in the Boston Bar twice and really enjoyed the food (and I'[m a fussy eater), they do a Friday Brunch too. There is also a German Brauhaus Restaurant (didn't get the chance to try it out but it's bound to be great) and we saw the pool and gymnasium but didn't get the chance to try them out either as we have been too busy doing other things. Very happy to have stayed in this lovely hotel.	
Jun 27 2009 	Five star service four star price	Don't be put off be the residential houses opposite! This is a fantastic, friendly and welcoming hotel, the staff are what made the holiday for us. We have a 3yrs old daughter who was treated like a 'princess' by all the staff.... although Rotana is an international chain this hotel cares like a family business. Location is not the best but with Taxi prices so cheap, who cares. A special mention to Abdul Salaam who is a local chauffeur with his two-hour air condition lexus tour of dubai (£40) compared to the 'big-bus company - £60 for 3 people is well worth spoiling yourself with.	
Jun 14 2009 	Awesome Experience	I had visited Dubai Recently for a business meeting with a client. I stayed at the Jumeirah Rotana Hotel. It has a great location. It is just 10 minutes away from the airport. It is near the city center where there are shops and restaurants. It is also close to tourist spots like the Jumeira Beach, Grand Mosque, Dubai Museum, Wild Wadi Water Park and Palm Islands. I had an early flight but they allowed me to check in early. My room was really large and looked nice. The bed was comfortable. It was also quiet and I had a nice view. The bathroom was clean and the toiletries were really nice.Breakfast was excellent. The buffet selections were delicious. It was served on the top floor and we had a nice view.The other restaurants in the hotel were great value for money. The food were all delicious, had generous portions, and were reasonably priced.I enjoyed swimming at the rooftop swimming pool. Service was exceptional. The staff were very helpful and friendly. They were courteous and efficient. They were always willing to assist me with anything, like making reservations and getting taxis.I had a wonderful stay at the Jumeirah Rotana Hotel. It’s a great value for money. I would highly recommend it.	
Jun 11 2009 	Great hotel not so good location...!	I booked this hotel as a &quot;top secret&quot; hotel from Lastminute.com. Reading the reviews, I was nothing but delighted on our purchase at a discounted price as we saved ourself around £300 on the advertised price on lastminute.com if booked knowing what the hotel was! Only bad thing was lastmintute advertised this hotel as being 5 minutes from the beach, when in fact it's around a 15 minute drive.The hotel itself is situated just off one of the main roads - Al Washl. Easy to find once you know the area. We rented a car for the first few days - the hotel let us use the underground car park. The hotel is based on the other side of Dubai, so getting to the main attractions (i.e. Palm Island, Atlantis Hotel, Emirates Mall, Wafi Mall, Jumeriah Beach etc) is a bit of a mission and can clock up the meter in a cab. Ohh another thing is BE CAREFUL WITH CABBIES! Use the Dubai Cabs as these are regulated whereas the private ones jack up the prices because they tend to be flasher cars like Lexus's and double the prices. Plus I found that these cabbies didn't know where they were going half the time and circled the areas, stopped and asked for directions...So be warned! The hotel will order any one of these cabs unless directly asked. We learnt our lesson the hard way!The room we had was a twin room with city view. I can't say it was much of a city view, as I saw more the outside of the hotel with residental area and a few blocks from the city towering over them in the distance, than the city itself. The room however, was lovely. Massive in fact! We had 2 queen sized beds, a mini fridge, 6 door waredrobe, chest of drawers, long desk, sofa, and table. Having read the other reviews before I left, I was prepared for the mini bathroom, but in fact the size of the bathroom was fine! Again, Decor was something people mentioned as a negative, but I thought the overall look and feel of the hotel and my room was quite nice really! Some people just expect the Ritz when they pay for less!!! It was all quite nice!The swimming pool was ok - I'm 5ft2&quot; so having the pool's deepest point at 5ft was fine. I think taller people may be a bit miffed! There was also a gym, sauna and steam room in the hotel. On the same floor, there is a five dine restaurant. Didnt eat there, but the food looked nice and reasonably priced.Dubai itself was a great stay and great experience. Having been so far out from the city, I think next time I would stay in the Internet City part of Dubai - as it is closer to all the main attractions. This hotel is good if you do not like the husle and bustle of city life.	
May 27 2009 	Value for Money with one of the most spacious rooms in the city!	Jumeira rotana offers you one of the most spacious rooms in Dubai. The rooms are clean and housekeeping service efficient. The rooms are simple with all basic amenities available and you will not find any hitech equipments or jazzy interiors.The choice of F&amp;B is decent with a German restaurant and a Boston Bar and a coffee shop which serves themed buffets everyday of the week. The Boston bar is frequented by lot of Expats who enjoy watching games over a mug of beer. The room service menu is not exhaustive and become repetitive if you are staying for long, be careful while placing orders and do not forget to have it repeated as they tend to make lot of mistakes. Room service has ample scope for improvement. The pool side is decent and you can also enjoy a game of table tennis. A small gym with sauna is available.If you are bored with the hotel food just venture out and you will find loads of restaurant of all budgets with good food.Taxis are hard to get as in all places in Dubai so be sure to book a hotel taxi in advance for going to important events, they charge a bit more but worth the money.Staff is pleasant and friendly.	
May 22 2009 	Second Time at the Rotana one of the best 4 star in Dubai	Simply: one of the best hotel to go in Dubai.Good service: housekeeping, in room dining, pubs downstairs, rooftop poo, everything is perfect. You will find good people to meet and a very good staff. They will always help you quickly.Great location: the hotel is in the fashionable al Diyafa, and if u take a taxi is 10 minutes to every destination you want (like the Mercato Mall, the Jumeira beach park, the sea or the other malls on Sheik Zhayed Road)Good rooms: they're spacious, clean and up to date. Every morning u can ask for in room breakfast and they bring you newspapers for free.	
May 21 2009 	Recommended Hotel	Loved the overall ambiance of the hotel and all staffs who wears a smile everytime. They work very hard to make you feel at home, a pleasure to stay there.	
May 15 2009 	Superb hotel- would highly recommend	We stayed here for 3 nighrs on return from Australia. It was booked with a discount via Last Minute.com. The hotel is pleasant, modern and spacious. Our room was very large and comfortable and although the bathroom decor is slightly dated it was plenty large enough and clean and bright. The complimentary mineral water, robes etc and toher services and little touches in the room made it special. The service in the hotel is excellent and the breakfast was well worth the extra £15 each that we paid. It was probably the bext breakfast buffet we have had quality wise. Location was not an issue. You could walk to the beach in about 15/20 mins but I would not recommend this as it is along busy roads and the taxi fair would be minimal. Other attractions can all be reached easily in a cab as Dubai is large you will need to use taxis anyway and these are reasonably priced. Use the usual local taxis reather that the plain ones that are sometimes outside the hotel and you can be ushered into these. These are a little nicer cars but cost a bit more ! The rooftop pool is pleasant enough for 1/2 an hours sun and swim at the end of a busy day. Would definitely stay here again- would highly recommend- great price if still on Top Secret hotels!!	
Apr 3 2009 	Clean if a bit tired rooms. Bar smoky but reasonable value for Dubai	I’ve stayed in a few Rotana hotels, all I would say five star. This is definitely 4 star. The rooms are clean but not out of this world in design (the lighting is terrible if you want to read a book!), and the bathrooms are fine, but not top quality. Maybe I am being a bit harsh, as I am used to Rotana hotels being either brand new or really 5 star – but I am sure this is a good 4 star hotel.Location is not bad, pretty much in the centre if you want to get to either Bur Dubai or Diera, and only 15 minutes by taxi to airport – that is if you travel on a Friday or middle of the night; any other time is probably 45 minutes as Dubai traffic is terrible.I paid via a travel agent in UK, and got a reasonable deal of just over 550 AED including taxes – better than calling direct and being quoted 575 plus taxes.For business travel, and if you don’t want to spend a fortune (compared to many Dubai hotels), very good value. Having said that, as of April 2009 many hotels are cutting prices in Dubai because of the credit crunch, so shop around.	
Mar 9 2009 	Excellent hotel.. excellent and friendly staff... conveniently located... more like a 7 star...SUPERP	HOTEL AND STAFFReally fantastic hotel... Hotel was centrally located, close to restaurants and beach (approx 10 minutes drive)....the staff couldnt have been more helpful and friendly even if they tried. I felt like it was a 7 star hotel ... I would definately go back again. Why would anyone want to stay in a higher rated hotel when you get the exact same service and far friendlier people in the Jumeira Rotana.The Boston Bar is great for biz networking - great place to meet both locals and expatriates.Prior to my trip, I spent 7 hours (yep 7 hours) searching for hotels and reading comments in trip advisor... There was not one thing wrong with the place... I would 100% recommend it to others.TIPS - If you are after the beach, use the hotel shuttle to jumeirah Beach Park - entrance is 5 AED, to get a sunlounger and umbrella, it will cost 25 AED. DO NOT pay 150 to go to the private hotel as recommended in the hotel - i was told that the beach is small and not that great. The Jumeirah Beach park is safe enough for solo female travellers...I think the success of the hotel is due to its courteous, helpful and friendly staff.... cant wait to go back.	
Mar 4 2009 	could not fault this hotel highly recommended	my boyfriend and i stayed here for just over a week and a great time. all the staff are very friendly and provide an excellent service. the boston bar is a lively spot and is nice for a few drinks at the end of the day. the food in the bar is also good, we ate there many times.the rooms were more than substantial a very nice size and very comfortable, the bathroom decor is a little dated but not a big issue.the restaurant is very nice and the food is gorgeous and they also offer a buffet deal which is very good value.the door staff will offer you a private taxi, these are twice as expensive as the normal taxi, we just walked around the corner onto the main street and hailed a taxi. this never took very long at all.the hotel also offer a free shuttle to the beach which is very handy, also the rooftop pool is a nice spot to relax.overall we could not fault anything during our stay here. the hotel and the city were amazing!!!!	
Oct 7 2008 	Good all rounder	On a secondment for work, I 'moved in' in July and left in September. Good solid business 'holiday inn' style hotel. To be honest, once in the room - i didnt got for a room at the front as i was told it can get a wee bit noisy - you could be anywhere in the world. I was in a standard room which was fine. The lack of TV channels was annoying at times - there are only so many times you can watch Dalziel and Pascoe on a loop. The room was kept immaculately clean and nothing was too much trouble for the guys that looked after my room for me.Internet access is good and chargeable by the hour. Whilst i was there it ranged between 25dhs an hour to 300dhs for a week. Being here during Ramadan was no problem, the staff were considerate and discreet - serving fresh coffee in the restaurant for those of us who couldnt wait!The Pool was wonderful and much needed during the height of the summer, the pool staff were attentive and always made sure i had plenty of cold water......If you are here for a couple of weeks, stock up with goodies from the supermarket around the corner, as the soft drinks, choc etc from the mini-bar can soon mount up. Again, for anyone staying for a while there is a Boots too, so i needn't have bought a load of toiletries 'just in case'.So, if you want great service, consistently good and varied food at a reasonable price and you dont mind grabbing a taxi to go anywhere (i will caveat this by saying some of my colleagues insist it is only a 15 mins walk to the beach with a couple of nice cafes along the way - in the heat of August i decided against trying it!) then this is great value for money, friendly hotel. You can spend the money you save in the Gold Souk! :)	
Sep 28 2008 	great experience at Rotana	Room was large, very clean and comfortable. Staff was friendly and attentive. A bit off the beaten path so flagging down a taxi was difficult. However, with 10-15 minutes notice, the hotel staff was able to call and arrange for a taxi which promptly appeared by the time I reached the lobby. Much road contruction in the immediate area made travel by foot and taxi difficult. Breakfast was a continental buffet with omelets made to order- very good food and service. There was a safe in the room but no clock; had some trouble with my international plug set and housekeeping quickly brought me an adaptor. Restaurant open for breakfast, lunch and dinner- even during Ramadan. German restaurant and Boston's restaurant only open in the evenings during Ramadan. Boston's had the best burgers and fries. Some reviewers had commented the bathroom was dated so I attached a photo. It was large and clean and met my needs. It does not appear to have been remodeled at the same time as the rest of the room and was not as modern. Nice pool and workout facility. check out hotel's website- I found it to be helpful and accurate. Wired internet access (not included) in the room. only 5 floors so not crowded and large like Hyatt, Sheraton, or other large hotels. Two free bottles of water in the room daily- and there was a mini bar with drinks and snacks.	
Jun 8 2008	Good hotel good location	I spent a long time online trying to find a hotel for my 6 night stay in Dubai in May. I really needed to be close to the Jumeira and Sheykh Zayed area of Dubai but could not afford the huge price tag of the hotels in these areas. I also wanted to avoid the traffic on Sheykh Zayed as and when. So the location of this hotel was really good in that respect. There were a few routes available to and from the hotel so the taxi drivers could avoid most of the traffic. The hotel was also close to the Deira area although I didn't really venture out there. This is a 4 star hotel and it is a reasonable 4 star standards. The rooms are spacious and clean but dark. There are no cieling lights and because my room faced another buidling at the back of the hotel, I couldn't really keep the curtains open for natural light, so that was a little challenging as I like good lighting.The bathroom is fine although agree with other reviewers that looks a bit dated and could be brought up to better standards. I never dined at this hotel except for room service breakfast which was fine and reasonably priced. The room service menu is almost 24 hours a day and to me seemed like a good menu and good prices.I did have a look at the hotel's top floor restaurant and pool area and they seemed to match the overall standard of the hotel.There is a small business center next to the reception with 2 PCs, internet access and a printer and it is available free of charge to guests which was very handy for me and a nice gesture.Another point re the location, the hotel itself is on Al Diyafa street, where you can find a KFC, couple more restaurants, a baskin and robbins, and Al Ansari money exchange.I found the 6 night stay as a special price with expedia costing about £110 a night, breakfast not included. Although still not cheap but this was one of the best hotels I could find for that kind of money, so I was very pleased with this deal. It is possible to get a room here for around £90-100 at certain times of the year.If you are after beach access, the hotel will, for a fee, arrange a visit to Dubai Marine beach resort. This resort is only 5 mins drive away from the hotel and although houses many of the bars and clubs for nightlife, the beach area of this hotel is tiny and really not the best Dubai has to offer. So if you dig a bit deeper in your pocket, you can go to Oasis beach hotel at the Dubai Marina to get the best of the beach and a buffet lunch, 2 towels each, changing room facilities, sun loungers, for 240 DHS before 3:30 and from 3:30-5:30 pm, 140 DHS (per adult). The area next to this hotel is a free beach, but obviously you don't get any of the above, but the same lovely sand, water and views. I also wouldn't recommend going on the desert safari through Funtours. This is the safari the hotel uses and the whole trip was lengthy, tiring and boring. The food was great though. Use another tour provider if you want to go on the desert safari. Final note on the hotel, the staff are friendly and polite and overall a pleasant hassle free stay in this hotel and ease of access to areas I wanted in to visit in Dubai.	
Jun 4 2008 	High Quality Hotel	Lovely hotel, friendly staff and excellent service. Our room was nice, housekeeping came in the morn to clean the room then back in the evening to check if you needed anything more. the Boston Bar has an excellant service, the food is really good. the only problem with this hotel is its a good 20mins drive from the main tourist attraction area.	
Jun 1 2008 	Decent hotel - nothing to get excited about	We stayed at the Jumeriah Rotana as part of a two destination honeymoon - coming into the Jumeriah Rotana was a bit of a disappointment at first as given the name of the hotel we did expect it to be somewhere near the jumeriah beach but actually it is a good 15 minute taxi drive. The hotel area is a modest high street which to its credit has some nice places to eat - but don't expect the luxury dubai experience here - the shopping mall near by was very tired and hardly had any decent shops. The room we had was very spacious and it looked like they had an early 2000 &quot;contemporary&quot; facelift but the bathroom decor was quite dated - although everything worked fine and didnt have any problems with the facilities. We didnt use any other services (pool etc0 apart from the internet access which was always available when we needed it. Overall - an average hotel which lacked any of the dubai wow factor but certainly not a resounding dissapointment - for travellers on a budget I would reccomend it.	
Apr 29 2008	business hotel nothing more	This hotel is a good business standard hotel in a moderate shopping area of small shops and restaurants (mainly Indian and Lebanese). It has a tiny swimming pool on the roof which is not a quiet and restful location owing to the air conditioner vents! The rooms on the back face directly onto the back of an office building and get no sunlight or natural light at all. The rooms, however, are impeccable, service is excellent and the buffets are splendidly varied. It can be hard to get a taxi as the hotel entrance is on a back street. No windows open at all and there are no balconies. There is no garden.	
Apr 20 2008 	fantastic experience	This hotel must be one of my most positive experiences ever! I have travelled a lot over the years but this hotel with the wonderful service, spacy rooms, delicate bathrooms and wonderful breakfast bouffet, good fitness room, good meeting rooms and a nice little pool on the roof with the most charming service - I even had my back rubbed with sunscreen by the friendly staff! The only thing not so nice was the air conditioning in the halls and reception is extremely effective - I froze a lot. You had to dress warm to go inside as a rule though. Outside 40 degrees c, inside, 18 degrees....They even have a Bavarian restaurant with real Weisswurst and Semmelknoedel!	
Apr 9 2008 	Disgusting Housekeeping	First of all, do not let the name &quot;Jumeira&quot; fool you, the hotel is nowhere near Jumeira road or Jumeira Beach. Secondly, If you contact the hotel staff by phone, write down the name of whoever you spoke with, especially if making reservations. My wife called on April 1st to reserve a babysitter for the evening of the 5th. When we checked in and asked the manager about it he said no such reservation was made. So we spent our first night in Dubai in bed watching T.V. That isn't even the best part. On our second day my wife noticed long black hairs under our bed sheet. I lifted the sheet to notice the entire bed was covered in hair and dirt. Absolutely disgusting. They also tried to pass off an open Evian bottle with a different color top. It was obviously opened and missing some water, but housekeeping left it there for when we checked in.When I brought the pictures to the manager's attention all he did was move us to the substandard &quot;executive suite&quot; for our last night. That was our compensation. It was just one night and it was a hassle to move, but we needed a clean room so we took it.I will never stay in a Rotana Hotel again.	
Mar 13 2008 	Friendly nice comfortable convenient	I stayed at the Rotana on business for two weeks and was very happy. The staff is exceptionally helpful and friendly. The rooms are spacious and well appointed, the internet access is reliable and fast. The TV is kind of limited, but big surprise there. The view at night from my room was fantastic - the mosques were lit up in the distance and it was beautiful.While I did partake of room service for coffee each morning, which as a note was excellent, delivered quickly, made just how I wanted it each time, and reasonably priced for room service (not to mention the lad who delivered it was very nice), I did eat at a number of the restaurants in the area - most of which were excellent. One nice thing about the location is that there are a number of really good restaurants within walking distance that range from cheap good food, to moderately priced good food. There are also several pharamacies, a small convenience store, a mall and a number of other shops within a short walk.Parking was fine, I just generally parked on the street outside the hotel.The only downsides are Its hard to catch a cab there during &quot;rush hour.&quot; It took me about 15-20 minutes one day and I got lucky as I grabbed a cab as he was headed for the public restrooms down the block. Traffic can be really bad (not noisy, the rooms are quiet), but congested trying to / from the highway. However, its better then the downtown area of Dubai, where traffic is worse. The roads in Dubai get jammed up real quick, so plan time for road trips. There is not a lot of sightseeing to do within walking distance. You will need to take a cab.Overall, I would recommend this hotel strongly to anyone who wanted a nice hotel in a decent location. Especially for a business travel.	
Mar 8 2008 	Fantastic Location but Poor Transfer Arrangements	The room was massive and they will allow you for an early check-in depending on occupancy. We arrived early and had early check-in by 10 a.m. Excellent!!Hotel staff were friendly, but poor arrangement for airport transfer company which the hotel has the contract with. When we asked hotel to arrange our airport pick-up for 4 adults and 2 children, they charged us per head. They told us to contact &quot;United Car Rental&quot; counter at the airport upon arrival, but the staff there provided us with a car (4 seats) and expected the 2 young children (ages 6&amp;7) to stand or kneeled down with the luggage with no seat belt. We asked them to provide the sufficient car which we expected a minibus or a van instead. We had to wait for half an hour outdoor at the multi-storey parking in front of the airport. The driver was very rude and we had to ask them to arrange a proper vehicle with enough seat belts for everybody. They said why we were so fussy and had a problem with these as the kids can stand or sit on the knees. We ended up had 2 cars. When we checked out the hotel still charged us for 2 cars which was more expensive than charging per head for this which was not our choice. We denied to pay for the second car. We also asked them to arrange for the transit visa (supposed to be free but you pay only for hotel handling service) and they also put double charges for that at the end. Be careful....trying to check all the hotel bills before you pay.Food was nice and got more variety for breakfast. Good location for lots of restaurants and local supermarket nearby....better than staying in hotels on Jumeira Beach which takes miles and miles to go anywhere and you can only eat inside the hotel. Heavy traffic during rush hour every where. We went to the restaurant in The Burj Al Arab Hotel (you need a booking prior to arrival). It was fantastic. Tourists cannot get into the hotel without bookings. Overall Dubai is ok... It's like you can tick in the box once you have been there...done that. And that's it...finished!! Not many things to do as much for family with young children, but it's a good experience and we don't regret we have been there.	
Feb 26 2008	Very Good functional hotel in a good location	Having used trip advisor many times to get a 'feel' for accomodation I feel somewhat compelled to contribute and write a review that may be helpful to others.Stayed at the Rotana in february 08, overall the experience was excellent helped by the extremely helpful and friendly staff. I would describe this hotel as business like, efficent, functional and does exactly what it says on the tin.There are two reasonable priced bars in the hotel and many great eateries may be found round the corner on the main street. The restaurant on the fith floor offered a good choice of well presented food at a resonable price. The room itself was quiet, spacious and clean though the bathroom grouting etc would benefit from abit of upgrading. The roof top pool was warm and water clarity was good, however the grouting and scum tide around the pool was personally a little off putting. The area itself is quiet and relaxing with very helpful and friendly pool attendants.Notwithstanding the almost irrelevant negative comments without cuncation I would not have the slightest reservation in recommending this hotel and would certainly stay there again.	
Feb 3 2008 	Good Hotel for Relaxing Break	Stayed here for 6 nights, rooms are spacious with comfortable beds. Bathroom was fine but could do with a little upgrade to bring it up to the standard of the rest of hotel. The Boston Bar has great food and excellent lively atmosphere in the evening. The staff could not do enough to make our stay enjoyable. The restaurant on the top floor offered a great choice of dishes for all meals. Each night had a different theme. The hotel is situated in an area where there is an excellent choice of other places to eat. Would advise travelling around in a taxi, they are very cheap. It was just too hot to walk about during the day. I would stay here again. Dubai is an excellent stopover location or if you want guaranteed sunshine to top up your tan.	
Dec 14 2007 	Good Location Nice Rooms	We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights on a transit through to Sri Lanka. The staff were extremely nice and helpful, the rooms were lovely (although the bathrooms were a bit dated), a decent buffet breakfast - everything you would expect from a 4* hotel. TIt wasn't far to the main attractions via taxis which are dirt cheap (the most you will probably pay is £5 for a 45 min taxi journey. There are also some lovely restaurants within walking distance. The only slight negatives are that there is a loud bar full of middle-aged, loud ex-pats downstairs where the food is not great and that the pool is quite small and very warm!! Not great for cooling off in the heat!We booked on asiarooms and got a good deal.	
Dec 2 2007	OK hotel	The hotel was OK. The room itself was nice and big, but the bathroom did not live up to the 4-star rating. The vanities were in poor shape; missing tile grout was replaced with caulking. The service was good. The Boston Bar had excellent cheese burgers for a reasonable price. The hotel has access to a private beach for a fee of 50 Dirhams. Wish there was WiFi coverage in the room, but it was only in the lobby. The hotel has a swimming pool which we didn't use.	
Sep 28 2007 	good hotel near to good restaurants	This hotel is lovely. The receptionists are helpful and all staff smile and greet guests as and when they see them. The rooms were really spacious although the bathrooms were a little disappointing in design but the main thing is that everything was clean! my sis and I shared a room and had a tiny problem in that the AC seemed to be set to 15 degrees whenever we left the room so we would be cold for at least half an hour while we waited for the room to heat up which was bizaare considering it was 45 degrees outside. my mum's room did not have that problem so we must have had a dodgy ac. The rooftop pool although bit small was perfect temp and also never got too crowded. was perfect way to relax after long days of sightseeing and before dinner as the pool would stay open til 10pm.its a good place to stay for those on a budget as there is a street full of restaurants just a 2 min walk away where you could have a feast for about £10 per person. We did all the main sights in dubai and travelled everywhere by taxis which are air conditioned so we werent affected by the severe heat outside as most of the things to do in dubai is indoors. the malls are great - must do in dubai are afternoon tea in the burj, wild wadi park and mall of emirates including ski dubai. for a bit of culture go to old dubai which includes the gold souk and have a ride on the water taxis as they were great!Overall to do the above be prepared to spend money but its totally worth it!ooh and dont forget to save some money to spend in dubai duty free as its has loads of stuff at good prices!	
Aug 20 2007	Highly Recommend	I agree with the other reviews. Probably the best deal in Dubai if you want to be close to the city and the airport. Taxi fare is very reasonable from here.It's very attractive, the staff is very attentive (they sent a cake for my daughter's birthday) and the rooms are nice and comfortable. The FIVE restaurant has a great assortment for breakfast and omelets cooked to order and a variety of specialty dinners in the evening. The Boston bar also has good food with healthy portions.The bellmen make sure your wait for luggage or a taxi is minutes at the most.The area surrounding the hotel offer just about anything you need as far as dining and everyday conveniences. All within walking distance.If there is any drawback it would be a small pool but those staying here probably aren't interested in that.I highly recommend this hotel. I will be staying here frequently.	
Aug 2 2007 	great hotel	We have just returned form Dubai where we spent five days in the Jumeirah Rotana Hotel. The Staff here were very friendly and helpful- they wrote my name for me in Arabic which I used to get inscripted on a silver chain. The porters were always on hand to call a taxi -we waited no more than two minutes for one. The rooms were lovely and spacious and always very clean. Even though there was a bar on the premises we never heard any noise from our room, we found the area to be very quiet all the time. The hotel pool was on the rooftop, we only went there once or twice and there was never many people there. We went to the Jumeirah Beach Park for sunbathing as it was only 15 dirham in the taxi and 5 dirham per person entrance fee. If you wanted a sun lounger, which you would as the sand is very hot it cost 15 dirham each. You can go to a private beach at the Dubai Marina beach hotel and spa which was lovely however, it cost 100 dirham each as well as fifteen in the taxi. Don't use the hotel phone it cost us 110 dirham to make a four minute phone call to our parents in Bulgaria. We really enjoyed Dubai, the architecture is amazing. The hotels are out of this world especially &quot;The One And Only Royal Mirage&quot; and the &quot;Mina A Salam&quot;. These are very Arabian in design and nicer than the Burj Al Arab in my opinion. There are a lot of shopping malls. The better ones are the mall of the emirates and the Madinat Jumeirah which has lots of restaurants. It's great the way our hotel had air conditioning as did everywhere in Dubai this time of year.	
May 29 2007	Great Find!	Stayed here in April 2007. This place is a real find. Great location, clean spacious room &amp; reasonably priced by Dubai standards. Accommodation included breakfast which was a buffet feast with loads to choose from &amp; enough to keep one going until well after lunchtime. Staff were helpful &amp; friendly. Would highly recommend.	
May 22 2007 	Excellent Hotel	Have just returned from Dubai. This hotel is very good, the staff are excellent &amp; very friendly, the rooms are spotless, and large.The food at the Boston Bar was fantastic. I have to say I cannot fault anything about this hotel is was excellent, would stay here again.	
May 18 2007 	Very Pleasant Stay	I booked my stay at the Rotana using Asiarooms.com. I stayed here 9 nights with my wife. Most of the reviews will confirm my experience at this Hotel. Although not 5 star it more than lives up to a 4 star rating with large spacious rooms, kept very clean with all the facilities you can expect. The location was very good more or less within a stone's throw of all the main attractions in Dubai (taxis are relatively inexpensive). The staff were in particular very pleasant and courteous. Breakfast was great. The gym was fully equipped with modern equipment though was not surprisingly empty most of the time. The pool on the top floor was a great plus, albeit on the small side, it was sufficient to burn some calories consumed the previous night and then chill out on the deck chairs. The only negative was that the AC in my room was slightly noisey, but then again it didn't stop me from sleeping.All in all a great stay and I would come here again.	
Feb 17 2007	NIce Hotel		
Oct 16 2006 	Good hotel but some renovation work		
May 31 2006	Fantastic!!!!		
May 22 2006 	Nice quiet hotel		
Mar 22 2006 	Excellent Hotel		
Mar 5 2006	Wow! What a hotel!!		
Jul 21 2005 	Bella Vista		
May 2 2005	Dodgy Restaurant!		
Oct 14 2008 	??????????		
Sep 6 2008	Juni 2008 Dubai Trip		
Jun 25 2008 	Klasse Hotel ruhiger als Sheik Zayed Road		
Oct 10 2007 	Buon 4 stelle		
