Mar 12 2009 	Helpfull Staff	For the price it was what I expected. I arrived late (3am) due to a delay in flights but the guy at reception was understanding and helpful. The room was quite large and the air-con worked and was not noisy. The bed was comfortable (Double) and clean. The Bathroom required a little TLC but everything worked and the water was hot. In the morning, the wake up call was on time and they will take you to the airport for 40 Dirams. No waiting for Taxis.Overall it was good value.	
Feb 24 2009 	I will never stay again	I was in the hotel for 4 days with my friends. The lady on front desk is not really help full.Rooms are very small according to money. Breakfast was the worst they mix tang in the water and give you as fresh juice. Only one lady and a guy are working in the resturent. The give you south Indian food for break fast. Every morning we have to go and tell the lady that dishes need to be fill in. In the night time is to noise. Cleaning guys had a smiling face but never did there work.	
Nov 22 2008 	Worst hotel ever!!!	This is a hotel to avoid if you are visiting Dubai. Rooms are in urgent need of updating. The linen are dirty. Even though when they are changed.... still contains other peoples hair. I stayed there for two weeks and the linen was only changed once. The toilets were never cleaned. The room was never hoovered once. Even putting the sign outside my room to clean the room was ignored for two weeks. I got food poisoned after having the buffet food at the restaurant. Whatever you do... avoid the food at the hotel restaurant. Getting them to call for a taxi is a nightmare. They fob you off and eventually when they do call for one it will be like 2hrs later. One night they kept me waiting for an hour and did not have the decency to tell me if they had called for a taxi or not. I got into an arguement over this and the duty manager stepped in. He himself is a rude and arrogant person. He ordered his bell boys not to open the doors for me everytime i came in and out of the hotel. Ever since that arguement, they never called me a taxi if i ever needed one. Luckily, I made a friend locally and he had a car. This meant I never needed their service for anything. I used the hotel only for somewhere to sleep at night. If I hadnt of paid in full, then I would have definately moved to another hotel. A refund was not possible either. The lifts also smelt very foul. At night it was very noisy and was blasting out music till 4am in the morning. The windows were broken which meant the room was boiling hot and you could not sleep much at night because of the road and construction noises. The air con did not work and after complaining many times I just gave up because they were not interested in listening. Its centrally operated air con system which meant they have control over it. The overnight stayers from the club caused so much disturbance. They would constantly scream, shout and slam the doors. I think you get the image of this hotel now and I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Even if you were a single male. Please avoid this at all costs!!	
Dec 27 2007 	Not Bad	There seemed to be a very big disconnect between Travelocity and the Hotel; once that was fixed I was pleasantly surprised. As expected the hotel is for cost savings seekers, but was very clean, the staff was excellent, I had no disturbance from the club. If the Panorama wants returning guest to re-book with them, I suggest they answer emails sent inreference to that very subject. Because of their failure to answer my inquiry I will not book with Panorama again...FranklinTexas	
Dec 1 2007 	drunk driver	Hotels looks OK from outside, staff is friendly, but when we booked a taxi, we've got a drunk driver. Rooms are cold. Inside is old furniture and bathroom need a good refurbishment. hotel is very far from the beach.	
Jun 26 2007 	Bedbugs!	The front desk people were nice and efficient, the other staff very friendly, the room and bathroom appeared clean and tidy. It was only when we decided to hit the sack that we discovered that the bed was literally crawling with bedbugs. I dashed downstairs to the reception to report the problem and we were moved with no fuss into a triple further down the corridor. The beds there were bug free and we had a decent sleep. The breakfast next morning was OK too. So we've mixed feeling about this hotel - the price and location are hard to beat, but the bed bugs are nasty creatures.	
Apr 20 2007 	Looks OK from the outside.....but	Arrived at 3 in the morning to find it chucking out time in the club in the hotel, i expected that as I had read the reviews, what i had not expected was the backhanders the receptionist was taking from the arabs who were wanting a room to entertain their latest pick-ups! All said and done i was given a room on the 4th floor, at the end on the hall on a corner. 3inch gap between the door and the floor meant the light outside beamed into the room, however that did not effect my sleep as the aircon was louder than the following nights disco and the overhead planes. I know i booked a cheap and cheerful and i had read the reviews but i have never felt so uncomfortable, tired and concerned about safety in any hotel i have ever stayed in! I stayed there for 2 nights with my 13yr old and i would recommend for male adults only for safety reasons. OK area during the day, easy access to anywhere in Dubai from there, Taxis outside the door.	
Apr 12 2007 	Caution Advised	This is a very basic budget hotel, If you want a quiet night I recommend getting a room on the 4th floor because there is club blasting music out until 3-4am usually populated with asians. The rooms are not the best with mould round the bathroom, however the bed was clean. It came to my attention that this hotel catered mainly for men. Which did not make it feel safe for me and my wife. The staff were friendly even when they had initially messed up the booking by giving us a room on the 2nd floor when we arrived, not the 4th as I requested. I do not recommend the food, it did not look appealing. This hotel you get what you pay for.	
Feb 26 2007	(--) up place	One of the lousiest hotel we have stayed in our life. The front desk lady ( Ms. Sunita) was kind enough to give us two room s- one 1 hr. late, another 3.5 hr late after stipulated time. No water to drink, you have to buy water bottle and pay 6 dirhams instead of 1 dirhams. Breakfast is pathetic, stale bread, instead of Juice some Tang, fruits only watermelon, old vegetables. The dirty hotel with full of mouse. The room boys are unhelpful and only try to fleece you.  The bar is also bad place with only fat aunties gyrating to some hindi songs.. So if you want to experience hell , liked to be cheated and enjoy the fleecing by others please check into this hotel and ask for Ms. Sunita.	
Jan 30 2007 	Cheap budget hotel with a few minor problems	The bedroom was clean and compared to a Travel Inn back here in the UK. The bathroom required a refurb, the bath tub was cracked and patched up with silicone and the tub edges were a bit mouldy. When the shower was in the holder it sprayed the water onto the opposite wall so you would have to hold the shower. The aircon didn’t work in the room and luckily it didn’t take them long to fix. The room has a television and a small fridge which was ideal to store cold drinks. The television has about two English channels and several Asian channels. But you don’t go on holiday to watch television. The breakfast room is on the first floor and once again the area was very clean and tidy. The only complain I had about the breakfast was food range was limited and orientated to Asian food. For dinner we ate out all the time as there was a number of restaurants within walking distance of the hotel; McDonald’s, Burger King, Fish and Chippy, Pizza Hut, Chillis and Nando’s.There are two clubs on the ground floor and one on the fourth floor. From reading previous reviews I requested that I wanted a room on the second floor as the clubs can get a bit noisy. The receptionist could be a little proactive - the day before the last day I placed a request with reception to order a taxi to the airport. On the day of checking out I asked if they booked my taxi and they said no, they couldn’t get through and tried several times. We ended up flagging down a taxi from the main road, which took 30mins. They could have told me this a bit earlier as we got a little delayed for checking in at the airport. At the checkout we also found that someone had booked drinks to our room. We said it wasn’t us and the lady at reception was happy to have it removed.Overall I was happy with the hotel and the service. Other tips...There’s a Big Bus Tour that’s similar to the red tourist busses you get in London. We bought our ticket from reception. The tickets are valid for 24 hours and there are two routes, one takes you on the city tour (red route) and the other goes up to the beach passing the Al Burj Arab hotel (blue route). Note that the opening hours for the big bus are 9-5 so it maybe best to use the ticket in one day.At the Gold Souk you will probably get approached by a number of people of asking if you want to buy fake watches, hand bags or DVD’s. We had a browse but didn’t buy anything, they lead you down some back alleys to a room so don’t be alarmed.We booked a car for the day for a bargain price from a shop round the corner. The driving can be a little chaotic at times so bare this in mind if you decide to hire one. The excess on the car was 2000 DHS so it can be costly if you do have an accident. The hotel offers a free parking so leave the keys with the car valet person.Prices of some services (something to compare too)Metered taxi to Panorama from the airport- 29DHS Metered taxi from Panorama to the airport- 14DHSMetered taxi from Gold Souk to Panorama- 10DHSCar hire (round corner from Panorama) / Mazda 6 - 100DHSBig Bus Tour - 150DHS	
Dec 3 2006	worlds worst pick-up joint.	This is 'the' worst place ever. It is a dirty disgusting pick-up joint!As soon as you walk into the bar after about 6pm, you will be visited by numerous amounts of woman, asking you if you have any requests!!!!!! If you know what i mean.The rooms were disgusting, the music from the club below bellowed until the early hours, filling the whole hotel with unbearable noise. If you are single, have little or no money, and dont mind sleeping it (totally) rough in Dubai, then this is the place for you!	
Sep 21 2006	Clean and comfortable	Clean, comfortable, good location, friendly staff, at a reasonable price.	
Sep 1 2006 	what an excellent hotel	i have just got back from a week in dubai at the named hotel, having read some good and bad reviews for this hotel i was a little cautious. on arrival i was delighted as the hotel was well located, had a lovely foyer and the customer service we recived from all the staff was excellent. The brekfast provided was perfect and the restaurant was immaculate. The lunch and dinner (which had to be paid for worked out at less than £2.50) in the restaurant was also very good. The rooms were spotless perhaps slightly tired but very comfortable. There is a nightclub on the ground floor and i was slightly worried about the nosie before i arrived, but we were allocated a 2nd floor room and i could not hear a sound!!!	
Apr 24 2006	Super!	Everything was O.K.	
Apr 3 2006	Don't go here	This hotel was very disappointing. Despite advertising airport pick-up our request was totally ignored. We found it impossible to stay in the first room we were allocated. It was very stuffy and the air conditioning which was nearly non-existent did not do anything to help. The window had been screwed down and was impossible to open. We asked to change rooms and the second room was inhabitable despite the cracked sink and leaking bath!. A fellow guest with the same problem decided not to stay at all and checked out immediately to go and find another hotel. The working staff were anxious to help us, especially in the restaurant where the food was good value for money, but the management was very poor. This was an experience we would not wish to repeat.	
Apr 3 2006	Good value / Rude incompetant management	This hotel is a bargain. Great price, good location. Very clean, attractive restaurant w/good food(if you like Indian cuisine). However the management is terrible. Two of us were travelling together. I arrived and checked in am no problem. Left a note for my colleague who w/arrive late pm. I SAW the reservation and the desk staff (the only competant management I saw)acknowledgewd it. However by the time he checked in later that night the reservation had disappeared. They denied it even existed until he produced his conf email. Our travel agent had guaranteed them.) He had to be transferred to their sister hotel in Bur Dubai, causing us to be late for our meeting the next am. The duty manager was adamant that they were not at fault. To make matters worse the next evening a female colleague stopped by for a drink and dinner after our meeting. The same DM was on duty. We were hounded to provide her ID twice, since they didn't like the first one. Their implication was clear to all concerned, including her. Suffice to say that racial profiling was going on. She was highly offended, as were we. Their demeanor changed when they learned her nationality and occupation. Ugh! The GM was never to be found to discuss the situation. Disgusting behavior. On the plus side, the rooms are quiet and suprisingly nice - much like a US motel , very clean, attractive modern furniture &amp; decor,, comfortable beds w/ good linens ,w/minibar, cable TV, and room service. But beware the management, and get a confirmation fax from them in advance.	
Jan 19 2006	Avoid it if you can	This is a very disappointing hotel and represents poor value for money. Okay, it might be less expensive by normal Dubai standards but you can't help getting that 'ripped off' feeling. I have read other reviews that said the rooms are small. That is an understatement. It appears clean but is badly in need of basic maintenance and decoration. The basin in our bathroom was blocked and we had to share with a cockroach but the hot water was plentiful. Most staff were friendly and helpful but one was quite the opposite. Our advice would be pay a little extra and avoid this one. It has the potential to take the shine off your holiday.	
Apr 3 2005	What we thought........	A 2 star hotel with better facilties than some 2 star hotels in Europe - eg prompt room service. The rooms were small but clean, the staff were friendly and helpful. The buffet breakfast was less than plentiful, but there was a very cheap buffet lunch for 14 Dirhams.It is a short taxi ride from the Gold souk or the bus stop is about a 5 minute walk away.Do not confuse this hotel with the Panaorama Dubai Hotel a sister hotel on the other side of the creek, rather dubious clientele at the &quot;pub&quot; there every night and it was very noisy. Very large rooms here but no hot water and dirty towels. Also good room service.	
Jan 14 2009 	Gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis		
