	Value for Money	I stayed twice in the month of November, what attracted me initially was the location. It is in the city center and most of the good shopping malls are nearby. It is within walking distance from the Dubai metro, which connects most of the Malls. rooms are clean and good size. Normally prices between AED 400 - 600, it is truly value for money.Tips: check internet for best prices.	
Nov 26 2009 	Average Hotel.... No much frills	Located in downtown. Close to the airport. The check in was smooth. Lobby is average. Furniture in the lobby look tired. They have a restaurant (Coffee shop) adjascent to the lobby. Rooms were mediocre. I had a road facing room. Small. Not well maintained. House keeping services poor. Bathrooms just average. Amenities of average quality. Buffet breakfast was ok. Food was average. There was a Indian Club on the ground level. It did not look professional. Overall a Average Hotel.	
Nov 12 2009 	Clean friendly staff	The staff were very friendly and obliging, spacious room, quite clean. Generally worth the money. In room email access, loads of tve channels	
Nov 12 2009 	Good Value for Money	It is a small, neat and clean hotel with big rooms. Staff is courteous. Swimming pool is located on top floor.It is located close to airport - 15 minutes drive. Deira City Center is just 15 minutes walk or 5-10 minutes by Taxi. For those who want to shop in City Center, it is quite a good option. However, if you plan to go to the Mall of Emirates or Ibn-e-Batuta Mall then of course you should not be staying in Deira part of Dubai. I didn't take any meals there and can not comment on the quality of food. But my colleagues were reasonably satisfied with it.Overall it is a decent 4* hotel.	
Oct 21 2009 	My Stay at Avari Dubai Hotel	The 1st thing I noticed about this hotel is that it was clean and neat. The beds (double) were big (and I couldnt get enough of rolling from one end to the other). The staff was ever eager to help and polite. However, I didnt experience the 'wow' effect for a 4 Stars hotel. Basically, it is a good hotel.	
Jun 15 2009 	Convenient location- close to airport	I booked a triple room at the Avari hotel, Dubai. I had to catch an early morning flight so I chose this hotel for its proximity to the airport.The rooms were spic and span and spacious.The hotel staff was quite friendly and gave us some useful information. The hotel gives good value for money but if you are on a shopping spree in Dubai, then this hotel will not suit you as it is quite far from the main shopping malls.	
Jun 6 2009 	Friendly staff	We stayed at the Avari Dubai Hotel for one night. The hotel is close to he airport and since we had to catch an early morning flight, it suited us fine. The staff is very friendly. The rooms are neat and clean and welcoming. though a bit small. The only drawback is that it is not very close to the Dubai Mall and the Mall of the emirates so shopaholics might find it inconvenient.	
Apr 1 2009 	Average	i stayed here for 3 night.the room was cleanand nice, but the food was 2-3 star.	
Oct 6 2008 	Huge bed	A very beautiful and clean room with a huge bed! We stayed only for a day while waiting for our flight.We ate lunch at the hotel , there was a big buffett with a lot of good food.I remember that the reception and all the staff were polite , the room was clean , with new furnitures , comfortable and we were fully satisfied from the hotel.	
Feb 21 2008	Stay here you get complimentary PROBLEMS!!!	We are a big group tour. We booked 41 rooms at this hotel during 15-18 FEB 2008. Every room is confirmed by hotel. We also checked with hotel again on the morning of Feb 15 and all rooms are confirmed. We arrived hotel at 18:00. Front office Manager told us that he had only 25 rooms for our group and the rest 16 rooms must be kicked out!!! Also, they give us the reason that it was SYSTEM ERROR!!!What the hell are they doing? Nobody came to solve our problem. We tried to call GM, Director, and Sales Manager but nobody came to meet our group.Also, staffs were very poor. Most of staff are Indian and Philipino. They kept us waiting since 18:00 - 22:30 without any apology. Finally, we moved our group to other hotels. They don't even help us anything. TERRIBLE STAFF &amp; SERVICE...If you don't want to ruin your vacation or business trip in Dubai, DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT THIS HOTEL. There are so many good hotels in Dubai now.	
Feb 20 2008	Average by all meaning!	Everything is almost ok,except the &quot;noise&quot;.If you don't be careful in picking your room,the noisy disco of this hotel won't let you sleep before 3 in the morning.also,the staff are a little rude ,specially in dinning room.	
Feb 5 2008	Loved the staff	Personal care by staff.	
Oct 27 2007 	It was the wrong choise	well where shall i start , when you ask a member of staff for something and they can not do it , he/she will say ( the common say ) what to do .......... !!!!!!!!!!!! . The breakfast room looks like a big mess with tables full of used plates and so on and on . I will never stay at this hotel again unless there are improvements	
Mar 25 2007 	Excellent value for money	The Avari hotel is situated in Deera - Downtown Dubai.I have stayed here on my last two business trips to Dubai and will stay again. My travel agent has been booking me for $150 USD per night This hotel is great for business travellers on a budget. Its location to the airport and other business freezones make it a convienient palce to stay.On arrival you will be met by the award winning turban wearing doorstaff with a big smile. Front desk staff are polite and super efficient.The standard double room i had on the 6th floor was spacious with two armchairs and small table. as well as a desk for working at and 24 houur internet connection for about $10 per day There is a mini bar, tea and coffe facilities, good wardrobe space.The bathroom is clean and large with a Bidet. they also supply a range of complimentary bathroom products.The staff at the hotel always ask you how you are? and want to help you. Other facilities at the hotel include a good sauna and steam room. A very good indonisian masseuse and a small roof top pool ( this has never had more than 3 people sitting at it ) The Breakfast buffet is good with an omelate counter there is a real bussle about the place in the morning.The Stags head bar is a bit of a joke - it really is soemwhere to have one drink while you decide where you are going out in Dubai.There is an Indian Bollywood club - which has to be seen to be believedThe Avari is not a destination hotel- it doesnt pretend to be - but for a business trip and when you can go to the other hotels for a visit. I recomend the Avari as a very good friendly hotel	
Mar 21 2007	A reasonable alternative	Sorry that &quot;Pierre&quot; wasn't &quot;Lucky&quot; in his stay at the Avari, which is a part of a Pakistani chain.. I was there the following week and I couldn't have been happier. Once upon a time one could stay at the Hyatt or Sheraton or Inter Con and still have a few dirhams left for shopping, but now Dubai is as over-the -top as London, Paris, or Tokyo, and the hotel prices are just ridiculous for anyone not on an expense account. My travel agent booked me here, and I found it to be a great compromise between the 5 stars I yearn for and the 2 stars I dread! The rate was quite reasonable. My room, unlike Pierre's was was spacious, but not hugh, with a great king bed, flat screen TV, and all the stuff that makes a hotel comfortable. To me it was comparable to a Holiday Inn. I was pleased that the H/AC functioned to perfection, since I needed both during my stay. The bath was suitably marblized, and the paper was a nice morning treat. I had also worried about the nightclub noise which vexed poor Pierre. Although the lobby was a bit raucous, the noise didn't make it up to me on an upper floor. The pub was actually quiet enough to do some work in My major disappointments were in the expensive room internet and an inferior albeit pricey buffet breakfast (runny scrambled eggs!). Room service was better. Service was good, and the reception were very helpful. I'll be back. It's not Dubai's most posh, but it is a place where I think they will remember yu form one visit to the next. Fancy trying for that at one of the ultra-luxe Burj wannabees!	
Mar 11 2007 	Very Noisey!	I stayed at the 2nd floor, very noisy until late during night because of the indian club... I couldn't rest at all... Location not very good because of the trafic around the area. Room ok but quite small.I will definitely choose another hotel next time and I won't advise it to anybody. Value for money is not.	
Jan 2 2006	loved it	Everything about the Avari was good. I loved it all. The staff was more then kind, everyone from the staff in the resturant to the security in the parking.	
Sep 11 2005	HAD A GREAT STAY AT AVARI	We stayed at the Avari as touists for one week and it was lovely, before my booking I requested that I be given a room on the no smoking floor - this is a must if you do not smoke - we had only paid for a standard room but as the smoking floor is deluxe rooms we were upgraded free of charge. The rooms are spacious and clean and very comfortable. We were on bed and breakfast and the breakfast has something for everyone - croissants and cake, waffles, fruit and yoghurts, toast, cooked breakfast etc. The restaurant can get busy at breakfast time and the staff are sometimes not forthcoming with the tea and coffee.... The reception staff are pleasent enough and the hotel deserves its four stars. Now the gripes - the pool only has 4 sunbeds (which we did not use much but even so), there was insufficient clean towels by the pool and the pool bar was totally unmanned. The gym which we went to use could only be used by women between the hours of 11am-4pm which when you are on holiday you don't want to do - we needed it at 8am but oh no It was men only - we were not allowed to use it even though it was empty.... For a tourist its a great location and we never paid more than GBP1.50 for a cab across the city. On the whole if you are not going to spend masses of time in the hotel (which we didn't) - I recommend this hotel its great value for money and they also offer a free daily shuttle to the beach which is in a lovely location and is the cleanist beach I have seen and shuttles to various shopping malls during the evening.	
Jun 12 2005	Not bad at all!!!	I stayed here for 3 nights in October 2004 + the rooms were pleasant + spacious. It is more suited to the business traveller rather than leisure. Staff were friendly + the only gripe I had was that there was no separate no smoking section in the restaurant. I have no idea why anyone would class this as a 2 star. I guess some people are just miserable!!! I have also stayed at the Madinat Jumeirah + Hatta Fort which were super luxurious. Avari isn't as luxurious but is clean + has all the amenities you would expect from a 4 star hotel.	
Apr 21 2005	Horrible!!!!	This place was horrrible! After a long 12 hr flight we had to put up with loud arabic music parties that went on (everyday) from 12 am-3amSound proofing is real bad in the hotel.The room was ok, small with dirty carpets (stained). Not a very pleasant smelling room...bathroom was decent.The buffet breakfast that was complimentary in our hotel package was not the greatest, I found myself eating croissants and watermelon only.Due to this inconvenience of our first night we were bumped up to a suite room, which reeked even more! Even leaving the windows open and spraying perfume did not help.Staff is kind.They call themselves a 4 star hotel rated my emirates airlines, but I would say a 2 star.Not even worthy of 3 star. And they charge a rediculous Amount per night. ..we paid $113 a night since we booked thru emirates airlines but their charges at the reservations desk per night were $300 for a standard room!!!I do not reccomend this hotel, thank god we were only there for 2 nights and then had reswervations for another 2 nights at the crowne plaza which is a superior five star hotel, and lives upto it! We loved the crowne plaza, its the best! We would definately go to the crowne on our next visit! We could not get availability for our first 2 nights in crowne plaza otherwise we wouldve stayed all 4 nights at the crowne plaza. We also bought our hotel accomodation for the corwne thru emirates airlines, since they offer disc if you fly with them. And it was $150 per night for a gogeous standard room with compl breakfast incl, and the breakfast was out of this world! It is worth it!!!The prices of these rooms will probably be cheaper during other seasons since mar-may is peak season for them.Hope the review helps! Good luck with the hotel search!	
