Jun 8 2009	Got what I expected	Expected 3 star service/amenties, and I got 3 star service/amenities. The service was good and we had no issues commuicating with the staff. They booked our dinner at the Burj Al Arab and other tours for us without any hassle. A bunch of travellers were in the room next door partying and being loud one night and after a chat with the Hotel Manager things got resolved real fast which was good to see.Breakfast was 3 stars like expected. Free continental breakfast with eggs, beans, toast, crossiants, potatos, sausage, etc. You can order omelettes and they'll cook one up for you right away. Only issue I had with the hotel was that it's not near anything spectacular since it's located in Old Dubai. You can walk to the Gold and Spice souk, but other than that, the rest of the attractions are in new Dubai, so you pay about 20 AED to take a Cab into New Dubai where everything's happening.	
Sep 28 2008 	I always stay at the Lords	When traveling through Dubai I always stay at the Lords. I have tried a lot of other places more expensive and sure they where more upscale, but, for my money the Lords is great. Breakfast is a bit on the different side but remember you will not get sausage and bacon anywhere in the Middle East anyway. Breakfast consists of Toast and beans, cereals, fruits, deli meats, cheeses, scramble or fried eggs, potatoes and so on. Rooms are spacious and clean, nothing fancy.This is just a good, quiet place to stay and the employees always treat everyone great.Douglas G.SandmanSports	
Jun 11 2007	Great Hotel	We stopped over in Dubai for 2 nights on our way back from Oz and found the amenities excellent, great breakfast, lovely bedroom with good sized beds.Roof top swimming pool was excellent. Trying to book again for next February and looking forward to great hospitality again.	
May 5 2007 	Not Good	This is not a good hotel!! It is only a 2.5 star max.The location is in old Dubai which features very few of teh post card spots that you want to visit in Dubai. This is a run down part of town that is very noisy especially at night as there seems to be a fashion of every driver in town beeping their horn even late at night. The hotel is also run down and stinks of stale tobacco. It is full of oafish and surly Russians and it is definatly true that they get prefered service by the staff.The food is rubbish, and if you are compelled to stay here you simply must eat away from here. The Breakfast is very limited and was cold every morning we ate here.The pool is ugly - just don't bother.English is not understood here and we simply gave up after a while - we even had to take it upon ourselves to hail cabs. All in all this was a poor experience and poorly reflected Dubai and its luxurious excesses. I would absolutely recommend that if you are going to Dubai then pay more and go for something close to Jemeriah beach (where all of the action is). The only things worth seeing in old Dubai are the Gold markets and teh museum - this can be done in 3-4 hours.Tip - best restaurant in Town is Meat Co. Look it up or Google and make a reservation before you go - you won't be disappointed.	
Oct 28 2006 	Highly Recommend	I have stayed here many times, and personally I have found the reception staff quite accomodating and helpfull, the location is fantastic for the price range, its 35 dirhams from the airport by taxi but free hotel transfer when you leave, I never have breakfast in the hotel so cannot comment but often have room service in the evening which is very good and cheap. The rooms are very large, if they are empty try for a corner room where you really get a lot of space, The roof top pool is small but refreshing and usefull if you just want to catch a few rays without visiting the beach. Be aware once you put on suntan lotion though they dont like you going back in the water! The staff throughout the hotel are friendly and internet access is availble in reception .. free for first few minutes if you just want a quick check otherwise nominal fee for an hour. Must have missed all the Russians, seen a few Indian families though. If you are a businessman and want a city hotel just as abase I highly recommend it.. for families treat it as a usefull stopover place its not a hotel I would spend a week on a family holiday. Lastly there is free overnight parking accross the road practically otherwise ample metering during the day if you feed the meters.	
Aug 22 2006	Friendly Hotel in Dubai City	We stayed at Lord's in June 2006. Its a great hotel for seeing the city, away from the commercialised Jumeirah Beach. Staff are friendly and helpful, rooms VERY spacious and comfortable, room service excellent and the roof top pool is ideal for cooling down after a hot day's sightseeing -staff will bring cold drinks and towels for you. Close enough to walk to the vibrant Dhow Wharfage and the Gold Souk. If you really must go to the beach, the hotel provides free mini bus transport every morning, returning in time for lunch. Taxi rides to the shopping malls are cheap. All in all, we thoroughly recommend Lord's Hotel.	
Mar 5 2006	Clean and Comfortable	Stayed at Lords Hotel for 3 nights. Rooms are large, clean and have very comfortable beds. Roof pool good. Breakfast ok. Friendly housekeeping staff if indifferent reception staff. Cheap, good restaurant for lunch. Good location, close to the Creek and 35dms taxi from airport etc. Frequented by europeans, arabs and by russain families who appear not to have the ability to smile on their holidays, (must have been lack of snow). However they're loss, great place for a short stay, clean comfortable and good price!	
Dec 23 2005 	Russian Hospitality	The Lords Hotel in Dubai was a pleasent experience. The hotel's location is perfect in what I might refer to as the old CDB of Dubai near the famous bank building and in easy walking distance to the souqs, including the gold souq.I would not discribe the hotel staff as friendly but they were not unfriendly.One notable feature of the hotel is that it is populated by Russians - this is notable because a lot of the services ie breakfast and tv etc have a distinctly Russian feel.The room I stayed in was very nice but typical of chain 'western' hotels. Certainly the room was clean although the roof top pool was not pleasent - go to the beach instead.I would reccomend this hotel if you can get a good price.	
Dec 29 2004	Not the best!	The room attendants at this hotel are teriffic, if you ever go there tip them big time - they deserve it. Reception staff seem to give precedence to their Russian guests, as this is a predominantly Russian hotel. I found russian fellow-guests rather cold and unfriendly, they insisted on staring at us at the Breakfast table and always pushed in at reception, using their language to their advantage.In terms of security and cleanliness, I must give this hotel 10/10. There is a safety deposit box at reception, which is reliable for storing cash and passports. Breakfast was basic but ok. You get a free shuttle service to Jumeirah beach and back - which is a boon.Hotel was very awkward and unhelpful whenit came to assisting with wife's visa. They showed very little interest in helping out with that side, despite already having had a booking fully paid for. I would prefer to try somewhere else next time, but would not discourage future visitors to Dubai from staying here. You will certainly feel relaxed, and the rooms are spacious and clean enough.	
