Nov 16 2009 	Loved the breakfast 	I went along with my family and stayed there for 3 days. We all loved the hotel and comfort provided in the rooms. We liked the indian restaurant and the breakfast as well. Family enjoyed too much and also enjoyed the halloween night during our stay in double decker bar. My sone liked the hotel too much and enjoyed every bit of it.	
Nov 6 2009 	Not 5 star	We stayed in a 2 bedroom suite (apartment). These suits are not in the main building, but in a separate building with its own reception etc. Getting to the hotel building and swimming pool etc is only possible via the street.Size of apartments are OK. Nothing special. They are furnished in a very traditional hotel style. No dishwasher in the kitchen. Washing machine available.Maintenance is in the hotel is very poor. We needed 5 times a maintenance guy during our 8 days stay. The hotel pool is missing tiles etc. I am wondering what this place will look like in 2 years...Cleaning staff is very friendly. The reception staff (only speaking about the Suites reception) is absolutely not on 5 star level. You don't feel really as an appreciated guest. Some with the Bell boys: Never during our stay they opened the front door for us: Even not when one of us was struggling to get the baby stroller in.Location is great for shopping lovers: Opposite the Dubai Mall. You can walk to there. At the moment you still need to walk through the dirt, but it looked like the pavements will be finished within the next months. Beach is far away. The Murooj complex includes a 24HR supermarket with home delivery service.Be aware: at the front site of the Suites Building is a lot of traffic. Partly on bridges. Our first room was on the second floor. After the first night we switched rooms because we could hear the cars clearly in our room. For families the hotel is well equipped. Of course the 2, 3 bedroom suites a convenient. The swimming pool is good for children (no slides or something), including an area with just a 5cm deep water, where babies can play in the water.Would I stay here again? Most probably not. There are way better Apartment hotels in Dubai (Marriott Marina or Oasis) which are really 5 star. Service at the Murooj Rotana is not more than you can expect from a 3 star hotel.	
Nov 2 2009 	Just OK	We had a week at this hotel. The facilities are good, although hotel guests only get to use two of the three pools. The best and largest pool is reserved for residents, even though there was hardly ever anyone using it while we were there. The service at the front desk was poor, staff not particularly helpful with information and we felt they couldnt be bothered. Cleaning and maid service was great. The private beach is quite a distance from the hotel and you have to pay 165 dh per person to get there using hotel transport so cheaper to call a taxi, tennis is an also extra cost and we didnt see anyone using the courts. Rooms were clean and spacious but wouldnt stay here again, lack of personal service and unfriendly front desk staff.	
Oct 2 2009 	don't like it	nice location but the construction in the roads make it messy, the staff not well trained, expensive internet, the cleanliness not that good but it's average	
Sep 20 2009 	Very good !	We stayed here during Ramadan (september). The hotel looks very nice. Rooms were modern and clean. Staff was friendly and helpfull (especially the luggage guy). The best thing about this hotel is it's location. 5 Minutes by foot to the Dubai Mall and not far from the Burj Dubai. We visited the Dubai mall just after Iftar so it was very busy. The mall is worth a visit (it has an aquarium,fountains outside and much more). You can also eat something at the mall (cheaper than in the hotel). We had a summer promo 450AED/ROOM which was a rather cheap price for this hotel. I would certainly stay here again for this price however for the normal 2200AED rate I would choose another hotel !	
Sep 3 2009 	Nice stay at the heart of the city	Staying at Al Murooj Rotana was a great experience, with its location at the heart of the city and next to dubai mall &quot;world's largest mall&quot; its an ideal option if you'd like to have a break while still being at the city.The room was very luxurios and clean with balcony viewing the pool, the room service is super, they just do things in a record of time.The breakfast was very good, u'll find a variety of tasty and delecious food till 11:00 am, in addition the have a variety of restaurants.what I didnt like about it was just the long time vallet took to get my car &quot; that happened for 3 or 4 times&quot; and the &quot;relatively long&quot; time they took to finalize our check-out and the small lobby which get crowded with russian girls at night.	
Aug 21 2009 	nice hotel personalized service especially in the restaurants	many variety of restuarants, the food is verry tasty, especially the italian night at Pergolas restaurant .	
Jul 4 2009 	Great Choice if you want a "Resort" feel....	This was a quick &quot;Girls&quot; weekend getaway. While the Rotana family has over 12 hotels in Dubai, I chose this one as from the reviews, it seemed to have a nice &quot;resort&quot; feel. Glad I DID!! Just as others have stated, you were welcomed with smiles and never a bother. I always book &quot;Club Rooms&quot; as I think it's definitely worth the extra cost..ie free internet, afternoon snacks and most importantly &quot;unlimited alcoholic drinks&quot; in the evenings. On one nite, they had a display of Sushi that was just scrumptious (and I don't eat just anyone's Sushi!) One morning we decided to try the breakfast in the main lobby.........uh........no! It was like a circus and had to find someone to just to pour us some coffee. As far as the rooms, they are really nice but SMALL. If you need space, upgrade to a suite. (Unfortunately, for us they were all booked and tried to accomodate us by putting us in an two bedroom apartment) We told them we'd like to &quot;see it&quot; first and then decide. Well.....it's HUGE, but is not as updated in style and decor in its interior as the rest of the hotel. Thanks for trying:-)It's better suited for longer stays. Had a wonderful massage for half price &quot;summer special&quot; and the Club lounge also gave us two free alcoholic drink coupons upon check-in at the &quot;Double Decker&quot; Pub. Had a scumptious lunch at &quot;Zaika&quot; Indian restaurant. Would I stay there again? You BET!!	
Jun 9 2009 	Resot like ambience	The approach to the hotel was marred by the construction activity around. However, inside the hotel everything was good. The staff was helpful when I was looking at excursion options. Room service was prompt and within the time limit they mentioned while placing the order.I tried two restaurants and both exceeded my expectations.	
Jun 9 2009 	stylish beautifull hotel a good review from a good critic	I stayed in Al Murroj with a friend, it is the third time i have stayed there and certainly not the last, the hotl is beautifull, full of marble and fresh flowers, staff are always there to greet you at the doors, and i never had to wait for a taxi or car.The rooms are very well services, in the morning and in evening for turndown service, the staff always remember me every time i return, which is great.The restaurants are great...although a little expensive....but food is delicious.The only qualm i have is obviously the contruction, once your in the hotel you cant hear it but once outside, it is a bit of an eye sore, it would be nice at some point to talk a walk over to the dubai mall (if they ever build a pedestrian crossing) lol, also nearly everyday i took a taxi to jumeirah beach and it took less than 20 mins in rush hour and cost roughly 30dhs, just make sure the taxi drivers start out the meter on 3dhs as they like to put it higher if ur a tourist.Overall the hotel is great, the next time i return to dubai (next week) i will be staying in Le Meridien not Al Murooj only because of business...if it was pleasure it would be Al Murooj all the way baby lol.ps...i will also write a review on Le Meridien once completed	
May 31 2009 	Mixed feelings!	My partner and I arrived in Dubai on a midnight flight. We had a four night stay booked on the Club Floor which included limousine pickup. We were looking forward to being welcomed by our limousine pick up however one never arrived. We were told by reception that we never organised a pick up although they could tell me of the flight we were to arrive in on (only mentioned in the email requesting pick up). We were told to catch a cab (30 minute wait in 40 degree heat at 1am) and they would reimburse us which they did. We then arrived at reception to be told yet again that we had not organised a car pick up but mentioned my email. (Contradictions were rife!) My partner and I were then placed in a non smoking room that wreaked of smoke. We were told no other rooms available until the following day. The shower then lost pressure about seven times so needless to say I was at my wits end and ready to find another hotel the following day. We made our way to breakfast on the Club Floor to be greeted by an extremely friendly yet professional young lady. She kindly advised that they had another room for us and that concierge would organise the luggage. We had breakfast and found the young gentleman especially Vyksh (apologise if incorrect spelling) to be wonderful. The service supplied to us by the staff on the 14th floor were outstandng and turned our stay around. The concierge were also all extremely polite and willing to assist with any enquiries we had which made our stay more pleasurable. I can not however say the same about the staff on the main reception in the foyer. We found them rude, non willing to help and did not follow up on issues we had encountered.We were given a complimentary dinner in the Pergolas restaurant for the inconvenience on the first night which we were advised included drinks however our we were billed woth these drinks on our check out. (They hesitantly removed these in the end). We are still awaiting for the refund of the deposit taken from our credit card however if we only dealt with the fantastic staff on the 14th floor we would stay again otherwise definitely not.	
May 27 2009 	Nice hotel friendly staff. Pity about the construction around the hotel though...	Stayed at the Al Murooj Rotana for 7 nights on business in Dubai. It's a nice 5 star hotel, a 40 dirham taxi ride from the airport. Reception is quite impressive - lots of marble, fountains, chrome etc, and incredibly efficient and friendly staff.I arrived at 00:30 on a Saturday morning, and the downstairs disco was pumping very loud music out, with several people spilling out of the club and onto the driveway up to reception. Not the greatest first impression, but I was put in a room on the 7th floor, so it really didn't bother me in the least.My room was average sized for Dubai (in the UK, it would be huge, but hotels in Dubai all seem to be much larger than their European counterparts), and well appointed, with the usual minibar / plasma TV / phone &amp; TV volume in the bathroom / air con / dressing gown &amp; slippers, and a nice separate desk and comfortable working chair by the window. I overlooked the rear of the hotel, so could see the 4 or 5 separate swimming pools, outside bar, and patio area below.The food was excellent - there are 5 or 6 different restaurants on site, and I ate in the buffet restaurant on a couple of occasions. Lots of choice, vast selections of salads, breads, and desserts, and a central area with a couple of chefs who will happily cook the fresh chicken, steak, and fish available. Lots of kiddie-friendly options too - although I was away on business, I spotted plenty of food that my 8 year old would have happily eaten.The only time I found the bar at the hotel was on my first night - after an 8 hour flight, I fancied a quick beer before hitting the sack, so found the Bus Stop English Pub.... yep, after flying halfway across the world from England, I found that the hotel had an Olde Worlde English pub in the basement! It seemed quite a trendy place to drink, so had very loud music and plasma TVs everywhere showing MTV, but the beer was cold and hit the spot.The only downside to the hotel (and this is a problem with much of Dubai at the moment) is the scale of construction going on all around the hotel. For example, the Dubai Mall is only about 800 metres from the hotel, but standing in between is an 8 lane dual carriageway, plus a construction site, which means that you have to take a 10 minute taxi ride round the oneway system, only to end up a stones throw from where you began! It's also worth noting that construction is worked on 24 hours a day, and although it didn't affect me, I suspect that this was due to my room being on a high floor. A few other reviewers have reported quite a lot of noise on lower floors, so make sure you ask for a high floor when you book!All in all, a good business hotel, and one that I'd stay at again. Only downer was the very expensive internet access (about 12 GBP per day).	
Apr 25 2009 	Nice place good location	Stayed on business 3 nights. excellent rooms, attentive service. Breakfast buffet was alright, lunch quite good. Free shuttle service to/from airport worked flawless. A lot of roadwork and construction around the premises makes it feel dusty and secluded. The pool is nice but not outstanding. Gym is OK. Very nice rooms and bathrooms, only thing missing was free WIFI on the rooms.	
Feb 20 2009 	Nice suites for families	My family and I (husband, 2 kids of 13 and 10 yeards old) stayed there for 4 nights while we were arranging our last things before moving from Dubai. We had a 2 bedroom suite, it was very good because it came fully equipped and that helped us a lot.The bathroom could be updated and there was no a/c in them, which was not a problem for us because it was winter but during summer it can be very annoying. The room was ok, comfortable bed and enough space.The service is not the best, they take ages to bring something when you ask. I waited nearly 1 hour (after calling 3 times) for tea towels, before that they brought bathrobes and some towels...but that is common in Dubai because people there hardly speak any English. The location was very good before, but with all the construction taking place around the Hotel it can get very difficult to move around. We went to the Dubai Mall (which is opposite the street) and it took us more than 45 minutes to drive back to the Hotel because of the bad signals and the confusion of the streets.Also because of the construction of a main highway in front of the Hotel try to get a room in the highest floors or pool view, because of the noise.We highly recommend More Cafe...we loved it !A good option if you are looking for a family suite but if you want something else there are better and nicer hotels in Dubai.	
Feb 14 2009 	I had a fantastic holiday.	It’s not always easy to know what to choose or where to go for a holiday. The best way to rely on recommendation and here’s mine. I having stayed in many 5 star hotels and can with all honesty to say that Al Murooj Rotana is a true 5 star hotel and absolutely faultless. The location of it is perfect. All facilities and outlets are on a good level. The service of the staff is impeccable. They are very methodical in their manner of working. They are friendly and always keen to help. The staff are really professional. Al Murooj is a very charming hotel, well designed and spotlessly clean. Attention to detail is a theme that runs through everything in the hotel. My room was spacious, comfortable and exceptionally clean. Housekeeping at the hotel is superb. Room Service was great as well. Check in/ check out was perfect.Club Rotana lounge is a very relaxing and nice place. Everything in it is high class and everything is done with all standards. I had a fantastic stay at the hotel and will not hesitate to recommend it to anyone who would like to have an unforgettable holiday	
Jan 25 2009 	Great stay in an amazing City	I work for a major internaional airline so we knew that my standards would be high for the accommodation on a mini-break. With Dubai we were also looking at the major problem of there being simply too much choice!! We had decided to visit the city on the basis that it's one of the destinations I have not yet been to as crew and we fancied a bit of shopping (the Dubai Shopping Festival was too tempting an offer for us!!). We were amazed at the volume of 5* hotels and the competitive prices on offer across the city. The Al Murooj Rotana had an offer which meant that it worked out the best price basically - after reading thousands upon thousands of reviews of various hotels on TripAdvisor we just decided that we should go for the cheapest offer for a 5* hotel and hope for the best!!!I was so pleasantly surprised I just can't tell you! The reviews for this hotel seemed completely unfair - most hotels had such a mixture of good and bad reviews that we just decided to ignore them and I'm glad we went with that opinion. I had read comments saying that the staff were unfriendly, facilities not good enough and room service rather useless - but I beg to differ. I must point out that I have been around the block a bit and am clued-up on varying cultures - In case of those who are not aware, and with the greatest respect to the wonderful culture, women in Dubai will not be recognised as, well, relevant??? I have my suspicions that some of the reviews written about any of the hotels in Dubai from dissatisfied customers was possibly due to the way the women are recieved. For example, all of our accommodation, car hire etc was booked by me (the missus), but when trying to sort out the car hire the gentleman serving us was not talking to me (despite it being in my name) but to my other half - the same occurred at the hotel reception. It was funny at times as I was asking questions to staff and they would be answering the question to my other half! This is just the culture - I did not feel uncomfortable, disrespected or maltreated in any way as I respect the fact that this is just the done thing. In the same way, I imagine it's strange for a Muslim woman visiting the UK to have a man look her directly in the eye (seen as disrespectful in their native countries apparently). We found that the staff were so friendly and their attention to details was superb. I stay in 4* hotels around the world on a weekly basis and this hotel was, in my opinion, one of the friendliest and professional I have visited in a long time. The room (we had a non-smoking king room with a balcony) contained everything you would expect - a varied and well-stocked mini-bar (not that I would recommend buying anything from a mini-bar as it's ridiculously expensive!), a good sized bathroom with shower and all the lovely little extras we all need (hairdryer, bathrobe, slippers, shampoo etc) and the room was perfectly lovely - much as any other hotel room is from 4-5* to be frank. The amenities at the hotel were also of a very high standard - the pool and fitness centre were lovely, and the restaurants we visited were very good indeed. We'd particularly recommend the Indian Restaurant and, furthermore, the Amarone on their wine list!!!Before our arrival we had been a little worried about the location of the hotel, being in the middle of the business district, but in fairness it was pretty central to everywhere we wanted to visit (and taxis are very cheap!). There is building work going on all over Dubai but we found that it didn't make a difference to our stay.The one and only small detail I will mention is that we were kept awake one night by a rather noisy room party in the room next to us. This can happen in any hotel and I've had it so many times I can't count (and may have actually been in a few of these said room parties on a few occasions admittedly) so all I will say is that we had a door to adjoin said room to ours for bigger guest parties - it's a bit tricky to soundproof a door so maybe you should check this when you are shown your room!!!We both loved the visit - and, yes, Dubai is a very strange place which people will undoubtedly love or hate! We felt it was like a classy version of Las Vegas! Enjoy your stay!	
Dec 21 2008 	Disaster	I had been on a business meeting at Al Murooj my stay at the hotel was disaster firstly when I reached airport there was no airport representative I was asked to go to the airport desk at United car rental at airport where I was provided a car after a long wait when I reached hotel the Doorman was unfriendly he did not greet me there was no bellman to take luggage at reception I found that room was not ready I had to wait for 2 hours to get my room I was very hungry but I was not offered any complimentary juice or cookies.The reception staff was unfriendly the staff was not professional I went to concierge for car booking where baabasaab the concierge gave me car to abu dhabi for AED 350 where same car costs AED 250.Anyways in the room the room menu was too small no options.Housekeeping was good the room was clean.I was upset with my stay bcoz of unfriendly staff specially front desk.I would not advise you to visit this hotel as it is good but no good.	
Oct 14 2008 	A very good business hotel	To be honest, I can't imagine why anyone would choose to come to Dubai - it is a place of deep shallowness where the hotels and malls are the main destinations and from the local news the air and waters are as polluted as you might expect from a large commercial city and major building site. It's a kind of hell hole with lipgloss.If you have to come to Dubai for business reasons or en-route to somewhere more interesting then this is a pretty good hotel. Like most places in the main business district, it's in the middle of a construction area at the moment, so it's probably not ideal for anyone who needs to sleep with the windows open. I assume that the price reflects this and will rise as it becomes a relatively low rise haven lost in the skyline.But then - if you want to minimise your contribution to global warming then Dubai would hardly be on your list of eco friendly destinations, although the rapid transit system under construction will help a little, the air conditioning is always going to be essential for most people.I found the design of the hotel to be very acceptable in a place where people rarely say &quot;that's enough gold plating&quot;. The rooms are pleasant and the food is good. The staff are very friendly and accommodating. So all in all it is a hotel that is more than fit for purpose if you must come to Dubai.	
Oct 7 2008 	Al Murooj is one of the best in the world	Al Murooj is by far one of the best hotels I've stayed at. I am in Dubai about every 2 weeks and try to stay there whenever the rate facilitates it. The service of the staff is remarkable, the remember me, they are professional, any problems are immediately fixed and everyone from the doormen to housekeeping to the managers are wonderful. The Double Decker Pub is a lot of fun to just pop down for a drink and some great music. During one of my stays I had to be rushed to hospital via ambulance and their professional nature during the ordeal and the aftercare from their staff from everything to calls to check on me, special arrangements, complimentary gifts, etc. was remarkable. Honestly, I would put the highest marks on this hotel.	
Aug 16 2008 	Great Stay 	We stayed 3 nights in a very comfortable and nicely furnished double room - the shower was terrific: just what you need when it's 40+c and unbearably humid outside. The staff were the best thing about the hotel - they couldn't do enough for you. Friendly and extremely efficient, nothing was too much trouble.Food was good - in particular the Indian restaurant attached to the hotel was outstanding. The only down side was that it (and other of restaurants and bars in the hotel) were located outside of the main building and it meant walking through the unbearable heat. Obviously this won't be as much as an issue outside of their hottest summer months.We only have two minor gripes. One day the room didn't get made up in the daytime - only when they came in to turn the beds down at night was it tidied. And they don't provide free internet access for any length of time - so I had to pay a fee for checking in to my flight online, which took 3 minutes.Like the rest of Dubai, there's building going on all around it and you can't walk anywhere (too dangerous because of the traffic), but the hotel can arrange a car with driver within minutes, and it's pretty cheap.	
Jul 18 2008 	Service smiles and a warm welcome	Stayed two nights at the Al Murooj Rotana on the way back from Iran, and it was an absolute pleasure. Their service was impeccable, the food out of this world (breakfast and the evening buffet) and the staff went out of their way to look after me. The hotel is conveniently located within a 15 minute drive of the airport, yet near the centre of activities. You do not walk in Dubai in July (it was over 50 Celcius and humid when I was there). I used the hotel's limo service to travel around (free limo to and from the airport was great), and reasonably priced for local journeys. The food at the hotel was sumptuous. I took friends out to dinner in the hotel mid-week and we had a far east feast which featured cuisine from China, Korea, Japan, Indonesia etc. Choice was absolutely great and quality was in keeping with the hotel's high standards.I got a good rate as it was out of season. While I didn't have time to use the facilities (leisure or business) the pool scene outside looked great from the window.Highly recommended for business or leisure.	
Jun 25 2008 	Fantastic	My wife and i stayed at the hotel as a 4 day stop over on our way to Mauritous on our honeymoon. On arriving which was 2am we were swiftly taken through checking in and were shown to our lovely room by a very friendly receptionist. The room was faultless and as a fantastic bonus had an outside jacuzzi. Perfect.The city location seemed to me fairly irrelevant in most of Dubia as everywhere has large amounts of building work going on and it is too hot to walk any distance outside anyway (air conditioning all the way). The hotel is business traveller orientated but as a honeymoon city break on the way to our beach holiday it proved ideal. There is even a free shuttle bus for residents to the main malls. I did have one complaint regarding my bill on departure but after speaking to the hotel manager it was rectified quickly. All in all a very pleasant stay.	
May 13 2008 	Health Hazard	This hotel has nice décor (except for the bathrooms), unfortunately that’s about it. I feel obliged to let future unsuspecting guest in on the truth. The service is horrendous, almost all of the staff speak little to no English making the simplest of tasks a nightmare coupled with the blatant resentment towards anyone who can afford to stay there, not to mention the time it takes to receive your request if you manage to get to some understanding. It is rated a 5 star hotel however I think this is reserved only for the lobby and grounds. The restaurants are empty 99% of the time except for the buffet which I am happy to give a 3 star too. If you are looking for a quality hotel you will not find it here so save yourself the anguish and find somewhere else. Even if you do complain it will not get you anywhere as they just don’t care and we are not high maintenance by any means we just expected decent service for our money. BUT, I have saved the best till last! I am sitting here writing this at 3am in the morning, unable to sleep because of the traffic noise, which I can live with but not the vibration from the massive construction that is going on outside and the putrid smell of the diesel that fills the whole room making my eyes sting and so nauseous I actually threw up the other night. You wake up in the morning so ill you feel like you have the flu. This is a major health concern and I would strongly advise anyone considering staying here to rethink their plans as I wish I had been warned.	
May 9 2008 	I am in love with Al Murooj	My wifead I have stayed to the Al Murooj several times between 2006 and 2007. Everytime it was an excellent experience. I really miss the hotel now that we work in the States and don't have anymore business to go to Dubai.	
Mar 24 2008	Very nice	Everything was great. They ask too much for high-speed internet in the hotel room, but the wireless internet is free of charge in the lobby and in the lounge, so everyone seems to hang out in those places in the morning and early evening.	
Feb 29 2008 	For the Bussiness Traveler	I stayed at the Al-Murooj Rotanna when I attended a conference in Dubai. Defenitely one of the best hotels I've ever been to. Checkin went smooth - staff was friendly and explained everything - from where breakfast will be etc. Normally you have to ask the staff to get info but not at the Al-Murooj. Rooms was beautiful and comfortable. The location will be great once the new mall is completed which are currently being built opposite the hotel. The reastaurants are great. Only had one problem when the waiter forgot to bring my drinks I've orered. The hotel do not cater for children and therefore I will not recommend it for travellers with children. Otherwise, the hotel is great.Defenitely the best service I've ever received.	
Feb 23 2008 	Lovely hote strange location	Booked as a 3 night add-on to a tour of India, this is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. We could not fault it in any way, the rooms, breakfast, service, pool area were all excellent. We did not eat in the hotel in the evenings but the buffets looked beautiful if a little expensive at 169 dinars each. The hotel is very close to the Burj Dubai, now the tallest building in the world, so at the moment seems to be in the middle of an enormous building site (although we did not hear any noise), but even when the building is complete the location will still be rather strange, in the centre of a busy multi-lane traffic system. You can't walk anywhere and although taxis are plentiful and cheap and it is only 10-15 minutes to the airport, beach or any of the main malls I think I would choose a lower grade hotel on the beach another time.	
Feb 11 2008 	Let Down By Location	First and foremost this is a business hotel so I would not recommend that you stay here for a holiday. There are “holiday” amenities such as a swimming pool and various restaurants around the resort but my impression was that these are more tailored to the other inhabitants of the Rotana Hotels &amp; Suites guests – i.e. the Suites - that makes up 90% of the property.Bearing that in mind I will review this hotel as a business hotel and for what it offered me personally as a business traveller.LocationLocation wise the hotel is unfortunately surrounded by building sites and at the furthest end of the road that leads to the financial centre of Dubai. This made it nigh on impossible to walk into or back from work. This was particularly an issue in the evening when there was a very distinct lack of Taxi’s around town. Walking back to the hotel is particularly hazardous due to the lack of pavements and the amount of construction going on around you.Dubai is expanding greatly and the hotel can not be blamed for the safety or condition of roads or pavements or indeed for the lack of taxis around town (I later discovered that all the taxis are parked up at the Mall of the Emirates waiting for better fares!!). But personally given the choice again I would ensure I was staying in a hotel much closer to the centre i.e. within safe walking distance from the office. Should I return to Dubai as a tourist rather than on business I would stay in the beach area.StaffAll of the staff were very nice. All very happy, attentive and efficient. The only issue I did have was that we booked an excursion through the concierge and during the evening of the excursion I discovered that we had paid twice as much as other clients on the excursion. I can understand the hotel making a small commission on the booking but a 100% mark up seemed excessive and slightly greedy. I am unsure if this is a hotel policy or just the individual chancing his arm. I would suggest you think twice before booking through the concierge as opposed to booking directly with the operator of the tour. – This applies to any hotel you stay in I am sure!RoomThe room was very comfortable, well furnished and had everything I needed, except an iron and ironing board which were delivered on request.The mini bar was well stocked and slightly on the expensive side – But what business hotel isn’t??I had a problem on the first two days of my stay with the water pressure. It coughed and spluttered a bit the first day but the second morning I found myself of being in the position of standing stark naked in the shower covered in soap and the water stopping!! Five minutes later I was starting to panic and contemplating having to wash off using (expensive and refrigerated - brrrrr!) bottled water. Fortunately it spluttered to life again before it came to that, but it was a close call!!I was on the 12th floor and I notice that one of the first people to write a TA review of this hotel had a similar problem on this floor. Probably one to avoid should you be staying here. Having said that the rest of my week there was problem free.FoodI ate breakfast and had only one evening meal at the hotel. All of these were in the main restaurant –Pergola.The breakfast was a buffet with a choice of hot and cold breakfast items with a chef to prepare omelettes or eggs. Most of these items were OK but the occasional thing, a pastry here, a yoghurt there was a bit stale or poorly prepared. I have had better breakfasts and buffets at 4* hotels so this being a 5* I was disappointed. On two occasion I asked for eggs “over easy” but I must have been misheard as on both time I was given eggs “over cooked”!! If your chef can’t cook a couple of fried eggs your restaurant is in trouble!!The evening meal I had was the Italian Buffet. There are various theme buffets throughout the week and judging by the amount of local “ex pats” that turn up they are obviously popular. I have to say that the food I had was all very nice and with free drink (beer or wine) I can see why it’s popular! I would go again and would probably try the other nights too based on the quality of the one I did attend.There are four other restaurants around the resort and if they are as good as Pergola was that evening I would not hesitate to try them.SummarySo in summary this is a nice hotel, in a city of very good hotels. Does it deserve 5*? Probably not in comparison to other 5* hotels in the area. It is a good 4* let down by its location (at the moment) and the occasional hiccup.Would I stay there again? Probably not. Maybe in a few years when the immediate area has finished being developed	
Jan 20 2008 	Good hotel but expensive	Business hotel, well connected by roads, etc....Good gym and pool, however be prepared to pay through the nose here.	
Jan 17 2008 	Business hotel	We spent 3 nights at the hotel and never really felt comfortable. It's probabely more a business hotel, but if you are on vacation, I would recomend staying at one of the beach resorts. There was a big construction right in front of the hotel, but than again, that's Dubai. We got special check-in at the executive floor where they also serve free drinks from 7pm - 9pm,. We appriciated that. The rooms are ok, a bit unpersonal though, and so is the staff. Over all it is a good hotel, located in the center of Dubai but if you are on vacation, go to the beach!	
Jan 12 2008 	Would not stay again	We stayed in this hotel for three days on our way out to Mauritius for our honeymoon, the hotel was aware this was our honeymoon but made no effort to make it feel special, unlike the Hilton in Mauritius.We had booked a non-smoking room but there were none available at the time of check in and as we had just had a 8 hour overnight flight, we didn’t want to wait around for another to become available, all we wanted to do was sleep. This is a business hotel I would not recommend it for families or for a romantic getaway. I suppose we were disappointed as it was part of our honeymoon and there was no atmosphere in the hotel, mainly business men.There was also a scent in the lobby when you came through the doors which I think was supposed to smell nice!! It was very overpowering and sickly.I love Dubai as I worked over there for a while there is so much to do, I should have gone with the hotels I know, we just wanted to try somewhere different.	
Jan 8 2008 	Absolutely Fabulous!	I stayed at Al Murooj Rotana in dec 2006....me and a friend were to stay in dubai for 2 weeks...The best thing about the hotel is their staff....on the first day ...my friend left her passport and ticket in the cab, and the staff were very helpful in helping us find it....Also the rooms are impeccable and leave you nothing to complain about.... the water is always replenished.....and the room always looks fresh and new.....The only thing that did not please me very much was the in - room dining menu. It is very limited and after a few days you are ordering the same food every night. My suggestion would be to try out the different restaurants at the hotel....or explore what the city has to offer..!!The hotel is very close to all the biggest shopping malls...and restaurants which is a big plus for this place!All in all.... my stay there was very nice and unforgettable!!! Dubai is a lovely city and this hotel made all the difference!	
Oct 23 2007 	Not for a holiday!	I stayed here shortly after it's opening in March 2006.It is the only hotel from which I have demanded to be relocated. It was booked late from the UK and it seemed like a good holiday choice but beware... Avoid if you are going to Dubai for a beach type holiday. The location is between a motorway intersection, apartment complexes and some urban scrub land looking strangely like a camel farm. It is at least 15 minutes' drive to the beach due to a combination of heavy traffic and roadworks (and there is a substantial cost for access to a very indifferent beach when you get there). Forget about walking, pavements don't exist. You are totally stranded in this bizarre pseudo luxury bubble which is only good if you are here on business and going everywhere by car. The rooms are fine with nice facilities. Only a small pool was available and the grounds were the public areas of some apartment blocks nearby. The bar/nightclub is a dreadful mock London pub with no atmosphere and surly door staff despite being totally empty. The reception staff became grumpy at the suggestion that all was not as had been advertised. I got on the phone to get us relocated to the nearest Hilton on Jumeirah beach which was a great improvement. Having said that, Dubai is dreadfully overrated and this is what happens when you ask someone to book a holiday for you. If you have been to 5 star hotels before, the shiny lobby won't be enough to impress.	
Sep 5 2007 	Our favourite 5 star hotel	This was our second time at the Al Murooj and we were suitably impressed yet again.We have stayed in several 5 star hotels across the US, Europe and China. This definately ranks up there with the best. The staff are very friendly, the hotel is immaculate, the rooms are spacious and the food is superb.If you are a beach addict you might prefer one of the beach front hotels. But if like us you enjoy exploring the area then the Al Murooj is perfect.We will definately be using this hotel again when we next go back to Dubai.Recommended.	
Jul 24 2007	gr8 holiday	A very happly couple Just returned from a 10 night stay in the Al Murooj Rotana in Dubai. This is classed as a 5 star but I would give it a 5star + + + The hotel was extremely clean and very comfortable with the room being turned down twice a day and setting out bedroom slippers a the side of the bed at night.The room also has a minibar &amp; digital safe. There was lot of building work going on but we found this amazing to see and glad we didnt miss the views in the city area as we where just off the main highway. It is only a short taxi ride from everywhere very cheap. Make sure and get up for the buffet breakfast, excellent choice of food, don't miss the double decker pub for good atmosphere. The dj became a very good friend and also enjoyed a few trips with us as he was class a VIP, Supermarket to rear of complex is open 24 hrs and stock's all main brands of english food and drink eg walkers crips :-) starbucks is at the side of the hotel also.The weather was 47 'c most days and just what we need.i would book this hotel again.	
Jun 21 2007 	enjoyable stay	Being a first time visitor to Dubai we did a fair bit of research on a hotel to stay. We wasnt disappointed with this hotel, a lot of our friends stayed in the beach area, as we wasnt worried due to not being able to sit in the sun for long hours, this hotel was a great location. A high standard service, room was very clean. A lot of building going on but we found this amazing to see and glad we didnt miss the city views. We were given our room an hour after arriving sleepy at 7am following a night flight, which was appreciated as check in isnt until late afternoon. We had pool view. Nice buffet breakfast, excellent choice of food, soya milk was provided which was welcome as I have a dairy intolerance. Good choice of resturants, double decker was a good pub atmosphere, the seafood resturant was our treat. We enjoyed being away from the tourist side of things, as the hotel really was occupied by lot of business clients, which made it pleasant and pool area quiet. Good access to shopping by taxis which were always available. Supermarket to rear of complex open 24 hrs and starbucks. Good hotel for couples.My only moan was reception staff didnt always give you full attention, eg answering the phones when we were being dealt with as a customer.	
May 29 2007 	Fabulous stay at the Al Murooj	I stayed at the Al Murooj Rotana in Dubai in April of this year with my sister and daughter. We were delighted on arrival to be upgraded to a Club room free of charge. The hotel itself was extremely clean and the rooms very comfortable. We found the staff to be very attentive. Nothing was too much trouble from arranging taxis to booking trips. Others have complained that the hotel caters mainly for business guests but we found quite the opposite in that they had a good knowledge of places to visit, eat and trips to take. We cannot fault the staff in any way. We dined in the hotel on a couple of occasions and found the food to be of a very good standard. We had a thoroughly enjoyable stay in Dubai and felt this was enhanced by our choice of hotel. I would have no hesitation in recommending the Al Murooj Rotana to anyone wanting to see the sights of Dubai. If it is a beach holiday you are looking for, then you may be better advised to stay at one of the beachfront hotels, but if you are looking to see the sights of Dubai then I don't think you could do better than the Al Murooj for location and price.	
May 9 2007 	Very clean and friendly	Just returned from a 6 night stay in Dubai. Our travel agent found us this hotel as we wanted a room where our 18year old daughter could stay with us. This is classed as a 5 star but I would give it a 5star + + +.It is in the city area just off the main highway a short taxi ride from everywhere. The food in the restraunts was fab. As was the service at the pool. If you can try to upgrade to a club suite (extra benefits are well worth it)	
Apr 12 2007 	Average	We had booked a club room having done so in other hotels, including the Grand Hyatt in Dubai, but found the Club Rotana rooms to be below our expectations.After a superb overnight flight with BA we arrived at the hotel early and were taken to the club lounge for check in, as expected the room was not ready but after a leisurely breakfast we were told it had been cleaned. We were a little suprised that our room was on the 3rd floor bearing in mind that the lounge was on the 14th and we expected club rooms to be in a similar vacinity and when we arrived at the room we were convinced that it was only a standard room. It was very small with a small bathroom where the shower was over the bath not in a separate cubicle as we would have expected. After falling asleep we woke later to find our suitcases had not arrived at which point we went back to the lounge to complain. We were told the room was a standard but with club privaledges and infact club rooms were identical but just on a higher floor. We spent the night in a room on the 8th floor and the following day they transferred us to a suite on the 3rd, which was nicer but in reality only the same size and spec as we were expecting a club room to be.On the whole I would say that for the size of the complex everything to do with the hotel itself is small; the rooms, the lobby, the club lounge, the pool. In essence an average stay at an averge hotel although the canapes in the lounge were very nice!!Eat at the Latino restaurant and the Indian restaurant - food ok both very expensive.Not a terrible stay but the next time we go to Dubai we will not be staying here	
Apr 7 2007 	Could do better	Whilst we'd read mixed reviews we were not put off by local construction work (after all, Dubai is undergoing an amazing transformation) and were delighted to have a view overlooking the Burj Towers site, how wonderful to see what a difference a year makes in this great city !!!!!Our room was lovely, we'd upgraded to a club floor to enjoy the benefits this afforded us but in all honesty, unless you're a business traveller (in which case it's a great investment) the only benefit was the room, we had to wait for tables in the lounge and the breakfast offering was only ok. However, the room was very spacious, spotless, big bathroom featuring elemis products (always a bonus). Little things count though in a 5 star hotel, and we were constantly comparing this hotel to the Hilton Dubai Creek in which we'd stayed last year (and, it has to be said, we were blown away by the place!). Our morning paper didn't arrive and yet although we'd told our concierge this, we were still charged for it. The concierge team really had very little local knowledge, in fact several members of the staff directed us to Crystal C bar in the hotel on the night it was closed, a wasted half an hour traipsing round the complex!!!! This hotel has tremendous potential to rival some of the other 5 star hotels in Dubai, the views alone are astounding. But let’s not forget, Dubai does 5 stars exceptionally well and so the Al Murooj has to raise its game. I feel that the hotel is a sideline for the whole complex, guests are not treated in any way special and that for me was the disappointment, after all, in Dubai that's what we expected following our previous visit.When checking out, we were treated appallingly by the front desk who wrangled over a tub of cashew nuts we hadn't had and adopted a very effective shoulder shrugging technique which did not go down well with my husband at 7am. A fellow guest waiting to check in was left to stand unattended at the front desk for 10 minutes before anyone even acknowledged his presence.It's also worth mentioning that we visited to attend the Dubai World Cup and although many guests there were also attending, the hotel had decided not to offer a courtesy shuttle bus, something many other hotels had provided for their guests.So, in summary, a great hotel for business travellers located midway on the Sheikh Zayed Road. Leisure travellers, well, I believe you can find a hotel that would better suit your needs.	
Mar 9 2007 	Stayed a sum total of 3 hrs!	We booked this hotel as part of a stopover deal with an airline - we were promised a beautiful &amp; newly opened hotel and we were soooo disappointed. Having travelled all over the Middle East, this hotel just didn't live up to the normal 5* standards of Dubai and it was more of a business hotel than anything else.The lobby wasn't the sort of place you could relax and the room was tiny with cheap furniture, small beds, and a lovely view of the road. On top of this the swimming pool was out of order - apparently there was construction going on next door and they'd damaged a pipe which had consequently drained the pool. We were in Dubai for a relaxing break where the pool was to be our focus!!!!! When you look at the website or in a brochure, the pool complex looks massive but this is NOT RIGHT - 75% of the grounds is for residents of the surrounding apartments and all the hotel guests get is a smallish pool. When we queried about the out of order pool they said it would take at least a few days to be sorted and we were only there for 5 - they wouldn't let us use the apartment pools and suggested we used the splash pool around the side of the hotel- now that sounds fine but understand that you had to get on a golf cart for a ten minute journey in 42 degrees- right next to the main road - and then walk for another 5 or 10 minutes before getting to what could only be described as a paddling pool with about 5 chairs....and no one could see our problem!!!!!!!!!! Oh and it was Ramadan so if we wanted a drink we had to endure the 10 minute walk, the 10 minute golf cart ride and then a walk through the lobby in our pool clothes to go back up to our rooms before doing the return journey back to the pool - convenient i think not.So funnily enough we checked out and moved to a far nicer hotel with beautiful grounds and a pool you could actually swim in and a pool you were allowed to drink water around despite it being Ramadan.Avoid!	
Mar 2 2007	First class all the way	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on the recommendation of our travel agent. It was fantastic, the service, the food, our room and the hotel were all fantastic. The staff cannot do enough to make sure that you have a great time and are well looked after. The rooftop pool is a great way to cool off in the very high temperatures. The variety of food is incredible and we will be returning again (hopefully) later this year. Five star plus, thoroughly recommend.	
Jan 6 2007 	Luxurious Hotel	We spent 4 nights ant the Al Murooj after 7 nights at Hilton RAK which was all inclusive. All booked through Virgin holidays. We love Dubai and this was our 3rd trip. The hotel was fantasric. Great breakfast and lunch but we found the 2 exclusive restaurants near the pool terrbly expensive, which is probably why they were empty every night. The Double Decker pub had a great atmoshere and very good wholesome food. The pool was lovely just a shame about the weather. It rained for 36hrs solid very unlike Dubai!! As it was Dec we lost the sun early due to high rise buildings around us but this did hide the cranes which are everywhere, but it didn't bother us and it wasn't noisy just didn't look nice! We much prefered the Beach Club which was a 10 min courtesy bus ride away. Lovely beach and the pools were heated-lovely. THe hotel location is great. Near to Mall of the Emerates &amp; Ski Dubai nad also near to the city. Cabs were very cheap and plenty of them. I would stay here again as it was good value for money. Do ask for a view overlooking the pool though unless you prefer a building site!	
Nov 22 2006 	Excellent Stay	Booked this hotel through 'greatest hotels in the world site' and had special offer 4 nights double room for £400 approx including taxes which isn't bad for 5 star in dubai. Great location central to shopping and easy access to the beach. Rooms were nice and spacious. Pool area was lovely although access was through restaurant there were toilets and changing facilities outside. Outside bar and snacks were nice and pool attendants were efficient bringing towels and laying them on loungers of your choice, bringing cold flannels and strawberries and melon round was nice touch. Guests seemed to be mainly business customers which did not bother us and staff were very friendly and helpful. Main buffet restaurant was nice on evening paying one price per head for all you can eat and inclusive of wine and beer which is good value of equiv of about £15 per head and half price for kids. Went into Double Decker pub attached to the hotel which seemed full of ex-pats middle aged simon cowell look-alikes and kids could only go in in the afternoon (after 6pm had to leave). My only critical remark about the hotel was when checking in we asked for a late evening check out at 6pm as we had a late flight back. The receptionist said the hotel was full and we would have to pay full room rate for an extra day. I declined then on last day decided to ask again and they said half day room rate which I agreed. So I would suggest to ask a few times to try to get price down. The hotel also offered a beach transfer to the Dubai Marine beach hotel at an extra cost which was ok (no where near as good as Jumeria beach club or hilton beach which is where we visited previous years).Thoroughly enjoyed holiday and would definately recommend this hotel if travelling to Dubai.	
Nov 14 2006 	Excellent with good location		
Oct 5 2006 	Excellent Hotel		
Sep 9 2006 	Luxury Hotel		
May 30 2006	Everything I expected from a 5 star hotel		
Apr 11 2006 	Disappointed		
Apr 4 2006	Highly recommended		
Apr 3 2006 	I'm Back		
Mar 26 2006 	Love It!!		
May 30 2009 	Peccato tutti quei cantieri........		
Apr 25 2009 	Muy buen hotel		
