Oct 26 2009 	Decent stay	Accompanied husband on his business trip and stayed at The Radisson Residence on Dubai Marina for 7 nights. Upon check-in, we were kindly upgraded from a studio to a one-bedroom apartment which was really nice for a week-long trip. The room interior is generally modern with 2 LCDs and comfortable sofa and chairs. The room temperature was perfect for a boiling day as well as throughout the night. The kitchen area was handy as we prepared our own breakfast since we figured that the 70 AED hotel breakfast was not worth it. The bathroom was fine, floor always got a little wet and messy though after shower and there wasn't much space around the sink for me to lay my bottles. Internet was complimentary throughout the stay but connection was rather on a slow side. We had mixed feelings about service here. Some staff were extremely friendly and helpful but some other times, we were served by some very cold and pretentious ones. When I asked for directions, they simply said &quot;we don't know&quot; and when I wanted to find out about something, they just gave me a phone to dial myself and said &quot;sorry we're busy&quot;. I found that totally unacceptable and not something I would expect in a hotel of this class. Other than that, I particularly liked the shuttle bus service provided by the hotel so I can hop on and off the malls, although the pick up time wasn't terribly convenient. For a serviced apartment standard, the Radisson certainly lived up to my expectation. Facilities wise, nothing to write home about - tiny pool and gym areas for ladies and there was only one Thai restaurant in a whole building. Marina walk does provide plenty of eateries, so we weren't out of choice. If you want somewhere to stay near the Internet City, Media City, Marina and not fussed about facilities and service, this is a suitable accommodation. However, if you are after a full-scale beach holiday with four or five restaurants and gigantic outdoor pool, this is definitely not a place to book. With an upgrade, we had quite a value for money stay.	
Oct 10 2009 	Unless you are on business - forget it	Large rooms and free Wi-Fi, modern style. TV and DVD. That was the positives.Breakfast in the restaurant is OK, nothing to brag about for 70 AED.All facilities are split genderwise, so forget about sharing time at the pool with your spouse! The female swimmingpool is indoors, so no sunbathing for you girlsNo alcohol available of course. The only restaurant serves Thai food.Good equipment in the fitness center, but if there are more than two people you have to be careful about where you step. The steam and sauna rooms have room for two people each, sitting kne against knee. The hotel is located in the middle of a construction site, with construction ongoing on all sides, even the side facing the motorway. As you can guess this is noisy and dirty. The poolboy has an impossible job keeping the outdoor pool area clean. Internet is free, but slow. The internet provider is also the telecom provider, and has national monopoly it seems, This explains why Skype did not work for me. All in all, the hotel provides somewhere to sleep and work okay. The rest is poor.I did not try the Thai restaurant since I live in Bangkok...The gender split was a no-no for me, I am grateful that I ended up going single. This is the main reason that I can not under any circumstances recommend this hotel. (Poor on service). Location will improve with time, once the construction is completed in a few years.	
Sep 2 2009 	Do not stop at this hotel!	I stopped over at the Radisson Blu recently with my wife, and whilst the hotel was nice enough and the staff friendly, I was informed of a worrying new policy. The pool has been out of action for around two months apparently, but on speaking with one of thre residents I was told that when re-opened the pool and poolside sunbathing area would be OUT OF BOUNDS TO WOMEN! The reason behind this is that, despite being a mixed area prior to refurbishment, the owner has now to decided he wants it to be Shaira complient - even though many Sharia complient hotels in Dubai have no such regulations. Quite how they expect to attract residents or holiday makers to a hotel that doesn't allow families to mix together in the sun is beyond me. Personally, I would not return to the Radisson Blu if you paid me.	
Aug 19 2009 	No pool or restaurant	After looking carefully at reviews and management responses saying the pool and restaurant would be working by the end of June... I booked to stay here in August! I was disappointed to find that the pool was not working and the restaurant not open (despite their website having loads of pictures of beautiful Thai food)! The hotel was clean and rooms good value, hotel staff were good . They offered us free transfers to other hotels with a working pool (this however is inconvient if you want a quick hr by the pool)I would not choose to stay here again for leisure purposes as I think there our better hotels for the smae cost.	
Jun 1 2009 	100% Satisfaction	If you want to strike the correct balance between your money well spent and value returned for the same, then Radisson SAS Dubai Marina will beat most other hotels in and around Dubai Marina Area hands down.....Me &amp; my wife stayed for a lovely weekend in March 2009 and everything was great. Minor hick up's did sprung at times but hotel staff and top brass handled everything very professionally.In all my years of travel and I mean a lot of travel to great hotel's across the world, I found something very striking and balanced about this hotel. Its not huge, meaning its personalized, room's are very contemporary and you will find almost everything that you will require and beyond. Location is great!!!! All I can think of this hotel is upside. If I have to really force myself for a downside at this hotel then I will definitely have to stretch my boundaries of imagination!!!!I wish lovely staff at Radisson Dubai Marina a big Thumps up and am very sure all the guests will feel the same way!!!!Cheers!!!!!!	
May 10 2009 	No Restaurant at the Hotel	I had a pretty alright check, in room was clean, I was upgraded due to too much on the street whizzing of cars noise, the people were real helpful &amp; courteous, but the hotel till date does not have a single restaurant which was very surprising and painful cause the food was ordered through other hotels and took too much time to be serviced ( avg time for dinner to be served 1/2 hour after you have ordered) the other was swimming pool was closed due to leakages although they wanted us to go &amp; swim elsewhere, now that was really awful. I would still say that overall it made good by the staff who were really polite &amp; helpful.	
Mar 19 2009 	Clean good service great apartment shame there is no restaurant.	I've just returned from a business trip, stayed 5 nights in a lovely 1 bed apartment on the 5th floor, with a fully equipped kitchen, lounge / TV, bedroom / TV, balcony, nice bathroom with separate shower, complimentary fruit and water . Having arrived at the hotel late and up early in the morning I felt very hungry and was very dissapointed to find 'breakfast in the lobby' was literally this - 1 choice of juice, dried croissants and coffee from a machine, right by the reception desk - as you can imagine this was not exactly relaxing. The friendly staff said that the restaurant was under contruction but I couldn't see any evidence of this. So not to be deterred I went for a walk and was pleased to find that Dubai Marina and Jumeirah Beach were about a 10 mins walk and Waitrose/Starbucks in Dubai Marina Mall was across the road, so no real hardship. Having got back from the walk having had a proper breakfast at Paul's patisserie, I decided to go for a relax by the outdoor pool and sunbathe, uh ho - It just didn't quick click that the sun would be hidden by the high rises nearby. So, with a quick taxi ride I spent the afternooon on the beach and enjoyed a refreshing dip in the sea. The evening was spent wandering around and enjoying a really nice indian meal - no artifical colours or flavourings, fantastic!. If you want to be the Jebel Ali end of Dubai, prepared to stay close to a motorway (100 yards) although the double glazing is pretty effective, not have the opportunity for a proper breakfast, swim in the shade at some time of the day and no alcohol then this is a good option. The rooms are superb, beds really comfortable, clean room and the staff are really helpful. A walk around Dubai Marina is a great way to unwind and when the metro is open it's only a short walk to a station so this will improve your independence and choice of transport.	
Nov 4 2008 	great if you want an apartment	I moved to this &quot;hotel&quot; after staying in the nearby sheraton beach resort. Since I was in dubai for 10 days I wanted somewhere that felt like home and the sheraton had a nice view of the beach but the rooms were really noisy from the corridor and rooms above. The radisson is (as the name says) a residential block, so all the &quot;rooms&quot; are more like apartments - studios, one bed and two bed. This was far nicer since I had my own kitchen and even two bathrooms (this was a one bedroom apartment). The apartment was well furnished with high quality bathroom and kitchen and I had a washing machine,full oven/hob and microwave. There was no dishwasher (even though the hotel's website says there should be one) but the cleaning staff would wash the dishes and leave them next to the sink to dry. There was really no noise from the corridor or other rooms and it was really nice to stay there for such a long time.On the downside the hotel is about 5 mins from the beach and like someone else wrote it's really surrounded by a building sites. the good news is that the noise from these does not really get into the apartment and neither does the noise from the nearby 14 lane highway (which you can see in my photos). I would stay there again despite the building work but I would worry that in future years the sites nearby will be built on and your view becomes a face to face view of the apartment block across the road. There is a large shopping mall going up about 100m away (&quot;Amar&quot; in the photos) which I suppose would open sometime in 2009. Apart from that the beach is about 5mins walk away and there is a supermarket and cafes there. about 10mins walk along the marina footpath (which at the moment passes many building sites) is marina walk which has many restaurants and a larger supermarket. The staff were exceptionally poor and not well trained although perhaps they had not been working that long in the hotel business. The porters especially were a bit amateur and they were typically over eager (intrusive) to take my bags even though I could easily cope (I am capable of carrying one supermarket carrier bag up to my room). The hotel's web site is a bit economical with the truth:&gt;&gt;A complimentary shuttle bus will run a regular service between the hotel and the nearby beach as well as the major shopping malls &lt;&lt;this is true but it runs about twice a day, which is hardly convenient. you're better off with a rental car or taxi (although taxi's can take a while to arrive).This should not be a problem once the metro opens (2009?), since there will be metro stations about 5-10mins walk away and from there you can go direct to the city centre, airport and major shopping malls. &gt;&gt;Offering a tempting menu, guests can enjoy light snacks and drinks set in a contemporary interior in our lobby cafe&lt;&lt;the cafe/restaurant is not yet finished (as of Nov 2008), so the website should not tell how tempting the menu is until it opens!&gt;&gt;all studios come equipped with a kitchen complete with dishwasher, washer/dryer,&lt;&lt;&gt;&gt;our spacious Deluxe One Bedroom Residences ... All ... come with amenities found in Standard Studio Residences &lt;&lt;wrong. one bedroom rooms do not have a dishwasher. my first one bedroom room did not have a microwave, but the second one I moved to did. btw beware that ALL studios are on low floors (2-3) so you will have no view and be close to the road. &quot;business&quot; type rooms start on the 12th floor and above (12-20). Overall I loved the room and the view was reasonable (I was on the 10th floor). I would stay there again for sure since I much preferred having an apartment over just a hotel style room. The best points were the quiet rooms, own kitchen (for breakfasts and dinner) and washing machine. A colleague of mine (who was only in dubai for 3 days) did not like it since there was an absence of &quot;normal&quot; hotel facilities like a bar and restaurant. So I suppose it all comes down to what you want.	
Oct 19 2008 	Great apartment but on a ' building site'	Very nice large apartment which was really well kitted out . Luxury bathrooms, well-fitted ultra-modern kitchen, large bedrooms . Whole apartment very clean. This aparthotel has no restaurant, therefore no breakfast was available (except coffe/tea &amp; croissants in the lobby).Downside was the location! Most areas in Dubai are building sites at the moment (&amp; for the next few years I would say) and this was no exception. There were high rise (&amp; I mean high rise!) blocks getting built all around us. The building work goes on 24/7 - but the noise can't be heard from inside the apartment,only from the balcony.Dubai is not a place for children - unless you can afford about £500/night to stay in one of the luxury hotels in the 'completed' locations.Dubai is great for a short visit, there are lots of things to see - but it's not a relaxing 'beach type' holiday.	
Aug 21 2008 	Nice hotel.	The hotel opened in June 2008 so everything was new. The service was very good, the hotel provided free shuttle (Lexus) to the beach and two shopping malls. The room was big. ( Standard Studio) All studios are equipped with a kitchen complete with dishwasher, washer/dryer and kitchen supplies.One of the better Radissons I have stayed in. Dubai Marina is going to be a very interesting place.	
