Nov 16 2009 	WILL STAY THERE AGAIN	We stayed in this Hotel for 5 nights (married couple) and i will do it again in the future.Location is perfect,rooms is clean and staff is very nice.This Hotel is a bargain comparing with other Hotels.It is still very new ,the morning buffet breakfast is ok and is all one needs.If i can make a recommendation it will be to place coffee/tea making facilities in the room.Taxis is available 24 hours and the nearest metro station is only 150m away.Just accross the street is the Deira City Cente Shopping Mall.HEIN FROM SOUTH AFRICA	
Nov 12 2009 	Simply the place to stay on a budget	Me and my ten year old son decided to go for a short trip around the Emirates.Arriving late in the evening on Qatar from Frankfurt and Doha I´ve looked for a place to stay close to the airport and not that expensive.The Ibis fullfilled our needs perfectly. Not more than ten minutes by cab from Terminal 1.Only a very short wait during check-in. The guy there was real friendly and offered us immediatelly after we asked for a room on the eight floor.The room was not that large but spacious enough with two separate beds. No airport noise, but it was possible to follow the planes from the window.Shower only in the bathroom but clean at all and no noise from the rooms beside.Breakfast was also not expensive, buffet style, everything there what we need and alsoreal good to eat outdoor in the warm morning wind.Nearly no time to wait during check-out and no problem to store our bags there.Another plus is the location only some meters around the corner from the entrance to the new and real recommendable new Metro.	
Nov 3 2009 	Good value for money without the standard room provisions	We booked this because it was brand new, right oppossite my favourite mall and very cheap. I found the room a bit small, but since just me and my best friend were going to share, that was not a problem. However the wardrobe is designed without a door, and there are no drawers in the room at all. we searched high and low! you dont get a mini bar, you dont get a hairdryer for your room, you dont get a iron or ironing board. the hairdryer i had to beg the staff for and they told me they were all being used, only when i shouted at the manager, was i provided with a new one which i then hid in my suitcase and only returned it when i left. iron and irnoning board we had to request from the porter each time we needed it, in the bathroom we only had two towels which was a bit of a nightmare - one bath size and one hand towel. and the bathroom toiletrrie, well it was all in one, hand wash body wash shampoo conditioner, all in one bottle. I am used to having all the above as i only ever stay at 4 or 5 star hotels, but since i travel so oftent o dubai, i settled for ibis. Oh, and there is no room service for food and drinks,so if you need a cup of tea, you must carry it to your room yourself, as there are no tea making facilities in the room either! despite the lack of all BASIC ROOM PROVISIONS, i would stay here again, as its very clean, the staff is very nice and its cheap for people who want to be out shopping all day . bit of a shame though , wish ibis would provide all the basics. the next door accor hotel has all of the above and actually is not much dearer.	
Nov 2 2009 	Average	Brand new hotel, but very basic, seemed along way from anywhere	
Oct 10 2009 	NICE ENOUGH	GOOD POINTS --Cheap for Dubai, clean, helpful staff, near the metro/bus routes, near a mall, cheap food nearby.BAD POINTS,Poor breakfast choice, not a great location for sightseers, not suitable for anyone wanting to walk anywhere, small rooms.DETAILSMy wife and I stayed here for 3 nights, it was one of the cheaper hotels but was acceptable for our needs. It is just 5 mins taxi ride from the airport and just across the road from a mall. Food and drink is expensive in UAE but the mall has a food hall with some great choices at good prices,try the freshly cooked Italian food outlet.I was not taken with Dubai and although I would recommend this hotel, I would not recommend staying in Dubai. It is just one large building site and unless you want to spend a lot of money there is not a lot to do. Shopping prices are the same as in the UK. The Metro is very good and cheap but has a limited coverage I would recommend getting a silver pass that allows you bus and metro travel combined, just keep topping it up as you need to. You can only pay at the metro or bus stations if you do not have a pass you can not jump on a bus and pay cash. When you get on the bus you swipe you card make sure that when you get off you swipe it again (ensure that it registers) or you will get a maximum fare deducted.	
Sep 30 2009 	Fine	Excellent price (Dhs 295). Great location (directly opposite Deira City Centre Mall and just down the road from the new metro). Check-in was quick. Room was fine. Internet connection worked (Dhs 60 for 3 hours). Only disappointment was breakfast (Dhs 55) - not a massive choice.	
Sep 24 2009 	Great Location Great Hotel Great service	This was my husband and I's first trip to Dubai and didn't really know what to expect! I had read all of the previous Ibis reviews before our trip and was I was not disappointed.The reason for our trip was 'shopping, shopping, shopping' (well my reason anyway!) and the hotel is just across the road from one of the best shopping malls in Dubai (in my opinion) The check-in service was quick as we were the only people checking in! it was about 1am in the morning. All of the staff that we spoke to during our 4 night stay were kind, friendly and very helpful. There is also a free shuttle bus to the beach which you need to pre-book at reception, the times are leaving the hotel at 9am or 12pm and coming back at 3pm or 5pm. The beach charges 5dhs per person to get in.I could not really fault the hotel, our room was big enough for two people, always clean, the bathroom although compact was no problem at all.The shopping mall was just outside my window too! just a little word of warning, when you get into the lifts make sure you put your room card in the slot then take out when you see the green light press the required floor otherwise the lift will not move! this was not explained to us at the reception desk but found out by getting stuck in the lift.Overall a great hotel, nothing like the Ibis hotels we get in the UK, I would recommend staying here to anyone.	
Aug 24 2009 	One of the Best Budget Hotels in Dubai	This is a brand new hotel (Opened November 2008), so it’s clean and shining.The location is great, just across the street of Deira City Center (one of the major malls in Dubai), and it’s just 5 minutes drive to Dubai airport.The rooms are tiny, good for two people only.Advantages:- Good if you are looking for place to sleep only- Free car parking is availableDisadvantages:- Internet is not free- There is no refrigerator in the room!!- No safe box in the room- No tea/coffe making tray	
May 7 2009 	Nice Hotel Nice Location	Had a stopover in Dubai for 2 days. If you are there on a short trip and a budget - search no more! Great Hotel for this purpose. Location - very good, close to hop-on hop-off bus stop and the mall. Rooms - small, but very comfy. Staff was helpful and polite. Our view from the window was great. And it was QUIET and CLEAN!!! There's a shuttle to Jameirah City Park Beach.Minor grudges: all extras are to pay for - swimming pool at the adjacent Novotel, Internet - expensive, no wi-fi, breakfast - not really great, but they want smth like $20 bucks for it (included in the room service), local phone calls are additional charge.	
Apr 23 2009 	Great Location	Room: Very basic, but clean room. Had everything you’d expect but a safe. Standard basic, no frills room.Rating: (3.5/5)Staff: The staff was hit or miss. Some were great and very knowledgeable, whilst others had no idea about the simplest things (like what time the shuttle departed for the airport, and didn’t know how to find out) Rating: (3.5/5)Location: Only minutes from the airport, with the free shuttle. Literally across the street from the City Centre Mall (landmarks come in handy if you have a taxi driver that’s only been on the job for a day) Only about a 15-minute taxi ride anywhere. Downside, if you want to lounge by the pool there isn’t one, but you can pay a small fee (never inquired about the price) and go over to the Novotel, which is in the same complex only a minute away. Rating (4/5)	
Apr 10 2009 	Very Basic at the Ibis Deira City Centre - dont expect much	I suppose you get what you pay for. Its basic, clean and well serviced. However, its a long way from the hub of the city. Easy to get a taxi downtown but taxis didnt want to go back there. Took an hour to get a taxi to take me back. The hotel staff knew of this problem but didnt tell me. Only a few steps across to the mall... great supermarket! Good shopping over there. You have to pay to use the pool and gym equipment, which I thought was a rip-off. Staff got snitchy when I wanted my pre-paid breakfast at 4am (I only wanted tea and toast as no tea makiing faciities in the room).kids were running up and down the corridor at 1.30amI complained that kids were running up and down the corridor at 1.30am, the staff just laughed and said that it happened all the time and they couldnt do anything about it. Very basic hotel, nothing flash at all. Ok if youre out all day. ps. you cant get a meal in the restaurant on a Friday night as its closed.. so either go without or get something over at the. mall. The little cafe in the lobby is very expensive	
Apr 8 2009 	IBIS is good only for Sleeping	HiI have stayed during my visit to GESS at Airport Expo in the month of March , probably cooler in Dubai .Dubai as said is an expensive city , and to find a Hotel at USD 100 was understandable . But this Hotel is a TWO STAR Hotel in terms of service or you can say No frill hotel . You just need to go to sleep at the end of the day and its for the same . There is no entertainment in Room , TV Reception poor , Small Room and Very Small Bathroom , No Toiletries , nothing just one bath gel . You need to pick your luggage from the Pick up Bus. For me I was fortunate to find an Indian Guy who was actually a security but helped me .IBIS is near to Novotel ,and is interconnected . Its Clean and No doubt about that , you can straight away go to City Centre which is walking distance from Hotel .Taxis are no easy available , and Hotel do not help on this. The only way is take a Hotel Cab which is going to cost atleast 30 Dhms and further if you get a Taxi its good .Its near to Airport around 20 Min , but Pick up faciltiy is too bad , I mean they have a shuttle and if you miss one then its not necesary the next will be half an hour only for me it took one hour from Airport to Hotel ( waiting for the shuttle) But the Guy was good so he helped me finding something to eat etc .IBIS has nothing to offer you , Absolutely Nothing , Even Bar has nothing to eat, except beer and Break fast has no good menu . All the while it has been mixed kind for me .But if you are looking for Cost Effective , neat and safe place , Go for it . But do not go if you want to have a Good Services etc .Final Point the Card for Entering in the room has wrongly printed you need to use the opposite side of the Arrow ( They would tell you this any ways)Thanks Rohit	
Apr 7 2009 	Clean Tidy Helpful I would definantly stay here again	I stayed at Ibis Deira City Centre in March 2009, I had a really good stay here. Reception people all spoke good english and were helpful. The rooms are very basic but are clean. To get a taxi from here was not a problem, they pull up outside the hotel regular or you can go acorss the road over to Deira City Centre and get a taxi from there.There is also a free shuttle bus going to the airport every half an hour which was brilliant,. they also provide a free shuttle bus to the beach as well (round trip).The only one problem I had was with the internet, I had paid for 1 hour of usage and only went on it for 5 minutes, I didnt have a pop up box saying to log off so I shut the computer down and let the receptionist know that its shut down and will that have logged me out of the internet usage, he assured me that it would have. Well surprise surprise, next time I went on the 1 hour usage had totally finished, I spent a good half an hour arguing with the IT man who didnt see the point I was making and that there was NO pop up box saying to log out. In the end the manager kindly said we could use the PCs around the back anytime during our stay. ( I dont know why they just didnt give us another card).	
Apr 2 2009 	Clean Comfortable and Convenient!	I liked the Ibis, The housekeeping staff were great. The staff at the desk were efficient but were easily distracted and could get a bit &quot;uppity&quot; when questioned.The room was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was a bit cramped and I would have liked it if the Shower door was a double door so it could be shut while one is showering. Ibis is a no frills hotel but most things are supplied if one asks. I would have liked more options for TV viewing. The room was OK for a solo traveler but might be cramped for 2 people or a family. The view from my room was a bit voyeuristic as I was looking down onto the Swimming pool of The Novotel and all its swimmers........also at night the drapes have to come down or quite a number of Novotel guest would get quite a good show !!!!The location is fantastic. Its easy to get a cab and one can also walk to the mall to get buses. Likes: I could walk out of the hotel and get tons of choices to eat form either around the hotel or at the mall and most are cheaper than the Hotel!! Dislikes: Because its a no frills hotel, there wasn't a fridge or even a kettle in the room.All in all it is nice hotel and I would stay there again.	
Mar 17 2009 	Not the greatest.	We decided to stay at this hotel because we had a decent experience the first time back in December. It's in a good location and the rooms are new and clean. This time around wasn't the greatest due to the poor service at the front desk. The employees at the front desk were not very accommodating. When we asked them questions it was like we were asking them to go above and beyond their job description. Ming at the front desk was not very helpful. I asked her if it was okay to refund my cash deposit and put it on my credit card instead. She would not take that extra step to help the guest. She simply replied, &quot;Your transaction has already been processed&quot;. I went to ask the other employee working at the time and she gladly refunded my money. It was a simple transaction that only took two minutes. The Ibis requires you to pay 150 AED per night in advance as a deposit (for meals at the restaurant, internet and telephone use etc). If you don't use their services, you would get that money back when you check out. That's a lot of spending money that you could easily use during your stay in Dubai. What good is that money the day you check out and leave Dubai? I explained that to Ming but she didn't seem to want to take that extra two minutes to reverse the cash transaction.We also had some trouble the night we checked out. The airport shuttle bus did not arrive at the scheduled time at the hotel. It's supposed to come every half hour. It was 45 minutes late. When my partner and I asked the front desk about the airport shuttle bus and what the problem could be, the male employee said, &quot;It will be here in five minutes.&quot; After ten minutes, he tried to tell us it already came and left (meaning we were late). We actually waited at the entrance 15 minutes before the scheduled bus time (meaning we were early!). When we told him this, his response was &quot;I don't know.&quot; and he shrugged his shoulders. Again it seemed like we were asking them to go above and beyond. We asked to speak to the manager and the manager was very helpful. He followed through with the problem and resolved it. The Ibis needs to find employees that actually want to earn their money, instead of lazy ones that hide behind the front desk. We were repeat guests but will look to stay elsewhere the next time we visit Dubai.	
Mar 1 2009 	More like a 4 star hotel!	Very strange that this hotel is two stars as it felt more like a 4 star hotel. The location is perfect, next to one of the big shopping malls, and next to the Novotel Hotel. Free parking and most of the staff were helpful and friendly. The TV was not working and within minutes engineers were up to fix it! Modern hotel, clean rooms, near the creek, near the airport and I would definitely stay here again. You definitely would need a car though, but I think you need a car anywhere in Dubai as it's a big city and spread out like LA and other major cities. Not close to the beach but this is not a problem as the hotel offers shuttle services and if you have a car then it's fine. I'd definitely go back to this hotel and recommend it to all.	
Feb 21 2009 	Probably worst hotel of Asia trip	The title says it all - &amp; probably sums up Dubai too!Spent a long time travelling around Asia &amp; to spend £125 on what is essentially worse than a UK Travelodge is an insult - and you dont even get tea &amp; coffee!Staff on the reception are terrible - couldn't give a monkeys about 'normal' travellers - when they were serving us, as soon as a 'business client' arrived, they dropped everything &amp; served them - insulting!Rooms are tiny, box like with no view form window, felt like a modern prison - i have stayed in better youth hostels!Yes it is new, &amp; functional - but not a nice place to stay for a holiday - or a honeymoon like us for 3 days. The bathroom is so small the door has to open outwards!Water in the bar - rip off - £3 for a big bottle - its actually more expensive than Petrol here!So next time i went to Carrefour opposite &amp; got a bottle for 15pence!Food &amp; alcohol is very expensive like anywhere in ripoff Dubai.Barstaff in Bar were very nice &amp; polite however!We ended up eating in a locals street cafe &amp; had the best meal of our stay - for a fraction of the price.Dubai is fine as long as you like building sites, construction, no natural beauty, ugly man-made beaches (more character at Margate) and expensive clothes (double the price of UK for designer stuff - whats the point?)Some of the skyscrpaers are nice to look at, but thats all there is to look at.We did afternoon tea at the Burj Al Arab for a treat - that was nice !	
Feb 18 2009 	Clean rooms Great Staff	The rooms were simple but comfortable. No irons or hairdryers are included in the room but you can call housekeeping or the front desk for them. Clean rooms and new property. Great location in Dubai! We had a great time and were able to relax in the hotel as well.	
Jan 29 2009 	Great Hotel	Having done my research on hotels in Dubai it became apparent that you could easily spend a fortune on one of the many 4/5* places available. However, as my partner and I didn't want to break the bank and would rather spend the money on doing activities the Ibis Hotel seemed like a real bargain. We were not disappointed!The place is brand spanking new and has the appearance of a 3/4* hotel, it is located around 15 mins from the Airport and there is a free shuttle bus (although this is not advertised anywhere when you arrive at the airport) - ask someone when you arrive (a taxi is only around £10 so it's not a big deal). The room was exactly what you would expect for a new Ibis hotel; compact, clean and modern. It is located across the street from Deira City Mall which offers food, shopping and the starting point for the Red City Bus Tours. If your on a budget the location is excellet as you can waste some time in the Mall as there's not much else to do at night in the local area. The only downside to the Ibis Hotel in my view was the fact that you need to get taxi's everywhere from this location, but I would presume this is standard in Dubai due to the size of the city?! One other minor gripe was the cost of everthing in Dubai, it is very expensive (except the taxi's). You could easily spend a fortune if you want to see the all the sites i.e;Big Red Bus Tour Ticket (2 persons) - £85.00Atlantis Water Park (2 persons) - £120.00Pint of Beer in Hotels - £8.00Glass on wine in Hotels - £10.00Meal for two in Hotel (No drinks) - £55.001 Hour on Internet - £15.00One other tip if you are staying in this location, take a left and first left when you leave the Ibis Hotel and there is a great Italian Restaurant which was very good (eating in the Mall can get somewhat tiring).Hope this helps!	
Jan 8 2009 	A superb hotel with a budget price	A fantastic hotel for a very budget price compared to other hotels of the same level. Even though mentioned as 2 as well as 3 star on few websites, i would without any doubt rate it as high end 3 star (near to 4).The hotel provided a pickup as well a drop off to the airport. The shuttle runs every 30 mins in either direction. Staff was very helpful in driving the luggage trolley to even putting the luggage inside the shuttle.Hotel room was very clean as if almost ever used. I requested for a good view and got the front of the hotel. Air Con, hot water etc all working as expected. The Deira Shopping Mall is literally across the hotel.Buffet Breakfast was included in my package and was very good quality with ample options.I would certainly stay there again if i ever went to Dubai.	
Dec 17 2008	worst staff ever	i hope this dosnt sound petty but i was in shock id just travelled through south east asia and arrived at the hotel very late have booked and paid online with asiarooms, and apon arrival were told that they hadnt recieved payment and we would have to pay again, so we gave credit card details before going to bed and were told we couldnt have breakfast until this was sorted out. so next morning got up and bernd at the desk gave us a number to ring our bookin agent and only after alot of pushing did he make the call himself, we had one day in dubai and these bunch of morons ruined it, hotel itself is clean and modern couldnt fault the building but the staff were shocking, and on checking out i heard someone else in the exact same situation as us so obviously it happens alot. sorry if this sounds nasty but i was shocked	
Dec 11 2008 	Good hotel near City center shopping mall just a min walk	Check-in smoothly, good quiet room, bed is not that bad , breakfast i think its better to have a breakfast at the city center shipping center and location perfect but some times no taxis but you can cross to the shipping center to have one . if you get a car they have a good and big basement parking over all its good modren and nice .but i prefer to stay next time in the Novotel Deira City Centre its a 4 star hotel with the same location and better service	
Dec 9 2008 	loved it!!	my husband and i stayed at this hotel for 7 nights,it is a very beautiful hotel,brand new,with free internet and shuttle bus to jumeirah beach,the double room is simple,u don't get much luxury but i think it is good for the price,being a budget hotel and it is directly opposite the deira city centre mall,where u can get free shuttle buses to mst parts of dubai.Already planning anther trip to dubai	
Jan 24 2009	Rapport Qualité/Prix imbattable		
