Oct 17 2009 	The Best Hotel we have EVER staying in. Perfect Honeymoon!	My husband and I staying in the Arabian Court for 5 days for our honeymoon and we cannot recommend this hotel enough. It was like a dream! As soon as we arrived we were given a refreshing drink and cold towel - we were &quot;bonged in&quot; and called us &quot;Mr and Mrs Hot&quot; which we thought was hillarious!We were taken to our room and I received a huge bouquet of flowers to congratulate us on our marriage. We also received a present - a gorgeous photo frame. We were stunned. Our room was huge and beautiful. You could not fault it.We were on the half board deal which I would recommend as otherwise you would really spend a fortune. We still spent a considerable amount as alcohol is expensive. The food was the standard of high class restaurants in London, we were incredibly impressed. We had actually booked into Gordon Ramsey's restaurant but cancelled as the food was so amazing here.As we were a honeymoon couple the hotel gave us breakfast in bed one morning. It reminded me of the scene in Pretty Woman when Richard Gere orders the whole menu for Julia Roberts! We felt so special!I could go on and on about how special this hotel is, seriously you must go! The staff really cannot do enough for you, it is amazingly clean and beautiful. Luxury does not even cover it! You could never regret staying here, we cannot wait to go back!	
Oct 8 2009 	The Finest Hotel That WE Have Ever Stayed In	We were fortunate to locate an excellent package with a travel company which, through Emirates, enabled us to stay here for four days via Mauritius (see Le Tropical Hotel).Well, after the modest surroundings of our first week, the understated quality of The Arabian Court just oozed class and it was certainly our finest stay anywhere.Everything was spot on from start to finish and we have no criticisms at all .(The hotel is next to the Jumeirah Palm and the Gateway monorail station which is the land end of the system which has been built next door about 100 metres away. This reduces the view along the beach towards the Burj al Arab, but that is all.)We loved the building, the room, the food and the beach so there is nothing more to add other than superlatives. A marvellous experience.	
Oct 7 2009 	Best Hotel I have ever visited.	This is the best hotel I have stayed at in 20 years of visiting Dubai. Everything that could be done to ensure you enjoyed your holiday was done without question. All staff members were absolutely fantastic and could not have been more helpful.We certainly intend to return.	
Oct 5 2009 	An Oasis of Tranquility	On arrival at the hotel the reception staff were friendly and efficient and as we'd driven from Abu Dhabi to Dubai our car was valet parked for us. The hotel is built in traditional arabic style with lots of marble, archways, candles, cushions, camels and traditional arabic furniture. This is a refreshing change from the usual 5* hotels that are all modern but lacking that uniqueness. Our room was huge with a lovely balcony overlooking the very mature gardens which are maintained to a very high standard. All the usual things were available, flat screen TV, hairdrier, mini bar etc. etc. But no tea and coffee making facilities, so take your travel kettle!The Arabian Court is on a complex which includes the Arabian Palace and the Residences and you are able to eat at any of the many restaurants. Booking is advisable though as they are very popular. All of them were great, and the food fantastic. Lunch at the Eau Zone overlooking the beach is just perfect. Of course the drinks are very expensive, starting at £7 for a glass of dry white wine or a glass of beer, and it doesn't get cheaper buying a bottle. If you eat in the Beach Bar and Grill or the Morrocan restaurants in the Palace and select a mezzeh to start, one is sufficent for two persons, don't order two!The pool area is lovely with attention to detail; sunglasses cleaned, constant iced drinking water, fresh fruit and cool towels for wiping faces. Although the hotel was full we always managed to get a sunbed. There is also an adults only area with Gazebos next to the pool, which is very quiet.Don't forget to visit the new Dubai Mall, particularly after 6.00 pm to see the fountain displays that operate every half hour - they are breathtaking.We did a speed cruiser trip for 50 minutes that left from the hotel water sports. It was just over £100 but if you get a few people to share its obviously cheaper. You are taken around the Palm to see the Atlantic Hotel and the villas and then over to the Marina and through the Marina area which is now fully open - a great trip at high speed!We've previously stayed in the Jumiera Beach Hotel and the Atlantic Palm Hotel and to be honest the Royal Mirage beats them on all levels - you can't get any better recommendation that someone wanting to return to a hotel - and that's exactly what we intend to do.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good off peak break on half board	Having been over 10 years since I was last in Dubai there are a lot more choices when it comes to hotels. We were looking for a week of guaranteed sunshine and the least amount of holiday hassle possible. We considered a few hotels and had recommendations for The One and Only, Mina A' Salam and The Atlantis. We opted for the One and Only but did however visit both the other hotels during our stay and were very happy that we decided not to stay at either of them. They were both very big hotels with a lot of people bustling about, trying to get away from the London hussle and bussle it seemed like The Atlantis and Mina A' Salam were big Disney style resorts very &quot;themed&quot;.Back to our stay, we caught an overnight flight so arrived at the hotel for around 09:00 they checked us in ushered us to a room we were able to have breakfast (tea, cakes and fruit) while our room was made ready. We had booked to stay on a half board basis so not sure if everyone gets this. After this we were taken to our room, all the rooms seem to look out towards the sea, it's relatively low hotel by comparison only 4 floors so from our 2nd floor room we mostly saw palm trees. The rooms are a good size all with balconies, separate bath and shower and a plus for me was enough towels for when your partner snags the 2 big ones for her hair and body and you end up with the hand towel, I presume there were 3 or 4 large towels. I am informed that the hair shampoo and conditioner were very good as well as the moisturiser (I have no idea about these things).The hotel is split into 3 so there is the Arabian Court, The Spa and Residence and The Palace, from walking around the hotel The Palace seems to be the biggest of these, all have access to their own pool / pools and area of the beach. We had access to use all of the facilities with the exception of The Palace pool. Around the pools there were also Adult Only areas as our stay wasn't during a school holiday there were only a few very young children about.We found the staff to be very friendly and would help out were they could the pool attendant booked us the Tennis Courts (complementary) They frequently brought around iced water and fresh fruit to keep you hydrated throughout the day. We also used the Spa but didn't have any big treatments so couldn't comment on how good they are. But we freely used the Steam Room and Gym (they did also have a power plate not sure if there is a charge for this).As we stayed on a half board basis we had both Breakfast and Dinner included, we didn't enquire if we could eat breakfast in other parts of the hotel but it is just a buffet so I suspect the food is the same. It's pretty comprehensive you can also request omelette’s fried, poached eggs in addition to anything that is out. The evening meals can be eaten in any of the hotels Restaurants as we stayed just over a week we had a chance to eat in almost all of them. 2 are buffet style which is good if you want to stack your plate up, but we found the food in the other Restaurants to be of a higher standard (I think this is because you can eat in the others if you are not a resident of the hotel). In the other Restaurants you have the option of the half board menu which is 3 courses and generally you have a choice amongst those. If you stray from the menu you have a 135Dhms per person for food. Our personal favourite of the restaurants was Tangine (North African style).Our returning flight was also an overnight flight we opted not to book a room and had to vacate the room by 12:00. The hotel were more than happy for us to continue to use all of the facilities and gave us what they call a hospitality room to shower and change in when we pleased. (I presume this is a room that is empty during that day).Overall we found it to be a very nice hotel, there is a mono rail station being built for the Palm next to the hotel, currently it's a bit of a concrete block but there was no noise and if you are following the sun it's never in your line of vision. The hotel is close to Palm island so from the Arabian Court beach you do notice all the buildings and Mono Rail but from visiting other hotels I think that it's difficult to find one that doesn't look out over something. I would happily go back to this hotel again although I would be cautious about going during school holidays or peak season if you want a quiet holiday as I suspect it becomes very busy and there isn't separate pools for children.	
Sep 29 2009 	A fantastic stay at a fantastic hotel	Just returned from my Honeymoon at the Arabian Court and we both loved it. First time we have been to Dubai for a proper holiday, normally just stop one night from Australia, so to actually spend some time there was excellent, it has so much to offer.The hotel itself is great, low rise, not too busy, traditional, relaxed, you couldn't ask for more I reckon.The beach is huge, the sea maybe a little on the boring side, snorkelling was quite pointless &quot;oh there's some sand, oh there's some more, etc&quot; But the pools more then make up for it all. We managed to get one of the towel guys to reserve us a great position every day, which was great.All the restaraunts were excellent and the Rooftop bar is a great way to unwind after a heavy day bathing by the pool.I would definitely recommend here for people looking to go to Dubai, but those wanting something understated.As for any worrying about building works, we saw or heard none!	
Sep 20 2009 	Fantastic place to stay with excellent staff and service.	My wife and I are just back from a 2 week holiday, to the Seyschelles and Dubai. We stayed 4 nights at the Arabian Court, and we both feel that this hotel is in the top 5 of hotels we've visited over the years. From arrival you are made to feel special. We were celebrating an anniversary, and the hotel very kindly upgraded us to a huge suite for our stay, which was a very nice gesture. We were allocated a &quot;host&quot;, Krishan, who provided us with his direct contact number, and was there to help with any requests, such as dinner reservations and transport. We seen him a number of times throughout our stay, and he was always giving us recommendations for things to do, and keen to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.The hotel is stunning, and after looking at the other hotel, the Royal Palace, I think the Arabian Court is a far more interesting, and initimate place to stay on the resort. The palace seems much bigger, and whilst still a beautiful hotel, the Arabian Court has much more in the way arabian rchitecture, such as domes and intricate floor mosaics. We ate in Ninas which is part of the Arabian Court, and Tangine, which is in the Royal Palace (The hotel has a shuttle bus between the sites, if its too hot to walk!). Ninas serves Indian style food, which I would thoroughly recommend. The food is some of the best we had during our 2 week trip. They offer a set menu, which changes every day and ala-cart. The staff are also very friendly and we went here twice, so it must have been good. We also ate at Tangine, which is morrocan themed, which was also very good, and authentic. The staff here were also great, making suggestions for different courses, which resulting in us both trying food we would normally not have ordered.The staff in the hotel seem keen to ensure your having the best possible time no matter what they're role is, something a number of 5 star hotels haven't yet managed. The rooms are excellent and there are plenty of places to eat in the resort.Based on this visit, I would certainly recommend this hotel in dubai. I'll also be looking for One &amp; Only resorts when booking future holidays.	
Sep 18 2009 	PURE LUXURY	booked to go to Turkey with my family, but after finding a brilliant deal on the Virgin site, we cancelled Turkey and went back to Dubai for the third year running. It was bed, breakfast and free evening meal. After arriving and feeling like royalty when they banged a gong as we entered , we were shown to our room at about 8.20 in the morning. We then went out exploring. Beautiful gardens extending the length of the 2 other sister hotels. The 3 pools were rarely more than half full. Sam and Michael would keep the children amused for hours before doing aqua aerobics and adult games later on. You could dine at any of the resturants for evening meal and each of them were 1st class, all of them catering for children. The location of the hotel was very good, close to everything. Each and everyone of the staff were great, the friendliest in Dubai. About the only complaint I can think of is the high price of alcohol but that can be said for virtually any hotel in Dubai.	
Sep 4 2009 	Luxury stop over at this incredible hotel	We used Dubai as a stop-over for two nights and we really couldn't have picked a better hotel. Great location, lovely room, a superb array of top-notch restaurants, helpful staff and plenty going on day and night. We were able to use all the facilities of the whole One and Only resort, not just those at Arabian Court. Wish we were there longer!	
Aug 18 2009 	First Class all the way!	We visited Dubai on a friends recommendation who had been going there for years with his family. Firstly we didn't think it would be for us - not being huge shoppers, as this is what it seems people do in Dubai all the time! Also we would be bringing our 19 month old son.The Arabian Court at the One and Only is just wonderful. Its luxurious beyond belief, from the bedrooms to the restaurants to all the pubic areas such as the pools, gardens beach etc. the service is exceptional, the staff are so friendly and helpful especially accommodating to children. The room was a good size and had all the amenities you would expect. The balcony was not huge, but at this time of year it was too hot to sit out on it anyhow. The private beach was great and never crowded. Staff were always on hand to help with anything you wanted, butwere never 'in your face'. In terms of the location, as I mentioned, we were just happy to enjoy the hotel and its amenities and for the 10 nights we spent we just relaxed and took it easy. There are loads of restaurants and each we visited was very different - the Eau Zone at night was our favourite.The luxury was what we enjoyed best - this was a one off, we wouldn't really be interested in visiting Dubai again. The least favourite bit of our trip was probably the humidity, but you do get used to it a bit. August is very hot 43plus degrees with humidity 75%. the sea temperture was 37%!!!!All the negetive bits were not re the hotel.	
Aug 4 2009 	fantastic place to stay in Dubai!	Firstly before I write my review I would like to comment on the 'Brit Bashing' that seems to be taking place on this forum. Please don't stereotype all British people as being 'larger louts' the majority of us are not!Grievances out of the way, i'll continue...We stayed at the Arabian Court 4 yrs ago as part of our honeymoon and returned in July for our anniversary. The hotel is just as outstanding as it was then. All staff are friendly, rooms are clean and of a high standard-nice touches include the 'Aladdin' slippers, cards left on the bed and fresh fruit bowl everyday. On the day we celebrated our anniversary we received a vase of flowers, picture frame and spa goods which really topped off our day. All the restaurants at the Arabian Court are fantastic-I can really recommend the chefs table at Eau Zone! we ventured over to the Palace and although lovely I am glad we chose to stay at the Arabian Court again. The palace seemd far too big and busy where A.C seems more intimate and exclusive somehow. I would thoroughly recommend staying at this hotel.	
Aug 1 2009 	Absolutely great - best hotel experience so far	I went to the One &amp; Only Royal Mirage Arabian Court with my partner for 8 nights at the end of July. I am lucky that my work enables me to stay in some fantastic hotels in the UK and beyond and yet this hotel experience was the best yet. The rooms are great (not the best ever, but really good for a standard room) but it is the service that puts this place ahead of anywhere else. We checked in late at night and were greeted by a number of staff and the gong was banged. Check in was quick and efficient and we were shortly taken to our room. Room was great - spacious with a great bathroom. Before we had arrived I had E Mailed the hotel and told them it was our anniversary and they had put flowers, notes from the hotel manager and a gift in the room for us.We ate in all of the restaurants (we had the half board package) in both the Arabian Court and the Palace. I think my favourite was the Eau Zone but I would also highly recommend the Beach Bar &amp; Grill and Nina. On our last night we ate at the Chef's table in Eau Zone - you have a 5 course meal cooked in front of you on a large private table. This was one of the highlights of our holiday - we were made to feel so special.The pool area and beach are excellent. The guys who work round the pool offer a faultless service bringing iced water, fruit, drinks and taking you to sunbeds etc. After our first morning we were recognised and greeted by name and taken to 'our' sunbeds. Particular mention to Naveen who recognised my partner from a previous stay over a year ago! It was really hot while we were there (42-44degrees each day and rarely going below 35 degrees at night) but within a day or so we were pretty acclimatised and the heat didn't bother us (as long as we could regularly get into the pool)We went to the water park at Atlantis which was a really good day. We went on the Monorail which runs right outside the hotel - we were the only ones on there! The concierge team were also excellent - they recommended some really good bars and clubs for us to try and got us on the guest list at the new Cavalli Club. I really cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. If you go in the summer they do some amazing deals.	
Jul 14 2009 	Another good trip to Dubai	Went to Dubai on 1 july for 10 nights, this will be my 6 trip in 2 years to the UAE.booked it with my respectiful company Value Added Travel, spoke a bloke name of Bobby babs, he recommened this hotel, told me that they had free nights with free half board, the hotel was a 5 star luxury hotel, trust me he was not wrong, flew with Emirates took my wife and my son 10 year old, did not know what to expect cause of my son, but when we got there fell in love with the hotel straight away. As we got there there welcoming was excellent, did not feel i was in Dubai, the half board we got was excellent, we could go to any of the three properties restaurants to eat, the food was excellent, it is buffet but excellent, so many choices of food, did not know where to start and where to finish. i recommend this hotel for couples, familys and honeymooners this place is really good, got a lovely view of the palm island, my room was facing the sea, nice breeze in the mornings. staying at this hotel they gave free access to the water park at the Atlantis, took us there complimentary , really good, i would like to thank Value added travel for another real good holiday, espicailly bobby babs and Jake who booked my previous holday to this.	
Jun 27 2009 	A 5* Hotel with 6* Service	Just arrived from after a week and half at the One &amp; Only Royal Mirage Arabian Court Hotel. Great Hotel with great Restaurants. Stayed at the Palace last year (the sister hotel)and the are both equally good. Definately recommend the half board option. Also look out for 3 nights + 1 night free deals as it makes the trip far better value for money. Staff are fantastic from Gihan our room valet to Sam the beach assistant to all the guys at Nina Rest't. Absolutely A++. The only downside I can think of is that it can get a little noisy occasionally with the works going on at the adjacent car park site. (Should finish soon).I'm sure you will definately not be disappointed with this choice of hotel. I'm ready to go back!Sem from London.	
Jun 26 2009 	Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic........	Could not fault this holiday in anyway apart from the building works at palm island opposite the hotel beach. This spoils the view from the beach but is only temporary and will probably look as grand as everywhere else when it is finished! I consider my standards to be very high and this exceeded my expectations. If there was something I could add I would like tea making facilities in the room [Typically Britsh!] Whilst mentioning typically british, I am finding some of the reviews mentioning brits &amp; Benidorm very offensive. The reviews actually do show that the British have far more manners than some as I have not seen a review written by a brit slating other nationalities in the way we are rudely &amp; reguarly condemmed.On a lighter note THE MASHED POTATOES IN THE ARABIAN COURT BUFFET WAS TO DIE FOR !!!!!!!!!!!! Our party of 4 adults would like to say a big thank you to the amazing friendly and very helpful staff who made our 5 day stay so special. We will definately be back.	
Jun 21 2009 	Package Tour Nirvana	Our stay was 2 nights on the way back from the Maldives to UK, we wanted to stay elsewhere but left it late and took the agents advice that the Arabian Court was a gem, I asked why it was so cheap if its a gem ........Picked up from the airport and taken to the door perfectly, ushered in and they gonged our arrival (lovely) then we checked in with perfect staff in an impressive building - THEN it hit me, a young lady (looked UK and about 18) walked through reception with a blown up inflatible crocodile, I was amazed, then all sorts of Benidorm types were shuffling through mainly over 60 and UK looking. We were shown to our rooms - very very good our standard room had all we need apart from a coffee machine, we unpacked and explored for a while - it seems the hotel has a mainly UK clientel of under 30 or over 60 and I question the marketing in the UK or maybe they are just desperate to get heads on beds ?? Overall the hotel is clean, impressive and deserves a better quality of visitor than the ones present when we were there, I am sue they didnt intend to appeal to the under 30 / over 60 package market as the on site shops had some very pricey quality items for sale.If your offered the Court or the Palace in a package holiday at a good deal then you wont be disapointed however if you want a little more exclusivity they you certainly will be.	
Jun 10 2009 	fantastic !	Arrived just after midnight to a very warm and professional welcome. Refreshing drink and cold towels. Signing in and details given very quickly which is just what you need after a long flight and straight to the room. Deluxe room - very nicely appointed and furnished - spotlessly clean. Only downside is view is distorted by large trees and the new metro station to the right. We were on a half board plan and had some concerns as to how much we would get in credit but this was no problem. Choice of restuarants and menus fantastic and food was heavenly - even the buffett restaurant was of a good standard.Service was excellent both in the hotel and around the pool or beach. Desssert Safari organised for us by concierge and was excellent. They also arranged for us to go to Atlantis for visit and having been offered this as an option for the holiday I was glad I had not gone there. Very touristy and extremely busy. Also all the shops and restaurants seemed very expensive. As I used the previous reviews to help me choose my holiday it prompted me to write a review and unfortunately there was only one downside for us which was the nightlife after dinner. There really wasn't any except the Kasbar nightclub which we felt was somewhere where regulars attended and we felt a bit alienated. Apart from this if you are looking for a relaxing, romantic and good quality holiday then this is the place to go. I would go back at a drop of a hat and having visited Dubai before on a number of occassions this is the best hotel.	
May 19 2009 	Beautiful Ocean Front Property	Hotel can be sumed up in one word. Beautiful. It is terribly relaxing and welcoming. It is one of the trendiest properties on jumeira beach as well. The staff made an effort to know you by name and enjoyed having a chat to the guests - which i believe is a nice thing for them and us! - I was on half board and found the food to be of a very high quality, the room service was also very good. I recommend Nina resteraunt and from my experience the eateries in the Arabian Court were better than the sister hotel The Palace. The quality of furnishing was very high with a very tradditional and welcoming room. The rooms are also very large and include all the luggage space that one would need., large plasma tv's and fresh fruit. Living in Abu Dhabi I have had the luxury of vivsting many properties along the gulf coast. I can honestly say that the One and Only is one of the best if not the BEST in Dubai. For those of you who are posibly considering the atlantis - dont. I will echo what has been said previously, nice for a day trip but for UK readers it is very much like an Upmarket butlins, and even if you are paying top dollar you still will not recieve the intimate service afforded at the one and only.The only gripe I had was the amount of Brits. As I have said all my life you can always tell a british holiday maker, which is unfortunate but not to be helped by the Hotel. Keep up the good work and make sure you do not let the cities reputation of being an overpriced building site put guests off.	
Apr 27 2009 	Magical costly holiday but worth every penny!	I loved Dubai, thought that the One&amp;Only Arabian Court was brilliant and if I ever went back anywhere twice, it would be here. Or Hawaii... But, anyway.Here's what I loved:A) The tranquility - sure, they were building the new metro station, but I could only see, not hear it.B) The reception - cold drinks and cold flannels = most welcome.C) The buffet breakfast in The Rotisserie - so delicious and so much choice.D) The exclusivity of the hotel, but the fact that it is completely unstuffy.E) That there are loads of families around, but not once was I annoyed with whingeing or crying, babies or toddlers.F) Plates of melon, poolside.G) Ice cold water, poolside.H) Glasses cleaned, poolside.I) The Oriental Hammam - BLISS - the best ever!J) The gorgeous gardens.K) Being whizzed through the gulf in a donut.L) The rooftop bar at the Arabian Court - so chic (yet STILL child friendly - how do they do it?).M) The interconnecting rooms through a communal corridor, with doors off the main corridor. All family-friendly hotels should have this.N) The bathrooms - wowsers!O) The hhuuuuuugggggeee beds.P) The room leading into the garden.Q) The EauZone restaurant - top marks.R) The bustling entrance to the hotel.S) The cars that take you between the residences.T) The choice of restaurants and bars.U) The fact that it was at full occupancy but didn't feel claustrophobic.V) Water basketball.W) Water aerobics.X) Not too many Brits.Y) Lots of charming Swedish people.Z) Pretty much everything.And the flipside (there won't be 26 of these!)A) An issue with Dubai, not specifically this hotel. Why oh why oh why is everything so expensive? It kind of grates to pay £4 for a small bottle of water. At The Atlantis (where we spent the day), we had to pay to get into Aquaventure, then pay for a locker, then pay for a towel, then pay for... Oh! You get the gist! The ONLY thing that is reasonably priced in Dubai are the taxis.B) The rooms were a little dark. Hardly worth complaining about, but I'm scraping the barrel here.C) Oh, I have a 27th love - the plate of fruit that we received every day. Great for the kiddiwinks to snack up on!While we were in Dubai we did the following:A day at Aquaventure (brilliant water park - very costly) Awesome hotel including amazing aquariums and boutique shops. Well worth a visit, even to gawp.A meal at Planet Hollywood (eurgh! To be avoided at all costs).A trip to the Emirates Mall - make sure you cover up your shoulders out of respect, ladies.An evening at the Medinat Souk, including a meal at the Lebanese restaurant and a ride in a gondola - such good fun and yummy food.A meal at the Atlantis, at the Italian restaurant Locatelli's. Not great, I'm afraid.A trip to the Dubai marina - nice at night.We were there for five days and it was about the perfect amount of time. Our kids are six and 12 and the temperature was perfect - like a very warm UK summer with a lovely breeze.If you're thinking about Dubai and specifically the O&amp;O, we say GO!RachelPS I am a travel journalist and will be writing a 'proper' review for Wedding Ideas magazine shortly.	
Apr 7 2009 	gorgeous	my son and i stayed at the one and only in dubai for only 3 short days, but it was beautiful...the room was a deluxe..nice, a view of the grounds and pool...the staff was very friendly, helpful...it was a lovely stay..much too short...they suggeseted some great tours..one i would recommend is the desert safari tour..a really fun outing.	
Mar 3 2009 	Good enough for a short break.	Nothing wrong with the physical structure at all. The hotel, the grounds and the beach were fine. The sea wasn't particularly clean, but then there's so much building going on that expecting more would have been unreasonable. The rooms were very comfortable and regularly attended.We felt let down by a lack of local knowledge amongst the staff. When you're paying proper 5-star prices, you expect good local knowledge and you don't expect to struggle to get it. Nobody helped us make the most of our stay.Examples: the staff had a curiously relaxed attitude to calling for taxis and we were often left waiting for more than 15 mins; they gave taxi drivers wrong instructions on two occasions (I could have given them myself but I think they were trying to ingratiate themselves to us).The food we ate in the hotel was of a good standard, but again the service was a little lacklustre. There was little room for taking breakfast outside considering the number of guests, so we usually had to wait for a table. We did not sense any hurry to get us seated. We took an evening meal in the buffet restaurant with a plentiful array of hot and cold food: the fillet steak on offer was tender and delicious, but we had to stop the chef from slicing it thinly and grilling it to a cinder; there was roast beef but no gravy.However, I wonder whether my criticisms should be levelled at Dubai as a resort in general, rather than at the hotel. This was our first trip to the area. Could it be that the calibre of the staff is the limiting factor? Maybe I'm wrong.........	
Feb 18 2009 	Good location Good Rooms Bad Attitude Staff Across	I would not pick this hotel, Service Attitude is not up to standard, and not on one encounter but multiple satff encounters.	
Dec 26 2008 	Still a great hotel	Have stopped here many times over the years, Still very good, though we had to complain over the 1st room they gave us, due to cig burns on the bed and room smelling of smoke! However all was OK with the new room. Would return, however the sea is not the same since they have built the Palm. No longer feels clean.	
Nov 11 2009 	ausgezeichnet		
Sep 26 2009 	Schönes Hotel mit Einschränkungen.....		
May 28 2009 	Tout simplement superbe !!!		
