Nov 21 2009 	Simply superb in every aspect !!	From the moment we landed on UAE soil, we were treated like royalty. We were swiftly taken past immigration and driven in a (complimentary) limousine to the hotel. Even arriving several hours before the official check-in time, we got our gigantic club executive room within 2 minutes.From then on we were ALWAYS received with a smile and a helping hand, from any of the staff members, who seem to now you all by name within a day.If you have high standards regarding service and quality, be sure that this hotel, and its staff, will actually go the extra mile and beyond your every expectation.Tip: take one of the executive club rooms, with access to the executive lounge, with its compimentary breakfast, light lunch and dinner appetizers. Also the room and its ammenities are topclass, and the view from the 43rd floor is absolutely unforgettable.Also the shuttlebus to the &quot;shoreside&quot; beachclub (fantastic) and the Madinat Jumeirah are great, especially to get an idea of getting your way around the first couple of days.Conclusion: I shall be a very happy person if I ever get the chance to stay at the Emirates Towers again in future.	
Nov 8 2009 	deluxe suite room	one of the most royal experience( Emirates Towers) in the most luxurious city-dubai	
Nov 2 2009 	Best Stopover Hotel Stay Ever (	Hotel: Beautiful, rooms are amazing - we were upgraded to a suite which was simply the best room i have ever stayed in. The bathroom was the size of a normal hotel room plus after living it rough in europes absurdly overpriced small rooms i was gobsmacked. The room had two B&amp;O tv's with excellent movie and news chanels, and you could order from a long list of DVD;s. We had our own expresso machine in the room and everyday at midday they would bring us a platter of fruit and some deserts to have with our coffee. We were on the highest floor so we had a great view of the dust!Room Service: Awesome food - we had deserts, club sandwiches and some drinks and it cost us next to nothing maybe $50AUD or 150AED which is so cheap for room service food at 1 in the morning. Food: In the Mall next door there is a great asia resteraunt that serves your usual pad thai, peeking duck, rendang curries etc grab a meal and a drink each for about $40AUD for two people or 120AED.Mall: In addition to the Asian resteraunt the mall had a great sunglass an optomitrist that had a sale on for 50% - they were basically the same price as the other malls and had a great selection. The best thing about the mall in the hotel is that its empty so if you do want to look at some of the prohibitvely expensive designer goods you can do so without 50 people getting in your way.Location:This hotel is perfectly located - not more than $30AED to further place of interest eg Burk Al Arab/Wadi World or Emirate Mall ?(the one with the skiing) which is about $10AUD or $9USD. Breakfast: is excellent - they provide home made yogurt and freshly made bircher which is great if you dont like eating bacon and eggs or fried rice for breakfast. They also have fresh strawberries and blueberries etc and they will make you pancakes which is a nice touch. Coffee was decent too.To do: they provide free wadi world tickets for guests (which is a 30aed taxi ride away). The mall closest to the hotel (the one with the aquarium in it) is the best in my opinion. They also offer hotel guests access to the Burj Al Arab hotel for free at certain times.Airline tips: for those who fly into Abu Dhabi with Etihad the hotel is very close to the bus drop off point at Chelsea towers and you can check you baggage in there. When i say close it cost us 10aed to get there which is about 4 mins in a cab. The dubai airport is also very close.I think my overall perception of the hotel was skewed by the fact taht we were upgraded but from posts written below it appears taht they do it quite often. The thing is these guys really looked after us and i walked into the hotel wearing thongs(flip flops for our americn friends here) shorts and a grubby tshirt that i spilt food on during the flight and i had a months worth of bread grwoth untaimed so i must have looked like a bum.He also allowed me to have a late checkout and cancelled my last night as i had paid for a night even though i intended to checkout late.Everyone in this hotel is groomed to perfection and i have never received the service i have here anywhere else.Id highly recommend this as a stopover hotel if you want to relax and have excellent access to dubais main attractions + eat affordably and well	
Oct 23 2009 	GITEX	Great staff and reception as well as luxurious facilities. A classy hotel to call you home for however many days you are on business in Dubai. Just don't think of buying any clothes in the attached shopping mall; unless you're happy with prices like £300GBP for a plain white cotton shirt! In short, extremely expensive brand-name shops surround the hotel. You're better off taking a short taxi ride to the Dubai mall or crossing Sheikh Zayed road to the shops surrounding the Holiday Inn.	
Oct 9 2009 	Some niggles but overall fine.	I arrived at the hotel at 5.30am when very few other people were around, so one would expect that staff would be falling over themselves to see to a new guest! Not the case - the things that would have made a difference on arrival (being offered a facecloth or a drink) were neglected. Then, when I got to my room and called reception with a query, it took a good few minutes for someone to answer and a further 10 minutes to answer a fairly simple query (what time the restaurant opened for breakfast!).Despite initial misgivings, the hotel, on the whole, was fine. Thr room was very large although some elements were rather dated (eg. old phones, cathode ray tv). But the mains things I look for - a comfortable bed, decent bathroom with a good selection of amenities and a desk to work from were well met.I ordered room service a couple of times and that was good - pricey, but reasonanly quick.The breakfast buffet was particularly broad, with lots of cooked options, bread, pastries and cereal as well as the Arabic and Japanese/Asian options.I spent a bit of time in the gym and pool which was great, although rather bizarrely the changing rooms are some distance from the pool. The staff in the gym/pool area were particularly attentive.The hotel has a mini-shopping mall attached and as a result eating options are quiet varied for such a hotel - from memory, there were around 14 restaurants. I tried the bar at the very top which was rather pokey and expensive - good if someone else is paying the bill! Also ate at the Rib Room and was rather disappointed - the wagyu steak was anything but tender and the Lebanese wine at £100 a bottle was rather bland. The did do good chips, however.Overall, the stay was fine and comfortable.	
Sep 25 2009 	First Class Service	Room size, quality and decor are what you'd expect from an international 5 star, but what struck was the quality of service. Staff were attentive without being overwhelming, keen to ensure a good stay and very engaged. Following a small incident by housekeeping where one of my wife's perfumes was damaged she was presented with a replacement, my car was 'dripped on' by the sprinklers in the hotel car park the staff offered to arrange a wash &amp; wax and pay for any damage (car is fine - since it was only water). Restaurant staff equally good eg remembering how I liked my eggs and espresso at breakfast. Bar on the top floor was great too (no children). Room service excellent, spa and pool are a nice hideaway. Highly recommended.	
Sep 22 2009 	lovely jumeirah	never I suggest this hotel to anyone, because its hard to leave it.lovely atmosphere, nice staf and on time service made me feel home there.	
Sep 15 2009 	Great hotel in a convenient location	Stayed only for 2 nights in an Apex Suite on a really good weekend offer, pay 1 night, get 1 night free. Meet and greet at the airport in the Jumeirah waiting area was very easy and the Mercedes whisked us away quickly to the hotel. Bags left with the bellhops and we were shown immediately to our corner suite on 21st floor and checked in within the suite quickly. Had a look around the hotel and the lobby was busy despite it being ramadan and no drinks being served. However, in the club executive lounge soft drinks were served all day, with breakfast, snacks throughout the day and canapes and alcoholic drinks (inc champagne) from 7.30pm until 1am. It was very quiet in the exec lounge and a welcome respite away from the busyiness of Dubai. Lyndsey (Asst. lounge manager) was really nice and it was great having a chat with her before we left. The corner suite was wonderful with a small hallway, leading onto a toilet/sink and lounge/dining area with desk for laptop etc, around the corner was the main bathroom with large shower, toilet, bidet, bath with window over looking the main road and a glimpse of the Burj Tower and a single sink. All amenities were Aigner Black and 2 robes were provided with slippers available too. As we arrived late on a Thursday, we didn't both eating and just had a few snacks in the club lounge before retiring. The next evening (after a fairly heavy shopping trip) and a very relaxing drink, we dined in the Rib Room and had a very nice steak which was easy to cut unlike some of our steaks in the UK which can be tough. We did try to get in to Vu restaurant but was advised as it was a Friday during Ramadan it would be closed. The pool is relatively small but adequate for a business hotel in the daytime as most people are at work. The gave out cold water, evian spray and cold towels while sunbathing. Having checked with the concierge what time the car would be available, we were collected promptly and dropped at the airport with no problems at all. Our bags were see to throughout by the hotel and then the airport staff which made life really easy. Overall, a very nice stay for a couple of nights, with easy access to most things by taxi.	
Sep 9 2009 	what trip....	It was just awosome to stay in the hotel with all the services provided you dont like to leave	
Sep 6 2009 	Excellent Hotel outstanding service.	We stayed here to celebrate our anniversary weekend and upon arrival were upgraded to a club executive room, which was on the 44th floor and with a separate seating area.We found the service to be excellent, from the porters to the reception and waiting staff, without exception.The rooms was well equipped, with a large luxurious bathroom, a very comfortable bed and a nice seating area with excellent views over Sheikh Zayed Road and out to the sea.Although we stayed during Ramadan, the hotel still offered drinks by the pool and there were restaurants open, although the opening hours were a little different from usual. Also, as it was Ramadan, the hotel was quieter than would have been expected and the restaurants and shops in the attached Boulevard were very very quiet. The hotel is primarily a business hotel, but as leisure travellers, we found nothing lacking, and even had the option of a free shuttle service to the Jumeirah Beach hotel and Wild Wadi waterpark. The little touches made it stand out from other hotels - the cold towels, water and evian sprays at the pool were very welcome in the Dubai heat!An absolute must do is a cocktail in Vu's bar, not the cheapest in Dubai, but certainly the best view - on the 51st floor.Overall we had a very enjoyable stay in a very well presented 5 star hotel, with impeccable service (nothing is overlooked!) and will definitely be back.	
Jul 6 2009 	Great for business	Arrived here for a leisure break - Excellent quality hotel - rooms very spacious and well appointed. Free wifi. Very very tall - not for those who suffer from vertigoBeach club arrangements with jumeriah beach hotel - and free tickets to the water park - all no grief. As with all hotels in this chain, staff were uniformly excellent. Lovely pool and health club. Overall a great hotel for business, for leisure i would go jumeriah beach	
Jun 7 2009 	Good for business not good for tourists	We chose to stay at Emirates Towers as my husband has stayed here on business on many occasions and thoroughly enjoyed it. Emirates Towers is located centrally, about 15 minutes from the airport, and opposite the Stock Exchange. We were greeted on arrival at the airport by a gleaming BMW and well dressed driver, who give us cold towels and water. The driver was very courteous and really only spoke to check that we were ok and that the A/C was set for our comfort.On arrival at the hotel we were whisked straight up to our room on the 43 floor. Check in was swift but the lady didn’t tell us anything about the executive club lounge or what we had access to, or the fact that no shorts were allowed in the Executive Club lounge after 6pm (which we were later told off for). A friendly porter dropped off out luggage and showed us some basic things like how the A/C works. We did ask the porter for some ice, but this never arrived.The room was small by Dubai standards. We did have a good view of Diera towards the creek though. The office space was quite well equipped but there was no laptop (but there was free internet access if you had our own laptop). We later found out that internet access in the business centre is not free unless you are staying in a suite or all you want to do is to check in to your flight online. The lounge area in the room was comfortable and canapés and fruit were delivered in the evenings. There were a good selection of magazines and a rather smart coffee machine.The bathroom was small but well equipped with bath, large power shower and men’s toiletries. I don’t think they realised that I was coming, so no female toiletries. The bed was large but the pillows were the worse we have ever come across.The Executive Club lounge is a fantastic space with panoramic windows looking over Sheikh Zayed Road, with comfortable arm chairs, and two large flat screen TVs, one showing the news and the other showing sport. Unfortunately though, this lovely area did not make up for the very snooty service. This is the first Executive Club lounge that I have been to that we were not allowed to help ourselves to drinks and that the food was cleared away without being finished. We were also told off for wearing shorts after 6pm, and they did not accept that we were not told this on arrival. The food was a bit hit and miss in quality and flavour. I would normally advocate spending the extra money on the Executive Club, but as a tourist, I don’t think it represents good value for money at Emirates Towers.Service throughout the hotel in general was a bit slack. We tried to call reception a few times to ask various questions and either we were told to call someone else or we were cut off. Everything we asked seemed to be a bit of a pain for them. Nonetheless, on leaving the hotel, one member of staff recognised my husband, and was falling over himself helping us. It’s a shame that we could not have had a level of service somewhere in between this enthusiastic guy and the snooty staff in the Executive Club lounge.The outdoor swimming pool at the hotel is a relatively good size considering that the hotel is in downtown Dubai and doesn’t have the space as the hotels on the beach, but it is over looked by offices. Also you don’t get the same poolside service that you do in other hotels. The gym is well equipped also with a good range of cardio-equipment and weights.I am a big fan of the Jumeirah properties, but Emirates Towers was a thorough disappointment. From what I saw, this hotel makes a fantastic business hotel – it’s very businessman orientated – stiff service, no charm and certainly no appreciation for tourists.There are much better hotels to stay in for the same money if you are a tourist that will display Dubai’s charm and hospitality much better. I’m not saying that I would never stay here again, but it would have to be either if there was a bargain deal or if my husband is on business.	
May 31 2009 	Upscale city hotel; Ideal for business	Everything about Jumeirah Emirates Towers hotel screams professionalism. From the lobby filled with businessmen talking over coffee and tea, to the quiet glass elevators that whisk you to your room with a view, to the rooms themselves - tastefully decorated and complete with every essential (desk, internet access, robe, slippers, etc.). The towers themselves are a landmark in Dubai and stand out against the landscape with their innovative design. It's a convenient 20-minute taxi ride from the airport.On our first night, we had dinner at Al Nafoorah, a Lebanese restaurant in the mall attached to the hotel. Food was great and prices reasonable. Service was spotty - sometimes hard to get the waiter's attention. Also, check your bill - ours had double the charges on it when we first got it. We had drinks in the hotel's cocktail bar later on...nice spot, if a bit small. We also tried Awtar at the Hyatt - also fabulous food, but excellent service, live music and belly dancers as well. The hotel's breakfast is well worth the price. You'll be well-fortified through the day and likely won't need to eat until dinner time. It was a huge spread (the same that you'd find in many high-end Asian hotels) - Japanese breakfast (miso soup, rice, noodles), British breakfast (baked beans, etc.), Lebanese breakfast (hummus, yogurt, veggies), omelette station, cheese &amp; breads, pastry section (muffins, croissants, even camel-milk rice pudding, which was delicious).The front desk was helpful in booking us a private tour around the city. For the relatively low price of 120 AED (compared to anywhere in Europe at least), we had a private Lexus and driver at our disposal. If you are visiting Dubai at the time of year, I highly recommend this option. We had considered the hop-on, hop-off bus as well as taking taxis around. Trust me - in 105 degree, humid weather, you do not want to be waiting outside for a bus. Within 8 hours we saw the major sights - tour of the Jumeirah Mosque (this was a highlight - educational tours are offered on certain days of the week at 10am only. the front desk initially told me, a woman, that I wouldn't be able to get in as I didn't have a head scarf or long pants - but they have scarfs and abayas for loan at the mosque, so no worries), Dubai Museum and fort, spice/gold souks (including a boat ride across the creek), Dubai Mall (including Ski Dubai), Madinat Jumeirah and the Burj Al Arab (guests of the Emirates towers hotel can visit the Burj before 11am and I believe after 5pm), the Palm (this part wasn't too exciting - would skip this if you're pressed for time). We were going to have dinner or drinks initially at the Burj Al Arab - my recommendation is that you go visit it first. We felt that our curiousity was satisfied enough and that we didn't need to go back and pay exorbiant prices for what seems to be mediocre food. Would I stay in this hotel again? I'm not sure - it was great and if I were to ever go to Dubai for business, I'd stay there for sure. If I go on another vacation there, I might choose to stay in one of the beach resorts - there are just so many of them and so many interesting options. My overall recommendation for Dubai is to stay away in the summer. It's just too hot to enjoy it. The beach was gorgeous and the hotel has a nice pool - ordinarily I would have loved to take some time to enjoy these...but it was just way too hot. But definitely check out this city - it's so different from any other place!	
May 26 2009 	Great hotel with consistent quality very nice city views	The hotel is consistently good in terms of lcoation, views, amenities and features. Marred somewhat with inconsistent quality check-in staff, specially the ones who man the desk late at night. Excellent gym, great facilities, good restaurants, excellent service, Aigner toileteries	
Apr 15 2009 	Typical Business Hotel	Typical Business hotel. Good lobby and excellent choice of food. Presently they are offering a very good weekend package. Check it out before booking. Ordinary TV in the room; very disappointing	
Mar 12 2009 	no need to go back - other better options	Typical business hotel rip-off. Billed me for $50 or so for supposed mini bar charges that never happened. To me its not the money, its the incompetence of the staff to respond to a complaint. No manager would ever address the issue. No one ever bothered to look and see that I have spent more than $25K over the past six months at their properties. I continued with the issue just to see how long it would go on: Five phone calls, faxes, emails were ignored. Sure Dubai hosts a lot of high-rollers, and maybe they don't need my business or that of my firm (across the roundabout at DIFC) but this is preposterous.	
Feb 6 2009 	For business only and very pour homme	This is a good business hotel and meets all the business requirement you might need. As a female though I found it very male orientated - even the toiletries were &quot;pour homme&quot;. Had drinks in the bar one evening but felt strange as I was a lone female.I did however really enjoy the sushi restuarant and the Lebanese that are in the shopping mall attached to the hotel - food was really good.	
Feb 6 2009 	Drop in Standards	Emirates Towers HotelArrival at Dubai Airport - On arrival at Dubai Airport, we proceeded to the Jumeriah Hotel reception lounge area, where we were greeted by name, and asked to wait for the limousine, as it was delayed due to the fog. The lounge area is comfortable.Our S320 Mercedes arrived, and we were shown to it (had two staff walking with us, but they did not offer to push the trolley).The car was comfortable with bottled water, newspapers and magazines to read. The journey took around 30 minutes.Arrival at Emirates Towers - There was no one to open the car doors (noticeable over the next 5 days that maybe 1 in 6 cars arriving were met by doormen). We went to the reception area, and checked in. I had booked a promotional rate called ‘Gold for Life’ that basically gave you free limo transfers, access to the club lounge and all the amenities associated there (more later), a room up grade if available, 10% discount on all food in the hotel, and late check out. The receptionist was not aware of the promotional rate, and when I asked her if there was an upgrade available, she said we would have to pay an additional US$270 per night. I showed her the print out with all the details of the promotion, and after some time, she up-graded us to a Towers Room from the Deluxe Room. A Towers room is a Deluxe Room on a higher floor. So we were now on the 37th floor instead of the 31st floor.For a hotel of this caliber, I would have expected an escort to the room. Having stayed at the Shangri La, Dusit Thai, Fairmont, Ritz Carlton, and Grosvenor House in Dubai before (as well as Emirates Towers before), my report compares this stay to previous stays at 5 star hotels in Dubai.Room - We made our way to the room, as we had been ‘up-graded’, the room was set out for one person (i.e. in the bathroom one bath towel, one hand towel, one face cloth, etc.) I found this quite odd. The rooms as spacious with good views. The furniture is looking worn, as it the carpet. The TV is not even a flat screen, let alone Plasma and was small. There is a good size work desk with a very comfortable chair, and also a long lounge by the window that served as a day bed / dumping area. Storage space is adequate.There are tea and coffee making facilities in the room, as well as a well stocked mini bar. There was quite a bit of reading material in the room. The bed is king size with a duvet and quality pillows.For the first three mornings I had to call House keeping to get additional towels. On the 4th morning I spoke to guest relations and told them that there should be towels for two guests in the room. They were blasé about it, but I did notice that from that day onwards, the room looked cleaner, the bathroom was well stocked, etc. It was a shame that the house keeping staff had to be told to maintain a 5 star standard.Everyday there was a presentation of one type of fruit and one spice with a detailed note about the spice. This was a nice touch.Room Service - One morning we ordered room service. The order was clearly taken, and the food was delivered in the stipulated time. The trolley was well laid out, with all condiments, etc. Several times we asked for ice, and this was brought promptly.Club Floor - To access the club floor from Floors 10 – 39, you have to take a lift to the ground floor, and then take a lift to the 42nd floor. This was an inconvenience, but with free access, I am not complaining. I overheard some guests who were staying in Apex Suites (a suite on each floor) that they had to do this.The Lounge has a smoking area (after 12:00 noon), and non smoking area’s, as well as board rooms. A full breakfast (better then the breakfast in the main restaurant on the ground floor) is served from 6:30 am -11:30 am. Eggs are cooked to order, and there is a good selection of juices, fruit, cereals, breads, pastries, cheese, and hot foods. Nothing to complain about here. Service was good, courteous and efficient.At around 12:30 a light lunch of sandwiches, cheese, fruit, salads, pastries and desert is served. There are complimentary drinks (including alcohol) from 12:30 pm onwards.At around 4:00 pm afternoon tea is served with scones, pastries, cakes, etc.Then at 6:30 pm it is hot and cold canapé’s including caviar, quail eggs, smoked salmon, crab, prawns, etc. An excellent selection.After 8:30 pm there is a sample of deserts.It is quite possible to eat all of your meals in the lounge with free beverages. It was a great lounge with good service. As we were not staying on the Club Floor, we were asked for our room number on a few occasions, but once the staff knew us, it was fine.Check – outWas efficient and fast. Emirates had sent a car to collect us.OverallService – For a 5 star hotel in Dubai, this was the biggest weakness I saw. 5/10Room – Needs refurbishing. Housekeeping lacks finesse. 5/10Club Lounge – Excellent. 8/10Restaurants – Were a hit and miss. Service is what brought them down. 6/10Would I stay at The Emirates Towers again? No. I did not find it to be value for money, and the lack of service was disappointing.	
Jan 11 2009 	Comfort 	I just spent the weekend on a business trip in the Emirates Towers. Nothing beats the service and friendliness of all staff I encountered during my stay.For business meetings the location is superb and the business facilities for meetings excellent. The hotel and rooms are clearly geared predominantly towards men: Aigner's soaps, the already slightly retro furniture, closet space, and even the male-only gym. The pool is small, though, and didn't seem too welcoming as it is right beside the restaurant. My bedroom was very comfortable, although as mentioned in other reviews the A/C is am annoying sound at night. I was also surprised at the lack of WiFi in the hotel, but happy with the free broadband in the room.I happened to have a room with a view of a huge construction site so that the romance of looking towards the beach was certainly lost on me. The Mall in the the Emirates Towers was stupendous: delicious restaurants and boutiques to die for. This is a great place for business travellers. I would recommend it any time!	
Jan 4 2009 	Phenomenal hotel for the business traveler	Without question the best business hotel I have had the pleasure of staying in. The business center was world-class, the rooms were comfortable, beautifully appointed and spacious, and the service was excellent.	
Dec 26 2008 	City and beach	We have just returned from 8 days of Dubai, with 4 nights at the Jumeirah Emirates Towers. These 4 days were business for me, but I traveled with my wife and 2-yr old son, and they spent most of their time at the beach.The hotel was booked by my employer. I changed the reservation from a standard room to a deluxe room at my own (modest) extra cost. A king sized bed, desk with wired broadband, and a bathroom with bath, single sink, and separate shower. Spacious enough for the three of us (with a baby cot).Check-in was quick, and we were given room 3206. Travel to the 32st floor (out of 51) is done in a glass elevator, which means you can see the sea and the artificial islands of &quot;The World&quot; as soon as you reach above the towers at the other side of Sheikh Zayed road.Broadband did not work immediately, but this was quickly fixed. The room had all necessary amenities, a water cooker, fresh fruit daily, as well as fresh chocolates in the pillows.Our room overlooked the Dubai International Finance Center (DIFC), the Burj Dubai, and, in the distance, the Burj al-Arab. With my work being at the DIFC, this was a very convenient location!Either we had no neighbours, or the walls and door and superbly soundproof: we never heard anything of other guests. Dubai in December is certainly not not, and I wished I could have switched of the A/C. Not that it was too cold, but I could have done without the constant buzz.While I was away during the day, my wife and son spent their mornings, free of charge, at the beach hotel of the same chain (Madinat Jumeirah, right next to the Burj al-Arab). Complimentary beach tickets were available at the front desk (we are not sure these are available all year round). There is also a shuttle service, but my wife preferred to take a taxi to be more flexible. According to what I heard, service at the Madinat was excellent and she did not regret joining me on this business trip for one minute.There are many options for breakfast and dinner in the hotel and the shopping mall attached to it. We had our breakfast at Starbucks every day and had dinner twice at the Noodlehouse.In our view, there is really nothing to improve for this hotel. Beware that when you arrange airport transfer through the hotel, you are offered the limousine service at 10 times the rate of a normal taxi (250 instead of 25 dirham). But this fits the quality and luxury of the hotel, of course.Definitely a good choice for a business trip, but also an unexpectedly excellent choice for a &quot;trailing&quot; spouse or family.	
Dec 17 2008 	Service well above average	pros: - they try quite hard- spotless rooms - decent arabic restaurant in the mall- decent breakfastcons:- rooms could do with re-design- gym is a trek away through the mallNote: &quot;Towers&quot; rooms are *exactly* the same as Deluxe rooms except on higher floors	
Dec 14 2008 	Excellent hotel with great staff	I stayed at Emirates Tower for four weeks whilst on business in Dubai. It location is excellent for business in the heart of the business district on Sheikh Zayed Road and adjoining DIFC. If not travelling for business then I expect Emirates Towers would be fine for a short stay but for anything longer than a couple of nights I would recommend one of the beach hotels. Having said that Emirates Towers is very well placed for a shopping trip, close to the new Dubai Mall and with easy access to Mall of the Emirates.As I had a long stay I had chance to try all the dining options in the hotel and in the adjoining mall where meals can also be charged to your room. The variety of restaurants available was a great plus as I would soon have become tried of eating in the same old hotel restaurant. There is a good bar next to the Grill Room just off the lobby with friendly staff and also Vue Bar on the 51st floor where the atmosphere was good despite the cigarette smoke...Leisure facilities are good with a gym and a reasonable sized pool. The area around the pool is fairly small so does become crowded at weekends plus a large proportion of the sitting area falls into shade around 3pm. This is one of two negatives I have about my stay but perhaps its not so important to have a good pool area in a central business hotel.The other negative was that the restaurant stopped serving breakfast on the dot of 10.30am at weekends. I was told that the reason was that brunch needed to be set up and this starts at 12pm. As Dubai brunches are usually fairly boozy and as after a week of work not everyone wants to have weekend breakfast at 10am this is not ideal.I stayed in a deluxe room which was perfectly adequate. The decor is perhaps starting to look a little outdated and as others noticed the rooms have old fashioned, rather than LCD, televisions.	
Nov 25 2008 	Very good business hotel	I stayed for four nights and was not particularly looking forward to staying in the City rather than beach, but the hotel is right by the DIFC so a short 5 minute walk through the downstairs mall and over a busy road to work. The rooms are large and stylish although not remotely Arabian in style - huge desk which I found after two days had a panel which opened up to give a mirror and make it into a dressing table. Internet access was free, which is good news for a hotel that caters mainly for the business traveller. Everything was spotlessly clean and the staff were all extremely pleasant and helpful.The pool area was nice, although at the weekend it was packed out with Emirates flight crew. They are allowed in free of charge, which means that it gets rather busy by about 10.30. I didn't eat in any of the restaurants as to be quite honest there's so much choice in Dubai and I was out and about every evening.All in all a good stay, great views and I would go again.	
Nov 15 2008 	smart stylish comfortable	Hotel very stylish, modern and smart. Rooms clean and comfortable with great bathrooms. Choice of restaurants in adjacent shopping area good. Recommend the Noodle House. Surprised that they are licensed too within the shopping area. Stayed in one of the top floors and the view was amazing. Cocktails in the top floor bar is a must.	
Nov 12 2008 	Great Business Hotel	Apart from some minor challenges with the Concierge my stay was great. Service was quick and effective (shoe shine took about 5 minutes). I had a room on the 36th floor with incredible views. When you order your wake up call do ask for the complimentary coffee and croissant as they sometimes forget to offer it. The hotel's location just off Sheikh Zayed road is very central to both ends of Dubai as well as the airport. The jacuzzi on the pool deck is a bit disappointing though.	
Nov 5 2008 	Excellent as always	I stay at the Towers each time I come to Dubai on business. From the first time I stayed, I was totally impressed with the welcome and service.The rooms are spacious and comfortable, very clean and well equipped with tea &amp; coffee making facilities (surprising how many business hotels in Europe and the Middle East don't provide this basic service), fast/free internet and great, spotlessly clean bathrooms with huge fluffy towels. An absolute haven at the end of a long working day; a cold shower, a bit of Sky news to catch up, a few minutes peace by the floor to ceiling windows before going to one of the excellent restaurants for dinner - it's all good. What really makes this hotel special, however, are the staff. They all go out of their way to make you welcome, to provide anything you need promptly, and to cater for all requests. As a female traveller frequently alone, it's also comforting to be looked after so well - a number of western European hotels could learn a lot from the innate hospitality and courtesy extended to every guest here.Recommended for business travellers, but also for tourists who receive the same level of service, and the staff appear to be especially good with kids.	
Oct 25 2008	Tired Design	While architecturally still one of most striking buildings on Sheikh Zayed road (or for that matter Dubai), the rooms are in desperate need for renovation. The design looks tired and materials worn out. In-room technology is quite outdated as well (tube TV, no pay-per-view). The hotel still offers good selection of boutiques and restaurants and the general ambience is light and comfortable but they really need to get on with updating the rooms .	
Oct 23 2008 	Excellent Emirates	Emirates Towers is an elegant, spacious and well-run hotel. Although we had the most basic of the room types (Deluxe) it was certainly not basic! We were on the 29th floor and the room had floor to ceiling windows offering panoramic views toward the Burj Dubai. The entrance hall had plenty of cupboard space for clothes and shoes, and the bathroom was beautifully laid out with both bath and a very good, separate shower. In the bedroom itself was a very large couch the length of the window with a coffee table and also a spacious desk with full (free!) Internet access which gave me a great office to work from whilst there!We had free access to the (well equipped) gym, sauna/steam rooms, and the pool area (outdoors) had many comfortable sun loungers. The pool itself was refreshing and immaculate and there was also a large jacuzzi (for anyone who finds 37 degree heat a little too chilly!) There were two lifeguards at all times, a separate children's pool and a poolside bar. The bar staff would also come around on the hotter days with cold towels, free crushed ice drinks and occasional fresh fruit skewers! The only downside to this great pool scene is there is no separate way of getting to the pool other than getting the lifts through the main reception area, which means you have to dress very conservatively over your bikini/shorts as you tend to ride the same (glass!) lifts with the Emirate Sheiks and western business people! (Many business meetings are held in the reception area).For the business traveller there are a couple of things to note. For some reason they do not have an iron/ironing board available in the rooms and room service for this can take some time to deliver. Also breakfast is NOT included with this Deluxe room type and is approximately $45.00 AUD if you choose to eat in the hotel. There is, however, a Gloria Jeans coffee shop in the shopping area beneath the Emirates which is a little less heavy on the budget. Also beneath the hotel are many restaurants (not cheap, but beautiful food) and a bar, Scarletts, which seemed to serve the cheapest drinks ($18 average for a white wine!) However, you are permitted 4 litres to take into Dubai which is good to have for the room!All in all, an amazing experience and we will certainly return.	
Sep 20 2008 	Excellent personal service	We arrived by taxi from Dubai airport (£8), we were greated personally (by name) but we have no idea how he knew who we were but we were instantly impressed.We arrived at 7am, not expecting to get a room until later but we were taken straight to our room, although we had requested an early checkin we really didn't expect it to be so early.We were on a 5 day leisure break and chose Emirates Towers as we have stayed there 4 times in the past and we like it because is is easy access to the shopping, has an excellent pool and we are very partial to the Steak in the Rib Room. We have also stayed at the Jumeria Beach hotel but we decided on the Emirates Towers this time as we prefer the fact that it is a business hotel and does not have lots of kids running around and the pool is empty during the day. Everytime we went into a restaurant, from breakfast to dinner, we were greated by name and were made to feel special, nothing was too much trouble.We stayed in the Deluxe room and only paid £129 per night including breakfast (that was total price for the two of us) so, very good value.To finish it off to perfection, when we checked out, we were asked if we had a car booked to take us to the airport, we said that we were going to take a taxi. To my husbands delight we were offered the use of the hotel's Bentley, for 60Dhs (less than £10).We have always been really pleased with our stays at this hotel and will return again.	
Sep 12 2008 	Best Business Hotel in the World	The Emirates tower has to be without doubt the best business hotel in the world.The hotel has a great location in the heart of the city (Shiekh Zayed Road). We stayed in the executive suite and the room had great view of the sheikh zayed road and the burj dubai. The food at the in-room dining is excellent; and i would recommend ET sushi and VU's bar.The room is spacious and the only negative point is that they still have those 21 inches tv in the room with no dvd player.The internet speed is super fast and the staff at the hotel cant do wnough for you. We had a slight problem with out a/c..it was 45 degrees in dubai... but the staff sorted it out. I have stayed more than 10 times at this hotel and never had a bad expreince. for that matter of fact all the jumeriah properties have been an excellent stays and expreinces.the mens spa h2o is also very good. In all a excellent hotel and my first choice for stay in Dubai.	
Jul 29 2008 	Great busines hotel	Stayed here for a conference in June. Paid about GBP£160 ex. breakfast, which is great for a hotel like this. This is a pretty good business hotel. I just had a standard room, but it was spacious and decently equipped etc. Décor is a little odd in the rooms - funny long blue sofa and carpet make me think it could do with a refresh. Feels a bit mid-90s. No LCD or Plasma, just a standard TV. Deep tub in the bathroom, large separate shower cubicle. Room service food was great - ordered a few times, arrived promptly. Business centre wasn't bad - expensive and service sometimes slow, but they did everything I asked them to do and got it all right. Pool area was excellent - not crowded at all, because this is primarily a business hotel (and maybe also because it was June…). Lifeguards stood around and had very little to do. Nice cold towels and free slushy drinks. Gym isn't bad; reasonably sized and has an ok selection of free weights - for a hotel (up to about 20 or 25kgs if I remember rightly). The attached shopping mall is filled with all sorts of designer stores, most of which can be found cheaper in London etc, but there are also a bunch of restaurants worth checking out. Went to the teppanyaki place - quite nice. Also tried the bar at the top of the hotel - again, not bad. Ground floor bar also alright. Other places to eat - try the Madinat Jumeirah, which is another hotel belonging to the same chain. Quite touristy and designed as a sort of fake ancient city, but loads of bars and restaurants. Used the airport pickup and drop-off service - great BMW 7 series both times. If I'd known, I would have opted for the enhanced pickup service which I think actually meets you as soon as you get off the plane, rather than the normal one, which meets you kind of halfway between the plane and passport control. Keep an eye on the booking for the drop-off on the return journey - I think the hotel tends not to actually confirm anything with the guest; you need to call them and re-book the drop-off, just to be safe. Overall, definitely recommended for business. Bit of an odd choice if you're on holiday, but if you managed to get a good rate, I could kind of see it. Location alright - about 20 minutes to the Mall of the Emirates. Worth getting the concierge to book a car if you're planning a night out, as the queue gets fairly long at times (and it's so hot waiting outside).	
Jul 13 2008	oddest and most annoying security policy!	I stayed in Emirates Towers for 4 nights last week both for business and pleasure on the Club Level, floor 45. The most annoying and oddest policy I noticed (compared to many other 5 Start Hotels I tried in my life) is that they have a policy that you can NOT take a friend or guest of yours to your room! He/she can NOT come by him/her self to the room as lifts only work with your room key. Even worse, if you insist that you want your friend or relative or whoever to come to your room and that you are happy to escort him/her, then he/she has to provide an ID to the reception and they would copy it and ONLY then he/she can come up to the room. And every time you use the lifts you will notice a security guy standing 24 hours asking you what room you intend to go and then he looks up your room number from a list of last names he has on a paper! Something I would say time consuming and strange security policy I have not seen before. I do NOT recommend this hotel for business if you are put in situations where you need to meet colleagues in your room or the lounge of the Club Rooms. The swimming pool is way too small and the lobby is packed with non-guests of the hotel that you can hardly find a seat.	
Jul 3 2008 	Great Hotel	My husband and I have just returned from a weekend at the Emirates Towers. We had a fantastic time. We were travelling for pleasure rather than business which put us in the minority in this hotel but we choose it as we wanted to get into the city easily rather than be out at Jumeirah beach and spend an hour in a taxi!The staff were great from the moment we arrived, seamless check in at our Executive Suite which was well worth the extra. The lounge was great with a wide selection of goodies available for you to nibble constantly. Staff were all lovely, being a business hotel we found the pool area quiet and restful, only criticism was it could use a clean as there was a 'tide-mark' round the water line!Otherwise a fantastic break if you are not interested in getting sand in your swimsuit and want easy access to the delights of Dubai City.	
Jun 8 2008 	Fantastic Hotel...Fantastic People! 5+++	I stayed in Emirates Tower as part of a business trip recently adn upon arrival was greeted by very courteous staff. I was immediately whisked up to my room for an in house check in. I was upgraded to an Apex Suite, which was very stylish and comfrtable. With lots of mod-cons, CD player, DVD player, complimentary movies. The room was filled with fresh flowers, bottle of wine and many other complimentary things. The main bathroom was nice with a lovely sunken bath overlooking the DIFC. Shower was ulta powerful, which was great, given the humidity. A few highlights for me:1. Guest Relations TeamALl were outstanding. Before I had even stepped into the hotel, I felt that my needs were taken care of. I wanted a reservation at Paithai on the Friday evening, but it was fully booked unfortunately. One of the guest relations staff went over and above the call of duty to get me a table. I had a reservation and the restaurant was delightful.  2. Mosaic RestaurantAlthough a little expensive for what we had, the service was fantastic. We were served by Allan who made it his job to give us a good dining experience. Our table overlooked the pool and the ambiance was simply great. The food was delicious and the wine I had was beautiful. Allan was clearly very well primed on his customer service ability.  4. Executive Lounge Fantastic relaxation and fantastic views. The service in the Club Executive was great. I was overwhelmed by the offerings and the courteousness of the staff. A big winner in my eyes.  Overall, I had a fantastic experience and its all down to the staff. A fantastic hotel in teh DIFC suitable for business travellers mainly but only about 35Dhs to the beach!!!	
Jun 1 2008 	Room Rates Linked to the Oil Price	No question it is the best hotel on the Sheikh Zayed strip but as the price of crude rises by $10, the room rate moves $20. It is now extremely expensive and $700 seems to be the average rate that one can get.Still, it has a great buzz packed with prospectors, hopefuls, deal doers and those that hanker after them. Rooms are &quot;colourful&quot; rather than tasteful but the Apex suites have a suitable touch of early James Bond about them. As commented elsewhere, the tellies could do with an update and a few films wouldn't go amiss as the DVD collection is mainly in the luggage of other guests.Service in the club lounge is very good and welcoming, although tangy camel milk is only available in the Mosaic restaurant.Pool is bigger than it looks but can get horribly crowded at weekends and very hot given all the glass reflecting onto the searing flesh below.Restaurants: Rib Room, Japapanes and Lebanese all very good. Vu, not particularly noteworthy and the view is of other construction sites and scrub.H20 spa, only for men and with male therapists. Treatments are good and they are skilled, if you like a massage that is of bone crushing severity and expunges all the air from your cavities, this is the place.It is very convenient for the DIFC, at least in theory. They need to employ some boy scouts to help you cross the roads as pedestrians are considered fair game for the high speed drivers. However, only the poor walk in the UAE so it is assumed you drive everywhere.Tip: if you are doing a number of countries in the Region in a short space of time, don't choose Dubai as the hub. Traffic terrible and the airport is slow and looks like a casualty clearing station with bodies strewn everywhere wiating for connections to disparate locations. Much better bet is Bahrain which is quick, efficient and blessed by the fabulous Ritz Carlton.	
Apr 30 2008 	Great hotel for business and pleasure	My husband and I stayed here for four nights earlier this month, partly for business, partly for pleasure. We had a wonderful room, with huge bathroom and plenty of storage space, on the 19th floor.The business centre provided excellent overnight service on a print job, which though expensive was 100% correct, a small miracle when my husband wasn't around to check they were on the right track.We asked the hotel to provide a car one afternoon which was a great service at a fairly reasonable price, but with hindsight could have been achieved at a fraction of that price with an ordinary taxi. Something to bear in mind if budget is an issue.Only one small complaint about this lovely place. One morning we went down around 11.45 to the cafe/brasserie for an early lunch. They had finished serving breakfast but not yet started the lunch service, which was fair enough, but they then had trouble providing anything from the simple 24 hour menu. This was a minor issue as we were having a great time, but they really shouldn't say a place is open 24 hours if it isn't - and a meal in the late morning isn't that outlandish.	
Mar 31 2008	Great Experience	Great location in Dubai's business district. Great in-house food outlets... TV's are too small... too far away from the bed... Internet access very very slow.... Must see is VU's bar on 51st floor.	
Mar 26 2008	Midnight Robbery!!!	Have never been through such a horrific experience in my life before, I was booked at a corporate of around $350 and i had arrived on an emirates flight which was delayed for 5 hours and once i got to the hotel it was after 2am and having got to the check in desk they didn't have my reservation! Not only that but they were also completely full and couldn't offer me any rooms, so i waited about 10minutes after which they claimed they could give us a room but at a rate of $700, ludicrous price but what choice did i have at around 2.30 am, i couldn;t get a taxi to drive me and the wife around dubai at that time of the morning looking for a hotel... so i had no choice and took it, i requested for a non smoking room on a high fllor with a nice view, when i got tot he room it was a smoking room on a medium floor with absolutely no view exceot for that of the back of the hotel! I then called up reception and 2minutes later they moved me to the 39th flooe non smoking room with a nice view of sheikh zayed rd, where did all these rooms miraculously appear from i wonder and why weren;t they simply offered to me in the first place!?The decor in the room was very poor and dated, perhaps i would not have complained if i wa paying half my rate byt when i keep that in mind you have to expect alot more from the hotel, a few years ago when this hotel opened it would have been sufficient but now its not quite up to the standard of other rooms, they didn't even have a flat screen tv in the room, those old style tvs and it was pretty small! Bathrooms were also quite small compared to oher hotels and although i couldn;t fault the service they seriously need to do something about the rooms...Eventually i checked out in the morning and found a much better rate and room at the shangrila.I would not reccommend this hotel for anyone unless it was at a very good rate, yes the location is good if you are working at the dubai financial centree but other then that i found nothing good about the hotel, back in the day it was inm its prime but no longer.... Also there is absolutely no ventilation in the rooms, no windows anywhere...	
Mar 22 2008 	Will need looking at soon	I stayed here before and found it perfect in every way. Still, the standards are high, but no longer perfect. So this review purposely ignores all the good stuff, in the name of providing a counterpoint.Dubai hotel prices continue to rise, yet occupancy is almost total across the city, so there is a danger the customer will lose out on service. However $700 is $700 and I am going to want the highest standards!Problem 1, in the bathroom, my plug did not close in the sink. It was impossible to fill the sink, just to get washed or have a shave. I hate it with a passion when hotels get something basic wrong like this. Anyway I muddled my way through and reported the problem to reception.Problem 2, they never fixed the sink. Not on day 2, and not on day 3.Problem 3, for half my stay (3 nights), the internet did not work in the room. The IT manager visited, fiddled with wires, promised to come back, then vanished. Sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn't, well - that's life in Dubai I guess but not good enough at this price. It's a business hotel, and I really have to do my work!Problem 4, on check out, I was asked : &quot;Did you have a nice stay?&quot;. Answer : &quot;Actually, this time there were a number of problems, and they were X, Y and Z&quot;. The reaction of the staff, was to look embarrassed, glance nervously at each other, and carry on emptying my credit card. There was no attempt at escalation, or customer care. I see this kind of empty fawning customer service in lesser hotels in Dubai (lots of bodies but no-one to actually sort anything out), but always assumed Jumeirah is above that.My colleague had unused minibar items on her bill. After protest they took them off. Then, when it was my turn to check out, I found they had simply transferred these items onto my bill, with her name against them. More bad feeling.It's still a great hotel, architecturally stunning, and basically delivers the goods. The rooms are looking a bit dated now. The thing needs a new shot of management energy in order to justify the continuing high prices. That should come before the refurb. I don't want a prettier room with a bust plug.	
Feb 28 2008 	Best for business traveller	We have just stayed at the Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel for almost two weeks. A (business) buzzing Hotel which ideally fits the guest profile of a business traveller. Close to the DIFC (walking distance), smart range of restaurants and small but exquisite shopping mall, it meets most of the requirements a busy professional has when loaded with a heavy itinary. The business centre is absolut professional and state of the art, the lobby and the cigar lounge on the 10th floor ideal for informal meetings. Especial praise to the ladies in the lounge who offer impeccable service despite the busy lounge. The Mosaico Restaurant is very good for a varied breakfast and super buffet (business) luncheons. The receptionist of this Restaurant is by the way most professional and helpful. The pool is ok, nothing special. Good room service, clean. The staff of the fitness club is friendly and helpful, though the range of fitness machines are outdated and need serious replacement. The check-in/check-out service is close to unfriendly and needs serious management attention. The door men are ever so helpful to organise a driver/taxi efficiently and are very friendly. The lady at the entrance is greeting you with a nice smile. All in all, good to very good, with a few amendments to be made. With new management now in place, this should be possible? This is not a hotel for tourists, you may use the other Jumeirah Hotels for a holiday - they are very nice (!) but for the busy executive on the go! We look forward going back!	
Feb 16 2008 	Not up to Jumeirah quality	First let me tell you that Jumeirah is the best hotel company in the world. I've travelled many places in the world and none compares. We have stayed in many Jumeirah properties and they are the best! But this time Emirates Towers didn't live up to the Jumeirah reputation. We have stayed here many times when it just opened. This time we stayed in Emirates Towers because my teen daughters wanted to shop in their boutique shops connected to the hotel. It's so nice to have a shopping mall next to the hotel and be able to buy Starbucks. Upon check-in, our special requests were not honored and the management had to come after the reception lady was absolutely horrible to us. Rooms were great, room service great as typical of the hotel. The free breakfast we got in the rate was quite nice. Their media system in the room is quite impressive. I wish I had time to soak in one of their prepared baths for ony Dhs60. However, one man just walked in on my daughter who was in the bathroom at the time. I complained to the guest services and of course they apologized. He didn't speak english nor arabic and I couldn't tell him what he did wrong. For families with children: I should have booked just two regular rooms connected as the suite bedroom was far away from the other bedroom and we ended up sleeping all together in one room. Their roll away bed was so uncomfortable (like a rock) I slept on the floor. The table was nice to have but the regular rooms are not small.	
Feb 16 2008 	Not great	The best thing is the room key (shaped like one of the towers). The rooms are ok - spacious but bland/ corporate and a bit dated; the bathrooms are pretty nice. The reception staff were friendly and helpful; the concierge were pretty useless and stuck up. Its a convenient place to stay if you are working nearby, otherwise don't bother. Overall, not worth the money.	
Feb 4 2008 	Fantastic rooms	This modern hotel feels great. From the moment you arrive, you feel like you've entered this oasis of modernity, coolness and calm amidst the desert that is Dubai. The soaring atrium is impressive and the elevators are really amazing (they're glass fronted and you get this amazing view as you go up to your room right down the whole enclosed front of the building. When you press the &quot;down&quot; button, it also tells you right away which elevator will be coming for you - very handy).The rooms are positively palatial - with all the mod-cons you could wish for. There's controls for everything, and a nice long window sofa, perfect for admiring views across the horizon.Since the Jumeirah belongs to the chain that also owns the Burj-Al-Arab, you can get to visit that hotel just by showing your room key to the Jumeirah! This saves you from having to either purchase an expensive pass to visit or trying to book (a hard to get) dinner at the Burj to enter it.The staff are great too - there seems to be a lot of them around!	
Dec 22 2007 	The atmosphere in the Reception area is superb. That alone is worth staying for.	My Wife and I have stayed at the Jumeirah Emirates Towers Hotel several times over recent years. The service is excellent and the staff friendly and helpfull. I have introduced several guests from the U.K. to the Emirates Towers, and we all agree that the Reception area must be the best we have previously experienced. We are returning in February 2008 for our Wedding Anniversary.Phil Buckley. U.K.	
Dec 8 2007	Lovely people - great stay - fantastic place	This is the best hotel is you can not afford the Burj. Great place, loverly spacious rooms and great service. Highly recommended.	
Sep 26 2007 	Quite good	The location of the Emirates towers is very convenient for business travellers and it's not very far from the airport. The room was spotlessly clean and well decorated. The one downside was the shower. The water pressure was quite weak but I suppose that must be the case for being in the desert.The beds and pillows were comfortable and the services including housekeeping and laundry were very efficient. Foodwise there are plenty of choices and their breakfast buffet is well worth the high price. There are also plenty of well stocked up bars for a drink in the evening. Most of the restaurants do require an advance reservation though.There were plenty of designer shops adjoining the hotel and other shopping is generally a short taxi ride away. Price wise the Emirates towers is on the expensive side - just like everything else in Dubai.	
Sep 7 2007 	for biz it is the place.	I am a regular visitor of this hotel and I usually stay at the executive floor, the lounge service is outstanding, one of the best lounges I have ever been to, and I have been to many places. the gym is great and the resturants choice are amazing, don't miss out the rib roum. the prices are somehow on the expensive side, but that how dubai became, if you are going for business I recommend nothing but this hotel	
Aug 8 2007 	Excellent service and unmatched view	Booked the weekend special for our first three nights in Dubai (July 25-July 28). The special rate of 690AED included breakfast. A taxi from the airport cost 50AED and took about 20-minutes at around 8 PM. We were quickly assisted at the check-in desk and promptly escorted to our room, 2801. The décor is modern but very comfortable. The bed, with nightstands on both sides, is very comfy and the linens very good quality. There’s a cool sofa in front of the window, a large desk and lots of closet space with a safe and coffee/tea maker. Several complimentary bottles of water were replenished each day. The bathroom is extraordinary, with a large marble/glass shower, cool fixtures, and oh what a tub. The amenities are masculine and there’s even bath salt. (There’s a menu of spa-like bath treatments that they’ll prepare in your tub.) The towels, bathrobes, and slippers are nice.We got a good night sleep but woke early (time zone effects). We could see the camel race track, the towering Burj and other sleek skyscrapers. The breakfast buffet is elaborate, there’s way too much to be able to try it all. After breakfast, we got some info from the concierge and headed to Diera part of Dubai. Once we got over-heated, we came back to the Towers and caught the shuttle over to Wild Wadi Water Park. Guests of Jumeirah hotels are admitted for free. It was quite an experience to see the diversity of the crowd, everything from bikini clad Europeans to completely covered in black local women! There’s a great spot to relax and watch the sun set behind the Burj Al Arab hotel.The Jumeirah hotel company employees are so well trained in providing excellent service. At the hotel, I asked an employee how to get to one of the restaurants…they walked me all the way! Each employee greets you and does their best to help.The following 2 days were also great. Our room was serviced twice a day. The hotel seemed busy with mostly business travelers, yet we felt welcome as leisure travelers.The only thing to complain about is the internet service. There’s no wifi in the rooms and there’s a fee to use the business center. We strongly recommend the Jumeirah hotels. Emirates Tower is a fine 5-star hotel with committed employees and management. It offers spectacular views of the business district but is not too far from tourist destinations.	
Aug 3 2007 	Average level of service	Although ideally located opposite the DIFC, I unfortunately cannot agree with many of the comments for one reason and one reason only - the service was below what I expect from a 5 star hotel. Ordering room service was painful as I had to call three times before reaching somebody and then had to wait 45 minutes for a simple order.The lobby lounge service team fared no better as they were neither efficient or friendly.	
Jul 16 2007 	Superb stay again!!!!	Just come back from my fourth stay in this fantastic hotel. I was here 2 times for business and last year for leisure with my 13 year old son. Again this holiday was the best. Although this is a business hotel when you are on holiday its simply the warmest place I've ever experienced. it feels like home when all the staff know your name and treat you in a way that you don't want to leave.Combined this stay with 3 days in the Meridien Mina Sayahi, but after 3 days (booked for 4) I rushed back to Emirates Towers.Enjoyed the free entrance to Wild Wadi very much, with the hotel shuttle it was a great break during the day and my son and I had so much fun.Try to eat in Mosaico and the Rib Room, both restaurants are very good.I can't wait to go back again!	
Jul 14 2007 	Amazing!	Stayed at the ET for 4 nights on Honeymoon. Flew with Emirates via Kuoni.This was the second part of the honeymoon and we flew in from The Maldives, but we flew with Emirates the whole trip and totally recommend them.Due to the flight timings we arrived at the hotel at 6am, with a usual check in time of 3pm! However, we checked in and were told our room would be ready as soon as possible, and we got it about 1130 so although a long wait it could have been worse.As it was a honeymoon, we got a free upgrade to a suite(!) so we can't comment on the standards of the standard rooms, but I can't imagine for a minute that they aren't just a superb as the suites just smaller.Breakfast was in the Moasica Restaurant and was a buffet, but what a buffet!! Everything from traditional fry-up, to smoked trout and salmon, fresh fruit, cold meats, wonderful bread, cereals, basically anything you could want for breakfast and totally fresh.We didn't eat main meals in the restaurant but there are several to choose from, and not too badly priced. We did have room service which was superb and again not excessively priced.The views from the glass lifts and the bar on the 51st floor were amazing.The staff were perfect, always willing to help but never bothering you, they just seemd to 'be there' when you needed them.Of course, this hotel is mainly a business hotel and while it's worth going to say you've been there it's not a first choice for a romantic break but for luxury, it's perfect.A few tips:as a guest of the hotel you get free admission to the Wild Wadi Water park (saving 25GBP/50USD per adult) and there is a free courtesy bus to get you there and back.Also, if you want to go and have a look round the Burl-al-Arab, the 7* hotel, you usually have to go on a guided tour including tea at about 40GBP per person and your tour rep will tell you that is the only way you can go in.However, as a guest of the ET (which is part of the same group) just ask them to book you in a tour which is free and while the times are fixed (9-10am, 5-6pm 11pm-midnight) you see more (including a 3 bedroom suite on the top floor) than you would on a proper tour (which only goes to the public areas).It's def worth a look round.Our excursions worth going on are the 'Dubai nights' which included dinner and the revolving restaurant at the Hyatt Dubai, giving great views, and also the Dhow dinner cruise on the Dubai Creek..... both include dinner and only work out about twice the cost of eating in the hotel anyway.....Also good is the city tour on a open topped bus... Finally, don't walk anywhere it's too damn hot and taxis are so cheap..... our 30 min ride back from the Burj only cost 4GBPAny Q's just asksimon.wilding@tesco.netcolchester, UK	
Jul 5 2007 	Professional and Slick	Stayed at the Emirates Towers for 4 nights in May 2007 - I found an excellent rate direct on the Hotel's own web site of around £115 per night (including all taxes) for 2 people which included breakfast at the hotel.As a resident you have access to the supfast lift which is a real experience.The room was large with excellent views across Dubai. The bathroom was large and well equiped.The free slippers are the best I have collected from Dubai to date and this includes the Hilton, Jumeriah Beach, Fairmont and the Jebel Ali!Check-in process was excellent and efficient. The lobby was also buzzing with people.Check you bill carefully - I managed to spot that my inclusive breakfast had been added to my bill on one occassion. To be fair when queried it soon came off straight away no arguements.Ate in Scarletts which was excellent value and tasy food - would advise booking in advance!!!!Funky room key - same shape as the Emirates Tower,	
Apr 10 2007	Great service	Hotel was perfect for buisness travel. Though not staying in club room, was given full access to club lounge. Incredible staff - always available and extremely helpful.	
Apr 3 2007 	Best 3 Day Holiday ever!!!	Quite simply the best hotel i have ever stayed in from 22nd to 24th december 03. Had a room on the 31st floor with stunning views of dubai. Food was best ive ever tasted, fruit breakfasts amazing!! Roomwas perfect and the general atmosphere was fantastic. Would love to go back and will do as soon as i save the pennies!!!!	
Mar 4 2007	Really good business hotel	Emirates Towers is a really good business hotel. Starting from the sleekest shape you will find in a hotel, to lovely modern interiors (and mind you I am not a big fan of modern decor!), comfortable rooms, and a lovely gym and swimming pool, its an all round winner. I agree with other reviewers that the service (specially baggage) is slow. But very friendly and helpful staff on the whole. The location is ok but getting taxis in Dubai, specially on the weekends is a nightmare, and this location makes it worse. The bar on the 52nd Floor is truly amazing. I would go back again, even for a holiday.	
Dec 7 2006 	Lovely	I've stayed at the hotel twice, both times for five days. I was consumed with work most of the time, so didn't put all that many of the hotel's services to use. But overally I was quite satisfied with my stay. I'll start with the one memorable experience. I needed a taxi to meet up with a running group, and I was a little foggy on the location. Getting a taxi ended up taking quite some time, but the hotel staff compensated by getting very precise directions of where I was to go, and then -- this is the best part -- one of the staff loaned me his cell phone when it was clear that I might need it (and I did). I can't imagine too many other hotels thinking to do this. If you can stay in the executive suites, do so, as it gives you access to the club lounge -- or whatever it's called -- where they serve complimentary breakfast and dinner (and maybe lunch -- I was never around to find out). It's really very refined (yet not uptight), there were rarely many other people there, and the views are really wonderful. I lounged there as much as I could. For both of my stays, my room was extremely nice and spacious, with great views, and I never had any trouble getting Internet access. And the cleaning service seemed perfect. I never had time to hang out in the lobby, but it seems to be quite a scene. The hotel is also connected to a mall of sorts, where there are a number of shops and nice restaurants. The weather was fine when I was there, but I can imagine being attached would come in very handy during the hotter summer months. In sum, I would absolutely stay again -- and would highly recommend it to anyone traveling to Dubai.	
Oct 12 2006	Great hotel great service	We went to Dubai as stopover on our vacation. (been there before, for business)We booked Emirates Towers Hotel directly via our PA, a normal room and for normal rate, we thought.Asking at the check-in desk they said there was no upgrade possible, though they were not fully booked.Getting at our room we realized they found out it was our honeymoon and they had given us the suite at the 15th floor - incredible large space, nice views, with nice design chairs and above all: an unbeatable nice and supersize bed !For the rest, very proactive personnel and impecable service. Even for us, being used to the Dubai (beyond-european) level of service, this is the top-end of what you would like and can imagine.Won't refer this gem to too many other travellers, otherwise it would be full next time we are going there !	
Sep 25 2006 	Excellent business hotel	Great business hotel in centre of Dubai. Very good gym and pool for post work excercise, good selection of onsite restaurants. Nice top floor bar for a drink with views over the city.	
Sep 2 2006 	The Emirates Tower Hotel in Dubai is a must to stay	From Herta Gehres/ AustriaEspecially when you get a room at the 40th Floor (Chopard) ( only for women) . A fantastic few, with nice bed linnen in the room.There they do everything possible for you as actually in all the facilities at this hotel. Everything was very clean. Staff ever so friendly. Breakfast great. I never heard a no, I always heard can we help you, they even fixed my belt, while something got broken. I stayed there for 4 nights before I went off to Oman. For sure I would come back and can recommend it at any time.	
May 9 2006 	Great Hotel	Just come back from a week in Dubai, sadly working and not pleasure, and got to stay at the Emirates Towers. I thought the hotel was great, room was perfect, got upgraded to the Ladies Floor with lots of little gimmicky things like in turndown, got a miniature Chopard perfume instead of a chocolate...and got a different one each evening (for the first 4 nights and then they went back to the beginning) Loved Scarletts at the end of an evening to completely unwind after entertaining and the Vue bar, although small, was perfect for relaxing with clients prior to going out to dinner (and apparently has a great view). Didn't get the chance to use the pool or go to the Beach at Jumeriah, although some of my colleagues did and they loved the beach. Only slight gripe was that I have a bad fear of heights and glass elevators are a complete no no for me and if going to another floor, not mine, where the rest of the team were to have meetings, had one lift that could be used and it never came so would stand in the lift with eyes tightly shut -and also you need to get permission as all floors are only accesible by the correct key - another cute feature was the keys shaped like the hotel....slightly unique. One other small complaint is late night room service...there is none after 11pm unless you want to order an early breakfast! And after an evening of canapes, I need food! But Dubai has so many things to offer and the hotel was in the middle of the town, so midway between Ski Dubai (recommend to do it just once to experience it), Medinat and in the other direction Deira, and City Centre and the gold souk...so ideal for someone who wants to do it all whilst they are here....apart from spend the entire time lying on a beach (which does sound good as well.)All in all though, staff were wonderful, room was good and would definitely go back to the hotel.	
May 4 2006	Average but Jumeirah Group is still top!	Stayed at the hotel between 30th December - 4th January 06. Starting off with the group, we are a family of six, four spoiled teens, one even more spoiled mother, and the rich, oh-so-hard-working daddy - I am the second eldest teen :-) - OK, so THE ROYAL SUITE. Three bedrooms, 24hr Butler service, stunning views, top of the hotel - we had seen it all before. There was no X-FACTOR, and at $000s a night, we like to have our X-FACTOR.Dubai was a last-minute decision on the way back from Christmas in the East, and we have previously stayed at many other Dubai Hotels, including the Burj Al Arab and Jumeirah Beach Hotel, thus we weren't going to complain about not getting our favourite Villa at Al-Qasr at a couple of days notice, in Dubai's BUSIEST two weeks. The Emirates Towers is primarily a Business-hotel. This is echoed in it's decor, it's rooms decor, and those ridiculous bullet-speed-elevators - which nearly gave us a nervous breakdown with ear pain - but, after all, business-people are always in a rush. The hotel put on a fabulous New-Years event, absoultely faultless, but that was the highlight of a 5-night trip that cost nearly £20,000GBP.It's Gym and Spa are acceptable for five-star-standards but NOT as Dubai-5-star-standards. Pool echoed, &quot;blah&quot;, having seen the imaginative ones at other hotels. But the fundamental flaw for staying at this hotel is that we are a family, that regularly visit Dubai, and without fail, always like to touch the beach. We couldn't have been further from the beach.The shopping arcade is definitely top-notch, even by Dubai standards, with an extremely impressive variety of apparel designers from new-moneyed-classless-Gucci, to more respectable McCartney and McQueen.The service was certainly of Jumeirah standard, and Jumeirah is the best. A faultless concierge was only too happy to arrange the car and driver for post-new-years-eve-parties across the well-heeled board, as well as VIP table reservations at a couple of Dubai's best haunts. A skill much sought-after in a place where you usually need to be dripping a place at the TOP of the UK RichList to be considered, &quot;Rich&quot;.Alas, I would recommend the hotel to anyone on a business-related-trip - their services were praised even by impossible-to-please-businessman-daddy. I wouldn't stay there again if in Dubai for relaxing/vacationing - it's just not suitable - and Dubai is in my opinion one of the nicest places to holiday on the planet - and trust me, i have had the great pleasure to see many.	
Jan 30 2006	Stayed here 8 times plus Its the Best	Must be one of the best hotels I stayed in. I stay here at least 3-4 times a year. The staff are a little slow sometimes but very attentive. Everythingis done to the best of quality. Rooms are very comfortable and impressive. pleanty of facilites and perfect location for getting around Dubai. I have stayed at the Fairmont a couple of times but no where near as good as here. Plus if you ask at Reception what 'else' comes with the hotel, your sure for a little surprise. You get the full Beach club on Jumeriah for free, 5* indulgence.Well done Jumeriah international and Emirates Towers.	
Jan 3 2006	Great rooms food and gym	We stayed at the Emirates Towers for 3 nights right after Christmas. The hotel was busy with both business and leisure guests. The staff was very accomodating and friendly. Allowed us to store our bags and use the gym before our return flight, which was at 10pm.The best part of the hotel are the bathrooms, great showers and facilities. The beds are a bit hard but the overall room is fantastic.We went to the gym everyday, which is included in the hotel rate, and it's first rate, check out the steam room if you are there.We ate the breakfast buffet 2 mornings and were pleased with the fruit selection, a bit pricey but worth it for the amount of food (85 UAE). Also ate at Scarlett's which is in the shopping area, great burgers!If we traveled again to Dubai we would try staying at the Madinat Jumheira Hotel or the Jumheira Beach Hotel and Resort, as they are more lesisure hotels with a beach and activities.	
Nov 22 2005	Good again		
Nov 19 2005	Perfect Hotel		
Oct 21 2005	Fantastic stay at the Emirates Towers		
Oct 9 2005	Poor Service		
Aug 22 2005 	Great		
Jul 21 2005	great stay		
Apr 25 2005	Food		
Feb 3 2005	Absolute Luxury!		
Oct 14 2004	NOT BAD		
Oct 7 2004	High Life at the Top of Emirates Towers Hotel Dubai UAE		
Aug 6 2009 	??????		
Jan 11 2009 	Epoustouflant		
Apr 3 2008 	Eccellente per viaggi business		
