Nov 8 2009 	Amazing hotel to get engaged!	Absolutely loved this hotel. We stayed for 10 nights in Sept 08 during Ramadan and was worried about eating and drinking restrictions, but it was very discreet and didn't impact on us at all. I seem to remember our room view was overlooking the air conditioning units but we were never in our room during the day and did not bother us at all. Rooms are very clean and very comfortable, with good selection of English speaking TV channels. Food was excellent; we tried all the restaurants on site but our fave was the tepennyaki table. We regularly saw the same staff on day and evening shifts around the hotel and restaurant and they were so friendly - really couldn't do enough for you. When we were there, there was building works in the distance but personally didn't phase us or distract from the bright white sand and warm sea. We love lounging about in the sun all day and Jebel Ali is perfect for this - we were totally spoilt with the beach and 3 swimming pools.It is about 40 mins away from the rest of the Jemeriah hotels but we we got taxis there a few nights which was great (you must go the Meat Co. for amazing steak) but felt lovely to leave the bright lights and bustle behind and return back the Jebel Ali at the end of the night.I really want to do this hotel justice as it will always be special to us, having got engaged on the 2nd night inside one of the private gazebos on the beach. Absolutely amazing. If you're fairly laidback, enjoy chilling in the sun and into your food, you'll love it!	
Aug 10 2009 	Relaxing Break	In April we came back from our second stay at Jebel Ali, 14 months after our first. The hotel is a large beach resort complex, 30 minutes drive from the centre of Dubai. It has a wide variety of good differently priced restaurants, spa, golf and other amenities which mean if you are looking for somewhere to just relax, this offers good value for money. However, be aware, Jebel Ali won't be to everyone's taste. Last year the exchange rate was 7.5 - 8 Dirhams to the pound, this time it was just 5.5. So for us Brits, shopping, golf, bars and restaurants in Dubai has sadly become a lot more expensive than back home. At Jebel Ali drinks, particularly alcohol is expensive. The buffet dinners offering five courses are good but at the equivalent of £40pp many residents head for the Italian or quayside restaurants at half the price. For those seeking more expensive a la carte cuisine two other restaurants are also on hand (though I confess we didn't try them). The variety means for couples and families you don't miss being away from down town Dubai. But for those wanting a busy bar and a party atmosphere you'll need to jump in a cab and travel 20 mins to Barista Bar. Visits to the Jumeriah Mosque and other Dubai cultural attractions (particularly the centre for cultural understanding) remain free or heavily subsidised and are well worth a visit. Note if you order a metered Dubai cab for your excursions you will save 50% off your fare than if you order a hotel car. Staff at Jebel Ali were all very friendly and efficient. Front desk staff seemed better trained and on hand this year. Food is fresh and well prepared. Though the copious amounts of smoked salmon, steak and sushi that were seemingly on tap 24/7 last year have been limited. Unfortunately building work on the new Palm reclaimation now dominates the horizon from the beach. Though noise and dust is far away, some hotel guests we spoke to said the view and the lack of surf meant they would not return to the resort. For us it is not a deal breaker, but if you are paying for one of the more expensive rooms you'll probably feel the aesthetic is a bit of let down. Lastly the golf course is a fun US style 9 hole resort course. A lot of locals play it which speaks volumes. Others Dubai courses are charging the sort of money you'd pay for Wentworth or St Andrews so this year I sadly I couldn't justify the expense. Perhaps in future the hoteliers and golf course companies will offer their residents some discount packages or simply realign their prices.	
Jul 18 2009 	Great Expectations what a disappointment	We stayed in this hotel last October and have since written twice to them with a very cautious reply back, which said nothing and did nothing.On arrival we were really shocked at the distance from 'anywhere' (I have been visiting Dubai for years).The twin bedded room myself and friend were given was so tiny that we could hardly move, if it wasn't for the small balcony I don't know where we would have sat at all.The breakfast was rather mean in my opinion and very run of the mill for a 5* hotel.The outside area was basic with 3 swimming pools, unfortunately there was not a particular one reserved for adults so we all had to listen to a crowd of screaming ill mannered children for the most part of the day, we couldn't escape as we were miles from 'anywhere'.The food at lunchtimes was very limited, either fish and chips which were previously frozen and badly cooked or someother delight from the deep freeze.We tried the buffet lunch, that was quite terrible and so expensive.Overall this hotel needs a total refurbishment or in the meantime should downgrade to a 2/3* hotel, its old fashioned and aging badly and given the ultimate choice of beautiful hotels in Dubai I am sure that the Hotel owners are aware of this 'hotel' and its condition and just keep on pushing the boat out for as much money as can be gotten from unsuspecting tourists.I certainly would not leave my 5* home again to stay here.	
Jun 30 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic	We stayed at this hotel for 10 days and after reading previous reviews prior to travel we were a little concerned with what to expect. We arrived at the hotel around midnight and check-in was efficient. We were given a sea-view room on the 3rd floor and the room was a lot better than we expected after reading previous reviews. We have stayed in 4-5 star accomodation in the caribbean and this was a lot better than any we had stayed in previously. It was clean,tidy and had all the facilities we needed - no doubt there are better hotels rooms around but for value for money and the time we spent in there it was perfectly adequate. Room attendants did a good job.We woke the following morning and were pleased with the view - overlooking the pool,beach and marina, but the balcony is too small to sit on (no chairs anyway). You can see (but not hear) the Jebel Ali Palm Island construction which provides an interesting backdrop rather than just sea - but, if the sight of construction work bothers you then you shouldn't be going to Dubai as there is building work EVERYWHERE! We spent most days around the beach/pool area and were not aware of any construction noise.FOOD - was exceptional. The breakfast,lunch and dinner buffets were as good or better than anywhere else we've been and the flexibility to use 'buffet credit' at the a la' carte restaurants was fantastic. the choice of eateries was excellent. (The steaks at Shooters are superb). Service was excellent.THE POOL(s) and BEACH area is probably one of the best in Dubai and has loads of sunbeds &amp; umbrellas.BARS - the bar staff are very friendly and efficient. We charged drinks to our room throughout our stay so didn't tip on a daily basis - service was still excellent so worthy of giving tips on our last day. Entertainment varied from good to adequate. LOCATION - OK it's not on the doorstep of the Burj Al Arab/Jumeirah Beach, but there are so many malls and places to see that everywhere would require some amount of taxi/shuttle bus. The hotel provides free shuttle to Ibn Battuta Mall, Mall of Emirates/Ski Dubai, gold &amp; diamond Park and Aquaventura(Atlantis), so if you want to go further then just get a taxi from one of the stops (taxis are reasonable price anyway).In summary, we thoroughly enjoyed our 10 day stay and wished it was for longer. We wanted a predominantly beach/pool holiday and this is what we got and we still managed to get in ALL the sightseeing and (lots of) shopping we wanted.NOTE: We were told this hotel is closing for 2 - 3 months in July/August 2009 for a refurbishment during which the rooms are to be improved so don't be too put off by previous comments concerning the rooms (we thought they were good anyway).KID's CLUB - we didn't have the need to use this but it seemed to have a comprehensive list of activities from 9am to 9pm to keep the kids occupied.	
Jun 24 2009 	amazing stay	This is truly a wonderful resort. My Husband and I travelled as a special birthday celebration and found the hospitality we received second to none.The resort is immaculate throughout, the rooms comfortable and clean.Food..well I put on half a stone in 5 days...so that speaks for itself!There is a shuttle bus to attractions that runs throughout the day, until 11 at night. Although taxis are cheap enough if you want to stay out later.The private beach is beautiful and the attendants can't do enough for you.My Husband played golf every day, and the course according to him, was a pleasure to play on. I preferred the spa..and thoroughly enjoyed a pampering session, which pricewise was on par with what you would pay at home.All in all i would recommend this resort wholeheartedly, we will definately be returning next year.	
Jun 3 2009 	Cant wait to go back!	Everything was perfect, staff, views, restaurants, spa, golf, gym, the warm pools and clear sea, it felt like a slice of paradise and we are going back next year and taking our whole family. It is 25 mins from the main resort, but we found plenty to do within the complex. There was a free hourly bus to take us into the main town centre attractions like the water parks and malls.The only draw back was our bedroom on floor two, was nothing special and very small, but we spent little time in it, and it was perfectly clean, and fresh. The rest of the holiday made up for the rooms!The staff were attentive and made us feel very welcome. The three pools were warm and clean, with plenty of sunbeds and shaded areas for children. The beach was quiet again plenty of places to sit. The sea was really hot, and clear. Our full board dining entitlement meant we could choose to dine in any of the nine restaurants, which was a nice variety. Our favourite was the sports bar. Although beware the drinks soft and alcoholic were very expensive- £2.40 coke, £7.20 beer and at least £6 for a small glass of wine!There were also nice events in the evening like an outdoor movie with popcorn, chilling on bean bags under the stars or an English football match.The gym and golf course was fairly quiet and very nice. The spa area was small but very nice too. There was also cheap internet access or take your own laptop and surf free in all public areas.A wonderful place, to escape the fast life for a while. Enjoy	
May 20 2009 	Superb hotel - shame about the view	Just returned from a week at this hotel. First the good points: The hotel is excellent. Great service (except for reception which was a bit lacking), great food (with desserts to die for), great amenities (everything you could want in your room and around the pools and on the beach- plenty of sunbeds and umbrellas and lovely sands with good swimming), lovely public rooms (the Ibn Majed restaurant in the Jebel Ali being a superb restaurant - lots of room, good sized tables and superb ambience),very clean (room serviced twice a day with clean towels), quality products in the bathroom for shower gel, shampoo etc. All the above comes at a price but we booked with the hotel direct on the internet and upgraded to the hotel's &quot;All Yours&quot; semi all inclusive package and felt we had value for money. With beer at £7 a pint and the house wine at around £28 a bottle, it was good to know that we could drink this with our dinner within the All Yours package for no extra cost. Also all our water and soft drinks all day were included in the package and with a bottle of water at around £3, this was worth having. Our package also included lunch which would otherwise have cost about £25 each. We were in the Jebel Ali hotel, not the Palm Court and we had a room on the lower ground floor which was actually on the same level as the gardens. We did better that those in the upper rooms as their balconies were very small whereas our patio was a good size with 2 recliner chairs and our own large umbrella.Now for the not so good points: The hotel markets itself as a Dubai hotel. This stretches the imagination a bit far since it is a good 30 minutes by car from the hotel to the area around the Emirates Mall, Burj, Jumeriah Mosque etc. If you have not been to Dubai before I would recommend that you consider staying somewhere closer to the Dubai &quot;action&quot;. We have been to Dubai before and have family living there and so it was not so important for us to be close in to Dubai itself. But people at our hotel who had not been to Dubai before were disappointed to find themselves a rather long way from the city.The drive from the airport is around 45 minutes given reasonable traffic. Be prepared for the &quot;sights&quot; as you approach Jebel Ali as you are in effect driving through a huge construction site. Jebel Ali is a major growth area, having one of the deepest ports in the world. A new international airport is being built along with major business areas, not to mention the Jebel Ali &quot;Palm&quot; which is being constructed in the Gulf off the coast opposite the Jebel Ali hotel. Other reviewers have commented on this latter project and about the noise from it. We did not have any noise but we were able to watch the construction going on. Be aware that you will never be able to sit on the Jebel Ali beach and look out to sea and see nothing before the horizon. As construction on the palm progresses, your view will consist of single storey villas at best and high rise apartment blocks at worst, all of this across a lagoon.If we wanted somewhere in Dubai to crash out for a few days without wanting to visit any of the Dubai sights, we would certainly choose this hotel again, notwithstanding the view from the beach!!Two &quot;words of warning&quot; - check your room account very carefully before you pay. Ours had 2 items on it which were wrong and together totaled over £100. Second, if you are there on a Friday, be prepared for the hotel to be invaded by locals - largely expats - coming for lunch and complimentary use of the beach and pool facilities. Fridays in Dubai are special with lots of hotels putting on special brunches or BBQ lunches.	
May 12 2009 	Cruise ship with the grandparents meets package holiday resort	An odd hotel and can understand lots of the previous review on here. Though I thought the staff were far more transactional than friendly. As everyone seems to comment, it is out of way, but then we knew this when we booked so one can't complain. Overall, this place was ok and probably great in its day, but now more of a 4 star place and I would have thought there are better places for the same 5 star prices - especially in this market.Hotel interior: Kind of how I imagine a cruise ship holiday for retired people to look. Everything is very clean and working, its just a little musty and dated.Hotel grounds: Lots of space and plenty of loungers - you could probably be in a resort hotel anywhere in the world. Though there must have been at least 5 times as many people as could fit in the hotel, so I can only imagine lots of people come for the day. The beach is clean and the water nice and calm. However the view is spoilt (we were here in May 09) and will continue to get worse, due to a new hotel island and access road/rail, being built right in front of the hotel. The area also seems to be a favourite for jet skiiers so the afternoons weren't axactly quiet.Food: Decent breakfast buffet. Trying NOT to have buffet lunch can prove an issue - even at 3:30pm in the afternoon, it was a minimum 45 minute wait for a table at one of the two places that wasn't buffet.	
May 7 2009 	A Little out of the way but Hotel Facilities Service and transport exellent	We stayed her in September 2007 i have to say the hotel is excellent. The Staff are so friendly and the food and drink perfect. There is loads to do in the hotel complex, beach, water sports, pool, bars restaurants, Spa, Golf Course, Marina, Horse riding, Shooting the list is endless. Its a little outside the center of Dubai but you have everything you need in the complex. And if you do venture in there are courtesy buses that will pick you up and drop you back at regular times during the day.I really can;t fault this Hotel or location. Although if you have been to Dubai once then its probably enough.	
Apr 17 2009 	The worst hotel in services	I stayed in this hotel for more than a week. No internet in room, no immediate services, expensive food and room charges-which is not worth the pay! The people are really not skilled or know about treating people. They make a lot of blunder. The services like newspaper etc are all in mess...WORST hotels i have stayed	
Apr 5 2009 	nice but not much to do	We stayed from March 26th till April 2nd the hotel and people realy nice, food was great a real lot of choice. there were plenty of beach and pool beds and the life guard took great pains to put a towel on them for us. The hotel is a bit to far out no were to go for a walk ecept around the grounds. The travel operator didn't tell us that these dates were there change over between winter and summer and so we had 2 days and nights of constant thunder and lightning 1 day of sand storms 2 days of complete cloud 1 day of sun. The day we arrived we had been traveling all night and when we arrived at 7/30 there time we had to wait untill 1pm for our room. Also we were told we needed to book a car as the airport would be to busy to find a taxi so we booked a car at the cost of £90.00 only to find there were plenty of taxis and they only cost £50.00. We booked through net flights.com and got a real good deal.	
Mar 28 2009 	Fantastic break in the sun at a great hotel	My partner and I have just got back from our stay at the Jebel Ali. We were very impressed with the hotels service and the food there (we stayed HB) was very good also. The grounds and the beach area are beautifuly designed and although there are lots of people staying the hotel never felt over crowded.The only slight draw back was the location as it a 30/40 min taxi drive away to the center of Dubai, but as we were looking for a quiet get-away by the beach this was not an issue for us in the main.We could not recommened this hotel enough...	
Mar 17 2009 	Hotel good location excellent golf main attraction	Hotel and surrounding gardens excellent and peace full, good for sunbathing and leisure facilities. No nightlife facilities, not anything in the main hotel building of entertainment , shows etc, Sportsman bar has plenty televisions for almost any interested sport.Tremendous beach (probably best in the Emirates) a good place for relaxing, food preferences is well catered for through the 6/7 eating places.35minutes from airport, 20/30 minutes from first shopping mall through to gold souk.	
Mar 16 2009 	Never ever again!! no way a five star!!!!	Please read for a complete honest description of this hotel.. This is far from a five star standard this hotel boasts to have. It can in no way be compared to the Jameirah Beach Hotel (which is a five star hotel) or any of the sister hotels. It is a twenty/twenty five minute taxi ride to civilisation and the taxi fare itself is never consistant. The Hotel is in the middle of the dessert, and the beach over looks a construction site, where they are building a new monorail (not quite the elegant view i was hoping for!).The rooms, which I have to say were clean, are very dated and I felt that i was on a package holiday in Benidorm rather than a luxury holiday in Dubai. This hotel was built twenty five years ago and it shows badly. The rooms are very dated, and in desperate need for remodelling and brining into this century (and trust me, I am being kind).The Service is disappointing. Yes the staff may come across helpful with a smile on their face, and say 'hello' to every guest however they fail to accomplish any task you set them. On one occasion (one of many i hasten to add) I booked a early morning wake up call for 6am and a taxi into Dubai for 6.30. I booked this the night before and spoke to two members of staff. The following morning, they failed to provide my wake up call and then failed to book my taxi which resulted in my late attendance for an appointment. This is not the service of a five star hotel. I would not recommend or encourage anyone to stay at this hotel. There is a golf course and a spa, but nothing else. There is nothing to see, no where else to view (apart from an industrial estate across from the hotel, and the construction for the monorail). The only time we spent at this hotel was to sleep because Jameirah Beach had so much more to offer. I realise there are good reviews on this hotel but please note that you are paying for a five star hotel, and this honestly is more like a three star (and i am being generous). I have no doubt that twenty years ago it was ahead of the game but it really disappoints. You do not feel like you are in dubai - you feel like you are in spain about ten years ago!	
Mar 4 2009 	Utterly fantastic. Go now (before everyone else).	A brilliant place for work or leisure (we combined both and a child of 7). Can't wait to return. Slightly expensive but some good deals around and, in summary, worth it! Lovely, helpful staff; great facilities; plenty of options on eateries and great swimming pools. Lawns (!) and palm trees very cool. Sports facilities on site and child friendly restaurant at the sports club (cheaper than some of the other options). Quite a way out of town which is fantastic in terms of getting away from it all (not good if you need a quick shopping trip but there are free buses to some of the big malls). Its relative remoteness didn't seem to deter anyone seeking a night life - lots of taxis zipping in and out of the city (which is about 45 mins away). Jebel Ali won't be isolated for long as another Palm is being built on the horizon and currently you see this from your deck chair. At the north/marina end of the beach you hardly notice, but the construction is a bit more noticeable further down the beach (being visible rather than audible). Where we were, by the marina, there was no noise impact in terms of construction - but this probably won't last. Room was small-ish but nicely furnished and very clean - the addition of the extra bed for our wee one was not a problem. Order a taxi for trips, particularly to the airport, as the one offered/linked to the hotel is hugely expensive (the local one was half the quoted price of the hotel version). Wifi works in the lobby but we couldn't make it work in our room.But, in summary, it's great. Go now before it is spoilt!	
Jan 9 2009 	First class hotel at the Jebel ali golf resort	Both my boyfriend and I spent 4 days at the Jebel Ali Golf resort Dubai. This has to be one of the best hotels and facilities that we have ever stayed in.The hotel room was lovely and we were greeted with flowers and a bottle of champagne. The hotel is on a large complex with lots of restaurants and bars. The food was amazing and the entertainment at night in the local Sports bar was superb.We cant wait to go back and only wished we had stayed longer.Linda from Ireland	
Jan 7 2009 	Amazing Beach Front!	Jebel Ali was a brilliant hotel away from it all!Beach was white sands ,clear seas and miles long.Shuttle bus service was great way to get to the Malls.Skiing in the Emirates Mall is a great excursion for all!Great value Food outlets in all malls.Balconies small but stunning views over golf course.Kids facilites great.Waiter service by beach. Padded loungers. Weather scorchin! Great!Dubai Full Tour is well worth a day-stunning place!Well worth all the hype and still creating plenty of great venues to visit!	
Nov 29 2008 	Wonderful Hotel	We chose hotel for my husband's &quot;special&quot; birthday and stayed 14-19th November as he wanted to play golf in the sun and some luxury. Having looked at the reviews a couple of weeks before we left we were frankly a little alarmed but we had no complaints and found it wonderful. We did not go for a suite but a double room overlooking the golf course which was plenty large enough with 3 seater settee and kingsized bed. The hotel and staff helped make his birthday the best he has had (we stayed in Maritius one year but it was not as good as this and it even topped NY for another milestone b/day. We have nothing but praise for the hotel and there was no disturbance due to the massive building and excavations in the area. Found the City tour however very disappointing - our taxi journey from the airport to the hotel was better. Wish there had been more opportunity for a balloon ride over Dubai too which we could not find details of once we were there. My only regret is that the stay was not longer and we would have seen the fireworks on the 20th on the opening of the Atlantis Hotel!!	
Nov 26 2008 	Fine	We have just returned from a 4 day stay at the Jebel Ali Resort. Having spent time at the Oasis, Hilton Jumeriah and Royal Meridien i didnt know what to expect. The major plus was the resort is not surrounded by building construction unlike the hotels along Dubai Marina/Jumeriah Beach end. It has lovely well kept grounds. The hotel is a little dated, didnt feel modern. I noticed &quot;Leading Hotels of the World&quot; signs doted about but i can only assume in its day , its was exclusive. This is no longer the case. The rooms are average, good size, tv, one sink, ac.Our room on the 3rd floor had an ajorning room for our friends and we all felt there was a stale smell in the corridors. Overall, it was clean, the bathroom was a bit dated. The staff were very helpful, You have a choice of 3 pools, they are not overly big but serve the purpose if you want to relax. The hotel caters for Russians and Germans, there were v.few Brits but never a problem. There is plenty of sun loungers on the grassed area, so no need to lay towels early. We were on a HB package which was good value as the choices for breakfast were good. They have 12 restaurants, so if you dont want to eat in the main 2, then you can put 150 AED towards a meal in one of the specialist restaurants. The Fontana restaurant have different themed nights which was nice. The beach area is pleasant. It took us 45mins to get to the airport but we left at 7am. Any later, it would have taken longer. The hotel charge 300AED to be picked up or a local cab will be 175AED approximately. They do a shuttle service to all MOE, Wild Wadi and Jewellery Centre which was perfect. Even though it was a little bit out the way, it was nice knowing we were not surrounded by noise and construction. The only noise was the sounds of seaplane coming into the marina area beside the hotel, this happened only a couple times during the day. I would definitely stay there again.	
Nov 23 2008 	Lots of construction noise	We stayed at Jebel Ali for a week in November. In general, it was a very pleasant resort. The rooms (seaview, main building) are fine and very well serviced. There is a good choice of restaurants. The staff are friendly. If you don't have a restaurant reservation, the restaurant staff usually tell you to come back in 30 minutes, even if there are many tables clearly available, which is annoying. The main problem is that there is a lot of building work going on at the Jebel Ali Palm, and at the moment they are working on the part of the palm which is nearest to the hotel. The work continues 24 hours per day - I had to wear earplugs to sleep at night. Also, we noticed building waste/scum on the water on several occasions, which was clearly drifting from the construction works and settling at the end of the beach.I would go back to Jebel Ali, but only when I am sure that the building work has come to an end. Holiday snaps don't look quite the same when there is a crane or barge in the background!	
Nov 21 2008 	Disappointment at Jebel Ali	Booked into main hotel.No golf view only a car park. &quot;Stand up&quot; only balcony. Room also small.Moved at expensive supplement to the Palm Court. Room and view excellent. Not all rooms have sea view though. Long way out from central Dubai.	
Nov 20 2008	Excellent service...	We stayed at the Jebel Ali resort for over a week earlier this month. After reading mixed reviews about the hotel we were pleased to experience a high level of service during our stay. The attitude and standards of staff was certainly 5 star.We had chosen to updgrade our room before we arrived and would certainly recommend doing so. The size of room and facilities available in the executive Peacock Lounge definitely make it worthwhile.The hotel is a bit out of down but they have made an effort to have various entertainment on throughout the week - the Havanna Night and Chill Out Nights in particular are very good.The golf course is well presented and maintained. The staff are very helpful - course marshalls offering cold towels is a nice touch.There is a good choice of restuarants offering quality food and service. It's impressive that the staff are ready to welcome you and know who you are as soon as you arrive!The hotel is older than most in Dubai and can't compete at all levels with the newer buildings on Jumeirah beach. However if you are after a relaxing break, a good variety of facilities all in one location and 5 star service, I would certainly recommend this resort.Enjoy!	
Nov 19 2008 	Service	This Hotel knows the meaning of the word Service, which it provides above Excellent .I have stayed at this Hotel twice (May 2006&amp; June 2007) , the staff treated me like a VIP, and always made me Welcome which ever part of the Hotel I happened to be walking through.The waiters would always come and ask me if require any more Coffee at Breakfast.They made fee like a real friend but at same time as a Guest.In a Nutshell Service is the key here always at this hotel and always with a smile.My Favourite Restaurant here is La Traviata where service here in Particular is more special then all the other Restaurants in the Hotel.Food is very Good in White Orchid and Signatures Restaurant	
Nov 18 2008 	Out of the city but out of date	Stayed here for 5 days for a quick drop of sunshine this April with my mum and daughter. Used the hotel as my mum had visited a number of times and said it would be good for a break.We arrived about 1a.m. after an entertaining taxi drive from the airport (takes 35mins when the roads are empty, over an hour when they're not!) for a cost of about £12.50. The hotel had mucked up our booking and hadn't got the third bed ready in our room. This was quickly addressed but it's arrival emphasised just how small the room was.This hotel IS NOT Dubai 5*. The pubic areas are very nice the main hotel dining room having undergone a recent refurb but the standard bedrooms are really small. The bathroom was very nice with quality toiletrees and robes. The room was clean, pleasant decor and comfy beds but it really was tiny. The only empty floor space was a small gap between 2 of the beds (3rd bed was right against the 2nd) and just in front of the dressing table, if someone was sat down using the mirror you had to limbo past to get to the bathroom. Our balcony, which was too small to do anything but stand on, afforded a view over the front garden and the sea. With hindsight we should have requested an upgrade.A good variety of restaurants catering for all tastes The food is of a high standard and breakfast was excellent.The grounds are lovely. Loads of space and sunbeds besides the various pools and along the beach area. This is the main reason to use this hotel as it's less built up than the hotels in Dubai itself. A lovely long stretch of sandy beach but the tranquility is currently being spoilt by the construction of the latest Palm which is visible from the beach, this is affecting the water quality a little.Staff are generally very courteous and helpful. Our daughter spent a lovely evening watching a film on a giant outdoor screen whilst lounging on a lilo in the pool. Fluffy warm towels and popcorn and sweets were waiting at the interval and staff were fantastic with the kids.The spa is very good but book as soon as you arrive as appointments go quickly. Didn't use the golf course.This is a long way out of Dubai but a free bus service runs from the hotel to various destinations. If you want to go out until late one night then take the bus there but get a taxi back.	
Nov 17 2008 	Upgrade a must!	We booked our 2 night stay here as we were stopping over in Dubai on our way back from the Seychelles. The hotel was recommended to us by our travel agent and we assumed as it was a 5* that it would be fine. When we arrived in our room we were extremely disappointed. The view was over the roof of another part of the back of the hotel, the bed covers looked like those we'd expect in a cheap motel and the room was very small. Not what i'd call 5* standard AT ALL! The toiletries were basic and there were no nice touches as we'd experienced in every other 5* hotel we've ever stayed in. My husband complained to reception explaining that we were on honeymoon etc etc and they agreed to upgrade us to a suite upstairs for a reduced fee. What a difference! The room was 3x the size, we had bathrobes, slippers, nice toiletries, bigger TV with DVD player, walk in closet, balconies with view over the pools, tea &amp; coffee facilities free internet access just outside and free afternoon tea and cocktails before dinner. Now this was what we'd expect of a 5*!! Shortly after the move we had champagne on ice and flowers delivered. We could have breakfast up on our room level also but we opted to have it in the main restaurant to see what choice there was. It was good, a large selection of hot and cold items. The hotel facilites were good with a great choice of places to absorb the rays - several pools and beach and lawns. There were watersports and shops etc . We ventured out both nights so we can't comment on the restaurants.The hotel is about 45-60mins from the airport which was not ideal especially as it was only a short stopover but would be perfect for a longer trip and a family holiday.	
Nov 7 2008 	In Need of a Break... stay here	Need a escape from the British weather and work, we booked the Jebel Ali Resort and Spa, Two hotels in one resort, e stayed in the Spa one in a Junior suite, great room but ask for a sea view otherwise you will overlook the main garden and the back of the other rooms.The service is great from start to finish, the receptionist in the spa hotel is not as friendly as the main hotel but they are very well linked. The treatments in the spa are very good but book early as the fill up very quickly. The buffet restaurant is good but always full of kids and they are touching the food so careful, the staff tried to keep them away but alas that’s the parent’s job? Not a fault of the hotel.Free shuttle bus into Dubai city or use Lady Cabs, cheaper and more professional than most taxis.Great for a quick escape to recharge the batteries!!	
Nov 5 2008 	Wonderful get away	We are residents in Dubai and were in need of a weekend break, we chose this hotel as it is only 20 minutes out of Dubai.The welcome was warm and the check in was efficient, the room was clean and well equipped.In the evening we had a BBQ dinner in lovely surroundings over looking the marina, the service was very good. The staff were attentive without being intrusive and the food was excellent.The purpose of the visit was too relax in beach surroundings and the beach at the hotel is beautiful.I agree that the hotel is older than most in Dubai, and not as modern, but all in all we would return for a close get away, the hotel has a lovely holiday feel.	
Nov 1 2008 	Very disappointed - shabby and tired hotel	My partner and I have just returned from a weekend at the Jebel Ali resort and were very disappointed with the overall experience. We are Dubai residents and have stayed in many of Dubai's 5 star hotels and I am shocked that this is still considered a 5* resort. It is 3* or 4* at best. Standards compared to hotels like the One and Only or Raffles are just worlds apart (which are the same price). We had some problems with check in as my partner had left his passport at home. We eventually had this resolved but were not offered any drinks during the 30 minute process, and then had to wait a further 30 minutes for our room to become available (2pm - so by the time we got to the beach it was 2:30pm). I then had to call the reception to get our bag sent up. The rooms are shabby, dated and small. The carpet was stained, there were holes in the bathrobes and only 1 towel each. Handles had fallen off drawers in the bathroom and the shower was ancient and had no water pressure. Compared to the ornate marble bathrooms you find in other hotels, this was a joke. The only positive things I have to say about the hotel is that the grounds are lovely and well cared for, and the White Orchid restaurant was pleasant. However, standards of service are awful (beach guy refused to find sunbeds for us as he would have to go and find some - this is unacceptable). I would recommend giong to this hotel and getting a day pass to spend by the beach if you fancy getting out of Dubai but until they do a complete refurb of the place, you will find much better hotels in Dubai itself. Avoid!	
Oct 24 2008	going downhill	Manchester 08 5 adultsStayed from 15th September to the 30th SeptemberThis was our third visit to the jebel ali resort in as many years and the first for two of our daughters and one grandson.We flew with etihad to Abu Dhabi to try it and we have decided not to repeat the experience.Last year we stayed at the Palm tree court and flew business class with Emirates and although far from being perfect it is superior to economy and you land in Dubai.We stayed on the 5th floor with access to the peacock lounge representing a big saving (free drinks etc dvds) and a very peaceful spot to take breakfast away from the hustle and bustle of the coffee shop which in my opinion has lost its atmosphere since the refurb. The food is not as good as in previous years in The coffee house or La Fontana.La Traviata still has excellent fillet steaks the Sports bar very good and Shooters coupled with clay pigeon shooting excellent.Room service was to become a nightmare 3 in one room 2 in another with a 150 dirham allowance per person supposedly .I could not get across to the new thai staff that this represents 750 allowance for the 2 rooms. My bill was reprinted 4 times and still unresolved when I left owing 650 Dirham that I disputed.The work on the palm is having an effect on the sea quality ie mushy contaminated sea bed with a tar remover towelette appearing amongst the toiletries in your room.The rooms are a tad shabby but spotlessy clean with linen change every day pool/beach towels every day sun beds and parasols provided and erected by the very alert and efficient Martin well worth a 100 dirham tip although not expected ,gratefully accepted. We could not understand the hotel policy of upgrading guests who had booked last minute and first time visitors put in suites on the 5th floor with all the extra benefits better than we had having paid full price and honeymoon couples having to pay the upgrade along with a guest on her 20th visit never having an up grade.next year all bookings will receive free full board !!!! total madness.	
Oct 21 2008 	A Pefect Time please read if travelling with family!	My wife, son and I travelled to Dubai for some sun and relaxation during the last few days Ramandan. Overall we enjoyed our trip to Jebel Ali. The resort is one of a few in UAE that was built with care and maintained over the years. The scenary was fantastic compared to the spralling construction of all surrounding areas in Dubai.I would recommend Jebel Ali to any person travelling with kids as my 1 year old fell very sick durong our stand and the in-house doctor and local hospital was very helpful and fairly affordable considering the circumstances. You can't plan for these things, so if it were to happen, this is the place :) The staff was very friendly, food awesome, and the beach wondeful! The rooms are very well furnished with modern decor and upkept extremly well.The facilities for young kids was amazing as there was a daycare center complete with 3 multi-lingual staff to watch your children free of charge during the day. In fact, due to the low number of children, they were happy to have any children to play with and the facility was very very modern and fun for our son.The only challenging part was the price of bottled water and the distance of our hotel to Dubai proper. This hotel is very much out of the way of mainland Dubai. The closest site are Mall of Emirates and the International Mall, besides that it's a fairly lengthy trip to town. Tips: Be sure to bring in your own water to the hotel. Bring in as much as you can from local petrol stations as it will be 500x cheaper, and you will need a lot of it as it is Dubai. Also, when booking a cab, be sure to ask for a local taxi, not a hotel one. The hotel taxis are about 2x the cost, although you do have to wait 15-20 extra minutes to get one. So plan ahead, call reception and book before you need one, this will allow for many more trips into town.Enjoy your stay and enjoy this hotel in the next few years as it will soon be overrun by DubaiLand and surrounding developments. This is truly a last true resort in Dubai away from the hustle and bustle.	
Oct 16 2008 	The Best Ever ! Luxury A+++++	We stayed here for 15 nights for our Honeymoon in June 2007 and we did not want to leave. We had a suite away from the mail hotel and it was pure luxury the room was huge the bathroom excellent and everything about it was first class. We were about 30 seconds walk from the private beach just through the palm trees.The Pool area was clean and tidy which plenty of clean towels available all day and night. The many restaurants and bars were great all the meals were excellent with many different syles Thia italian to name a few. The hotels own free shuttle bus to all the Mall's is excellent a must for getting around. Finally the staff in all area's of the hotel were fantastic very polite and could not do enough for you. We even got champage flowers and chocolates thrown in.The best place were have ever stayed and can't wait to go back...need to save a lot of money first though.	
Sep 15 2008 	best yet	We have just spent 10 days at the jebel ali, and what afantastic stay we have had.What can we say about our stay,well we had a suprior golf veiw rom which was on the 5th floor. This gave us access to the peacock lounge which was well worth the extra cost.This offerd us afternoon tea,also cocktals between 7-8,plus tea and coffee at any time.Our accomadation was excellant and very spacious and comfortable.Any one booking this hotel would be well advised to book a suprior room just for the extras.The service in all parts of the hotel was excellent. The grounds of the hotel are extensive and very well maintained,there is plenty to do if you wish to.Thay offer a varity of water sports ,horse riding, golf,fishing,tennis,badminton and thay have thay own plane and also a spa. There are several restraunts to choose from,and thay offer a wide variety of food which is to and excellent standerd,the staff were all friendly and very helpful. The only draw backs to this hotel are some people might find it a bit isolated,but thay do have a shuttle bus to town.The only other issue was that there was no evening entertainment. We really enjoyed our stay and would recormend this hotel for any one with a young family or people that want a holiday away from it all.	
Sep 9 2008 	fantastic	We stayed at the Jebel Ali for 5 nts in April. Dubai was the first part of a 3 week holiday which also included Thailand and HongKong.  The hotel was not busy during our stay, which meant finding a place by the pool was easy. they provide pool towels so you need not bring one. This was our favourite hotel out of the 3 we stayed in during our holiday. Visit Wild Wadi waterpark- great fun!!	
Sep 5 2008 	Ignore the negative comments This hotel's just fine!	I'm not going into specifics on the hotel as it has been covered in detail so many times previously. All I want to say is this hotel is a fantastic base for a truely fantastic holiday in Dubai. Everything you need for a great holiday is either provided or acessible.We spent 8 nights there and ate in all the retaurants - our favourite being the White orchid, the food was awesome! So much so that we ate there twice!Being so hot we spent any spare time we had either pampering ourselves in the spa which is just wonderful or lying by the pool relaxing. The service by the pool is amazing with guys spraying you with cooling evian spray, providing cold flannels and chilled fruit kebabs - all complimentary!The grounds are beautiful and the staff were so helpful and courteous and a small tip goes a long, long way. If you want a relaxing hotel then I would definately recommend this hotel. It might not be the glossiest hotel I've ever stayed in but in terms of service and the overall package it is brilliant!Dubai itself is amazing and for people who previously swore never to go to the same place twice - this time we will return and wouldn't hesitate to go back to the Jebel Ali! My final comment would be enjoy your holiday for what it is and don't pick holes for the sake of it!	
Sep 3 2008 	Escape from the city	We have just returned from a two week vacation in Dubai. The first week of the vacation we spent in the Jebel Ali hotel. The hotel was very nice and the beach was excellent. The hotel is a usual five star hotel – plenty of facilities, helpful stuff, clean (although unexciting) rooms.On the positive side – the hotel is in the remote area outside of Dubai. There are no building activities nearby; there is plenty of space on the beach and on the grass area under the palms. We thought that the hotel is a perfect place for relaxed beach holidays. There is a good choice of water sports as well as other activities (golf, horse riding or shooting at the shooting club).On the negative side – the hotel is, in fact, far from the Dubai centre. There is a complimentary shuttle bus that goes to the city, passing by the nearest shopping mall, Ibn Battuta (25 minutes drive), and going as far as Wild Wadi water park and Mall of Emirates (50 minutes). Nevertheless, if you plan to go to the centre for an entertainment or do some serious shopping, it is better to get a hotel on Jumeraih beach in Dubai or at Dubai Marina.	
Aug 24 2008 	Nice enough...	Jebel Ali Golf Resort and Spa is well set away from the main strip of Dubai’s Jumeirah Beach. The Resort is about an hour from the airport in good traffic and is literally in the middle of nowhere – probably not a good base if you want to explore Dubai but great if you want to be out of Dubai but close enough for a one-off visit. The hotel puts on a free bus service but this only goes as far as the gold and diamond park (not the gold souk), so nowhere near Deira, the creek and downtown Dubai generally.We chose to stay here as it was out of the way and because we had heard so many good things about the resort. We only left the resort once to go to Butta mall and used the hotel taxi which was a very reasonable 70 AED. Note that if you are after a taxi, only the hotel taxi is really available for use. They can order taxis from Dubai but you need to book that well in advance and there’s no guarantee that they will turn up. The resort is made up of Jebel Ali Hotel and Palm Tree Court. We stayed at Jebel Ali (JA) hotel and as far as I could tell there are no obvious distinctions between the facilities available to a guest of either hotel as you are allowed to use the facilities of either hotel very easily without any questions. Palm Tree Court is lovely though and well worth a look. We had a sea view room at the at JA hotel which had lovely views over the resort and out to sea. Our room was small by Dubai standards but perfectly useable. The bedroom was clean and equipped with tea/coffee making facilities, stationary and all the usual basic stuff that you would come to expected of a good hotel. We had a small balcony which was nice but it was too small to sit out on (and too hot in Aug anyway). Annoyingly the air-conditioning was not very powerful and it was impossible to have the curtains open as the system just could not cope with the heat seeping the through patio door. The bathroom was clean with a good size bath and powerful shower and a very helpful washing line. Elemis products were also provided. The resort itself has 3 large pools, one of which is a salt water pool. The pools were clean and watch by life guards. In addition to the pools, the resort benefits from a relatively long stretch of clean beach next to the new palm. Although we could see the palm we weren’t disturbed by any noise. The sand was lovely and soft and the sea was beautifully clear. There was also a volleyball court set up on the beach as well as a water volleyball area. Unfortunately the resort’s beach does not stretch all the way to the palm, so locals take advantage of the safe location that the resort now has protected by the palm to joyride their jet skis. Obviously this created bigger waves to tackle for people like me who like to float around in the sea as well as those people who were taking part in the water sports on offer. I witnessed 2 near-misses, where a jet-skier appeared to deliberately head straight towards one of the hotel’s banana boats and veer off at the last second. All very scary to watch. One of the things that we have come to expect of Dubai’s beach hotels is a drinks service on the beach (not just on the grassy areas of the beach), where someone comes to take drinks orders and provide ice. Unfortunately this was not the case; and considering the heat the trek back to restaurant was a little arduous. I got the feeling that they were lacking staff particularly as the beach life guards were doubling up as waiters for the beach-side restaurants, which was a little disconcerting. The resort is family friendly. Children are very well catered for and they are allowed in all the 3 pools and even allowed up at the pool bars. Not having children ourselves, we felt a little alienated as we couldn’t find any quiet space to chill out. The resort hosts a number of free activities such as football and yoga. We didn’t take part in any of this but it was nice to have as an option. Instead we opted for a deep sea fishing trip which was fantastic! August is however not a good time for fishing mainly because it was too hot for us and the fish – only the hammour stick around in the summer months. The Captain and the deckhand were both very skilled and were very keen on getting us involved. This trip was to celebrate my husband’s birthday which I had booked it in advance of our arrival. To my, and my husband's, surprise they had decorated the boat with balloons to celebrate, which was a lovely touch. My husband caught 3 fish – the biggest being 12kgs – which we took back to the hotel and asked the chef at the Sports Bar to cook for us. This only cost 50AED each which was an absolute bargain since this included preparing and cooking the fish, salads, veggies and potato wedges. It was probably the best meal we had at the hotel, probably owing to the fact that we gave the chef free reign on cooking the fish rather than being prescriptive.There are many restaurants at the resort. Some are better than others. The Anchor Bar is good. The selection of food is wider and much tastier than the other beach-side restaurant. La Fontana is a buffet at Palm Tree Court which is ok, though not as good as it looks in all the cooking stations. The Arabian bbq at La Fontana is expensive for what it is but made a nice change with a belly dancer to entertain. Another highlight of our trip was going on a Seawings flight which was fantastic and I would highly recommend it! On the ground Dubai looks so built up but in reality only the coast has been built on; head a couple of miles or so in land and there’s absolutely nothing. It totally changed our perspective of Dubai. Staff at the hotel are efficient and helpful - don’t have any complaints here. We did however suffer one bout of incompetence: when we booked our hotel transfer from the airport we were told that it would cost 175AED. We charged this to our room on our arrival. On checkout we were annoyed to find out that the transfer actually costs 190AED. Although we weren’t going to quibble over 25AED, they refused to believe that we had been told otherwise which really annoyed us. We understand that mistakes are made but we hate it when people don’t own up to them. On the flip side however, they did make my husband's birthday particularly memorable, not only by decorating the boat for our fishing trip but by also delivering a birthday cake and bottle of champagne to our room to mark the occasion. In honesty I have struggled to put enthusiasm into this review. I understand why the place is loved – it’s a great escape from Dubai without being too far away. But it didn’t really infect me the way that many of Dubai’s other hotels do, including those in Deira. I would visit again but only if I found an amazingly cheap deal; there are better resorts in Dubai for the same money – it just depends on whether or not you want to be in the city - and within reach of all those fantastic shops!	
Aug 23 2008 	Nothing special	I was not very pleased with our weekend to this hotel. The room was small, very old furniture, and the bathroom shower was actually dripping!the hotel has 3 swimming pools, two of them are salty and not very clean!We dined in la Fontana restaurant, the food was fine, breakfast was at ibn majed restaurant which was fabulous.There are very few water sport activities in this hotel, although they have a great beach, but not utilizedIf you were to get a good deal (like we did) i would suggest that you go, other wise, you can find many other modern, new and active hotels!	
Aug 21 2008 	leading hotels in the world - been to better!	Considering this place is one of the leading hotels in the world - put it this way i have stayed in better.....On arrival we were greeted and made to stand by reception for 20 mins while they couldnt find our booking. Letting a poor trainee struggle to eventually find our booking. We were then given a key to find our room ourselves. Given no information regarding breakfast or any restaurants as we were here on b&amp;b basis. Service was not given unless you asked basically.....We had previously paid to upgrade our room to a sea view room - this was so not worth it, you werent allowed to go out onto your balcony anyway as the heat condensated the mirrors in the room. Way to snobby for my liking!The room itself was like a shoe box and the bathroom was almost half the size of the room. This was nice including free robes and flip flops - although the bath and shower were very old and not very good.We read through some information found in our room and discovered there was a strict dress code for everything - this was no holiday, being told what to wear! It was 50 degrees outside and you werent allowed to wear casual clothing! Closed shoes and trousers for gents to breakfast etc.... Dinner jacket to all restaurants for dinner! Resorting to room service the first night!No one had told us this, and we were very un prepared as we'd just come from spending a week in the Maldives &amp; week in Sri Lanka - 2 highly recommended destinations!Anyway we didnt care and just got on with the 3 days we had here in Dubai, the pool was over crowded so decided to head to the beach. We just lay down on a sun lounger and looked out towards the sea and all you could see was diggers and jcb's working in the distance. This is not idealistic on your holidays....The hotel provides a free bus into the city several times a day so we decided we'd had enough of the hotel that'd we go exploring!We got dropped off at the Emirates mall to begin, this was huge and great for shopping - but mainly shops we have in Britain so wasnt very interesting. I defintley recommend eating out in the malls - so much cheaper than the hotels and much more variety.We visted the souks, these were great absorbing the cultural atmosphere. Buying spices etc.... Also the diamond park.Our last day in Dubai we decided we werent goin to stay in the hotel so went to 'Wild Wadi' the waterpark for the day. This was fab, the hotel bus dropped you off there approx 11am and picked you up 3pm - plenty of time! An excellent day!Dubai in general is very materalistic &amp; fake! Still lots of building work going on everywhere and i guess will be for several years...	
Aug 9 2008 	Love this hotel	We have been to this hotel every october for the last six years. We love it. It may be an old buiding and less flashy than others on Jumeirah Beach but we far prefer it especially being away from all of the building works at Jumeirah Marina. All of the staff are wonderful, helpful, but not in your face and nothing is too much trouble. The rooms are not enormous but more than adequate for our needs. We spend all day by the beach, or golfing and fishing for my husband, then eat in one of the hotels restaurants or go into Dubai using the hotel bus to get in and usually a taxi to get back as they are not expensive. The shopping is fantastic and we have bartered to get some wonderful jewellery in the Gold and Diamond Mall. We do not normally keep on returning to the same place for a holiday but this place for us is a perfect autumn getaway and we haven't found anywhere to beat it yet.	
Aug 5 2008 	Overrated property	&quot;Known as Dubai’s Only True Resort&quot; ... lured by this jingle I booked two nights at the resort. I stayed at the Jebel Ali Hotel, the main building.On the negative, rooms are small, the balcony is a joke (not even large enough for a chair), the decor comes with the charme of the 1980s. The bathroom is really old (appliances were hardly functioning).On the positive, the beach is one of the nicer ones in Dubai. There are plenty of sunlies outside. I tested the Asian restaurant with some colleagues, and the food quality was excellent.Service in general was efficient, though friendliness sometimes lacking (as you find it often in Dubai these days).Overall, there are MUCH nicer hotels in Dubai. A #9 ranking, as at the time of my review, is far too high.	
Aug 5 2008 	Fabulous Holiday!!	Myself, my husband and two young daughters stayed at this wonderful hotel for 2 weeks from the middle to the end of July 2008.Never having been to Dubai or anywhere near the Middle East before, we didn't quite know what to expect, however, upon leaving the airport in a large air-conditioned courtesy bus with just us in it, we knew we had made the right decision!Nothing is too much trouble for the staff at the hotel (we stayed in the Palm Court which is a few minutes walk from the main hotel, in a sea front suite which was lovely) - if you don't want to walk anywhere, just hail a buggy and it will deliver you to your destination. The pool attendants were particularly friendly and helpful and ensured we had sun beds available to us every day in the same position so that we could easily supervise our children in our favourite of the 3 lovely pools on site. Likewise, the room staff were just lovely, bringing you bottled water, fruit and ice every day as soon as you were back from a hard day by the pool!Whilst relaxing in or beside the pool, a pool attendant regularly comes round with cooling water sprays and icy cold towels for your face, and also with ice cold fruit kebabs throughout the long, very hot days.As I said, we went in July, and the temperature was very hot indeed reaching 52degrees on more than a couple of days - a bit too hot for us to be honest, and we had to keep a very close eye on the children, using factor 50 every hour. The evening temperature seemed even hotter, as the humidity really kicks in after dark, so avoid too much walking, grab a buggy instead! Ladies, don't expect your GHD straightened hair to stay like it for very long as the sheer heat will play havoc with your locks!! Take it from me ha ha!I have read in a previous review to try the Captains Bar for a drink and a puff on a sheesha - we did this a couple of times and it was fun. However, we found Captains to be just about the hottest place in the grounds, especially at night, so take a fan to cool yourself down.We were half board at the hotel, and we took our breakfasts in La Fontana which is the buffet restaurant catering mainly for guests in Palm Court, and it was very good indeed. My favourite part was the egg section (as stated in a previous review) and the omelettes are made with such speed it's unbelievable! Delicious though. We also took most of our evening meals in the same buffet restaurant where each evening has a theme - carvery, indian, caribbean, moroccan, world cuisine, bbq - all very good indeed. For the kids, there is usually fresh pasta cooked to order as well, along with really good starters, salads, breads and desserts. I put on about 8lbs in the 2 weeks, so that speaks for itself I guess! We also ate twice in Shooters, a steak house just a short courtesy bus ride away to the shooting club (still part of the Jebel Ali resort), the food was very good and the staff were lovely - Manoj the manager was superb, as was Tin Soe, one the waiters.La Traviata the italian restaurant inside the main hotel was really good, too, I can throughly recommend the scallops to start and the pasta with the mushroom and truffle sauce - delicious!To get a break from the intense sunshine, we took two trips to Battuta mall (the closest to Jebel Ali), and 1 to the Mall of the Emirates - both of which we amazing, lots of bargains to be had in the sales! Courtesy bus available to both places.All in all, we had a great time at Jebel Ali, and would like to return but probably when Dubai has finished some more of it's larger development, The Waterfront and Dubailand to see how it's improved. Also probably in February or November, to save us from the intense humid heat of July!Hope this has been of use - go to Jebel Ali, it's great!	
Aug 3 2008 	Top Hotel Resort	Just returned from a 7 night stay at the Jebel Ali Hotel with my girlfriend. Booked a sea view room which gave excellent views of the hotel pools, marina and beach.  Although about 30mins from centre of Dubai, this hotel offers the perfect way to relax. The 9-hole golf course, which I managed to play twice, is excellent. It has been graced by the likes of Ernie Els and Tiger Woods. If your going in the summer months however, be sure to book you tee time before 9am, as the 115F temperatures can take its toll !  The hotel also puts on various activities such as volleyball, football and tennis which were great! My girlfriend made the most of Spa, which she descried as the best massage she's had. Food, although a little expensive at in some restaurants, was of a very high standard. Staff are excellent and can’t do enough for you.	
Aug 2 2008 	Great getaway	The grounds are beautiful - a nice change from Dubai - peacocks and birds. Beautiful views of the sea, although the Waterfront landfill is within view of the hotel. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and clean. The staff is very friendly and enthusiastic. We had the buffet at the main hotel because the other restaurants were booked and that was diasppointing. We also had breakfast included in our stay - this is a buffet at La Fontana - also disappointing.	
Jul 28 2008 	A great place to relax	Our second stay at Jebel Ali and again we enjoyed our time there. The hotel is worthy of its five stars, it exudes class, style and comfort. There has been some updating in the dining room and in the furnishings since our last visit and although the Jebel Ali Hotel is not the flashiest hotel in Dubai it is all very pleasant. The gardens, beach and pool area are spacious and a peaceful haven. There is some offshore construction work but it did not impact on our stay. Dubai city centre is approximately 45 minutes drive away (dependent on traffic} so probably not the best location if you want to see the city tourist sights. I was pleased to avoid the rampant building works, dust , heat and traffic that has become synonomous with Dubai.This was my 15th visit in 14 years and the changes I have seen over that time have not been for the better in my opinion. It is still possible to experience the wonders of old Dubai and a visit to the creek, souqs and museums should not be missed	
Jul 23 2008 	Perfect holiday	Spent an idyllic mother and daughter week at the main hotel. Had booked a golf view room and found it to be very quiet and comfortable. Housekeeping was flawless and nothing was too much trouble for the staff.Loved the public areas both inside and out and far preferred the understated elegance of the Jebel Ali to the gaudiness of some other Dubai hotels. The pool areas and beach were very well supplied with loungers and some mornings we had the whole beach to ourselves until near lunchtime. Drinks ordered on the beach were inexpensive and delivered very promptly.Had booked half board and took breakfast and dinner in the main restaurant. Food was excellent and we were both particularly fond of the salad buffet. Good intentions came to nothing when confronted with the delicious entrees and wicked desserts. Restaurant staff were very attentive and mealtimes were a highlight.The hotel is a good way out of the city centre but it is easy to catch the hotel coach to the malls or to take a taxi to the creek or Karama (addicted to handbags !). It is lovely to return to such a peaceful oasis after the frenetic activity of the city. You can have the best of both worlds by staying at the Jebel Ali.This is a very comfortable hotel made exceptional by the very high calibre of staff who go the extra mile to make your stay memorable. My teenage daughter and I felt thoroughly pampered and chilled by the end of the week and are already planning a return trip	
Jul 17 2008 	10 nights of pure bliss	We have just returned from a wonderful holiday at the Jebel Ali Golf Resort. Our daughter and her friend (16 yr olds) enjoyed their holiday equally as much as we did. We stayed at the Jebel Ali 3 years ago and were concerned about returning, but after looking at lots of other hotels, including booking one on Jumerieh Beach, we decided to go back, (this is something we never do, prefering always to try a new hotel) but in this instance we felt sure that although the hotel bedrooms can appear slightly dated the professionalism of the hotel staff and picturesque surroundings would completely make up for any reservations we had ten fold.We were not disappointed! The main restaurant 'Ibn Majad' used for breakfast has been refurbished since our last visit, it now has more of a boutique feel to it, the choice of food is excellent and staff are friendly and cannot do enough to help. When I say friendly they are not 'in your face' but completely discreet and professional at all times. La Traviata Italian is extremely good, along with The White Orchid, which we would highly also recommend.Also on the eating front, I booked the Bateaux Dubai Dinner Cruise, this is owned by the hotel and was a fantastic experience. Very upmarket, the food was excellent and the sights from the boat along the Creek were fantastic by night. There is a courtesey bus from the hotel, making it a special evening, and great value.Another must is afternoon tea at the Burj al Arab, we did this 3 years ago and enjoyed it just as much the second time around.We noticed immediately that the hotel has focused on staff training since our last visit, both myself and my husband could feel this from the moment we arrived. I only recognised 1 member of staff from 3 years ago. We felt that the hotel recognises that with Dubai's vast growth comes major competition, I can only admire the fact that they have reacted in a positive way.The position of this hotel is second to non, having the magnificient golf course, the marina, endless private beach, 3 pools, spa, tennis courts, horse riding, gym, shooting club etc etc., I could go on, what I feel makes this hotel though is the grounds, you never feel claustrophobic......its bliss! and if you do get too hot and bothered in the Dubai sun, why not try snow skiing at the Kempinski Hotel, its fantastic, basically Dubai has everything you could wish for, it is an amazing place to visit.	
Jul 7 2008 	Words Cannot Describe!	This hotel does not need a refurb as others suggest, infact it makes the holiday. The hotel staff cannot do enough for you whether it's in your room, the 5 restaurants they have on the resort or in reception. You can arrange your excertions with Desert Travel who has a gorgeous agent by the name of &quot;Miranda&quot; that will help you. Dubai is not cheap so it's nice to have an actual hotel that offers half board, take the option if you can as it saves you lots of money and the food is no different to what you get outside. It's a 40mins taxi ride into Dubai city and costs between 70-90AED depending if you use the hotel taxi or a normal taxi (hotel taxis are usually BMW, Lexus etc). Make sure you got to the captains bar after a nice meal then have a drink and smoke on some Shisha which is a flavoured bubble pipe. It has a private beach and 3 pools. There's peacocks on the resort grounds and you always see one walking about somewhere. This hotel is really good and if your looking for a good deal in such an expensive, upcoming city then this is the hotel for you. Plus you get to come back and relax on a beach, in the peace and quiet away from the noisy construction city of Dubai. A great hotel, beautiful city and great, friendly people. Hope this helps!	
Jul 6 2008 	You don't have to love Golf to stay here	I booked a sea view double room in the Jebel Ali Hotel. The hotel itself is part of the Jebel Ali golf resort and spa complex.The room was a good size with a king size bed, desk, small sofa and a decent bathroom with a shower over the bath. The room was clean and modern with the all important air conditioning working and easy to use. There was also a small balcony, which my first impressions was that it was too small...then I opened the patio door to be hit by a wall of heat, won't be sitting out there then, but was utilised as an excellent towel drying area!That staff at this hotel/resort were very polite, spoke excellent English and were very helpful. Nothing was too much trouble. I checked in at midnight and the reception seemed to be fully manned, likewise when I checked out at 4am.The resort has many restaurants and bars. The main on in the Jebel Ali hotel is Ibn Majed. This is where the breakfast was served each morning. I've read varying reports on other reviews on the food served here, for what it's worth I can't really complain. The hotel does carry a five star rating, and I'm not sure that a self service buffet would be what some five star regulars would expect? The food was well set out in hot plates and covered, there was plenty of choice, both hot and cold. The main plus point for me was &quot;eggs corner&quot; where a member of staff would cook you your eggs just how you wanted them, I certainly missed that this morning back home when I had to make my own scrambled eggs!During my visit I ate a few evening meals at the resort. One night I went to Shooters, a steakhouse situated at the Jebel Ali shooting range. To get to this restaurant you take a complimentary shuttle bus a few miles to the gun club. The restaurant offers a panoramic view of the shooting range and is set out a little like a Berni Inn. The menu was limited, but the portions generous. A far better restaurant was the La Traviata Italian restaurant on the ground floor. Again the menu wasn't massive, but like Shooters the portions were excellent. There was an option to start with a visit to the salad bar, forget your Pizza Hut experiences with salad bars, this one was fantastic. You could help yourself to cured meat, salads, cheese, giant prawns, squid, sun dried tomatoes and olives.Also at the resort was a Spa. I didn't use this but my girlfriend did. She had a few treatments one afternoon and was very impressed and relaxed afterwards. The price of the treatments wasn't included in our package, but I'm told they were reasonable compared to what they would cost in the UK.There is also a golf course in the resort; sadly I'm not a golfer so I can't comment on the facilities or the course. After speaking with the golf manager one evening he did say that you have to look out for Peacocks on the course as they roam free in the resort.The location of the hotel is little out of the hustle and bustle of Dubai, but is linked to the main tourist areas by a large highway. It took about 45 minutes by car to get from the airport, but at the time of night I arrived the legendary Dubai traffic had subsided somewhat. During our stay we took a taxi to the Gold Souq in Deira. This taxi ride took over an hour from the Mall of the Emirates! The resort operates a free shuttle bus to the Ibn Battuta Mall, the Mall of the Emirates, the Gold &amp; Diamond Park and in peak hours the Wild Wadi water park. As July is not the busiest time of the tourist calendar in Dubai there were plenty of seats available on the coach, but in peak times you can pre book your seat. As recommended by a previous reviewer of this hotel I took the coach to the Mall of the Emirates and then got a taxi from there into Bur Dubai or Deira - saved a few AED that way!One of the main advantages of being out of town is you are away from the main building work that seems to go on around the clock in Dubai. That's not to say that you are totally excused from cranes and diggers. Just off shore from the Hotels private beach construction work has commenced on the Jebel Ali Palm Island. It appears to be in its early stages and there are no buildings being constructed as yet, they are preparing the ground work. This does create a little noise but for the majority of my stay it was the low bass rumble of building machinery. Having said that from Thursday to my departure on Saturday there were a couple of JCB diggers operating on the palm shore nearest the private beach that were moving large boulders that caused quite a bit of noise and carried on well into the night. This was audible through the double glazing of the hotel room.Talking to various taxi drivers and tour guides it looks like there will be a large development in the near future just inland from the resort, I noticed the area had been advertised from the main highway as being bigger than Hong Kong and would involve creating a water inlet not far from the hotel. How much disruption to guests this would cause is difficult to say at this early stage though.All in all my stay at the Jebel Ali Hotel was excellent, I hope that as the building work on the Jebel Ali Palm Island doesn't ruin the atmosphere at the resort...only time will tell?	
Jun 28 2008	Dream Holiday	My girlfriend and I spent two fantastic weeks at the Jebel Ali Golf Resort and Spa Hotel in June 2008. The hotel was excellent. Everyone was so friendly and made you feel so welcome and nothing was ever too much. We stayed in a standard golf room which for the two of us was fine and it had everything we needed including a balcony overlooking the 9 hole golf course. We spent alot of our time on the hotel's private beach or by the hotels' pools. It was hot however there was a cool breeze blowing off the Gulf so it wasn't too bad and you aclimatised to the heat. The hotel runs a shuttle bus service to some of the main attractions in Dubai e.g. Mall of Emirates, IBN Battuta Mall, Wild Wadi about 3 times a day. However if you want to get into the centre of Dubai you would need to get a taxi. Dubai itself there is alot of development going on and it did make you feel like you were in one massive building site however it didn't spoil the holiday and there are plenty of things to do to detract you from this.We went on a half day city tour organised through Desert Adventures which was interesting. Also we went on a Desert Safari through Arabian Adventures which involved &quot;dune bashing&quot;. camel ride, experiencing arabic food at a bedouin which also included belly dancing. It was fantastic experience and would recommend it to anyone! There is so much to see and do in Dubai and it's surrounding area. 2 weeks is not enough and so we hope to go back there next year. Overall it was an excellent holiday and definitely recommend the Jebel Ali Golf Resort and Spa hotel.	
Jun 28 2008 	Totally Excellent	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for 9 nights, 15 to 24 june on Half Board basis.This was our first visit to Dubai, on arrival at the airport we were greeted by josef, who showed us to our private car, it took around 40 minutes to get to the hotel, but during the day it does take much longer due to high traffic.We stayed in a sea veiw room, number 329...great veiw of the marina, beach front &amp; one of the pools, some reviews on here say that the rooms are dated but in my opinion i don`t think it was at all, but very spacious &amp; cleaned to a very high standard every day by Nong, our house keeper for the duration.All the hotel Staff were very helpful, pleasant &amp; could not do enough to please.I could not fault anything, food was excellent ,very good choice of food in the buffet resturant &amp; you can also eat at a number of a la carte resturants with a reservation before hand. The hotels private beach was beautiful, white sands, warm waters, even a beach attendant to place your towels on sunloungers for you. I would definatley reccommend this hotel to anyone looking for a relaxing holiday but still wanting to be in reasonable location to access the city.	
Jun 18 2008 	Paradisiacal Place...	I recommend the Jebel Ali hotel to everyone going to Dubai... Girls or boys time, couple and family.This hotel is exclusive, a 35 minutes drive from the airport, located just on the outskirt of Dubai in an area call Jebel Ali.Private beach with plenty of sunloungers, towels given to you when going to the swimming-pool or to the beach, order for cocktails or all sort of drinks taken while you are baking on your sunlounger. The thing that amazed me the most is the customer service: as soon as you lift a finger, someone from the staff comes to you straight away with all kind of politeness... It feels ackward sometimes for people like me who are not used to be served. The rooms are extremely clean, with hairdryer in each room, housekeeper coming every evening to open your bed and put a bottle of water on your beside table. There is always a cab ready to take you to the Dubai centre, however even if the cab from the hotel are more expensive than the meter cab in town, I recommend you to get the car from the hotel as it is a propre high standard chauffeur driven service for 90 dirhams instead of 65 Dirhams with a sometimes stinky cab driven by a guy who thinks is Ayrton Sena!!!The food is absolutely delicious, presented on a massive buffet, they cook your eggs in front of you in the morning and you can choose your ganish, all sorts of food is available: continental, eEnglish, fruits, cheese... For dinner there are many choices for starters, hot dish, meat, veggy!!! And it looks so healthy that you don't even feel guilty to get up for another round.There are daytime bar-snacks, shisha tent and also restaurants other than the main restaurant where they serve the buffet.There is an ATM machine in the resort, a shooting club that I recommend to people who love police series where cops have revolver, their helmet on and someone comes to talk to them...Starsky &amp; Hutch... it can be book through the concierge service and it cost 60 dirhams only. Then you take your target with you as a souvenir and the guy can take a picture of you in the end.The only tiny disappointment is that there is no good atmosphere bar or club in the resort, the bar that closes at 1am or 2am is pretty dead with relaxing music only. They need a club as it is far away from Dubai and some night you might just want to stay in the resort but still partying...Enjoy your stay	
Jun 15 2008	just what the doctor ordered	myself and partner stayed at the jebel ali for a week starting the 8th june, on a half board basis.On arrival at dubai airport (12.30 am) we picked up a taxi and headed for the hotel, the journey took approx 40 mins and cost 140 dirhams (£20) (add extra time if travelling through the day as the roads get very congested).On arrival we were greeted by the friendly staff and showed to our room, the rooms are a bit dated but this is one of the oldest hotels in dubai, but they have everything you need.That morning we headed for breakfast and was very happy with he selection on offer, everything from fruit to fry ups.We started to explore the hotel grounds, 3 pools, excellently kept gardens, several pool bars and beach bars, beach front location, gym with squash, tennis badminton, sauna ,steam room, weights and the golf course which was immaculate.The hotel spa is a great way to relax with one of there many treatments, we both had massages and were very impressed. There is a very impressive marina with millions of pounds worth of yatchs,even a waterplane if you want to see dubai from a different angle.We settled down by one of the pools and again greeted by the staff who rolled out our towels onto our beds and offered there services from the bar.For evening meals there are several options depending on your stay basis, again we were more than happy with the quality of the food and the selection.The hotel has it's own private beach which is perfect for relaxing on, with plenty of sunbeds to go round.Night times the bars are open until 2 am, several of the bars have happy hours which if you judge it right you can hop from one happy hour to the next saving your pocket a few pennies, drinks in dubai are expensive where ever you go and on average you will pay 30 dirhams (£4-5) for a bottle of lager and more for a spirit.There is a free shuttle bus from the hotel to dubai city, it picks you up from the door and drops off at several places in the city, which is a great way to see the city.I would recommend this hotel for those who want peace and quiet but also the opportunity to sample the hustle and bustle of the city life.Only slight concern was on checkout we were informed that 2000 dirhams (£300) had been debited from my account re hotel policy, they did say i would be fully refunded within 7 days, this was not mentioned when booking in at the start of our holiday when we handed over our credit card.	
Jun 6 2008 	Oasis of Calm in Insane Place!!!	I have sat down to write this before, but was in two minds as to what I thought. We had originally planned to go to Dubai at the beginning of April, and then again for the end of May. We ended up travelling at the beginning of May, which was probably about the right time.My partner and myself are not the most demanding of people, she is content to sit on the beach or by the pool, I on the other hand am content to either play golf or just wander off and do my own thing. From this point of view, the Jebel Ali Golf Resort &amp; Spa ticked all the right boxes, with the exception of the body holiday, this place is one of the most relaxed places I have been.True it is a little way out of the main town, but they do run a coach service periodicly, and the taxis are very reasonably priced. The location suited us, as I am involved in the construction industry, we didn't want this to become a &quot;busman's&quot; holiday and the remoteness was just about right. The Jebel Ali palm was under construction at the time of our visit, and on one day the dust from this work was a major problem.I had read some of the reveiws posted on this site prior to travelling, and I have to say that without exception, they give a fairly decent overview of the resort, trying not to be negative, our room was in need of an update, and some of the fixtures and fittings were a little jaded, but is this a function of the higher expectations we have of Dubai?In summary, a good place to stay, the staff are very attentive, the only problem we had was at check in, they assigned us a smoking room, but this was very quickly rectified, if you have breakfast at the hotel, try the scrambled eggs, and for dinner the pasta dishes are superb. Better still, treat yourselves to the Bateaux Dubai, a fabulous night out with top class service and astonishing food.Would we go again? to Dubai definitely, to the Jebel Ali, probably	
May 20 2008 	Still a good hotel in a geat location	We stayed at the Jebel Ali Hotel at the end of April and this was our second visit. The hotel albeit looking a bit old fashioned is still of a very high quality inside. Our room was spotlessly clean and a perfectly good size. The real bonus for the JAH is it's location and the terrific beach front. You can always find a sun lounger away from the crowds. The hotel pamapering continues on the beach with the attendants running to spread towels, clean sunglasses and put up umbrellas. The building work on the Palm is not instrusive and if a sado like me even interesting to watch. The new seaplanes based at JAH add more interest, but are quite pricey £100 approx for 30 min trip.We found the restaurants a bit mixed, but that probably more down to our preferences. We used a few restaurants in the shopping malls when we wanted a change. Top tip is the Butchers Shop and Gril in Mall of the Emirates, but veggies beware!We had an invite to the Manager's cocktail party, most Monday nights. Well worth going, lots of free drink food, plus a nice atmosphere.Final thing to note if planning to visit. The hotel are obviously making a real push to maximise occupancy and are running a few marketing campaings selling weekend packages to the locals (weekend is Thurs - Sat). This made the hotel and beach areas busier than normal, plus as we arrived early on a Sat morning we had to wait until mid-day for our room.We will be going back next year!	
May 19 2008 	Would definitely recommend the Jebel Ali"	We stayed at the Jebel for one week at the beginning of May and had a fantastic time. We had no concerns over the rooms - how much time do you spend in your room anyway!The food at the restaurants was outstanding. There was everything you could wish for at breakfast. In the evening we ate at the Italian, the White Orchid and also Signatures and was very impressed. For lunch the salads at the beach bar were very good.Would also recommend the Bateaux Dubai - very good value for money as the food and service is excellent.The pool and beach were fantastic I only wish I was sunbathing under one of the palms in the gardens now!Went to the spa - a very relaxing experience and worth a visit.Do not stay at this hotel if you want to spend a lot of time in Dubai centre as it is a good 30-40 mins out of town.	
May 13 2008 	Very Good Hotel - Location is 7 stars !!!	Before choosing the Jebel Ali Hotel, I've read some of the reviews here. So I've seen that some people were not satisfied at all with this Hotel. Let me tell you: this Hotel has no problems, but the people who wrote these bad reviews do have problems!The location of the hotel is very good: it's 20 minutes by car from Jumeirah Beach area (Mina Seyahi area), 30 minutes from the Burj Al Arab area (Madinat Jumeirah area), and 40 minutes from Downtown Dubai (Burj Dubai and Dubai Creek/Deira areas).So now you ask yourself: &quot;why this guy is telling that the location is very good, while you can't reach any important sight, except by car ?&quot;... Well, believe me: don't even think of staying in downtown Dubai or Jumeirah beaches areas!!! These areas are VERY crowded, and there are too much construction sites!There is so much construction going on in these central areas that there is a continuous dust cloud everywhere!!!By contrast, the Jebel Ali area is peaceful, and the Jebel Ali Hotel is a wonderful oasis in the middle of nowhere. The gardens are very nice, it's really amazing that they managed to have a so nice garden in the middle of the desert, you can even feel you're on some kind of tropical island!The only construction site right now in Jebel Ali is the &quot;Palm Jebel Ali&quot;, which is being built 500 meters offshore, just in front of the hotel. You definitely hear the construction works from the hotel's beach and sea-facing rooms, but it's not too loud, so we didn't found it too annoying.The hotel itself is one of the oldest in the Dubai area, it can't compete with, say, the Mina A Salam or the Royal Meridien, but the Jebel Ali is still a solid 4-stars property, and it costs around half the price of the other luxury hotels in Dubai...Rooms are good, good size, all standard amenities available, bathroom is small but nice, the balcony is too small and you can't seat there. We didn't plan to spend much time in the room, so we booked a garden view, which was very good.You definitely must book the Half Board plan, as meals are really expensive in the hotel restaurants. That's what we did, and we were really happy about it.Hotel grounds are really 5-stars: there are three gorgeous swimming pools, fantastic gardens by the beach, and...THE BEACH!!! One of the best I've been to (and i've been to almost all tropical islands on earth, from the Maldives to Hawaii...). The beach is private and very big, the sand is white, and the sea is crystal-clear: FANTASTIC!Most guests were russians, and, well, they have a different kind of education from the western countries...We would have prefered a mix of british/french/italian/german, but it was not a big problem...Very good advice: make all day trips and excursions on fridays and saturdays, because fridays and saturdays are week-end days in Dubai, and the hotel's beach gets *VERY* crowded during these two days. In fact a lot of Dubai expats come to the Jebel Ali hotel's beach during the week end (they pay a fee for using the private beach). It's really a sign that Jebel Ali's beach is much better than those in Jumeirah area !We booked a desert safari to the Maghram desert with Arabian Adventures (office in the lobby), and it was absolutely amazing !We've booked airport transfers with hotel, absolutely brilliant: both journeys super fast and on BMW 750 super luxury...Hotel's staff the best I've ever met, always smiling, always helpful, they are really happy to work at Jebel Ali, and they let you know it !All in all, we will definitely come back to this amazing resort, but we will look carefully the developments of the Palm Jebel Ali, and of the Dubai Waterfront, which will be build near the hotel.	
Apr 17 2008	Very helpful staff	I was a bit apprehensive about the hotel after reading some of the reviews, but I can say that , in spite of the somewhat dated bedrooms, the total experience was very positive. There is a good choice of restaurants ( I particularly liked the Italian and Oriental restaurants), the staff could not do enough to look after us, there are plenty of loungers and the cost of the food and drink was not exorbitant. The location is a big bonus, if you want R+R and not to be in the centre of Dubai. All in all, we thoroughly enjoyed our holiday. Good 4 star rather than 5 star, but none the worse for that.	
Apr 1 2008 	No worries at the J.A.	Arrived at the Hotel en-route from OZ just after 6am for a 2 night stopover. We were delighted to be shown to our room immediately rather than having to hang around for the traditional 2pm check-in.Breakfast at 7am was excellent with a first class selection on an international basis. We booked room only but the cost was very reasonable for the standard of service and selection.The Italian resturaunt on the lower ground floor is well worth a visit with a good menu choice and again the costs are very good.The only 'downside' depending on your needs was the distance out of town but there are complimentry coaches to shopping malls for the dedicated retail types.All in all an enjoyable and pleasant 2 day stay in restful and pleasant surroundings. Didn't have the opportunity to try the golf course, horse riding or the various water sports on offer - maybe next time!John Macd	
Mar 31 2008 	Best holiday ever	Read these reviews before we went and 50/50 good and bad. We only found good. Hotel very high standard including rooms service food and facilities. Great setting away from busy centre. Own beach, never crowded. Fabulous relaxing grounds to wander round. Three pools, well managed...no hassle with german towels! 7 restaurants all good. 30degC every day. Beautiful beach front, marina. No need to be golfer to get best out of hotel. Not too many brits, lots of Russians and germans...always a good sign. Children friendly, but not too many. Great luxury courtesy bus takes you everywhere for free. BMW750 back to airport. Will go back. Totally brilliant.	
Mar 25 2008 	nothing special	We stayed here as the reviews were excellent and we thought it would be nice to stay at a golf resort. However - we were disappointed at the hotel in comparison with our previous experiences of hotels in Dubai. The Jebel Ali is in need of a re-fit!! Its very 80's inside, although clean and serviceable - the 'elevator' music follows you throughout and gets on your nerves after a while. The decor is tacky and very dated. The location of the jebel ali is a bit too far out of town, although there is a free shuttle bus that is provided by the hotel. We enjoyed our stay and will return to Dubai not the Jebel Ali.	
Mar 3 2008 	A great 7 days away	Just returned yesterday from the Jebel Ali and had a great time, the hotel was very clean and the staff very friendly at all times.We had a standard room which was ok, it could do with some updating but it had everything you wanted which included tea and coffee making facilities. We had clean towels every day and nice complimentary robes &amp; slippers. They also did a lovely turn down service every night and gave you two complimentary small bottles of water which is a nice touch!We had a sea view room which overlooked the pool and the marina. It didn't ever seem to get the sun but the balcony wasn't big enough to sit out on anyway! There only seemed to be a few rooms where you could do this which seemed to be on the ground floor, although didn't check this out?The hotel provides a good bus service to the major malls i.e Mall of Emirates and the Ibn Battuta Mall as well as to the Gold &amp; Diamond Park and the Wild Wadi water park.The Malls are huge and have all the shops that you have over here (Debenhams, Next, BHS, etc) plus every other type of shop too!! The Emirates mall also had the ski slope in it, you can go into the restaurants and watch them skiing while you eat! Beware though: don't have the Ribs if you go into TGI Fridays, they were awful!. The hotel taxis are resonable as well, it cost us 150 Dirhams (about £21) for a return trip to Al Karama shops which was a good 40 min run at 7pm.The shops are good for bargins if you are prepared to haggle well!! We did find that got pestered outside every shop to look at &quot;genuine fake&quot; designer bags or watches or jeans, etc, etc, so be prepared for lots of &quot;No Thank You s!!&quot;. Some were pretty good copies, I suggest you haggle as the first price given is always well over the top.Back to the hotel, the beach was very nice, they even brushed the beach every day with a huge tractor. Never found that we couldn't get a sun bed , the beach guys were always helpful and would lay your towels on the beds, turn them towards the sun and put your umbrella up. A little tip each day goes a long way! There were also lots of beds available around the three pools which were the warmest I've ever felt! 31 degrees in the one outside the Spa!! Beautiful!The Captains bar was always nice to go for lunch or a drink as the sun went down, with very pleasant staff who always remembered your order!We only tried the main restaurant (where you go for breakfast -which by the way is also fantastic - freshly cooked eggs, pancakes and bread,etc, etc) for a buffet dinner which was really good value at 160 Dirhams per person. You could have soup, salad, main course and the most wonderful desserts! Say hi to Hari if you see him!! Wonderfully helpful staff here, they do a really great job! Always smiling whatever time of day you saw them. The main restaurant is also open throughout the night in case you get hungry from a long night's shopping!If you like a drink then it's a little pricey , but that was to be expected . It cost about 28 dilhams (about £4) for a pint of lager at the hotel. But I belive thats the norm in Dubai, they do have happy hours in most of the hotel bars so if you like a drink and you time it right then you could have a couple of hours drinking cheaper most evenings. If you like Golf then the course at the hotel is very challeging, it's pretty cheap and you can hire everything from golf shoes,clubs etc .A round of golf with a buggy and hired clubs is about £39 for 9 holes .I hope my review gives you a better view of the hotel, I would recommend this hotel to my friends for a hotel in Dubai away from the busy city centre &amp; building sites but if you want to get to the city then it's easy.If you want a good relaxing beachside hotel with everything you could need for 7 days away you can't go wrong with this place. It may not have the glitz and glamour of the Jumeirah Beach hotel but it sure makes up for it with the personal touch, you feel like a real guest and not just a room number! Also, as soon as the Metro is finished you'll be able to get around town much easier than you can at the moment, so there won't be any reason why the Jebel Ali can't be your first choice!By the way, also try the massages in the Spa, a lovely tranquil setting! I'm sure you won't be disappointed.	
Feb 27 2008 	Lovely Place	My girlfriend and I stayed in the Jebel Ali Hotel for 1 week at the beginning of February.To keep it simple we thought the place was fantastic.The staff were lovely and friendly.The restaurants were of good quality.The beach and pools were very well kept and the surroundings were very beautiful.There is construction going on nearby but can not be heard from poolside. And in noway spoils your relaxation.With regular buses to the main centre in Dubai it doesn't cost you a fortune to go sight seeing.Would definitely recommend.	
Feb 26 2008 	First half of a 2-centre Dubai/Thailand holiday	This was the first leg of a 2 centre holiday, and for this half, we were 2 families - 4 adults and 2 teenagers. This was UK October 'half term' week, so 1 family was returning to the UK the following week, whilst my partner and I went on to Thailand.It was our first trip to Dubai, and it's probably a mix of what everyone says! Yes, a huge building site, but impressive by its own standard - so many buildings, and everything so...well, big and shiny! From the airport, we got a taxi to the hotel at a cost of roughly £15, far cheaper than the equivalent journey in the UK. (We used taxi services on a number of occasions during the week, this time prebooking the minivan-type from the hotel to accommodate all 6 of us, and this worked out cheaper overall)The Jebel Ali is about a 40 minute drive from the airport, but the journey does give you a view of Dubai before you experience it for yourself, including a distant view of the famous Burj. Our flight had an early morning arrival, which meant that our room wasn't available straight away. This was what we expected, the hotel stored our luggage, and we were invited to have juice and fresh fruit in the breakfast restaurant.Our room was a standard one in the main hotel and when we were eventually checked in, I could sort of see what some people meant about the rooms benefitting from some refurbishment, but in fact, it was comfortable, had everything we needed, bathroom was fine, everything worked and the view across the golf course was very peaceful, so no complaints.So, the hotel amenities....Our first call was, of all things, the Sports bar (sports enthusiasts present, needing satellite TV!!). For a drink, and maybe a snack, fine, but the one evening meal we had here was dire, so can't recommend based on our experience. All other evening dining experiences were great, hard to choose a winner amongst the Jebel Ali's restaurants, although the Wild Orchid's Teppanyaki table was most fun! Our favourite bar was the terrace with the Bedouin-type tents and seating (I think it was the Plantation Bar, but not sure). Only open in the evening but what a great place to chill, have a drink and a chat, loved it!There are some lovely pool areas, but we preferred the garden area just by the beach. The palm trees give some pleasant shade, and the breezes are cooling, there's no problem with sunbeds, and food and drink are nearby.The service was good thoughout the resort, everyone was very helpful and courteous, as you would expect.In Dubai itself, we shopped at the Mall of the Emirates, checked out the Burj, and 'did' the Wild Wadi water park, but we actually liked the fact that we were staying outside of the hustle and bustle of the centre of Dubai, and the Jebel Ali seemed like an oasis to us.The golf at the Jebel Ali was good, reasonably priced and enjoyable, but hot, so pick your time carefully!Didn't use the SPA.From here we moved on to the Hyatt Regency, Hua Hin, Thailand and I have reviewed this separately, as this review is too long already!	
Feb 23 2008 	Had a lovely time	Just come back from Jebel Ali and it is perfect for what we wanted, which was a little February half term sunshine. We figured it was the nearest place with the nicest weather at this time of year. The hotel was lovely, clean and spacious. The beach and sea are very beautiful. The rooms were fine, ok size, clean and comfy beds. The staff all over the place are very friendly and helpful. Nothing about the hotel is drop dead amazing, but it does not cost drop dead amazing money. The only thing to advise is that do not go this hotel if you want to experience Dubai as it is too far out of town. If you want to go somewhere to sit by the pool and relax at the beach and the surroundings are not that important then this is perfect.Also, we had dinner in the restaurants around the hotel and it was about the same price as upgrading to half board.All in all I would have no heistation in going back in the future.	
Feb 21 2008 	Shabby rooms	I took my Mother to this hotel as a 50th birthday surprise. Having both travelled quite a lot our expectations of staying in this 5 star hotel in a place like Dubai - renowned for its opulence and splendour, were quite high! Unfortunately we were bought back down to earth with a bang. The room was more a 3-4 star rating, it was small, shabby and in dire need of a spruce up. We arrived at night so we both went to bed a bit let down. Morning broke and as we pulled back our thread bare curtains we were delighted to see the 5 star hotel we were expecting. The grounds are amazing and the beach is first class, ok its not the Caribbean, but it could be minus the crane on the horizon.In short, as with most reviews it is totally down to expectations and a bit of realism. This is an established well run hotel on exquisite grounds and although the rooms let it down it does not necessarily detract from the rest of the resort. The buffet breakfast was great, the staff friendly and the pool/beach/garden areas splendid. I would certainly go back to this hotel, it was far enough out of town to relax and not feel like you were on a building site, yet near enough to hop in a taxi.Horses for courses but Dubai as a holiday resort would not be for me, Its great as a stop over or a luxurious mini break to shop and catch the sun and if you have never been before it is a must for the experience.	
Feb 20 2008 	Loved it so a great place to stay	I stayed here with my wife for out 1st anniversary! And we loved every minute of it, OK BA lost left our bags in London so we had stay in out rooms for 1.5 days, but that was not the hotels fault. If anything the room we had made the stay in there more pleasurable! We had and end room so had a view of the golf course and the beach!!!! The room was clean and at the end of each day the bed was turned down and a complimentary bottle of water left by our bedsides.The hotel grounds are amazing and very well kept the hotel was fully booked but at no point did it ever feel like that....always space by the pool and room at the bar! With something like 4 pools to choose from; its own private beach there was always space to sunbath and swim! Some of the pools are salt and some fresh, and few had pool bars too.The location of this place worried me slightly when we were heading there form the airport, it took about 45mins and is way out of the centre of Dubai - but this in my opinion is a good thing.It is peaceful and tranquil out there, where as the town is busy and dirty! The hotel offers a free bus service to and from the all the main attractions in Dubai so you never feel standard! And if you do happen to miss the last bus as we did when went to Burj al Arab then a taxi only cost about £10 to get back! We had an anniversary cake and bottle of wine bought to our room on our anniversary which was very nice of the hotel, great cake too! Our favourite bar was the Captains bar on the beach front, fantastic place to drink and food was wonderful too. My only moan was the weather was too hot, I know pathetic eh, but we did book in August so that’s my fault.All I can say is this place was FANTASTIC! I will be back and next time I will be hitting the golf course....	
Jan 27 2008 	Oasis!	I loved this hotel, Everything was of an exceptionally good quality - toiletries, breakfast and furnishings, my only gripe is that the hotel shuttle bus doesn't do straight into town, only to the mall of the emirates, from there, it is an additional $20 return, if you times that by seven then it's a lot. I love the beach and you feel that it is a world away from the construction site of the marina. Service is excellent, I can't fault them at all!	
Jan 22 2008	my stay here	A total of 3 couples stayed here for 10 days, initial thoughts were good, nice grounds and all. but our flight landed alot earlier than expected and we arrived at the hotel at 07:00am. we found the reception staff were not very friendly towards us perhaps as we were a younger group ( 25-35 yrs) then there usual guests. we had to sit around until 2:00 before we got into our rooms, which is fair enough as that is the check in time but it was off-peak season and i felt they should of been more accomadating. overall the exterior grounds were fantastic, the white beach was devine and the water was like a warm bath. however the hotel was very dated, the rooms smelled dusty and the so-called 12 bars and restaurants were none existing... no entertainment accept 2 bad singers in red blazers ruining good songs ; ) there is one nice bar/restaurant at the marina.. its laid back with nice good value food but dont swim in the marina section as it stinks of deisel... the hotel was 40 mins into town and longer depending on where your going so id advise a hotel closer to town with a beach ( you have to try the water) ... overall id rate this hotel 3 star, not 5*. the only good thing about the hotel was the grounds... I dont like giving a bad review but its true!	
Jan 17 2008 	great	we stopped here for our honeymoon. we got there about 2.30am. in our room we had champagne on ice, box of chocolates, 12 red rose's, dressing gown, slippers. room was lovely over looking the sea, service was very good, food was very good staff were great always said hello or good morning. it was my birthday ,day before we were goming home, we told one of the waiters who we got friendly with that we would'nt see him the next day because it was my birthday &amp; we are going on a day trip &amp; we were having our dinner on the day trip. when we got back to our room there was a birthday cake with a candle on it &amp; a birthday card. thought that were fab! would go back again.	
Jan 9 2008 	Great People	Jebel Ali Golf and Beach Resort DubaiOur first time to Dubai,what a fantastic country I had my mouth open all the way to our hotel.I could not take my eye's of the lovely buildings and done in with such great standards how fantastic and powerful they look.Jebel Ali hotel is very dated and needs a complete refurbish,the rooms are very dated and small the bathrooms need tearing out and starting form scratch,the balcony's are of no use what so ever you could not sit out and take in the view even if you wanted to, they are so small with a very high wall all the way around.The beds are like sleeping on the floor so very hard.Most every resturants in the hotel did not exite my husband and I at all,and the breakfast was always cold with far to many people waiting to be seated,but if you got to the resturant 3min past the sloted time to be seated you were turned away as my husband and I were.But the day before we had to wait 15min for a table sat outside like children with a number.The only good meal we had was at the Captains Table in the evening and the sevice was fantastic but we could not see what we were eating and had to have a torch to share to be able to read the menue.I must say I found the staff 1st class what great people they treated us like family .Would we go back,for the beach yes for the comfort and food NO!!	
Jan 9 2008	Fantastic!	The hotel was so beautiful and our stay couldn't be better! The staff where so friendly and coudln't be more helpful. We went during Ramadam and it was no hassle at all everything carried on like normal at hotel!Other reviews say its too far away from shooping malls etc but any closer and you could hear all the building work! Wasnt to far anyway around 20mins from main city centre and courtesy shuttle bus brilliant although taxi's are very cheap anyway. Would definately recommend A************!!!!	
Jan 2 2008 	Excellent Choice	What an excellent choice to stay at the Jebel Ali ! Some said it would be too far out of town and we would need to get a taxi to main town - yes this is true, but unlike the hotels on the main jemeira strip we did not endure the views or noise of all the building works. Instead we were able to enjoy the happening side of Dubai , ie shops and nightlife ( do not miss the Madinat Jumeira for shop and dine ) - returning to our hotel which felt like you were on a paradise island , totally relaxing and tranquil - a two centre holiday for the price of one !Also not to be missed - the Jumana Secret of the Desert Show, a wonderful evening of delicious Persian food and Arabian entertainment.	
Dec 30 2007 	A break from Dubai	We went to the Jebel Ali Hotel for a break from the rigors of Dubai over the Christmas break.The hotel is good, if starting to show its age a bit and a knowledge of Russian would be useful as a large percentage of the guests are from there and publicity material is written in Russian and English.We stayed in the Palm Court wing (there are basically two hotel in one with the Palm Court being chalet type accomodation and more &quot;upmarket&quot;). The room was excellent, well equipped, clean and well serviced.The big problem was food - room service and restuarant breakfast food was cold. The temperature of food at point of delivery does not seem to figure high with management.The conclusion? Worth a stay but a good refurbishment would be a good idea.	
Dec 27 2007	Staff of Jebel Ali Hotel Were Very Friendly!	At 8.45am, the friendly chauffeur took me to Jebel Ali Hotel from the airport. The friendly hotel receptionist offered me to use my hotel room (Golf View) at 11am, instead of 2pm - at no extra charge! That room was nice and comfortable. After that, I was very tired, and needed some rest! Later on, I went down to the hotel’s swimming area, garden and beach in the dark evening with plenty of lights. They were awesome! I had the evening meal at Captain’s Bar (outdoors restaurant at the beach). It was a lovely evening - so relaxing! Plenty of palm trees around! I nearly fell asleep there, because of my overnight flight the night before! Went to bed early to catch up with sleep!The next day, I had a nice outdoor breakfast on the balcony at my hotel’s restaurant! So relaxed and pleasant! The waiters and waitresses were so friendly and helpful! They were very patience with my deafness!The hotel staff are really lovely! I feel sure you will feel they will treat you like a queen, or a king! Yes, Jebel Ali Hotel do have their own Internet Corner, so it is great to keep in touch!!	
Dec 19 2007	loved dubai	We were only there for 3 days, could not fault the hotel and amenities, the grounds are beautiful, the staff were so friendly and helpful, wonderful as a retreat-chill out but too far out to sight -see in such a short time. there is a courtesy bus at certain times of the day from the hotel but it only went as far as the Emirates Mall. Taxi's are a fair price but to use them alot it will cost. We would go again but for at least 2 weeks.	
Dec 17 2007 	Couldn't Fault It!	If you are looking for a relaxing beach holiday with excellent service and good food, then this is the place. It's away from the busy city, which depending on traffic can take as little as 30 mins to get to by taxi, costing about 70 dhm (under £10). The hotel also runs a regular shuttle service into the city and its various shopping malls.The hotel has thought of everything to ensure you have an enjoyable stay and the staff couldn't be more friendly or helpful.As for the hotel restaurants they were all good - in particular the Arabic BBQ, which is laid on every Thursday evening is great! Food and drinks are very similar to UK prices. A bottle of house wine (usually Hardy's) is about £20 and you can expect to pay about £10 per head for lunch (including a beer!) and dinner worked out at about £60 for the two of us including alcohol.One piece of advice would be to avoid the hotel taxis - they are a rip off and they all seem to drive like maniacs! We shared a car with another couple from the airport to the hotel (organised by a hotel representative at the airport) and paid 300 Dhs between us. The same journey using a dubai taxi we booked ourselves and at night rates cost only 97 Dhs!	
Dec 11 2007 	Jebel Ali Palm Tree Court "Great"	My sister and myself have just returned from a eight holiday staying in the Jebel Ali Palm Tree Court &amp; Spa. Having stayed before at the Palm Tree Court in 2005. If you are looking for a hotel which removes you from the hustle and bustle then this is the place in my opinion. Although we did paid quite a bit to stay it was worth it. It will normally take at least 45 minutes from the airport to the hotel, private transport was arranged through our travel agent. When we arrived early in the morning the room was being attended to by the staff. We were greeted by warm and friendly people, and a complementry drink. We only had to wait approx one hour before we could enter the room, which was not a problem. We had opted for a junior suit with a sea facing view. The room was incredible spacious with internet connection etc, and a great view. Although we opted for a sea facing view we really could not see the sea, but that did not put us off. We were then treated to a bottle of red wine, chocolates and a platter of fruit. Everyday we received complemtary water and fruit. We were only on a B &amp; B basis so we never really went down to the restaurants were tended to eat outside. To explore Dubai, the hotel run a courtesy bus (drop and pick up) leaving from the main Jebel Ali Hotel Car Park 2, going to the following destinations at various times:- Ibn Battuta Mall, Mall of Emirates, Gold &amp; Diamond Park, Wild Wadi. The whole team at the Palm Tree Court were great they could not do enough for us. Even when we were checking out the bill was presented to us the day before so we could clear the account. Would I return to the hotel &quot;yes I would&quot;, if the price was right. Thanks for a great holiday :) The only down side was we were delayed at the airport due to the fog. We were meant to depart at 9.50 and finally left at 12.45. I have always flown with this particular airline, when travelling to Duabi as they were classed as one of the best. But I found there lack of communication as regards to the delay very poor. We were told on neuromous occasions to go to different gates but fobbed of. In total we were made to sit in the plane for 2 hours waiting for clearance, and to cap of the whole thing when we received our meal on the plane it was &quot;frozen&quot;. Would I fly them again, maybe but we will be trying Virgin Atlantic next year.	
Dec 3 2007 	Dated and too far out of town!	We stayed here last month, and although I researched the hotel well, and knew it was out of town, I think it was probably too far out of town, and construction work near the beaches in Dubai is not as bad as I expected, so staying in town is something we would do next time.As for the hotel, it is very dated and a huge block of concrete, like something you would expect to find in commercial parts of Spain!There is nothing special about the hotel at all and although it is cheaper than the more exclusive resorts not enough to make it worth your while, but the difference in price is noticeable when you see what you get for your moneyThe food is average at best, the buffet is okay but not great. My wife didn't even want to eat breakfast on the 7th floor buffet as it was awful quality, and the place was stuffy and smelt bad!Signatures restaurant is okay, but White Orchid is the only decent restaurant at the resort. The food is well prepared, fresh and a must visit if you like Thai or Sushi! It is also a very nice place to chill out with cushions and sofas outside.The Beaches and Pool area we can't fault, life guards are everywhere and you do feel safe. Cabs to and from Dubai, the mall and so on are well priced but 100 dhs one way, you will want to go to Wild Wadi the water park, and the Emirates Mall!Also despite it being a 'spa' resort or retreat on the beach, be warned don't try and eat at any restaurant with flip flops on even if you have smart trousers on with them, they won't let you in!I hope this is to do with local etiquette rather than the hotel trying to look 'smart'. They need to worry about other things before footwear. We have been lucky enough to visit some lovely places in Maldives, St Lucia etc and they actively discourage you from wearing shoes! My advice, don't stay here, nothing terribly wrong with it, just nothing right with it either!	
Dec 2 2007 	excellent hotel	A fantastic place to stay, 5 stars all the way.Possibly the best quality food I have ever eaten anywhere, the staff were some of the best we have ever come across.The pool is a bit small for such a large location but very child friendly and the beach is only a few meters away anyway. Views are not spectacular, but if you want to see the the latest palm island being built, then this is the place for you, thats all you can see.Dont want to critisise it any more than that because it is a stunning hotel, peacocks evrywhere	
Nov 21 2007	Really great hotel	Just back from our first trip to Dubai and can't wait to go back. The hotel is about 45 mins from the city but we were very glad we stayed there away from the building works!! There is a shuttle bus which goes to the main malls 4 times a day and you can hop on a taxi from there if you want to go further afield. The hotel is peaceful, beautiful surroundings, very clean, lovely rooms, really friendly staff who can't do enough for you. The golf was great, you can go deep sea fishing and there is also a seaplane for trips over the palm island along the coast. The hotel may not be as ultra modern as those in the city but still well worth a visit.	
Nov 4 2007	Good Stop over ...Away from the construction work	Great stay at this place on the way to Sydney. No real complaints other than the hotel is a bit dated in Dubai terms. What it lacks in Dubai 'bling' it makes up in peace and quiet.Not a place to stay if you are looking for lots on hustle and bustle, shops, clubs etc. Great for kids for a few days. good get a bit too much of the same for any more than a few days though. Good beach and would recommend the sailing club if you have kids and want to eat for a reasonable price and not get dressed up!	
Oct 23 2007 	Fantastic	We stayed at the Jebel Ali for a two night stop over on the way back from Mauritius to the UK. We only went for a couple of nights to see what Dubai was like and whether it would be worth going back for a proper holiday....which we most definitely would.We arrived at 7am and although our travel agent told us she had arranged an early check in, we did not get into our room until 1pm and after 30 hours of no sleep we had to go straight to bed and that wasted our first day in Dubai. However, we did get upgraded to a 5th floor suite which was absolutely fantastic with the best views I have ever seen. Being on the 5th floor also meant we had special priviledges such as free internet, free evening drinks between 7-8pm and free afternoon tea and cakes. The staff were very eager to please and very friendly.We didn't get time to use any of the hotel facilites (apart from the lovely warm pool) as we spent our only full day there exploring the main Dubai city but the hotel had everything anyone would need.We booked this hotel as our agent told us it was next to the Palm Island but it was next to the new Palm Island and not the main one so we had to get the shuttle (which was free by the hotel) into the main city. However, the hotel did house the only SeaPlane (at the moment) and for £100 each we flew over the city to see all the main attractions such as Palm Island and The World etc. This was definitely worth it.For people like us who do not usually go to such posh places, there is a dress code for the evenings and each restaurant had different allowances so make sure you pack formal clothes.For the small amount of time we were there, we were very impressed with the Jebel Ali Hotel and Dubai and are planning a proper holiday for next year.	
Oct 22 2007 	A marvelous holiday in Dubai!	Just returned from a marvelous holiday in Dubai. It was our first visit to the UAE and were most certainly not disappointed! I can now see how people return year after year.From the minute we entered the Jebel Ali hotel we couldn't hae felt more pampered. The staff are so tentative and are on hand to answer to your every whim. On arrival into our room we had flowers, champagne and chocolates awaiting. The room was average size, spotlessly clain and the beds were extremely comfortable. Breakfast selection was plentiful and I would thoroughly recommend Shooters restaurant for a super steak, although remember to book well in advance during busy times. The hotel has various restaurants, most of which we sampled and were not disappointed.The hotel runs a coach service to various local attractions, i.e. gold souk, mall of the emirates which is a great way to access these areas.The private beach was beautiful and sun loungers plentiful. We spent most time at the beach due to the pleasant sea breezes.All in all we loved the country and the hotel and endeavour to return again next year-wish I was back walking along the golden sand now!	
Oct 20 2007 	Pass me slippers son	Before I start, don't get me wrong, we really did enjoy our stay here. We wanted a week in the sun to recharge our batteries in the peace and quiet, and we got it.But.When we arrived I couldn't help feeling slightly disappointed. The place seemed a little tired and the room was small and a touch shabby round the edges. As we wandered around, suddenly it clicked. This place is The Jumeirah Beach Hotel's dad, together with pipe and slippers. If you look at the building it is a clunky, lego-style version of the famous breaking wave design of The JBH and the layout is almost the same in terms of the sports facilities and the pools. There is nothing wrong with providing the template for one of Dubai's finest hotels, but at Jebel Ali they seem stuck in a time warp. This is played out 24/7 as one channel on the old wind-up telly is dedicated to showing a golf tournament that took place some ten years ago, no doubt when the place was cutting edge and really earned it's five stars and 'Leading Hotels Of The World' membership.On the up side, the beach is terrific, albeit marred by the typical Dubai vista of cranes and building sites, and the staff really do try hard to please, always smiling and saying hello. The food is OK, but could do with dragging out of the last decade, we ended up taking taxis (with a 50% mark up when you ask the hotel to book one for you - a monopoly they hold as you are in the middle of nowhere) back to Jumeirah for dinner in the evenings.As I said, we did enjoy our stay, it was mission accomplished in terms of relaxation, and the Jebel Ali is alot cheaper than it's younger, trendier rivals up the coast, but once you taste Champagne, it is hard to go back to Blue Nun. If you want peace and quiet, you don't mind being away from the action and aren't too fussed about having a wide choice of fine dining, the Jebel Ali will serve you well.Just don't expect to see Tiger Woods around any time soon.	
Oct 18 2007 	Superb	Stayed at the Jebel Ali hotel for 5 days In July and I was spoilt.Have never been to a hotel where they look after you so well. Rooms were kept very clean and tidy and although I have read some reviews about bathrooms being small, I disagree. They werent huge, but why would you need a massive bathroom just to wash and shower in... Its not like you sleep in there. The hotel rooms themselves are 32sqm and have all you could need.A Number of pools and large grass area by the beach with shade from the trees so you dont have to lie directly under the sun and staff will move your sun lounger to wherever you want and supply you with sun brolly, water, cold towels and water. (and even clean your sunnies!!)I could not fault the staff the hotel or anything about the Jebel Aliand we have already booked to go back on the 1st november. Thanks forgreat holiday Jebel Ali and see you in 2 weeks.	
Oct 18 2007 	Holiday Heavan	Just returned from a seven night stay at the Jebel Ali Golf Resort and Spa and can only descibe it as 1st class! The staff are so friendly and helpfull, nothing was too much trouble Cold face towels, transport in golf buggies if you wanted, beds turned down at night and free bottles of water. The resort has everything you need and although we visited at the end of Ramadan, its not difficult to adjust to the way they serve food and alcohol until dusk. If you can't be satisfied with this place then you set impossible standards.Some people could be put off with all the building work going on from the hotel to the resort (which you don't hear), but if you look beyond that it truly is full of eastern promise.Can't wait to go back.	
Oct 16 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	I loved every minute of my stay in the Jebel Ali Golf Resort. We were treated like royalty &amp; our every need was anticipated &amp; catered for. It is approx. 30 mins from Dubai Centre but there are regular courtesy buses to cater for that. The breakfast which was included was delicious and the staff could not be more helpful. There are plenty of activities apart from golf, such as waterskiing, seaplane trips, horse/camel riding, sailing....... or my favourite option lying on the beach or by the pool. The rooms are spacious &amp; clean. There are plenty of restaurants to choose from &amp; one in particular has a theme night everynight, so there is always a huge variety of food on offer. There is even a resident nurse who unfortunately had to be called during our stay. We were there during Ramadan but this did not disrupt our holiday in any way. Food was always available in the hotel &amp; alcohol was served after 6.30pm. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel &amp; I have already started planning my return journey.	
Oct 15 2007 	Good Spa/Golf in the middle of nowhere	Stayed at Jevel Ali for 2 nights after 5 days in Hong Kong.Hotel is expensive to eat/drink and around 40 mins drive away from Dubia centre.Rooms are clean and tidy and fairly small. Had booked a golf room, but saw more of the car park than the course.Be prepared to spend a few pounds if you like a tipple. We decided that we would settle the bill the day before and were quite shocked by the amount. We felt that prices should be lower as it was so far away from everthing.Hotel is clean and tidy. View is good but will be spoilt by yet another man made island.Husband was impressed by the Golf and was later informed that Tiger Woods had played there as well.Best contacting Hotel by email and pre booking golf before you go. Cost around £67.00 for Golf Buggy/Clubs and 18 holes etc.Golf Shop has a nice selection of tops and golf accessories at moderate cost.Sports bar staff really friendly and good food at low price, unfortunately found out on last night.Make sure that you book restaurants in the morning for the evening time and make sure you follow the dress code.	
Oct 11 2007 	Wonderful place to stay	My boyfriend &amp; I have just returned from a truly, lovely 10 day stay at the Jebel Ali. All the staff are so friendly &amp; helpful. We stayed in the golf view rooms &amp; for us they were big enough &amp; had all the amenities we needed. Loved the bathrobes, slippers &amp; plenty of fresh towels. Also the nightly turn down service with bottles of water was a nice touch.Breakfast was superb, although the hot dishes were repeated, there was enough choice to sample something different every day. The pool areas were very nice &amp; surprisingly quiet while we were there, however spent most of our time on the beach as it was so beautiful. Plenty of sunbeds, even the Germans didn't have to 'reserve'! Beach attendents really good, laying out your towels &amp; putting up your sun umbrellas. Lovely &amp; quiet, (well we were lucky, hardly any 'little adults' during our stay), and the sea is so warm &amp; clear. The building work out at sea didn't bother us, although it will be a shame if, when it is finished, it spoils the view from the beach. The food in the restaurants during lunchtime &amp; evening were good, we did'nt have one bad meal &amp; my boyfriend is a fussy eater. We did use room service on a number of occasions, lazy I know, but it was very good. We stayed during Ramadan, so they didn't serve alcohol until 7pm, but didn't bother us. My Boyfriend played golf virtually every day &amp; loved it. I used the Spa &amp; had a lovely 3 hours being pampered.Overall we thought the hotel was worth every penny, a nice 5* with the extra touches &amp; good service. Noticed in previous reviews that a few people pointed out that some of the areas needed abit of TLC, but we thought everywhere was clean &amp; tidy, nothing more than your house needing abit of touch up decorating after about 3 years, not anything that would spoil our holiday.	
Sep 24 2007 	This place is paradise	Stayed here at the beginning of September as the first part of my honeymoon and I have to say the best part of my honeymoon. This place is excellent from the friendly helpful staff to the excellent facilities that are found in this place. We stayed in a sea view room and although the room wasnt as good as I expected it was still very clean and had an excelllent view of the pool and sea.As it was our honeymoon, we had champagne, roses and strawberries waiting for us in the room!The breakfast is quality and there is so much choice available. The view from the restaurant is fantastic! The 3 pools that are found in this resort are excellent, especially the pool by the Palm section of the hotel...I loved the pool bars...nice and relaxing to have a swim then go for a drink! The beach is very nice and its like having a warm bath as you swim in the sea. The grounds are also really nice and romantic with mini water falls and streams running through the place. We ate at a few of the restaurants and I would definately recommend &quot;White Orchards&quot; for a nice chinese, although stay away from the restaurant below it (buffet style and not worth the money). Also ate outside by the beach....the food is stunning but it was so so hot even in the night!I would definately recommend a trip into the desert on a jeep safari! This is amazing! And also a river cruise with a 7 course meal! Its out of this world. Just ask at the desk as its cheaper to do than book via the rep!I would go back tomorrow if given the chance! Enjoy!!	
Sep 11 2007 	Jebel Ali Resort 	We have just returned from a week away in Dubai, staying at the Jebel Ali Golf Resort &amp; Spa. Having booked this holiday through an online agency for the first and reading a few different reviews about hotels in Dubai I was convinced something would go wrong, I really needn't have worried. We arrived in Dubai at about 7.30am and didn't expect to be able to check in early at the hotel, however this was not the case and we were sitting in total comfort in our room in no time. The staff at this hotel are amazingly friendly, smiles and cheery hellos everyday and nothing is ever a problem. We requested a change of room because we could hear the renovation work going on in the cafe underneath us, and even though we had previously heard that the hotel was booked up, the resort relations staff found us another room and had us moved promptly.I would definitely recommend booking in for some treatment at the spa, I don't think I have ever been so relaxed, in fact I missed half the massage and facial because I fell asleep in the middle of it! We also went across to the shooting range and tried out clay shooting and also pistol shooting. I am absolutely NOT an advocate for guns, and this was the first time I had ever held a gun and felt we were in very safe and professional hands.Everyday there were activities you could join in, beach volleyball, aquagym, camel rides, henna painting, jogging on the beach, and much more.The only negative I can think of for this hotel is its distance from the centre of Dubai. There is a hotel shuttle which goes as far as the Mall of Emirates shopping centre, which is about half way to Dubai. We found ourselves taking the shuttle to the mall and then taking a taxi if we wanted to head into Dubai, which was not expensive.If you want a relaxing holiday where you can completely blob out, and if necessary never leave your hotel then I happily recommend Jebel Ali!	
Sep 10 2007 	fantastic hotel best ive stayed in	just home from honeymoon having spent a week in seychelles first(would advise against it) then second week in this fantastic hotel.from the moment we arrived we received a very warm welcome from the staff, our room overlooked the pool and sea and there was a bottle of champagne, strawberries, a dozen red roses and chocolates waiting for us.the rooms are very well sized and they are cleaned twice a day with a fabulous turn down service in the evening.although one of the restaurants is closed for refurbishment this did not affect our stay in the slightest, ther are approx 8-9 others to choose from my favourite was la traviata located on the lower ground floor.most of our days were spent on the beach or by the pool and again the attendants are just fantastic, as soon as they see you approach they organise a sun lounger, towels and umberellas for you and within minutes a waiter from the bar is down to you taking your drinks order.there are many pools to choose from inc a fresh water pool which is heavenly.if your into activities there are many taking place throughout the day from water volleyball to a leisurely jog in the evenings.i visitied the spa and hair salon and again it was just fantastic.most of our evenings after dinner were spent in the plantation bar and again the staff are just so friendly and the cocktail list is quite impressive!there are shops located in the lobby also, beautiful jewellery and gift shops.in conclusion, this week was the best i have ever spent abroad.the hotel is just amazing and this is enhanced by the level of friendliness and helpfulness of every menber of staff.will definitely be returning to this hotel hopefully for this christmas!they also offer a courtesy coach which goes 4 times a day to the mall of the emirates and the ibn battuta mall which are a shoppers dream!definitely 10/10 for this hotel best ever!	
Sep 9 2007 	I love jebel ali!! i love dubai!!!	my husband and I along with our 3 yr old daughter stayed here for 7 nights from june 9th till june 16 it wasnt long enough, but it was hot enough 40 on average but everything is air conditioned in dubai! to be fair this was my first ever international experience but we were gobsmacked at everything the place has to offer: 3 pools including a kiddy pool, private beach, transfers to the shopping centers and a massive buffet breakfast, it was our anniversary so we got champers, flowers and chocolates when we arrived, staff are very helpful, our room was cleaned everyday (still feel guilty for having someone pick up after me) they booked our tours for us, must do 4wd safari and go to burj al arab for afternoon tea, its very child friendly and has a kids club, which we didnt use I would have happily left our toddler in a strangers care, seemed good to me however my husband wasn't interested grrrr. You could happily stay at the resort and not go anywhere else and next year we will do just that for 2 weeks, hubby got his rocks of at the resorts gun club, we had the best steak at the Italian restaurant , the resorts prices are same prices as here in Australia but we went to the &quot;hypermarket&quot; at the mall of emirates and bought bottled water,fruit and snacks sooo very cheap and good quality. we booked thru a website called hotel rental group and organised transfers to the hotel, i wasn't allowed to push my own suitcase loved that, i wanted to take em home with me to help with the house work they all seem so happy to clean up after you. some tips:: we wasted a day going to karama markets, when all the &quot;designer stuff&quot; is also at the gold market, they do hassle you and being blond they starred alot, actually all the locals starred alot although my hubby does look arab with a few days stubble !! go to the snow park just to see it . and go with hardly anything as everything is in Dubai and its cheaper we were on our way to Malta for 2 months so we packed heavy, still kicking myself, and get a book called the entertainer you can pay via email with your credit card or you can buy it from the bookstores in Dubai they don't ship internationally, they delivered it to our hotel for us and left it with the concierge it saved us heaps cheap 4wd safiri's meal deals theme park entry's.. and that gets me to the water park wild wadi... i prefer wet n wild here is queensland personally . it was just far to hot for a our little one to be outside with so many people it gets so busy and we went off peak season... ive probably left somethings out if your like me and have to know everthing before you go, i did alot of research on duabi 6 months worth yes i know crazy,i can even give you directions give me an email id be happy to share advice tips whatever.. i have no life it will make me feel important lol:) all in all if you thinking of staying at the jebel ali its great couples, singles, families all good if you have the money upgrade to a bigger suite and be nice to the staff it makes them happy! one last thing check in is at 2pm, they will look after your bags and let you use the resort, you can kick and scream as much as you like it wont do you any good, leave your swimming stuff ontop in a bag in 1 suitcase and you can relax by the pool. next time we will book an extra day just so the room is ready when we get there at 6am!! especially with kids... sorry for all the writting ill upload some photos soonmichelle	
Sep 8 2007 	fantastic	stayed here for 3 nights at the start of our honeymoon, and loved it staff really friendly and helpful and place and facilities suburb what we saw didnt see all facilities as not enough time.we had food from room service and captains bar and the white orchid they were all good but the white orchid was excellent, breakfast had a good choice and food all nice.the room was nice bed comfortable and air con worked well bathroom a little dated but good shower and nice good quality toiletries we came back to our room to find a dozen red roses chocs champers and strawberrys really nice touch.loved dubai loved this hotel will definatly be back location perfect it nice to be away from hustle and bustle of city beach is lovely and taxis cheap and there is the free shuttle bus.	
Sep 6 2007 	Top marks to the Manager - Lakman	Just returned from the Jebel Ali after spending 4 nights at the hotel. To be honest, this was just enough for me... the hotel was a little quiet and with the dining room closed, I found the lobby area quite stark compared to the other hotels I have stayed at in Dubai.Breakfasts were good ... the food in the other restaurants were ok.... (had better/had worse). Would probably not stay here again as I did find it a little out of the way - although it was nice not to have all the building noise surrounding you. Watch the taxi fares - especially the private hire taxis - they doubled our fares for most of the holiday before we realised exactly what they were doing. The taxis with a meter are more reasonable and accurate. Top marks to Lakman - the Manager of the Pool and outside areas - what a smart guy! Friendly, professional, attentive and more than capable of running one of the more glitzy hotels around....... Well done Lakman	
Aug 30 2007 	Amazing!	Myself &amp; my partner stayed 9nights here from 19-28Aug and we absolutely hated leaving it - our stay was so enjoyable and relaxing and will most definetely return to this hotel next summer. We arrived at 1am and immediately our bags were taken care of by Jack, 1 of the lovely friendly porters. We were checked in my Evans at reception who tried his best to give us an upgrade but unfortunately they were fully booked out. One thing to note is that the hotel asks for a pre-auth of 500dhs per day of your stay so just be aware of that. We first thought it was a little much but after a few days we realised why - you will lose count of the amount of things you sign to the room! We had booked a sea-view room - it was lovely and clean and a good size. Bathroom was restocked twice a day with lovely Elemis goodies. The beach is so clean &amp; practically empty all the time, there is a large grass area with palm trees and the pool/beach attendants run to you to help you lay out your towel and get you a sun umbrella. There was always a waiter going around from the captain's bar to bring drinks to you as you sunbathed. We took the shuttle bus at 7.45 most nights - this is a good idea even if you don't want to go shopping that night - for eg when we were going to the Hard Rock Cafe we took the bus to the IBN Battutta mall and got a taxi from there for around 4euro. Another note - make sure you book your places on the bus as it does get quite crowded. one evening when we had our places booked we went out to the bus and were told the bus was full! I went to the reception who told me they had no record of me booking the seats even though I had 2 hrs beforehand! anyhow they organised a free taxi for us in the end so it was fine but just maybe take the name of the person who you reserve the seats through just incase. The hotel have a desk for AA desert safari in their lobby but just be aware that this safari is 260dhs per person where other groups are going it for 140dhs, we took the cheaper option and it was brilliant, really enjoyed it! On the same note, hotel taxis are almost twice as expensive as the national taxi. They will call the local taxi for you but the reception will try and talk you into getting a hotel taxi as you don't have to wait however we were nearly always lucky to just grab a local taxi on the hotel steps as it was dropping off other hotel residents so I'd say if you are not in a major hurry hang around the lobby for a few mins and a local taxi should be dropping off passengers every 10-15mins. Food was very good in the hotel - this goes from breakfast to the captain's bar on the beach. The swimup bars were fab - what I'd give to be there now sipping a &quot;Fun on the Beach&quot;!To conclude, if you leave this hotel giving it less then 5* then you must be very hard to please. Yes the hotel could do with a bit of a facelift but the staff and everything else totally make you forget about this. We will definetely be returning to this hotel on your next holiday to Dubai.	
Aug 26 2007 	Absolutely Fabulous!!!!!!!	My husband and myself stayed for ten nights at the beginning of August and I cannot praise this resort enough. If you stay at this resort and come away disappointed you must be very hard to please. The staff fall over themselves to assist you in any way thay can.The hotel was full at the time but the head waiter in the Mushref restaurant knew our name after our first visit and greeted us personally each visit after that. The food was amazing with several restaurants to choose from.Everywhere on the resort is immaculately kept. Courtesy buses are available throughout the day and evening to transport you to the city of Dubai,and always on time. The spa is well worth a visit too ladies! All in all a fabulous holiday and we will certainly visit again.	
Aug 25 2007 	Very Impressed..... I WILL BE BACK!!!	I arrived at the hotel on the 14th Aug 07 with my boyfriend we were greeted with a smile as soon as we walked in to reception our luggage was taken to our well presented and spacious room. The Location was perfect right on the beach and the town was accesible via the courtesy shuttle buses provided by the hotel. Concidering the amount of rooms there are in the hotel and the Palm Court the resort was not crowded and wherever you decided to sunbathe and relax there were always plenty of sunloungers. There were three pools and one childrens pool. There is a large grass area shaded by lovely palm trees. The sea was lovely and warm and the beach was empty. If you were sunbathing there would always be a waiter on hand to get drinks for you which gave it that extra touch. If you got too hot you could get in to the pool and swim up to one of the bars.The food at the hotel was lovely and i would definately recommend eating at the new Signatures Restuarant that has recently opened the food was 5*!!! All restuarants within the resort were lovely especially the buffet breakfast.I recommend visiting the Burj al Arab for afternoon tea (approx £30 each) and The Battaux Dubai Cruise (delicious food). The shopping malls were very big and a good selection of shops and resturants.If you are going to vist the water park i would suggest get there early as it it gets busy in the afternoon, it was worth going.The weather was extremly hot and was humid at night however everywhere in dubai is air conditioned!(It was not necesary to tip) Make sure you vist the Spa in the resort very relaxing.No complaints great holiday will be going back to same place and be recommending it to friends and family.....	
Aug 25 2007 	Being there feels like home	Unfortunately we are at home now.But we - my husband my daughter and I - spent a magnificent week at the Jebel Ali Palm Tree Court. We cannot say any bad thing, they treated us as the best guests. The temperature was high ( 46-48 C.), and the sea was 35-38 C, but we were able to forget these, because of the place and hospitality.If somebody seek for an elegant accomodation with reasonalby priced good food, and wondeful lush garden with good beach and excellent staff we can recommend this hotel. And it was really silent! We do not prefer the loud places at eveningtime we prefer good dinner, a little music and sleeping in the silent room.We must tell that Jayanta and Nancy at the reception were very kind and helpful, thanks for the memoraly stay!Next summer we go back.	
Aug 24 2007 	worn out	went to jebel ali june 2007, the interior of this place is old and worn out. needs a major refurb pronto!too far from city. infact to far from anything....On the plus side the beach is goodthe staff will look after you, but saying that all 5star hotels have great staff.	
Aug 24 2007 	Fabulous Hotel!	My husband and I stayed here for 5 nights for our 1st year annivesary. I would recommend it to anyone. The resort was amazing with beautifully clean pools and beach, it was fully booked when we stayed but it never felt like that at all, there was always space around the pool and at the bars/restaurants. The choice of places to eat was excellent and I would highly recommend the captains bar. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and go out of their way for you. The rooms were lovely and well equipped and very clean, being cleaned/tidied up to 3 times a day. The hotel offer a free shuttle bus service to pretty much anywhere you would want to go too which is great. We will definitely go back that's for sure! couldn't fault the resort at all!	
Aug 14 2007 	from one who likes the best	I submitted a review but it doesnt seem to have got through. I stayed at the palms section of the Jebel ali resort recently for 3 nights. I booked a standard seaview room in the Jebel Ali but luckily was upgraded to the palms section of the resort.I stayed with my 2 year old in the resort while my partner went on business eachday. We are very critical guests and owners of restaurants and B&amp;Bs ssssoooooooooooooif you are an experienced 5 star international hotel goer you will be disappointed with the jebel ali. I went to check out the rooms and although clean they were small and dated...the carpets in the hallways were stained and tired and all of the decor in the restaurants were dated and stale (although I didnt try the food)However just a small walk away is the palms section of the resort which was much more beautiful...we had a grande big room overlooking the ocean with a gorgious bathroom and a massive big comfie bed. The bathroom was fantastic and impressive but the decor is old and strange colour choices. The service was excellent and the room cleaned a few times a day.The restaurants in the palms were far superior to those in jebelali...the service was really great and the decor was lovely. The food in the main buffet restaurant was superb all the time. didnt try the asian orchid one as I own a thai restaurant and didnt want to be comparitive.The pool at the palms was lovely and perfect for my toddler...swim up bar great and the beach gorgious...early in the am not a soul there and not too hot to swimI used the gym which was great as well as the kids club which was lovelythe sports cafe was a great laidback snacky place on the marina with good servicethe pick up taxi at the airport is totally worthit being met by a driver with towlettes and cold water...a welcome sight after a flight and 50 degree heat.The heat was totally bearable and I enjoyed itthe courtesy buses to shopping centers were great and punctual and the both shopping centers are well worth the visit.at nightat the emirates shopping center there is a great lebanese restaurant overlooking the ski slope with a huge glass window facing it...hard to find but well worth it...somewhere behind the foodcourtthe only complaint that I really have about the hotel is the golf buggys that wizz you around...they usually take at least half an hour to come so dont wait outside for themalso the service although really lovely is not 5 star and again compared to good 5 star hotelsit is more of a 4 starI would definately go back to jebel ali as its a great location and perfect for kidsfeel free to contact me	
Aug 10 2007 	Outstanding Hotel	First time in Dubai so we weren't sure what to expect but we really shouldn't have worried at all. Arriving into Dubai airport at just before 1am was a bit of an experience and if you haven't been before definitely look for the Marhaba reps who will help you through the whole process for a reasonable price as it is very easy to get lost. We arranged a luxury transfer to and from the hotel through Arabian Adventures and it was worth every penny. Water, cold towels and complementary chocolates are just what you need after a long flight and apparently some of our fellow guests weren't too happy about going round the houses on a bus when going to and from the resort so I would highly recommend paying a bit extra for proper comfort.The Jebel Ali itself is an oasis in the middle of the desert but I don't know how long the emptiness will last given all the advertisements and building work going on en route but that can only be a good thing. Once in the grounds of the resort you're surrounded by peacocks, palm trees and lush greenery. Everything you wouldn't expect in the desert! The hotel is ever so slightly dated but very luxurious and we found our standard room to be perfect for us. The room was very well air conditioned and immaculately clean and the evening turn down service where they leave you slippers and water was a great touch.The staff at the hotel are truly fantastic and cannot do enough for you, the restaurants are great and quite reasonably priced but if you like wine then £20 per bottle is the cheapest you will find. The white orchid is an absolute must though as the food was really amazing. All the restaurants allow children except Signatures so that is a big plus point too. One thing you might notice is that some of the guests are undeservedly less than polite to the staff which got me and my fiancee quite annoyed but hey there is no pleasing some people.The temperature was never below 40 degrees during the day but we found it to be ok and not as unbearable as you might think, our 5 year old son didn't really bother once and I think we saw a cloud once in two weeks :o). The beaches and swimming pools are wonderful and the surrounding gardens are pristinely kept so if you intend on lazing around all day then you wont be disappointed at all. You can see the building work going on at the Palm Jebel Ali from the beach but it doesn't cause any disruption at all and it isn't an eyesore.Overall, we had a really fantastic holiday and will definitely go back to the Jebel Ali in the future. Highly recommended.	
Jul 30 2007 	Amazing!!!!!!!	This place is truly amazing! I stayed at the Jebel Ali for 7 nights with my partner in April and after reading some of the reviews before we left we were a bit nervous but had no reason to be. I cant think of anything to fault this place. The staff were some of the friendliest people i have ever met. They couldnt do enough for us, we were treated like royalty. The beach was amazing and kept very clean, as were the swimming pools. I would give anything to be sitting at that swim up bar now! The food was fantastic. We particularly loved the italian...La Traviata. Very reasonably priced! we also enjoyed lunch at the captains bar on several occasions. The rooms were great, very clean and we had a lovely room attendant! Air conditioning was very helpful after a day in the sun! We had to save for a year to go here but it was well worth it! I am a very fussy person so for me to find nothing wrong with the jebel ali is something astonishing! :-) CANT WAIT TO GO BACK!!!!	
Jul 29 2007 	What a place	Well what can I say ! What a fantastic place,from the time we got there until the time we left we were spoiled rotten.It was our first visit to Dubai and the Jebel Ali and I can assure you it wont be our last.There was nothing to complain about other than I wish they sold strongbow in the swim up bars! The swim up bars were great and welcoming in the mid-day sun a special welcome to Stephen who was very polite and always had the drinks ready for us.We were a bit apprehenive about being so far out of town but in the end we were glad as it was very relaxing and it was easy enought to get to the malls via the shuttle bus or taxi as there were six of us it was very cheap.On one occasion the taxi driver offered to stay outside the mall and wait for us because he wanted to be assured we would get a people carrier. He was going to wait free of charge where in the UK would that happen?The people were amazing as was the scenery and all aspects of the hotel the heat was sometimes unbearable especially if you wanted to eat outside in the evening.,but hey thats why we went.If you are thinking of going to the Jebel ali dont hesitate book now!	
Jul 29 2007 	What a Great Place!	Well what can I say about the Jebel Ali resort, apart from it is an excellent place to stay at. It is located about 45 minutes from the airport and is no where near the building sites of dubai. The resort itself is big, the rooms are nice and the staff are helpful. There is a lot of thngs to do at the resort, squash, table-tennis, tennis, golf, etc. If you don't fancy doing anything there are multiple pools for your relaxation and enjoyment. We went with a group which included kids/babies and the hotel was nearly perfect. The only critiscm is that the evening ,meals can prove to be tricky with the kids and some of the resteraunt staff pointed out that the resteraunts in the evening have a no children policy and that they were making an exception....apart from that i would certainly come back to the Jebel Ali.	
Jul 25 2007 	Fabulous Hotel	We returned from the Palm tree Court at Jebel Ali two days ago after a nine night stay. I have to agree with virtually all other posters, it was a fabulous place. From the moment we arrived (at 8am) we were made very welcome. The two sea-facing suites we had booked were not quite ready when we arrived but we were in them by 10 am (even though check in wasn't until 2pm). The suites were very large, clean and well decorated. We were on half board and eat most nights in La Fontana. The selection and quantity of food was impressive and even though our two teenage lads are very picky eaters, they found plenty to their taste. The two lads were well occupied with the golfing and also with the shooting range. The shooting range is very impressive. Each of the lads had an instructor with them at all times and by the end of four days were pretty good shots. Security is reassuringly very tight at the shooting range. We eat one night at Shooters, the restaurant at the range. We weren't overly impressed with it due to the very slow service (2 hours for 2 courses) even though the place was only a quarter full. The food was reasonable and the waiters were very friendly when they did eventually come to us. Not a huge deal really. One night in La Fontana, we had booked a table but it wasn't ready when we arrived. The manager escorted us to the bar upstairs and gave us a free tab to order any drinks we wanted until the table was ready. That was a nice touch as we were only delayed about 15 mins.The weather was very hot as expected (40-43C) but we were well able to cope with it and it certainly didn't hold us back. The sea was very warm, like a very warm bath - lovely!We went to a couple of shopping malls on the courtesy shuttle bus - Mall of the Emirates, which is huge and also Ibn Battuta Mall which is still very big but more manageable to get around.Every little touch that I could think of was provided in the hotel, including some that I would never have thought of. Both the room attendants and guest relations checked regularly that we weren't wanting for anything - and we weren't.We will be going back - it's just fabulous.One word of caution - we flew into and ouy of Abu Dhabi airport, but the taxi driver taking us back to the airport got us nearly into Dubai airport before I could impress upon him that we were going to the wrong place! After a quick U-turn and very fast journey back we made it in plenty of time, so just be sure the driver doesn't assume it's Dubai airport you are going to if it's Abu Dhabi you need.	
Jul 25 2007 	loved it	the beach and pool areas fantastic ate in italian/white orchid and shooters all good value for money - wine not too expensive either - we had a lovely time here and were glad of the peace and quiet -went into dubai centre 1 night it took 2 1/2 hours in a cab nightmare!!! never went again. normal trip to burge and jumeriah beach hotelsor wild waddi takes about 30 mins and about £10 in a cab or you can get shuttle bus to the emirates mall and jump in a cab across to them its worth a visit but you have to make an appointment to get into the burge! but its worth seeing inside!! anyway back to the jebel ali - golf rooms very nice the restaurant for breakfast needs updating big time! the choices are excellent - they also have a carvery at night but we didnt bother as the room has no atmosphere at night and all chairs and tables need a good refurb but it was okay for breakfasts - one other warning beware of the russians - there were a lot there and whilst most kept to themselves there were some not very pleasant who never smiled and stared at you if you smiled at them as if you were from another planet - they never said thank you if you held the door open for them and they let their kids run riot in some of the restaurants - very uncomfortable apart from that had a fab holiday	
Jul 24 2007 	Perfect Honeymoon	My wife and I stayed at Jebel Ali for 2wks at the start of July for our honeymoon. We chose the resort on the basis that it seemed the most 'out of the way' hotel in Dubai, and it was a great decision.We were offered an upgraded room, but stuck with our original allocation on the 1st floor as it had a nice big terrace with furniture for us to sit out on. After downing the complimentary Champagne, Strawberries and traditional sweets, we took a walk around the resort. Every aspect is simply stunning, from the pools, to the gardens, the golf course to the beach, the restaurants and bars to the marina - everywhere we looked we were impressed and even more positive about what a fab choice we made.Other than these aesthetic elements, the area in which Jebel Ali really excels itself is the friendliness of the staff. Nothing is too much trouble, and everything is done with a genuine smile and courtesy. We have to make particular mention of Andrew, the Ibn Majid Coffee House manager, and one the waiters in La Traviata (and on the beach) - Njenga. These guys were awesome, and so welcoming. (By comparison, we booked for lunch at the Burj al Arab during our stay and, while there's no doubt it is impressive, the staff are polite, but not as warm or genuine as their Jebel Ali counterparts). Food is awesome too, and every taste is accounted for due to the themed buffets.We could spend a lot longer describing other aspects of this resort that added to our enjoyment, but we'll leave it at this - Jebel Ali is a great hotel, in a perfect location and with lovely staff that really made all the difference. Highly recommended.	
Jul 20 2007 	Lovely Jubbly Jebel Ali :O)	Stayed at the Jebel Ali with some friends for a girlie holiday for 5 days and wow it was lovely.....was a bit worried that we would too far away from town, but to be honest it was nice to be somewhere peaceful and quieter than the hussle and bussle of the city. Only 30 mins cab ride.Great food - lots of different restaurants to try. Lovely rooms - we stayed on the 5th floor, so got all the flowery perks aswell. Staff very friendly, do the aqua areobics coz that was fun - instructor very enthuisastic. Great cocktails at the swim up pool bar.Weather was hot, but the beach has a breeze which cools you off. Sea water was like a bath - never experienced the sea to be so warm before.Cant wait to return with my family, they'd love it.Thanks Jebel Ali for a brilliant holiday xxxx	
Jul 12 2007 	Wow	Just back from a fab holiday in a fab resort. We had stayed on the jumeriah beach last year so we were abit anxious of this place been so far out from everywhere but we were so wrong. Its location makes it so much more peaceful. No building work surrounding you. No noise from traffic, no noise at all well except from the peacocks that run freely on the resort!! They are building the palm nearby but no major noise or interferance. The hotel is been redecorated at the moment but did not interfere with our holiday at all.The food was great, the hotel is clean and well kept. The staff are helpful and very pleasant. Want to go back as soon as possible but i dont think the bank manager will allow it lolol. Overall a fab holiday and really relaxing.	
Jul 8 2007 	As Good As Ever!	Just returned from the Jebel Ali. It was our 3rd stay and we were there for 9 nights. We had just arrived from 5 nights at Al Qasr and that was stunning so to arrive at the Jebel Ali an find everything exactly the same from the first time we visited 5 years ago was disappointing. The breakfast room is definitely past its best and the rooms are looking tired but the beach, the pools, the golf course and the very friendly staff make it feel like visiting an old friend. This cant possibly continue though as everyone was saying the same thing but we heard roma couple of taxi drivers that the hotel will be demolished when the new airport is built and a new one put in its place. It has the most fantastic situation, stretch of beach and harbour that when the Palm Jebel Ali is finished the seventies style of the hotel will not be good enough. Dubai is on such a roll that nothing will stand in its way. This hotel is agreat bargain holiday and if you can shut your eyes to the odd thing you will have a great time.Everyone really is genuine and you can really relax and enjoy!	
Jul 7 2007 	Love Jebel Ali Hotel/Love Dubai	My husband and I have just returned from Dubai, staying at the Jebel Ali hotel. We stayed for 8 nights and wished we stayed for more. The resort is excellent. 4 swimming pools and 6 restaurants. Highly recommend the Captains Bar, where you can lunch or dine on the beach. Very romantic in the evening. The food is 5 star - better than Ramsey at half the price! Staff extremely friendly. Only 45mins from airport. Hotel provide free shuttle to shops every 4hrs there and back until midnight. Husband impressed with 9 hole golf course. Fantastic Spa, even my husband used the treatments. Will definitely be returning next year or sooner if possible.	
Jul 6 2007 	Absolutely Lovely!	We are at The Jebel Ali Golf &amp; Spa Resort at the moment and we are having a fabulous time here - pure relaxation. For those people who have placed bad comments relating to this hotel must live in Palaces at home! We have stayed in the normal Golf View rooms in previous years and have found the rooms to be cosy and comfortable. We have also stayed in a Palm Tree Court Junior Suite, which was sitauted straight onto the Beach Front - we thoroughly enjoyed the convenience and spacious luxurious rooms but thought that we would try the Superior Golf View Rooms in the main part of the Jebel Ali Hotel - which is where we are at present. These rooms do cost more than the Palm Tree Courts but there is a huge difference if you are looking for a more cosy and ornate room. The rooms are very spacious and the furniture is large and mainly all carved wooden furniture. Our room is situated on the 5th Floor and with the room, you can also enjoy a private breakfast in the lounge area on the 5th Floor, which has it's own reception area just for this floor. You also receive complimentary refreshments and light snacks throughout the day and then Hi-Tea in the afternoon. Then you have the opportunity of Free cocktails between 6-7pm and the service from the staff on this floor is very professional. We have already booked our holiday for 2008 and are staying at The Dar Al Masyaf, which is part of the Madinet Jumeirah but if we would of known in advance of the 1st Class 5 Star treatment given to guests paying that little more more on 5th Floor, we would of definitely opted to return here next year! I would thoroughly recommend this hotel, in particular the rooms on 5th Floor to any person wishing to have a relaxing holiday, away from the shopping and construction Dubai City has to offer....!!! We only ever stay in 5Star hotels when travelling and please beleive me when I say that this hotel is without a doubt a 5 Star Hotel!! One reservation though...... A warning on checking in at The Jebel Ali...... It takes quite a while and it isn't the best service from a 5 Star Hotel on the actual Check-In but this is the only negative that we have ever found when staying here.	
Jun 28 2007 	Relaxing	Arrived at the hotel at about 10am and was given a room straight away. Although we asked to be moved as the room was not as nice as one would expect in a 5* hotel, they said it was not possible. Although they did let us swap one of our breakfast days as we were so hungry when we arrived.I found the staff to be extremely friendly and helpful. The shuttle bus to the malls is very good, you can then get a cab further into town (a suggestion i used from an earlier reviewer)I used the pool on one occasion but there was more of a fresh breeze down on the beach, the seawater was like getting into a warm bath and I loved the private beach.. Had lunch almost daily on one of the small bars on the beach, and once had dinner in the buffet style restaurant but thought it was very expensive for what you got.A lovely surprise was that it was my boyf. birthday and they baked us a birthday cake and delivered it to our room which we were extremely grateful for.My boyf. used the Spa and i got a manicure, pedicure and hair done in the salon for b-day dinner, both recommended.Highly recommend this hotel/	
Jun 22 2007 	Pure Relaxation!	Our week long stay at the Jebel Ali left us refreshed, rejuvenated and utterly content. The hotel is based approximately 30 minutes from the city of Dubai, out of the bustle and based in the otherwise deserted countryside. It is an oasis in the midst of dry land. The hotel has 5 stars and is worth it. My boyfriend and I (both late 20s) booked a sea view room as an upgrade from a golf view room. The extra money was worth it. The view each day and night from our little balcony was breath taking. The hotel itself has great facilities. From endless bars and restaurants to recreation activities. We used the tennis courts a few evenings which are maintained to a high standard. We had to hire the tennis rackets to play at a cost of 15 Dirham per racket but were not charged for them when we got our bill. I reckon they charge if some one breaks the racket or loses a ball as opposed to charging everyone. We never used the golf course as Im not a good player, however, my boyfriend watched in envy as other players availed of the high quality 9-hole course There are a number of pools to chose from to lie out in the blistering sun, however, we returned each day to the beach. The white sands and the palm trees allowed us to totatlly indulge and take advantage of the heat. Staff (who are exceptionally polite) are on hand to serve drinks. On a couple of the days by the beach there was work going on on the beach itself which caused a bit of noise but nothing we couldnt handle. If the heat becomes too much then one can relax in the sunset lounge, or go to the spa. The spa was expensive and so never made use of it but Im sure that would be just as enjoyable. During the week we actually had no reason to leave the hotel as everything was there. However, a trip on safari to the desert is well recommended. The only downside of our experience was that our early morning flight had us arriving at the hotel at 6am. We were not able to get to our room until 1pm. Apparently if we had contacted the hotel directly to tell them our arrival time then we would have gotten in earlier. I appreciate our negative experience was not the fault of the hotel but it definately tainted our first impressions. After a sleepless night on the plane it was very difficult to hang around waiting until the room was ready. Therefore, the moral of the story is if youre arriving early, email the hotel!The only dow	
Jun 20 2007 	Excellent hotel. Bit far away though	Went with 3 friends for 3 nights and had adjoining TWIN rooms after being upgraded to Sea-View rooms. Clean, smart rooms with balconies overlooking the sea and huge Jebel Ali Palm development. Very hot time of year to go though but A/C worked very well.Breakfasts great - specially &quot;Full English&quot;. Hotel meals pretty expensive - 5 star prices.Polite, professional service from the staff. Bit far from town but shuttle buses to major shopping centres like Mall of Emirates. Taxi to downtown Dubai around £13 o/w. Great pools, beach - the warmest sea I have ever swam in!!Also good gym in the Club. 3 nights not long enough to really enjoy this place especially if you are a golfer as well.	
Jun 10 2007 	Awesome!!!!	What a place!! We went with friends who were on their third visit to the Jebel Ali.. we were not disappointed!! Normal holidays for us are shopping in Florida so we had high expectations... this place makes Florida look silly!!From the moment we arrived the service was overwhelming, we have never experienced such fantastic service..even in Florida!! The hotel is grand, spotless and perfectly situated away from the busy town were building works is everywhere!!Found a fantastic resturant in the mall next door to Wadi Wadi and The Burj.. it was called The Meat Co - worth a visit if you like steaks!!The weather was a little too hot in June...if it can ever be too hot!! The evenings were a little uncomfortable if you attempted the hotels fantastic buffet bbq's outdoors.. hot and sticky even at midnight but the food and service made it all seem worth it!!We went to the fireworks in the desert (last night before the weather gets too hot).. it was an experience but again it was made uncomfortable by the evening heat.. 37 degrees in the evenings..crazy!!In summary, the hotel is perfect for almost everyone and we will definately be counting down the weeks until we can visit again!! Thanks Jebel Ali!!!	
Jun 5 2007 	Fantastic	What a fantastic place!! Service, hotel, staff all brilliant and of course the weather!!! Would definately go back - even though its a little far out shuttles buses are put on to the main attractions so other than go to the city centre we saw everything. Would definately recommend the desert safari riding over sand dunes in a 4x4, sand skiing and then bbq with belly dancing!! also wide wadi is a great day out. cant fault the room at all - everything was just perfect and cant wait to book my next trip maybe next time id book a few nights in the city aswell just for the experience!!!	
May 29 2007 	Wow!!	Where do i start with this hotel?Obviously the countdown to my holiday was very exciting and the more I wanted to leave cloudy England the higher my expectation got of Dubai as a whole and the hotel. When we arrived we definately weren't dissappointed. As you enter the secluded grounds of the hotel you're greeted by peacocks and beautiful gardens before eventually reaching the grand hotel. From then the amazing service and experience of staying at this hotel starts. When we checked into the room we found a huge bouncy bed, large cupboards, desk and big mirror. In other words everything you need. The bathroom is average for a 4/5* hotel. Two tiny dissapointments no Iron and board in the room, we had to bug the housekepper everyday to put it in the room, also although we didnt watch much TV out there when we did there was hardly anything on.....meaning no decent channels, unless your german!!!Pools are gorgeous, 3 large pools on the resort, 2 with pool bars. step off the pool area to the grassed area that leads you to the beach, all within 20sec walk away.....perfect!! I'm guessing that the previous reviews were a bit older than us as the beach hut was never mentioned. But on site you can doughnut ride, kayak, banana boat ride, water ski and loads of other stuff but they were the highlights. All of them were really inexpensive in comparison to other places i've been to e.g £5-£12 each activity. The resturants were lovely, an italian, buffet, chinese and others we didnt get round to. Breakfast has loads of options for all tastes. Bars were peaceful and beautiful, a majority outside therefore has great views or a great atmosphere. A personal fav for us was the plantation bar. chilled out arabic music in the background, bedlike sofas under a canope. We chilled there nearly everynight for final drinks of the evening and shisha. An other thing other reviews failed to mention was the option of night swimming, the pool bar stayed open till midnight and the weather is perfect for a dip. The grounds in the evening are gorgeous, lit up gardens and pool. Very romantic to say the least. Me and boyfriend absolutely loved this hotel. Unfortunatly it is quite a way from the city center....about £10 per way. not really worth it unless planning a big night out. If you're going to dubai to completely chill out than this hotel is perfect and it will keep you completely entertained but if you do want to see the city, shopping and nightlife i'd suggest doing what we did, stay at Jebel ali for 4nights then move to a City hotel for the final 2/3 nights......it worked out perfectly. This Hotel definatly comes as advertised, luxurious resort. I would say the resort was 5star and the rooms 4star. But all the same it was an amazing place and i'm definatley looking forward to go back.	
May 20 2007 	First Class Resort Cant Understand the Negative Comments Below	Just returned from a 6 night stay at the Jebel Ali and had a fantastic time. The resort, staff and location are out of this world. The staff couldnt do enough for you, so much so they wouldnt allow you to lay up your own sunbed and parasol. The staff are always pleasant and have a smile on their faces.The gardens, pools and beach are immaculate and are constatntly being cleaned, cut or groomed. While other posters have stated that the rooms are long in the tooth I found mine to be of a high standard. They may not be as new as other properties in Dubai but the quality is good and they are very clean.The hotel has provides a lot of nice touches such as bathrobes and slippers, free bottled water with the turn down service and Elemis products in the bathrooms. We also found resort relations to be very helpful and informed with good advice on vacations. We booked the Dinner Cruise Bateaux Dubai which was amazing; both culinary wise and scenic. It was usual resort dinner prices which was about £40 a head for 4 courses but a bottle of wine which costs £5 in supermarkets back home will set you back £30 - £40 pounds, but we found this consistent across other places.The Spa treatments are also first rate and of a similar price to those in the UK. The spa settings and facilities a 5 star but unfortunatley you can only use them when you have booked a treatmnet. The resort also has plently of activites for the energetic such as Pool Aerobics, Beach Volleyball and football. They cater for all levels and I found a welcome break from the sunbathing.Overall I couldnt find a fault with this resort, I did hear someone complain about how slow the lifts were operating one day but I guess they hadnt come for a chill out like I had which this resort truly allows you to do. I would recomend this resort to anyone, it maybe quite a bit out of the centre of Dubai but it isnt surrounded by the building site and sight of cranes that down town is experiencing. Resort shuttles can take you to the main Malls and the water parks and taxis are very cheep also. Only cost us 130 AED from the airport to the resort. The hotel are happy to arrange this for 150 AED.Point of warning, the dress code for many of the resorts resterants require men to ware trousers and a full shoe eg no tailored shorts and sandals. This caught a few people out and limited their dinner choices. Whilst I dint see anyone turned away from a resteraunt they do ask that you respect the local custom of dressing appropriatley for dinner.If you are going soon you will have a wonderful but very hot time, average day temps were around 42 degrees C which dropped to about 28 degrees C at night. Brilliant place get it booked!	
May 19 2007 	Great Holiday	Just got back from 6 nights staying at the Jebel Ali Hotel. We stayed in a Golf View Standard Room and were pleasantly surpised at the size and comfort of the room. The room facilities were great - Elemis Toiletries, Bathrobes, Slippers, Turn Down Service, Fresh Fruit and Bottled Water supplied every day. The room was kept spotlessly clean and was checked twice a day. The staff at the hotel were extremely helpful (especially the concierge) and very courteous, nothing was too much trouble. The grounds of the hotel were fantastic, plenty of sunbeds and room to lounge about without feeling on top of one another. We used the Shooting Club, which we booked through the hotel and the facilities there were great. We used the shuttle bus to get us to the malls which would take about 40 minutes and would then take a taxi to go on into Dubai centre. We didn't have a problem with taxis bringing us back to the hotel and this would cost approx. 80 - 120 dirhams depending on the time of day. A trip must do is the Bateaux Dubai again this can be booked through the concierge, to see the Dubai Creek lit up at night whilst dining on a 4 course meal is not to be missed! I would definitely recommend the Jebel Ali Hotel to family and friends and hope to go back some day.....	
May 3 2007 	Jebel Ali Fawlty Towers	I struggle to understand if I actually stayed at the same hotel, based on some of the below reviews!I live in Dubai and wanted to get out of the house for a day or two to propose to my girlfriend. Dubai hotels were all full, but managed to get a room here with a 'golf course view', and it was not cheap. I play golf here often, so had hoped that the service and quality would reflect what is possibly the nicest 9 holer course I have ever seen. Afraid not. The check in was a chore and took forever. The room was small (but adequate) and had no view at all.The service at the 'Captains Bar' by the beach is like ordering a meal from Manuel in Fawlty Towers, and the beach service is not much better. We ordered fruit cocktails on the beach, and when we asked to return them (we were given fruit milkshakes - not what we asked for and I am allergic to diary) the waiter acted like a teenager who has had his toys taken away.Also none of the drinks ordered throughout the hotel were cold enough. Warm beer, warm cokes (served with 2-3 ice cubes only). Not ideal in 36 degrees C heat.The asian fusion restaurant was pretty good though, again service is average (better than at the beach) and portions were very sizeable.Overall, this is not a 5 star hotel. Our standards are high yes, but only because we have stayed and spent time at many of Dubai's hotels. It is a 4 star stay, at 5 star prices.You do get a golf discount and a choice of swimming pools however, if this balances it for you.	
Apr 27 2007 	A lovely hotel	We stayed here for four days in April 07 and loved every minute. The staff were so friendly and couln't do enough for the guests. It has three pools, loads of sunbeads by them, the beach or in the gardens. The life guards even cleaned your sunglasses for you!!The food was lovely and average price for a five star resort. The Arabian themed bar was a beautiful setting. Althougth the resort was a good 30 minute taxi ride from the centre of Dubai taxis are very cheap there so it wasn't a problem.Dubai itself was amazing and four days was not enough. I will be returing next year. I absolutley loved the place. Go for afternoon tea in the Burj - about £50 each but well worth it. It really was out of this world.	
Apr 22 2007 	well worth staying	We have just returned from The Jebel Ali Spa Resort and it is fantastic!! Cannot praise the location, staff, rooms, food enough.The hotel is approx 45 minutes from Dubai centre but at approx £10 for a taxi for 4 to the city centre who cares. There is a shuttle buswhich is free so its easy however you decide to travel.We visited the souk area close to the Burj hotel and you could spend a full day in the immediate area, there is lots of shops and plenty of places to eat.Also visited the Emirates Mall which has loads of shops and an indoor ski resort (incredible)We did the jeep safari with Alpha Tours, one of the best trips we have ever done anywhere in the world, only advice is don't have too much to eat before you go as you will possibly feel sick after the dunes!!!!!All in all, a fantastic hotel with superb staff and great food.We are going back in October.	
Apr 13 2007 	Excellent for young children	We stayed at this resort for 10 days (with our 6 and 3 year old) and we had a great time - we really did not want to come home. We had booked 2 rooms one for us and 1 for my mum. we had an overnight flight which left us very tired for the first 2 days. we arrived at the hotel for 9 am (the kids were sich and tired, my mum almost collapsed). I had contacted the hotel directly requesting for atleast one of the rooms to be available to us upon our arrival. Unfortunately we ended up sitting in a smoky waiting area (allbeit with nice views) until 2.30pm at which time I asked the receptionist if our room was ready and only then we were given the key to one of the rooms. We were offered breakfast / coffee but we were so tired and ill that we could not. The pools are excellent - clean and warm as is the beach and the sea. The entire resort was clean. The room was big enough to accommodate all of us; we were put on the ground floor even though we paid extra for sea view. It all worked out as we could walk straight from the beach / green area into our room via the terrace with chairs. Other rooms had balconies but tiny without any chairs. We had a look at the Palm Tree Court and although it looked grand, it was a reasonable walk for the children and our elderly mum to the main reception and other facilities. I dont suppose it matters which room you stay you will have a great time. The weather was perfect - it was not too hot but hot enough. We felt safe and the satff all walked around with a smile on their faces happy to help. Definitely recommend the treatments at the beauty Clinic but avoid the Salon unless you are just having your hair rwashed and dried. I decided to have a change in hair style and the end product left me in tears. I paid a lot of money and they refused to take responsibility. I ended up having to visit a hair salon in the Uk which cost me more and I will have to wait until the style grows out which could take upto a min of 6 months. The resort is in middle of no where and took taxis every where which added to the overal expenditure which we had not allowed for. we visite the city centre and I am so glad we decided not to stay there. If you think traffic in Uk is bad - Dubai id 1000X worse. Do not visit the Malls on a Friday - it becomes so busy you cannot see your own feet. Every Mall has an entertainment area for the kids. You can leave them with your other half and spend your time shopping. The food courts are excellent and cheap except for McDonnalds! try and avoid it and try other foods. The resort itself has an excellent kids club. For the first time ever, we felt at ease regarding leaving the children at the club but ofcourse we did not. I cannot fault the food except for it would have been nice to have some traditional food. everything is westernised. You can easily forget that you are in Dubai - in fact there is nothing to indicate that you are in an arab country. Watch out for the driving. They are crazy drivers. On the to the hotel we did not think we were going to make it. The driver almost crashed the car twice and was driving so eratically 3 of us ended up being sick in the car. i reported this to the tour operator and on the way back the driver drove excessively slow in that we arrived at the airport later than we expected. The resort is about 45 minutes from the airport and the city centre. If you speak to the Guest liason officer he will tell of all the tours and things to do and they will even book it for you. We loved it so much we are planning to go back. totally relaxing and safe holiday even for those with young family. We flew with the Emirates and the flight was excellent even with the kids. I dont want to fly with any one else.	
Mar 24 2007 	An oasis in the desert of Dubai	We stayed for 7 days at Palm Court of Jebel Ali in mid-March- one of the most relaxing weeks I' ve ever had!Rooms: Huge! Large comfortable bed, large bathroom with seperate shower and Elemis products, veranda with 2 sunbeds, sofa, armchair, tea-coffee making facilities and a very convenient large wardrope. We received fruits, flowers etc during our stay. There is also high-speed internet connection in every room- you just have to purchase a voucher from the hotel.Location: Although the distance to downtown Dubai is approximately 45 minutes, we didn't find it a problem. The Emirates Mall is about 20 minutes and the IBN Battuta Mall is about 15 minutes drive- both malls are served by the hotel bus (just make sure you make a reservation for a seat in the bus some time ahead). Taxis to and from Dubai are easy to be found and relatively cheap. The hotel is also about an hour away from Abu Dhabi (don't miss it!)Exterior: Impressive.....Nice gardens, plenty of flowers, birds, peacocks, horses and a camel, which is available for riding in the white sand! And all these in the middle of the desert!Restaurants: We tried the Italian and the White Orchid- delicious!Service: Efficient and friendly. They even provided all rooms with an umbrella as rain was expected during the next day! Can't wait to go back!	
Mar 18 2007 	Good beaches quiet location	I would stay at the Jebel Ali again. It was good for fabulous beaches, quiet building-free resort, about half hour by courtesy bus to town and loads of cabs waiting outside. The bus stops at a couple of the malls and wild wadi. Restaurants on site are bit pricey, but the White Orchid was very good. Good for couples and those with young children, as there is a mini club. Not much for teenagers, especially in the evening. Reception staff arent very knowledgable about trips to Dubai and if you want to visit the Burg Arab, book as soon as you arrive, we had to go as part of a tour, that visited other places, but it was a good experience.	
Mar 13 2007	Everyone is so helpful!!!	This hotel was amazing from the moment we arrived, when they took our suitcases in for us! Then we were shown to our room, which was clean and stunning. The pools are all clean and have lifeguards, there is even a bar in the pool!!! The beach is pure sand which is lovely and the sea is like stepping into a warm bath...bliss!!! There is a fabulous choice of restaurants so there is something for everyone!! Breakfast has everything we were so full afterwards!!! The bus service was good as you could go into a variety of attraction! The peacocks walking around the grounds were fabulous! You can take part in a variety of beach activities i.e. water skiing, camel rides, henna, banana boat etc. Everyone was so kind and helpful and treated us like royalty....would recommend to anyone!!! best hotel ive ever been to!!!	
Mar 12 2007 	Good family resort	Stayed at the Jebel Ali for 5 nights after returning from the Maldives ( this makes it hard to be fair as i can't help but compare!). Anyway despite being a bit further out of Dubai, its still not too far away, and this should mean no noise, but of course another Palm island is under construction and i found this to sound like distant drums or thunder and it did disturb my sleep. The resort is not too big, and we walked around it, never needing to use the golf carts , the beach is wide and clean, but the water felt cold and we never went in, prefering the pool as this was heated, in fact it was almost too warm!! One over zealous life guard did insist on us not using the inflatable ring (purchased in the resort shop )though, nor the snorkel mask or fins my daughter had!! She enjoyed short but complementary camel ride on resident camel 'Charlie' who is in his thirties!! His owner was happy for us to pet him although apparently ,unlike ponies, camels hate it!!Breakfast was perfectly adequate, as much as you can eat buffet, which usually meant we did'nt eat lunch. Our room, a sea facing palm court suite was spacious, with an enormous comfortable bed ( well done for that ), and a small terrace, quite close to other terraces, but we rarely saw any one else sitting out. A treat was a peacock came into our garden and we fed it a few crumbs by hand, which was fun for our 7 year old. We had room service but the food was a bit 'pub grub' ish. Also went for a drink but as a couple were sitting in the 'family' seats we had to go to another area with daughter. The 'white orchid' has lovely open air terrace with a fire pit , we also tried the Italian restaurant, delicous food and very well presented. This was the end of our holiday and we enjoyed lazing around in our white fluffy robes abusing the mini bar, cannot really fault this resort, but it did feel a little ordinary after being on a tiny tropical island.	
Feb 21 2007 	Warm and Sincear - Will Go Back	We stayed at this resort for 3 nights before going to the Jumeirah beach hotel. We decided on this resort because it was away from it all. We found it one of the most relaxing places ever, although it was peak time with the school holidays, you never seemed to see many other guest's, the gounds are vast and many guest are using all the fab facitiies, ie the Golf course, horse riding, water sports the list is endless. My fiance played golf one day, he was really impressed with the greens but it was hard course, and the clubs he hired were of good qualilty. We booked the round a week before we left the UK and he was teamed up with 3 other people who played with more of less the same handicap.The pool area's were never packed, nor the beach, most people seemed to use the grass area for sunbathing. Fab Beach, with free camel rides on certain days.It was my birthday whilst there, I received a card, flowers and a cake compliments of the hotel. We also received Champagne and Stawberries on arrival in our room not sure if that was standard or also for my Birthday.We ate at the Italian and it was one of the best meals I have ever had, we also ate at the shooters resturant the food was good but the staff didn't look happy and it lacked atmosphere.We also used the bar with the piano player in all the staff were great and entertained us. We didn't find anything expensive at all, you pay the same as the UK for food and drink. The breakfast are great I had something different every morning.Yes the rooms are on the small side, but very comfortable.As I mentioned before we went on to Jumerirah beach hotel after, and we much preferred the Jebel Ali mainly because of the warm atmosphere and the helpful happy staff, who seemed sincear they really seem to care. At the juerirah Beach the staff are helpful and smile but you feel they are told to, its there job.We also had Valentine dinner at the Burj, it was perfect we was given Hermes perfume and aftershave gift sets once we asked for the cheque at the end of the meal. I had also been given a gift of a red heart box containing red rose petals and another containing chocolates before and during dinner. We also visited the sky bar for drink after dinner as this is at the top of the Burj and the views are amazing, your ears pop in the lift as you go up and down. It was well worth the expense and I'll recomend that you go. When we were waiting outside the Burj to go home a chaffeur driven BMW with white leather interior pulled up and we were escorted to it and had a free ride back to our hotel, what a way to top the evening.We will without a doubt return to Jebel Ali when we next visit Dubai.	
Feb 16 2007	Honeymoon in Dubai	We stayed here for our honeymoon in early Feb and we would rate it as a 4 star (not 5 as they advertise) . Negatives first: -The rooms were a bit dated and slightly smaller than we'd hoped, but the balcony size was dissapointing and there were no chairs. There was nothing drastically wrong but I thought for a 'Leading Hotel of the World' the bathroom could have done with a refurb. The grout around the shower taps was dirty and there was a nasty looking (assumed) rust stain near the taps. The ceiling looked like plastic and was quite grubby - see pics. -One day whilst sunbathing, I was continually asked if I wanted to buy any drinks. One even asked me if I wanted my sunglasses cleaned. Although I only experienced this on one day, it was a bit of a nuisance. -Our room had a connecting door, and we could always hear every word our neighbour spoke. -One night we went to La Traviata for dinner, without a reservation. The restaurant was more than half empty but still the waiter got snotty, counting over his tiny list of names again and again while frowning. Eventually another staff member came over and took us straight to a table... and the restaurant still remained half empty the whole time we were there.-The main restaurant for breakfast and buffet dinner is stuck in a 70's time warp, It was spotlessly clean but I guess I just expected something a bit more modern for a 5 star. Also they use 'pan pipe' music of cheesy songs like the Titanic theme, which started to grate after 10 days there.-Finally, the hotel is about 40 mins from anywhere, which wasn't a problem for us as we only did 2 days out of the resort to fit in all our sightseeing.Positives: -In our experince, the food here is absolutely fantastic. Everything from the elegant restaurants to the casual sports bar restaurant - it was all fantastic. The buffet restaurant had a different theme every night, and the puddings were to die for. One night the hotel put on a BBQ in the garden, and had belly dancing. I am a fussy eater but always found something to enjoy. Service was attentive but unobtrusive.-Every member of staff we had contact with always had a smile and were extremely polite and helpful. Having stayed in many hotels, the level of service here is one of the best. Nothing was ever too much trouble and concierge were fantastic.-Outside of the hotel, the grounds are extensive and immaculate, every morning you would see them mowing the lawns, planting flowers etc. We had a golf view room which had some lovely views. They also have a couple of peacocks roaming around.-The facilities are also very good, there is a wide selection of activities and things to do, and the 3 pools were a good size. I was pleased to find the beach looked exactly like the photo and is raked over every night.-The hotel provides beach towels, as many as you ask for. -There is also fridge and safe in the room which you dont have to pay to use. And lovely Elemis toiletries.Unfortunately I never got to use the spa, but I read some very good reviews on it. There is also a hair salon.-Outside one of the bars were little tent camps with soft seating and laterns. Very nice to sit out with a drink. -There was a turndown every night, with 2 complimentary bottles of water and the hotel gave us champagne and flowers on our first night. They also had a room ready for us even 'tho we arrived at 7am. CostsWe booked B&amp;B and budgeted £50pp per day to include taxis (but we didnt spend it all) Meals cost around £22 pp for 3 course buffet ex drinks, £35 pp in the Italian but if you just wanted a burger or grilled fish salad, a meal for 2 was around £20. Lunch from around £7 pp plus drinks. We would definetly come back again, but would think about staying in Palm Tree Court as it looked much nicer.	
Feb 13 2007	Superb Jebel Ali	My wife and I returned on Sunday from our first visit to Dubai and the Jebel Ali and cannot rave enough about this great Hotel.From when we arrived at 3am Tuesday morning everything was just perfect. I think what made this hotel special compared to any we've stayed in around Europe was the attitude of the staff, everyone was so friendly, whichever part of the complex we were in, keen to help and always with a smile and a hello, its amazing how such a apparently small detail has such a positive effect on your Holiday.We had a seaview room on the 2nd floor which was kept beautifully clean, so much so that the bins were emptied in the evenings as well when 2 new bottles of water were provided as well as the turndown service.As well as the 3 pools there is also a lovely beach and excellent gardens to sunbathe in.We used the hotel shuttle bus a couple of times and had no problems after pre booking, there was never more then 20 people on it and it was a 50 seater. Although not going into Dubai was a bit inconvienent, the drop off at Mall of the Emirates meant you could get either a taxi into town or join the Big City Tour Bus.Our favourite restaurant was the White Orchid, but we also used Signatures &amp; Shooters, we preferred the former as Shooters, although good food &amp; service, lacked a bit of atmosphere and was quite datedI played 9 holes of golf which was extremely good value at 215AED( about £30) which included a buggy and a set of Callaway clubs, the course was excellent.As with everywhere else in Dubai, alcohol was expensive, the cheapest in the restaurants being a standard bottle of Hardys Merlot at AED115 ( £16-17).However, that certainly didn't spoil our holiday as we had a wonderful relaxing time at the Jebel Ali and we were very glad we were not subject to the intensity of Dubai City 24/7.We, like others, will definitely return	
Feb 2 2007 	A place to relax	Have just returned from a wonderful 7 nights spent at the Jebel Ali Hotel. This was my wife's first visit to Dubai, but as I had been previously on business I purposefully chose this hotel as I knew it was away from the main construction work. Although the hotel is away from the city we just wanted a week relaxing in the sun and the hotel provided us with everything we needed, 3 heated pools and a fabulous beach. As we arrived around 9.30 in the morning our room was not available but arrangements were made for us to shower and change and to enjoy complimentary refreshments. When the room was ready we were given an upgrade to a seaview room. We had pre-booked our evening meal, and although credit was given if dinner was taken in any restaurant other than the Coffee Shop, we found the food in the Coffee Shop excellent and varied so did not try any of the other restaurants, something for our next visit. We cannot praise the staff too highly for their friendliness and level of service. Special mention of Mohamed at the Captains Bar. We spent most evenings in the Plantation Bar and enjoyed the entertainment provided by the Blue Dream Band.One excursion we would recommend is the Dinner criuse on the Bateau Dubai which not only provides excellent food but also gives a wonderful view of the city from the water.My wife so enjoyed her first trip to Dubai that she has already decided that not only will we be returning to the Jebel Ali next year, but we intend to stay for 10 nights and maybe take the excursion to spend a night in the desert.	
Jan 29 2007 	Jebel Ali Golf Resort 	we have just returned from this hotel and can say that it was value for money.I would rate this hotel 4 star+ i can't put my finger on why maybe the distnce from the centre 20 min,small rooms, no balcony.the weather wasn't at its best but the staff couldn't do enough for you,golf was great.spa superb,food excellent,beach fantastic .For our fist visit to dubai i think it was a good choice as there is a lot of building work going on in the centre.would i go back to the jebi ali yes if the deal was right.The shuttle bus is now a 53 seater the days we used it we had no problems at all.as we were just chilling out for 6 nights this hotel is perfect.	
Jan 29 2007 	Quiet get-away	Staying at this hotel for the second time was as good as ever. It is one hotel in the manic city of Dubai where you could actually be in another country (if you ingnore the power station) up the coast. The beach is beautiful and well maintained and the sea/gulf very warm.The buffet breakfast is one of the best I've sampled and suits all tastes. Be careful to clarify that the breakfast is included when booking because we booked through ---.com who advertised it as B&amp;B but when the confirmation was issued excluded it. Despite my protestations I had to pay the hotel who showed me the booking form received from lastminute. I didn't mind paying since the breakfast was first class, but it wasn't cheap for 2 of us for 8 days.It is worth skipping breakfast for the Friday Brunch, but get there early as it does get very busy.The gardens around the pool area are excellent , and even when the hotel is busy there is adequte room to accomodate everyone.The rooms are very good, if a little old fashioned compared to the newer hotels in Jumeriah and in town. The balconies are tiny.A trip to Shooters Restaurant is worth a night out seeing the latest in who's got the best semi-automatic as you watch the locals clay pigeon shooting - the steaks are delicious. It is a couple of km away from the hotel, but they provide a courtesy bus.The Italian restaurant, La Traviata, in the basement of the hotel is also excellent but ask for a table away from the stage if you want the volume turned down on the live music.The hotel also run courtesy buses into town throughout the day but pre-book as it can be like waiting for the sales to start in the car park.The golf driving range is around by the marina and is reasonably priced. I did not play golf but understand the course is first class and you get discount green fees as a hotel resident. Outside the Sports Bar is the marina where there a number of beautiful boats moored. It is a relaxing place to sit and have a sundowner and enjoy a snack.This is a first class resort to suit all tastes and will definitely stay there again as is has so much to offer, away from the hurly burly of Dubai.	
Jan 17 2007	Heaven on Earth	We honeymooned at this hotel for 10 nights in September 2005 and all I can say is, it was one of the most relaxing holidays I was ever on. Note it is a good bit out of town (about 45 mins in a taxi) and the roads were so busy (and taxi drivers so fast) that apart from one or two trips we stayed at the hotel.Definitely would not get bored if you never left the complex, lots of restaurants and activities. Two swim up bars in temp controlled pools for when it gets too hot! One pool has a duck (photo attached) which enjoys an interval swim. In September it averaged the high 30's (hit 41C when we arrived) which you do get quickly used to. The hotel fronts onto a beach which seemed to permanently have a heavenly breeze.Dubai itself was nothing to write home about. High rise hotels and buildings with highways to the front - not as I had imagined. The gold souks were supposed to be good. We hailed taxi from town but he would not bring us as he said it would take him 2 hours to cross the creek (bridge) to get there (traffic is that bad). Shopping is not all that much cheaper (and certainly if you've been to New York, don't bother getting excited about here). My husband did buy a PSP which he felt was good value.One highlight - lunch at the 7 star Burj al Arab - cost equiv to €200!! so a once in a lifetime treat. You're not allowed go to hotel unless with a tour. Lots of trips can be booked from the hotel. I also recommend the night cruise and dinner on a traditional dow - not near €200!.Hotel staff exceptionnally friendly and helpful. Champagne and flowers on arrival. Hotel bar a bit quiet, the sports bar a 1 min walk from the hotel is a bit more upbeat. Also check out Shooters restaurant. The thai is among the best we ever ate. Prepare for a quiet but very luxurious holiday. Lots of clubs and life in town if you want to travel. Taxis readily available or complimentary hotel bus. You'll leave the Jebel Ali promising to return even if Dubai itself doesn't float your boat!	
Jan 13 2007 	Luxiorous	Arriving from a nightflight from Africa I definitely made the wrong choice of hotel. Whilst it had specifically noted an early check in they did not have a room ready and it was an ugly sight when i had to camp down in their plush lounge area......despite this they did give me a free breakfast, only told me it was free when i checked out!Despite this, the room was massive, plush Elemis products and slippers in the wardrobe, spotless, lovely pool/beach/green etc. Downside, loads of Brit tourists, miles out of town, complimentary bus service does not go right into town where people want to go to gold souks etc, and only drops you at a mall where you have to get taxis.....but still it's better having that bus than no bus at all, as getting taxis to and from the hotel will cost loads as miles from anything. The bus driver was the most helpful person i met in Dubai who told me where to go and how to get there! Personally, I would not stay at this hotel again as too far from anyting in town.	
Dec 11 2006 	Holiday location with a difference	Our first visit to Dubai from 01-09 Nov 2006 – stayed in an Ocean View Suite at the Palm Tree Court of Jebel Ali Hotel on a B&amp;B basis.Rooms in three storey small blocks were spacious with huge marble bathrooms, the biggest bed we’ve every seen and kept spotlessly clean. Towels were changed twice daily if required and evening turndown service early evening provided bottled water for the bedside, extra tea/coffee supplies and icebucket refill. The slippers, lovely bathrobes &amp; Elemis products were very welcome too.We ate in the Palm Tree Court restaurants most evenings and felt pleased we were staying in that part of the resort rather than the main hotel – we only ate in the Jebel Ali 24 hour restaurant the night we arrived as we were too late for anywhere else and although the snacks we chose were fine, the décor was a little dated and tired. We particularly liked the White Orchid Restaurant and the Captains Bar for a light lunch and early evening cocktails. It’s also worth taking the shuttle bus over to the Shooters Restaurant one evening for a change, and the Bateaux Dubai dinner cruise is also worthwhile with excellent food but a bit of a trek through the traffic to get there of an evening.We did take the hotel courtesy bus for shopping to the Emirates Mall but didn’t take any other excursions as we were only there for 6 days and really just wanted to relax. We had no problem with getting a seat on the bus in each direction on that occasion so I think some people who have commented on it being a problem have just been unlucky as the hotel was actually fully booked when we were there.Without exception staff are polite, friendly and the service was excellent wherever you were – remembering your name from the very first day at reception and some of the waiting staff too.Both my husband and I had some treatment in the spa which are well worth the treat and prices compare very favourably to the UK. In fact in our opinion meals and drinks were not overpriced for a resort of this standard, which we would put at 4.5 stars overall based on the Palm Tree Court.The construction work didn’t affect us whilst at the hotel as the Jebel Ali Palm construction is far enough off-shore not to cause a problem at the moment. However, we have never seen so many cranes as on the way into Dubai City. We really can’t see all this development coming to an end for some considerable time and even though we visited with an open mind, it wasn’t quite our ideal holiday destination. They will badly need to improve the road structure to accommodate all the extra traffic that will be created as it gets really congested now at certain times of the day.	
Dec 1 2006 	A Jewel In The Arabian Gulf	My wife booked this hotel as a surprise 50th birthday/retirement present for me and what a surprise, anyway to the gist of the matter the hotel.We arrived in Dubai at 1.00am and took a taxi from the airport it takes about 40 minutes and costs 110 AED (£15.00 approx).Check-in was straight forward and completed by very friendly staff, as were all the staff throughout our stay.The room was on the 3rd floor (302) this room over-looked the gardens and a side view of the service yard but this did not cause any problem's the room was a reasonable size with a king size bed and very clean as was the bathroom albeit the fixtures have lost their sparkle. As mentioned in other reviews bathrobes, slippers and a bed turn-down service is provided and bottled water placed on the night table's, the only down side to the room was no clock!!The pool areas and beach were spotlessly clean and plenty of sunbeds and parasols which the attendants would move to your desired location.The nine hole golf course is a challenge for all levels of golfers, 18 holes a cart and a set of hire clubs(callaway x18 irons&amp;woods) 380AED (£55.00) and i received a 20% off voucher for food and drink on the day of play. Whilst i enjoyed myself on the course my wife visited the spa and in her words&quot;Absolutely fantastic&quot;The first restaurant we tried was La Triviata, we ate the followingTomato bisque soup(excellent)Pennie pasta(very good)Fillet steak(superb, cooked as requested)Tiramisu and icecreambottle of wine, water and coffee,the total bill 455aed (£65.00)The next restaurant was the White Orchid(Asian) mostly Thai we had spring rolls and satay chicken starters,hot and sour soup our main course, spicy beef in black bean sauce and dessert was ice cream and cheesecake, gin&amp;tonic pimms, wine, water and coffee the total bill 465aed(£66.00) all the food was excellent. We tried the Shooters restaurant and paid something similar to the previous restaurants whilst the food was well prepared it was distinctly average.Overall we were very impressed with the hotel and its facilities and would have no hesitation reccomending the hotel to friends and family.	
Nov 30 2006	Good Experience but not a 5 Star	Having read the numerous reviews of this resort before we visited, I was quite worried that the hotel would be very run-down. This wasn't the case but I would say that the rooms were not what I would consider 5 star.We had a standard sea view room which was fairly small. It was spotlessly clean though and kept well supplied with fresh towels daily etc and nice Elemis toiletries. I don't however expect to have a hand held shower attachment in somewhere billed as a 5 star!The staff at the hotel are excellent - from the pool attendants, to the waiters, to the reception, they cannot be faulted on their helpfulness. A nice touch was the turndown service in the evening when you also got complimentary bottled water. Please do tip the staff, they don't get paid much and do a great job - the service won't suffer if you don't tip from what I saw but I do think they deserve it. We had told the hotel it was our wedding anniversary during our stay and they sent us up a bottle of (good) champagne, strawberries and stuffed dates which was a lovely surprise.We ate at a few of the restaurants - La Traviata (Italian), Sports Cafe, White Orchid (Oriental), and Shooters (steakhouse) - all of them were excellent and we felt very reasonably priced. The Ibn Majid coffee house was excellent for breakfast but very disappointing on the couple of nights that we had dinner there - a very limited selection for example on 'curry night' they only had a seafood curry or a vegetable curry - not great!!The beach is stunning and spotless, and there are plenty of loungers and brollies. There are three large pools, again plenty of loungers - we never struggled to get a sunny spot (apart from the weekend - see below!), which made a nice change from the caribbean where people were up at 730am to 'reserve' their beds!The hotel also provides some free activities such as the banana boat, boat trip, camel rides - we didn't take advantage of these but it was a nice bonus that they were available. We also used the free shuttle to go to the Emirates Mall - but be warned - it was a bit of a free for all! We opted for taxis after that - which are pretty reasonable at between 75-90 dirham each way.A few downsides for the hotel (for us) were - firstly you can only use the spa facilities ie the steam room, sauna etc if you are having treatments. Having visited other 'spa' resorts these were always available to guests even if they were not having treatments so that was a slight disappointment. Also the resort got pretty busy over the weekend (Fri/Sat) due to 'club' members having use of the facilities - queues for tables at lunchtime, lack of sunbeds etc, but it quietened down again after the weekend.One tip - if you are arriving early bring your beachwear! We arrived at the hotel at 830am and were told our room would be ready around 2 - not great after an overnight flight. We had emailed the hotel previously and had been told that early checkin had been requested for us but this didn't happen. One last thing - visit the Burj Al Arab! We went for their 'indulgent afternoon tea' on our wedding anniversary. It was a delight! Champagne and fruit, followed by tiny sandwiches and rolls, and then a selection of gorgeous pastries and petits fours - the hotel even made us a special cake for our anniversary! We were booked in the Sahn Eddar lounge and had a great table with a view over the beaches and a front row seat for the fountains/firetorches and lightshow which took place as it went dark - a great experience!All in all Dubai is lovely for a relaxing week at the beach, good food and a bit of shopping. Culture buffs may be bored, or have to go further afield!	
Nov 29 2006	Truly Fantastic...!!!	I just got back from Dubai over a week ago (November 19th 2006) It was simply amazing! Dubai was the obvious destination to celebrate our 1-year anninversary since becoming an item. We chose Jebel Ali Golf Resort &amp; Spa after checking out their website.... it looked absolutely gorgeous! From the moment we arrived at the hotel to point of leaving, we enjoyed every moment. The staff were the best i've ever seen at any hotel. They always make a point of speaking to you... When i was lounging by the pool, one of the pool staff got me magazines to read. They were sooooo friendly.... Even when ordering room service.... the food was with me within 10/15 minutes!! The hotel has amazing access to the beach (which goes on for miles) and swimming pools.... I also enjoyed dining at the different restaurants at the resort and the best bit was an out shisha garden to the side of the hotel entrance.... its holds several beatufully designed lanterns and arabian rugs... my boyfriend and i managed to take some beautiful pics there and enjoyed mint tea and apple flavour shisha whilst relaxing back on the comfy cushioned sofas. I would definately return to the Jebel Ali Golf Resort &amp; Spa. My only advice to people is, don't stay there if you your trip to Dubai is for shopping purposes. This is because the hotel is just over an hour from Dubai's gold souk and Meena Bazar... its about a 25 minute drive to The Mall of the Emirates and Ski Dubai..... other than that the hotel is simply beautiful and the hospitality you receive deserves an award.Anisha - London UK	
Nov 21 2006 	Loved everything about it!	I stayed at this hotel for ten days. I've been here before, and I love everything about the hotel and Dubai! The staff is really nice, the food is great and the hotel rooms are incredible.I stayed at The Palm Tree Court, whice is a part of Jebel Ali. Jebel Ali has it own beach and three big swimming pools! If you want to go on holiday to Dubai, choose Jebel Ali hotel! All I can say about this hotel is: FANTASTIC!	
Oct 29 2006 	Still the best!	It's been nearly ten years since we've visited Dubai where we last stayed at the Jebel Ali Golf Resort. This time it came down to a flip of a coin to stay here again or go to The Royal Mirage in Dubai instead.In the end we plumped for the Palm Tree Court &amp; Spa located within the Jebel Ali resort. We stayed for 7 nights from 21st October 2006. We had a wonderful time and we were so pleased that we opted for the Palm Tree Court. The beach was terrific with plenty of white sand bordered by wide grass verges and palm trees with hidden pool bars and restaurants. The service, accomodation, food and cleanliness was superb. It is still without doubt the last true hotel resort in Dubai. Although the journey to and from Dubai is further than other hotels, it is well worth the sacrifice. Especially when you can escape from the major building works in Dubai. We visited the Royal Mirage resort on this trip and although the hotel and pool grounds were very impressive, the beach, overlooking sky scrappers and the Jumeriah palm building works simply didn't match up to the tranquility and location of the Jebel Ali Resort. We're defininitely going back to Jebel Ali back even if it's not for another ten years!Mr &amp; Mrs J Addis, South Buckinghamshire	
Oct 29 2006 	Fantastic	We had high expectations of this holiday and were not let down. There was something for everyone, fantastic golf for my husband and son, horseriding for my daughter (pre book before travelling especially in school holidays as this facility is popular, it's also very reasonable compared to UK prices. Take riding boots with you) and an amazing beach for me to do absolutely nothing on.We stayed in 2 connecting std golf view rooms which , to be honest ,were more 4 star than 5 .They are nearing the need of a spruce up! If you place a lot of emphasis on accomodation you may well be dissapointed. However the beds were very comfotable ,the air con worked and the rooms were kept immaculately clean, thank you Dias! The hotel has numerous restaurants and we were impressed with the variety and quality of our meals. Our favourites were La Traviata ( Italian) and White Orchid (Asian Fusion). Make your reservations well in advance, all the restaurants are popular. We upgraded to half board in the UK and paid a suplement of £25 each, £100 total per day. This entitles you to eat only in the buffet each night, where we ate only once!. The hotel also offers you a credit of UAE120 per person (£20 approx) credit against meals taken in any of the other restaurants, you pay only for drinks (which also applies in the buffet) We were surprised then,, that including drinks, our total bill on average was UAD600 (£90 approx) However because we had paid the half board supplement up front we were still liable for our drinks costs. The moral of the story is it's cheaper to go on a BB basis. The beach is stunning. Pure white sand leading to a sea as warm as a bath. I can normally be found inching my way into cold seas and pools so it was lovely to just melt into the sea. At night they groom the beach to perfection, it certainly gets hoovered more than my carpets at home! There is a warm breeze that blows all day from the sea to to the hotel which makes the climate at this time of year near to perfect. The sun beds are plentiful and because the grounds are vast you have plenty of personal space. The only exception to this is the sun beds around the pools went quickly, in the main and understandably to parents with younger children .Watersports on the beach include banana boat rides, doughnut rides, UAD25 (£4approx) per go! great value as the rides seem to go on for ages. The safety is good , all riders wear life jackets and helmets. Also available is kayaks, water ski-ing and windsurfing.We did one trip which was to hire our own driver and 4x4 to go dune bashing. We didn't want to do the all day tour and so went for the morning only. The concierge organised it for us and the tour comapny, Arabian Adventures were happy to oblige. It cost us £120 and was well worth the money. It's surprising how enjoyable being driven down steep sand dunes at almost verticle angles can be!The staff were, in general, great. You need never get off your sunbed if you wished. They had quiet electric modified golf carts touring the grounds taking orders for drinks. The food at the 2 beach restaurants was great and the swim up bars in two of the 3 pools were fantastic.There is a lot of building work well away from the hotel, which you are never aware of. The draw of the Jebel Ali Beach reosrt is its remoteness from hustle and bustle. It has a very serene atmosphere which we found totally relaxing. This may change as we were informed they are planning an airport to feed the Jebel Ali area ( Jebel Ali Palms is due for completion around April 07). On driving to the hotel it is clear to see the vast scale of construction going on which at some point will catch up to the Jebel Ali zone. For this reason we will return, sooner rather than later, to this hotel.	
Oct 17 2006 	perfect place	We had a 6 day stay in Dubai at the Jebel Ali Hotel. The hotel is situated about 30 minutes outside of Dubai but this just added to its attraction. The hotel was exceptionally clean with our room being cleaned twice a day, with a evening turn down service which included a bottle of water and your bed turned down.There are several different restaurants ranging from far eastern to Italian and sports bar to flame grill. The hotel has its own private beach and 3 swimming pools, 2 of which have there own bar, what a way to relax.This hotel is a must for anyone who wants a relaxing holiday in fabulous surroundings.The only problem was 6 days just was not enough.	
Sep 25 2006 	Not a five star resort - more like three star	We booked a week at the Jebel Ali for our honeymoon. I am sorry to say that we are very disappointed with the overall holiday for a number of reasons.  Firstly, I find it hard to believe that this hotel is rated as five star. It certainly does not compare to any other five star hotel we’ve stayed in and this despite the fact the Dubai is marketed as a hub for five star hotels. The hotel is in dire need of a total refurbishment. As you can imagine we particularly wanted a special hotel as this trip was our honeymoon. The room was very small and the furniture was old and battered as if it not been replaced since 1981 when the hotel was opened. The decor was very dated and shabby. The carpet was filthy and smelt musty and was stained to such an extent that it was uncomfortable to walk in bare feet. The bathroom was cleaned well but everything in it also needed to be replaced. It was not even of a sufficiently high standard to have a bath as the bath was old and marked. The tiles and sink and WC were of a similarly low standard. Having said that the staff working at the hotel are all friendly and efficient. On the night we arrived we were expecting to stay in a non-smoking room with a king size bed as requested and confirmed. Neither of these requests were delivered. We spent the first night in a smoking room which was even dingier than the non-smoking room to which we transferred the next day. We had to make do with two beds pushed together for the duration of our honeymoon. We weren’t made aware of just how remote this hotel is from everywhere! There is a shuttle bus but this does not actually go to the city at night. And it costs 50 euro for a return trip by taxi. We were told it would only cost approximately 10 euro each way when booking the trip. Apart from the unexpected expense for taxis, it takes 1.5 hours in the evening to reach the city making a total journey time of at least three hours to reach any nice restaurants and bars.  The isolation of the hotel was compounded by the limited choice of decent restaurants in the resort. The restaurants in the main hotel were as dated and jaded as the room. There were a couple of nice restaurants in the sister resort but the prices for alcohol were outrageous even by Dubai standards. I suppose they have a captive market. We feel short changed in that we booked a holiday sold as a luxurious getaway to a fabulous five star resort but the resort was neither luxurious nor fabulous.	
Sep 25 2006 	what a place	Just returned after a wonderfull, romantic honeymoon. Had orginally booked sea view room at Jebel Ali hotel. Had concerns due to arriving early at hotel ( 8:00am) due to flight times and that room would not be ready until 2:00pm (see previous reviews). E-mailed hotel prior to arriving informing them of this and that we were on honeymoon and could they arrange for the room to be available? On arrival at Hotel found they had upgraded us free of charge to Palm Court Junior suite!!!What a suite!!! blew us away. The hotel had arranged a bottle of champaigne and a dozen roses, which were lovely (wife in tears).The suite itself was huge, spotlessly clean, walk in shower, huge bath, my wife loved this and the scented bath roses.The hotel complex was excellent, pools very clean, really loved the pool bar. Beach was spotless, the sea was like having a hot bath, wonderfull.Allthough the hotel was quite a way from Dubai they had enough restaurants there with different themes and w ide choice of food. The hotel also provided free transport to different locations ie shopping malls etc. The service was first class, from all the staff. Will definately return, a wonderfull experience.	
Sep 22 2006 	Superb hotel	Stayed in this hotel from 14th/21st September 2006 with my wife to celebrate her 50th birthday. Right from the word go I was impressed with the hotel. I contacted them some 4 months before travelling and informing them of the reason for the holiday and they said they would provide a birthday cake on the day for free. We duly arrived and was impressed with the concierge and reception. Arrived before check in and was given the freedom of the hotel etc. Went to our room in the early afternoon and on opening the door there was a bottle of champagne, fruit and flowers in the room along with a card congraulating my wife on her birthday (from the hotel manager). What a start to the holiday and the standard did not drop. The room attendant made sure our room was spotless every day, turning down the beds, providing 2 free bottles of water daily and putting our slippers by the bed. The breakfast room was first class with a tremendous display of food for all tastes. The beach, pool area was spotless and the free towels and loungers were ideal. I liked the drinks caddy cart making sure a drink was only minutes away. All the restaurants although a little on the pricey side were superb and the service first class. Facilities throughout the hotel and outside were great, golf was good and so too were the water sports. If you want a hotel that offers first class services, food and facilities then I would recommend this one. It may be a short taxi ride from the city but it is quite and out of the way, however nothing takes too long to reach. The building work off shore is not a problem just a small amount of noise, there was more noise coming from the flapping of the sails of the para sailing boat tethered on the shore. (Birthday cake arrived as promised also).Don't be put off by negative reviews of this hotel it is a superb hotel with very pleasant staff and superb food.	
Sep 19 2006	What a magnificent hotel!	It is really difficult to fully express the pleasure enjoyed in this fantastic hotel. Played golf, swam, dined, took local toors...all fantastic. Golf was wonderful, especially as some very major players had played earlier on this year. (Tiger Woods, Darren Clarke for example. Plenty of reviews on television in room). Had to delay golf due to heavy mist, booked for 7.10 in the morning, but mist didn't clear until after 8.30. Played nine holes, with ride-on buggy included in price. Tip. Bring own glove, as the club can slip due to heat. No problem hiring clubs, and they are of a good standard. Meals were fantastic. Dined in La Fontana buffet-style, very good value. Took courtesy bus to Shooters, wonderful steak. Amazing to have your meal overlooking a shooting range! Coffee shop is wonderful place for mid-day snack. Try the club sandwich, as good as a full course meal. Bars were very relaxed, but dress code is observed all the time, as well as in the restaurants. Rooms were very good, overlooking the sea. Everything you would expect was in the room, from slippers to bath robe to complenentary water in the evening to well-stocked mini-bar. Breakfast was an absolute delight, the only problem what to choose! A special chef was always on hand to cook your eggs as you liked, omelette, scrambled or just fried. Staff were very attentive, especially those entrusted with the very high standard of maintaining your room. Bateaux Dubai is a wonderful treat, as is the safari to the desert. Both booked locally from the hotel, and you are picked up and dropped off at the hotel. Take a trip to the shopping malls, again complimentary transport, but allow plenty of time. They are much bigger when you get inside! The beach has to be seen to be believed. Spotlessly clean, and groomed every morning. The grounds around the hotel are also spotless. You can hear a little grumble every now and then from the offshore building work, but in no way is it obtrusive or does it detract from your enjoyment. If I had to pick any bad point about the hotel, it is the fact that it is a long way to the city. If you wanted to sample other delights of Dubai, it would certainly entail a taxi, as, apart from the carting track, the horse-riding, the shooting galery and the golf course, there is nothing around the hotel to occupy your self. The heat is quite stiffling, even at night, but there is a wonderful breeze from the sea. The sea itself has to be experienced, as it is so spotlessly clean, and not cold at all. Take a trip, relax, enjoy yourself at this wondrous location. You will not be sorry.	
Sep 19 2006 	Cant wait to go back	Stayed at the Jebel Ali Palm Tree Suite end of August...The best rooms i have ever stayed in... and they were huge...Everything about this hotel is EXCELLENT, the staff, the grounds, the pools, beach, food... etc etcAn oasis away from the hustle and bustle of Dubai City life...Cant wait to go back again...	
Sep 12 2006 	Fab!	I have stayed in this hotel for the last three years in a row and what a beautiful hotel with wonderful grounds, such pretty gardens and lovley animals such as beautiful birds, peacocks, camels and lovley streams, ponds and 5 star Beach. Excellent choice of bars and restraunts with a wide selection of foods and wines to keep most people happy. The accomodation is fantastic both in golf view and sea view with daily cleaning and an evening turn down service and re supply the rooms with bottles of water.My only complaint would be the reception staff, they came accross very cold and un helpful and one would be nearly afraid to go near them at times as they would'nt have the nicest attitude in the world, This year there was a party of six of us and the other two couples came to this hotel on our recomendation and found the same with the reception staff.Last year while my wife and i were on our honey moon we recieved a letter under our bedroom door asking us to put more money on to our hotel account as our credit was low, i found this to be highly insulting by asking us for money whilst trying to enjoy our holiday and honeymoon, however after complaining we recieved a bottle of Cabernet Sauvingon and a card to say sorry.All in all i think this is a wonderful hotel and i highly reccomend it for a honeymoon, Holiday. Hopefully the reception staff will get some training in customer service!Enjoy your trip.	
Sep 9 2006 	Absolutely wonderful	Stayed at the Palm Tree Court for 7 nights on 11th August. Had a seafront junior suite which was very spacious and overlooked the gardens and beach. Arrived early (8.00 a.m.) and our room was ready by 9.00 a.m. The service at the Palm Tree Court was excellent. Staff could not do enough for you. Our room attendance (Rajesh) was great and kept the room spotless. Bed linen was changed every day and towels twice a day. Wondering Elemis products in the bathroom. There was a bottle of wine in our room when we arrived plus fresh fruit and Arabian sweets.The beach was immaculate with plenty of sunbeds and towels. The pool was also immaculate with a swim up bar.The food was excellent, particularly the Japanese Restaurant. Charlie the Teppanyaki chef was fantastic (both cooking and for entertainment). La Fontana was buffet style for breakfast with everything you could think of and a different themed buffet every night. Also ate in the Italian at the Jebel Ali Hotel which was very good although the wine was very expensive at £25 per bottle.Used the complimentary shuttle bus to go the Mall of the Emirates. There are some great shops there plus Ski Dubai.The City Tour with Arabian Adventures is well worth doing and at a very reasonable price (AED 120).The temperature in August is hot (47) but bearable. Would definitely go back again but maybe when it is a bit cooler.This hotel is away from the main construction going on in Dubai but if you are just going to chill out this is the place to go. Would most definitely return again to the Palm Tree Court.	
Sep 7 2006 	Gorgous Hotel	I stayed at the Jebel Ali for two weeks from 7th August. The hotel is really nice; we stayed in a standard room with sea view. This wasn’t the best suite at the hotel but clean and comfortable with TV and mini bar facilities. I wouldn’t pay extra for a sea view as we paid £500 more and the view of the golf course is just as nice.The hotel is really out on it’s on in the middle of no where. However there is no building work near it and it has a fantastic beach and lots to do.We were going to book the Jumeriah Beach, but we drove past it one night and there was a huge crane literally outside it. The Jumeriah looks lovely and it is in a really good location however I couldn’t have coped with all that building work!My boyfriend and I aren’t ones to want to sit inside of the hotel 24/7 so we went out nearly every day. The nearest shopping mall to Jebel Ali is Ibn Battuta this is a six centre shopping mall in one. This cost us 40 dirham’s one way in a taxi, around £6.50 it is about 20 minutes away so we thought this was reasonable. To get right into the city it costs around 90 dirham’s and is about 40 minutes away. The hotel offers a bus service that you have to book and it only takes you to the Emirates Mall, which is the biggest shopping Mall in Dubai, you could take this and then get a taxi the rest of the way. However it only goes around 3 times per day.Be careful not to get ripped off by hotel taxis if possible call your own they are a lot cheaper!I would recommend that everybody who goes to Dubai to do the Jeep Safari as it is an excellent experience.The heat in Dubai was around 47 most days however it is bearable as everywhere is air conditioned!The hotel had a variety of restaurants however I would say they were slightly more expensive than UK prices. Therefore we used to go to pizza hut or to a restaurant in one of the shopping malls while we were out as they were slightly cheaper. A steak with chips is around £17 in the hotel and most food is not much cheaper, therefore if you have not booked yet I would recommend half board option as it would save you a lot of money!Alcohol is expensive; we made a mistake of not stocking up at the airport when we landed, as you cannot get hold of litre bottles anywhere. If you wanted to have a drink in your room before you went out a double vodka (miniature bottle) from the mini bar, by itself was 32 dirham’s which is about £5, then if you wanted a beer it was 27 dirham £3.90. Pepsi was 11 dirham’s, £1.50 per can. However on our second week we got clever as we started going to the supermarket and we stocked up on Pepsi, lemonade, crisps and chocolate to save us paying for it at the hotel. A can of Pepsi there is 0.14p a big difference, one dirham. So we used to put them in our bottom draw, take a cold one out of the mini bar and then replace it. We saved so much money the second week, so please take this as a tip and save yourself a fortune, as we were going through Pepsi by the minute!Other than that the hotel was brilliant, it is a very clean hotel and the staff are really nice.Also note that you CANNOT check into your room until 2pm, we arrived at 7am and had to sit and sleep in the lobby until 2pm. So if you land early, I would recommend that you speak to your travel agents and get them to arrange something!If you have any other questions please email me at sicilly17@yahoo.co.uk !	
Sep 1 2006	Absolutely fantastic	A TripAdvisor Member, ROCHDALE, LANCSWe have just returned from a 10-day holiday in the fabulous jebil Ali hotelWe booked a superior room on the 5th floor, worth every penny it lived up to all our expectations and more, there are far to many people to thank, but we will name a few, Beatrice, Moses, Clara, issacc, who are absolutely totally professional.We should also mention the hotel manager mark, also the front office manager Christina who took the time to speak to us personally at one of there get together cocktail evenings,Every restaurant we ate in was fantastic and memorable, entertainment in the piano bar and plantation bar was really good,We have stayed in many 5 star hotels all over the world, and this is defiantly in the top five.The beach, pools and spa areas were absolute luxury, Towels were issued daily for sunbathing.ROOMS- were spacious airy and spotless, our cleaner was impeccable, We were so blown away we have booked a returned for return visit next June for 17 nights.If you fancy a fabulous meal in Dubai city, head to the Dubai Hilton creek, veeres restaurant, a Gordon Ramsey gem,	
Aug 30 2006 	Fabulous place-going back next year!!!	Went to Jebel Ali on the 22nd August for 7 nights myself and my boyfriend and only back today and we are already getting ready to book it next year! Excellent hotel away from building work although you can hear now and again a slight sound from building work but only if you listen! Hotel cleanliness is absolutely amazing, food in the hotel is gorgeous expecially the &quot;La Fontana&quot; restaurant where you go for breakfast every morning (buffet style). Hotel staff are more than helpful and cannot do enough for you and this makes ure stay even better! we stayed in junior suite sea facing room and found it huge, really airy and great balcony!!! The beach that the hotel is on is absolutely spotless and the sea is like a warm bath with lots of lifeguards around the swimming areas. Myself and my boyfriend went to this hotel to relax and chill out and that is exactly what we did, But a week is not nearly enough if u want to see a good bit of Dubai so 2weeks would be perfect. If going to this hotel do the Jeep Safari, Bateaux Dubai cruise and the Wild Wadi Park-well worth it!!!! All in all we absolutely loved this hotel and will be definitely going back next year.	
Aug 25 2006 	great hotel	Just returned from this great hotel, having been there for 14 nights.It was the third time we have stayed there.As always we had a fabulous time, however this time there were several inaccuracies with our bills, twice at the pool bars ,twice at the sports club, once at Hatta hotel , twice mini bar and twice at the reception, we were over charged by considerable amounts each time so I would advise you carefully check receipts and bills as mistakes seem to happen a bit too often! Having said that we had a great stay and it was the only negative about our holiday and we shall certainly visit again soon.	
Aug 20 2006	Expensive	I stayed in this hotel for two weeks, nice hotel but food and drink very expensive, hotel very isolated, the hotel runs a free daily bus to the city and back but not enough for the amount of people trying to use this service, so you book early, bars and restaurants in the hotel were lovely but be advised that they are all formal dress?? ( not ideal for a holiday with kids ) staff were lovely, just bring loads of money	
Aug 20 2006 	Excellent hotels rooms and service	We have just got back from this great hotel after celebrating your silver wedding anniversary there. we stayed in the Palm Tree Court Hotel which was absolutely great. The rooms were good and very large and the staff were very attentive, nothing was too much trouble. The bath robes and slippers were useful and they came in every night to turn down the beds and leave more water for you, which in that heat was very gratefully accepted. The shuttle bus was very good but it only cost 70 dirhams if you missed the bus or as happened to us the bus broke down coming back from the mall. went on a city tour which was excellent to see all the sites, the souks, the mosques and the markets but the weather was very hot and sticky (we had the hottest day of the year when we were there) but everybody was so nice. The price of drinks is very dear, at least £20 for a bottle of wine but in that heat water is the better option. Even though we booked the holiday with a travel agent we upgraded the room with the hotel by email which was far cheaper than by the travel agent and we had some nice touches, a lovely floral display for the anniversary, a bottle of wine, arabic sweets and fruit which was very nice. The spa was very good and very relaxing. my husband played golf once in that heat but the facilities were great and they come to collect you from your room with the clubs on a golf cart and bring you back. The shopping malls are good, the Ibn Batutta Mall seemed to have the best prices but the Mall of the Emirates is a must if only to see Ski Dubai. we had a lovely meal in the Lebanese resturant overlooking the ski slopes and on that occassion the wine was dearer than the food. The beach was so clean and the loungers were really great but with 65% himidity it was hard to sit out. so next time we return it will have to be in cooler times, February or November seem good and then we can perhaps eat out in the lovely resturants that are outside. Don't miss the buffet breakfat in the hotel it is really good it serves everything you can wish for to eat for breakfast.	
Aug 17 2006 	Losing it's shine.	So this was our second visit to the Jebel Ali, the last 2 years ago and has it changed.My first report was glowing about the facilities and the views from the beach.Now we have a 'tired' looking building, including the Palm Court and the beachscape is dominated by the construction that is The Palms, Jebel Ali.Whilst the staff are still attentive and helpfull there is need for attention to public areas and a lick of paint.The beach, whilst trying to remain idylic now shows the signs of new tidal flows and the rubbish that that brings. These were not there 2 years ago.We have never been fans of 'staying put' in any hotel in the world we visit so cannot fully comment on the resturant, but the prices for drinks are very much higher than before. Check out an iced tea at the pool bar!I also notice that the bus service has changed quite a bit and does not complete the city loop as it used to. Shame really because many people used this to see Dubai. Taxis out to the hotel whilst being plentiful are expensive, in distance terms so again be aware when considering the hotel.So did we have a good time? Yes. Would we stay at the Jebel Ali again. Well sadly no, having returned and been disappointed then we would 'sacrifice' the tranquility and move closer to the city. Remember, next door to the hotel will be the Dubai Marina developement, the Palms and not far away a new International airport.OK it's progress but at a severe cost.	
Aug 15 2006 	Oasis away from the construcion	Dubai is a very busy destination, having stayed in the Jumeriah area before we wanted somewhere they have finished building Downtown is construction city, Yet 30 minutes away is the Jebel Ali hotel.Good resturants, great team of staff. all wanting to help and exceed on the service.Nice touches including preparing the beds in the evening and delivering water to your roomWhilst slightly old fashioned, the hotel has great grounds including Peacocks and a golf course, Horses, shooting and choice of swimmng pools, as well as the excellant beach.Having just come back, the August heat can be hard work, but the large relaxing areas on the beach, coupled with the pools to cool down and of course the chilled water is delivered to you on your sun lounger.Evenings do not cool much below 30 degrees, indoor Air conditioned resturants and the bus service to the massive air conditioned malls are the ideal way to spend the evenings.Ideal for a one week relaxing holiday	
Aug 13 2006 	amazing place pure paradise	we have just returned from a week's holiday in the Jebel Ali Hotel and really need to tell anyone thinking of going to Dubai that this is the place to go. not only is it an absolutely beautiful resort but the staff are extremely friendly and professional. The resort is situated about 40 minutes from the city, which was ideal as there is a lot of construction going on in Dubai at the moment so it was nice to be away from that. The hotel also run a courtesy bus to the city at certain times which was an added bonus. The hotel grounds were so well looked after as were the pool areas. The restaurants in the hotel served beautiful food and some of the restaurants have themed buffet nights, which included Indian night, seafood night, italian night etc. which was good value for money. the nightly entertainment was low key but the 2 girls and man playing in the plantation bar in the lobby were entertaining.I have travelled to many countries and stayed at many hotels but i can safely say that this hotel stands out as the best i have ever been too. Top class in every way. Enjoy. I cant wait to come back there!	
Aug 11 2006	Fabulous Jebel Ali	Spent four lovely says at this resort, everything about it was excellent, room very good. Didn,t matter that it was 30minutes away from Dubai there was no need for us to leave the resort . there is a courtesy Shuttle bus 4 times aday to Dubai. The restaurants at the resort were excellent. Very quiet unlike alot of the resorts in Dubai we shall certainly return there. The grounds are very inviting there are plenty of sun loungers!!	
Aug 11 2006 	Absolutely fantastic	We have recently returned from Dubai and the Jebel Ali, it was a surprise holiday booked for my wife's birthday and a friend’s exam success. We chose the hotel on the strengths of the reviews from this site and also because it was away from the main building work. I have to say that the Jebel Ali exceeded our expectations.We arrived and were upgraded to the Palm Tree Court, WOW, the rooms were amazing, very spacious and well fitted, surrounded by palm trees and running water, very luxurious.From the moment we arrived the staff could not do enough for you, from the reception staff to the pool and bar staff they are excellent.We ate in a different restaurant every night and were not disappointed by any of them, there is a good choice of food and it is all very good quality and not too expensive.The drinks menu is good, cocktails for the girls and at certain times half price drinks during the happy hours well worth finding out the times.I played golf with my mate while we were out there, having watched the TV in the room to see that Tiger Woods frequents this course it was a must! We are both amateur golfers but this did not concern anybody, we hired clubs, got our buggy and we were off, given complimentary water, apple and an ice cold towel(much needed). I was treated better on this course by the staff than any course in England where quite often you get looked down on.The girls used the Spa and were again treated like royalty by the staff, with stunning views to look at while relaxing and the whole luxury experience I am surprised they came out!Anybody who wants to go to Dubai, you will not go wrong booking this hotel, make sure you visit the WildWadi water park and the Mall of the Emirates which is open everyday from 10am. The development did not put us off at all and I would go back tomorrow if I could	
Aug 11 2006 	first time in Duabi	we returned 3 weeks ago from our honeymoon that began with 4 nights in Dubai at the Jebel Ali. We were greeted at the airport by friendly staff, who gave me a single rose and found our own private vehicle and driver to transfer us. At first we were driving through Duabi a litte concerned by all the building and development etc but neednt have worried due to the fab location of the hotel, although a little out of the city itself (30 mins) the hotel provided an excellent service with a complimentary bus running day and night. The rooms and service were excellent from the staff and my new husband and myself were stopped on the stairs one day, just while they asked how we were!!!!! V nice.Towels were issued daily for sunbathing and the choice of 3 pools were excellent. We returned to our rooms to find the staff had done something different each time, either to clean, bring daily papers or pull the bed sheets back and provide fresh water.This hotel made our stay even more pleasurable and the people in general were so friendly, we would definately return one day.Mr &amp; Mrs Huseyin 11.08.06	
Aug 6 2006	Jebel Ali - Great Value	Spent 3 nights at the Jebel Ali Resort with my seven year old daughter.Arrived at Dubai airport around 5am and after grabbing some bottles of water and soft juice from duty free - only 1 dirham each - we caught a taxi to the Jebel Ali.The taxi ride took about 50 mins and cost 110 dirhams.Reception staff we very welcoming and informed us that we had been upgraded to the Palm Tree Court within the resort. Check in time is 2pm but our room was available immediatlely which was great. These rooms are classed as suites - very large rooms - around 60sqm with super king size bed and large sofa bed. The room was clean but not as modern as other hotels on Jumeriah beach but the prices reflect this.The bathroom is spotless and large with walk in shower. We were on half board option and the restaurants had good choice but on reflection we would have been better off on the bed and breakfeast option.The garden and beach area is vast with loads of comfy sun loungers. The pools were busier but I could always find a chair.I found all staff very friendly, efficient but not overbearing.My daughter only went to the Kids Club for a few hours one afternoon. She enjoyed it and liked the staff - she did some arts and crafts things then went for a ride on the hotel camel on the beach.Overall this resort is great value for money. Not as luxurious as other hotels on Jumeriah Beach but then again it doesn't have the same price tag.	
Jul 31 2006	Amazing Stay	We have just returned from a week in Dubai celebrating my husband's 50th birthday. I had booked the Jebel Ali on a recommendation from my travel agent to avoid the building chaos that is Dubai and we were not disappointed. We arrived at the hotel around 7.00am feeling a little tired and checked in. I had emailed the hotel previously to ensure that they knew it was a surprise trip for my husband (he only found out on the Saturday we travelled!). The staff were more than helpful and had upgraded us to the Executive Superior Suite!! Wow this was fantastic and more than I had dreamed would happen. We were shown to our room straightaway and it was beautiful and very clean. The room attendant was very helpful and we had abundance of clean bedding, towels and water everyday and had fruit and a bottle of wine sent to our room on the first day too and on my husband's birthday a lovely cake delivered in the afternoon. We also had access to a beautiful area on the 5th floor where you could have a cold buffet style breakfast and afternoon tea/coffee and snacks around 4.00pm and you were treated extremely well by the very attentive staff. We spent most of our time by the pool/beach during the day and then took the opportunity in the afternoon to travel in to Dubai either using the courtesy bus (which you need to book in advance!) or the Wafi City bus which left the hotel everyday at 4.00pm. This meant that you could go a little further in to the town and therefore the taxi trip was cheaper, although they are really cheap anyway around 40 to 50 Dhs (around 6.7 Dhs to the £), but if you travelled further afield it was around 90 to 100 Dhs, but very comfortable. The weather was very hot whilst we were there 40 to 42 degrees with a humidity level of around 70% so we spent most of our time either in taxis, shopping malls (of which there are plenty!) or hotel restaurants. The highlight of our trip was I had booked a surprise meal at the Burj Al Arab Al Mahara restaurant as my husband loves seafood. We were not disappointed the service and food were very good although VERY expensive, but I decided it was the experience I was paying for and the memories for my husband who was speechless when the limo I had booked pulled into the Burj (although not right to the front as they are having repairs done to the Fountain at the entrance and the limo would not fit!!!) so we were transported the rest of the way in a golf buggy not quite how I had pictured our arrival!. All in all the city is amazing and although there is a lot of building work going on you are not affected by this at all. The Jebel is a tranquil oasis in the desert and I would highly recommend a stay there. Yes I would agree that the main hotel is a little dated in places (particularly the breakfast room) but they keep it very clean. The 3 hotel pools are fab with two swim up bars (they are also building another pool area so there will soon be four!). Lots of sunbeds so no fighting, but people still saved spaces as there are very good shaded areas by the main hotel pool which were taken up quickly in the early mornings. We found the beach area was much nicer as there was a warm breeze blowing on most days which although not cooling did make the sunbathing more bearable. Sandstorm in the desert on the last 2 days meant we could not do the dune safari so we will definitely have to go back!! Overall our holiday was fantastic and this was made more memorable by our stay at the Jebel Ali. The Palm Court is lovely and I am sure having read other reviews would have more up to date rooms, but we could not not fault the main hotel at all both from restaurant choices to the wonderful grounds, friendliness of the staff and marina.	
Jul 28 2006 	best holiday ive ever benn to!	It has only been a week since i came back from my hlidays in Dubai and I thought jebel ali is a great place to relax..you dont have to travel to go to the beach it right actually in the hotel!!i spent most of my time there!! the inclusive breakfest buffet is brilliant,its anything and everything you could ask for what ever you like eating.the staff ar so friendly and make you feel at ease and at home even though it is an islamic country they dont mind bikinis around the hotel but not roaming around town(would not reccomend that!)and the tours we went on were great and teh water park wild wadi is a must. The only problem i found with the hotel which was not really an issue with me but could be with ohters is that it is a 30-40 minute drive from the city or an hour from the airport, but that makes it great for couples who want some quiet. there are three great swiming pools one, two of which have a bar in them!!! and he water sports at the beach is great fun(i reccomend the banana bot!!) great fun! i would recoomend this hotel to everyone from families to people thet like there quiet.	
Jul 23 2006	Jebel Ali Golf and Spa resort - real oasis	My husband and I stayed at the Jebel Ali at the end of June06 and we absolutely loved it !! It was hot, but the rest was great !!They came and prepared our bed for the night making us feel like king and queen !! It was a treat !!	
Jul 17 2006	So good great for golfers	As a keen golfer I loved this place, great service they collected me at my room with my clubs, they then stroed them over at the course. You get a complimentary golf cart when you play and the course attendant comes out to you with bottles of water and wet towels. Great service and reasonable about 100drs for a round of 18 holes. Loved itThe hotel was lovely picturesque and again great service. the construction off shore did not bother us one bit the whole of dubai is a building site this place was far from that.We hired a car at the airport which gave us the freedom to explore the city. The roads are well signposted and i found most drivers to be courteous and did not find it at all challenging.Go there you wont be disappointed but consider a hiring a car it makes airport transfers easier and lets you explore the malls and the city without having to clockwatch on courtesy buses.	
Jul 9 2006	Perfect Resort To Escape To	My partner and I have just returned from a fantastic 6 day break at the Jebel Ali Golf Resort &amp; Spa. I picked this hotel based on the historical glowing reviews on here and I was not disappointed. The resort is set approximately 40 minutes from Dubai airport and twenty minutes from the Jumeirah Beach area and I have to say that passing through Jumeirah and seeing the mass construction activity I was certainly glad we did not opt to stay in that area. Photographs on travel brochures depicting the hotels in this region are carefully shot to avoid the looming 40 storey tower blocks being construncted literrally straight behind them and create, in my opinion, a somewhat misleading image of the environment there. The only excpetions here are the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, Madinat Jumeirah and Burj Al Arab which are not overshadowed.The Jebel Ali Hotel is the only real resort that I saw in Dubai and it is set away from the noise of Jumeirah, standing alone on an ideallic stretch of white beach bordered by lush tropical gardens and the expansive golf course. The grounds are meticulously maintained and create a real haven for us tourists with a vast variety of restaurants, pools, bars and facilities so that nothing is too far out of reach. Food is varied in theme and of a high quality throughtout all the restaurants I ate in and priced fairly reasonably for a five star hotel (i.e not cheap but not as expensive as Jumeirah). The hotel in total is absoluely immaculate with no dirt or litter anywhere to be seen at any time and the room (standard sea view - v nice) was cleaned daily to an incredibly high standard by friendly and courteous staff who could not do enough for you (a feature throughout the hotel). The evening visit to turn back your bed covers and place slippers and complimentary bottles of water in the room is a nice touch.The hotel operates a courtesy bus 5 times a day starting at 10.00am and returning at 11.00pm which stops at IBM Battuta Mall (great place to eat and shop), The Mall Of The Emerates (huge arena mall with all the western chain stores but no cheaper than UK), the Gold &amp; Diamiond Mall and Wild Wadi (an absolute must do for any age group!). This stops the hotel feeling remote and provides a cheaper alternative for evening meals and shopping up until midnight on some nights.The construction of the Jebel Ali Palm is ongoing however this seems to still be in the early stages and the work tends to generate little noise during the day and the odd rumble in the evening. This certainly did not cause us a disturbance in any way and the birdsong throughout the complex is louder (especially from the odd resident peacock). As work continues on the Palm the noise may become more of a concern once buildings start to be constructed however this looks like a long way off to me.All in all, I am glad we chose this hotel over one in the Jumeirah Beach locality. Not only was it keenly priced, but the location and facilities made it a fantastic place to chill out and relax in the glorious weather. I will definetly return and would recommend this hotel to others most highly as a pleasant and informal five star getaway.	
Jul 1 2006	Great hotel	We stayed at the Palm Beach spa resort which is part of the Jebil Ali hotel and stayed in the Jasmine suite which was lovely. The Jasmine suites entitled us to some freebies the best one being the free cocktail hour every evening. We were served champagne, wines, spirits or cocktails of our choice which made a great saving as alcohol is expensive in Dubai. We also received a complimentary half hour massage at the spa and free transfers to and from the airport.Our room was directly on the beach and was huge as was the bathroom. Everything was lovely and clean in both the rooms and the resort. Food was good and not too expensive, though we did get free half board as we stayed there in June which is not really &quot;in season&quot; as such for Dubai due the heat (around 44c) every day.	
Jun 28 2006	Jebel Jewel	Have just completed a 5 night trip to Dubai staying in The Palm Court within the Jebel Ali Golf Resort and Spa.Our &quot;villa type room&quot; overlooking the Arabian Gulf was located in the most beautiful well-kept gardens where peacocks roamed freely. Numerous ponds and waterfalls added to the tranquility of this resort. The resort has three swimming pools all attended by lifeguards and have ample sunloungers (as does the white sand beach). There is a number of reasonably priced, good quality restaurants on-site, including the Sports Bar which has big screen tv's (a must during the world cup matches).The resort provides a complimentary bus service from the hotel to various points within the city. We found this to be a most practical way of getting around.The room was bright, spacious and clean with maid service 2x daily. Complimentary wine, chocolates and fruit were a welcome surprise.The Spa area was luxurious and welcoming and offered a wide variety of treatments etc.We found the award winning golf course to be a great challenge particularly in the soaring temperatures.All the staff we had contact with were courteous,friendly and highly professional.All in all we would recommend this resort to anyone looking for a relaxing retreat away from the hustle, bustle and constant building work which makes up Dubai.	
Jun 26 2006	Fantastic Hotel	Myself and my husband have just returned from a 7 night stay at the jebel ali hotel and we had a fantastic time. The service and location could not be faulted... it was money well spent. We booked the Jebel Ali for its location and after reading all the reviews on this site.To begin - we arrived at the airport around 8:30am and had arranged private transfers to take us to the hotel. It took about 40mins to reach the hotel but we drove through Sheik Zayed rd and past the Burj al Arab on the way..We arrived at the hotel and after checking in, was told our room wont be ready until 2pm. Was a little disappointed because after a overnight flight I just wanted to shower and change into something more comfortable, but they did upgrade us to halfboard (free). My husband decided to take a swim while waiting for the room. The rooms were nice and perfectly sized. We had a golf view room and all rooms have balconys. The beach is wonderful and clean and the sea is just perfect, we went swimming nearly everyday and you also have 2 fresh water pools with swim up bars (practically empty most of the time - great for relaxing) and 1 sea water pool to chose from. There is a lot to do, camel rides, shooting club, Henna, karting and so much more (however horse riding was not available) There was some work going on but it didnt other us and you could see the palm construction in the distance and you could also watch the football at club Jumeriah. The hotel also has a free bus service to a couple of malls and the wild wadi. You can get your wild wadi tickes from the hotel, it will cost about £22 (a must see and its right next door to the burj). It also takes you to the Mall of emirates where ski Dubai is located. We had dinner at the Burj in an underwater resturant even though this was well expensive it was worth it, we got to look around the hotel and go on a submarine ride (I still think it was s simulator- but who cares) still a wonderful experience . We also went to the gold &amp; spice souk- But to get here you would need to get the free bus to the mall of emirates and then get a taxi- it will cost you about 60 AED- £10. I would also recommend the sand dunes for £40, everything is included (worth it!)The only thing I should mention is the price of alcohol, in Dubai its really pricey so make sure you put some money aside just for drinks!! Overall the weather was great, hotel was just perfect and there is so much to do. I will definatly return next year and would love to stay at the Jebel Ali again. We moved onto the Towers Rotana for two further nights after but that hotel was nothing compared to the Jebel ali. Hope you found my review helpful.	
Jun 25 2006	What a brilliant hotel	I booked the Jebel Ali Hotel as a surprise trip for my husband's 60th birthday. Before we went I had upgraded our room to a sea fronted one in the Palm Tree Court and Spa. The only slight down side to the start of our holiday was that we arrived at the hotel at 10.00 am in the morning. I had requested an early check-in but as the hotel was very busy this was not possible so we did not get into our room until the proper check in time of 2.00 pm. However, the staff were fantastic and gave us complimentary drinks in the foyer to keep us cool and we could use all the facilities of the hotel if we wanted. When we eventually were taken to our room we had been upgraded again to the Royal Jasmine Suite which entitled us to free snacks and soft drinks all day and a free bar for an hour in the evening, a butler, free transport back to the airport, a free massage etc. and a room with a huge balcony, fantastic view of the garden below, then the wonderful beach and the gulf and also al a carte breakfast in Signatures French restaurant. The room was beautiful, the bed huge and so comfortable, and absolutely spotless. The grounds of the hotel are immaculate and the peacocks wander round everywhere. The staff in the hotel are among the friendliest we have ever encountered in any hotel and we have had some brilliant staff in other hotels we have stayed in, nothing was too much trouble for them. The restaurants were beautifully set out and the food in every one of them was mouthwatering. Palm Jebel Ali is being built a short distance away but the noise is just like thunder rumbling in the distance and is not a problem, also when you are in your room with the windows shut no noise can be heard at all. Also another huge advantage is that although it is a 30 - 40 minute drive out of the City, there is no building work going on and apart from the odd rumble of thunder from the Palm Jebel Ali it is an oasis of calm. We didn't think any of the food was overpriced although wine is quite expensive. We also had afternoon tea at Burj al Arab in the Skyview Bar which was delicious. However, if I was going back again I would book the tea in the Atrium which is at the bottom of the hotel but has a much better view and is slightly more interesting that the Skyview Bar. We can't wait to go back to Dubai and we will definitely stay at Jebel Ali again as we can't praise the hotel highly enough.	
Jun 25 2006	If you want to relax then this is the place	My wife and i read the reviews before we went and were a bit concerned. We shouldnt have been!!!!!!From the collection at the airport (2330 and the driver was still polite and attentive) through to the organisation of our departure, the hotel staff could not have been better.We stayed at the Palm Tree Court and from the welcoming bottle of wine, chocolates and fruit through to the bath robes and slippers provided, this was every thing we expected of a 5star hotel.The beach was spotless, the pools never overcrowded, the restaurants were all top line and the service was superb.Whilst Dubai city is over 30 mins away by cab (organised from the front desk) this give you an opportunity to see the building work that is going on in the city?I would recomend afternoon tea at the Burj Al Arab (pricey at approx 400AED for two) if only to say &quot;I've been there&quot;If you want a beach holiday that gets you away from the bustle of city life, and dont mind a 30 min taxi ride to the night life (it only costs around £7.50) then the Palm Tree Court is the place to stay	
Jun 23 2006	Awesome	Firstly let me say this. Dubai is Awesome &amp; the Jebel Ali Golf Resort &amp; Spa is one of the best Hotels I have stayed in. We arrived 20/06/06 730am &amp; stayed for 6 nights, we asked in advance if we could have an early check in as you can’t get into your room till 2pm. The staff tried their best &amp; we were in by 12pm. The receptionist gave us free tea/coffee while we waited &amp; of course you have full use of the facilities while you wait; so pack your Speedo’s in your hand luggage. The Hotel itself is really nice; yeah it was probably built in the 70’s but its grand looking &amp; is beautifully decorated inside. Where ever you go the staff is cleaning something or another. The room is nicely decorated with bright fabrics, huge bed &amp; a gorgeous bathroom. The towels are thick &amp; fluffy although the bathrobes have been round the block a few times. There were fab Elemis products in the bathrooms which are replenished twice a day. The maids (mostly young men) clean the rooms every day &amp; come into your room at night to turn down your sheets, they even left bottles of water at the side of the bed with a label attached saying “sweet dreams”, a very nice touch. The Maids are really friendly &amp; greet you with the biggest smile you have ever seen, they make a great job of servicing the rooms &amp; genuinely want to make your holiday the best you’ve ever had. The hotel grounds are perfectly manicured with Peacocks roaming around the place. The swimming pools were gorgeous, the water nice &amp; warm with lifeguards keeping a close eye on the kids (&amp; adults). Every morning the lifeguards were out cleaning them &amp; leaving 2 neatly rolled beach towels on each bed **Do not take any towels with you, you won’t need them &amp; they just takes up luggage space** There are waiters driving round the pools on golf buggy’s taking orders for drinks which they will promptly bring back to your sun beds. We even had someone ask us if we wanted our sunglasses cleaned!! The beach is one of the best I've seen with gentle waves lapping the shoreline &amp; the sea is like stepping into a warm bath. The Hotel operates a shuttle bus into Dubai, it stops at the Ibn Mattua Shopping Mall (an ok kind of Mall), the Mall of the Emirates (Wow, Awesome Mall) &amp; the Gold &amp; Diamond Park (different to the Gold Souks, I think??) it departs 3 times a day, 12pm, 3pm &amp; 6pm, coming back latest 10pm (ish) I would definitely recommend going to the Mall of the Emirates, the place is really something with lots of shops you will recognise, like Debenhams, Next &amp; Zara. All the staff in the shops stop you &amp; say “Hi Mam How are you today”, it took a but of getting used to but it’s endearing. I would recommend you book yourselves on the bus in advance to ensure you get a seat; but saying that they will always bring out another bus if more people turn up. The journey is about 45 mins max into Dubai &amp; a taxi would cost about £10 each way so the bus is invaluable. Dubai it self is a construction site on a massive scale, while travelling around there are billboards advertising new developments, skyscrapers flying up left right &amp; centre, this didn’t put us off as the buildings are beautiful &amp; the place will be amazing when it is finished. While your there I would recommend you visit the Madinat Jumerah hotel, it’s like an Aladins cave, lots of little alley ways with different shops, lots of bars &amp; waterways running right through it. It’s beautiful. We also took a Dune safari trip, you drive into the desert about an hour away, they deflate the Jeep tyres &amp; drive up &amp; down the huge sand dunes. Not for the weak stomached…I felt really sick.. We went with Arabian Adventures who are the best, this is a must do trip, highly recommended. All in all Dubai is one of the best places I have visited (so much so we are planning to live there) &amp; the Jebel Ali hotel is a haven of tranquillity away from the hustle &amp; bustle of Dubai. I would recommend anyone stay there, which I almost certainly will when I go again. Have a great time. xx	
Jun 8 2006	Pity about the Fishing	We have visited the Jebel Ali Hotel on 3 occasions in the last 15 months. We obviously wouldn't be going back there if we didn't enjoy it and generally the standards of the hotel and the service given is very good.There are one or two points that we would like to mention from this last visit. Many people have commented on the &quot;drab&quot; appearance of the main dining room in the hotel. It certainly needs a facelift and we were pleased to hear that in the near future this is going to happen. It wasn't just the appearance of the Ibn Majid Coffee House Restaurant but also the quality of the food served there that we found disappointing. We managed to visit all the other restaurants in the hotel during our stay and ate in the Ibn Majid only twice (apart from breakfasts). Without doubt the two worst meals we experienced were in the Ibn Majid. This is not to say the food was poor but within a 5* hotel there is a certain expectation that was not fulfilled by dining there.We had also wanted to try deep sea fishing as we knew from our last visit that it was possible from this hotel. Unfortunately, despite it being publicised on the internet and extensively within the hotel itself, there were no fishing trips available because the hotel hadn't obtained the necessary license needed to run them. This was a real disappointment and we felt they shouldn't be publicising something that they couldn't offer. We were given the opportunity of hiring a boat from the Jumeirah Beach Hotel ..... but at a cost !!!Dubai has changed rapidly in the 5 years that we have been travelling there. We chose the Jebel Ali Hotel last year because of all the construction around the Jumeirah Beach area. However, even this part of Dubai seems doomed for development in the next few years with the building of another airport on the Jebel Ali's doorstep and the ongoing construction of the Palm.One note of caution if you travel overnight to Dubai. At very busy times the hotel will not have rooms ready until 2.00 p.m. We arrived at 8.30 a.m. and had to wait nearly 6 hours for our room. Be prepared for this wait and have clothing at hand to go to the beach/pool. There were a number of very fraught tourists arriving one morning expecting to walk straight to their rooms. It's one of the problems of overnight travel !!The staff at the Jebel Ali are very attentive and helpful. We would certainly recommend the hotel to anyone but it is a distance from the centre of Dubai and at busy times (especially in the evening) it can take quite a while to get there (90 minutes). Although they are building extra lanes for the main highway these may not be enough the way Dubai is expanding.Dubai remains a very safe and clean place to go to. It's certainly been a favourite spot of ours, although the appeal that it had when we first went is somewhat being lost within the ever increasing construction of skyscrapers.	
Jun 3 2006	Palm Tree Court - Dubai - Fantastic	We have just returned from Dubai staying at the Palm Tree Court &amp; Spa in the Jebel Ali Resort of Dubai for 8 nights.We all had a fantasic time, weather was great, 40 degrees most days We were upgraded to a Sea Front Junior Suite on our arrival which was a pleasant surprise this was a stones throw from the beach - fantastic! The room was large with a 6'ft wide bed, a double sofa bed for my little girl, mini bar, tea and coffee making facilities and plenty of wardrobe space. The bathroom was huge with His &amp; Hers sinks, a large bath tub and walk in shower. There were complimentary bath products (soaps etc), towelling robes and beach flip flops to use. Every night we were delivered complimentary bottles of water for that evening and the next day. There was also fresh fruit in the room daily. There are plenty of towels in the room to use and there are fresh beach towels for you to use delivered to your room on a daily basis. (you do not need to take any towels with you) The grounds of the resort are extremely beautiful, with peacocks roaming around and beautiful wildlife, lots of lovely plants and greenery.The service at the Palm Tree Court for us was second to none from the moment we checked in to the morning we left. The staff cannot do enough for you, everyone says hello to you, passes the time of day, they are efficent and extremely friendly, this is what I noticed more than anything. They call your room most nights to see if everything is okay for you and ask if you require anything else from them.The food for us was great, with plenty of choice both at lunch time and in the evening. There are waiters who ride around on Golf Carts every day who take your order for drinks and food from your sun lounger!! - you don't even have to move! They will then bring it back to you - great service.The Palm Tree Court have two resident camels and ponies/horses which you can ride. My daughter and I had a short ride on a camel on the beach which was great.The pools are lovely and cooling with a swim up bar in one of them where you can order drinks, cocktails etc. The beach was great too, long white sands and were very clean. The sea was lovely but was rather warm, but great to have a splash around in. There was hardly anybody on the private beach and few people in the sea - paradise - lovely and quiet.We went to the Mall of Emirates and the Dubai Ski Dome one afternoon, the hotel has a courtesy air conditioned bus service that runs to several places this being one of them. The Mall is great, lovely shops and eating places - you have to see it to believe it.We also went to the Madinat Jumeirah Resort and ate at a nice Italian Restaurant as it was my birthday whilst we were in Dubai. The restaurant organised a cake and sang happy birthday to me - nice touch. The Madinat Jumeirah is a resort in itself, with a shopping mall, restaurants and hotels. In the middle was canal waterways (like Venice). We came out of the restaurant and had a nose around and was invited to ride on one of their gondolas (you should have been a resident but the guy let us on as we had eaten in one of the restaurants). It was great as you saw the Madinat Resort from the Gondola and the guy gave us a guided tour - a must if you visit Dubai.The Palm Tree Court is well away from all the construction work that is happening in Dubai at the moment. From your Suite you can see in the far distance ships and tankers and every now and again you hear what is like thunder for a couple of seconds. This did not spoil our enjoyment of the resort or beach.All in all we had a fantastic time on our first visit to Dubai. We will definitely be looking to go back to Dubai, perhaps a different month and also try out another one of the fantastic hotels on offer.	
May 19 2006	beautiful hotel	My Wife and I only had a short time for a break.We wanted guarenteed sunshine,guarenteed luxury,great service,beautifull beaches,and peace and quiet.Dubai seemed to be the answer,but looking on Trip Adviser,and hearing about all the construction there i was concerned about where to go.Answer: Jebel Ali Golf Resort and SpaWe were greeted at the airport and taken to a very nice people carrier.The transer takes about half an hour/fourty minutes,but the scenery is great.I had upgraded to the Palm Court,which i do recomend.A lot more peacefull,nicer loungers,great rooms,big balconys.Especially nice is to order snacks and drinks from the waiter who drives about on his golf cart throughout the day.Breakfast is buffet style and of a high standard.We enjoyed an Indian buffet one night which was exceedingly pleasant,and a World buffet the next with food from all around the world laid out to enjoy.One piece of advice,the beaches are long and are of the whitest sand so a good run along them will stop you feeling guilty about enjoying the large selection of great food at these buffets.One moan.Don`t forget long trousers and shoes.Without them you will not be allowed in most of the restaurants and bars.Fact!I always wear sandals on holiday,so my food options suddenly became limited.A trip to the big Mall is advised if you are looking for a good deal on some electrical gear,sunglasses etc.It is quite close and cab fare is v.reasonable.The Gold Souk and downtown is a bit of a treck but worth a look if you have time .If you want a high standard hotel,without construction on you`re doorstep,helpfull friendly staff,great beaches,and great food,Palm court at the Jebel Ali is you`re place.	
May 12 2006	Beautiful grounds away from building works but hotel not 5*	We had a lovely week in Dubai in March, very relaxing and away from the building work which is currently overshadowing some hotels within Dubai. The only slight let down to the trip was the standard of the hotel.We picked the Jebel Ali thinking it would be away from the mass of skyscrapers currently being built (which it was), and still give us the luxury of a 5 star Dubai hotel. Having been to Dubai every year for the last 4 years, I am a huge fan of the place - great climate, beatuiful hotels and a fantastic level of service within the hotels I have previously stayed. Unfortunately the Jebel Ali didn't quite reach this high expectation. Although the grounds are superb and the daytimes passed wonderfully, the hotel itself was not up to scratch. The rooms are in need of an upgrade (seeing as its rated as a 5 star hotel), the restaurants I would rate as average, and the service levels and friendliness of staff was not a patch on the standard I have experienced at the other 5 star hotels I have stayed in Dubai (Jumeriah Beach Hotel, The Royal Mirage, Mina Al Salam).The breakfast dining experience is not to the level you would expect at a 5 star hotel. The choice within the buffet was good, but finding a table was not easy without having to wait, the room is dark and dingey (unless you're one of the few people that manage to sit in the window), and the waiter service was poor.On the positive side the surroundings outside are beautiful, there are really nice pools - a choice of 3 (although 1 was closed for the whole of our stay...but pleased to see it was for refurbishment), my husband loved the golf course, the spa is at a high standard with some great treatments, and there were quite a lot of families there so seemed like a lot for kids to do within the sports centre.If you get a good deal to stay at the Jebel Ali, and are not expecting the usual luxury of 5 star Dubai, you certainly won't be disappointed within the surrounding grounds and if you're a golfer or a spa lover....this could be an ideal place for you. Personally if I had to choose I would rather pay a few hundred pounds more to get the 100% luxury treatment you can get elsewhere.	
May 6 2006	Good Location Room a little dated.....	We stayed at the Jebel Ali Golf Resort in February and whilst we were overall impressed with the hotel, services and location, I felt the rooms were a little tired and dated.When we checked in, I found the reception area to be a little tacky and '80's' like! However, the service was good and the allowed us to check in after a short wait which wasn't bad considering we arrived early in the morning.I thought the grounds were lovely and we really liked the pools. Unfortunately one pool was closed for maintenence when we were there (which we knew in advance), but we loved the Palm Tree court pool so opted for that one on most days anyway. The beach looked clean and well looked after. There was also plenty of lifeguards which was reassuring as there was quite a few children there when we visited.We loved the Steak Restaurant - a MUST for anyone who goes! We also ate at the Coffee house a couple of times, the Italian and the sports bar and had no complaints.Breakfast was nice, again the restaurant seemed very dated and could do with a bit of a facelift. I would rate the hotel as a good 4* but couldn't say 5 after we then went to stay at the Chedi in Muscat which reminded us of how a 5* really should be.That said, the services are more worthy of the rating as although we were not playing golf, I understand the course is very good.One thing that irritated me a little, was a couple of large groups of footballers were there when we were. Although my Husband loved it as he recognised a few of the players, I found them to be a bit boisterous, especially in the pool, when I was just trying to relax. This of course shouldn't really be a reflection of the hotel.. unless this happens often!!We liked the complimentary bus services into the city and to the mall, and enabled us to go out more than we probably would have done otherwise. If you plan to go to the water park.. save yourself some money by taking the shuttle to the mall in the morning and taking a taxi from there - the taxi will be half the price.All in all a pleasant stay, and no reason to complain. Next time, I think I would probably stay somewhere else, but only because I would probably prefer to be closer to the action.	
Apr 29 2006	Great hotel - watch out for the construction of the Palm offshore	Just returned today, great hotel! Standard rooms are fine (dont fall for the upgrade blag the hotel appear to go for when you check in and offer you a &quot;special offer &quot;to upgrade stick with the room you booked you wont be disappointed! The choice of restaurants and food style is fantastic and the quality and taste superb. There is plenty of room by one of the pools or on the grass before the beach or the enormous stretch of beach.Go for the seafood BBQ on Sunday's and to the Indian on Wednesday and to La Traviatta (Italian) cant go wrong.For those of you not used to our &quot;Eastern European&quot; friends then this may not be for you they are in the majority and do not conform to the hotels dress code which they do not appear to enforce (since they spend the money) Some are also a litte &quot;loud&quot; shall we say?There is no construction on shore but be aware that the construction of the Jebel Ali Palm is only a short distance offshore. Now so far it sounds like thunder as another truck dumps 30 tons of rock a mile or so away but in the next six months they will begin to contruct the &quot;branches&quot; of the palm that may be more noisy.The hotel is fantastic no complaints at all but the outlook is midly disappointing due to the construction offshore (you can always stay by the pool)	
Apr 6 2006	perfect choice	Beautiful location away from the building site that is Dubai at the moment, yet only about £10 in a taxi into the city. Not that you will want to go into the city much as this is a resort that is hard to leave. The service, cleanliness, food etc cannot be faulted, a huge choice of places to eat, bars and pools to dip in and out of. Great for families and couples alike, plenty to do for everyone.You can see the Jebil Ali Palm being built in the distance out to sea but it was not a problem for us, if anything we were curious to see it.There is always someone friendly to assist your every need, and all at a good price for a five star hotel.	
Mar 8 2006	A little bit of Dubai sanctuary	We have just returned from a super 5 night stay at the Jebel Ali. We opted for this hotel after reading other trip advisor reviews. The hotel exceeded all of our expectations , we stayed in the Palm court which is a seperate complex next to the main hotel. The rooms are very large with great views overlooking the sea. The staff at the hotel are all super efficent and can not do enough for you - the standard and service we received was excellent. The great benefit in staying at the Jebel Ali is that as you are a little bit further down the coast you are well away from all of the construction work with not a crane in site- it is very quiet there is some visible work going on with the construction of the Palm but this far away from the hotel. It is very easy to get into the main part of Dubai as the hotel offers a free bus service 4 times a day to the Malls and the creek. You really must go to the Mall of the Emirates it is amazing - there is even a Harvey Nics!!! It is retail heaven.A tip if you are a new visitor to Dubai you need to prepare yourselve for the amount of construction work that is going on in particular down by the Dubai marina it is unbeliveable. I really can not wait to reurn back to this hotel - it was my little bit of Dubai heaven.	
Mar 2 2006	Great Hotel-The all in 1 hotel	Wonderfull hotel.Stayed there in Feb 2006.All staff were brilliant.Would stay there again.Only downside is that to get to main Dubai it takes around 1hr30mins in traffic period and cost is around 90dirhams each way which is around £15 each way.But all in all a brilliant hotel.	
Feb 15 2006	Great Hotel - will be back	Just returned from Dubai after taking my husband on a surprise trip for his 30th birthday. The hotel was excellent and they couldn't do enough for you. I would definately recommend staying here instead of the centre of Dubai - there was far too much building work going on to relax in the centre and there seemed to be a smog hanging over the city. The beach was fabulous and they had a lovely marina and gardens if you just fancied a nice walk. I would highly recommend going on the Bateau dubai for the dinner cruise - we had a lovely evening and the food was fantastic. If you want to do some sightseeing then the hotel operates a bus service into various parts of Dubai three times a day. The taxis were also very cheap. Make sure and go to the mall of the emirates - best mall i've ever been to - it even has an indoor ski slope which my husband loved.We will definately return very soon as we didn't have enough time to do and see everything!	
Jan 31 2006	Can't wait to return!	We stayed at this hotel en route for England after 6 weeks in Australia. We had such a lovely , relaxing few days, with perfect service, delightful staff, and unsurpassed surroundings. There are 3 pools, several restaurants, and the breakfast buffet is the best I have ever had. The Spa, built a year ago ,is a very pleasant experience, and I also had a very good hair do! The golf view rooms don't have the same attractive outlook as the front sea facing ones, but are extremely comfortable. We were offered an upgrade, but at a pretty high extra cost. My only moan was a real lack of English books in the 'library', which had only German books! We do plan to return for a longer stay in this lovely hotel.	
Jan 19 2006	Christmas at the Jebel Ali	We stayed at the Jebel Ali over Christmas. It was not our first choice of hotel in fact, it was about the only hotel available at that time. However, after reading reviews on this site we decided to upgrade to the Palm Tree Court.When we arrived we were a little dissappointed in the appearance of the buildings in particular the main hotel as it does not have the grandness of other hotels in Dubai. Our rooms in the Palm Tree Court were lovely and the gardens are beautiful. We were very glad at this point, that we had upgraded. In all, we had a fantastic stay at this hotel, the highlights being the gorgeous stretch of beach, the stunning gardens in the Palm Tree Court, riding lessons for the children, the fantastic weekly BBQ on the beach at the Captains Bar and the Spa. You cannot fail to enjoy the tranquility of this hotel as long as you are not expecting the exclusiveness of the Jumeriah Beach hotels.	
Jan 11 2006	A Dissapointing Stay...	I stayed at the Jebel Ali in Apr '04 and am sorry to say to all those potential guests reading this that I wasn't that impressed!My general problem with the hotel was the service. We had to speak to the front desk staff about a problem we encountered with their shuttle bus service and ended up having a full blown stand off with the Manager in the hotel lobby. We had arranged a trip with our tour company and they were providing transport to the city, but we decided to take advantage of the shuttle bus and return back to the hotel on it. We made sure we checked where the bus picks up from in the city before we left the hotel and even got a member of the reception staff to mark it on our map. Suprise Suprise we were given the wrong pick up point and myself and my boyfriend were left standing in the middle of a dark desolate car park for nearly 2 hours waiting. Although Dubai has a very low crime rate, it isn't non existent and I think anyone in our position that night would have felt extremely vunerable. We eventually were able to flag down a cab to take us the 40min journey back to the hotel - which as you can imagine wasn't cheap! When we returned to the hotel we were obviously very upset that we had been mis-informed and asked to speak to the manager to discuss the problem we had encountered. He made us feel very inferior and not valued at all as a customer. He made us feel like we were one of thousands of customers he see's pass through the hotel and our minor problem was not his concern. When we came to check out, we noticed that nearly 180 dirhams (nearly £30) worth of mini bar items had been charged to our room which we hadn't consumed. We were also very angry with this and felt we were bring victimised after our previous complaint to the manager. I have stayed in 5* hotels before and have never been treated like this before - I was very disapointed.But luckily this was the only negative about our stay at the Jebel Ali and we tried to forget about the incedent and enjoy the rest of out trip. Our room was always clean and up to the high standard we expected, the pools and the beach were imacculate and the food was expensive but worth the money - the Italian restaurant was fantastic!All in all I would definatly not return to this hotel and I wouldn't recommend it. We paid a lot of money for our trip there and we didn't have quite the experience we had in mind staying at that hotel.	
Dec 27 2005	I could get used to this	Being a first time visitor to the UAE I was somewhat apprehensive about numerous aspects of the trip. I need not have been. Was the hotel too far out? 4 free bus truips per day were laid on into town but there was so much for all to do this was not necessary. Taxi if times did not suit? A request to the doorman produced taxi to any destination in seconds. At AED 90 for 30 mile trip ( £15), only some hairraising driving gave cause for concern. Unfailing smiles from all staff as well as the scrupulous honesty was a feature greatly welcomed. Would the alcohol be too expensive? Being used to a glass of wine with a meal could be a problem but £20 a bottle is almost what I have paid in London in far less pleasant surroundings. At £3.50 - £4 per pint (cut by 30% in many happy hours), this was not cheap but no worse than I have encountered in London. Would we get adjoining rooms for our sone aged 13 &amp; 15? No problem and the interconnecting door was open. When would we be let into our room after overnight flight in economy? A room was found at once at 11.00 with a complimentary coffee as our bags were taken up ( and none of the horrible US habit of touting for mega tips). We stayed in the main hotel. Rooms on the small side and the ability to sit on balcony at night would have been appreciated but this is apparently the original 5 star hotel built at a time when this was the norm. Spotlessly clean throughout and rooms serviced twice a day with bedding turned back and glass of mineral water placed ( free) at the bedside. Pleasant sea view when not turining right to look at port of Jebel Ali. Some building work from future costal development but minor nuisance at worst. For the kids? Badminton &amp; pool saw our out of the way for hours at a time with all equipment provided free. Breakfast buffet in morning superb. Proper bacon usually available but beef bacon one day was a new experience ( proper bacon miles better).  All I need to do is to save uo for further 6 days of bliss.	
Dec 15 2005	Heaven on Earth	Having read some past reviews, I was very nervous on what to expect. However, I need not have been. Whilst the Jebel Ali does not look as modern as some of Dubai's other top hotels, the grounds are absolutely amazing.The marina, golf resort and beach are gorgeous and there was never a moment of boredom or feeling of claustrophobia, compared to past holidays I have been on to other 5 star hotels. The staff were friendly and very professional especially room service. I would recommend upgrading to the top floor of the hotel. It doesnt cost much but you have free internet access, private lounge, free dvd rental, private breakfast and dinner etc There is a free shuttle bus three times a day to all the best sites in Dubai so there is no need to worry that the hotel is not central.I would advise that you make sure you go when its a bit cooler and all activities open, like the resorts golf karting arena, shooting range and horse riding.The open seafood grill on Saturday night was brilliant, especially under such a lovely setting. the cuisine in general was ok but not as great as other aspects of the holiday.All in all, a brilliant holiday (and I am hard to impress!)	
Dec 14 2005	Closest I have come to my idea of paradise	Having read past reviews on this 5 star hotel it does make me wonder why some people ever leave home! I think we are in a moaning culture and im afraid to say some people will never be happy as their expectations are too high. I was recommended this hotel through my travel agent mainly because it is out of building work areas and a high star rating. This was a one off treat. I book through an experienced agent who has travelled the world. On arrival we were stunned. The main hotel is older than the Palm Court as other reports state but we saw no problem with that. Everyone very friendly and treated us like royalty. Saw rooms here-fine. Stayed at Palm Tree suite as we were up graded. Stunning-open doors onto grass then straight onto beach. Amazing decor with everything you need from minibar to slippers. What more can anyone ask for. A butler if you want him and a cleaner regularly to put out fresh towels on sunbeds etc. We loved the buffet which changed themes most nights but always had a selection of salad, main(themed part) then gorgeous puddings .About £17 each. Other restaurants would be London prices upwards. It is 5 star so expect it! Both hotels are in lovely immaculate gardens, paths, pools, waterfalls, palm trees etc. Butlers drive you in golf buggies at check in/out. Taxis about £10 into Dubai or book free shuttle bus. A great way of exploring is to go on the BIG BUS COMPANY and stop on and off all day around Dubai. December about 29 degrees-ideal not too hot. This hotel has repeat guests some who have been returning for 16 years which says something. Off the shore the Palm is being built but all you can hear is slight rumbling. Not even worth mentioning really. Another great thing about Dubai is you feel safer than the UK no public brawling ,drunks, lout behaviour and why? prison in most cases-deportation the next. Strict laws combined with respect makes for a great atmostphere where ever you go. Any one who deters you because its &quot;unsafe&quot; are totally wrong. I would return tomorrow and can see why all the new palm developments are sold already. Absolutly no complaints what so ever.........	
Dec 13 2005	Very relaxing -excellent service!	What a great place. Three VERY relaxing days on the Arabian Gulf in late November. I'd certainly echo the sentiments of the previous review 'tale of two hotels'. Although the service and facilities of the Jebel-Ali were excellent, it's neighbour, the Palm Tree Court's position and rooms seemed even better. We'll go back next year and stay longer, probably paying a little more to stay at the Palm Tree Court. One point to note - if you are arriving early in the morning you need to make arrangements with the hotel to make sure a room is ready on arrival. Unlike other high class hotels in the area such as the Jumeirah Beach, the Jebel-Ali politely informed us that we'd have to hang around for about four hours until a room was ready. After travelling all night this is NOT what you want to hear. However, a few very sharp words of complaint from my rather tired partner produced a room within an hour! This didn't spoil our holiday though and I would definitely recommend this hotel.	
Nov 26 2005	A tale of two hotels (and how to get a free upgrade)	The Jebel Ali hotel is two hotels not one (with seperate receptions, breakfast areas and different colour beach towels!!), you have the traditional 70's built 8 story orignal building with tiny balcony's and I guess small rooms and you have the recent addition which is the Palm Tree court which has huge rooms (with high ceilings), 8 foot wide beds, massive bathroom with walk in shower, massive balcony (4 sunbeds plus umbrella). This is why you see a range of reviews on this site. The Palm tree court rooms are the best I have seen (Royal Meridien looks 3 star in comparison). Both hotels share the same wonderful grounds and great long and wide white sand beach. As I had stayed in a 'leading hotel of the world' hotel before I was invited to join the 'leaders' club, this got us an upgrade from the cheapest room in the old hotel to one of the best rooms in the Palm tree court, very happy with that. By far the best grounds and beach of any hotel I saw in Dubai,love the peacocks wandering around and the many birds in beautiful walkways and trees and streams, if you want a relaxing top class hotel in Dubai (with no building work) then as long as you stay in the Palm Tree then you won't beat this	
Nov 22 2005	Very good - but so many KIDS!	We stayed at the Jebel Ali for three nights on an extended stopover in Dubai. The hotel has some great things about it, and so not-so-great. Because I had read the reviews on this site I paid for an upgrade to the Palm Tree Court when we arrived (this cost £76/night and was worth every penny). Thanks to the people who wrote reviews on this site and pointed this out. Our room was fantastic - huge, with a lovely balcony and a good view of the sea.The communal areas in the main part of the hotel are pretty uninspiring and we didn't spend very long there. The front desk staff and concierge were pretty disorganised.On the plus side - the grounds are very, very nice. The service staff in the restaurants and bars are fantastic. The pools are great. The beach is really nice, even if the sand is quite coarse. The food is really really good.On the minus side - there were LOTS of kids and the hotel was VERY crowded the day before we left. Whether this was because it was friday, or whether it was because it was the Friday before half term, I don't know.Would I recommend the hotel? Yes, as long as you avoid (European school) holidays. Will I go there again? Probably not, to be honest, there are so many other places to go (in Dubai alone!) Hence 4 stars - very good but not awesome.	
Oct 31 2005	Fabulous Holiday!	We have just returned from a fabulous holiday at the Jebel Ali. From some initially shaky first impressions, we left very satisfied with the whole package offered by the hotel. First, the minus points - the hotel is a long distance from the airport (especially when traffic is involved) and the mass development on view during the journey doesnt inspire. When compared to some of the ultra modern chrome and marble edifices on offer in the city and marina, the decor and ambience is beginning to look a little dated albeit spotlessly clean. The food on offer during the evening at the restaurants is nice without being exeptional, but we freely admit that we sampled only two of the five or so on offer.The plusses, which we thought far outweigh the minor niggles above - the service at the resort cannot be faulted in any way. The staff were friendly, welcoming and appeared genuinely interested in the welfare of the customer. The beach staff will knock a sun umbrella in for you on the spot and take and deliver your food and drink order without you having to raise a finger. To overcome the distance problem for those wishing to journey to the creek or shopping malls, a complementary bus service is laid on. The inclusive breakfast is simply stunning - something for everybody from every culture. The beach is the jewel in the Jebel Ali crown - private and immaculately kept, it trumps Jumeirah Beach for privacy and exclusivity. If you take the time to visit the marina and city hotels, there are some mightily impressive sights. However, the sight of their residents squabbling over the beach transport shed a different light on their glitzy facades. The Jebel Ali offers a good compromise of price, hospitality and value.	
Oct 26 2005	excellent setting	We have just spent five days at this great hotel and we wanted to stay longer we were all very sad to have to leave.Four of us went and we took our friend as a surprise 40th birthday treat and was very worried whether i had made a good choice and whether my friend would like it or not, all the worrying was for nothing it was a great choice and she loved it.We had booked a sea view room, but when we arrived they offered us an upgrade which was worth every penny we upgraded and had a suite on the 5th floor with a butler who did anything you want done or ordered or booked. You can also go to the 5th floor during the day for complimentary tea coffee cakes sandwiches soft drinks which the butler goes and gets for you.The hotel is set about 30mins from central dubai which with all the building work going on im glad. The hotel runs complimentary buses into dubai and returning up until about midnight.Three things we did and thoroughly enjoyed was, the hotel owns a glass boat which you have dinner on and spend three hours cruising and seeing the sites of dubai, if you do book ask if you can book the captains table this makes the trip even more spectacular. We also mentioned to the captain it was my friends birthday and towards the end of the evening they bought out a cake with her name on and got every one to sing happy birthday and then the captain took photos of us.All i can say was the hotel was great, the beach was superb, incredible breakfasts,great staff and clean. And the curry in the all night restaurant which was the restaurant where you have breakfast was exceelent.We also booked to have afternoon tea in the burj al arab. Men must wear long trouser and long sleeved shirts no tie needed, and ladies just dressup. This was a wonderful experience and to much for four of us to eat and we are quite big eaters,we were booked for 5pm and had hadnt eaten since breakfast. When you have finished you are able to go and look round this amazing hotel do go and have a look round. We also went to the gold souke, even if you donot want to buy any jewelry it something to go and see, it is like a village with just jewelry shops in with more gold in, in one window than in a whole shop in the uk. We only had 2 hours here and wish we had gone for about 5-6 hours. We did buy some jewelry and the staff in the shop were great very friendly gave us coffee orange juice and had a laugh with them Do barter and barter hard cos they give in. Andwe only had to wait 30mins for the rings to be sized to fit, at no extra cost.We are hoping to go back to this hotel in the new year and wouldnt hesitate to recommend to anyone.Any questions please do e-mail me.	
Oct 26 2005	What a disapointment!	Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Jebel Ali on way back from Australia. Arrived very early in the morning, 5am &amp; were greeted by a rather moody male receptionist. Our room was in the main hotel &amp; was very small, the carpets were filthy &amp; it smelt musty - so we changed room immediatly. We were then moved to a 'diplomatic suite' on the ground floor of the main hotel which was basically 2 rooms with a tiny bathroom, dodgy looking wooden furniture &amp; filthy tiled floor - still it was better than the first room! The main hotel is very tired looking, dated - 70's style &amp; the main coffee house restaurant is exactly like that of a Granada service station! Breakfast each monring was like a bun fight with the rest of the British &amp; international guests. Infact the clientelle at this hotel went from one extreeme to the other - the main part of the hotel had mostly 'Chavs' who thought they were &quot;onto a good thing&quot; &amp; &quot;staying at the Jebel was like living in the land of luxury&quot; NOT! Then over at the Palm Tree Court, the more discerning guest with style, elegance &amp; plenty of money! Very Strange. The service was incredibly poor &amp; everything was far too much trouble for all the staff based within the hotel, especially those in the front office, where service matters most!. However the grounds were immaculate &amp; the pool areas very clean &amp; the staff outside of the hotel, ie the pool attendants, restaurant staff at the White Orchid, Signatures, Shooters etc very helpful. It would be best for everyone if they seperated the 2 dwellings &amp; moved the Jebel Ali Hotel alongwith its unhelpful staff down the coast several miles!	
Oct 13 2005	Absolutely Amazing	Me and my partner have just come back from spending a week at the Jebel ali Hotel. The Hotel was lovely it was very clean and all the staff were very friendly and very helpful. We stayed in the Hotel and had a Golf View Room which was very nice. Our room was always kept clean and was cleaned twice a day, they also bring complimentary bottles of water up every evening which come in very handy. The grounds were beautiful and very clean we didnt see one bit of litter anywhere. The pools were very nice and you have 3 to choose from, 2 with swim up bars and 1 salt water pool. The beach was amazing and again very clean, the swim was very warm and clear. You can see some of the construction work that is going on but it is very far away in the sea and didnt spoil the view at all and we didnt hear any noise. The restaurants were very nice and reasonably priced, i would recommend the italian restaurant the food was amazing and the service was very good. All round the Jebel ali Hotel is outstanding and the staff couldn't do enough for us. We will definately be going back.	
Sep 29 2005	Fantastic	we spent 10nights here for our honeymoon, when we arrived at the hotel to checkin we were offered to upgrade our room at a special price; in my opinion its not needed unless you are going to spend all day in your room. The restaurants at the hotel were excellent for food and serivce; as mentioned in previous the wine is expensive however it wouldnt break the bank either! The hotel bar had good entertainment ie 2 singers who sand a variety of well know songs every evening, the drink was averaing €10 for a short! The beach is fabulous and the attendants are all very helpful. We never went near the pools as the beach breeze was too welcoming. As for trips we were advised to go to the gold souk, its really over-rated; immense heat and also down back streets. You are best to stick to the fully Airconditioned shopping malls.	
Sep 27 2005	Great secluded Holiday..	We arrived at the Jebel Ali Resort At 10 o clock on the monday morning. Upon arrival they upgraded us for free from the main hotel Golf View Room to the Palm Tree Court which was far more superior. They gave us the option to then upgrade the level of service we would receive for example, unpacking of our cases and free laundry service, this was working out at around £45 per night extra. We declined the offer and settled for the standard service (which was excellent). Everything was complimentary in the room (apart from the mini fridge). Surroundings and the private beach were amazing, staff were friendly and the weather was fantastic.Bad points:-Not a great deal of places to eat within the resort (a few needed reservations from the day before)Men must wear trousers and shoes for dinner, if not they will be refused entry (bit hard when the evening temp is 32c)If you want a bit of peace and quiet in your room during the day (if you know what I mean) you can't! Room attendants are coming in by the second. You need to put your 'do not disturb' light on otherwise they will ring and just come straight in.The shopping malls are not much, same shops as back home but more expensive. The Dubai meal cruise was good for £35 each however take a coat or jumper cos its freezing onboard.	
Sep 26 2005	2 Weeks in Dubai living in 5 star quality again	My wife and I have just returned from 2 weeks staying at the Jebel Ali Golf Resort and Spa in 5 star luxury. We upgraded our accommodation to a Superior Golf View room, and were very pleased with the size and facilities in the room. As the room was on the 5th floor we also had use of the lounge facilities there, which were first class with extremely friendly and helpful staff, Mylene, Apple and Lyra. The girls organised all our dinner, golf and outside activites for us including afternoon tea at the Burj Al Arab and candlelight dinner on the Bateau Dubai, which is a must, on Dubai Creek.All the staff are very friendly and attentive including the concierge who chased up my wife's luggage which was misplaced at Dubai Airport.The food in the hotel was of very high quality, and the Indian theme night on a Wednesday evening in the Palm Tree Court is not to be missed.The golf course at Jebel Ali is one of the finest I have ever played and excellent value as are most of the other golf courses. Last year we stayed at Le Royal Meridien on Jumeira Beach and this hotel was on a par if not better, with virtually no noise to disturb the peace and tranquility. The peacocks made more noise than the offshore building work !!!	
Sep 16 2005	Relaxing holiday	Just returned from 10 day stay. Excellent hotel, staff very efficient. Excellent value for money, cannot wait to go back next year	
Sep 16 2005	Amazing	My husband and I travelled to Dubai for our Honeymoon and stayed at The Jebel Ali Golf Resort and Spa. We had an absolutely amazing holiday here. The hotel was beautiful and the staff waited on us hand and foot, nothing was to much trouble for them. The rooms were cleaned daily to a very high standard and each evening we were offered a turn down service and bottles of water. What can I say about the grounds? They were amazing! You had the beach plus a number of swimming pools to chose from. One with a swim up bar which was very refreshing in 39 degrees of heat. There were enough grounds to completely lose yourselves. There were a great selection of restaurants to choose from, ranging from a sports cafe if you fancied a chilled out evening to a fine dining French restaurant for a special evening. We didnt find the restaurants any more expensive then what we would pay back home. Drinks were a little more expensive although many of the bars and pool bars did have a happy hour! The hotel was about a 15-20 minute drive to the City and shopping malls. In a taxi it cost 70 dirhams which works out to just over £10.00. However the hotel does run a complimentary shuttle bus to the City if you wanted to jump on that instead of a taxi. We travelled to the shopping malls once on our holiday. There really is no need to leave the complex if you dont want too as this hotel offers every service imaginable!We would recommend the Jebel Ali Golf Resort and Spa to anyone. We had an amazing holiday and will definately be returning next year.	
Sep 15 2005	Best Place to Stay	My friend and I have returned from the Jebel Ali. What a fantastic Hotel. We were already booked in the Palm Tree Court but upgraded to the Royal Jasmin Suite where you receive all the added attention eg butler service, shoe polishing, clothes pressing, complimentary drinks between 6-7, breakfast in a separate restaurant where you can enjoy the A la Carte menu with a nice glass of champagne with breakfast, the beach boys put you towels on your sunbeds and so much more. We had a fantastic time and it was so relaxing. Would like to thank Lynell, Melody and Danny on our reception desk, and a huge thank you to Chris and Mosses who were out butlers for 11 days as well as all the staff at the Palm Tree Court and our buggy boys who took us wherever we wanted to go.The weather was around 45 degrees and the sea was 34 degrees beach wonderful - what more can I say - I could go on forever - one of the best holidays I've ever had. Will be going back next year.	
Sep 12 2005	Jebel Ali Dubai - relaxing	We stayed at the Jebel Ali for 10 days at the end of August, beginning of September.The weather was boiling, hitting 50 degrees for the first five days, so lying by the beach was only possible under the shade of one of the many palm trees but still very sweaty! The sea is not refreshing as it was 38 degrees but was nice for a hot dip.There are three pools, one a little tired looking but the other two were fine (unless you like doing laps, as neither are very big). There is dreadfull panpipe music piped throughout the hotel and was often on repeat so I think for two whole days we listened to Jennifer Rush Power of Love which was a little tedious to say the least. especially as it also played underwater in the pools so there was no escape!The hotel, as others have mentioned is a good 40 minutes from the city which was good at the moment as Dubai resembles a half finished Manhatten and was unbelievably hot with the desert wind. However, it is right next to the new Palm Island development and currently all you hear is dynamite explosions in the distance as the blow up the reef to make the island but in the not to distant future the lovely hotel sunsets are going to be masked by cranes and skyscrapers like the rest of Dubai as they start the buildingwork.From a cultural point of view there is not really much reason to visit the city or Jumeira beach. The gold souks were dirty and smelly with the heat and surprisingly very few visible tourists which was quite intimidating at times. Women are recommended to cover up as much as possible which is highly advisable.The city is very modern (in terms of the new builings) and cosmopolitan with many nationalities (mainly from the middle east, eastern africa and india) but it is definately not &quot;Westernised&quot; as many of the brochures state so be prepared.The best thing about the Jebel Ali, however were the free sports. We had private morning tennis lessons for free (plus free equipment hire), and played badminton, squash, pool, table tennis, sailing, waterskiing, golf (£30), gym, sauna and jacuzzi, camel riding and swimming in the pools at night (the best time to avoid the heat). The rooms are very nice in the main hotel (try to get room 160 or 260, 360 etc as they are the cheaper golf view rooms but are at the end so you also get a view of the sea and marina from one side of the balcony).Eating at one of the many hotel restaurants is generally expensive but there is no other option (expect to pay £20 for an average bottle of wine and £20 for a garden BBQ per head or £30-40 for a restaurant 3 course meal per head), all the restaurants are roughly the same price too so there is no cheap option.The staff however are excelent and tend to you every need.	
Aug 25 2005	Picture Postcard Location	My wife, two teenage sons and I have just returned from five-days in the Jebel Ali and we had a marvellous time.The hotel is about 40-minutes south from the airport by car - out on its own, far removed from the hustle and bustle of Dubai. I hired a car, from Budget, for the five-days for £71 sterling, including petrol the total cost was £80. In hindsight a car isn't strictly necessary as there is an airport hotel pick-up and drop off. Plus there is a bus from the hotel into Dubai and taxis are fairly cheap. However, the car was very cheap and it gave us more flexibility to go where we wanted when we wanted. One word of caution for those who are nervous about driving abroad I would say the standard of driving in Dubai is appalling. Indicators seem to be an unnecessary luxury on most cars and the standard method of over-taking seems to be to &quot;cut up&quot; the driver in front.We had standard sea-view rooms in the main hotel. The rooms were okay, nothing special, just standard 3 star (in my opinion) hotel rooms. There is nothing wrong with them, they are just rather ordinary. What makes the Jebel Ali something special is what is outside the hotel rooms. The grounds, beach, pool areas, golf course and marina are fabulous. Idyllic gardens backing on to a beach with fine white sand and palm trees - picture postcard stuff - and the ocean was so warm it was like walking into a bath! There are numerous sun-loungers in the gardens and around the pools so finding somewhere to laze around was never a problem. You can also hire boats and kayaks from a hut on the beach.The food was very good with a wide choice at the breakfast buffet. For an evening meal there are numerous restaurants to choose from serving different types of cuisine. Plus there is a Sports Bar, with televisions showing cricket and football, behind the marina that serves very good quality food at a very reasonable price. The fish and chips plus pint of lager for 45 Dirhams (about £6.50) was not only good value, but exceedingly good quality. In the evenings the Jebel Ali is rather quiet, which suited us, but wouldn't suit those who want to go out clubbing.	
Aug 17 2005	Amazing Service	Me and my girlfriend have just returned from 10 days at the Jebel Ali Hotel. The complex consists of the main hotel with its rooms and the Palm Tree Court bit which is villa type accomodation. We stayed in a beach front villa in Palm Tree Court (has a private beach which is amazing).Try to get a villa in the Palm Tree Court rather than the hotel. Didnt see any hotel rooms but from descriptions of other guests i dont think they are on the same par as the villas and they're not right on the beach either.If you can try to get an upgrade to the Royal Jasmine Lounge. You get the same type of villa but you get loads of extras: a butler who does everything for you including unpacking and packing your cases and pressing clothes. Access to members only lounge with free soft drinks, sandwiches &amp; internet access. Complimentary massage in spa (amazing). There are loads of extras (free alcoholic drinks each night 6-7).Service in Palm Tree Court was faultless, everyone was amazing. From poolside staff right up to GM who was high visibility and seemed to know all the guests by name.Food was amazing also, the white orchid restraunt was great and the teppinyaki table was something else.We had heard the construction round about Jumeira Beach was a painwhich is why we chose Jebel Ali. Its secluded and miles away from any construction, a real paradise, the private beach was picture postcard stuff. Jebel Ali is about 30 minutes in a taxi away from central dubai but the hotel runs a free shuttle bus and taxi's are quite cheap (£10 round trip).We went on 2x excursions, the 4x wheel drive desrt safari was great as was the evening trip down dubai creek (4 course meal and music included).What can i tell you ? I dont have a bad thing to say about dubai or the Jebel Ali Hotel (although from what ive seen i wouldnt book the hotel only the palm tree court with the Jasmine Lounge upgrade) also try to get sea front villa and not sea facing as that way you are right on the beach.Only mistake i made was going start of August (50 degrees with 95% humidity) although in fairness everywhere was well air conditioned.Here is a summary of musts (have also included couple of photo's of Palm Tree Court reception area - check out the swim up bar on right side of pic &amp; private beach).Palm Tree Court (not hotel)Royal Jasmine Lounge Upgrade4x wheel drive desert safaridubai creek boat trip (ask for the glass boat one as the other not full AC)clipper bar in palm tree court is great (balingo plays piano he's great)We'll definately be back..	
Aug 14 2005	Can't wait to go back!	This place was out of this world, staff went out of their way to please us on a consistent basis. The weather was toasting - kids went to the Peaco club until about 2:30pm (too hot outside for them) then enjoyed the beach and pools. We were upgraded to a junior suite at the Palm Tree Court and it was a lovely room with a very efficient and friendly man who kept our room in tip top shape - if you do go and get Lito - he is wonderful, very shy but very genuine. The reception staff were also great at PTC especially Danny and Lionel - actually they were all great and withheld standing out to greet us upon arrival in the scorching heat with a pleasant and professional manner. Felt genuinely at home here and the staff made us feel very welcome, was really sad to leave. One thing to mention is not to take any water, juice or food into the hotel, they dont allow it. We had free water and fruit in our room every day, which was a nice touch. We had never been 5 star before and were delighted with it all. It is about 45 mins from the City but thats a good thing - free shuttle bus in and out about 3 times per day.Do not miss out on an Arabian Adventure to the desert - it was by far our best day out, not to be missed. We were picked up from the hotel at 3:30pm (car seats provided for infants) and taken a tour of Dubai, followed by a roller coaster jeep ride in the sand dunes - excellent. Following this was watching the sunset, camel rides, henna paintings, belly dancers and unlimited food and drink (wine, beer, soda, water). It cost about £45 per person but WELL worth the money.We met people that stayed in the main resort and said that those rooms were also nice.The Wild Wadi water park was excellent too - dont miss that either.	
Aug 4 2005	Excellent	What a great place! Hotel was not dated, far from it, with excellent 5 star service and 5 star luxury. As it was our honeymoon, they up graded us to deluxe suite with own butler and reception on the 5th floor. It is isolated but only costs about 10 - 15 pounds to main city. Shuttle service is provided to Dubai Creek and main shopping malls. Really pleased with stay. Weather scorching and glad to be away from main work being done on Jumeriah strip, although extremely impressive. Second part of stay, will be in the Burj Al Arab and will be impressed how they can outdo the Jebel Ali! Definately recommend it.	
Jul 27 2005	fantastic place	Check out the palm tree courts... i stayed at the Royal jasmin junior suite.These are identical to palm tree court rooms only difference is perkssuch as butler ,6-7pm free drinks anything you want,breakfast and evening meals--in the more exclusive restraurants,free activities,free pressing of clothes,shoes polished,free dvd rental for your room,compliemtary fruit basket daily.bottle of wine on arrival with box of sweets,free 30mins massage at Spa----which was fantastic even though you get the person of the same sex as your therapist!!Evening entertainment in a small bar with live music...The musician and singer Belingo Raf is wonderful he does requests which i loved...Food was spectacular try and book a table early at the asian fusion restaraunt at the chefs table....the only downside is the place is far out..so i suggest a couple of days in Deira then say 4-5 days to really chill out here at the Jebel..where i would only recommend the palm tree courts.also if in Deira a car is useful if time is limited- it is easy to drive here..costs only about 20 pounds per day including full collision waiver ...to refuel a tank cost about £6!!!i used (---) ask for Rupal she is on the ball and will sort out everything..they have a rep out there who will assist with everything her name is Besi..She is a jem..i loved this place the staff will go out of their way. i couldnt recommend it enough.the rooms have the wow factor.I do hope to return one day...	
Jul 22 2005	isolated hotel	if you want to go somewhere away from shops and citylife then this is probably perfect for you, the hotel is in the middle of nowhere on the beach. the noise from the ongoing palm island work offshore is just like distant thundering now and then. nice pools and a fair bit of stuff to do but if you want a bit more action or just fancy a change of scenery you have to get the free but crowded bus to a mall about 40 mins away or into the town about 1hr 10mins away. The original hotel looks a bit dated now and I wouldnt say it desrves a 5 star rating, maybe a 3plus. the palm court area of the hotel is more impressive.we found the prices for beer and stuff a bit steep, £2 for a can of coke and £5 for a pint. the hotel is also full of our german friends, polite as ever!overall if you want peace and are happy staying in the hotel grounds then yes but if you want to see dubai, visit souks and other hotels I would stay closer to the city, you may pay a bit more but your not paying out for taxis and stuff all the time..	
Jul 14 2005	Jebel Ali Dubai - out of this world (Fantastic!)	We read some of the reviews prior to going and was a bit concerned. We need not have worried. This hotel is fantastic. You can always find more elaborate (see the Burg Al Arab - where I would not stay! Had high tea there, hotel is kitsch and vulgar!). The Jebel Ali is finished! and that is important, Jumeirah is a building site, 200+ hotels being built 24 hours a day - Horrible! People we met said it's ok if you don't look around (blinkers optional I guess!). The Jebel Ali is an Oasis a classy one at that!. The staff cannot do enough, right from the pool attendants through to the management, nothing is too much trouble. The spa is out of this world and reasonably priced. The bars and restaurants are good and dress code is maintained. The captains bar on the beach serves at the bar or by waiter on golf cart at your lounger (you really do not have to move). The sea is clear and the beach white and clean. The so called noise from the Palm building work is nothing. We listened for it and but for the odd distant rumble, nothing - it's better than cars driving around. Peacocks, funny and no nuisance at all! Restaurants were fine, good prices and good food. The trips by Arabian Adventures seem pricey until you go on them and see the attention to detail. First Class. The whole package was fantastic - Hotel, location, service, food, weather (it was hot though). If you want night life (discos, etc.) then it maybe is not for you, unless you get a taxi (50 dirhams to town circa £7.50), or go to Lloret in Spain! If you want to chill out in class, rest, relax, wind down and avoid any yob culture, then you would do well to go here. We had a ground floor Cabana room, it was spacious and well decorated, very clean, and serviced ad infinitum! Guest Relations regularly called to ensure all was well and if we needed anything. Friends who were in standard rooms said theirs were slightly smaller, but nontheless of a similar vein and very good. The balcony in the standard room is just a viewing balcony, not a sitting one.Dubai city is facinating and people very genuine and warm. There are many, many hotels that look beautiful and when building work is done (2008 ish), many areas will have a big lure, until then, look for the finished article.We do not know or understand what happened with the people on here that seemed to highlight minutia and possibly got hung up and let it spoil their holiday, or maybe their expectations were different. Everyone we spoke to had nothing but good to say about the hotel. We suggest do more than just trip advisor research to make decisions, and assess to seperate the possible persistent moaners from the genuine &quot;things gone wrong&quot;!Holiday booking is always a bit of a lottery, and thus opinions varied. This is our account, 2 days back and wishing we were still there!	
Jul 14 2005	Golf 	Spent a wonderful 10 days at this oasis 45 minutes from Dubai Airport, this was my third visit over a period of 5 years and the service is still excellent and although there is building work off shore for the Jebel Ali Palm it does not distract from the beautiful setting and vast tropical grounds of this wonderful hotel.It was my boyfriends first visit and as a keen golfer found the 9 hole championship course first class, the greens were immaculate and the golf course staff more than attentiveVarious restaurants with a great value 'dining around' option attentive service and choice of food unbelieable........Three pools all with life guards and pool side bars/restaurants, guys whizzing around the extensive grounds in golf buggy's serving ice cold drinks, just in case you can't be bothered to move form you sun lounger or beach hammock!!! Miles of private powder white sand beach to stroll along....bliss	
Jul 13 2005	Fantastic!!!!!	We got back from staying in the Jebel last month. I read the last review posted and I thought that the staff were excellent. The hotel was beautiful and the food was lovely, however the wine here is a tad pricey - we paid £20 for a bottle of mateus rose! Our room was fantastic I would advise people to stay in a sea view room preferably room 123 because we had a large patio with chairs and umbrella and great views. We also went to see the Buj Al Arab and Jumeriah Beach hotels whilst we were there. You have to book evening tea (£30 each) or dinner in one of the restaurants to visit this hotel, but we recommend to do this!We are already planning to book again to go in February next year with friends. Another piece of advise is if you do not like the heat do not go between June - August, when we was out there the humidity was 100% and 45F. PS Currently the whole of Dubai is building something or other. At the moment they are building the Jebel Islands opposite thehotel, although you can see them and hear them slightly it is not at all off putting!!! Trust me I am one that likes my sleep and I am a light sleeper!	
Jul 12 2005	Very disappointed	Can't believe this hotel rates 5*, compared with others we have stayed in Dubai. If you want a get away from it all its okay but you can get far nicer hotels in Dubai on the beach. Facilities limited unless your a sports person, choice of dining limited. Room ok but a bit tired and dated. Service indifferent - certainly not what one expects in Dubai. Building work offshore can be heard and seen and ther was oil on the beach and litter in the sea. The main hotel is a grey concrete eyesore. Check out and check in was slow, room was not ready when we arrived and we were left for an hour to amuse ourselves in our travelling clothes! Would not go again.	
Jun 26 2005	Wouldnt recommed it!	I recently honeymooned at this hotel after a two week stay in Thailand.We arrived at the hotel at 6.00am in the morning to be told that we would not have a room until 2.00pm in the afternoon! The reception staff then requested a £200 deposit off my credit card even though the rooms were already paid for. My partner and friends then asked where we were to relax after our long flight and the receptionist told us to lie on a sun lounger round the pool at 6am in the morning.We were not given any complimentry drinks /snacks until we complained to the manager.I was given a room at 10.30 am after much hassle, but my friends didnt get a room until 3.30pm!! I found the staff obnoxious and would not recommed this hotel to anyone.Our rooms were small and the carpet was dirty, what a let down to a dream honeymoon in Dubai.I also feel that the location of this hotel is too far away from Dubai centre.	
Jun 23 2005	Dream Hotel	Its a luxurious 5 star beach resort with a lot of facilities and activities that made our holidays unforgettable. we stayed for 2 weeks and every days we can do something new and eat is different restaurant. very long private beach that you can have you own privacy, golf course, shooting club, horse riding children activities, three swimming pools. Fine dine, Italian, Mediterranean, Asian, Steak house, theme buffet, sports cafe, 4 beach and pool bars, two night club what more do we need to enjoy our holidays. We are definetly back next year to enjoy this hotel.	
Jun 2 2005	Is it 5Star	Just returned from 10 nights at the Jebel Ali Resort. And to put it in a nutshell, we would go back.The main hotel rooms where our daughter and son stayed are small rooms in comparison with others, but well appointed.The biggest dissapontment is the balcony which have no chairs and are small, you would struggle to get 2 chairs on it comfortably.We staid in the Palm Tree Court and the room was very good. Big bath, walk in shower. Very good room attendant with great balcony. This certainly was 5 star.The hotel is let down by the decor in the coffee house where you can have breakfast and serves as a restaurant at night. Tired decor and chairs look tatty.Beach bar(Captain Jacks) shuts at 2100hrs but we went at 2000 hrs and service was poor,as was service in sunset lounge. Main complaint that it was slow.Beach was fantastic as loungers are on grass then onto pristine white sand. Beach attendants very friendly and move loungers, put up umbrellas and generally make a fuss of you.There are carts whizzing around who take food and drink orders, just incase you can't be botherd to move from your chair!!Buffet dinner works out at approx £20 for 3 courses and as much as u can eat, all good quality.Shooting club was great for obviously shooting but restaurant also good.Pools are all very good.Grounds are fantastic,but the flipping peacocks wake you up in the morning!You can see the new Palm development being built but as others state noise is like distant thunder and no concern. Rest of Dubai as you get closer to town has intense building work so being out of it was fine.Taxi to town 90 Dirhams.But overall we really liked the hotel, and in my experience you can find fault in them all. I made my observations known to the hotel. We flew in via Abu Dhabi and only 50 mins from airport on straight road.Go and enjoy, but try to book the Palm Court.	
May 27 2005	Perfect In Every Way	This place is absolutely beautiful. It is outside of the hustle and bustle of the city, and within private gardens, palm trees, etc. on the beach. The room I reserved was 169 a night, and when I arrived and checked in, they had upgraded me to a suite. A full 2 room suite (almost like an apartment) with 2 full baths, a dining area living area and in the other room, a king bed desk, tv, etc. It would be the perfect spot for a family vacation. I had a view that overlooked the sea on the second floor with a huge deck. I wish my boyfriend had been with me on this trip, because it is definitely a place to get the romance going. Beyond that, there were 2 peacocks who roamed around my suite and they crowed a bit. I am a heavy sleeper so it didn't really bother me, but it would bother a light sleeper. I have pics and will post them as soon as I download...I will be going back to this resort with my boyfriend for sure!!!!!!!!!!!	
May 24 2005	Enjoyed our stay	My husband and I just returned from Dubai and the Jebel Ali Palm Tree Court Hotel and Loved it! We did not find the construction off shore to be of any concern, in fact it took us a couple days to even realize that the noise, the slight rumble, was from the construction and not the hotel staff moving things. We agree the the Palm Tree Court is much more attractive than the Hotel, and advise that the Sea View is well worth the extra expence. Food at the resort was great, especially the Sunday Night Seafood theme at &quot;The Anchor&quot;. Book early as there is not much room at the Anchor. The Peacocks did wake us up everymorning at sunrise but they also entertained with a show of feathers in the afternoons. We found the staff helpful and friendly. Being Americans, our families were worried about our trip to the Middle East, but we experienced no problems at all, Dubai is a very welcoming place to all people.	
May 14 2005 	Jebel Ali Palm Tree Courts - A real Leading Hotel of the World	Yet again just returned from 4 weeks of travelling around Dubai and it's hotels. The Palm Tree Courts at the Jebel Ali Hotel again stood head and shoulders above most of Dubai's other 5 star deluxe hotels in terms of service, luxury, facilities and overall attention to detail by the excellent hotel staff in particular the maid service.I can only think of two other hotels i have stayed in Dubai which meet the exacting standards set by the Palm Tree Courts at the Jebel Ali, one of which is 300 metres plus tall and charges over £190 for an evening meal !! The other is the desert retreat of the Al Maha. Having said that both hotel's charge substantially more than the Palm Tree Courts for very little extra in my opinion.If you are looking for a retreat of fine luxury far enough out of the city then i can say for over all price, facilities the Palm Tree Courts at the Jebel Ali take a lot of beating. Plus booking a table at the hotel restaurants prior to dining is the norm in most fine hotels, just in case you weren't used to staying 1st class.	
May 10 2005	Fantastic - again	We stayed at the Palm Tree Court for the second time in the run up to our wedding. We were upgraded to a seafront suite, which was a fair way from reception, but very handy for the beach.We found all the staff excellent again, and my husband really enjoyed playing a couple of rounds on the resort course.We really enjoyed the shooting club and la Traviata for evening meals, and we also went to the Bateaux Dubai which is owned by the chain which was fabulous.Breakfasts are great with a really extensive buffet	
May 4 2005	Would not stay there again	We stayed at the Jebel Ali Hotel after 10 days in Thailand. We arrived at the hotel about 6.00 after an overnight flight from Bangkok, only to be told the room would not be ready until 12 noon and were finally given the room about 12.15pm. No complimentary drinks were offered, and we were just waiting along with other people for a room to be ready. The room was small, there is no room on the balcony for one chair let alone two, the carpet was dirty as were the ones in the lift and there were problems with us being half board and the hotel insisting for two days we were only bed and breakfast. Although there is a courtesy bus to the city, it is a one hour drive each way. Having said that, clean towels and bed linen were changed every day and the food in the hotel was excellent. The private beach is kept clean but we got the impression that they were trying to sell the rooms in the Palm Court at a cost of £56 extra per night. Compared with other hotels in Dubai, I would not rate this more than 3 stars, the older building needs a thorough makeover.	
May 4 2005	Jebel Ali just amazing	Spent the last few days of April 2005 at the Jebel Ali Golf Resort and Spa with my husband and children. A perfect location for a family holiday to please everyone, we stayed in a Palm Tree Court family suite with a sea view. The room had a huge 7' bed, and a sofa bed with plenty of room for table and chairs and access to the (big) balcony even when opened out for sleeping. There was a lovely big bathroom with 2 sinks (bliss), a separate shower area and a big tub. My husband and I played the 9 hole golf course (very nice grass course, not so easy) twice and the kids played badminton table tennis and table football at the clubhouse while they waited for us. Afterwards we had a choice of two large pools (one with a swim up bar, one seawater) and there is a large infant pool as well. The hotel has one kilometre of beautiful sandy beach, and plenty of beach and pool chairs. Life guards were actually in attendance at pool and beach! You can horseride along the beach, go clay pigeon shooting at the nearby shooting club, or as I did, hang out at the newly opened wonderfully luxurious spa. I had one of the best hammams ever. There is a choice of restaurants, including the usual average hotel fare, but we really enjoyed breakfast by the pool, the Friday poolside BBQ brunch, and dinner at Signatures - twice (the kids wanted room service and a movie and Signatures is definitely for the adults with a great menu and wine list, and maitre d - Tobias). This is a resort which accommodates and welcomes children - but manages to be relaxed and upmarket too. Only downside - dont come here if you want to go out on the town in Dubai - its a 40 minute taxi ride from town and the airport.	
Apr 19 2005	Wonderful hotel - great for families	We stayed in the main hotel complex for a week in march. We found the hotel staff friendly and very helpful. We took our son who is 16 months old with us and the hotel could not do enough for us. They left him free gifts in the room little ducks for the bath. The babysitters were excellent. The resort was very child friendly. Food was fabulous. We tried all the resturants and they were all top quality. it was nice to be away from jumeriah beach and all the construction and the shuttle bus enabled us to see these other areas when we wanted. Would recommend this hotel to anyone couples or families. They really looked after us and we can't wait to go back. Would definetly recommend the dune buggying. If you pay a little extra you can have a private tour with a car seat for the little ones. This can all be booked at the hotel.	
Apr 18 2005	a millionares paradise	Stayed here twice, so have some very well off american friends (and we all know how demanding they are) who thought it was the best hotel they have ever stayed in.Service was excellent (dont take quietness to be rudeness its the way they are)Rooms were small but comfortable, one spends of the time by the pool anyway.Food was first class, as was the choice, highly recommend the tapanyaki bar. booking was no problem, always do it anyway, therefore nvr dissapointed.Choice of pools was excellent and ability to sit anywhere.Private beach was a plus and unlikely to find such elsewhere in dubai.	
Mar 26 2005	A honeymoon to remember	My husband and i spent the second week of our honeymoon at the Palm Tree Court part of the Jebel Ali hotel. To say they made us feel special is the bigget understatement EVER!We paid quite a bit of extra money to stay in the Royal Jasmine suites which are the ground floor apartments overlooking the sea - WOW! Worth every single penny because included in the price was a champagne breakfast each morning and complimentary cocktails in the evening.The hotel itself is quite simply better than any I have stayed in - we stopped our final night in the centre of dubai as we had been advised that Jebel Ali was quite a trip from the city.... and we both wished we had stayed in Jebel Ali!Dubai is a mass of construction - and this hotel is a beautiful haven away from all that bustle.Take advantage of a trip into the desert - dune bashing is a LOT of fun..... but does jolt you around so be prepared!!!!!The Wild Wadi waterpark is great fun and well worth a visit!	
Mar 22 2005	perfect location	stayed at the hotel from 23 feb 2005 for 1 week.reception not too clever as we had to wait until 2.45 for our room-a wait of 6 hours after arrival.however after this initial hiccup it must be said every other service was perfect.room was spotless,staff helpfull and food in the al majed restaurant was of avery high standard considering it was buffet style.the grounds of the hotel and the pool areas are spotless and the private beach is swept daily.being away from all the building sites of dubai is a must and a taxi ride to the centre is only approx£10 or free if you use the hotel mini bus(book in advance as it soon gets full)	
Mar 17 2005	Difference of Opinion	It just goes to show 'you can please some of the people.........' We have just returned from a 10 night stay there and we had a great time. We stayed in the 'old hotel part with a sea view room. was offered an 'upgrade' to a Palm tree court room for a discounted rate. room was at the back so we stayed with the 3rd floor sea view. The room was fine. The staff at hotel were some of the best we have met. The holiday centred around the golf comps that were going on at the time so there was a special interest in the holiday as well as chilling out on the lovely beach and around the pools. The golf staff were excellent.  The only down side (which did not bother us too much) was the evening entertainment, the group were very good but a bit boring after a while. I think they were told to keep it calm though. So, overhall we enjoyed the holiday and would go back again. We moved into the city after the Jebel Ali and stayed at the Grand Hyatt ...no were near as good a service as the Ali.TIP....Dont get the 630pm coach into town. Take the earlier one. It takes far to long cos of traffic in the city. Hope this info helps people in their decision. All the reviews prove that people have so many different opinions.	
Mar 15 2005	Palm Tree Courts - NOT a Leading Hotel of the World...	Apologies to anyone who thinks of me as a hotel Snob, but, the Palm Tree Courts, were frightfully overpriced for what you got. I must admit, going to Dubai from Dec - March is just an overpriced holiday. For about £225 a night, I was expecting a bit more than the Palm Tree had to offer. The room looked like a box with no atmosphere, no Middle Eastern theme, nothing to indicate that i might be in any old hotel. You would expect proper wooden furniture, luxurious amenities. The actual hotel looked a bit tired despite being built in 2001. I also don't think that sharing the facilities with the Jebel Ali works. As a result of people paying £120 a night at the Jebel Ali, they can make their way over to the Palm facilities meaning - No lounge chairs at the pool (which is too small anyway), difficulty getting restaurant reservations, etc... Although our dinners at Signature, and Orchid were admittedly incredible, the room service food was dreadful - always cold &amp; limp. I think that the room service food was always cold, because their delivery service was always late. As my wife is pregnant, she couldn't find any tasty Non-Alcoholic drinks either, which is a bit strange as this is a non-alcoholic drinking country! In the end, i would rate the Jebel Ali a 3 to 4 star, and the Palm Tree Courts a 4 - 4 1/2 star - which is a shame, because the beach and Spa facilities are quite nice. (Spa recently renovated). As a result of our disappointing stay, we moved on Day 5 to Bab Al Shams in the desert for 4 nights, which was a welcome relief. The desert hotel had incredible service, and a pool to die for. The room was the complete opposite - an amazing &amp; quirky atmosphere (Morroccan theme) over looking the sand dunes.... Enjoy your holidays	
Mar 7 2005	Thoroughly recommended!!!	Just returned from 8 night stay. We stayed in a suite in Palm Tree Court and the rooms were extremely spacious and great sea views. We have a 1 year old daughter who was spoilt rotten by the very friendly and helpful staff. We had the same baby sitter every afternoon and evening throughout the week, who we would employ in London if we could get her a visa!! And a very reasonable £5 per hour.Food throughout was first class ... much above my expectations for a 'resort hotel'. Yes you had to book tables in advance, but that's the beauty of having done some research before going! Signatures French restaurant was as good as most restaurants in London ... guide price £75-100 for 2 people with glass of champagne + bottle of wine.Avoid the main hotel ... it does look a bit of a 1980's concrete relic. Palm Tree Court, however, was extremely clean and recently renovated throughout. Brand new Elemis spa was fantastic. Good tennis coach (£20 per hour), fully-equipped gym and excellent 9 hole golf course.Very few English people, which is always a plus ... hardly saw a tattoo all week, and no Burberry baseball caps ... except at the airport on the way back! Very chilled, low key and relaxed, even with a 1 year old.On the crucial issue of noise/construction, there is some major building going on offshore ... but noise is very limited (occasional 'thunder rumble', say 2-3 times per day), and nothing can be heard from inside the rooms. Aesthetically, it is no big deal ... unlike the massive projects going on near Jumeirah beach.All in all, thoroughly recommended!!!PS Book your own flights and the rooms direct with the hotel ... you'll get a better rate than through the brochures. Then if you don't agree with my review, you can leave the hotel the next day with no cancellation charge, and book in somewhere else!!	
Feb 25 2005	Very Disappointing	Having just got back from an 11 night stay at the Jebel Ali hotel we can not express how pleased we are to get home. We stayed here as part of our honeymoon trip and arrived early one morning to a smoke filled reception which even at that time of day was quite busy. The receptionist told us to sit down and after 10 minutes of being ignored my husband got up to get us checked in. We were in a superior golf view room in the main hotel, the room itself was nice, clean too but the view a bit grim. The restaurants are spread throughout the two parts of the complex, we had to eat in the main building for breakfast which can be no better described as Granada services! The Palm Tree Court which is the new addition to the complex is by far more superior and more fitting to its 'Leading Hotel of the World' title. Even down to the fact you got better sun beds in that part.The complex itself is along way from the centre of Dubai but with their courtesy bus running 3 times a day we didn't find it a huge problem. Most of the staff in the hotel were ok but there was also some staff that really made you feel that they didn't want to help you.It is a complex of two styles of building and when you walked round it really changed atmosphere moving from one to the other.One problem we encountered with the restaurants was they really liked you to book a table and could be quite funny if you didn't. As far as expense we were quite suprised how reasonable the food was for saying you were miles from any other competition, drinks were about average for a hotel.We really do feel that it only should be rated as a 4 star hotel, it is in need of some updating in parts but also to make it feel like it all belongs to one complex.	
Feb 18 2005	rude		
Jan 28 2005	Isolated Oasis		
Jan 20 2005	Loved it! Such a relaxing holiday!		
Jan 15 2005	5 star price but not 5 star quality		
Dec 25 2004	Recent Stay		
Oct 25 2004	Full relax at top level		
Aug 31 2004	small rooms compared to other dubai hotels		
Aug 4 2004	Superb resort		
Jul 1 2004	Not a single complaint .....		
Jun 15 2004	Fabulous resort		
Dec 18 2008 	Einfach entspannend!		
Sep 25 2008 	Fantastico!		
Aug 31 2008 	Séjour de rêve		
Aug 8 2008 	hotel sympa		
Jun 25 2008 	Palace époustouflant		
Mar 10 2008 	Super hôtel !		
Nov 5 2007 	Tolle Anlage aber 5*?		
Oct 21 2007 	Schrecklich altmodisches Hotel gehen dort nie mehr hin!!		
Dec 14 2006 	una settimana piacevole		
Oct 9 2006 	Tolle Lage schöne Gartenanlage!		
