Jun 4 2009 	Excellent value for money. Free shuttle buses are a lifesaver.	I paid about £45 a night for a double, which was way cheaper than anywhere else.We were lucky and had a female taxi driver who knew the hotel from the airport. The hotel is right next to Al Khaleej roundabout 15 mins from the Hyatt. The hotel do not advertise it as being opposite it, and the best map of the hotel is on asiarooms.com. The free shuttle buses to the beach and the mall will save you more money on taxis.Ignore other reviews of a lack of taxis in the area. Due to the credit crunch, they are desperate for tourists and will gladly pick you up. The brekkie was fine, abit like dinner though! The hotel is full of Russians but they were fine. Across the hotel is a local restaurant called al jazeera, where i had a curry dinner for £1.35!! Delicious too.My wife didnt like the area as its full of indians/pakistanis who stared at her and sometimes took photos!. But we never really hung out in this area, so it wasnt a huge problem.The best bet is to take the free shuttle bus to Jumeirah beach then take a bus or taxi to your destination, this saved us alot of money. Everyday they take you to a different mall. Do not take the Friday shuttle bus to Ansar Mall in Sharjah though, that place is awful!The staff were friendly and the rooms were kept clean. Definately reccomended for the budget traveller.	
Apr 18 2009 	Stay Away	Where to begin.....the front desk staff were unhelpful, the room smelled bad, the toilet leaked, there was no hot water, the shower was dirty, the sheets had stains and marks on them, the promised pool was empty for maintenance, they were varnishing chairs outside our room (everytime we came out of the lift we were overcome with the smell), we got random hang up phone calls in the middle of the night, both nights we were there and finally the breakfast was average at best. Not sure if some of our problems were because we were two young females travelling together, and they were just having us on, but it was a terrible experience.......we were even spat at on the street (yes, we were completely covered)......nice neighbourhood!!!!!	
Nov 10 2008 	not a good experience	My friend and i stayed at this hotel for 4 nights during a week when a convention was going on in Dubai, so hotels were either fully booked or more expensive than usual. It is located in easy walking distance to the Gold Souk and is in a very busy area. It is tucked away down a small street and until you reach your room, the hotel doesn't look too bad. However, the room was a very big disappointment. The twin room was extremely cramped and shabby looking. There was nowhere to put your luggage and once the luggage was squeezed in, there wasn't much walking space. There was a horrible stale smell, which you eventually got used to, but the bathroom was really something else. It was disgusting and if we could have found somewhere else that week, we would have. We didn't even want to use it bt needs must. i didn't want to touch anything. The towels, although changed most of the time were old looking and there was nowhere to hand your clothes except a mould ridden clothes line. he grout was black and the shower curtain looked old. There was no bath just an open shower cubicle with a curtain as an enclosure.The breakfast was mainly hot and reasonable which changed daily, but there wasn't a big selection. It would help to have breakfast on till 11am as when you're on holiday, having a lie in is something cherished especially when you have been up till late the night before.Finally, getting a taxi was a major problem, which is surprising considering it's in a very busy location. If you asked the hotel to book you a Taxi, you either waited at least an hour or it didn't turn up. If you ask them where to get a taxi from yourself, you were told from the Grand Hyatt. However this is a good 10-15 minutes walk away, which can seem alot longer when you are walking in the heat. I would give this hotel 1 star, however it does have a swimming pool (which we didn't use). The staff seem friendly enough. The tour operator did not understand or speak english, which made things difficult. At another hotel, their tour operator had been extremely helpful, advising us which buses to get and how much taxis should cost to get to a destination etc.In conclusion, i would not stay there again.	
Oct 17 2008	Good location	Fairly cheap hotel in the old part of Dubai. Close to many sights along the creek. The hotel is a bit run down but clean. Service is good. They made quite an effort to get a taxi to us thursday night. Breakfast is very strange - mashed potatoes and stew. It seemed more like dinner than breakfast.They say that they have a balcony, but they dont. It is near Hyatt but not right across. We would recommend it, it you need a simple hotel witth good location.	
Oct 12 2008 	Ok except for no internet and taxis	I stayed for about 3 days at the San Marco. The breakfast was good for the amount of money paid. There was no internet so I had to bring my laptop to the nearby internet cafes to log on. Clean hotel. Staff at front counter were civil. Latest check-out allowed is 1pm. No loud booming nightclubs which were a big plus! However, it's almost impossible to get a taxi there so I would advise that you have your own driver if you're in Dubai on business.	
Jul 2 2008 	They Are Racists!!!!!!!!!	I decided to stay at the san marco hotel in dubai because i enjoyed my previous stay the last time i was there-i normally stay at deira town hotel, but because of the noise from the nightclub, i decided to try san marco because of reviews i had read. I had an appointment with my doctor in dubai, so i decided to lodge at the san marco once more. I came back from shopping, a day after i had checked in and met my room locked-i couldnt use my room card to open the door. So, i now went to the reception to complain and one of the staff now said 'maybe you've not paid thats why the door isnt opening'. Luckily i had my receipt where i paid for my room for the one week i was going to stay, and instead of apologising, they merely rectified the mistake. I was so angry, i now berated the staff and he even had the nerve to tell me i could go to another hotel if i wasnt satisfied staying there! I now asked them wether that was how they treat their guests or was it because i was black? I noticed i was the only black lodging in the hotel. The only good staff with exceptional customer service was the indian (cant remember his name) that checked me in. Anyway, they can continue having the russians stay in their hotel for all i care-since it belongs to a russian-if thats how they want it! Afterall, there are better hotels in dubai. I've told all my friends worldwide (most of them are white) of my experience, and they vowed never to stay at the san marco. I will never stay there again!!!!!!!!	
May 17 2008	very pleasant stay	we statyed between 6 to 16 of may in san marco it's a nice hotel for the price you pay. the only thing the check in time is at 12 noon though the flights normally arrive in the early morning so we had to wait for about 3 hours in hotel before we could check in the hotel paid for the taxi to the hotel from airport staff is very polite and helpful. we had a problem with toilet it was leaking but got fixed next day. taxi is a big problem but a little efforts needed good breakfast and overall clean hotel in the area.so if ur looking for a good time go ahead and book it.	
Apr 12 2008 	Our 15 Minutes At San Marco	we chose the san marco hotel for the last night of our stay in dubai as it was a bit cheaper and a lot closer to the airport than were wed been staying. after been taken to our room which was small, stuffy and had a distinctive smell we checked the bathroom only to find ants running around the shower, tiles missing from the wall and a dirty shower curtain. we asked to be moved to a different room, to which they obliged only to find it was the same as the previous we therefore checked out immediately and found another hotel. This hotel is well below average and do not reccomend it to anyone.	
Apr 4 2008 	A pleasant stay and value for money!	I would rate my one night stay at San Marco as a pleasant one and good value for money. This hotel is located in Deira Dubai which on the other side of the creek. We paid Dirham 550 for a triple occupancy room. The room was tidy and very well maintained. The bathrooms/toilets were clean. Only complain here was that the hot water pressure was too less and so having a nice hot water bath was not convenient. There is a restaurant in the Hotel which serve buffet as well as ordered food. The food was ok, but the food items in the buffet weren't labeled. So identifying the food items was not straightforward. Fitness freaks would be glad to know that there is a gym in the hotel which can be used by the customers. Its not a big one but has reasonable equipment for a nice little work out.Another thing I liked about this hotel is that there are no noisy night clubs in its vicinity. So no late night music and you can enjoy some peaceful sleep after a tiring day of sightseeing.The room price includes breakfast in the morning. Breakfast is served as a buffet and had a wide variety of options like toast, omelet, samosas, juice, vegetables etc.Due to the short stay we hardly interacted with the staff. But we enjoyed good customer service.I would definitely recommend this hotel if you are looking for a budget hotel in Dubai.	
Mar 24 2008	Great hotel	Extremely friendly and helpful staff at this 3 star hotel in Deira. We found the location convenient for 'Old Dubai' and there is a bus station near the Hyatt if you do not want to walk or take a taxi.The items at the inclusive breakfast were varied daily but it was hot and there was enough choice. The restaurant menu was sufficient and good value. We always walked back from the Creek and found the souks fascinating.We had two rooms at the hotel; one was slightly better than the other, decoration wise but both were clean. Also, we had asked for a quiet room and they had allocated rooms at the back of the hotel away from the road. The rooftop pool is not heated, has a few seats and loungers and is good enough to sunbathe/cool down in. There is also a reasonable gym.For the price of £50 per room b&amp;b, we couldn't fault it. If you want a 7 star hotel try the Burj!!For anyone new to Dubai, Deira is the old, interesting part - not the modern skyscraper part that could be anywhere in the world!!	
Mar 2 2008	Cheap and Cheerful	Not one of the most luxurious hotels in dubai but it does provide cheap accommodation.The hotel is mainly for russians and i'm not sure if the breakfast was centred on this or it was more of a local cuisne, it was pretty strange nevertheless!The room was clean and comfortable enough and the air conditioning worked a treat. You need to put the water heater on before you want to have a shower though, i had a cold shower because i hadn't realised straightaway.The pool area is on the roof and is pretty small. There are only 4 sun beds. We managed to get one every day evenutally but not many people were using the pool during our stay. The water is freezing!An importnant note inline with the other reviews, don't underestimate the problems you will face getting a cab! I had read the other reviews but didnt think it would be much of a problem because i have been to dubai before and been followed down the road by cabs. Apparently it is a real problem though, cab drivers dont want to pick people up in busy areas. We aited an hour for a cab the first night, we actually flagged down 5 or 6 and they said no. Then on the last day we actually ordered a cab to the airport and it still took an hour to come to the hotel. We heard on the radio that they are starting a new thing where you can call a number and report cabbies that refuse to take you and they get banned for 10 days so it may not be a problem for much longer	
Jan 28 2008 	Average hotel but it was clean	This is a budget hotel in Deira. The hotel itself is quite nice but mainly caters for guests from Russia and Africa. It is difficult to get a taxi in this area. There is a gym and pool on the fifth floor. There was a sauna as well but it was closed. The rooms are okay with minibar, safe and television. They are also air-conditioned. The shower curtain in the bathroom is not long enough and water goes everywhere. The rooms were cleaned daily. It's not the best location unless you want to be in Deira. The five star glitzy hotels seems a world away.	
Dec 14 2007 	Compliments	We stayed at San MArco during 10 days.Everithing was wonderful! We arrived at 3.00 am and the welcoming was very warm. Wonderful room.Clean, Safe,The reception attendant are wonderful, very friendly, the restaurant Milano was good and the breakfast good.Thank You San Marco see u the next yearMr ZakMrs Chiara	
Oct 22 2007 	Pleasantly Surprised 	I stayed there while transiting and was surprised for the money that the hotel was quite nice. They even have the little magnetic cards instead of keys. It was at or above the level of the chains like Red Roof or LaQuinta. The location is not great if you want to catch a taxi, but there are lots restaurants. For budget traveler, I would recommend it.	
Sep 3 2007 	Dank hole in the wall - don't bother	My mother and I stayed at the San Marco in March 2007, on a business trip/holiday. We booked through HotelClub as the rate seemed good and they had a free shuttle bus to the shopping centre. We quickly discovered that most westerners should book a 4 star hotel and expect to pay at least Aus$100 per person per nite if you want your expectations met.The hotel is located off the beaten track in Deira - forget walking to any shopping or restaurants - it sometimes took 20mins to hail a cab, though fortunately these are cheap in Dubai. The hotel is dark and dank - windows look directly at walls next door in most cases. The room was clean but bathroom was massively disappointing - reminder us of communist block rather than the Emirates! Very shabby and water got everywhere.Towels small and scratchy.Breakfast and room service were not up to par for a 3 star hotel - bread was stale, jam tasted likie cordial, breakfast room itself not cleaned properly and the buffet (like the hotel) is over-run with Russian package tourists.I will say though that the front desk staff tried their best to be helpful with tours, phone messages, and directions. But they didn't have a whole let else to work with.My advice - pick a western chain hotel or something 4 star at least. Dubai isn't a cheap place to stay but you will want better than this!	
Jul 24 2007 	good little 2 star	this is a verry nice 2 star hotel not far from the hyat regency, the staff were verry helpfull, the air con was great because the tempreture in july is verry hot, verry good location not too far from anything, the previous reviewer must expect everything to be at hand,there are a lot of good cheap resturants close by, the pool is not olympic size but for a cooling dip is adequete, also you are not far from the night market at nasar square which is pretty good,after we checked out the staff let us use the swiming pool and the showers and supplied us with towels shampoo ect so we could freshen up before going to the airport, breakfast was not great,but if you ask they will do you toast ect, besides there is a subway (verry cheap) just around the corner for breakfast, i can recomend this hotel and would use it again myself	
Jul 8 2007 	No Water No Laundry service...very poor !	I was at this hotel with my wife and 2 children in April 2007 for 7 nights and there was problems with the water everyday. When approaching the staff about this they were all full of lies and excuses.. &quot;problem in the area, problem with pump, problem with blockage&quot; but when asking other people in the hotel they said that this had been going on for weeks. The staff were very unhelpful and often quite rude when approached about the problems with water. In the end I had to go and have a shower in the hotel my friend was staying at just down the road.To rub salt into the wounds, my flight on the last day was at midnight and the staff insisted that I vacted my room and 11am saying that someone else was staying in the room. However when I checked in the evening there was no one in the room. With all the problems with water the least the hotel could have done was let me stay in the room a few hours more !In terms of location the hotel is in a seedy area with 'women of the night' everywhere. Taxis often refuse to go to the area because of the traffic and the one way system so expect to do some walking to find a taxi.All in all I would definately not recommend this place !	
May 22 2007 	Value for money hotel with Great staff and facilities	we stayed with two small children and found the hotel to be great for what we paid. Aside from the fact that the bathroom is pretty basic , the room is ventilated solely by air conditioning and that the furniture in the rooms is dated we enjoyed our stay thanks to the wonderful staff. All staff made us feel extremely welcome and went above and beyond the call of duty to make us feel at home and the location is just off a main street, so while u still get to take in the 'realness' of how people live day to day the hotel is still close to the taxi ranks to take you to the gold souks and many other shopping malls. ( the porter ran out to the main road to fetch us a taxi as we were told if we called one we would be waiting for half an hour.)The weights room has a range of dumbells and a few treadmills and benches it is small but well equiped and my husband had no problems getting in a decent workoutThe breakfast was lovely and included in the room rate, and we found the buffet to be well prepared and contain a wide range of choices.They also offer a free shuttle transfer to and from the airport organised when booking , as well as organised outings- which can be organised on arrival. all in all great value for money	
Apr 22 2007 	Absolute Crap!!!	There was no water when I came to this hotel with my wife. We spent over 2hrs trying to get the hotel staff to fetch 2 buckets of water to our room so we could have our baths. Other guests told us this had been going on for 3 daysAlso, this hotel claims to be opposite Hyatt Regency, but is over 1km away from there. It is in a dirty, remote part of Dubai I never even knew existed. Taxis often refuse to go to this area of town and once you're there, it's equally difficult to get a taxi. There's terrible traffic almost throughout the day, the worst Dubai has to offer.The hotel claims to have laundry services, but we were told by the hotel staff to send our clothes to road-side laundry merchants.All in all, this hotel feels like a complete waste of money!!!	
Mar 13 2007	Good budget hotel	Stayed at this hotel on three seperate occasions over February 2007. The location was quite good (very close to the gold souk and about a ten minute walk to the main part of town). The staff were friendly and helpful. But remember, it is only a 2star hotel. It was clean but relatively simple and basic. Breakfast was included on my trip however it wasn't what I would call an American buffet breakfast.All in all not a bad little hotel.	
Mar 5 2007 	Lovely staff	We stayed at the San Marco hotel in Dubai for 6 nights during Feb-March 2007.We received a warm and friendly welcome, the staff is very polite and nice, eager to help out in any situation.The rooms were ok, clean and nice for a 2 star hotel. The location was great, near souks, mosques and the hotel also offer free shuttlebus service to beach and shopping. Good value for money and I would go back any time.	
Dec 18 2006	good choice but	stayed in san marco for 3 nights. the hotel is simple but clean and comfortable, and the small swimming pool on the roof was great! the location is good for the more 'local' parts of the city and convenient for the airport.service was okay, except for one big but: I left some postcards and money at reception for the guys to post them (their idea) but none of the cards found their way to their destination! so they never posted them from the hotel. disappointing. we left postcards also at another dubai hotel and these arrived in due time.	
Jul 27 2006	ok	Very clean, nice atmosphere. swimming pool closed for serval days which was really bad. not a great location. poor restaurant, but then what restaurants are good in dubai, they love their KFC and pizza hut.	
Feb 21 2006	Great hotel Great people Great value.	We stayed at the san marco for 4 nights in feb 2006 &amp; received a warm welcome, great service, lovely breakfast &amp; comfortable bed. Swimming pool was nice if a little on the small side, but the staff were extremely helpful &amp; accommodating. Great value for money &amp; would definitely go back again.	
Nov 24 2005	great budget hotel in centre of old dubai	stayed in dubai for four nights on cheap budget.great value at 42 pound a night. in old dubai, next to souks ,mosques and really cheap but good cafes . helpful staff,booked in early .clean modern rooms,similar to 3star spanish hotels,with roof pool, and free bus to beach.go to mamzar only 80p, not £25 at jumeirah!.dont be put off by surrouding area,although shabby, extremely safe and friendly.remember,this is real dubai not £300 a night resort.in all very good value for budget independent traveller.	
Dec 12 2007 	finger weg!!!		
Oct 17 2007 	Hotel excellent		
Jun 17 2007 	Très bon rapport qualité prix dans quartier populaire		
