	Not good value for money	I had to move over form the beautiful Novotel I was in because it was booked for an event. The Metropolitan smells like a brothel, and has a Stalinist staff. The rooms are large (huge by today's hotel standards) &amp; they are clean. But I think that it is a 3 star hotel charging 4 star rates. Many times, the rates at the nearby Taj and certainly the beautiful Novotel are lower than this dated hulk. The breakfast is depressing. I believe the internet rate in their bsns centre was $15 per half hour. But if you can find the intnt cafes a few blocks away, the rate is a couple of dollars per hour. They charged $1.50 for a local call of 2 minutes. Dubai is a v. greedy, money-obsessed destination.	
Sep 23 2009 	Friendly Staff Good Service Good Location	This was third time I stayed at this hotel, and I was perfectly happy with my choice every time. Reception staff are extremely polite and efficient, we had a early flight and they give us the room two hours before checking time.The room was clean, and had a brand new TV in it, each time we left the hotel we came back to find our room cleaned and towels replaced.Our electrical devices had different plug than the ones in room, when we asked reception about this they send us adapter immediately.I want to thank specially Mahmoud at reception whom was very patient and helpful and helped us to extend our check out time for two hours which was very convenient and we find a chance to use pool because of it.Thanks Metropolitan Deira Staff and managers to make our staying pleasant.	
Sep 8 2009 	please read before you book	We stayed at this hotel in september after having other holidays previously at the other beach hotels for a change to be near the city for shopping and to try a city location hotel, the positive points were the cabs were readily available all the time, you could walk into the shops at city centre if you were brave enough to try to cross the roads to get there which we only did the once then choose to get cabs as it was far safer.Now for the hotel itself, we checked in was taken to our room then once we turned the air conditioning on -it blew a fuse every time we turned the tv on.After 5 minutes of this we heard a knock on our room door and it was a manager asking if the room was okay which we thought was strange so we think they already knew there was a problem with the electrics in this room, after 3 attempts to repair it they decided to move us to another room,which was okay apart from a greasy cooking smell which we couldnt quite figure out.Room service was very slow, it took 2 trips to bring a pot of water and another to go back and bring us a cup &amp; saucer for us to drink from!! The pub downstairs the dublin arms was so expensive-nearly six quid for a pint and three quid for a can of pepsi ,we were kept amused though as it was rammadan and we couldnt have any music so we sat and watched all the prostitutes at work trying to chat up all the men there on business, sometimes with success, the staff seemed to know the prostitutes as they knew them on first name terms.Staff in the pub were helpful enough(when they wasnt playing pool together ) Breakfast in this hotel was the same everyday NOT GOOD very poor basic selection,we waited so long one morning to get a cup of tea that we ended up going and pouring our own drinks, the staff were so so slow, we thought they had two speeds- slow and stop.We went on the free shuttle bus to the habtoor grand hotel twice and had to go via other hotels on the way while the driver delivered parcels to the other hotels, we never ever had this before doing deliverys in our time, we found this annoying when on the return trip home to our hotel that we had to sit and wait whilst the driver had a chat to the other hotel staff he knew when we just wanted to get back to get ready to go out for dinner.We personally would not stop here again as we felt it was just a hotel for business people and not very family friendly, nothing to do in this hotel regarding entertainment apart from people watching for yor own amusement in the pub.	
Jul 9 2009 	Clean and Comfortable	I arrived in DBX out of Kabul, with no res and needed a room for about 15 hrs. I booked it at the Hotel Res counter in the airport. They sent a car to pick me up (free) in 15 mins and checked me right in. The rooms are clean and nice, though be careul of the internet policy, after 40 mins you're charged the 24 hr rate, which equates to about $31. Otherwise I was happy to have a clean comfortable bed in a clean, quiet room. Walking distance to City Center and a few restaurants nearby, though the Irish Pub in the hotel looked quite enjoyable. Dislikes: High internet prices; also, I had prepaid for the room yet they still wanted a cash deposit during my stay for &quot;incidentals&quot;, I negotiated leaving my passport at the front desk instead. Also, at check out I had to wait 10 mins while they ran to the room to make sure I had not used the mini-bar. But the free mini-bus back to the airport allowed me to come and go from DBX without ever changing money.	
Jun 10 2009 	Good not great	Stayed here for 2 nights. Nice, comfortable room. Didnt face any major problems.Ate at the hotel only once and the food was ok. The location is very convenient for shopping etc. Its not a luxurious place, but certainly a good one.	
May 29 2009 	Confusion and Lack of Communication	Second time I've stayed there and while the staff is very friendly the hotel has some issues. There are no irons and boards in the rooms so you are forced to call for one. Housekeeping will say ok and then 45 minutes later you call again and they tell you they don't have any currently. This happened twice to me. They do offer free pressing to make up for it but it can pinch you for time in the morning. I was also forced to shift rooms due to a water leak in the room above. No problems with that but I was beat from the day and just wanted to crash, not deal with packing up and moving down the hall. No room upgrade was offered for inconvenience.Lastly the billing was total screwed up and I wonder if it will ever get straightened out.I would suggest the Sheraton Four Seasons as an alternative. Same price range, a newer building and things seem to work right there.	
Apr 26 2009 	Desert vacation	Good hotel....spacious n clean rooms...had a major problem at check-in...the hotel was over booked.....n they were askin me to go to a hotel 10 kms away from the city center....finally managed to get a room...otherwise all ok	
Mar 16 2009 	Need a lot of improvement but it is not too bad!	Stay there March 09 for the Tiesto Concert, actually just checked out yesterday. Our first impression to the hotel was the weird - disturbing smell at the lobby. We guess it might came from the restaurant at the Mezzanine floor. But no, it's not the food smell. We could not figure out exactly what it is. The check in process took too much time and the receptionists seem so upset all the time. At one point, my boyfriend mentioned if their salary would be deducted if they smiled.The room itself is quite alright, but not exactly like we saw in the picture. It was a smoking room but it had a clean smell which I do appreciate. Bathroom is too small and the shower curtain always stick to my body while taking shower. We also have a cute small balcony. But the wall is believed to be thin as I could easily hear the car horn and I could hear the toilet flush from, I guess, the above room. Room service staffs were helpful. The swimming pool was too small. It took only 5 seconds to reach another side of the pool, but the water was nicely warm! The location is great, 15 minutes walk to City Center and the taxi are there most of the time. Over all, it was not so bad comparing to the price we paid. But the cleanliness need an improvement big time!	
Mar 4 2009 	Good Value Rooms	Stayed here for 2 nights in feb 09. Clean rooms, comfortable beds. OK if you intend to visit Dubai city as a tourist you can walk to the Creek and the Gold souks in about 20mins. Only down side is the Dublin bar was empty at night and charged £7 for a pint of beer and £30 for a bottle of house red. It is not the hot spot of Dubai's nightlife.	
Mar 4 2009 	A quiet location and reasonable value for money	We stayed in this hotel for 7 nights in February 2009. We arrived at 1.30 in the morning but check-in was quick and painless. The staff were friendly and efficient. Our room (no. 619) was fine and had a very large and very comfortable bed. The pillows were too deep and firm for me but we had no problems getting them changed. We had a large flat screen TV, internet access, mini fridge, hair dryer and room safe, but unfortunately no tea/coffee making facilities. The bathroom was small but clean and adequate. The room was reasonably quiet, except for a fire alarm that rang briefly at 3am the first night (we never found out why). There was a bit of traffic noise from outside but not enough to keep you awake. The hotel had a small gym, separate male and female saunas, roof-top pool with loungers, a jacuzzi and a small bar. Pool towels were provided. The hotel is situated in an established part of Deira and it is not surrounded by building sites, unlike a lot of Dubai. It is not very close to the many of the sites of Dubai (which are all quite spread out anyway) so you do need to take a taxi everywhere. However, the taxis are very plentiful, cheap, reliable and safe. However, only use the official metered taxis as there are some rogue taxis, which charge you inflated prices. The hotel runs it’s own transports to it’s sister hotel somewhere close to the Dubai beach and they also run to Deira City Centre Shopping Mall. My husband had a birthday while we were staying there and the staff surprised him with a lovely, sponge birthday cake left in our room on the morning of his birthday.Buffet breakfast was provided in the main restaurant on the first floor, which was adequate with a reasonable selection of hot and cold food. This room also served as a buffet dinner restaurant in the evenings – the Al Riqa Restaurant. We ate here only one evening, which I think cost 89Dh per person. It was okay but nothing special. There was also a very nice Chinese Restaurant on this floor called Summer Place, which we tried on our last night and had a lovely meal. The prices here were reasonable and the staff friendly. On the ground floor was a tea lounge called The Royalton Lounge – again, the staff here were lovely. The hotel also had a pub called The Dublin Arms, which I think was appalling and I would hate any foreigners to think that this was a typical Dublin pub. It was dark, dreary and seedy. It had a poor selection of drinks. It allowed the patrons to smoke (which would certainly not be the case in Dublin). They served greasy crisps with your drinks. They also served meals here but the menu was not particularly appetising. We had just one drink there and didn’t go back again. I have been to many bars in Dublin and they are not like this! If you want a good pub, try The Sherlock Holmes pub in The Arabian Courtyard Hotel in front of The Dubai Museum.	
Feb 3 2009	Don't expect any flexibility from this hotel	I can only add to other comments on the reception staff on this hotel. They are terrible - unhelpful and COMPLETELY INFLEXIBLE. I had read other reviews about not being able to check in early. Well it's all true. We arrived at 4:00am after a long overnight flight, at which point we were offerd the possibilty to check in early if we wanted to pay an additional £60 ! We naturally declined . This obviously meant that the room was vacant, and considering we'd just come from South East Asia where if a room was vacant there was never an issue to check in early with no charge, and this was all standards of hotel from moderate to expensive hotels. Having decided that we were not going to be ripped-off we decided that we'd once having slept in the foyer for a bit , to go exploring when light and return at the appointed check in time which was 12:00pm. In the end we returned to the hotel at 11:30am. At this point we attemped again to check in but were told that we couldn't as it was company policy (yet we knew the room was empty !).At that point having had very little sleep I forcibly expressed my dismay and utter incredulence at this attitude. But I was still told check would be 12:00pm as they 'needed to prepare the room' - utter nonsense of course. In the end we did end up checking in 20mins early. Once you get past the Nazis front desk (they were always miserable and unhelpful) the rest of the staff were very pleasant and helpful. However the attitude of the reception has put me off ever staying in this hotel ever again. Rooms themselves are basic and not too clean either	
Jan 22 2009 	Good all rounder	I booked this hotel because I need one nights accom nearish to the airport and had stayed in this hotel previously 2 years before. Another reason I booked was because I enjoy the Irish pub on the left as you walk in. Rooms are basic, lots of amenities in the bathroom, clean, full bath and shower with clothes rail, hair dryer, window in bedroom opens. Bed comfy. I paid about £60 for one night which wasn't too bad, I booked with the hotel direct. Not recommended if your in Dubai to do all the touristy things, this is an airport hotel.	
Dec 26 2008 	A Great Place	I had to stay at this Hotel as it was the company's choice. I found the staff friendly and helpful. The room was very nice and comfortable. I also enjoyed the Summer Place Chinese Resturant which I thought was quite good. I would stay here even if it was my personal choice and not the company's. Its an excellent hotel for the business traveller.	
Dec 3 2008 	Too basic	I would never stay again in this place. Rooms are too basic, elevators are cleistophobic, lobby are below average. Should only be your last option in Dubai. However, staff is really gentle and pleasant	
Nov 19 2008 	Convenient Metro	Stayed at the Metro in September and I must say that if you are travelling on a tight budget and still desire comfort and a serene room, Metro is the place to stay. I arrived at midnight and rooms were easily avialable. Given it's location in the middle of active deira, I didn't expect much, but on getting into the room, I wished I had travelled with my spouse. I paid $100 per night which I found so cheap. The room was clean with proper air conditioning and tv. I was there for only two days. Despite it's location in the city, the nights were peaceful. I found it quite a distance from the central parts of dxb and was only saved on the cost of cabs by a friend who showed me around for a cheaper fare.The directory in the room was useful in helping me find what i came to buy. My only complaint was the 2 minute call that I made to Uganda, East Africa from the room phone which cost an arm and a leg. Don't know whether it was the hotel being extortionate? Parking for pick-ups and drop offs was also a challenge. U have to park a block or two away. The front drop-off is ever full and police is always on hand to fine drivers who stay al little too long. They should've considered underground parking.The mini bar was well stocked and promptly replenished. This was cheap as well.On the whole, &quot;never judge a book by its cover&quot; ... the environment on the outside might scare you away, but on the inside, it's unbelievable! Another plus was the availability of a weighing machine for your luggage preparations.	
Nov 18 2008 	Very good hotel	I stayed in this hotel for a week in October 2008. The summary is below:Bad things: Couldnt check in until 12pm even though we got there at 11am so had to wait an hour which wasnt great after a long flight.It is very hard to get a taxi from the hotel as it is just off a main road and the hotel couldnt get one as wellGood things:Clean roomgood staffnice poolGood food, basic breakfast but sufficientdecent location, lots of restaurants 5/10 min walk awayclose to the airportdecent minibus facilities to jumeraih beach and the city centre mallOverall the hotel was very good bar a couple of things both which were not that bad in the end. I would recommend the hotel as it is price effective	
Nov 16 2008 	Absolutely great	Good value, very friendly and helpful staff, convenient location and very comfortable. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay and took daily advantage of the rooftop pool. What you see is what you get - and not one of the many &quot;style over substance&quot; hotels that I have stayed in before. Thank you	
Nov 4 2008	Very Basic	I've actually stayed at the Metropolitan Deira a few times. Each time, I've had some sort of hassle with the staff. I'm pretty easy to please, so this is unusual. But it's one of the cheapest yet decent places in Dubai so I kept going back. Here were my problems.1. First time I checked in (11:30pm after a long flight) they said they'd &quot;misplaced&quot; my reservation. They left me sitting in the lobby for over an hour. They told me they were going to send me to their sister hotel. Then they managed to &quot;find&quot; an available room. That room was there the entire time. Never got an apology.2. The second time I stayed there I arrived a couple of hours before the official check in. I made sure I'd informed them I'd be requiring an early check in and they'd told me no problem. When I showed up, they said they'd have to charge me for an extra day. Why hadn't they told me this when I'd informed them earlier? They told me to have a seat in the lobby and they'd look into it. Finally, after an hour I asked what was happening. They said they hadn't yet looked into it! They just left me sitting there. I paid extra for the room and they sent me a complimentary fruit basket.3. The third - and final - time I stayed there was this past August. When I returned to my room from some meetings, I found that all the business receipts I'd had organized on the desk were gone. I got the housekeeper and he said he'd thrown them away - as though this was perfectly natural. I'd been traveling throughout Asia and it was all my receipts plus some warrenties for office equipment I had purchased. All of them were gone! Maybe you throw away a banana peel, but unless it's in the bin you don't throw away a guest's paperwork! I complained to management and was told if my papers were important they should have been kept in the room safe. Pretty insufficient response in my opinion. I'd like to meet the business person who locks up their receipts every night.I won't be staying there again. But if you need a cheap, clean room and don't think you'll require ANY customer service, then feel free to stay there.	
Aug 26 2008 	A great place to stay	As a single, asian, female, travelling alone in Dubai I was a little worried. My biggest concern was to ensure that I found good accomodation. I did all the research I could before leaving the UK and read a number of reviews about this hotel (and many others) on various websites. There was a range of opinions which confused me!!As you may know there are hundreds of hotels in Dubai and everyone has a different experience. I decided to bite the bullet and booked this hotel. The hotel staff were really friendly and couldn't do enough for me. The room was clean and the rooftop pool was a bonus. Daily papers in English are delivered to your room every morning and the tourist information provided in the room was useful. I ordered room sevice a couple of times and it was good. I also visited the Dublin Arms bar which is on the gorund floor and wasn't hasseled by anyone.I have travelled alone to many places and I have to say that this hotel is up there with my favourites. It is definately good value for money.	
Jul 17 2008 	Convenient for Stopover	This hotel cost me about Eur120 a night in March 2008, which was plenty for 3star accommodation. The room was adequate, perhaps a little basic, but suited me as I spent little time there. I visited the pool on the roof one evening, which I had to myself, save for 2 elder couples on deck chairs. The water was warm, though at 5pm the pool was in the shade. There was a good choice at the buffet breakfast the next morning on Level 1 with several newspapers from the region to choose from. There are some restaurants and a bar in the hotel also, though as I didn’t frequent them, I cannot comment on them. The hotel is located in the Deira region of the City, quite close to the airport (Eur5 in a taxi) and about a 10 minute walk to the Deira City Centre Mall. This is one of many large modern shopping malls in Dubai with plenty shops of all kinds to choose from. It was from here that I started my journey on a “Dubai Big Bus” tour (Eur 35 approx). Its convenient as Deira is one of just a few places that you can choose both the Red and Blue routes. These are a good way of seeing the entire city, and include a stop at the beach and a boat ride along the Creek. As might be expected, the vast majority of noteable sights, were 5 star hotels and large shopping centres. The hotel organised a taxi to the airport for me at 6am the next morning, a journey which took no more than 10 mins. On a 2 day stop-over, this hotel suited my requirements as it is close to the airport, close to a mall and convenient for a city tour which stops at the beach.	
Jul 2 2008 	Customer focussed Management	As a business traveller who travels to Dubai once or twice a year and have not found a hotel in Dubai that consistently delivers, I decided to try Metropolitan Diera this time and was not disappointed. While the initial room that I was given had some air conditioning noise coming from outside i requested and was provided with a new room without hassle.There happened to be a rugby test on the day that I arrived and I happened to run into Pradeep the Duty Manager who arranged to have this shown in the pub. From this time on until I left some 5 days later Pradeep always asked how things were and I was very impressed with the service received.Had a meal in the Chinese restaurant one evening and the waitress Angel was great. The culture in Dubai seems to be not to take responsibility or to make decisions but Angel was prepared to recommend dishes and discuss choices. Following her recommendations was well worth while and rewarding for the quality of the dishes selected.Overall a good hotel at a reasonable price and well located in Deira.I will return.	
Jun 14 2008 	Nice hotel	It's clean and nice hotel, but little bit old.there is a pub in the lobby, so it'll be crowded by nightthe hotel have a private car parking in the basment, but it's difficult to get in or out withought scratiching the car, becouse the entrace and exit of the car parking too small.	
Feb 15 2008 	very good staff	We spent five nights here on the way to the maldives, we where looking for a more central hotel opposed to the beach hotels thinking there would be more to see and a lot more choice of places to dine at in the immediate area, found it to be the correct decision after going to the sister hotel at the beach for a day. The beach hotels are nice but they are in a building site with not a great deal there from what we could see !!!. The hotel runs a shuttle bus to the beach once a day and the deira shopping mall twice a day . Found the mall at deira better than the mall of the emirates,but thought that the prices in the shops in dubai are about the same price has in england only thing that is cheaper is gold at the gold souk. The rooms are of a reasonable size, clean and functional . The room we where given had a balcony at the front of the hotel with not much of a view but then it is in the city so it was expected. The breakfast wich is a buffet i found to be good and filling.There is a small swimming pool on the roof with towels supplied, with space for a few sun loungers, there is also a small gym and sauna .The bar at the hotel wich is like an irish theme bar is interesting !!!!,my wife and i went there most nights the staff are nice and freindly, has are all the staff there. If we ever return to dubai we would use this hotel again.	
Feb 2 2008 	This place is alright!	I have seen this hotel several times when in Dubai, but never really thought about staying there. There is an Irish bar in the hotel, which I am not sure if it is still open when I was there.One thing that should be known about the hotel is caveat emptor, let the buyer beware, and book via their website if you want the best deal. Calling them will only give you a headache when they want to charge almost 2x as much as on the website. Also, just take the cheapest option, the lower floors. My colleague too the more expensive option for higher floors and was a little angry when we compared rooms... mine was exactly the same!! So avoid the small rip off, take the cheap rooms.OK, so the hotel itself is right at the Deira Clock tower round about, but the front doors are in a little side street just off the main one. The taxi driver should know how to get there. Be careful to make sure the driver knows which Metropolitan, this is the one at Deira.The rooms were actually very good and were a lot better than what I had expected for the price. The bathroom was very clean and the room was also. The bed was very comfortable and the rooms were very quiet, except... the music in the hallway, it was very loud! I could hear it in my room... and on the first night, a fire alarm was conveniently being tested at around 2230hrs.. handy.The area is about a 5 minute walk from Al Rigga street, where you can pretty much get anything you like. But there are also some other little local eateries around the area. Other than that there is not much going on and its kind of nice to have a quiet hotel in Dubai. Please remember, this is a hotel, not some resort.The internet was overly priced and was quite slow... if you use it for 40 mins, you end up paying the 24hr price, perhaps thats why it was so slow... however if you feel like it, just walk around the neighbourhood and you will soon have your pic of unsecured wireless connections.	
Oct 7 2007 	Lovely comfortable beds	We stayed here for three nights at the end of a busy 4 1/2 week cruise/european holiday so were looking for a bit of r&amp;r and some shopping. It was 43deg with 90% humidity while we were there and it was also Ramadan. Our room was lovely and spacious with big windows overlooking the street. The airconditioning didn't seem to work as well as it could of, maybe it was suffering with the humidity too. Beds were king size and really comfortable which was good because we had had some pretty uncomfortable sleeps elsewhere. Shower worked well and had good pressure. We had a de-luxe package and received a bottle of red wine on arrival, 1/2 hour internet access daily, a fruit bowl and bottled water every day as well as breakfast, all included. Breakfast was nice with a good selection of food and lots of wait staff to fill your coffee, tea cup etc. We found the staff very helpful and friendly during our stay and ate in the Irish Bar one night which was nice food and good service.	
Oct 4 2007 	Lovely hotel with incredible service	First time staying in this hotel , but it will definitely not be the last. Extremely well trained staff.	
Aug 24 2007 	Good hospitallity	Its an above average Hotel. Cheap and near shopping Malls.Dont excpect something from that place except from the nice people that working there.If ill go again in Dubai ill not stay there not because there were something wrong but because there are better Hotels.	
Jul 19 2007 	Not very bad not very good...	The Metropolitan Deira has a good location at the clocktower roundabout, which is about 10 minutes from the airport. You have to take a taxi to see anything, but I guess that's everywhere, since Dubai is quite extensive.We asked for a room on a low floor in the reservation, but there wheren't any. We could stay in a luxuous room for 1 night, and than move to an other, normal room. Since I didn't like to move after 1 night, we had to pay for the 2nd night in our luxurious room.Beds are fine, room was clean and big, view on the clocktower roundabout (I guess other rooms have no view since there are standing other buildings around the hotel) breakfast was ok...So it was an ok hotel, but for october I've booked another hotel in Dubai...	
Jul 17 2007 	nice hotel	I have stayed at this hotel several times and often request room 501 .The rooms are fairly spacious and well equipt bathroom as well as mini bar and room safe and the beds being very nice as well. There is a small roof top pool which is never crowded in the two weeks i was there which was well maintained. There is a good buffet breakfast and irish pub in reception. The staff are very good and friendly. Although this is certainly not the best or most luxuarious hotel in dubai i find it very convient to the shopping centers. There are one ot two very minor areas of the hotel that need a little refurbishment but find that in most establishments but all in all a very nice hotel i would return to again meet some really nice people there as well given the price i was very satisfied with this hotel.	
Jun 19 2007 	Ok but wouldn't stay again	I stayed in this hotel for a number of reasons, but mainly that it was a great rate ($88/night for a twin room) and I was paying myself! There is nothing particularly wrong with the hotel or its quality of staff. Everyone I spoke to was polite and helpful, if not gushing with enthusiasm. Suneer in the breakfast room was the exception - very helpful and friendly. We (my son and myself) stayed three nights in June 2007.I also booked the hotel because it was in Deira. Knowing Dubai traffic I wanted something the same side of the creek as the airport. However that was my first mistake. All my business was over in Bur Dubai or further afield - it took me almost 45 minutes one day just to get over the creek.The hotel: Breakfast - Ok but pricey at Dhs69 for the pretty ordinary buffet. Location – can be a nightmare to get a cab; we had to walk on many occasions, and in 42 deg heat that can be exhausting!Internet – extremely pricey. Dhs 100 for 2 hours. Go to the internet cafes just a block away for at Dhs 5 for one hour.Room – Ok, did the job. Bathroom not the largest, no plasma TV, but free slippers. But clean and towels replaced regularly.Summary: a decent hotel, but don’t expect anything more than the four stars it maintains. The location lets it down big time in my opinion but the rate I got (through Hotels.com) was excellent. I would not use the hotel again, but this is down to location.	
Mar 19 2007 	Great Hotel	Having read some previous reviews about the Metropolitan Deira in Dubai I was a bit sceptical about booking a single room there. However I found the staff very friendly, the hotel was very clean and all the facilities were excellent. The only down side was that I arrived 7.00am after a long flight from Singapore and was told I would have to wait 5 hours for my room or pay £28 to have it by 8.00am. I put my case in reception and decided to lounge around on one of the many comfortable settees until 10.00 when I took the complimentary bus to the town centre for a couple of hours and came back, checked in and had a sleep for a few hours. It would have been nice to have had coffee/tea facilities in the room but having read on Trip Advisor that these were not a facility, I took my own travel kettle etc. I have stayed in 5 different hotels in Dubai over the last few years and this was definitely the best value for money. I would be disappointed if I could not get a room here next year.	
Mar 11 2007 	not an exhilarating experience	Ok for a one night stop, but they run a scam whereby you are booked, confirmed, met at the airport, then they say they didn't expect you at this time and unfortunately, it’s before mid day so you will have to pay an extra £40.00 to have the room early.I will not be using them again. Robert Brown	
Dec 27 2006	OK Hotel but rude staff	I have been to Dubai a few times and stayed at the Met hotel on Sheik Zayed Rd (which is a good hotel), so thought it would be a nice change to stay at the Met Deira. I would have to say I would not go back. The staff on the front desk are surly and unhelpful. They do not smile and seem to make it their job to be as unhelpful as possible, which is a shame as it turned what would have been an OK stay into one that was not good. The rooms were acceptable for the money and the restaurant, while being underwhelming, is what you would expect for the money - so from this perspective, while not being great, there is nothing wrong with the hotel. The location is OK (and is handy to the airport).Overall, I was pretty disappointed, and given the selection available in Dubai, would not bother with this hotel again.	
Dec 15 2006 	Convenient for a short stop-over	The Metropolitan Deira is a convenient hotel for a short stop over. Do not expect any fancy extras.The hotel is situated 10 minutes from the airport, near the clock tower. The advantage of staying in the City Centre is to avoid the eternal traffic jams at Sheikh Zayed Road where many of the newer and pushier hotels are situated.Check-in was swift and the room standard for a four star hotel. Some of he functionalities of the room are outdated. There is a combined telefax phone that probably no one uses, so its’ best to unplug it for laptop use. There is still a telephone that rings in the bathroom. The TV is small and old. Wifi is not available nor any decent internet connection.Hotel guests are not bothered in the Metropolitan Deira by a noisy night club, as it is often the case in Dubai City Hotels. The “Dublin Arms” pub is situated at the lobby level. The prices are affordable for Dubai. The pint goes at AED 22.—and from 6-9 pm 20% discount is given for happy hour.The breakfast is dull and did not leave any memorable impression. Omelettes and eggs are freshly cooked. Two big shopping malls that are in walking distance are the City Centre and Al Ghurair Centre. Many shops selling designer cloth at rock bottom prices can be found at Al Rigga Road or the surrounding streets to the Hotel. An inexpensive traditional Chinese Restaurant is just behind the hotel near AVIS. They do not serve alcoholic beverages, but excellent food. A full meal for two will not cost more than USD 30.--.The streets around the clock tower are known for the fact, that young ladies offer their company. Single men are often gently approached and that already from 5 pm. Its’ Dubai and it still remains well orderly. Convenient and affordable for a stop-over; but not for those looking for the thrill of modern Dubai.	
Nov 3 2006 	Excellent Value For Money	Like a lot of people visiting Dubai, I was put off by the high hotel prices and a bit worried about the level of service and facilities I might expect if I wasn't paying a high room price.If you're looking for a central place for a stopover (which my stay was) or business, however, this hotel is excellent value for money and definitely to be recommended.Unusually for me, I can't think of anything negative to say about it! The room was really nice, four-star standard. I arrived about 7am, but only had to wait half an hour for a room; and as there were people sitting in the foyer every morning waiting for rooms, it seemed to be standard policy to allow an early check-in.The swimming pool was, as others have noted, not the biggest, but as a regular swimmer I found it still adequate to get some exercise as well as a cool-off.The hotel has a shuttle bus to a sister-hotel by the beach, and also from that hotel you can get another shuttle to a couple of large shopping centres, so that was a bonus free service.Not all the staff at reception speak great Engish, but things are usually sorted out easily, and they were all very friendly. It's not a resort hotel, so if you're after a beach holiday you wouldn't be interested; but for a touristing and shopping stopover like mine, it was perfect.	
Oct 23 2006 	Very friendly staff and efficient service	My parents and I stayed here for almost one week in October 2006. I booked the stay last-minute on the way back from India and received a reasonable rate for the room, while my parents booked it a month in advance. They also received a reasonable rate.I was picked up from the airport and driven to the hotel in a comfortable car, although if there had been a number of pick-ups I think the minibus would have been utilised.While I was checking in it became apparent that the description of &quot;city views&quot; (from Opodo) does not apply to this hotel.Nonetheless, the check in was smooth.On entering the room, I was pleased to find that the room was a reasonable size and more importantly, the standard of cleanliness was very high. This standard of cleanliness was maintained for the duration of my stay. Also, I found that housekeeping would change my towels twice a day, or at least check if the towels needed replacement.The TV was quite old and the channels were rubbish but I don't go on holiday to watch TV - there were two English peaking news channels (CNN and Sky News) so that kept me up to date on current affairs which is all I really want to watch TV for when I am on holiday.The rooftop pool is quite small but okay if you want to catch a quick couple of hours sun by the poolside. There is a bar next to the pool but I did not get the chance to try it out due to Ramadan. My family and I spent a lot of time at the Habtoor Grand Resort Hotel's pool and beach - there was a special offer that I got access to this pool and beach (and ransport there and back) for only 20 Dhs. My parents got it for free as they paid a higher rate for their room. It is worth checking if this free/20Dhs special offer is available as I think the normal 70Dhs price is maybe a bit too expensive just to use another hotel's pool and beach. That said, Habtoor's pool and beach is beautiful.The staff at Met Deira are very friendly and very helpful. This made the stay at the hotel so much better - they always acknowledged you as you walked by in the corridor and somehow the girls at reception always seemed to remember our room numbers!I would definitely recommend styaing here - it is not the lap of luxury but it is comfortable, clean and pleasant. Worth every penny.	
Oct 1 2006 	comfortable friendly hotel	Comfortable, pleasant hotel close to Diera City Shopping Mall. The hotel itself is nothing exceptional, but the staff are helpful and friendly. The rooms are basic, but very clean and the airconditioner works a treat! If you put your own drinks in the fridge be sure to drink only yours, or you will be charged if you drink the hotel's even if the are the same.The hotel is close to Deira City Shopping Centre which is a plus and there is a shuttle bus to and from, however it is also a very inexpensive taxi ride.Dubai in summer is very hot and so are all the swimming spots. Thought I might cool down in the hotel's pool, but it was like a hot bath.......so is the sea however. I'm sure winter is the best time to visit the Emirate........I would try to avoid summer here again.	
Jul 18 2006	I always stay here its fab	Every time I go to Dubai I always stay here. Its on the better side of Dubai if you are a shopper. Its minutes away by taxi to the Gold Souk and the hotel provides a free shuttle to the City Centre Mall which used to be the biggest but they now how a new and bigger mall. They also run a free shuttle to their sister hotel on the beach and you get use of the facilities there. The hotel rooms I have stayed in have always been very clean and nice and the staff I have found to be very friendly and helpful. The breakfast is a huge buffet and is wonderful. There is a chef onhand to cook you omelets! They do charge extra if you want to check in early so best book the night before if you need to check in early. Otherwise do what I do, dump your bags with the bell boy have breakfast and hit the malls! Well definately be back to this hotel.	
May 26 2006	Previous review a bit misleading	My husband read the previous review and was really worried about the hotel and it put a damper on our holiday to start with. We got to the hotel at about 6.30 and I didn't check us into the hotel the night before, so we did have to wait till about 10.30, but this didn't affect us as we had been to Dubai before. I knew that we would have to wait (normal check in is at about 12 or later), so if you don't want to wait around with nothing to do then I advise you check in for the night before. The rooms were clean &amp; tidy and spacious. The staff were friendly and polite to us - they came around during the day to ask if you want fresh towels too, so above average service.The pool is not very big, but if you want to go to Dubai for the beach/pool then you should go to a beach hotel as all city hotels don't have very large pools.We had to pay 75dhms to go to the Habtoor beach hotel, but what a lovely hotel it is - you really can't complain once you get there.This hotel is just off Al Rigga road, so plenty of places to eat &amp; there are a couple of malls nearby. It's very central. The hotel has transport to city centre as well as jumeirah beach park &amp; beach hotel.We didn't hang around the hotel restaurant much apart from breakfast - so wasn't too bothered about the restaurant appearance.All in all, I really enjoyed my stay there - the rooms were on par with a four star (same as the rooms at the sheraton deira we had 2 years ago).	
Feb 20 2006	Metroploitan Deira.Dubai.	My Son and I stayed for 6 nights at this Hotel B&amp;B. The Hotel is clean and tidy, but the photos they provide on line must have been taken some time ago! The majority of the staff are polite and friendly but the Reception staff are sometimes a little abrupt/unhelpful. We arrived exhausted, after an overnight flight, at 9am Dubai time. We had to pay 157 dhs to occupy the room 3 hrs early, we were also not entitled breakfast. The pool area could do with a refurbishment, sunbeds are in short supply, you do get provided with towels and the pool attendant was very helful, the pool itself was kept clean and water tested daily. Food/Room service was excellent, breakfast plentiful, good choice. Rooms cleaned well daily, inc fresh towels. Lots of traffic noise at night. UK plug sockets in room, so take kettle as they do not supply them.A free bus runs to the beautiful Habtoor Grand Hotel on the beach, which is really gorgeous, it cost 75 dhs each, food &amp; drink there very expensive but great. The Habtoor/Metropolitan also need to update the photos because it is totally different &amp; now dwarfed by partially built sky scraper hotels! which you come to expect in Dubai at the moment, but this doesn't really detract from the lovely environment.The photos on line must be ages old.Metrolpolitan Hotel not particularly child friendly, staff/service not what you expect from Dubai. Some issues regarding charges they wanted to levy re transport to airport when we left, will check my account carefully as they photocopy your credit/debit card on arrival. We did have a great holiday, but I guess expectation of Dubai always high and felt a little disappointed.	
Jun 25 2008 	Unverschämtes Management: Stornogebühr bei vorzeitiger Abreise		
Jan 27 2008 	vorsicht beim metropolitan deira in dubai		
