	Greatest hotel I've stayed so far	it was the greatest hotel I stayed for business... great spacious &amp; well furnished rooms, great rain shower which was my favourite, very courteous &amp; helpful staff good location	
Nov 13 2009	nice	this hotel is very nice, clean and well decorated, and the location is very good... just 5 minutes walk and easy way to dubai mall...we stayed at suite, celebrating a special occassion, it is huge and the bed is comfy...i really loved it but the service is crab actually :(u have to call them 2 times...i swear...2 times to get what u wantbelive me..one call will not be enough!!...and they did big mistake for me, one of my friend in dubai sent me an expensive gift to the hotel, and the reciption called me to tell me that they will bring it to me....i said ok i will be waiting....but .... no one came! and after hours of waiting i opened the door to go out ,,and guess what??? ...I saw the gift beside the door....omg...this is not a pro at alllllllll.....the spa is just ok...but i don't recommaned it	
Nov 9 2009 	Great hotel - shame about the construction work	If you are looking for a luxury hotel that is in the center of fantastic shopping, restaurants and things to do - this is the hotel for you.If you are looking for some relaxation and peace in the sun then stay away. There is major construction work happening on the lake view side which the hotel told me would be carrying on until March 2010. My balcony directly over looked the site which is no more than 50 metres away. A bit disappointing having paid a lot of money for this hotel. My advice would be to insist on having a fountain view - even if you have already booked the lake view.Whilst construction is a major feature in Dubai, you would hope that a luxury resort would be finished before opening its doors. Certainally not worth the price tag because of this.	
Oct 23 2009 	Worthwhile stay	The Palace Hotel is located close to where my meetings were being held, so was chosen for convenience and the group rate my employer gets.I was warmly welcomed and taken to my room by Eduardo (nice chap). Upon realising that I had been mistakenly given a disabled room (yes they have that covered), I was given the choice of superior room with a view of the fountain for free.I spent most of the time at the office or outside but had time to enjoy the free WIFI service, and the level of service is amongst the best I have ever experience at a hotel. To expand on this, my emirates flight had a taxi to and from the airport thrown in. I had to confirm my departure for the return flight and asked the concierge if he could handle it. Having given him only sketchy details, he managed to talk to emirates and take care of everything (emirates are quite fastidious about reference numbers and the like but he managed to swing it).Also, anytime I wanted anything, they took care of it: a kettle for my tea fix, an ironing board, air freshner for the room, all bran at 3.00am, what fruit i wanted...the list goes on and on.Upon checking out, I was worried when a smiling hotel staff member asked me if I had a few minutes - I was sure I was going to have to fill out a long and boring customer service questionnaire. He simply asked how my stay was and I gave him my email address for any future offers.I should also mention that those interested in shopping or with kids will enjoy the hotel being close to Dubai Mall. Also it's not far from most places in Dubai.A good hotel, good people, not stuck up - I recommend it to you.	
Oct 22 2009 	excellent - both hotel and location	Had a jr. suite for 4 nights - and would not hesitate staying here again. The only downside was that the Burj Dubai (and the observation deck) was not open.	
Sep 23 2009 	Palace from Hell!!	Well, After reading the reviews which was mixed, but leaning to the good side, I decided to have my stopover in this hotel on my way back from my trip for couple of days for shopping in the Dubai Mall, I selected the Palace Suite Fountain View, which is one of the top tear suites in the hotel, Now I was expecting that the service will be at least good, but the service was disaster.1- I have arranged my Airport pickup three weeks in advance with all flight details, and triple confirmed it, but to my surprise, the hotel didn't show up, I had to call and follow up on the issue, the smart concierge after listening to my complaint he asked me for my room number !!!, I had to talk to the Duty manager to get my problem sorted.2- upon my arrival which is way past check in time, I discovered that my room was not ready and I had to wait for 2 Hours till we actually get our room, which is a an issue specially with two kids, I actually had to ask them to put me in the executive lounge &quot; which is included in my package till we get our room; they didn't offer!!3- Although we had a suite and we the booking clearly states that I am with my kids, the suite didn’t have the extra bed, we called housekeeping and informed them we need the extra bed, and they didn’t bring it, again I had to call the duty manager who have solved the problem to me after telling me you &quot;should have told us that you need an extra bed&quot;, a booking of a family of 4 in a suite, where did they expect the kids to sleep.Although my review probably discourages anyone to stay because of service, but I have to say that the suite was very nice space and decor and the bed is very nice and soft, I had a great sleep. but still, never come back to this place.	
Sep 7 2009 	Nice hotel but expected more	Just back from a one night stay at the Palace in a Club level room. We left with mixed thoughts on the hotel which although nice didn't quite blow either my wife or myself away. There were some very pleasant touches - the 24 hour checkin/out was great; room was very pleasant and the design contemporary and we received some Ramadan goodies in the form of chocolate dipped strawberries and pastries. The location is also excellent being so close to the fountain, mall and Burj but the highlight was without doubt the pool area - amazing!However, the Club lounge facility was the most disappointing aspect as I did expect much more. I appreciate that our stay was during the Ramadan period and only one food presentation (hors d'oeuvres) made available to us in the lounge. Breakfast was however provided in the main restaurant - but nothing else bar soft drinks available during the day. It was also disappointing that my wife's request for a glass of champagne during cocktail hour declined because 'they don't do it anymore...' Overall a pleasant if slightly underwhelming stay though it's probably not a hotel I would return to given Dubai's wide choice of high end accommodation.	
Jul 20 2009 	Tried others but this one has a lot going for it	Bear with me while I review the good and the not so good on this hotel.We stayed here from July 5th - July 12th and must say we really enjoyed the stay even although there were some things that were not so good when compared to other hotels in Dubai and I must say the not so good ar pretty minor but must be mentioned.Starting with check in, we arrived around 22.00 and were welcomed into the hotel with a cold drink but no cool towel, not a big deal really but humidity was bad and a cool towel would have been nice. Check in was fast and efficient but spent a lot of time offering upgraded rooms at a cost. The room we were allocated was Number 120 with an alleged view of the lake. Yes a view of the tail end of the lake and no view of the fountain, with the sewer covers outside our room.The room in itself was of a fair size and more than covered our needs so after unloading the bags we set off for a quick bite to eat.We went to Ewaan restaurant and the meal was buffet style and I must say was ok. The staff were excellent and by the end of our meal were calling us by our names so they must pay a lot of customer attention after you give them the room number, there was also a 20% off promotion voucher for any further meals or drinks etc, this was given everytime you ordered anything from the bars or restaurants ( I will cover a let down on this later)Next morning after the best sleep in the best bed I have ever come across we went down for breakfast again in Ewaan and service was again top class. So top marks for the staff.We booked the Argentinian Grill (Asado) for a meal with friends on one of the nights and must admit this was one of the best meals we have had in our 8 visits to Dubai the steaks were done to perfection for us all and particular attention was paid to us by the Chef for one of our party's requests. Could not fault it in any way exept for the fact when we used the 20% off voucher the bill was not reduced and in fact they then gave us another one to use at any time. The bill was not queried at the time as at any other time we used them whether it be at the pool bar or any other restaurant it was reduced after presentation of the bill.The hotel is well situated for the Dubai Mall and the Lake Fountain and taxis are very easy to come by from either the hotel or the MallWe had asked the concierge if it was possible to get tickets for the Keane concert 24hours before the concert but he never got back to us on it. It was a sell out anywayanother fault with the room was there were no tea/coffee making facility's and we had to request they be brought to the room.Poolside This is excellent although it may be a bit cramped during high season.There were more than enough sun loungers to go round and the use of the Cabanas was more than welcome. The pool area in itself was very quiet until the Friday when it was a bit busier with what I assume to be shorter stay visitors.Every hour pool staff came round with frozen water melon / grapes and iced towels and the cleaning of your glasses, alot of this was common place a few years ago but has since drifted away but it is nice to see hotels carrying on with this practice. Water was also free and on request as required at the poolside and was much appreciated in the 38+ degree temperaturesI cannot leave the pool without a mention about SAEED, only one of the very helpful pool staff. This man was always there when we looked up and was attentive to everyones needs as were the rest of the staff.Building Work Yes there was some at the Burj Tower which we were not affected by and there was also some going on at the back of the lake which occasionaly you could hear but in no way affected our stay.Check Out : Fast efficient with no problems and all items on the bill were run through to confirm they were in order. There was one breakfast included that I had not even noticed and the lady on the desk spotted it and removed it from the bill.Overall my view of this hotel is that it is one of the better 5* hotels that goes a long way to ensure customer comfort and satisfaction. My view on the room is that the one we had was ok but would be more suited to business guests, it is one of the hotels I would go back to and would pass on to my friends to visit. They pay a lot of attention to to their clients needs with the odd hiccup I suppose. Overall marks would be about 8.5 out of 10 and only the room we had and the Asado 20% reduction let it down but as they say this is a nothing complaint when you compare what we got and as I said earlier the beds were something else.If anyone wants any more info feel free to ask and if anyone does not like what I have said please bear in mind this is my views on what we had at the time	
Jul 10 2009 	Excellent	the best place to be in Dubai - walking distance to Dubai Mall - although a little confusing to start with finding your way around, luxurious pool area, excellent views of the Lake Fountain displays at nighttime from 8pm till 10.30pm. Excellent service in the hotel - I left my Nokia phone charger at home and they loaned me one for my 4 day visit at no charge. Although they do have a stand in Dubai Mall where you can charge your phone also!! Superb service in the hotel can't fault it	
Jul 6 2009 	One of the best hotels in Dubai	I stayed here for few nights.It’s really amazing hotel.The location is great, just few steps to Dubai Mall (the biggest mall in Dubai, and maybe in the world).The rooms are spacious, and have almost everything, you can even ask for Play Station to play.This is the only hotel in Dubai that I stayed in which has free wireless internet.	
Jun 20 2009 	5 star Arabian luxury in a glorious location	We chose The Palace hotel due to its proximity to the amenities of the Dubai Mall and Souk Al Bahar and were not disappointed by its location or the hotel itself. On checking in the Concierge was incredibly prompt and helpful in changing our airline tickets and the staff went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable. The basic room was well equipped with a small balcony (not sure why the balcony of the deluxe room has such a high wall as you cannot see a thing unless you stand and peer over it though). The room itself is beautifully appointed and well laid out; the bathrooms palatial with a seperate rain-shower room, seperate loo, and a big bath and two sinks. Free wireless internet in the hotel. The hotel was full (very popular with locals/Arabs so it gives the hotel a really authentic atmosphere) but the staff coped admirably. Breakfast was delicious; a big spread- but beware the 10am rush at weekends (they stop it at 10:30 so all guests seem to slink it just before they stop serving). Despite previous reviews there was no building noise. The palm-tree lined swimming pool with spectacular views of the Burj is stunningly designed and a real oasis with ledges to sit on and nooks to relax in. The cabanas on the edge of the pool are a great respite from the heat and provide a high degree of privacy if you want your own space; at night you can have shisha around the pool which is incredibly tranquil. The buffet dinner at the main restaurant is for 180AED; given prices in Dubai, a good deal with lots of options. Asado, their Argentinian steak house and their magically located Thai restaurant are both excellent; but quite pricey. The only slight quibble is the layout of the hotel vis a vis the gym (lots of great, new equipment) /spa (hammam, jacuzzi, chill out area, steam room etc). If you are on the opposite side of the hotel, you have to walk through either the main lobby or through the restaurant to get to your room; after a sweaty work-out seeing so many people en route is not really ideal. To get to the pool from the ladies' spa (seperate ladies and gents spas) you also need to either take the main lift or the main stairs; not ideal if you are in a bath robe. All in all however a hotel I would highly recommend. A real palace.	
Jun 16 2009 	Great first and lasting impression	I did not know what to expect when I went to this hotel as it was chosen for me. I must say that I was pleasently surprised. Actually surprised is not so much the right word. It was as though luxury was somehow made into a tangible concept and I was slapped across the face with it.The fact that I had a flight from hell on Emirates had a lot to do with it. I came off the flight feeling hot, sticky and miserable. The location of the hotel was not known to the taxi driver so we took a few wrong turns but I think this was more due to the fact that Old Town is still being developed.I have been into other hotel that scream class and luxury to you, and this I would say compares, however it was the room that had me dumbfounded. I checked in thinking &quot;nice&quot;. But as soon as I got in the room, I thought &quot;wow&quot;. The rain shower was the best and came with top branded shower gel and shampoo. I washed the flight right out of my system and sprawled on the pillow top matress bed with crisp fresh sheets. As I lay down I could not think of anything other than how the decor and layout of the room is totally complete and perfect. Even the pen on the leather bound desk was the same size and weight of a Mont Blanc!Breakfast was nice. Not the biggest and most comprehensive I ahve seen but more than you could actually want. Service was on par with anything I have experienced and the waiters were very attentive.The only downside to the hotel was the location. It will be nice when it is finished. But this is Dubai in general. My bedroom balcony looked onto a building site and even at 3am you saw the imported workers milling around like ants on an ant hill.The only mihap that upset me was a mix up with the taxi as I was leaving. I booked a taxi. They ended up mixing it up and sending me in someone elses taxi who promptly brought me back to the hotel Then they put me in a &quot;hotel taxi&quot; which then charged me double the normal rate!!If it was not for the building site of a location I would have given the hotel a 5 overall rating.	
Jun 7 2009 	Fabulous hotel and area	I'm so thankful for the positive reviews which confirmed my decision to stay at this hotel. The staff and room were perfect and the area is amazing with the dancing fountains and aquarium at the Dubai Mall. I had the pool to myself for morning lap swims with a view of the Burj Dubai...this hotel will only get better as they finish the surrounding area! Also highly recommend Arabian Adventures tours.	
Jun 4 2009 	A Palace it is	After reading the other reviews I was quite concern about the noise and if the surrounding areas are still not completed. I was pleasantly surprised that the hotel is really impressive and not one of the problems mentioned by other reviews was there during my stay. Have to drive through 2 big gates before I arrived at the main door, impressive lobby and yet it has that homely feel, check in was swift and I was in my room in less than 10 minutes.Room is sizeable with balcony overlooking the lake and I can see the Dubai mall dubbed the largest mall in the world across our room and the Burj that tallest thinghy in the world on the other side.The meeting room is nice too, with balcony overlooking the lake, perfect after heated discussion in the meeting room :)Breakfast was a feast, yummy, so many choices and so was lunch. View from cafe is overlooking the pool and the lake, looks like a postcard :).Service - excellent, the concierge was very helpful, guide me with taxi and how much to pay if I ant to go to certain places/areas. No noise from the construction, the only noise is from the 'dancing fountain' at Dubai mall every night at every hour... which u can see and hear right from the hotel balcony.. beautiful show... Nothing to fault, it was excellent.	
Jun 1 2009 	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in.....	Before even arriving in Dubai, the help provided by the hotel in arranging a visa for my guest (romainian) was excellent. From the start the staff were friendly, helpful and curteous. The quality of the room was excellent, the services of the Butler were superb, the Room Service was expensive but the quality could not be faulted, and it is a five star hotel. There was no construction around the Hotel, which was finished to a high standard. It was quiet, peaceful and very beautiful.If you want to go somewhere for a romantice weekend away, you couldn't choose a better spot than this. You would not believe you were in the centre of the business district. The old world charm, the ambience and the facilities are such you would not have to leave the hotel and the immediate environs (the old town).I will definutely be back and have already recommended this hotel to all my friends.....	
Apr 18 2009 	Top in Dubai Old Town	So many hotels in Dubai... I would recommend The Palace, if your business takes you to the Burj Dubai area. On the Dubai beachfront however, my first choice would be the Mina'a Salaam. Proximity to new Dubai Mall is a plus (although not all the shops were open yet).Hotel lobby is frequented by sophisticated local crowd, which is always a good sign. The Palace manages to exude a certain &quot;soul&quot; which is rare to find in Dubai.View from terrace/pool is still facing a large construction site.Previously managed by Sofitel, now by Emaar/The Adress. Seems to work.Price was ca. € 250 which is good value for Dubai.	
Apr 6 2009 	Great relaxing hotel	Firstly, yes, there is construction work nearby the hotel, but this is Dubai, and there is construction work everywhere! Did it affect our stay at the hotel - no!The rooms are a lovely size, with the most comfortable beds. Rooms have a small balcony with 2 chairs and a small table.Bathroom is fantastic, full bath, 2 sinks, walk in shower - with the shower head coming out from the ceiling, so no matter where you stand you will get the full affect of the shower!!Breakfast is fantastic, and can be taken inside or outside. Staff service excellent, very friendly and polite, and the chefs cannot do enough for you - whatever you want, within reason, they can fulfil.Prices of food and drink - as you expect in Dubai Hotels - expensive. There is a lovely relaxed atmosphere in the hotel, and as it is of a more traditional style, makes you feel that you are somewhere different............. Would I return to the hotel again in the future - absolutely, would I return to Dubai - I am not in any great rush !!Hotel is very close to the shopping mall, which is not fully open - the malls never appear busy..... The Gold Souk is worth a visit, but men be warned leave your credit cards at home!If you have any more questions feel free to contact me.	
Jan 1 2009 	Construction - should be warnings	Other recent reviewers have mentioned the construction work around the hotel, I think if I had read these after I booked in November, we would have changed hotels. We arrived at 2am, and although we weren't going to have a long lie-in, we were woken at 7am by the beep-beep of vehicles reversing and the general clanging noise of work starting. Not a good startThey changed our room, without any fuss at all (I think they must be used to it!) to one facing inland, the noise was apparent, but less so. As we were there only 4 days, and not particularly interested in sun-bathing we decided to stay. Other people however were less pleased and everytime we walked through the reception area there were people complaining or asking to be moved to another hotel. The water, for the lake, is not in yet. They were saying January, but I really can't see that somehow, there is still masses of work to be done; and the Burj Dubai that should have been finished by now is nowhere near either. The Dubai Mall is only half full of stores making it a real chore to walk round.We can't fault the service, the hotel decor, or the food, and it will be lovely when the work is complete. But I would seriously advise anyone who has made a booking to ask for a room on the old town side, or switch hotels if you want some peace and quiet. There are plenty more!!	
Dec 29 2008	i can not bealive this is a 5 star hotel !	well this was my final destnation in my hooneymoonersince i knew that dubau mall was open in the med of october 2008i've choisen this hotel becuase its closeand i can go to the biggest mall any timebut unfortintially the mall was 30 % only occupaiedand since i'm a hooney mooner i've requested some special tratment for my roomand i thought that as they did for me in maldives and in italy they would give an upgradebut they told me the rooms were fullplus nothing special in the room at all for a hooneymooneri've thought about swimming in the poolbut when i went to the pool i saw small pool plus the worset thing ever it's open from the othere siade to the construcation areaso every one who is doing a construcation can stop working and watch us !!nothing special about themeven the consirage when i requested some reservation he used to tell me full full before even contacting the placemy worest nightmare was when i check outi've requested a taxi before checking out almost about 1 hour, but the taxi never show upactually the taxi came after 2 hours and 15 minsorry to say this but they are so far from beeing a profisnals	
Dec 11 2008 	Closer to 7-Star service than the Burj Al Arab	We stayed 10 days at the Palace - Old Town and loved it! The staff were VERY attentive and the service was impeccable. We visited the &quot;so-called&quot; 7-Star Burj Al Arab one evening, and both thought the service and attention to customers was much better at the Palace - Old Town. If we thougth that we were missing anything, the staff seemed to notice before I could bring to their attention; incredible.The only negative aspect was the contruction all around us. The noise was loud at times, especially in the moring. But for the service and value, unbeatable. I would suggest eating breakfast in the nearby Souk Al Bahaar, instead of the restaurant at the hotel. The breakfast at the hotel is a bit pricey. All-in-All, we would highly recommend the Palace - Old Town to anyone visiting Dubai!	
Nov 13 2008 	Excellent hotel in Dubai	Stayed for two nights at the Palace during a business trip. It's a beautiful hotel with top notch service and conveniently located for business. Not sure when it opened, but like everything in Dubai it seems brand new. Enjoyed the buffet breakfast. The gym and business center are spotless with all the equipment and technology you need. There is free WiFi in rooms.One thing you should be aware of is the construction.all around the hotel. Dubai is basically a city under construction, and the area around the hotel is buzzing with workers, cranes etc. It's literally around the corner from the Dubai Mall, which just opened but has tons of work still to go. Once completed it's supposed to be the largest mall in the world. The hotel is also very close to the Burj, the tallest building in the world that is not yet fully finished. Right in the hotel's backyard there's also construction -- someone seems to be making some sort of artificial lake/pond, among other things.So if you are going to vacation and hang out at the pool and relax, this might not be the place for you right now as you'll be surrounded by construction projects. But it's a wonderful hotel and will be something special once all the construction projects in the surrounding area are completed.	
Nov 2 2008 	Very good hotel. Hilarious tasteless location.	This attractive hotel is an early opener within Dubai's brand new &quot;Old town&quot; district. First time visitors will instantly know they are in Dubai's old town by the presence of the world's largest shopping mall, the world's tallest building, and a circuitous bumpy network of temporary roads and speed humps, complete with road workers manning &quot;STOP/GO&quot; signs. This is not a flippant observation, everyone knows Dubai is a complete contrivance and work in progress. But if you choose this district please be aware that you will need a vivid imagination to overcome the feeling you are holidaying in the middle of a building site. As an area it takes the surreal fakery of Dubai to new and breathtaking heights.The hotel has been open a while but the building work is still very significant and over the course of a fortnight I chatted to more than one disappointed holidaymaker who didn't quite bag the tranquillity they expected. The centrepiece of the hotel, a large canal basin which encircles the entire development, is NOT finished and your sunbathing will be a spectator sport for large numbers of construction workers. The desk told me that the water is coming in about a month, but I should check before you book.As regards the hotel, it is a low-rise affair. I found myself on the ground floor and missed the privacy, and missed the Dubai skyline etc. Instead I had a nice view of the empty concrete basin. My room had a small outside sitting area but this was very unattractive and I didn't use it once (neither did anyone else).Quality in the rooms was very high with an extremely comfortable bed and very very effective (but quiet) AC. The bathroom and Roger &amp; Gallet toiletries were excellent. Rooms include a DVD player so bring yourself some disks! The TV channel selection was poor unless you have a fetish for 24 hr news. Room service food was good but many of the fish dishes were over seasoned and spoiled.On my day off I used the Spa which was beautifully decorated and fitted out. Treatments were good but very expensive (475AED for a massage) and involved very high levels of pressure from the masseur as default. I made certain points beforehand to the masseur regarding one or two injuries which he completely ignored mainly due to his lack of English. Which brings me to the service! Generally, the service was in the AsiaPacific style, lots of smiles, greetings, deference. In Dubai, this style can often be summarised as &quot;grinning incompetence&quot;. My observation about The Palace is that a majority of the staff had a lovely attitude but were poorly trained and most had almost no English. For instance, in the main lounge area there is a small delicatessen counter selling cakes. Twice I bought something from a very sweeet young girl at this counter, who did not know the prices of any of her goods, and could not speak English. Both times, she walked away and summoned a waiter instead which was a big waste of everybody's time. A 5-star hotel needs to commit to basic staff training. This includes the main manager on the Check-in desk, whose English was a long way short of acceptable. I travel a lot internationally so believe me I have a tolerant attitude to this but I am sorry to say The Palace is below the line that's acceptable.On checking out, the concierge stored my case until till later(standard stuff) - 2 minutes later I went outside to find my bag had already been put in the taxi. Hmm, crossed wires, anyway I got them to take it out again and replace in storage. At which point, I was asked to wait whilst a manager was summoned - why? - because the hotel wished to open my case for a security inspection. I found this extraordinary but apparently it is hotel policy. Stiff words were exchanged, and a good 10 minutes was wasted, holding me up as I was due at a meeting, waiting for a Manager to rifle through my case. I believe this dumb policy is an intrusion on guest privacy and at the very least concierge should warn guests to allow extra time on check out.Although the tone of this review is probably a little negative, you should be reassured that this hotel basically does an excellent job. As soon as the water comes, I think it will be fine, but just keep a slight rein on your expectations with the service.	
Oct 29 2008 	Excellent	We booked this hotel and got a great deal for 4 nights paying €986 for a Deluxe Suite. We had previously booked a Palace Suite for €1,480 but spotted the cheaper deal on Hotels.com. Apparently the rooms are identical but we lost out on Breakfast and access to the business centre which was worth losing out on in hindsight.LocationThis Hotel has an excellent location literally 800 metres from the Burj Dubai (worlds tallest building). The area around the place looks like it will be a business district when it is finished but this is not to say it doesn't suit leisure travellers (which we were) as it is in a good location in Dubai itself. The Jumeirah Beach complex is only about 25 mins away, Mall of the Emirates about 20 when there is no traffic! (more about that later). The new Dubai Mall is practically next door as well. There is building work taking place at the end of the hotel near the pool but it really doesn't bother you as there is music played near the pool (probably on purpose) and you generally are looking towards the hotel/pool anyway. It definitely wouln't put me off staying there againHotel itselfI was very impressed with the Hotel and its decor. The rooms were very spacious and we were lucky to get a ground floor one very close to the Pool (room 115). I would consider the Hotel to a very good 5 star and for the price we paid it was a bargain. The staff were all very helpful and we had no complaints with any part of our stay. This area will be very nice judging by the finished plans that we saw pictures of. Get here now before prices go up.Hotel RestaurantsWe didnt eat in the Hotel but we have read reviews of Asado (argentinian grill) which suggested that it is very good. It did look pricey (mains for about €35) but this is quite normal for Dubai. As stated previously we did not have breakfast included so we would eat out mostly. We would recommend going to Souk al Bahar (small shopping mall) which is literally 200 metres from the main entrance. There is a nice Restaurant called Shakespeare &amp; Co., which had a very varied menu. There are other places in this Souk but only went to a place called Lamborghini which was fine for a snack/coffee.Other Restaurants in DubaiShimmers - This is the Madinat Jumeirah complex and is well worthit - its got a great location on the beach and the food is good without being exceptional. The cocktails were really good as well.Pai Thai - This is also in Madinat Jumeirah complex and is a Thai Restaurant. The location is excellent - overlooking the fake canal going through the complex and the food is great. it got voted most romantic restaurant in Dubai and it certainly is a great place. Pricey enough with mains around €30. Make sure you get the platter for starters which is great for sharing between 2.Toscana - This is a cheap and cheerful Italian trattoria - serving pasta and pizza's. I found the food to be very good and a lot cheaper than its neighbouring Restaurants in the Madinat Jumeirah. Very popular with Families but would also suit a couple. The location is similar to Pai Thai ie next to the canal.Majls al Bahar - This Restaurant is part of the Burl El Arab so it is quite expensive. The food is great though and again it is in a wonderful location i.e. on the beach to the left as you look at the Burj. There is a guy who plays guitar and goes around the tables which is good fun as well. I would recommend the mixed seafood as a main course.Bateaux Dinner Cruise - This is a dinner cruise which goes up and down the Dubai creek. The boat is really classily done and the food is excellent. Well worth doing for a night. The creme brulee/chocolate fondant are great for dessertSundowner Safari - we did this trip with Arabian Adventures (commonly called dune bashing) where you go into the dessert in 4WD. Its good fun without being amazing. You then have food and drinks in a open air complex and watch belly dancing. its a good night and its nice to get out of the city. There is also camel riding.Mall of the EmiratesThis is currently the biggest shopping mall in Dubai(soon to be overtaken by Dubai Mall near the Hotel). I didnt find it too good but then I don't really care too much about shopping. My girlfriend didnt find it great either as prices are much the same as at home (ireland). Don't expect any bargains there. There is a good Restaurant called The Butcher Shop and Grill which serves S.African steaks on the second floor. There is a typical food court on the ground floor.Karama Shopping CentreThis is where all the knock offs are. Basically it is about 3 blocks(outdoor) of shops selling the goods. Some of the shops have hidden compartments and you will be approached by people on the streets trying to get your business. It is very safe from what I could see anyway. Most of the shops are the same so I wouldn't bother with too much walking around. I paid about €10 for fake sunglasses.TrafficThis is Dubai's biggest problem. There is an over ground metro which will be finished by the end of '09 but in the interim traffic is very heavy on Sheik Zayed road which is main artery road in Dubai. It seems like every car has to drive on this road and there doesn't appear to be any parallel roads to it which could take some of the traffic. The worst times are between 5 and 7 in the evenings - usually from the West to East (Burl el Arab side of Dubai to the other). It is also kind of annoying when you leave the Hotel and try to get onto Sheik Zayed road - to get onto the opposite side of the road to make a left in the direction of Burj El arab- you must do a huge u turn which in bad traffic took 25 mins. It is fine coming back because you are on the right side and can make the turn easily.	
Sep 20 2008 	superb	we knew the area was a building site so we were really surprised when we drove into the hotel. An absolute gem. Very attentive service, the staff were so helpful, earlier reviews gave it poor for service but these seemed to have been resolved as the staff could not do enough for us. Fantastic facilities, we had the cheapest room and it was beautiful, lovely bathroom, huge living area and massive balcony. We went in Ramadam so it was even cheaper...3 star prices at 5 star luxury.Taxis are so cheap....20 minute taxi ride to the beach, snow dome or gold and spice souks cost only £4-5.00 depending on traffic. Dont even attempt to walk...there are no pavements outside the hotel. However there is a small souk across the road with a waitrose, shops, hairdressers as well as a couple of restuarants. WARNING if you want authentic Thai food do not go to the Thiptara Restuarant..... well overpriced and poor fare...it has to be the worst pad thai I have ever eaten (had to send it back as it was made with glass noodles and lacked taste, spice and veg). The red curry was also more like an indian curry. Gordon Ramsey's Verre seemed a bargain in comparison	
Sep 18 2008 	Fantastic Hotel if you can Afford the Luxury	My wife and I stayed at The Palace, Old Town in early November last year. The hotel hadn't had its grand opening yet and was running on a 'soft' opening. Nevertheless, I was very impressed. The communal areas are very oppullent (think marble fountain in the lobby filled with flower petals) We had an executive room which gave us access to our own butler, in full coat and tails (not that we used HER much), together with access to the executive lounge. I loved the lounge; complimentary nibbles all day (my wife went crazy over their toasted cheese hors d'oeuvres and I admit they were damn tasty). In the evening, they would open a complimentary bar offering everything from good scotch to Brut Champaigne, with caviar hors d'oeuvres to boot! The room was quite large and well laid out, with excellent attention to detail. This truely is a 5 star hotel. The beds were excellent, super king sized and big enough to get lost in. Our room had a balcony that overlooked the artificial lake around the hotel and the Burj Dubai (the world's tallest building) was a few hundred meters from our window. The bathrooms were excellent, well appointed with a bidget, his and hers sinks, a tub and a huge shower. The toilet and shower were sealed off from the rest of the bathroom by glass screen doors that came down to the floor. Good range of toiletries provided (e.g. an excellent men's aftershave, wood handled shaving razor with twin blades and a wood toothbrush, etc) . The breakfast buffet is excellent, with everythign from pancakes and sausages, to traditional arabian dishes. We only had dinner at the Thai restruant and I can say that the setting is excellent. The restruant is set out on the lake and at night they light huge flaming torches on pillars set into the water around the restruant. Very nice effect. The staff were excellent, everyone said hello to you as you walked about the hotel, from the cleaners to the managers. In fact, walking to the pool from your room meant that you had to say hello a dozen times. Which brings me to the pool area. Beautiful at night, with the hotel lit up behind it and lively during the day, in a peaceful sort of way. The staff were attentive, bringing you the cocktails of your choice by the pool. And speaking of cocktails, the complimentary mint, orange, and unindentifiable soda (they said it was pepsi, but it couldn't have been because there was no pepsi color in the drink) cocktail was excellent. My wife and I have been trying to duplicate it, without success, all this past year. Overall, a very impressive hotel that provides a luxurious stay. It might not be by the beach, but if its luxury you want, then you can't fault The Palace. I would add, however, that the hotel is quite expensive, particularly if you book an executive room. We paid about £1400 for three nights, just for the room, but thats partly because I booked directly with the hotel at short notice. If you can get this on a good package deal and you're not concerned with being by the beach, then this is an excellent choice.	
Jul 17 2008 	Luxury in a building site!	Don't be fooled by the subject heading - this hotel is fantastic BUT while they continue to build on every spare inch of Dubai city, this hotel, along with many others will be in the middle of a building site for a while yet.However...... this hotel is gorgeous. It may not be on the beach but the pool makes up for that - beautifully designed setting, especially looking back at the hotel. You get an excellent view of the Burj Dubai (what will be the world's tallest building) being built too. Very attentive pool staff too.I stayed with a friend in a twin room in the executive wing. The room did come with a butler but we really could draw our own curtains and draw our own baths.The room was clean, very comfortable with lovely linen and quite big. Flat screen TV, balcony and large bathroom.The main part of the hotel is decorated in a bedouin camp style - dark woods, colourful drapes and cushions - but very chic. The main restaurant is very nice - high ceiling, terrace or inside eating options. The food, as with most Dubai hotels, is amazing - but it does come at a price too. I'm not saying this hotel is any more expensive than the other 5star hotels but you do notice the prices are fairly high.I only stayed here for 2 days on the way back from Australia - but it was a very nice stopover. I would recommend this hotel to anyone either stopping over or wanting a short break in Dubai. Any longer than 5 days and you may want to stay at one of the beach hotels.	
Jun 3 2008 	better than the ritz	The all-new property is top of the class. Get here before the rest of the world discovers it and the prices quadruple. The facility, staff and food are world-class, in fact they are best in class.I am just wrapping up five night stay. The food: lunch and breakfast on the first floor. Huge selection of traditional and international cuisine. Also the property has a south american steak house and thia rest. Both exceptional. If you like Thia, go there as often as you can.The rooms: state of the art, clean and quiet.The service: the staff at this hotel could not have been nicer. Clearly the issues with a new staff have been worked out prior to my arrival because this was a first-rate experience. spa: nice work out facility, super spa facilities and services.When I return this will be top of my list. I had visited other, highly rated properties in Dubai. While this is not on the beach, it is a gem.	
May 27 2008 	Nice can do better	My wife and I stayed for 5 nights at the palace last October. The hotel is quite well decorated in an oriental style and since It was our first stay in Dubai we loved to be in that kind of atmosphere.  The hotel had just opened and we were surrounded by constructions but we knew prior to our arrival about this problem and there was no noise disturbance in the hotel. The pool area is great ,the room (executive suite if I recall) was nicely decorated and quite big. Bed was very comfortable and in a very peaceful environment. We had Roger-Gallet soaps and Hermes perfumes changed daily which was a very nice attention.Every night a new chocolate (different flavor) was on our bed...Now the down side: THE SERVICE! unfortunately the service was below average since the laborers have little or no experience. Each manager (very professional and capable) had evidently a very hard time keeping their troops together. We had a leak in our bathroom and 3 calls were needed before anyone came almost an hour later.Don't go to the beach hotel they are associated with because its terrible not to mention the restaurant (at the beach hotel).The concierge Sergio was great, the Argentinian staff from the grill was perfect (then again only the managers) and Martial at the desk was very arranging. Would I stay again here? Yes since most hotels have the same service problem in Dubai.	
May 10 2008 	nice but not great	The product is stunning and I am sure that I will enjoy a better stay in 12-24 months. Currently the property is in the middle of a huge construction site - no two ways about it. Inside the hotel is a heaven, beautiful and with all the right touches. What make this property not perfect are the standard things a hotel should get right. E.g. I ordered a wakeup call every morning during my 4 night stay; I received the call two mornings, one morning they didn’t call at all and one morning they called me at 4am opposed to the 8:30am – nice, not! I complained – did anybody come back to me? No – despite me chasing.As most hotels in Dubai now, the Palace got a huge problem with service. It is basically just bad, very bad. You have to ask for the same thing five times and still you are not sure it will ever happen. Disappointing in a property as gorgeous as the Palace.Chose the Palace if you are happy to enjoy a stunning 5-star product with 3-star service.	
Apr 24 2008 	Loved it	We had a lovely 3 night stay there this April.It is a beautiful Hotel, with very friendly and attentive staff.The rooms are awesome.The pool area and outside area is lovely.There is still a lot of construction going on, but you barely notice it.Everything is reachable in a fairly short time, unless you hit the Rush hour.Make sure you get the location of the Hotel on a piece of paper when arriving at the airport, so you can give it to the taxi driver. Taxi is also cheaper than Hotel shuttle.If you want, you can read more and see pictures over here:http://nicoleb.org/b2/index.php/sofitel-dubai	
Apr 1 2008	Highly recommend it	The staff are so friendly.The rooms without faultAnd the buffet breakfast to die for.You can't go wrong.At this stage you do have some building works around you, but surprisingly the noise isn't that noticeable.And when you have the Burj Arab going up and up- the tallest building in the world when completed- who could complain?It's an amazing sight.When the entire complex is finished it will be even better.Already there are shops and small supermarkets open next door, a lagoon encircles the hotel and when it's all lit up at night it's stunning.It was our highlight of staying in Dubai	
Apr 1 2008 	Will be lovely when finished....	We stayed at the Palace, The Old Town in March 2008 for 5 nights. We choose this hotel as there were only 2 left &amp; as we left it until the last minute. We chose this one as it was new. We were greeted when we arrived by approx 5 men at the entrance of the hotel &amp; our luggage was taken from us straight away which was great. We were checked in very quickly. The breakfast is ok but like other people have said, it's not amazing. Wouldn't stop me going back again though. Service isn't always great at breakfast &amp; we had to ask for tea/coffee a couple of times on 2 days. We never ate in the restaurants at night. We ate in the Meat Co. which is in the shopping centre next door on our last night which was lovely. Would recommend it. We had room service one night which was excellent. We had just got engaged. They wheeled a small table into the room with our meal on it. The pool is nice but not many sunbeds. Also there was no water round the hotel when we stayed there. Think it had been drained. This was disappointing for us, but will be lovely when it's finished. There will be boats on the moat to take you around, but they weren't there when we were. The noise of building work didn't really bother us, but there was lots of it - be warned! Overall we were pleased with this hotel and would like to go again, when it's finished.	
Jan 4 2008 	Beautiful Hotel Not quite 5* yet	We tried the Palace the Old Town as it seemed geographically well placed and the website pictures looked promising. Having stayed in Dubai before, we are used to the cranes and dust so it didn't phase us too much to arrive in what looks like the middle of a building site, especially as you have great views of the Burj Dubai. However, the noise and ever present building works aren't for everyone. The Palace is immaculate with beautiful rooms and grounds however, it doesn't compare to other 5* Dubai hotels for a number of reasons. Dubai hotels normally fall into 2 categories - business and leisure. This didn't know which it was. Pool lounge space was very limited and on one day we were told there were no spare sun loungers. Staff don't speak much English and on numerous days our room hadn't been changed til 5pm. Restaurants and facilities are very limited. If you want to stay by the pool during the day and eat at the hotel, there are very few options, unless you fancy spending £30 a head for lunch, and as it is quite cut off, wandering to find any other options is out of the question.There is no doubt that this will be a fantastic resort once everything is finished but there just isn't enough to attract the customer when compared with other hotels. Great location though, to reach both the old town and Jumeirah beach.	
Oct 29 2007 	Brand new Hotel Brand new Staff	I have stayed at this hotel after 2 weeks of soft opening, it was based on advice of agent in nozolok.com. it is located in old twon island in Burj dubai (middle of construction site) the noise of hammers and drills works starts at 7 AM, while the isloation of glassis not prefect. not all wings has been completed as They are still working on furnituring them, two restaurants opend out of three. the hotel is 5 stars in building luxury and furnituing but the service is less than average (which I expected from new hotel). the rooms as it is appeared in the website, luxury and spacious with small balconey, the bathroom with seperate shower and bath. The breakfast is ordinary and the variety is minimum. most of the time we call the concierge, bellman but no body response. the pool is OK. overall, thehotel need some improvment in service to be in compition with top 5 stars in the city.	
Nov 2 2009 	????		
Jul 25 2009 	Spitzenklasse!		
Feb 25 2009 	un vrai palace		
Jan 5 2009 	Très bel hôtel... dans quelques mois		
Oct 9 2008 	?????????		
Apr 17 2008 	Excellent		
