Nov 1 2009	All good.	I would definitely stay there again. Breakfast was awesome! (only thing missing was nutella :P ). Room in excellent condition, all working good, people very polite, extremely clean. Nice bars and cafes inside the hotel. Very pleasant to be there.Only one thing as a negative; wireless internet was not free in the room, but it was free in the lobby and the receptionist did not inform us at all about the free wifi. I am not aware about the price of the room, cause we went as a group and had an amazing price for our whole trip!	
Aug 17 2009 	Misled by reception staff	I have just arrived home from a short business trip in Dubai. I am a regular traveller to Dubai, but this was my first visit in the Moevenpick. I won't be back. As a sole female traveller, my company had paid in full two nights B&amp;B in this 5-star hotel. When I arrived I was greeted by the reception staff; who informed me that I had been upgraded to which I was quite delighted. Who wouldn't be after just arriving late at night?! What actually happened was that I was driven to the Moevenpick Apartments; located 5mins away in a separate building. The serviced apartment was fine, but it was not 5-star, it was located in a quiet building and it certainly was not an upgrade! I complained to the manager the next day who appeared genuinely concerned and wanted to make things right with offer of a complimentary dinner. As I explained to the manager, if my booking couldn't have been honoured; I should have been put up in another 5-star hotel. I am a reasonable person, and I was not there long enough to enjoy the facilities; but what really got to me was being misled by the reception staff. To talk to and treat guests like this is insulting.	
Jul 22 2009 	It was fine	The main comment I have is that the bathrooms are way small. Smallest bathroom I've ever seen for hotel that bills itself as 5 stars. Other than that it was fine. Staff are very friendly and helpful. The free wifi in the lobby is good. To my surprise after using the free wifi in the lobby for a few hours, the connection remained when I went back up to my room which was nice. There isn't that much around in the area though. It wasn't easy to get taxis so I ended up having to use hotel taxis which were a little more pricey, although not extravagantly so. Don't bother with the hotel shuttle. They charge you 80 dirhams, whereas by taxi its only about 35.	
Jul 20 2009 	Great hotel	Great hotel and great service. We enjoyed there for 10 days. You have free of charge transfer to the beach.	
May 12 2009 	great business hotel	great city hotel close to business district and conference centres, and shopping malls. staff good and service helpful. we stayed here a couple of years ago when Thomas Tapken was general manager - he was a fantastic PR/Marketing/Guest Relations GM - one of the very best. Would go to any hotel managed by Thomas Tapken - no matter where it is. we heard he was in Thailand....the current GMhas succeeded in keeping his systems going but the style is different. well worth looking at for a city business or holiday trip!	
Apr 24 2009 	Fabulous Service	The service they offer is fabulous and the location is also very good ! .. not to mention that the rooms are very comfortable and the buffet spread is extra-ordinarily good !!	
Nov 1 2008 	A Fine Hotel with Good Service	A Fine Hotel with Good ServiceThe hotel’s service is very good. It appears from the exterior that the building is older, but the interior has been renovated quite well. For the most part, you have to take a taxi anywhere you need to go since the hotel is located a fair distance (about 10 minutes away) from the primary business area, the DIFC. Upon arrival, the hotel offered me an upgrade to their executive floor for a price. The price I thought was reasonable because it included daily internet (hard wire and wireless), breakfast and a light dinner in the executive lounge. Frankly, the light dinner was more than enough for me, so the overall cost of the upgrade was very reasonable. In addition, a platter of fresh food was provided throughout my stay.There are several restaurants within the hotel. Because of the light dinner (mentioned above), I only ate at the Lebanese restaurant, but unfortunately was very disappointed because of apathetic service and mediocre food quality. I cannot comment on the other restaurants, but I will say that I was the only person in the Lebanese restaurant while the other restaurants had a good crowd – I should have taken the hint.A couple of times I had a problem with my room Internet connection, but a technician responded quickly and solved the problems.My only true criticism, and it is minor criticism, was the room key card (also needed to reach the executive floor by elevator) failed a number of times and I had to get a newly programmed card. I was not the only person with this problem. The situation was more of an annoyance rather than a problem because the hotel staff re-programmed my card immediately, without question. The second problem was a leaky shower door flooding the bathroom floor during each use.In general, a fine hotel with good service.	
Oct 29 2008 	Great Experience	This hotel was highly recommended to me by an acquaintance, so on my last business trip to Dubai ealier this month I opted to sample the experience. I was absolutely delighted with all aspects of the amenities and services.To start with, it is so convenient to the airport and yet not too far from the centre and beach. After a long flight, the short trip to the hotel is a blessing. First impressions were very positive, lovely entrance hall, high atrium and a sense of grandeur. What was particularly nice was the fact that it is not one of those massive hotels but one that exudes a personal feel.Arriving later in the evening, I was more than happy to relax in Somersets and enjoy a few of the good selection of international beers and watch the clientele. There was a nice buzz to the bar without it being too loud or noisy and the bar menu proved to be varied and good value.My executive level room provided me with all the comforts that I desired. I have stayed in a wide selection of hotels across Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa and this one is up there in terms of comfort and facilities. I was particularly impressed with the Executive Breakfast room, in which I received impeccable service.The La Veranda restaurant is a little gem, which I frequented when possible. The Italian cuisine was top class and yet such good value, particularly at lunch time, a fact well recognised by the number of fellow diners. Needless to say, the service was smooth and friendly.I had only one opportunity to sample the outdoor pool. Although not a large area, it is an invaluable outlet for the stressed business person and a treat for those lucky enough to stay there on holiday.The Moevenpick is a medium sized and welcoming establishment that is impeccably run, with courteous and friendly staff with smiles on their faces. I will be back!	
Sep 20 2008 	5 stars location but that's about it...	This is my 4th stay at the Movenpick Hotel, as part of my biz travel. Whilst Movenpick is classified as a 5 stars hotel, the quality, room size and services are quite questionable. Sure the foyer is grand with a set of grand staircase, backed by the baby grand and grand atrium, I am afraid that's about all the grands you'd get to see. Room sizes is like pot luck - if you are lucky, you get to be placed in a reasonable size room; otherwise, it's nothing like a dog-box. Room quality is another issue - If you happened to be a smoker, congrats cos you get to be placed in the newly constructed rooms; and if you are a non-smoker, you get the old rooms. Room feature is pretty average - TV channels does not correspond to the guide; not to mention the TV signal is pretty average, hence some channel is grainy and voice are faint on othersHotel feature is below average - The pool is tiny and tastes like chlorine; I could not find the running track that the hotel promos; and the internet connection costs a bomb!; To this date, I still don't have any idea what is the purpose of the &quot;try-hard&quot; Japanese theme garden, it's dirty and covered in dirt!Services - Don't expect the reception desk to be much of a help and don't expect any smile either; having other people pushing in doesn't helpNoise - Do not stay on weekends unless you enjoy thumping music whilst you try to sleep. The music coming from the nightclub is sooooo loud that it can easily be heard through the paperthin walls. During the day, you have to put up with the construction noise...Despite all of the above-mentioned, Movenpick is located in a great location that is only 10mins from the airport and walking distance to the Wifi Mall, Ramsey Mall and the nearby restaurants	
Jun 6 2008 	Fantastic Hotel- that's why we came back!	We had booked to stay in apartments in Dubai but they were awful so we booked online while we were in Dubai to stay at the Movenpick again as we'd been before. It feels like home when you go to this hotel- the staff are fantastic, attentive and helpful and go out of their way to help you. The food is fabulous! Lebanese restauant in the hotel is legendary and has full show- not ur taste but folk who like belly dancers etc said they lved it. Somersets pub serves huge portions of excellent food. Buffet breakfast has a vast choice and is good value for money. Pool area is to die for! Sooooooooooo realxing and the staff there are briliant. Marjorie is gorgeous, as are all of her colleagues. The staff bring yu two bath sheets to lie on plush comfy sunbeds and the pool is about 27*, lovely and cooling when you're siting in 43*+. Plenty of shade if you want to be in the shade. Pool is on the roof top so its quiet and relaxing. Lifegaurd on duty at all times. Excellent pool toilets with lockers and showers. Poolside food comes from the main restaurant and is great value. Try an exotic fruit platter and I defy you to eat it all! Pool team come round with scented cooling towels in the afternoon and its happy hour for drinks from 5-7pm in chilled glasses. Hotel rooms are nothing less than luxurious. We've stayed on the Executive floor before and this time we were on the third floor and they are all the same quality- clean, immaculate and well equipped. If you ask for anything room service its always done quickly for you. Room service is 24 hours a day and food is good value and excellent quality. The front desk are efficient and helpful and the consierge is a star! Ask him to suggest a place to eat and he will- we went to an wondeful authentic Indian restaurant just two streets away and it was magical. Don't read this anymore, go and book the Movenpick today; you won't be disappointed. :o)	
Nov 3 2007 	Central but uncharming	We stayed at the hotel with our two children (7 and 8). Although we booked a room for 4, the room got only one extra bed and for the other child an additional pillow in the parents king size bed. When claimed at reception we got the information that we could get a junior suite for additional USD 400,- After showing again our reservation confirmation they offered us a big room on the top floor. This floor and the roof were under construction. Work startet at 7:00 pm with quite some noise. After going the first time with thehotel taxi to town we later asked them to order us cheaper taxis which the hotel denied. On the other hand the overall appearance of the hotel is good, it is clean and the normal staff is very nice and friendly. Very good is the personnel at the roof terrace and the pool.	
Oct 29 2007 	Located in growing upscale area central to many attractions.	Though our request was booked months in advance, there was no no-smoking room with king bed when we arrived at 3:45am. And though the club was supposed to have closed at 3:30, the band played on until 4:30am, and we were one floor above them!When we were moved the next day to a king on the 4th floor, the no-smoking room still smelled of cigarette smoke accumulated before the change of this room's status, obvious that the carpet and wall paper had not been changed or cleaned. Internet access was ~US$30/day.Positive side, the hotel was located near the airport, and a short taxi trip to the older part of town and the up-end shopping malls.	
Aug 11 2007 	Great hotel location and price!	Was a bit unsure after the reviews, but the price made me decide. Was pleasantly surprised and really liked the hotel, decor, people etc. Only problem was that we had to wait an hour for a room, even though we reached at 3:30pm. The hotel did give us a free drink and all but that was the only hitch. Otherwise, the included buffet breakfast, the staff and service, the cleanliness and attention to detail was excellent. Would definitely stay here again, knowing that this is in a great location (walking distance from Lamcy and Wafi Mall... though no one walks!) and easy to get onto Shaikh Zayed road to get to Mall of Emirates (30 min), Ibn-e-Battuta Mall (40 min); Shaikh Rashid to get to Burjuman Mall (5 min), Mercato (10 min) or Diera Dubai to get to City Center (7 min) or Festival City (15 min) etc. Took some finding the location as we had rented a car, but once we got it it was easy (trick is to keep watching the signs for exit 56, I think).Free valet parking was a bonus and there was never a rush here (as opposed to the crazy Sofitel City Center). You could tell the Swiss tradition, and the lobby, hotel etc. was beautiful and looked new. The pool and gym were very nice as well. All in all, don't think of it whether its a 5 star or not. Think of it as a great hotel lacking nothing (except over-the-top luxury) in a great location, making it very easy to get anywhere without any hassle, and above all, clean, neat and very liveable!	
Jul 25 2007 	Lovely city hotel	My husband and I stayed at this hotel at the beginning of July for 2 nights. When we arrived our room was not ready so we were told to go for a coffee and it would be ready in an hour. We decided to go to Wafi City for a look around and returns about an hour and a half later but the room was still not ready so the receptionist upgraded us to the club floor. The floor could only be accessed by swiping your card in the slot in the lift so that made us feel quite special. Our room was nice and spacious with a huge king size bed. the view wasn't great overlooking the neighbouring flats but what do you expect stying in the city. The club floo ralso had a separate area for breakfast with free internet access which was a bonus.The pool area was lovely with huge sunloungers. Part of the pool was shaded for people who didn't want to be in the sun.The location of the hotel was not as bad as some reviews state. If you turn left outside of the hotel there are a row of restaurants about a 2 minute walk which were nice and a few minutes further and you reach Lamcy Plaza which is quite small compared to the other malls of Dubai but they had a few nice shops. There was also an addidas outlet store opposite where you can pick up a bargain or two.All in all I would definatley reccommend this hotel for people who want an inexpensive city hotel.	
May 31 2007 	Very nice hotel in a poor location	I stayed at this hotel on business as the offices I was working at were within walking distance.This hotel is just on the outside the main city centre area, about 5-10 mins drive. There's really not much in the immediate vicinity and I probably wouldn’t recommend the hotel to tourists/visitors unless you are on a tight budget. The hotel itself is really top-notch, from the expansive lobby, the courteous staff, to the large clean and modern rooms and the excellent and reasonably priced food. The hotel is very reasonably priced considering its level of luxury but this is clearly due almost entirely to its location. A hotel of this caliber in the city proper would be at least double the price.Worth a visit if you are happy with having to travel everywhere but otherwise I wouldn't stay here again if I were visiting on vacation.	
May 17 2007 	Great Hotel Poor Location	I was booked into this hotel by my company when I traveled to Dubai on business. It was chosen because the company I was going to be working with was nearby. My general overall impression of the hotel is very positive, although I did not avail myself of all of it's facilities.The rooms were spacious, comfortable and the service was what you would expect from a hotel of this class and cost. I recommend the executive floor as it is a little more upscale and has some business facilities that may come in handy.I did not eat at the hotel very often, but I did go to the Italian restaurant for dinner one night, very nice buffet, and I ate a few meals at the pub on the second level. The other restaurants looked fine, I just had other options usually. I usually popped into the pub in the evening for a few beers, and the staff there was very polite and chatty. There is also a nightclub adjacent to the hotel where I went one evening for some live music.The concierge, in addition to being very helpful, was drop-dead gorgeous...I kept finding things I needed help with, just to talk to her! Front desk and other services were very polite and professional.Overall, if you are looking for a nice hotel to stay in Dubai, this is a good choice, although it is not near the sea, beach or any tourist atttractions.	
May 8 2007	Convenient location - building works starting in 6 months - Warning	Short stay of 4 nights, arriving early am flight quick taxi transfer to hotel, room not available on arrival I was asked to 'sit and wait' after about 15 minutes I returned to ask how long wait would be , apparently I was expected to sit and wait until it was ready at about 2.00 pm!! However, was given direction to roof pool and spa facilities which we used until room was ready, was not offered any refreshment at all.Room was ready around 2ish but we rejected it as there was no bath, waited until about 3 for room with bath it was very acceptable, no frills but good size.Greatest criticism of hotel was the reception staff, there are quite a few facilities in the hotel: Italian Restaurant etc but no attempt to let us know anything about them at all. Other staff very helpful, welcoming and pleasant. Particularly door staff and pool staff. Never had to wait long for a taxi. Excellent position of hotel meant that it was easier to get places than our last stay at Madinat.Spent quite a bit of time in pool, it was very hot and found the staff to be excellent, very helpful, it was they who kept us informed about the status of our room etc.Did not eat in hotel restaurants, perhaps the food is good but the restaurant being in the lobby there were very few people using it most evenings, although it looked to be plentiful we still did not try it. Perhaps if management had been more proactive we would have tried it. The weekend brunch had quite a few customers. Did have lunch at the pool bar, a limited menu but perfectly adequate we did enjoy the mixed grill and the fruit platter was an excellent breakfast.Warning - They are about to do some building work on the roof and move the large gym downstairs and make another 28 guest rooms on the roof / pool level, should be good when complete but the work will start in 6 months time so beware if you are booking end of year 07-08. Clarify what the position will be before you book.	
Apr 29 2007	rude Manager	Loud wedding going on first night, second niight it was only the loud traffic from the outside..........More then rude Manager of duty......North MIddle East guy, still trying to understand the priciple of customer relations.... Requested me (forced me) since the hotel was overbooked the 3rd night, to transfer to another &quot;5 star hotel&quot; (this was a smokers room in the Novotel, 3 stars).For business reasons I have stayed in many hotels in the middle East and every time when I (forced to) stay in this hotel there was something to complain. Please believe that I have lived in worser hotels traveling to Iran and other less popular countries in the ME. Its just about value for money and to get a bit of human treathment.............(paid 900DHS for executive floor)So an absolute no go............	
Apr 19 2007 	Loved the Movenpick!	My husband and I stayed here for a two day stopover at the start of March. We have both stayed in other hotels in Dubai (in that area) and both agreed that it was the best hotel we had stayed in.My husband got in very early in the morning, so they gave him a room to crash in, then once i arrived a few hours later, they moved him and I to a double room, which was very large and had every amenity that you could wish for, including robes and slippers! Mini bar was extensive, but we didn't use it,so can't comment on the prices. Also there is wirelss access in the room, and at a very reasonable price. The food in the buffet restaurant for breakfast, and dinner was the best buffet i have ever eaten in.The choice was great and there was also a chef cooking up fresh pasta/noodles with fresh fish and meat to your spec. The gym was very well fitted out and the pool very big.. All of the staff are very helpful and friendly, especially the 'giant' Kenyan doormen who assist you in getting out of your vehicle and also to get taxi's. I would not hesistate to recoment this hotel to anyone who wants a fairly resonable hotel in Dubai, well away from the massive building work by the beach.	
Apr 1 2007 	Great hotel	We didnt know whether to stay in town or the beach, and turned out we made the better choice to stay in town. The road works outside made us think twice at first, but the hotel was brilliant. Very clean everywhere in the building, staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast had so much choice, and the other restaurants (especially the Italian one) kept us well fed. The roof terrace/pool was a fine place to relax, no noise from the roads and building works. Tips are 1. If you like cakes, the coffee shop cakes are half price after 7pm. Tried a few of these!!2. We used the hotel cars to transfer to and from the airport. They might cost a bit extra but worth it. The guy that met us off the plane was very helpful and the cars were very well kept. If you need to go anywhere while you are there, the staff are more than happy to take you.My parents stayed there just after us following our recommendation and loved the place also.The beach hotels may be good too, but 24hour building sites i can do without.	
Mar 30 2007 	Dubai's best hotel!	This is a fantastic hotel with the best service around. We were blown away from the second we got there, warm welcome from the porters, lovely receptionist even though we got there early (9.30 am) straight from the airport. She arranged for our room to be made up immediately, and sent us to the restaurant for breakfast while we waited.When we did get to our room, it was very luxurious and our luggage arrived within minutes.Rooftop pool and gym were 1st class and everyone in the hotel is so friendly and helpful - we just loved Dubai and this hotel in particular. Food was really good, though we also ate at Barbeque Delights, across the road from the hotel - authentic Indian all you can eat buffet for around £5 a head!Will definitely go to Dubai again and will stay at the Moevenpick - its handy for the Souks and for Wafi City and Lamcy Plaza shopping malls. If you do go to Wafi City, book in for a spa treatment at the Cleopatra Spa - it is unbelievably fantastic.	
Feb 12 2007 	Great hotel	My partner, ten year old daughter and I were guests of this hotel in August of last year. Apart from one major stuff up with our stay (will get to that in a moment) we had a fantastic time for the 5-6 days that we were in town. Ok the hotel is maybe not as sumptuous as some of the other truly decadent places that this country has to offer but then again the price we were charged for our visit reflected this fact and considering what we received this hotel represented very good value for money. (Keep it in mind that we didn't have the good fortune to experience other than a standard room type and that we have no experience with the 'executive' style room which we suspect is a whole level of luxury above what we sampled).The place is worthy of its current star rating with the rooms and all amenities being spotlessly clean and fairly opulent. ( I am a clean freak so this is high praise from me) We had beautiful orchids placed on our pillows every night and chocolate left on the nightstand (who wouldn't love that!). Complementary bottles of water were left each time the room was made up and we were offered a choice as to what type of pillow and bedding we would like to receive. Beautiful orchid displays were also dotted about the rest of the premises.However, the best part about this hotel was its fabulous staff. From the minute we were collected from the airport (jetlagged and heat dazed at 2am after a 22 hour journey) we were delivered into good hands. With the exception of 3 people (amazingly those fronting the check in desk and guest services) we found every single staff member to be delightfully courteous, friendly, warm and helpful. We were greeted by every staff member who passed us with a smile and a wish that we have a nice day. Never at any time did these courtesies appear fawning or insincere. The Concierge and his team were fabulous and went to great lengths to ensure that our requests for information, bookings etc were quickly and effortlessly fulfilled. Need a taxi - no problem a smiling doorman will happily hail one for you and bid that you wait inside in the cool of the foyer until it arrives. You'll see the same smiling face and receive a pleasant welcome back when he opens the taxi door upon your return. Staff will fall over themselves to offer to carry any of your packages to your room.The staff attending the downstairs restaurant that hosted the breakfast and dinner buffets were our favourites with one particularly gracious and friendly young Burmese lady becoming the clear winner in our eyes as best employee on the premises. She charmed our daughter and delivered excellent customer service. She was such a good ambassador for this brand that following one of our evening meals I immediately requested a visit from the manager to let him know just what a valuable asset she was to this hotel. If I were launching an amazing luxury hotel to rival the Burj Al Arab I wouldn't hesitate to attempt to poach all the Moevenpick staff. I don't think that I can give higher praise to this group of people. As another reviewer mentioned the hotel would have been perfectly comfortable to stay in as a female travelling alone.Although we did see other children of all ages during our stay this hotel is not truly a family hotel (no child play facilities etc) and would probably best be described as a business/corporate or couples leisure travel focussed establishment. Children are welcomed however, just not overly catered to with hotel features. In short it is a great place to retire to eat and sleep but you will want to leave to find entertainment regardless of what class of traveller you are. A free minibus service runs on return trips from the hotel to some popular tourist spots as well as airport transfers.We also, agree with other reviewers regarding the roof top pool in the sense that it was surprisingly basic for a hotel of this star rating. This facility was however, perfectly adequate for our needs and was supervised by a lifeguard and partly shaded with a sail for hot times of the day. A nice looking little bar / snack bar with a few tables and chairs was setup adjacent to the pool. The only area that we were let down during our stay concerned the babysitting arrangements that we contracted for whereby our child was inexplicably left without a sitter for a period of nearly two hours as the guest services counter girl who was supposed to personally provide her care apparently decided on a whim not to bother to turn up for this job (despite my having filled in a detailed written contract and personally discussing the matter with her the day before). I was late for an appointment and I left before the sitter turned up (the sitter was already 20mins late at this stage and leaving my child was the suggestion of the blonde guest services girl) and before I left I clearly informed the blonde guest services desk girl that her collegue had not turned up to care for my child at the appointed time and that I wanted her to call my child in her room in ten minutes from my time of departure to ensure that her babysitter had arrived I instructed her to call me immediately if there was any problem or further caregiver delay and I would return. (all of these details and eventualities had been discussed and agreed to the previous day and I was assured that they posed no problem) Nor did my child's sitter bother when she decided not to turn up to work to inform anyone else that a young child was awaiting her arrival in her room. My child was reduced to hysterics by her non arrival and had to phone downstairs to chase up another caregiver. The blonde guest services girl took the call but hung up on my child before explaining what she was going to do about the problem nor did she upon hearing my child's distress get off her backside and go immediately to my child to check on her welfare. The girl who was supposed to do the job had phoned in sick but lo and behold upon our return in the early afternoon she was viewed by myself in the lobby miraculously restored to good health and vitality escorting a group of businessmen around the facility. At no time did the other blonde guest services desk girl phone us to inform us that a problem had occurred or to let us know that our daughter had been upset to such a magnitude. Nor did she inform me of these facts when I stopped to talk to her upon arrival back at the hotel. I heard it from my daughter and when I had contained my anger and outrage sufficiently to go back downstairs to confront her with her and her collegues negligence she was extremely dismissive and unapologetic and could not even begin to explain the fact that her collegue was standing right across the foyer in radiant good health after I pointed out that she had informed me moments earlier that she was sick.These two girls were negligent in the extreme and exposed the hotel to massive liability with their irresponsible approach to caring for a minor person under a written babysitting contract. They should have been sacked but to my knowledge no action was taken against them by managment despite my partner bringing this inexcusable incident to their attention. (I could not be trusted to be polite when so furious). The blonde desk services girl did offer the babysitting charge be waived but we refused this and paid the substitute caregiver (who was not at fault in any respect and who did a reasonable job) since we were concerned that her work would not otherwise be compensated. Yet despite such a poor experience with these two (and a somewhat snobby young western male front desk operator) we found the rest of staff to be the factor that made our stay otherwise excellent in every respect. We would consider staying here again but we do recommend to other travellers to consider what attractions they wish to visit when choosing their accommodation since this hotel may not appear to be an obvious choice at first owing to its location. Do keep in mind that taxis are very inexpensive.	
Jan 12 2007 	As a female on her own this hotel was brilliant!!!	I stayed in the hotel on a business trip and being a 23 year old female on her own and never been to Dubai before I was more than a little anxious to say the least, however when i arrived in the early hours of the morning I was made to feel very safe and at ease by the great reception staff who were quick to check me in and get me up to my room. The room itself was amazing with plenty of space, lovely comfy bed and even a choice of pillows! The breakfast itself was also amazing and I mean there are not many hotels that allows you to have smoked salmon and scrambled eggs for breakfast from a buffet! OK if you wanted a fun english breakfast then you would be disapointed but you have to remeber that you are in a Muslim country and they just dont have things like sausage and bacon but there is so many other choices from various meats, breads, fruits and yoghurts there is something for everyone. I ate in the al a carte restaurant and also ordered room service and the food was delicious! I did alot of shopping (on my own) and the staff were always helpful in pointing me in the direction of the best shops.I had to leave for the airport at 4.00am and ordered the hotel shuttle and i must say it was there on time and drove me quickly but safely to the airport.I am travelling to Dubai again in a few months a I will certainly stay in this hotel again!!!	
Jan 2 2007 	Trying hard to be 5star	The Movenpick is trying to be a Dubai 5 star property and simply has gone through a list of things it needs to achieve to be rated as such and has then done the bare minimum to tick that box.The breakfast was OK - the minimum you would expect.The rooms were comfortable and the bathroom well appointed, but nothing special. The pool area is functional, but has no wow factor. The location is not special, but at least is near Deira shoudl you wish to visit the town, but will cost about 60Dhs to reach Jumeria Beach. The reception area is again functional and looks smart but is smallish and does nothing special.Having said all the above the price you pay here is quite a bit less than on the beach and therefore, I guess you get what you pay for. The hotel is OK in all respects, but is not that opulent 5 star Dubai experience that you may be after. I have stayed at many other hotels in Dubai, and therefore can critique this hotel with authority. If you want a special trip , pay the extra and stay on the beach. If you are simply here for business and want to save a few dollars then the Movenpick will be OK.	
Sep 3 2006 	"A hotel of Class" from London.	Where can I begin....I stayed here along with a cousin for 5 nights. We requseted an early check in as we had booked an overnight flight and on our arrival we were welcomed by staff and given our room without any hesitation. Staff were very friendly and polite and every member of staff would greet us each morning.We were unsure of what places to visit in Dubai so approached the concierge staff who were very efficient and prompt and even made reservations for us to visit clubs on nights out.Buffet breakfast and other hotel food was excellent and nice....I would ignore any previous negative reviews about this hotel as this is definately a place to stay.The gymnasium is of an excellent standard and had all the necessary weights and equipment that I required. The swimming pool was of average size but yet accomodated us.The hotel is located near all the major shopping centres and near Dubai airport and taxis cost next to nothing. There is also a shopping centre about a 5 min walk away which had all the major food outlets.If you want a peaceful and 5* stay in Dubai, I would highly recommend this place as I will be returning here.	
Aug 25 2006 	Fabulous Hotel	Very luxurious hotel deserving of 5 stars, staff courteous nothing is too much trouble. World class breakfast all you can eat, highly recommend the Italian restaurant also catch the Big Bus tour from Wafi City. Hotel really classy, every night chocolate and an orchid on my pillow. Jimmy Dix's great for live band and we paid no cover charge.Taxis really inexpensive, Irish Village and Century Village not far from this hotel make sure to visit.Will definitely return	
Feb 22 2006	Excellent hotel!	We stayed at Movenpick Dubai last October and found it to be great value. The service we received from all of the staff was second to none. Shashi (the concierge) went out of his way to ensure that we had a great holiday by booking the restaurants and activities we wanted. Everybody was friendly to us, from the manager to the cleaners, who ensured the hotel was always in pristine condition. The hotel is not in the best area but with taxis so inexpensive this was not a problem. We visited many other hotels in Dubai but none compared to Movenpick for making you feel like a valued customer.We look forward to going back and would recommend it to anyone who wants a bit of luxury on an average budget. It is an extremely comfortable base for city-exploring, but I wouldn't recommend it to those who want to relax by a pool most of the time.	
Sep 14 2005	Great Hotel great Value for Money	I stayed with my hubby and 2 kids in the Moevenpick Bur Dubai in a &quot;family room&quot;, which catered fabulously for the 4 of us. The food was good, particularly in the Italian restaurant. The buffet breakfast rich and good value. They offered daily free shuttles to the beach (very nice one in a park, not too far from hotel) and to the major shopping malls. All in all we spent a memorable five nights in that family friendly hotel. Can highly recommend it to anyone who is not after a beach holiday.	
Aug 30 2005	Average Hotel in Excellent Location	Movenpick Bur Dubai is an average hotel in the prime location. Close to most shopping centres ( Lamcy Plaza is really in walking distance), the hotel is well situated.We had booked 3 rooms, all with interconnecting doors. We got two, and the third was not connected. To add to this the third room had twin beds, while we had requested a double bed. We took the matter to the front desk who then promptly upgraded the third room to the 4th floor (executive floor). Menawhile, all the baggage was sent down to the otehr tow rooms, and it took the concierge desk one and a half hours to send the bags up to the fourth floor.Rooms are nice and clean, and the housekeeping is very responsive.The concierge desk, however, is LOUSY, and I was looking for telephone numbers of restautrants, it was easier to call 181 and find te number yourself than go through the lousy concierge. In fact, I noted the concierge staff would keep arguing wiht front desk staff and refuse to follow instructions.Restuarants are average, we were on bed and breakfast and the breakfast was usually cold.Ate once at the Italian, avegare at best.Had dinner once at Somerset's ( the pub) food was good, service was good. It is a bit of a dull pub, not much going on, except for a lot of arabs sneaking in to drink alcohol!Jimmy Dix next door was fun, it was freezing cold and drinks were well priced. However, there is a cover charge on most nights and it seems the hotel does not have any say.The rooftop pool was average, I have seen larger pools in homes. At night, the lighting there is average to poor.All in all, a good hotel, but not much in the form of restaurants or pubs, and watch out for the USELESS concierge desk.	
May 17 2005	Great value in an expensive city	The Movenpick is not on the beach, but is in a great location to access all parts of the city - business, shopping malls, beaches etc. Staff are friendly and helpful - and they have special rooms for families! Accommodation is not cheap in Dubai, but this hotel is great value. And you have to try the Friday Brunch - they have a craft market, stalls with superb food and dessert to die for. Plus a kids room with bouncy castle, colouring, kids food, and supervision so mums and dads eat in peace ( a glass of bubbly is included in the great value price!)we loved it, and will be back in the summer using the special summer promotion offers, during the Dubai Summer Surprises. Yes, itis hot, but great shopping deals and activities for the kids all over the city.	
Apr 17 2005 	100% perfection	PLEASE IGNORE the negative reviews about this hotel!!! Both my girlfriend and I had the pleasure of staying in the Movenpick Bur Dubai for two weeks and enjoyed every minute there.The staff, from the front desk to the room attendants could not have been more friendly in their approach to make our stay as enjoyable as possible. The actual hotel itself is stunning and there were always taxis on hand to ferry us around at a very affordable price.All in all - we strongly recommend the Movenpick Hotel Bur Dubai and look forward to our return.	
Apr 15 2005	Excellent Concierge !!!	Me and my wife visited Dubai during the peak season between 24th April to 31st March 2005. Due to the Dubai Gold cup and Easter holidays all hotels were fully booked. We were able to get an executive floor room at Movenpick Hotel.Being our first time in Dubai we needed all the help we could get to enjoy our stay. One of the concierge SHAHSI was excellent, he has a wonderful knowledge of Dubai, and he adds a lot of personal touch and efficiency to his work,He was able to get us to dine in all the top restaurants in Dubai, Pepper Crab at Grand hayyat, Yatch Club, Spectrum at the Fairmonth, Marakesh at the Taj, Tokyo at Emirate Towers, at the La Parilla , top floor of The Jumeirah Baech hotel with an excellent view of The Burj. The service on the Executive floor was good and the spread at the happy hour is vey good.The location of the hotel though far from the beach (there is a bus shuttle to the beach and the Big shopping Malls) is very good and quite.I will recommend this hotel ****. We will definately stay in this hotel next time we are in DubaiMr. Mallam, London, Uk	
Nov 15 2004 	Don't go there	I stayed there once, and never again! Looks very nice but service is terrible. For example, when you check out they ask &quot;did you use the minibar?&quot; and when you say &quot;no&quot;, they keep stalling until they send someone to actually check whether you are lying!! This could take up to 10 minutes!!!!When I insisted to talk to the manager about this, he came out, gave me an insincere smile and simply said &quot;we will certainly take your comments into consideration&quot;. Yeah right. Your loss, sir!	
Sep 2 2004	Awful	I thought this was a terrible hotel. It has five stars outside the hotel - but I would certainly not rate it as that! Granted the reception area is beautiful. We however found staff quite rude. There is no type of mini-bus to take you into town. There is a near by mall. However, the ladies changing rooms were a mess! Having previously stayed at Le Royal Meridian in Dubai - this could not even be compared! I would NOT stay here again!	
Jul 16 2009 	Tolles Hotel komplett weiter zu empfehlen!		
Jan 17 2009	Come principi....		
Jan 9 2009 	Bestimmt wieder		
Jan 8 2009 	Come a casa........		
Sep 22 2008 	Bella esperienza		
