Nov 22 2009 	Rude staff bad service. A guy entered my room when I was naked	I have been twice in this hotel because my travel agency works with them and I was not able to plan for my travel. The staff simply ignore your requests for anything(even a wake up call is considered as extra service). In my first travel(october 2008), I arrived at night and the transportation to hotel arrived late at the airport. Then they gave me a room in the 2nd floor. I did not know that there are two discos in the first floor and I could not sleep until 4 AM because of the disco's sound. The next time(aug 2009) I asked for a room in upper floors and they gave me one in 5th floor. I was naked in my room shaving when some guy entered my room with one of the hotel stuff. I was really shocked. The reception had given him the same room as mine. I do not know how it can happen!!!! They did not come for transportation and I took a taxi. The food was good in my first trip but in the second, it was spicy. Furthermore the restaurant was full if you were a little late and you should stay in the lobby while others are eating (there is not enough couches in the lobby). Fish and chips was only chips and nobody cared to fill the fish dish again. Very bad service when they are a little busy.Their English is terrible and you can hardly understand what they say. I do not recommend it to anybody. Go to another 3 star hotel. This time I am going to Ibis (2 stars) but I won't go to Fortune again.	
Nov 12 2009 	Value for Money	This is at a very convinient location at Diera area. The facilities are very good. Food is very delicious. Value for money hotel. The management staff is very cooperative. The pool side area is very good at top floor. Majority of Staff is either Indians or Pakistanis. Some of them are also from Bangladesh. Totally Its good time.	
Oct 17 2009 	AVOID AT ANY COST- They are thieves!!	avoid at any cost. They don't have safety deposit boxes in the rooms and they have them in the reception backroom instead. The boxes don't have combination locks, they have keys and hotel holds a spare key to all the boxes. Hotel staff opened my box and stole 1000 dhs out of it but I couldn't prove anything. The bathrooms have sewage problems and stink. Hotel staff are very very unfriendly. Food is horrible! A complete scam. Don't risk it. Email me for more info: [--]	
Feb 5 2009 	PERFECT HOLIDAYS	I stayed at Fortune hotel in 2005, with my husband, and was very suttisfied . Therefore this year, I decided to book the same hotel. I am very happy I did this, was very happy with the assistance, of the entire hotel, reception,breakfast room,service.Room was clean and tidy.any extra I needed people were happy to serve .I had my little baby with me, 11 months, and everyone was very helpfull and kindHotel area is very good,only 2 minutes walk you can find supermarket, macdonalds,nandos,burger king, pizza restaurants,starbucks,restaurants.I will definately use the same hotel during my next visit to Dubai.	
May 20 2008 	Nice enough good location	This hotel was nice enough for our brief trip to Dubai. The room was clean and of a reasonable size, though its not what you'd call luxury.Staff on the front desk and in the bar weren't the best, one lady on reception could be quite rude and the chap behind the bar didn't seem to understand what we were saying a lot of the time.Breakfast was okay, although some of the things on offer seemed a little strange.All in all this hotel served us well for our short stay.	
May 17 2008 	Nice Hotel	Not to be confused with the Fortune Hotel which is in Deira.I stayed at this hotel during the Arabian Travel Mart. It is a time when hotels can be difficult to find and have rediculously high rates. By the way, Dubai hotels are these days rediculously expensive anyways.I got a single room for 125 usd. The hotel apartment was recent renamed to fortune hotel apartment and is just behind the office tower of ABN AMRO located on the main bank street in Bur Dubai. This hotel is around 5 minutes walk from Bur Juman which is about a 3 block walk.There is a good mosque across the bank street road. There is also a good supermarket nearby and decent places to eat as its a office district.The rooms were clean, breakfast was sufficient and staff was friendly. Would recommend this place.	
Dec 1 2007 	It's OK!	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights. The hotel is not ranked as 3 star I think, but it's ok. The breakfast is good but I can't eat much at lunch. The beds are comfortable. Staff are friendly. Bathroom is clean. But all in all I think it is a little bit expensive. The location is good but they worked in the streets near the hotel and it causes the roads to be blocked.	
Nov 2 2007	Good South Indian Hotel	This is a good hotel especially if you are a south Indian . The hotel is situated in a crowded place . Go there only if you are willing for traffic jams . Rooms are big and sufficient for 2 . Got an amazing deal worth the search in Dubai . Close to the City center mall in Diera . Near to the airport as well . Will cost you around 15-20 AED frm hotel to airport . You get to eat Dosa to Idli in this place	
Nov 10 2006 	Not so good Fortune	This hotel is classed as 3 star, but I wouldn't rate it that highly! We stayed for 4 nights. The room was usual basic standard and the bed was comfortable but I failed to get another pillow after repeated requests.The bathroom and loo weren't cleaned properly and it was hit or miss how many towels and facecloths we got between the 2 of us each day. One day the room wasn't cleaned until 3pm!The noise from the nightclub 4 floors down was audible, so must be really noisy if you're closer. The pool was small and on the roof, we didn't try it but the gym was ok.Breakfast was buffet style and although there was plenty of choice, the hot food was stone cold on two mornings. Despite numerous members of staff hanging around they were always out of hot water, milk etc. The only coffee was instant!Don't eat in the restaurant in the evening. We did one night and were served with a plate of bones and rice!! ( I think it was supposed to be biryani.)The staff were polite enough but service of variable standard.Dubai is a fascinating place and the people friendly. I would recommend staying in the Deira side of the creek, just not this particular hotel.	
Nov 2 2006	Civil but not friendly	tired hotel; staff not very friendly. Very noisy until 3am.	
Oct 6 2009 	pas terrible		
