	Lacking personality	Stayed here for 2 nights in early April. We were hoping to be wowed considering the price we had paid. however, the hotel was rather lacklustre. Didn't get off to a good start, when we were showed to our 'sea view' room, for which we had paid a premium. The room was on the first floor and it had absolutely no view of the sea at all - the palm trees right in front of the balcony completely obliterated it. To cut a long story short, we asked to be moved and it took over an hour for this to be arranged. Overall this is an average big resort hotel, which has little charm or personality. We visited friends at another hotel whilst we were there and there are definitely nicer hotels to stay at in Dubai for the same price.	
Nov 22 2009 	Not quite as good for a toddler	We stayed 2 nights and generally enjoyed the experience. It's an older hotel but doesn't seem to have suffered too much for this. I've seen another review comment on the noise from the Barista bar, and agree that it was a bit noisy on one night, but not excessively so where our room was situated - on 7th floor. The room was clean - but not too spacious when you have a portacot to fit in. The only problem with the room was the easy availability of so many light switches and telephones to fiddle with, plus the easy of playing with the bidet taps in the bathroom - a great joy for an 18 month old, but really irritating for the grownups!We had breakfast both days at the hotel and were disappointed by the cleanliness of the highchairs. We thought we'd go across to the Westin for dinner on the second evening, but their highchairs are very unsuitable for other than a small child. for starters, the staff were unsure how to secure the youngster in the highchair (a design i had never seen before), and when they had worked it out, it was so tight for him, he could hardly breathe. in addition, he was eating at the (rather small) table rather than off the highchair tray, with the result that everything was within his reach. we gave up eating in that restaurant and decided to try another in the Westin, only to discover all their highchairs are the same.Back to the Le Meridien, by which time the youngster was too tired to eat. The staff were really terrific, and one commented as we decided we had to leave to get him to bed that we were not getting value for our buffet type meal, and would we like to choose some food and he would arrange to send it up to our room. Very considerate.With all the roadworks going on at the front of the hotel the location is not that terrific, but they do have a shuttle bus to take you to the Mall of the Emirates, from where you can get to most places.Value is down only because I feel that hotels of this quality and price should include internet access within their rates	
Nov 20 2009 	Reliable Dubai beachside hotel	We stayed for 4 nights in November 2009.HIGHLIGHTS:- We arrived at 9.30am. At first we were told the earliest our room would be available was 12pm, but by 10.15am we were in our room. - For both early arrival and late departure we were able to use the health club facilities.- It's one of the older Dubai hotels, but still has an air of luxury and is impressive.- Standard room was very spacious and comfortable.- Excellent beach and pool facilities. Plenty of space on the beach and lawn areas, and facilities shared with The Westin next door. There seemed to be many more loungers than guests. Sea is sheltered, shallow and very safe making it ideal for kids. Pool is not huge, but it is an infinity pool which always rocks, and has a swim-up bar.- The health club is probably the best I've seen in any hotel in the world...essentially a private health club which happens to be part of a hotel. Plenty of first class equipment, sauna, steam room, plunge pool.LOWLIGHTS:- Our room was on the street-side, and was noisy at night from both traffic, and what I suspect were ventilation units outside. Without our trusty ear plugs, we'd have really struggled to get a good nights sleep.- Breakfast was not included, and was a staggering 110AED per person (£19). Why do hotels do this? The cost to provide all guests breakfast is minimal, and when you're already paying a small fortune for the room, it's almost insulting to get fleeced for breakfast. That said, quality of breakfast was good.- We had no need for it, but this is a hotel which charges through the nose for Internet access. Again, the cost to the hotel is virtually zero, so the high charges are unreasonable.OTHER:- Main reason for choosing this hotel was price. At the time of booking this was one of the cheapest beachside hotels, yet still £240 per night for a standard room excl. breakfast. Yes, Dubai hotels are expensive, but you can get much better value in other parts of the Middle East and beyond.- It is true, there is a lot of construction work behind the hotel which creates some background noise, but nothing to spoil your day as some reviews have suggested. If you come to Dubai, you have to expect some construction noise because it's everywhere!- The location is good. Close to Dubai Marina, Palm Island, golf courses etc. If you're heading to Downtown in the evening, there can be a lot of traffic on Sheikh Zayed Road.Overall a very pleasant stay and would come here again...but would look for a better deal.	
Nov 7 2009 	amazing!!!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel on our honeymoon at it was totally amazing! our room was ready on arrival early on the Tuesday morning. the hotel staff were friendly and nothing was too much trouble. the rooms were spacious and extremely clean. the hotel caters for all groups, families, couples etc. the breakfast was great, so much variety it filled you up until dinner time. the beach and pool areas were fantastic, sun loungers, cafes, bars- all amazing.we enjoyed every minute and will be back in the future.	
Nov 6 2009 	PARADISE	Have just returned from 3 night trip to Dubai, it was our first time in Dubai. We booked our stay through Destinology. Their service was absolutely excellent. We were met at the airport and driven to the Meridien Mina Seyahi Beach Resort. The Hotel staff were very welcoming, we arrived at about 8.30a.m., once checked in we were shown to our room, we had a corner room on the 2nd floor. (very near the Barasti Bar) We did not feel the noise was an interruption, probably because we went to the bar each night! The room was absolutely beautiful with a luxurious bathroom. We had a sea view with balcony which was great to sit out on early evening before we went up to the Royal Club Lounge for &quot;Happy Hour&quot;. We had booked a Royal Club room which enabled certain perks, one being the Lounge on the 9th Floor, where we could go to at any time for refreshments during the day. We had also gone full board which meant that whenever we were dining all our drinks were included. The only downfall being the drinks were very expensive (at least seven pounds for a glass of wine)We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and it was a first class hotel. Everything about it was excellent. The choice of restaurants and the quality of the food served and the staff were outstanding. I would have no hesitation in recommending Destinology or the Meridien Mina to any of my friends. All in all it was a fabulous vacation and my husband and I had a wonderful time. Thank you to all in the hotel for making our stay a most pleasant and enjoyable experience.	
Nov 3 2009 	EXTREMELY DATED for a 5 star	We have just arrived back from the Le Meridien Mina Seyahi from a 3 nights break. This was our first ever visit to Dubai. ProsThe staff are extremely friendlyBreakfast is beautifulGrounds are really niceWestin is next doorConsRooms are extremely dated and in need of refurbishmentBarista Bar (very noisy)Water was falling from celiling into lobby lounge during breakfastWater was then falling into our bathroom (on the same morning)I would stay in the Westin the next time we visit. Definatly not what we expected for the price.	
Nov 2 2009 	casual hotel	nice hotel on the beach.cleaned well every day.rooms are dated though could do with a refurb .nice bar and pool and can usu the westin next door wich is much nicer.only complaint they never came to fix the saftey latch that was broken on our door.good location and one of the cheaper hotels in jumerih location.there is alot nicer hotels in the area but good if you have children or are on a budget	
Nov 1 2009 	Super hotel	Visited hotel in mid October and it was great. We had stayed in the Royal Meridien last year and were unsure if we would get the same standard of hotel. We were not disappointed. We arrived early at around 7 am and did not expect to be given our room straight away. Staff were excellent, we went for a shower and had our breakfast. We were just settling down for a quiet snooze when friendly staff told us our room was ready. It was only 9.30. We were delighted. The room was just as good as the Royal Meridien. Very comfortable and spacious. On the first night we ate in the Ciro's Pomodoro restaurant and would not recommend it. The food was fine but the ambiance is not good. It is quite repressive in its decor. However we were hungry and tired and could not be bothered travelling outside the hotel to eat. The food was fine and the service we could not complain about. Just the decor which is not to our taste. There are no windows and it is under ground level. Perhaps it would have been better if it had been busy.Breakfast was super and the fruit was really delicious. We ate at the Westin hotel's italian pizza restaurant and it was lovely. A brilliant setting and a really good pizza, just wish they served more than pizza.We had lunch a few times at the bar which looks on to the pool and the food was really good. We also had a few drinks at the Barasti bar and this was entertaining. Good to people watch. We also had a drink a few nights in the wine bar in the Westin and it was lovely. There was a very refreshing breeze, so we sat outside and had our glass of wine. Very nice!!We used the gym a few times and cannot fault it. It had all the facilities you would expect. I even joined in in their water aerobics which was great fun. We used the water sports on offer and tried the banana boat ride which was great fun.Recommend you take a taxi ride to 'the Walk' just along the beach. There are lots of restaurants, coffee shops and shops. It is almost european in its set up.The check in and check out was smooth and the bill was correct, which is always a bonus. We had a fabulous time and would have no hesitation in returning here. Having been to Dubai 3 times we would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.	
Oct 31 2009 	Great hotel but don't stay near Barasti	Great hotel, great location with private beach, very friendly and helpful staff.Had a great time enjoying the facilities (shared with the neighboring Westin.Would certainly recommend, BUT: don't stay in seaside rooms near the Barasti bar!The beach parties will keep you awake most weekend evenings (Thursday-Saturday).	
Oct 28 2009 	All you need in a lovely resort	Little to complain about in this lovely resort hotel. Fantastic pool area which extends into the even more regal Westin for double the swimming pleasure. Both hotels share each others' facilities making this an absolute winner. Hotel is less than 10 minutes taxi from the wonderful Marina restaurant and shopping area. It is about 15 minutes to the Mall of the Emirates and there are free shuttles to this and to the Dubai Mall although not always at ideal times.Morning breakfast is excellent and well worth indulging in. Rooms are spacious but bedding which did not adequately tuck into the bed was a disappointment, Only real complaint was some repeated attempts by the door-men to get me to use the hotel car instead of a taxi. This practice is annoying as the metered taxi's are always cheaper. In fact, Dubai's taxis are excellent and affordable...just check the starting fee before the driver sets off...and have small coins and notes as most drivers seemed reluctant to give small change! All in all a lovely hotel that is not as glitzy or fussy as most others yet offers all the amenities in a relaxed fashion.	
Oct 16 2009 	WOW	Firstly Dubai in general is an amazing place even if it is still being built. It’s not just the city being built there are also some very ambitious projects underway elsewhere. Service in the city is outstanding and there are no second bests that we noticed. Generally if you can think of it, however small the detail somebody has anticipated it and has it well and truly covered regardless what it is.The hotel is amazing and overlooks The Palm with the Atlantis hotel on its tip as part of its fantastic view. We had upgraded our room so when you check in you’ll be shown to the elevator for a dedicated check in desk which is also there for you regardless of what you need. Up here is also the club lounge where tea, coffee and soft drinks are available all day if you can find somebody as they do tend to go to ground. Best bet is just to ask the person at the desk, if there’s anybody there. Afternoon tea and complimentary alcoholic drinks are served here during happy hour, which makes the upgrade well worth it as Dubai is very expensive. The only downside for us was the guy in the lounge on our first day, he was polite and everything but getting anything out of him being it a drink or an answer was painful beyond belief as we had to literally drag it out of him. We never saw him again though and the others were brilliant. The young lad at breakfast has got to be the best staff member for us, after two days he had our routine down, the tea and juice were on the table before asking. He was also genuinely friendly and helpful. The only thing that marred the lounge was that after a letter saying to use the express check out in the lounge, nobody was there and the poor cleaner was doing his best to find somebody for us. In the end nobody could be bothered to come up and they asked us to use the main reception.The grounds and facilities are amazing here and everybody will help you, the towels are plentiful which is unusual and there are numerous lifeguards on duty around the sea and pools. We feel guilty that we were exploring so much that we didn’t make full use of the hotel. The highlight for me was the Barasti bar/restaurant which I wish could be my local bar, perfect food, drink, music and service on the beach within a safe environment. Bearing in mind the issues in the club lounge and they were small if very annoying we would definitely return to this hotel. One thing that we did notice is that some people have more money than manners and the staff take it well even if they shouldn’t have to.We booked an airport transfer through Trailfinders and they use Arabian Adventures (red jackets) who must be the most efficient company we’ve ever used. We were picked up in a new BMW series 7 (I think) pure class. We also used this company for our tours and they were again very good but try to avoid coaches if you can. The 4X4 desert trip is well worth it, if you’re delicate take some travel meds as it can be a bit bumpy in the dunes and a few 4X4s were pulled over with people having issues but they were well cared for. Do not miss the chance to take high tea at the Burj Al Arab as this is amazing if a little rushed, there is however a lot of food to get through and if you upgrade to the champagne version its really good. Just give them the cash and go for it.	
Oct 13 2009 	Outstanding hotel.....	We stayed here for 5 nights in October and had a deluxe room booked, we arranged the airport transfer which was great, nice cold towel and water to cool us off on route to the hotel. They kindly upgraded us to a club room and also had a special on to allow access to the club lounge, i would really reccomend this. A pint of beer is £5 and for this offer it worked out £20 per person per night including breakfast, free soft drinks all day, afternoon tea, free alcholic drinks for a few hours in the evening, free internet access, free transport to the airport and designated checkin desk, it really made us feel special. The view from the 10th floor is amazing as well.You have use of all of of the facilities at the Westin hotel right next door, they are basically joined together, we actually sunbathed by their pool as it was adults only. The service is outstanding and the breakfast is out of this world. We booked a trip through the hotel which was great, the desert trip is a must!We are hoping to return to Dubai in the next year or so as there is so much to see and we will stay here again, it truly is a lovely hotel with excellent service.I would say the seafood restaurant doesn't have much choice so i was dissapointed there and also the italian restaurant was supposed to have a non-smoking area bvut that wasn't the case. These are the only two negative points i can think off and they are out of personal choice really.	
Oct 9 2009 	WOW!	We were absolutely blown away with this hotel. Every single staff member was very friendly, helpful and welcoming. The facilities were also outstanding. This hotel was very expensive but was absolutely worth every cent. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!	
Oct 7 2009 	Brilliant hotel	My boyfriend and I stayed at Le Meridien during our visit to Dubai in early September during Ramadan. I researched for a whole month to make sure we stayed in a nice hotel that was good value, clean, in a good location and friendly. This hotel lived up to every expectation. Staff went out of their way to help and were always happy to suggest things to do and try. The private beach was amazing and the beach attendants were brilliant as they came around with frozen flannels every now and again to help us cool down (temp was 42 degrees everyday).We visited during Ramadan and were a little worried about eating and drinking in public but the hotel serves food and drink during the day. We would highly recommend the Desert Safari, we went with Planet Tours (cheaper than others and more fun) which we booked through the hotel. We also booked a visit to the Burj al arab through the hotel and had an amazing time. The hotel also offers 2 free bus services to the malls, great way to save a bit of money. We would definitely go back!!!One word of warning, when looking for a taxi from the airport to the hotel don't go with an unregistered driver. We were ripped off by a random man who approached us by the exit of the airport asking if we wanted a taxi, we negotiated to 110 dirhams but later found out this was way over priced. We should have guessed that he was an illegal taxi driver when he told us that his car was in the car park and we would have to walk about 5 mins to it. Taxis que up outside and are marked cars with drivers wearing uniforms and displaying their ID. It should cost around 70 dihrams to the hotel not 110 dihrams.	
Oct 5 2009 	Good value when travelling with small children	Stayed for a week in April with two small children. Were able to stay in one room, which of course made a big difference in price compared to some of the hotels where we would have had to book two rooms. I was happy with the overall quality of the hotel, including service. The rooms were smallish but in excellent condition. Outside areas were well kept and enjoyable, lots of pools and a large sandy beach which was &quot;combed&quot; every morning. The outside areas of the neighbouring hotel Westin Mina Seyahi were also accessible, which added to the choice of pools. The Westin was more expensive when I did the booking, otherwise would have stayed there as I preferred Westin's style (and it's a brand new hotel). But staying in Le Meridien you can enjoy also the restaurants of Westin, which were very good. I mostly hate buffet restaurants but Westin's was probably the best I've ever tried. For finer dining I recommend their Italian restaurant.The crowd in Le Meridien (and Westin) was quite diverse: many business travelers, but also tourists from e.g. Russia, the UK and across Europe. Pools, the beach and play areas suited small children well, although I wasn't quite sure how good the water quality is in the sea as there is a yacht club next door and the construction of the artificial islands probably has had an impact as well. Speaking of construction, the closest island construction is too far for any noise to be heard from there, but the construction of the skyscrapers on the inland side of the hotel does produce some noise. I would only stay in a room with a sea view for this reason. You can hear the construction noise also outside, but it didn't bother us. We visited also the Royal Meridien, and I would say it suffers clearly more from construction noise.While the hotel area is nice, and you can jog on the beach and the long pier of the yacht club, you can't really get from the hotel to anywhere by walking. Even &quot;the Walk&quot;, area close by that has US style restaurants and shops, is in practice only accessible by taxis, at least when travelling with small children. But there are plenty of taxis and they are cheap (but seem surprisingly reliable). Downtown areas of Dubai has some interesting sites to see, but in general I recommend Dubai mainly for relaxing by the pool - and for shopping in the malls, which have many US and UK chains. For families with small children I also recommend visiting the many large parks Dubai has.	
Sep 25 2009 	Great Location Great Hotel	My partner and I stayed here for a week during Ramadan. Our room was a good size and we had a sea view but unfortunately no balcony. I think there are only a few rooms that do not have one. Staff are very attentive and came round every day to check if we needed any extra toiletries or water. The pool was closed but we had the use of all the Westin facilities next door. The pool guys would bring you buckets of ice if you wanted to take your own drinks down to the pool and they came round every now and again with cold towels which was great in the 40 degrees heat. We ate in Barasti twice and in Ciros the italian restaurant and found both to be good. There are plenty of sun beds at both the pool and the beach. No need to take towels as the hotel supply you with them.They also give you 30 minutes free use of the computer in the business centre per day I have always wanted to stay at Mina Seyahi and it did not disappoint me.	
Sep 24 2009 	Can not be faulted	We stayed at the Le Meridien Mina Seyahi at the back end of August for a few nights on the return journey of a holiday in Sri Lanka, unlike a few reviews I read before we travelled we found it very difficult to find any faults with this hotel at all. We were picked up at the airport by a private car and transferred in comfort to the resort, after a quick and pleasant check in we received our pre booked sea view room. We found the room modern, plush and not worn out what so ever, any person who thinks the hotel looks tired in any way must have been staying at a different hotel. Yes the Westin is newer and larger, with more pools, but when you take the number of extra rooms it has into account, you need this space to accomodate the extra guests. We found our room spacious with two very large king size beds, excellent A/C, a lovely view, large balcony and nice bathroom with quality products. The reception areas are light and airy and well maintained, the main restaurant where you take breakfast and any other inclusive meals depending on what board basis, is a bistro type restaurant, We found this was more suited to breakfast, rather than for dinner, as it seemed a little low key and slightly canteenish to take dinner in, this is only a slight gripe and I would not let this put me off returning again to this hotel again, The food served on the other hand is of excellent quality for a buffet, it is served self service buffet style basis but many dishes are cooked fresh in front of you and the number of dish choices are endless, varying from Western to Middle Eastern and Oriental, all cooked to perfection, unlike many guests pork was also available at breakfast even in Ramadam when we visited. Drinks are on the pricey side like anywhere in Dubai but has many other people have pointed out, duty free is available at a reasonable price to take in with you, this is situated in the luggage reclaim, before customs and you can purchase wine, beer and spirits etc. We found the pool area a little busy but still plenty of room to take a swim, most sun beds in the immediate pool area got filled quite quickly, but there was always plenty more available in the beautiful surrounding gardens and not too far from the pool. We actually spent our free time on the beach, this is pristeen, well maintained and always plenty of sun loungers, the sea is crystal clear and warm and the beach attendants like all the staff at the hotel go out of their way to make you feel welcome.we took the free hotel shuttle to the both the Mall of the emirates (well worth visiting) and to the gold and diamond centre (not as well worth the visit unless you are looking for some thing specific) unfortunately due to the costs in Dubai rising and the low pound bargains are now hard to find.All in all I can and will recommend this hotel, and I hope no body is put off by any poor reviews, as in my opinion these people are either talking rubbish or are total snobs. This was our first stay at this hotel (although we have stayed at other hotels in the Starwood Chain) but I can say it will not be our last, we are already planning our next holiday and wondering if we can include a return visit to the le Meridien mina Seyahi.	
Sep 17 2009 	Excellent stay will be returning	My husband and I have just returned from a weeks stay at the Meridien Mina Seyahi and are looking forward to returning.We arrived at 8am and had booked a Royal Club Seaview room. These are located on 8th and 9th floors although there are also two club rooms on each of the other floors as well. We took a room on the 1st floor as it was ready by 9.30am. I'd recommend booking a Club room as it pays for itself - airport transfers included, breakfast included in either the Club Lounge or Waves, afternoon tea and happy hour 7.30-9pm daily.The room was spacious and spotlessly clean, balcony was a good size, bed was very comfortable. The hotel itself is smaller than most of the others in the area and also than its adjoining hotel The Westin. Whilst I loved how new and modern the Westin was I felt that Mina Seyahi had more of a personal touch.The staff in the hotel were excellent and particularly Amu and Shilesh who looked after us in the Club Lounge. Two absolute gentlemen and they provided a really high level of customer service that was also noticed by others we spoke to. Romanu who collected us from the airport was also very helpful.We ate in Barasti Bar - very good value we felt and good choice of food. We also ate in the Spice Emporium in the Westin - more expensive €140 for a meal inc some beers and wine. We didn't really like Busola's (an Italian out front of the Westin), choice of food wasn't great and was very overpriced. One tip if you are going to the restaurants - ask for the Westin bottled water or they automatically bring the more expensive one!The pool in the Mina Seyahi was closed for the duration of our stay, whilst it would have been nice to have it open we had full use of the Westin facilities, less than 3 min walk. There were also golf carts on hand if you wanted them to bring you. Drinks service was excellent by the pool. Good variety of watersports also available, some free of charge which was great.We stayed during Ramadan and would have no problem returning at this time of year. All in all, we will return to Dubai and will also be returning to Le Meridien Mina Seyahi.	
Sep 16 2009 	Fab hotel great location	Stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in September. Hotel is in a fab location right on Jumeriah beach. Beach was unbelievable, clear blue, warm sea and so still you could have been sitting in the bath! The hotel building is not vast, lobby area is fairly small with the Waves restaurant and small hotel bar. The rooms are spacious, but those at the front of the hotel do not have balconys - which was a shame.We stayed on a halfboard basis which included breakfast and either lunch or dinner. Food was served in Waves restaurant and i felt this to be very dated and not much variety. Space around where the food was served was small, people walking on top of each other. Luckily we were told that you can switch your lunch to the &quot;Westin Hotel&quot; next door. Food here was superb, large, spacious dining room with so much choice.Hotel also has the &quot;Barasti&quot; bar and Ciro Pomodoro restaurant. Both looked lovely but very quiet due to Ramadan. Hotel has many watersports and i would reccomend the speed boat ride, about 700 dirham per boat (£125) for one hour. You go around The Palm and over to The Burj. Great trip and you can get a good tan..! Kyacking and canoeing where included in the price of your stay at the hotel.Was dissapointed that when we got there the hotel pool ws shut for maintenance. We could use the hotel next door, which was very near but would have been nice to be advised by Virgin prior to our arrival.Service was amazing, all staff were great and went out of their way to help you. Would def stay at this hotel again.	
Sep 15 2009 	Excellent Holiday	I stayed at this hotel for a week at the start of September 2009. This hotel is very luxurious and offers a very high standard of service. Right from the start the staff were very helpfull. We arrived at the hotel at around 8 a.m. and had our room key by around 10 a.m. which was excellent considering the check-in time is at 3 p.m. In addition to this booking through Virgin Holidays meant that we had a complimentary breakfast when we arrived. The leisure and beach facilities are excellent - we had full access to the Westin hotel next door which had a great chilled pool which was just what we needed in the 41 degree heat during the day. Members of staff are always around the pool/beach for any needs you have - food, drinks, ice, towels, etc.. There were many bars and restaurants to choose from. The food is very reasonably priced however the alcohol at the hotel is extremely overpriced. As a comparison, we went to Bar Zar at the Madinat Jumeriah about 10 mins taxi ride away, and we had 5 pints of imported beer for about 80 Dhs. At the barasti bar at the hotel we had two Magners and this cost 90 Dhs. The Alcohol is a total rip off at the hotel and would recommend going elsewhere, however this was one of the only negatives of the week. The rooms are very clean and are a very high standard - would recommend paying a little extra for a sea view room which comes with a balcony. Staff are very friendly and accomodating. Very good value for money here, and would definetly recommend this hotel!	
Sep 10 2009 	Excellent Hotel beautiful beach rooms not 5 star though	My husband and I stayed for 10 nights in a seaview room. If you can afford it it really is worth it. Hotel very clean, staff were brilliant. Pool was far too hot for us so we decided to go to the beach which was a great result. Other point about the pool they were refurbishing it for 10 days from 5 -10 sept and we were not notified about this when we booked our vacation otherwise we may have gone elsewhere which would have been a pity. You could use the Westin next door which looked very pretty and had a lot of pools. On the beach however, there were hardly any children, blissfully quiet, relaxation. Perhaps this was that during Aug/Sept jellyfish are in the water. However they are pretty large and are blue in colour and are quite easily spotted and as I snorkled every day I could pretty much find them. In my 10 days I spotted two and had the lifeguard fish them out. It was so worth it snorkling there were so many shoals of fish and pertty large too. There is an area which is sectioned off so you shouldnt really swim outwith this and the lifeguards were always on hand. We visited during Ramadan and didnt find it a problem at all, in fact this is when I would visit in future, as apparently hotels are much cheaper. We dont have a problem with the alcohol restriction during the day, its far too hot for it. There was also no live entertainment but again we went out in the evenings as it was much cooler. We had half board in the hotel and it was invaluable, I really couldnt be bothered hunting around other hotels for dinner as you cannot walk anywhere and have to take a taxi and for me its too time consuming therefore the hotel was excellent. The food was out of this world it really was, the breakfast was light, delicate, you could have smoothies, pancakes, prawn dumplings (yes a little strange I know but they were wonderful) and as for dinner a great choice coupled with the wonderful works of art deserts, they were just heaven, many people were taking photos of them they were just devine. The only negative points being, the rooms are really not 5 star and I would say they need a refurb, although were spotlessly clean and very comfortable. We stayed in a Meridien Westin in the USA and it was out of this world, you couldnt fault it. The drink prices were very expensive, £3 for a bottle of water and let me tell you you really needed to drink loads. A nice gesture was complimentary small bottles in your room every day coupled with a daily newspaper, nice touch. Lots of watersports on the beach too - anything non motorised is completely free for Hotel guests. We took a taxi to the Gold Souk, the heat there was unbelievable in the eve, it must have been 100 degrees. Be prepared for a lot of hassle trying to sell you fake rolexes and bags, just ignore it if you can. I got my husband a lovely gold wedding band, platinum with diamonds and I had seen it in the UK for approx £1000, the shop were selling it for £800 but I bartered him down to £500 which I think was a bargain. The jewellery is dazzling. A taxi cost us £24 return. We also visited Ski Dubai, we are very keen skiiers and found this to be out of this world, Milton Keynes is garbage compared to this. The slope is huge and we got 2 hours for £30 and another hour thrown in free, we skiied till past midnight. Only downside is the clothing and equipment. Dubai is the richest country and yet the equipment was very poor quality and the boots looked years old. However saying that we would definately return to Dubai and to the Meridien.	
Sep 5 2009 	Fabulous staff great hotel.	Stayed with our three teenage kids (13,14,16) in 3 x seaview rooms. Hotel spotlessly clean, staff were brilliant. Beach and pool fantastic, we visited during Ramadan which although a little concerned about at first, just meant that alcohol wasn't served before 7.30pm and then only in certain restaurants within the Hotel. There was also no live entertainment. Read previous reviews on Tripadvisor, which were invaluable. Firstly, the business centre at the Hotel means you can have email and internet access for half hour per room, free every day. Great for teenagers to catch up with friends. Everything could be charged back to the rooms - even from the gift shops in the lobby. There is a great bar called Barasti which is on the left hand side of the Hotel (outside) and does amazing food. We ate a few times there, each time both the food and service couldn't be faulted. There is also a restaurant downstairs in the Hotel which has a bar, (and does food although we didn't eat there). This is where the nightclub usually is - but not during Ramadan. There is also a hairdressers and beauty salon on the Basement floor which are good.We ate breakfast in Waves restaurant in the lobby, which was excellent. Good choice of food (buffet style). We also ate most lunchtimes at the bar by the pool - again, food was brilliant. One tip - the portions are huge, so we asked for meals to be 'split' into two - which were just the right size for the kids to share (even with their huge appetites). The iced coffees were also amazing. Staff bring around iced towels (great in 43+ degrees!), and deliver drinks to your sunbeds. As it was Ramadan, we drank loads of water, supplied in ice buckets to keep everything chilled. The beach was spotlessly clean, however there was a problem with jellyfish whilst we were there, which put us off going in - just used the pool instead which was excellent anyway. We also tried the BlueOrange restaurant at the Westin Hotel next door - a great experience, as it offered a number of types of foods - Indian, Asian, Arabic, Chinese - and Western - ! All buffet style and again, ideal for teenagers as they could pick what they wanted. Prices were 40 AED per person just for food - but well worth it.Try the watersports on the beach too - anything non motorised is completely free for Hotel guests. My husband also tried the Hobbie Cat, having first had a lesson with the instructor. He was then able to use this whenever it was available, at no additional cost.We also visited Ski Dubai, and the Aquaventure water park at Atlantis the Palm. See my separate reviews of these for our thoughts/further info.We booked to do an evening sand dune dessert safari which was amazing. Booked through North Tours, on line before we went (advice of a previous Tripadvisor reveiwer!) They were great, everything confirmed and all went smoothly with no payment being made until the actual event. Thoroughly recommend them for advance bookings. Also used them for a Dhow evening cruise. Again, it was fantastic - brilliant food, well organised and the views were just amazing. Would definitely recommend the Safari and Dhow Cruise if you do nothing else. The only mistake we made was going to El Karama. Although other reviews recommended it, we just didn't like it. It may have been due to Ramadan and it was very quiet - you couldn't go 10 paces without being hassled by the locals to go into the shops, which just wasn't what we were expecting. Stayed there around 10 minutes before getting a taxi back! I;m sure at other times it would be fine, and we just picked the wrong time to go. I was also expecting an old fashioned Souk, but it was just like a shopping centre with very cheap shops.We had a private car back to the airport - be warned that the porters will grab your luggage and then expect to be paid 20 AED for wheeling it through for you - non negotiable.Fabulous holiday - could not fault the Hotel (even a couple of minor niggles were resolved very promptly) and would definitely stay there again. Probably not in August though with temperatures over 44+ and during Ramadan!	
Sep 1 2009 	Fabulous four days	Myself and my two teenage daughters booked this hotel as a last minute break. We wished we could have stayed longer! From the moment of arrival to departure the hotel and service was faultless. The staff could not be more helpful. Our room, although land view, was spotless and comfortable. Everything you could possibly need was accounted for and if it wasn't there, you could ask for it!Being on a tight budget we did not have many meals at the hotel but what we saw looked fantastic and what we did have was excellent. The second to last night we discovered the 'night club' restaraunt, in the basement, which had meals that were more affordable to us and afforable drinks! Due to Ramadan there was not any entertainment but the 'older' music played was great for me. Again, the staff were exceptional with their service. The pool areas were spotless with ample sunbeds and towels. Around the pool staff came by with ice cold flannels to cool you off. Plenty of lifeguards and a delightful sheltered children's pool if you have liitle ones.On the beach, there were many un-occupied sunbeds, lifeguard stations and information on jellyfish etc. The sea was like getting in a bath!Throughout the grounds, transport was provided between restuarants, pools and health club. The lady in the tours information room was very helpful in advising us of the best time to visit the Atlantis hotel on the Palm.Outside we asked about the spice and gold souk and were advised by a very friendly member of staff to get a cab to the water taxi, to save cost. This was an experience in itself and we were so pleased that it had been suggested! We found the souks quite nerve racking and would have felt more comfortable had we had a man with us!All in all we had an amazing few days and if we ever get there again, would without doubt stay at this hotel again.Thank you to all the members of staff!	
Aug 30 2009 	Good for families with children	We have just returned from a 7 night stay at this hotel. Overall it was fantastic, the service is great and the all the staff are very friendly. We arrived on an early morning flight so our room was not ready. We checked in and had some breakfast which was great with a wide selection of food and all very fresh. We went out to use the pool and then they rang us to let us know that our room was ready. The room was pretty large and we had been upgraded to a sea view room (I would recommend having a sea view as the balcony comes in handy for drying your swimming gear).The room was serviced at least twice a day with fresh bedding and towels and every evening a weather forcast and some chocolates were left on the bed.The outdoor facilites are fantastic and the two childrens pools were the perfect depth for my two year old to walk around in. We were half board which was pretty good value for money, there was some confusion over our bill which took some explaining, but basically you can have lunch or dinner in addition to breakfast as your half board and they take the cost of an evening meal buffet from your total food bill for the day (so if you have lunch and dinner and the lunch comes to less than the cost of the of an evening buffet then any outstanding amount is taken from the bill for your evening meal). Drinks are not included (not even water) so this is where it can get expensive, Just to give you some idea we spent about 550 GBP over 7 days in adddition to our half board and that was with only 6 alcoholic drinks.A few nights we went over to the westin which is a beautiful hotel but somehow feels a bit less personal than le meridien.The bad bits; when we checked in it would have been nice to be offered somewhere secure to leave our valubles when we had no room (we had all our holiday money in our luggage). When we checked out we were asked to pay for breakfast that we had that morning which was 60 AED (about 11 GBP) each, this would have been fine but we only had a coffee and a croissant because the full breakfast service hadn't started. In the end they decided not to charge us (which was good otherwise this review would have been worse) this just put a slight down on what was otherwise an excellent stay.	
Aug 28 2009 	This hotel was excellent would definitely recommend it	we went to this hotel on 13th August for 2 weeks. The service in the hotel was brilliant from the minute we got there untill the minute we left the staff couldnt do enough for you.The rooms were very clean and tidy at all times, the towels where changed twice a day.we would highly recommend a sea view room as land view there is lots of construction going on.The location of the hotel was not the best as you need to get a taxi everywere its not a walking holiday if thats what you like. besides that it was too hot anyway this times of year.it was like a fan heater blowing on you as you stepped out the hotel.The hotel had lots of amenities these include watersports bars restuarants internet pools beach which the sea was like a hot bath.Go to the karama this is where they have the fakes but they are really good copies.they will start at ridiculous prices which you will have to barter them down. got some really good bargains well worth a visit.the shopping malls are very expensive but are lovely to go and see they are hugh.jeep safari was really good too and the meal included was too.went on the tour of dubai they was very interesting too learnt alot about dubai and the people. went on the dhow cruise which was lovely and relaxing. it was an amazing experience and would maybe do it again in time but not for 2weeks and not in August.	
Aug 12 2009 	Great Value for Money - Superb Service !	This was our second visit to Dubai, last visit was in 2007. The hotel was very good, staff where most helpful and very accommodating to our every need. The food was excellent and there was plenty of selection no matter what time you actually arrived in the dinning area. The room that we had was to a high standard, and all of the normal requirements you expect were in the room. It was cleaned daily with fresh bedding and towels. The beach area is kept well and is cleaned daily, as where all of the pools and surrounding areas. there are a vast amount of sunbeds and shades as very hot reached 47 degrees one day - factor 50 recommended ! The transport to and from the main shopping malls where very good, booking in advance is advisable. We went on two outings while in Dubai, first was to have a traditional meal on a Dhow whilst sailing up the Creek at night, this was a great experience and recommend it to you all, very romantic. The second was to visit the Atlantis Aqua park, this was also a good day, we only stayed for 4 hrs (not long enough to enjoy all of the rides, yes still young in mind and body) The hotel provided a shuttle service to and from this park which was fantastic (towel hire available at 30 DHS per towel or take your own!). The Westin hotel was adjoining our hotel (more expensive to our hotel) and you have use of all of their facilities, The water sports facility was free for most items, refreshing my skills on the Laser dinghy was great fun, instructors available if required also free. I recommend this hotel and would gladly use this one again in the future. Many thanks to all.	
Aug 9 2009 	The best hotel we've ever been too definitely 5* incredible service 1005 recommended for all!	Myself (16yr old girl) and my Mum went to Dubai from the 12th-18th July 2009 for our first holiday together without the rest of our family, so we wanted to stay somewhere safe and friendly. We picked such a great place for this as everyone we came across was very respectful and polite and we didn't experience an unfriendly face throughout the duration of our stay. When we arrived at the hotel our cases were whisked away whilst we were seated at the reception with a cold towel, chocolates and a fruit juice. Me and my mum were in shock as we have never stayed at a hotel like this before.... the incredible service carried on throughout our stay. One day my mum stood up to put up the umbrella near the pool and before she even lifted an arm the bar staff had done it for her, also we had complimentary drinks and chocolates each day, continuously re-filled which was definitely much appreciated! The weather is extremely hot in July... 47'c which we had never experienced and also the sea was 34'c... like a bath! therefore it was a bit of a shock to the system. On the first day I had a seizure in the reception area due to overheating and we did take care of ourselves! The service and care was amazing as I was a little ill after - The doctor who stays at the hotel was with me straight away taking my blood sugar levels and offering me free drinks and cold towels. The reason for saying this is you really must keep yourselves hydrated (we have never drank so much water in our lives!) and only go out for short spells at a time or stay near a pool! The entertainment on the complex is pretty good; in our hotel there was a belly dancer one night, henna tattoos another and a Bob Marley type singer the other night. Then we spent a few nights at 'Barasti' which is a very popular bar, a few minutes walk from the hotel - every night it was packed out with a great atmosphere! One evening we went to the sister hotel 'Westin' for a pamper, we really recommend this as it is very relaxing and a lovely treat! The puddingggssss! The food in the Waves restaurant is lush! I'm quite a fussy eater and often find myself eating very little on holiday but not this time! Every meal was a buffet with a huge selection of foods. Breakfast ranged from crepes to full English to homemade smoothies... lots of bread and cakes! Each evening had a different theme, for example Monday night may have been Asian night, Tuesday night is Meditteranean night, etc. There is loads of choice every night and we don't think anyone could have not found something they liked! The hotel has a private beach with plenty of free sun loungers and umbrellas. The sea is crystal clear... no jelly fish, I barely saw any fish at all. There is always a life guard on duty. There are rumours that the dress code in Dubai is very strict. In the shopping malls you are required to cover your shoulders and knees but definitely take more pairs of shorts and skirts as even at midnight you will find it hard to wear cropped trousers! The hotel provides all guests with 30 minutes complimentary usage per day of the computers including internet access. This allowed us to email home. The rooms are very spacious and clean.We recommend the open top bus tour which departs outside the hotel foyer at 9am. We hopped on and off throughout the day viewing the Burj Al Arab, Karama Market, a boat tour down the creek and many more stops :) The hotel gym was less than a 5 minute walk away from the hotel. It consisted of probably 100 pieces of equipment, looked out onto the pool and beach and was like a fridge - great air conditioning! We were hoping to use it as it was a great facility however we were in chill out mode the entire week. The kayaks were complimentary to all hotel guests and you could hire banana boats and other boat related objects at a charge. There's lots more to say but best not write an essay sooo... We cannot fault this hotel in any way possible, best we have ever stayed and the staff will do anything for you! You only have to say to the corcierge &quot;I wonder what time Aquadventure opens&quot; and they'd be on the phone finding out! However, throughout our whole stay we did not see our Virgin Rep once, even though we went to the welcome meeting for 12.30pm as stated and waited until 1pm there was no sign of him! We later received a leaflet under our door stating we could call him at any time with any questions which we didn't do as we would have rather seen him in person. We may have found out that there was a free shuttle bus to Atlantis the Palm which we never managed to get to! In saying that, I must say that the reps were very efficient at the airport and we were quickly put into a taxi and off to our hotel, which was only a 25 minute journey.Would we go back? Without a doubt!	
Aug 3 2009 	excellent stay!!!very clean!!!amazing staff!!!	we stayed at le meridien mina seyahi from 24/07 to 29/07 2009..we arrived in dubai at 04.25 and the check in time is 15.00 so after our free transfer to the hotel from the airport we asked about an early check in option and by 09.30 we were in our room!i loved it...we both actually...best location..don t worry about walking distances, you will not have to walk at all...all transfers are made by taxis!!! the hotel is near the palm..from the sea view rooms and with low humidity you can see atlantis at the cresent!amazing breakfast(complimentary with our royal club room)you ll find it very usefull that the hotel actually shares facilities with the next hotel the westin mina seyahi(they both belong in the same group)you can use the facilities of both hotels including the pools and the restaurants..the hotel has two restaurants(waves and ciros pomodorro)we went to pomodorry only and was very nice and cheap actually!if you visit pomodoro don t forget to look for madelyn, she has a very beautiful smile and she is so polite!very convinient are the transfers to dubai mall and to the mall of the emirates!you ll love it and its free!!!i want to make a special notice about the staff of the hotel.they are all very polite and willing to provide their services to you!don t worry about your amenities and room services or any arrangements you have to do once you ve arrive in dubai!they can do it for you!i would defenatelly stay at le meridien mina seyahi again and that will be on january!some tips before visit dubaibuy online a visitor mobile line package(you can buy it from du at around 49 dhs)it is very cheap and you ll get another 100% of your first top up which is included in the 49 dhs!!dont exchange a lot of money at the airports!just have with you something like 300 dhs..and then go to an exchange office out of airports.le meridien can exchange your money at good rates!arriving in dubai!!!dont forget to go to karama market(i m not making any other comment...just tell the front desk of le meridien where you are heading to and after 20 minutes and 50 dhs you ll be at karama market(you can find all the brands but very very very very cheap but dont forget to look for burgains)after you make a reservation to any of the clubs or restaurants dont forget to ask if they have an dress code(very important)if you are not sure you can use the guest services of the le meridien and they can do it for you!if you re planning for a safari and other excursions please do not use the sites that aks you for an online payment!its better for you to arrange it via email and just make the reservation!once you arrive in dubai the only think you have to do is send them an email with your hotel name your room number and your phone number in dubai and thats all!you ll pay to the driver when he pick you up!we book with north tours company wich is very good!we took a safari, a dhow cruise(amazing) and a city tour and we paid 350 dhs per person for the three excursions!thats a very good price!there are just so many things i could write for dubai.....just enjoy each hour there!have a nice time in dubai and get the most of it!once again thank you le meridien mina seyahi for your great hospitality and we are looking forward for our next visit!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 29 2009 	Fantastic hotel with a beautiful private beach	From the moment we arrived, I was totally impressed with the service. From the welcome drink and chocolate, to the guy who took our cases up to the room, wonderful. The bedroom was spacious and comfortable with a huge bed, the air conditioning made the room ideally cool, and you certainly need it at this time of the year! We had opted for a non smoking sea view room and I am so glad we did. The view was beautiful and as there is a lot of buidling work going on to the front of the hotel, I would have to say that sea view really is the only option - it's worth the extra. We stayed for a week, and I was so impressed with the way the room was cleaned, new towels every day, sometimes twice a day!, new sheets every day! Even the fact that the bouquet of flowers my husband had bought me on arrival was changed free of charge for another beautiful arrangement. Excellent. We stayed B&amp;B, and the breakfast was delightful, the fresh orange juice tasted like it had just been squeezed, the fresh fruit selection was divine, the hot selection differed every day, and there was a guy who cooked ommlettes and eggs to order, there was another guy cooking waffles and pancakes, there was even porridge! There was also a selection of breads and cheeses, cakes, croissants and pastries - beautiful. I was very concerned about what to wear in Dubai as it was my 1st trip, so I brought along plently of long linen trousers and long sleeved tops, as it was I needn't have worried, there was every culture staying at the hotel, with all sorts of different attire being worn. THe pool area was lovely, with a bar, but we chose to be by the sea, towels are collected from a hut close to the pool. Nothing could have prepared me for the heat at this time of year, it is like opening an oven door, the heat takes your breath away. The sea is as hot as a hot bath! Fortunately the pool is cool, so there was a way to cool down. Water costs about 18 dirhams and it comes in a champagne bucket filled with ice, and believe me it tastes almost as good, I have never drank so much water in my life. We took a trip to the Mall of Emirates, there are about 5 buses a day leaving the hotel, an excellent service, and an excellent shopping mall, a great place to cool down, go to Chop Chop chinese restaurant near to the ski slope for an excellent value, good quality meal, and also Apres a fantastic bar which overlooks the ski slope.. Taxis are very cheap, but ask for a local taxi not a hotel taxi. One evening we ate at The Italian Restaurant, I think it was called Bussola, it is in a sepearte buidling overlooking the sea, next door at The Westin, beautiful, would recommend. The pizza restaurant in the hotel was a bit of a disappointment to us, the pizza was just ok, and the service wasn't as good as in the rest of the hotel. The Barasti bar is a must visit, there was live music, with a really great atmosphere. Enjoy yourself it would be hard not to in such a fantastic hotel.	
Jul 28 2009 	One of the best hotels we have used	Just spent 6 nights here to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary, what a great choice. Staff were exceptional nothing was too much trouble and that goes for everyone who worked there. (I wondered if they could be sent to Europe to train hotel staff in how the job should be done).Room was excellent and kept clean and tidy, the room safe was free and an iron and ironing board was provided.On our anniversary we left our cards on display in the room. Later that day the hotel had left flowers in our room, we assume because the cleaner had noticed the cards, what a nice touch.We had full board which was taken in Waves. The food was always well presented and of high quality. The restaurant staff were always welcoming and attentive. Drinks were quite expensive, but that was the norm.Pool area was perfect, plenty of sun beds and towels available. Pool was refreshing and safe with all the lifeguards – never seen so many. Beach area was clean and tidy – water was warmer than the pool.We believe this hotel was a little gem amongst all those bigger, but probably less friendly, hotels around and we are sure we made an excellent choice.	
Jul 26 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We have just returned from Le Meridien on Thursday this week. After reading reviews about this hotel before we went we were slightly concerned about the staff. Fortunately we didn't have any problems all the staff were polite and friendly and couldn't do enough for us. In the restaurant Waves, the food was lovely with plenty of choice and each evening there was a different theme and not to forget Umash who looked after us. We also liked the fact that we didn't have to get up early to get a sunbed and also ice towels were brought around to keep us cool ad we could also use Westin's facilities next door. At the hotel there were free shuttle buses to the Emirates Mall and the Gold and Diamond Park. We also ventured out to Dubai Mall and Al Karama in a taxi which were quite cheap. At the hotel was Barasti bar which was good Fri/Sat with live music. We would definately recommend this hotel to family and friends as we were in walking distance to the Marina and other hotels.	
Jul 24 2009 	WONDERFUL HOTEL	Just returned from having spent 11 nights in the Minah Seyahi, went with husband, daughter, son-in-law and 3 grandkids.  The  hotel was terrific, the meals in the Waves restaurant were very good, plenty of choices, staff very attentive in restaurant.  Nothing was a problem to them.  Facilities in hotel were first class, and grandchildren really enjoyed the Kids Club. Rooms were spotless and clean ,plenty towels and toiletries these were replenished everyday,along with the complimentary water.  This was a blessing as it was very hot. Swimming pools  had plenty of space round them, lots of beds and your towels were put on the chairs for you everyday.We had the misfortune to have a power cut one morning and there was also no water, this was no fault of the hotel, but the power supplies DEWA, the fault was soon rectified, and the same evening we received a complimentary bottle of wine and chocolates from the management as an apology for the inconvenience that we had occured, this wouldnt happen to you in UK, you would be told hard lines.  This was most appreciated.My husband had the misfortune to misjudge the revolving door one evening and smacked his face in the door.  He was attended to by Varun the night manager, and also Jennifer the resident nurse, plus security men who all assisted him.  My thanks to all of these people for their attention, and for cleaning him up.  Varun also approached us the next morning in the dining room to ask how my husband was.  He would not have received this much attention back home. My granddaughter also had a visit from Jennifer while she was ill, it is good that you have a resident nurse on call 24/7.The grounds of the hotel were good for walking through at night after dinner, we also visited the Barastt bar on the beach, the guys on the buggies made sure you didnt walk if they were about.   We had lunch one afternoon in the Westin the sister hotel, it was very nice as well, the kids loved the food in there better, more like they are used to back home.  Well worth a visit to it.   Took the mono rail out to the new Palm Island complex to see the hotel, very nice, but the acquarium was quite pricey, we did not go into the water park at it,but it looked very nice.  The marina was worth a walk to at night to see the boats moored there, the marina had a good supermarket Spinneys which was good for buying soft drinks etc.Gold souk is definitely worth a visit, plenty to choose from, but you have to haggle for price, an experience well worth doing.   Would definitely come back again..	
Jul 22 2009 	great hotel 	very nice hotel with friendly staff , clean rooms and pools , good breakfast &amp; dinner buffets , all for a great price , overall 5 out 5!!!use the shuttle bus to the mall of dubai &amp; mall of emirates , free of charge with a good service nice places to stay cool in the heat of the day and good value for lunch, get back and be ready for the beach and pool, you can buy your spirits , beers, brezzers and cigarettes at dubai duty free on the way in , just in front of baggage reclaim, taxi to hotel from airport was about 85 dhs.	
Jul 14 2009 	First visit but not the last	Arrived at 7a.m. reception very efficient and friendly. cold towels cold drink and chocolate date all very welcome. Room 602 non smoking floor sea view,very clean well furnished , well stocked expensive mini bar and complimentary bottled water replenshed daily. Bed linen and towels changed daily.The balcony was big and the view awesome.Air conditioning very effective and very welcome.The prIvate beach was very clean and the staff very attentive towels available FOC and drinks available and brought to your sunbed (no problem wiyh avaiability). The sea was clean and warm . We were on half board food to be taken in Waves restaurant a little disappointed no allowance given to dine in any of the other restaurants however all the meals were of excellent quality and again the service was very good, drinks are expensive but we knew that before we left UK. Ciro's Pomodoro Italian restaurant with night club atmostphere and entertainment was very good. The Barasti is the in place and is very popular with locals.The hotel is not too far from anywhere and taxis are cheap and plentiful, although there is a complimentary bus available to the Mall.The sister hotel the Westin is newer and bigger and you can use the facilities such as bars, pools and restaurants if you eat there then you pay for it.In the Westino n Monday there are half price drinks between 6 - 9pm, and Tuesday is free champagne for the ladies however we got there about 8pm and although resident next couldn't get in as it was full mainly with locals again disappointing.However we both felt Le Meridien Mina Seyahi although smaller and older was far more to our taste but the occasional visit to the Westin was good. Friday brunch seems to be the highlight of the week in Dubai we tried it and enjoyed it and was very good value in the hotel.In conclusion the hotel was just a little sort of 10/10 but not a lot. A little tip on arrival at Dubai airport go into the duty free and buy any alcohol you require it' so much cheaper.	
Jul 13 2009 	Enjoyed.	As a New Starwood Member ,thought we look around &amp; see what this card could offer.Chkd location and facilities. U can stay here &amp; use the Westin Pool if not bkd out.THURSDAY ARVO.Chk In - Quick, Arrival Drinks, Cold Towels. In room with luggage 15mins. Good.Infinity Pool - Relaxing and Beautiful. Beach- Looks Great, but coming from Aus we'r used to sand, not squishy, slimey ocean floor.Imperial Club- Drinks and Canape's. Good.Friday.Imperial Club Brkfst.- All fine. Basic .Waves Rstrnt- Friday Brunch ,Service Good &amp; Pleasant, Seafood Yuk... All was good.Infinity Pool- Full of Loud Europeans( don't take offence it's only a majority, we even have some ourselves) so we used the Westin GREAT.Imperial Club-Afternoon Tea, fine but basic. Did not use Imprl Clb for Cocktail Nght.Dinner -Westin ,Dined at the Steak House. Fantastic Service, Staff know their Wines and Food. Compliments to the Manager u have knowledgable Staff. My daughters meal came out just alittle later and not just our Waitress but also the Manager full of apoliges.Imperial Club Brkfst- Very Good Food today. Yet I couldn't help myself &amp; turn around and give a guy an EVIL look while he's talking on his mobile. Businss at the Brkfst tble is not what I want to HEAR. Others wern't impressed .Chk Out- Collection of luggage was prompt. Bill &amp; Service was SPOT ON...I would like to Thankyou All, as we don't get away as a Family often.Plus I snuck away for a Detox Treatment and Wash &amp; Blowdry. Perfect.	
Jul 7 2009 	Beautiful Resort - Gorgeous Beach 	I stayed at the Le Meridien Mina Seyahi Beach Resort in April 2007 for a business trip to Dubai and I absolutely loved this resort. This property is located on a beautiful stretch of Dubai's Jumeirah Beach with very calm bath-warm sea water. I had a Deluxe Sea View room at a rate of $481 per night, which was a large room with a gorgeous view from the balcony.In addition to the private beach, the resort features a beautiful infinity pool that looks out into the sea and the man-made Palm Jumeirah islands, and also includes a swim-up bar. It feels very refreshing compared to the warm sea water and there are plenty of lounge chairs to relax in. The resort is beautifully landscaped and the beach is very well-maintained (groomed regularly). There is also a very popular indoor and outdoor nightclub (Barasti Bar) that draws people from all over Dubai. It does get pretty loud on the weekends (Friday &amp; Saturday) and it stays that way until past 3:00am (still noticeable from the upper floors).As a result of the popular Barasti Bar, the beautiful beach and the nice restaurants, the lobby is very busy at all hours of the day and night. I often had to wait quite a while to speak with the front desk or the Concierge and eventually gave up on several different occasions. I would suggest more staff in the lobby area during the busy hours.There are several good restaurants on the property (some excellent pizza downstairs), and great room service as well. The breakfast buffet was delicious - you can choose between &quot;continental&quot; (breads, cereal, etc.) or &quot;american style&quot; (hot food, meats, etc.). Food and drinks are very expensive but that's Dubai, so forget about how much you are paying for everything and just enjoy it! P.S. I am very impressed that the General Manager takes the time to read and respond to every Trip Advisor review (it is quite rare to see any responses from management, particularly to the postitive reviews). I think this really shows the pride that management has in this property and constantly striving to improve the guest relations.	
Jul 7 2009 	Excellent hotel fab time had by all	I travelled with family &amp; friends.Get the regular taxi to &amp; from the aiport to the hotel about 60AED each way and while you are in Dubai, as the hotel Cars charge so much more although they are very luxuious, not worth the difference.Also take advantage of the free shuttle bus to the Malls and taxi back, good timings but wish they came back later 6.15pm last bus to early.Do take a credit card for the deposit at the hotel, or you will have to leave cash with them.Buy your duty free booze and ciggies @ Dubai Airport after collecting your luggage this will save you so much money in the long run, then pop along to Spinney's at the Marina across the road for the coke, lemonade etc 6AED for 6 cans about £1 or you will be 6AED for 1 can at the hotel.On arrival at the hotel we were given cold towels and a drink very much needed and a nice touch.Rooms were ready and luggage taken up, we had 2 Land View and 1 Sea View, our room Land View 707 smelt more like a men's toilet, they did move us the next day to 509 much cleaner thank god, I felt we had good sized rooms and loved the Land View for the skyview at night no noise from traffic or building work, my friend stopped in the Sea View 412 very nice and good sized balcony, just one thing when the door was open the humidity came in and soaked the walls and bed linen became damp (shame).We went for dinner at the Waves Restaurant as we were Half Board, food was fantastic and plentiful and all different countries on different nights never got bored. We did find paying £45 for a bottle of wine a little to much so we stuck to large bottles of water at £3 and much healthier (seeing as we had got our stock in our room). The only comment I would make is we did not find the staff very attentive, very little on conversation from them just took the plates and walked away.Queenie the hotel restaurant reservations lady was a real sweetheat and they should take a leaf out of her book WELL DONE QUEENIE.Pool &amp; Beach, lovely clean and well set out, location great and plenty of beds waiting to be layed on. Staff coming round with cold towels and iced tea was a very nice touch. Pool bar very over priced burger around £16 or AED96 chips tho £4 or AED22 bid enough to share so didn't mind paying that a couple of times. TAKE your drinks down to the pool and ask for a bucket of ice it will save you loads of money, I took a couple of cool bags with me (very handy).Took the buggie to the Westin for a look around lovely hotel but to big for me and the pool to cold (haha) but again nice gardens and location.Do use the sporting facilities on offer we hired the spead boat 700AED well worth the money saw so much, also used the Kayaks great fun and free.Concierge could do with improvement not always having a happy smiling faces. I asked if they had any info on Abu Dhabi as we were going there for the day, they were unable to help or point us in the direction of anyone who could (last day we found the information office bit late then GRRRR)Doorman cannot fault friendly and attentive knew exactly what our requirements were, got a 6 seater as soon as possible if not quickly then we waited in the foyer to keep cool and the would come and get us as soon as one arrived. We were not really made aware of the Entertainment laid on by the hotel, we feel this would have been good, as the evening could be very lacking in atmosphere, a little music etc would have been nice.The Hotel maybe a little dated but feel as a whole the location outweighs this, but please please improve your customer service you're letting yourselves down!!!We had a fantastic time at the Le Meridien Mina Seyahi, would and have recommended to others.	
Jul 6 2009 	Very nice very comfortable	Very nice view from our balcony over the sea, food very nice and lots of choice, pool area very nice, rooms - very large bed! very spacious very clean.Wild wadi water park very good, Gold shopping even better, ski dome quite an experience, arriving in baking hot weather in shorts and t shirts then skiing!!Very relaxing	
Jul 2 2009 	Good beach hotel	I travelled with my 2 daughters aged 21 and 23 and my friend and her daughter. I had booked a shuttle via email with the hotel, and went to the hotel desk at the airport and straight away our shuttle bus was there with pleasant driver and cold towels and water.Our check in experience was good and our friends who had arrived 2 hours earlier had already got their room even though they arrived around 7am. Our room was also ready although for some reason it took half an hour for our suitcases to arrive - their excuse was they had got lost !!My daughters and I shared a room and we had one king size bed and a small double bed and for some reason they had also put a cot in the room. The room was nothing special but it was fine for the price. We had a Landview room which gave us no trouble with building noise or traffic noise. The most noisy thing was the air con which I think was faulty anyway. The bathroom door handle fell apart but was quickly repaired..We decided to have breakfast which was in Waves restaurant. I must admit it was not what I have been used to in a 5 star hotel in Dubai before, decor wise, but the breakfast selection was excellent and tasted very good. The waiters were OK but not really attentive.We then went and sat on the beach for a while. The beach attendants are very good and helpful. The sea was so warm and the view looking behind the hotel was amazing, and you can see the Burj and Atlantis quite clearly from the beach.We then went to the pool and easily found 5 sunbeds. The pool was just the right temperature and well maintained. We had drinks at the swim up bar, but the first lot had to go back as they were not correctly made (daiquiris).We had lunch as part of our half board that day, and again the selection was fantastic especially the desserts. People must have thought us such pigs but we had to try nearly all of them. Big bottles of water were 16 dirham.That evening we decided to eat at the hotel again and did the all inclusive buffet and drinks. Trying to find out what drinks were included was very hard and I had to ask 3 times until someone bought us a leaflet. For 180 dirhams you get the buffet and then as much wine or beer as you want - strangely soft drinks and water are not included!!For the rest of our stay we ate breakfast and either lunch or dinner at the hotel ( we were on complimentary half board) and relaxed by the pool if we were not out of the hotel.On each visit out of the hotel we used a hotel taxi between 5 of us. The concierge was extremely efficient in arranging this and the costs were not too bad ie 80 dirhams to the Burj, 40 dirhams from there to Dubai Mall, and 80 dirhams back from there to the hotel.I kept an eye on my bill using a facility on the TV in our room and it looked completely wrong at one time so I went and queried it with reception and it was corrected straight away.We went to the Barasti bar on a couple of occasions which is very lively. There is a happy hour from 5 to 7pm but it doesnt say what drinks are included in that so we ended up paying full price.We did not have the chance to vist the Westin and see what it had to offer unfortunately.We then moved on to Le Meridien by the airport (see that review)As a conclusion I dont think it quite meets 5 star on accommodation, although the grounds are lovely, but the service most of the time was good, and for the price we paid I am quite happy, and we will probably stay there again next time if we want a beach hotel.	
Jun 22 2009 	Wonderful crazy Dubai!!	Another Fab visit to Dubai, this hotel was amazing, I was unfortunately on crutches for my stay as I had dislocated my knee cap 2 weeks prior to this. We could not have been looked after better, they accommodated me with a walk in shower and if our table was any closer to the buffet every day we would have been in it!! We were half board (good option as is expensive to eat) the food was always wonderful with plenty of choice.ALL the staff are lovely and very friendly with no request too much trouble. The staff in the reception area were always helpful as were the staff in the restaurant, the towel men, the life guards and the very useful club car drivers who are very willing to run you around the extensive grounds. The Westin is also a beautiful hotel, very new and big! There are more pools to use and the staff are just as friendly and attentive. The ice cold towels which were handed out a couple of times a day were ALWAYS met with great appreciation from the sizzling midday heat, great touch. The grounds to the hotels are absolutely beautiful and very well maintained; the sun beds were very comfortable and plentiful. The room was kept spotless and the complimentary water is very much needed. My only comment is that it seems such a shame that drinks are so expensive...£6+ for a pint of beer and £7+ for a vodka and coke, this is after all a duty free country therefore the mark-up is huge, this does seem to be the same every where so Top Tip- go over the road to the Harbour hotel on the 52nd floor, there is a bar called the Observatory, it has a happy hour between 5-7 and has half price drinks, the motitos and cosmopolitan are to die for! Be warned there is a dress code, no shorts and closed shoes for men. The view is well worth it as you can see over the harbour and out to the palm if it is a clear evening as sometimes the sand can cause a bit of a haze. (I think they did do happy hour in one of the bars here but never got that far so can't comment!)The new Dubai Mall is worth a look, it’s even bigger than the Mall of Emirates. It has a big ice rink and an amazing aquarium, as well as fountains outside that were designed by the guy who did the bellagio in Vegas, it’s also at the base of the Dubai tower which will give you a neck ache just looking! Use the courtesy bus and on your return it stops at the Atlantis first so you can get a quick glimpse if interested. We were going to go to the water park here but with damaged ligaments were off limits this time! We spoke to people who had been and all said it was brilliant. Taxis are also cheap to use if the courtesy buses do not fit in with your time slots, the road system is much improved from a couple of years ago. The monorail that will run all the way from the airport is due to be completed by 09.09.2009 so watch this space as should make another improvement to getting around.Love love love Dubai!!! And the le Meridian Mina Seyahi will defiantly be on our list for a return visit. Thank you for looking after us so well.	
Jun 21 2009 	Fabulous holiday yet again!	Our third time at this hotel and yet again we have been spoilt rotten. Upgraded to a club room on arrival with views over the harbour and sea, rooms are massive with a lounge area to relax in on an evening. Service is second to none, our 3 month old baby enjoyed the heated baby pool which is huge! We will be back next year without fail! Well done	
Jun 18 2009 	Not a five star hotel	This hotel could benefit from a refurbishment. The rooms are comfortable but the shower in my room did not work and it took 2 complaints before it was resolved. Compared to other 5 star hotels in the area it does look jaded. We found the service in the lobby bar to be slow, both in the afternoon and evening. We ate in Waves restaurant which offered a good variety both at breakfast and at dinner. The staff here were very friendly however service was slow in the morning with regards to tea and coffee.	
Jun 16 2009 	Another Fab Sat at this Lovely Hotel!!!	Just returned from our 2nd stay at Mina Seyahi, and would definately stay again, the staff are so very friendly, the facilities between the two hotels are amazing, the pools were so nice, breakfast and lunch in waves had so much choice, you need to diet before you go!!However we dined out in the evenings to experience all Dubai has to offer, but had a fab meal in Hunters in the Westin, our son lives out in Dubai and said this was the best steak he has had in Dubai! Would certainly recommend this hotel to couples or families alike, its so centrally located to everywhere, looking forward already to next year!!	
Jun 13 2009 	Great Hotel with excellent facilities	Spent 11 days at Le Meridian Mina Seyahi and can thoroughly recommend it. Rooms spacious with double and large single bed in each and outdoor facilities are excellent. Of particular note is the fact that you can use the facilities at the next door (more expensive) hotel - the Westin. This means you have access to an amazing pool and extensive gardens. For us a big plus was that the Westin keep an area for adults only so you can sunbathe and swim in peace. Half board is a must as Dubai is very expensive to eat because of the strength of the pound against the dollar (their currency being pinned to the US dollar). Also worth knowing is that all major hotels, including this, have a 'happy hour' which is well worth going to as it brings drinks down to expensive UK levels (rather than the usual £10 per glass of wine). Le Meridian has Bar Barista which is a great place to spend the happy hour before dinner.The hotel restaurant food is okay. The breakfast is very good. The best asset of this hotel is its staff - they were excellent with nothing being too much trouble. The staff around the massive grounds and pool areas of this and the Westin were also excellent. Would recommend this hotel without reservation, and Dubai too if you like a beach holiday in a smart hotel.	
Jun 13 2009 	Good Relaxing Stay in Dubai	Stayed at Le Meridien Mina Seyahi Beach Resort and Marina in March 09 and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. We were able to see the sights of Dubai and relax as well. Compared to all the new sky scraping hotels popping up in Dubai - the Le Meridian comes across as less grand but that is not the case at all. The room we had was a good size, bathroom (with robe and slippers) was good, mini bar and safe in room, and all areas of the hotel were clean and practically sparkling. Not a lot to complain about. It had everything we needed.We would recommend this hotel, we would probably stay again if we were to go back to Dubai. Some nice touches:-Private airport-hotel transfer (came as part of our holiday - booked with Travel Counsellors)-For turn down service - they would leave a chocolate on your pillow along with the next days weather forecast - very handy for planning activities. -Complimentary Water in room.Restaurants &amp; Food:-Breakfast was included in our stay and it was good - tasty with lots of choice.Didn't eat at any other restaurants in the hotel so cannot comment. Beach / Outside-Great private beach and pools with swim up bar. Also, nice gardens to lounge in too-A few bits of wood and other things would wash up on the beach in the morning, but this would be cleared up as if it had never been there.-Water activities also good - wide range and fun. -Towels brought to you and you could also order food and drink - so if you didn't want to leave your sun lounger, you didn't have to.-On a clear day you could see Atlantis at the end of the Palm, and also a view of the Burj Al Arab.Recommend / Tips:-Arabian Adventues Sun Downer tour of the desert - booked through hotel - very helpful and lots of choice for other tours.-Visit the malls - Emirates Mall and Dubai Mall (Free Shuttle buses available to take you there) -Ski Dubai - Surreal experience - Ski-ing in the desert! Never ski-ed before and it was so much fun. -Visit Burj Al- Arab-Try and use actual taxi's rather than the private ones that hotels might use, as their prices are normally higher.-Westin Dubai - sister property located next door to hotel. Buggy Service between the two. We didn't find out till too late that you can use facilities in the sister hotel - so make sure you find out what you can use and make use of it - more restaurants and pools.Gripes:-Our only gripe would be that our room was not ready when we first arrived, and after an overnight flight and just wanting to lie down. The hotel were very helpful in offering us the use of the sport facilities to change and freshen up but the last thing we wanted to do was rummage through our suitcase of things in the middle of the lobby. We were told we could lie on the beach and they would call us when out room was ready. -Round the clock building works near hotel. Not overly loud, but enough to notice the clinking of metal and tools even at night. If you are a light sleeper this may bother you.	
Jun 12 2009 	Great to crash and read a book	We have just returned from a long weekend at the Le Meridien Mina Seyahi and had a really relaxing time. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the food was excellent. The gardens were very attractive and there were so many beds to choose from, plenty to go around. We were originally in a land facing room but upgraded to the Royal Club, a very nice treat. We sat and watched the sun go down from our balcony every night. Yes, a shame about the building going on at the front (at least 12 skycrapers) but we couldn't hear anything from inside, and even on the beach it didn't spoil our relaxation. The pool was fantastic, so lovely and cool all day, so very refreshing going in from the heat of 42/3 degrees!! I would recommend the hotel, and would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 11 2009 	Excellent	Completed stay 02/06/2009-08/06/2009Half board land view room.Made clear at check in that half board could be used only in Waves restuarant , half board included breakfast (which could also be taken in room at an additional cost of 22 dhsper person) lunch or dinner.Buffett with different theme each day.We thought food was excellent also the service provided all staff.Breakfast was a grand affair with soooooooooooooo much choice.Also advised we could use other restuarants within Mina and westin but would be billed for them (not included on the half board package),but we could utilise all facilities between mina and westin.This was explained very clearly.Our room was large including double and king beds together with glass table two chairs and couch very clean and comfortable.From window could view construction work going on at hotels but this had no impact what so ever on our stay.(infact my 12yr old son was fascinated,having been to Dubai several times before it's an ever changing sky line)We never heard any noise when we where in the room at all.Loved the spacious feel this resort give us even at full capacity, very relaxed feel (not intimidating) dining was casual/smart .But what stood out for me was the EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE this was provided from all staff who are well groomed and easy to identify all having name badges.Staff are a credit to the company.we were after rest/ relaxtion after touring other countries and this was final leg of our trip.We enjoy Dubai and this hotel came up trumps, it exceeded our expections in many ways.Hoping to return August this year as we enjoyed our stay sooooooooooooooooo much.Also noted previous post re taxi's, on our return home we were offered normal taxi or the hotel cab.More than happy really enjoyable stay.	
Jun 10 2009 	Great Hotel - Shame about the Building Works	I was last in Dubai during 2006 and I had hopes some of the building works might have reached compeletion - but no. We had a basic double room at the front of the Hotel and the building works opposite were going 24 hours per day. We eventually upgraded to sea view room which was much quieter.The Hotel itstelf is very nice and the staff were extremely efficient and friendly. The food was on average good. We spent one evening on the Dhow restaurant moored by the Marina but were dissappointed even though my wife had a very good lobster.We also found wine and beer to be very expensive. Food was good price.My real issue is there is no atmosphere. whist the weather was very hot you could have been in most other hot beach side destinations. The staff in the Hotel were mostly indian/asian and the piped music was Madonna or similar western sounds. We were looking to have more of a middle eastern experience and just was not there.The only time you can feel part of an arab culture is if you venture into the City Centre or the plush central business Hotels.Overall though i had a great time with my wife but would not go back. The Caribbean still has the locals atmosphere and indigenous culture for me.	
Jun 7 2009 	A Great Experience!	We went for my boyfriend's 40th Birthday &amp; upgraded beforehand to a Deluxe Sea View room &amp; half board basis, both of which were smart moves!I e-mailed the hotel a couple of days beforehand to ask if our room could be available upon arrival given that we'd had an overnight flight &amp; to our delight, it was ready &amp; waiting for us.We went with Virgin Holidays who provided private cars for transfers to/from our hotel/airport, which we thought was a really nice touch &amp; definitely better than being dropped off hotel by hotel from a coach!The Westin Dubai Hotel next door - the sister hotel whose facilities we were able to use- was beautiful &amp; practically brand new &amp; we did visit a few times during our stay but to be honest, we were more than happy with our own little hotel, Le Meridien Mina Seyahi. Loation was fabulous - in the up &amp; coming newer district of Dubai - next door to the marina &amp; right on a lovely sandy stretch of Jumeraih Beach, with bath-warm sea water. Weather was hot - we were just about going into Dubai's summer season - &amp; although there was loads of building work taking place 24/7 around us, we hardly noticed unless we really paid attention!Buy your alcohol &amp; the airport's Duty Free as soon as you come through Customs as alcohol in hotels/bars is expensive &amp; you can't buy in supermarkets like you can in the UK. The hotel gave us a 20% discount card to use on food &amp; drink at the hotel (including The Westin), which we weren't too proud to use as it saved us approx £5 per round of drinks (&amp; most nights we only had 1 beer &amp; 1 glass of wine at dinner!)By reading Trip Advisor reviews before we came away, we were aware of the annoyance of other travellers around unexpected charges being applied if we dined for any meal at The Westin next door, but we were still confused by the system as were some staff &amp; even reception when we pointed this out on departure day. Details need to be absolutely crystal clear on what is included &amp; what is chargeable if patrons dine next door. Other than that, we had a really lovely time at this hotel &amp; in Dubai &amp; will definitely return to both.	
Jun 1 2009 	The worst hotel in Dubai - avoid and do not stay.	We recently travelled from Saudi for a hen weekend at this hotel. The check-in was slow, the staff unfriendly, the rooms tatty and in need of decoration. Door keys very rarely worked, safes were broken. The sea is dirty and not inviting. The security in the hotel is poor as its so easy to get room keys - there are no checks on guests names. breakfast disappointing. In land view rooms you can hear the road.On my last day there was no water for a shower and when it did start it was thick black gunk, then to top it off when i came to check out the system was down.A very expensive bad mistake. There are plenty of much nicer and cheaper hotels in Dubai.	
May 31 2009 	Lovely hotel - travel agent review	Nice hotel as you would expect for a Le Meridien!Nice beach, nice pools, nice kids club, free for over 3's but around £5 an hr for under 3's very good staff though, and a little playground int he shade as well.Lovely Pools, a good infinity pool with a swim up bar, and little kids pool in the shade, and plently of lush greenery to pop your sun lounger on!My 18 month old feel sick the first night (not caused by our hol!) and they quickly dispatched a dr, who gave her a prescription and someone got us this in the middle of the night without charging the earth (I think it was around £30)and he also called back and checked on her a day later. Wonderful staff!Another little drama! make sure you are not placed above the nightclub (ciro's) very noisy (not the best ad for a travel agent with a sick 18month old!) after 2nights we were moved (the hotel was very busy, altho they complimented with a free meal, nicer room and free transfers) all round a lovely hotel. So really good staff, can't fault them!Free shuttle to Mall of the Emirates, a must even just for the cool air conditioning and the hyper market to pick up bits and pieces.Food was lovely, wonderful buffet breakfast, good half board choices.All in all we had a lovely holiday with family considering the drama's!Would definately go back.	
May 18 2009 	Great Holiday only one thing	Just returned from staying five nights here and it was lovely only one thing bothered us and that was having read previous reviews on trip advisor and responses from the management we were under the impression that we could also use the restaurant at the sister hotel next door we booked breakfast but were also given a complimentary dinner pass when I enquired about having breakfast at Westin reception staff said this was not allowed we asked twice (different staff ) just to be sure found this a little disappointing, but overall had a great stay here staff were extremely helpful and pleasantRico was exceptionally courteous and friendly thanks for a lovely time including the blip	
May 18 2009 	Fab holiday!	I went to Dubai last year with my partner for 2 weeks. We chose this hotel as it looked in a good location with beautiful surroundings plus we wanted to stay on Jumeriah beach.We booked through Virgin holidays and would book with them again, the flight was great too even though we were on the night flight. We arrived at about 7am their time and had a driver pick us up and take us to the hotel which was a nice touch and he updated us places to go and was giving us an insight into Dubai construction.On arriving at the hotel at about 8ish we were told our room wasn't ready, I normally wouldn't grumble but I'd been up for 24 hours at this point and was very sleepy and in the end we didn't get into our room until 11.30am. I feel they should've known we were coming in on an earlier flight and accommodated us.We were half board at the hotel but only ate in the hotel on two occassions, instead opting to eat out which we like to do all the time on holidays. We never ate breakfast either as we both work hard and never have lay ins therefore we often got up too late for breakfast :o). However we would chose to eat by the pool for lunch, their pizza's are lovely. The hotel itself is lovely, it is a bit strange looking and a bit dated from the outside compared to the others near by but overall it's lovely and worth the money. As you are probably aware Jumeriah beach is the most sort after location in Dubai and it's lovely to have your own private beach and this hotel is also next to the marina.The rooms were nice and the bed was massive, most comfortable 2 weeks ever. We didn't have a sea view room as when booking they didn't have any left which was a shame. Even though we didn't have the best view...over looking the front of the hotel with construction it was still an amazing site and who spends alot of time in their room anyway.The Beach was gorgeous and the water was warm and safe, I didn't see any jelly fish even though a few people spotted them but they are harmless, you may see a few flying fish also. The beach over looks the new Atlantis resort which is amazing.The Westin which has been built next to the Mina is gorgeous and shares the same facilities which you can use, it was still being built when we were there but I would prob chose to stay there the next time.In Dubai all bars and restaurants are within hotels, and this hotel has the Barasti bar within it's complex which is one of the most hot spots in Dubai and locals and holidays makers go here, it's a lovely bar with a relaxed yet upbeat atomosphere and we often went for a drink here, the food is also pleasent. Locals fav destination! Brilliant holiday spot and busy any night of the week.I would reccomend buying alcohol at the airport if you like a drink before you go out then this is the best option. You can't buy it from supermarkets, only in bars and hotels.You have to get a friday brunch in somewhere - all you can eat and drink! the brunch at Al Qasr is fantastic and the 360 Club at Jumeriah beach hotel, fantastic views of the burj, get there at sunset mid week!The Dessert Safari is a must! you leave dubai around 3pm for the dessert, go dune bashing, meal under the stars, smoke shisha, belly dancing, ride a camel etc. The Madinat Souk is great - great shops, lots of bars, restaurants. If I remember right there is a place called Meat &amp; Co which do amazing steaks. This place is like a 4 min taxi ride away. The Chi @ the lodge - good nightclub with several rooms, and a nice outdoor dance floor/bars.You must go to the Emerites Mall, amazing!!! Once again only a 5 or so min taxi ride away. There is a really nice Chinese restaurant in there which is very nice and cheap. There is a restaurant which over looks the Ski dome in the mall called Apres! This is the biggest Ski slope in the world.We went to Wild Wadi water park, what a fun day out. It wasn't to expensive and it was a good laugh.Abra ride on the creek - old traditional boat, get off at the other side and go to the gold souk.10. Bastakiya - for a bit of culture! old traditional buildings of dubai full of cafe, shops, art galleries and just next to the abra station. Karama market is also good for fakes, best fakes ever. You do pay a bit more than normal for them, I like my designer stuff and know what is a good copy or not and these were, I bought a few things. Only thing is it's a bit dodgy and I would say be prepered, it looks like a shanty town and they often drag you off to other locations, such as a flat to show you more designer goods. I know alot of people who have been here and had no problems, I just feel annoyed when they do hassle you as I would've brought more had they left me alone.There were hardly any kids at the hotel and the ones there were well behaved, there's nothign worse than screaming kids when you haven't got any yourselves. The staff were pleasent also.I loved Dubai and would definately go back in a few years as I would like to see it when the building work is completed.Another thing is my boyfriend was in his element as there were alot of footballers out there such as David Seamen etc and even Teddy Sheringham was staying at our hotel aswell as David Tennant (Dr Who). It's a brilliant and trendy destination.I hope this review helps :o) and you will love the place and want to go back.x	
May 12 2009 	Over rated - but better now its under the new management	having stayed previously, we were pleasantly surprised to find new, more professional management in place. would prefer the Westin next door next time - much classier. Mina Seyahi is like an overgrown beach club, but perfect beach location!	
May 12 2009 	Sheer Luxury	Just spent a few days at Le Meridien for my 40th Birthday. This place is fantastic. Rooms were well equipped. Staff were extremely accomodating, especially the concierge. All spoke very clear english and understood our requests. Check in and out was very efficient. The place has six swimming pools (inc Westin), so never too crowded. They also have one of the longest streches of private beach, so finding a remote spot with lots of deck chairs was easy. The business centre is well equipped with fast internet. The variety of food at breakfast was overwhelming. The restaurants have a strict dress code, so go equipped. Room Service / Drinks in the bar were a little pricey but I guess that's expected in five star luxury. Would definitely visit again.	
May 8 2009 	Superb Hotel (Costly resort)	Stayed for five nights for my wife's 50th birthday and believe me this is a top class hotel. We arrived early in the morning knowing the room wouldn't be ready. As we booked in at reception we were given cold hand towels which i thought was a nice touch.They took my mobile number and whilst we went for a sleep on the sun loungers after an overnight flight they rang to say our room was ready. As we were on a half board deal which i would strongly reccomend they gave us breakfast on the morning we arrived.The room which had a sea view was excellent although i would advise you to stay away from the mini-bar as the prices are crazy. I was told before i went how good the buffet was but it was better than any other i have ever experienced. The selection and quality of the food was superb coupled with top class service which we experienced every where in the hotel.We went to the sun loungers most days and the staff there couldn't have done enough insisting on sorting out towels, umberellas etc and collecting the towels when we were finished.Another plus for this hotel was that there was no construction noise at all which I don't think could be said of many hotels in Dubai. The free bus to the Mall Of Emirates was handy as it meant you could buy cheap mixers for the duty free we bought on the way out, cans of coke for 20p compared with £3 in the mini bar.One small thing to remember is that you are given a voucher when you arrive which gives you 20% discount on food and drinks bought on the complex. They will not apply it when you settle your bill for items charged to the room you have to show it each time you make a purchase. We did query it when we were leaving but they blamed the Waves restaurant and said they couldn't sort it at reception (computer says no), surprising for a five star hotel.This didn't spoil a fantastic holiday and I would go back again.	
May 4 2009	wonderful hotel	I cannot give enough praise when we stayed at the hotel. I had e-mailed the hotel prior to our stay to inform them of our flight arriving so early in the morning. When we did arrive, Jason at reception informed us that he had recieved my e-mail and that our room was ready. The location was great, the service first class, and a lovely location. Reading other comments I do appreciate that it would be difficult taking younger children, due to food and eating times, but as our daughter is 10 she thoroughly enjoyed herself. I would have liked a sea-view room but as we were only there for a couple of nights that aspect was not of importance. I would certainly stay there again. My disadvantage of Dubai - not of the hotel - is how expensive it is. Fabulous hotel!!!	
May 1 2009 	what a place!!	booked through virgin holidays arrived at 8am got breakfast room not quite ready but would phone us when ready (on mobile) did so after 1 hr which i thought was ok room superb room 722 sea view all tolieties included. beach towels provided and put on sunbed for you if you would like, weather fanatastic 37 c did bus hopper tour around atlantis hotel worth the money only down side to hotel price of everything was so expensive £7 for 2 cans of cole and £5 pint of beer we found supermarket on marina and got pot of salad at lunchtime which was lovely glad i've been but won't return to dubai due to price of things there	
Apr 30 2009 	Lovely setting fantastic facilites for a relaxing break	Our family (2 adults and 2 children ages 4 and 1) stayed for two nights for a relaxing break in March 09. Was a beautiful setting with fantastic views from balcony in room - we were upgraded from a land view to sea view room which we were really impressed with. We booked our room through BA online as a stopover and got a really good deal (we flew Emirates who were fantastic). The facilities were very child friendly, however a warning for anyone with young kids, foodwise the hotel was disappointing. The restaurants and snack bars are all very expensive and you cannot just get a basic sandwich anywhere, it is all meals, and there is no small supermarket nearby to get snacks. Also the restaurants do not open for dinner until 7pm which is a bit late for young kids to eat, so resorted to room service the first night. On the second day we went to the Mall of the Emirates and had lunch and dinner there at the foodcourt. Overall though we would thoroughly recommend hotel and would return!	
Apr 28 2009 	I would stay at the Westin next time!	My husband and I chose the Le Meridien Mina Seyahi thinking that we would be staying at a luxury hotel in Dubai (this was our honeymoon and we wanted to stay at only the finest places). We were grossly disappointed when we arrived and already had trouble at check-in (originally requested a high floor and was placed on the FIRST floor). This was fixed but it took some time and we were a bit surprised by this. Once we checked into our rooms, we were even more surprised to see that the room was quite dated. It had a very older model TV (which honestly we didn't care about b/c we were planning on watching it much; it was just an odd thing to see in a luxury hotel in Dubai), 2 double beds (not queen beds as we were told - they don't actually have these in the hotel) and the room reeked of cigarettes even though we had requested a non-smoking room/floor. Overall, this was not a great first impression. While our stay (only 3 days) was relatively quiet, nothing was outstanding about this hotel, as has not been the case with other Le Meridien hotels that I've stayed at. The staff was rather unhelpful and unknowledgeable about the surrounding area (we asked to get into a nearby bar and was given a perplexed look as though she didn't know where we were talking about and we were talking about the Burj Al Arab hotel - only the most outstanding structure in all of Dubai - hard to miss). While we were willing to accept this, too late to change anything now that most of the trip had been completed in Dubai, on the last night, we arrived back to our hotel after heading to some clubs/bars in the area. We arrived back rather late - about 2:30am or 3am - and asked the security people blocking the door to the outside terrace if Barasti Bar was open (this is the hot beach bar located at this hotel). The male security guard informed us it was closed and to try the bar downstairs - helpful but not overly friendly by any means. The female guard said nothing. After we checked out the bar downstairs and saw how disappointing that was, we decided that we would just go sit outside since it was a great night. Should not be a problem considering we were guests of the hotel. When we went back upstairs to go outside to the terrace again, it was only the female guard. She was incredibly rude. We told her we just wanted to sit outside and she practically blocked us. Then when we told her we were staying at the hotel, she laughed in our faces and stated: &quot;YOU are staying at the hotel?' As though we were trash from the street that just wandered in. She was the most incredibly inappropriate staff person that I have EVER come across. I went to the night manager to speak to him about her, and his response was: &quot;She's crazy, there is nothing I can do.&quot; I was completely flabbergasted! This is not the proper service of a hotel like the Le Meridien. Not only will we NEVER stay at this particular hotel again, I'm questioning staying at any of their other branches as well. We did go to the Westin then for drinks, and the service there was just so much better! I would stay there before ever setting foot into Le Meridien Mina Seyahi again!	
Apr 28 2009 	Great place to relax and great service.	Well I arrived on a friday and stay until tomorrow but I thought I would get this review online before my internet cuts out in the room. There are many more plusses than negatives at this hotel. lets get the bad stuff out of the way; 1st. one problem I had was that my room key kept resetting or something but either way it would not work after a spell, I think it may have been something else I had in my pocket but i am not sure, either way it is not a big problem and the staff was always there to help out. 2nd negative (for some people) The prices for the food may put off some people, I ate at the &quot;boat restaurant&quot;, the pool bar, Hunters at the sister hotel, the Burg al Arab (top floor restaurant), An Indian restaurant in town at the Dubai mall (rib place, 100 bucks to eat in a place which is set up like a mall fast food place......but it was good...) and a few other places and if the prices do not matter too much (keep in mind all places are more than you would expect in the US or Europe) Try the restaurants at the hotel, I thought they had some of the best food, even better then the Burg (you pay for the experience and the silver silverware), Hunters was a great place to have some dinner outside. 3rd A very small complaint was that I would reserve cars from the hotel and about 4 out of the 6 times it was not the car I originally reserved, but the entire fleet was nice, so as I said, a small complaint, but just some advice to confirm the type of car if you get one. The Mercedes car is very nice as are the Land Rovers. Now the good things, 1st and foremost the best part of this place was the staff, the reception, the conciers (sp?), the restaurant staff, the drink staff and everyone else I ran across were some of the most genuinely friendly staff I have ever encountered. They did whatever to help me on my trip here, reserved meals, arranged rides, and everything else in between. 2nd The rooms are very comfy and I was just as happy sitting on the deck or on the beach. 3rd There is a large disparity between guests, I am a mid 20's male traveling for business and there are families here, business men and woman, kids, teens, older and they were all very nice and seemed happy to enjoy the weather and sun. 4th once again, the food was great, some people said that the breakfast was better at the Westin and after eating both I actually like the breakfast here better, there are a few other options at the Westin, but the ambiance here is much more friendly and relaxed. I really suggest the clam chowder, crab cake and short ribs at Hunters, the Scallops at the boat restaurant, the pancakes (more like crepes) for breakfast and if you come soon, try the pear/pineapple mojito..... it was great.... Last thing I wanted to include was a review of the spa at the Westin, since this hotel does not have a full spa you need to go to the Westin which is a 2 min walk or a 30 sec ride on one of the hotel golf carts. The spa was great, I got a heavenly massage and it was very nice, go a little early (like 30-45 mins) there is a paper to fill out but really go early to take advantage of the sauna, steam room and there is a jaccuzi (was not working the day I went, but it was in the ladies locker room) I sat there after having a steam for 20 min watching the NBA playoffs and it was very nice, and the robes were great, I want to get one next time I am here........All in all I loved this little break and will be coming back in a month or so. Thanks to the staff for being so great, especially the reception and conciers. Joel	
Apr 26 2009 	The Wonderful Mina Seyahi	Stayed for 8 nights from 17th April on a delayed 25th Anniversary holiday. Breakfast great, other food outlets very good but did not enjoy the Bussolo, thought it was not good value and food was not great, but a lovely setting. Very busy bar (Barasti - aimed primarily at the 30 somethings). The service can only be described as 'impeccable', you really do not need to move off your sunbed all day long and you will have your towels laid out for you too.. They are not very good at advertising what is going on so perhaps you need to ask, some some special offers in Hello Magazine for the Westin (next door sister hotel) the day before we came home - e.g. 3 free cocktails for ladies on a certain night etc. Accidentally found out that there is an adults only section of the beach/pool - far end of westin - which was really good. Would recommend visiting Madinet Souk, Buddha Bar (restaurant) , Bar 44 (bar at Grovenor house hotel 44th floor), Rooftop Terrace (bar) and also Beach Bar and Grill (restaurant) at the One and Only Royal Mirage. Went to see the sun setting at the Dubai Creek Golf and Yacht Club (get there for 6.00 p.m. and allow an hour to travel there from Jumeirah, apart from Friday which will take about half the time. Front desk very good at booking tables at restaurants (which you need to do really to avoid disappointment).	
Apr 17 2009 	Another superb stay	We have just returned from our 4th stay at the Mina Seyahi with our two girls aged 6 and 20 months. We have had yet another great time and as always were made very welcome. All the staff remembered us from previous years and even the staff at the Horizon Pool bar remembered what drinks we like to order - superb!You can now use the restaurants at both the Meridien and the Westin hotel also in the same grounds, and all the ones we went too were excellent. They cannot do enough to help and the children are especially well looked after. We were at the Mina over Easter and there were several activities for them and the staff worked extremely hard putting together the big Easter party for the children.We had a land view deluxe room, as that way you can get a family of four all in one room. We have had sea view rooms before when we were just a family of three and have stayed twice now in a land view room. We have always had great service for the rooms - milk brought to the room for the baby etc, re-stocking of the free bottled water in the room etc.On one day during our stay, a sandstorm was forecast during the middle of the day and the staff diligently went around warning everyone it was half an hour away, they put down umbrellas and had people on the beach and by the pool to warn people - we thought that was so efficient....as too was the clearing up afterwards, as well as being made to be as safe as possible when they were clearing sand off the marble floors outside etc.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone - the food was superb, great attentive service, a relaxed family feel to the hotel and other guests also very friendly. We shall definitely be back - thank you for another wonderful stay and lots of wonderful treasured moments with our girls.	
Apr 16 2009 	Modern Clean with superb service	I think i have said it all in the title. This hotel was fantastic and the facilities are superb. The complaints about the Barasti bar are unfounded as we had 2 great nights there and although it got busy, it isn't busy compared to the levels of local bars and nightlcubs. The security was superb and if you were a guest you got a seperate seating area. One complaint we had was that as we were leaving at 11pm the hotel had effectively checked you out so you were no longer entitled to privledged seating in the Barast even though you were technically still a resident. We were not allowed a late check out which was a pain. The concierges in the hotel couldn't do enough for you and the staff on reception were very understanding and friendly. The whole hotel was spotless and there seemed to be 2 members of staff for every guest. We really enjoyed out stay here and it was the perfect start to our honeymoon.	
Apr 14 2009 	very Nice Hotel but too many outsiders!	The hotel is very nice. It is on a soft sandy beach, with very calm waters.It has a sister hotel next door(the westin), where you can use its facilities also. The hotel is a perfect beach holiday vocation spot. Within a walking distance is the marina area, where you more food options, as well as a super market. The only problem with this hotel is the BARASTI. It is supposed to be a beach bar, but in reality its a popular night club for ex pats.Hundreds come daily, especially in the weekends. To order a drink or smoke shisha is quit a struggle. You cannot even find any seating in most cases, with hotel guests having no advantage in seating or service.	
Apr 10 2009 	awesome place	This hotel is the best i have ever visited. The staff were very friendly and helpful. the beach and pool facilities were superb clean and there was loads of room. The bar on the beach was very busy but you could not hear the noise from the hotel as stated in a recent review. We went to the Westin and though a lovely hotel it lacked the atmosphere of Le Meridien. I would recommend a sea view room which are very spacious. We had access to the Royal club room which served breakfast, afternoon tea and free alcoholic drinks from 5.30 till 7.30 pm. and this was all worth the extra cost. Should i go back to Dubai which i would love to do there is no question that i would stay at Le Meridien	
Apr 10 2009 	Choose the sister hotel (Westin) next door!	The Mina Seyahi shares its grounds with its sister hotel called the Westin, the Westin is a 5* hotel and leaves the Mina Seyahi looking like a tired 4*. We arrived for a 6 night break landing in Dubai on a Thursday, this is the start of the Dubai weekend and be warned the Mina Seyahi has a large open air night club in the grounds. It is popular with local ex pats and the Mina Seyahi employ extra security to keep the clubbers out of the hotel. My husband was hassled by a drunk who had been thrown out of the night club but was trying to get back in from a unmanned hotel door. Not what we expect whilst sat having drinks in the lobby bar!Our rooms were on the 8th floor (Royal Club Sea View) and the beds shook till 3.30am with the sound of the music from the club below. We asked to move but had to endure another night of noise before rooms were available on the 9th floor at the other end of the hotel. The noise level was much better here so if you are staying at this hotel request a room at the furthest point from the club called Barasti. The club is listed as a beach bar but on a weekend is open till 3.30am and attracts 5000 party goers with whistles! We found out from friends later that is a well known local party spot but not what you need for a relaxing break.The grounds of the hotel are nice with clean pools and a nice stretch of beach. The staff were friendly and helpful in the 2 restaurants we ate in. We booked a half board basis but this is a con and watch when paying your bill. We were told we could eat in the Seyahi or the Westin buffet restaurants so chose the Westin every night as it is a much nicer hotel. At the end of the holiday we were charged for food and drink and told the Westin was not covered, this was eventually corrected but i have read this commment on another review so be warned. The allowance of 150dirham per person to eat in the other hotel restaurants is not enough in our opinion.We would return to Dubai for the weather but not to this hotel. If you are looking for 5* hotels this doesn't come close, there are some amazing hotels in Dubai so pick another one.	
Mar 19 2009 	great resort	just got back from a 7 night stay at the resort. dont usually do hotels, villa with car is more our style ,to get out and about, so i have to say we did wonder what were going to do there for a week. But as it was for my 50th we had gone with the intention of doing nothing.. and thats what we did! The room was ok ,but we did get an upgrade ( for my birthday) so dont know what normal room is like. We did think it was a little dated but very clean and the house keeping staff couldn't have been more attentive. Breakfast was really good going on untill 11. We did get a breakfast in the Westin next door , which was even better, but be careful, the girl in the Westin said you could take breakfast there as the 2 hotels are all part of same chain. When we checked it out in Mina ..as we didn't fancy getting a bigg bill, we were told this was not the case. I did say i didn't want to be charged for the meal we had as we were given wrong information, and she agreed!.As some one else said be careful when asking for a taxi at the front desk, tell them you want a regular taxi not hotel car.They booked a table at Burj Al Arab for us for my birthday night and the lady made sure they knew it was my birthday , saying please treat my clients well, after our meal, i was presented with a gorgous birthday cake! We could have eaten some there or as we did , take it away in a very posh box!The staff at the hotel are realy nice people, the location couldn't bebetter. Because of the exchange rate it is very expensive but i have a feeling thats going to be the same where ever you go at the moment. Would i go back Yes but not just yet and not for a holiday, its better suited as a place to go and recharge the batteries for a few days.	
Mar 15 2009 	Great Hotel perfect Beach Location	Arrived early 6 March (3 day break) requested early check in which was not available as hotel was full, used Gym to freshen up etc excellent facilities, well stocked with towels &amp; toiletries &amp; very clean. Boat show was going on at the marina &amp; we received complimentary tickets to attend, nice touch. Breakfast was fantastic, so much choice &amp; so fresh too. Previously stayed at the One &amp; Only &amp; Hilton but this beats both of them. Ate once at the Waves restaurant (Buffet Night) again choice, value &amp; taste amazing. Rooms very comfortable &amp; clean. Would I stay again, yes.	
Mar 13 2009 	Wonderful stay for some winter sun...	Just returned from a great 6 night break at the Le Meridien Mina Seyahi. From check in until checkout the service was fabulous. Rooms were a great size, breakfast very filling with plenty of variety, all public areas clean and well maintained and all staff very friendly. We were there on a breakfast only deal and with the weak pound this meant eating and drinking was very expensive, but no more here than it would have been anywhere else. We ate at the Hunters Grill one night over in the Westin and the Italian in the basement at Le Meridien twice. The other nights we ate at the Marina and at the shopping centre, both of which had cheaper food, but the disadvantage of no alcohol as it is only served in hotels.We had our 2 year old son with us and all staff went out the way to make a fuss of him. Whenever I came out the hotel with the pushchair someone would run over to carry it down the steps for me towards the pool area. The maids in the room always used to make his bed nicely with his Thomas the tank blanket and arrange his toys nicely too.The pool and beach area was great and this is where the bulk of our holiday was spent. Very comfortable loungers and plenty of umbrellas with waiter service for drinks and snacks. The boxes of beach toys were great for the kids was a lovely idea too.All in all a fantastic holiday and would certainly return in the future.	
Mar 5 2009 	great place to stay	This was our fifth visit in six years and it never disappoints.Upon arrival we were given a friendly welcome,drink &amp; hot towel,but more importantly our room was available within 30 minutes.There is a great choice of resteraunts to eat within and the food is excellent,the only problem at present is the exchange rate but that is not the hotel's fault !!.The rooms are of a comfortable standard with great seaviews and are always spotless.The staff throughout the hotel both inside and on the beach cannot do enough for you and always have a smile &amp; a happy word to say.We woulod recommend this hotel to anybody visiting Dubai.	
Feb 27 2009 	Perfect location very good service rooms just right excellent breakfasts	Stayed here for 3 nights last night with a colleague.Generally the hotel was excellent. The rooms were well cleaned and tidied everyday, check-in was fine with some refreshments and a hot towel as you checked in which was a nice touch. It was a bit too chilly to go in the pool but it looked amazing, as was the beach.There was also a very well-equipped and well-staffed gym.Great service at the bar by the pool and the waiters were very friendly and couldn't do enough for you. Breakfasts fantastic- anything you could want from fresh fruits, fruit soups, muffins and pastries to full cooked breakfasts and omelettes.Only a couple of minor grumbles:Be careful when you are outside reception and ask for a taxi. You need to SPECIFY that you want a regular taxicab, NOT a hotel taxi which is effectively double the price. I left the hotel at 7.15am to go out to the airport for a meeting and made that mistake. Taxicabs to the airport 70-80Dhms, the hotel 'taxi' 120-150Dhms! As a newcomer to Dubai I didn't realise the difference.And the checkout girl on the morning we left was surprisingly unfriendly and grumpy. She also made a point of haranguing one of the room cleaning staff when she called them to say our roomo had been vacated-not very professional.As long as you watch the taxi-con I guarantee you will have a very pleasant stay at Le Meridien Mina Seyahi.	
Feb 26 2009 	fantastic you must go	Hi me and the wife just got back I feel I had to make this my first ever review because before we went I read some bad reviews about this great hotel so to put you right only take in the good ones as they are all true I don't know what the people who write bad ones wanted must have stayed at the burj before. so just go you will not regret it.	
Feb 25 2009 	Excellent... Will return next year	Just returned from this fantastic hotel. I travelled with my husband and two children, we booked a land view and sea view room, both rooms of very high standard.The service from the staff was excellent couldn't help you enough, we took part in all the water sports, food was buffett style but of very high quality.There is a pool at this hotel, which we found cold, so we used the pool at the Westin their sister hotel. There are about two life guards to each pool. The gym was very well equipped, we played tennis.The children, 13 and 10. Loved every bit of this hotel and were never bored.	
Feb 17 2009 	Fantastic resort. Will definitely return!	Now, I never normally bother to write reviews and things like that but I feel compelled to write about our recent trip! We have just returned from a 10 day holiday at the Le Meridien Mina Seyahi Beach Resort and Marina and all I can give is praise. The staff are so helpful and friendly. All of them, from the cleaners and porters to the waiting staff and beach attendents. Nothing is too much trouble. I cannot understand why anyone would slate this hotel! The hotel, for it's cleanliness, staff, food, ambience and setting is most definitely a 5 star. People get greedy when they see Dubai and expect all the hotels to be like the Burj Al Arab!! Compared to most hotels in the UK Le Meridien Mina Seyahi is most definitely a 5 star! The Westin hotel next door is amazing it's true. But by staying at Le Meridien you have access to all the facilities on offer at the Westin - without paying the huge cost of staying there! Therefore, you have access to 8 different pools (2 shallow, shaded pools for kids), loads of restaurants and bars and gift shops. Because Le Meridien guests can use the Westin's facilitlies (and vice versa) the resort feels really spacious and uncrowded. We stayed whilst the hotel was at full capacity and we never struggled to find a sun lounger by any of the pools or at the beach. The grounds, including the private beach are kept equisitely clean at all times and there are loads of life guards around which is reassuring, especially if you have young kids like we do. The staff literally won't let you lift a finger. It's wonderful, you feel so special which is why I definitely would describe the experience as 5 star. The choice of restaurants on offer is great, from fine dining Italian, to Indian, to the steak house, there's somehting for everyone. My only reservation with Dubai as a whole is that things can be very expensive. Due to Dubai being a Muslim country and alcohol being prohibited anywhere apart from hotels and certain bars alcohol is very, very expensive. Expect to pay £25 for a bottle of wine you'd normally find in the supermarket in the UK for £5. All the restaurants at the hotel are slightly on the pricey side, but the food was all wonderful so if you're going to treat yourself go for it! There are plenty of restaurants elsewhere which are much more reasonable if you venture out of the complex. We stayed B&amp;B and the breakfast buffet was fab. I noticed before we went people had commented about construction noise around the location of the hotel. We didn't hear a thing! We upgraded to a sea view room when we got there (tip - much cheaper to do this than opt for sea view at time of booking, obviously you're taking a chance as sea view may not be available when you get there). Definitely worth the upgrade as waking up and standing on the balcony overlooking the Arabian Gulf was lovely. We travelled with our 2 little boys aged 3 and 1 (yep, hard work!!). We chose this hotel spefically as it had been recommended as family friendly and it certainly is. This is still a wonderful place to come as just a couple, but you may want to steer clear of school holidays as the amount of kids there was higher half term week.There is also a little tourist info shop in the hotel lobby that organises excursions. We did the Dubai city half day tour and it was fab. The gold and spice souks are a sight to behold! We would have loved to have doen the dune bashing and camel riding but our kids were too young really. Maybe in a few years time! We also went to the enormous Mall of the Emirates which is retail therapy heaven!If you are thinking of booking this hotel please try not to pay to much attention to the negative comments of others. This is a great, 5 star hotel - without the snobbery as someone else described it! And I'm sure you'll have a great time just like we did. We will definitely go back to Dubai, one the friendliest places we've ever been and one of the nicest hotels we've ever stayed in. Just wish we could go back now!	
Feb 16 2009 	Excellent hotel	An excellent hotel. The staff are very friendly, the food is brilliant and the overall cleanliness of the hotel is excellent.I was concerned after reading on the internet that we would suffer noise from the building work in the area as we had booked a land view room. We were not bothered by noise at any time during our stay even when outside by the pool or in the gardens.The only criticism I have is that we had booked with Virgin and part of our package was that as we had travelled on the overnight flight we were given breakfast on arrival and our room would be available at noon. We were informed by the reception staff on arrival that our room would be ready after breakfast. We kept asking for our room but were given excuses all morning. We eventually got in to our room at 12.45pm and even then the receptionist was not happy and pointed out that we should not have got our room until 3.00pm. Just a blip!I look forward to visiting the hotel again.	
Feb 10 2009 	The friendliest big hotel we've ever stayed at	We've just got back from 5 days and 4 nights in Dubai, staying at this hotel and generally thought it to be excellent. We upgraded to a sea-view room after reading comments on this site, and were glad we did because the view was superb, looking out over the sea to the palm and the Atlantis hotel in the distance. The view in the other direction is of a main road and a few skyscrapers in various states of completion.The amenities include lovely gardens, an excellent gym, many pools and a long beach, all of which are shared with the new Westin hotel next door. We spent most of the days lying by one or other of the heated pools, often completely by ourselves (apart from several vigilent lifeguards - at times there appeared more staff than guests).The breakfast is an excellent buffet with everything you'd expect and more (such as glasses of cold raspberry or mango soup!). We didn't eat in the main restaurant but there is an excellent sushi/seafood restaurant on a dhow moored near the hotel (I think it is part of the hotel), from which we spent a lovely evening watching the sunset.The hotel is about half an hour from the airport and the city centre in normal traffic (make sure you ask when is a good time to go because we made the mistake of going into the centre on a Thursday evening and it took well over an hour). It is only 10-15 minutes from the Burj Al Arab (afternoon tea there is another great, albeit expensive, way to watch the sunset) and the massive Mall of Emirates, which includes the Ski-dome. I think there is an even bigger mall nearer the centre (the Dubai Mall), but the Mall of Emirates was more than enough shops for us! The bars in the gardens and the lobby are excellent but expensive. The weakness of the pound means you need to be prepared for a few jaw-dropping prices. This is not specific to the hotel but a problem for Brits generally when visiting Dubai.On the subject of the bars, one of them is very popular in the evenings, more so with the locals than with guests, and you can hear music well into the night, although we didn't find it obtrusive enough to stop us sleeping.The thing about the hotel that most impressed us was the effeciency and friendliness of the staff. Everyone seemed genuinely happy to help.All in all, an excellent hotel.	
Feb 7 2009 	Briliant	I have just returned from 4 nights at the hotel and we had a brilliant time! We were a group of 3 women celebrating our 50th birthdays and were upgraded to a sea view room which was amazing and I must say I wouldn't like to have been on the other side of the hotel without a balcony although that was what we had booked!  We had half board and the food was fantastic! Although this restricted us to only one of the hotel's restaurants it certainly didn't spoil our dining as there was a different theme each night (Asian, Arabic, Surf and Turf etc). We especially liked the desserts which were were in little pots so you could try everything without appearing greedy! Breakfast too had extensive choice and all the breads and pastries were so fresh. The apparently world renowned Barasti bar was an experience too! It had excellent music and about 1500 people in it but it didn't disturb guests in the hotel. Everywhere was spotlessly clean, the pool and beach were beautiful and the staff throughout the whole complex were extremely helpful and charming. Would definitely go back!	
Feb 5 2009	No No No	I would not recomend this hotel at all! I visited last november and there where screaming kids everywhere. No only that but there was building work all over the place with loud noises everyday! The rooms was basic and not even clean i will not be returning.	
Feb 5 2009 	Good comfortable hotel but lacks the 5 star glamour of newer buildings	We spent 5 nights at the Meridien in a seaview room and were pleased with the overall facilities and service. The building is more dated than some of the other recently built hotels in the area, but it is comfortable, very clean and good value. The gardens are lovely and we particularly enjoyed listening to the bird song as we sunbathed. We had the complimentary half board included, and the Asian buffet on the first night was fantastic. You do need to use either the hotel shuttle bus or a taxi to get to other places. Drinks prices are fairly expensive, but the rate of exchange is the main culprit.	
Feb 4 2009 	Fantastic Hotel Fantastic Service	I arrived at the hotel approximately after 10am in the morning where our luggage was taken by one of the porters and i went to reception to initiate check in. The lady who served me was fantastic and very helpful and informed us that check in was usally at 3pm but because of the special occassion, she would try to get me a room asap. The lobby looked good and immediately at the back you could see views of the marina. Once check in was complete, i asked the lady whether i could have breakfast today (i had 3 days stay scheduled at half board but friday i was going to a brunch so did not want to waste that on a breakfast, lol) and explained to her why, she was more than happy for us to do that.me and my partner made our way to breakfast. It was good range of food, such as cereal, fruit juices, pastries, toast, omolettes, fruit section and sausages. However, it was not as good as the breakfast I had at the Market Cafe in Grand Hyatt.We were given a complimentary upgrade to the Royal Club room which was a fantastic touch and the room was excellent, very spacious and clean. Only downside was that it was not a seaview room. The hotel has 3 pools. We used the infinity pool and it was too small. We preferred the pools over at the westin mina seyahi which were bigger and warmer.Dinner at the waves restaurant was a buffet with a different theme each night and an amazing selection of desserts.However, what i really liked about the hotel was the service which was fantastic. Everytime we requested something, it was delivered promptly. There was a free shuttle bus to mall of emirates and taxis were always available. I would definitely recommend this hotel to people and its good value for money.	
Feb 1 2009 	short stop over	booked half board club see view for three days the service of the staff was excellent but the hotel was not what we would class as five star ,we where told that we where upgraded to a suite it a great view over the sea but the room looked tired ,the wall had black marks on , the chair covers on the balcony where stained,the lounge chairs starting fray with where ,the television was a standard hotel model .also we had booked half board ,and found out from a letter send to the room that we could only use one restaurant for breakfast and lunch or dinner as the hotel as four we complaint and after a lot hassle it was agreed we could use others up to a certain amount per meal and we would have to pay the difference this should be stated when booking .i also tried to use the Internet in the hotel three times without luck and we advised the use western hotel next door ,which i did the end which vast improvement i think management should maybe look at .overall stopped in four star better than this	
Jan 29 2009 	Absolute Luxury	We are a little late posting this review but are looking to go back this year and came across Trip Advisor.I planned this trip for my partners 40th Birthday and cannot thank the Mina seyahi staff enough for making an absolute dream holiday for us both.I arranged to be picked up from the airport in the hotel limo, which really got the holiday off to a good start. I had phoned ahead from England and asked if they could put a Bouquet of flowers in the room. &quot;WOW&quot; they were absolutely gorgeous. My partner could not believe the service we got at arrival at the hotel. We did not want for anything.The beach &amp; pools are beautiful and the bar staff are really great. You can lie on the beach and they will bring your lunch on a tray to you. The food is absolutely fantastic.The food in the restaurants is 5 star and the entertainment was quite good as well.Again before we went I had phoned ahead ordered a Birthday cake for my partner. We came back from the beach and it was waiting in the room. It was beautiful. She really appreciated it.I had a little secret; I wanted to propose while we were in Dubai and asked the staff on reception if they could make us a reservation in the restaurant at the top of the Burj Al Arab. They did all this for us. She did say yes. :-)I have got to say this is the best holiday I have ever had and hopefully we are going back this year. Hopefully March 14th for a week.I would like to thank all the staff and the management for all the hard work they put in to run what I would say is the best hotel in Dubai.Thank you fromDarren &amp; Jane XX	
Jan 28 2009	Nice Hotel	We recently stayed for 8 nights while visiting friends staying out here. We were on a half board basis which we were impressed with as it includes breakfast and either lunch or dinner which as we ate out most nights was very handy! Food very good though with buffet can be a bit samey. Felt that some sort of drink should be included with either lunch or dinner but it wasnt (not even water!) and this meant extra costs which in Dubai isnt cheap. Rooms great size and views were amazing, I would definately go for a sea view with views over Palm Island.Be warned you often need to book a table for dinner (even on half board) as it gets really busy. We felt this could have been mentioned when we checked in. On the whole the staff were very helpfull but not too in your face which we liked.Really good location, and plenty of sunbeds both on the beach and grass.Would recommend it but get a sea view room!!!	
Dec 30 2008 	A fantastic stay.	I'll try to keep this as helpful and concise as I can. We stayed at the hotel over Xmas this year (2008). Overall, we had an absolutely fantastic time here. To begin in detail then ........... we booked a meet and greet package which was beneficial. The architecture of the building is ok, it suits the surroundings but as with everything in Dubai it lacks the glamour or individuality of the next adjacent building to go up. The greeting at the hotel from the car was welcoming and the entrance to the hotel lobby is nice. It lacks the immediate punch and glamour of other newer hotels but its immaculately clean, well laid out and we were made very welcome. The hotel is placed on the beach facing a bay from the main sea and so the water is very calm, great for swimming and using the kayaks and sail boats etc. Our baby daughter was happy to swim and paddle here as it was so calm. We had a sea view deluxe room and the view was really nice, stretching from the boat marina on the left to views of the Burj on the right. I'd recommend a sea view room as the construction on a road view room would drive me up the wall I think. The room was quite large, very comfortable with a huge bed, good tv, good storage, a nice bathroom and the daily cleaning and evening turn down service were excellent. The hotel facilities were excellent and very well run by all the staff both in the hotel, outside and at the Westin next door. The fact that we could have a different scene each day mean't we didn't get bored with our location. You could lounge on the grass or by the pool or on the beach with plenty of space all around at the the Meridien or the Westin. The pools have lots of life guards and the poolside staff and waiters are so, so, so helpful. The food standard here is high, in the Meridien, the Westin and at the poolside and beach bars. We enjoyed every meal here which for us is a first. Room service was excellent. We have stayed many, many places around the world, both middle class and high class but this is the FIRST hotel that has got every single meal order correct during our stay. Nothing was too much trouble. We bespoked our breakfast order and it came correct every time. the eggs done to your liking etc etc. Even things that weren't on the standard menu. For example, one late afternoon we wanted some fish fingers for our daughter, 20 mins later they were delivered. When you have a young child, that kind of service makes things so much easier. We had Xmas dinner in the buffet restuarant and even the food here produced on a wider scale for all the guests was very, very good. We have paid a lot of money at guardian listed restuarants for much worser food than here. We used the E-Room, gift shop, guest service desk, hotel limo as a taxi and all were so well run and staffed. Nothing was too much trouble. Of an evening the beach based Barasti Bar was buzzing and seemed to be a great socialising place for international trendies of all ages, both hotel guests and outside guests. We would have liked to enjoy a drink there but its obviously not a place for a minor. Overall the hotel was so well run it provided an excellent base for us to have a memorable holiday here as a family, we had so much fun. We came back a little sad as we really didn't want to leave and that was after an 8 night stay. We would certainly consider returning to this hotel and would definately reccomend it to other travellers, families, singles, couples etc.	
Dec 27 2008 	Good hotel	Myself and my stayed here for 2 nights in November and a night in December 2008, in general it`s a nice hotel with good service which you kinda expect when you pay Dubai prices. In particular the outside sunbathing area is nice with areas of grass,beach or patio with the option of bathing in the pool or the sea which in this case is the harbour area..all very nice. Drinks are available at the pool resturaunt area however they and the food is pricey but that`s Dubai for you, in the evening there`s several resturaunts to choose from both at this hotel and the ajoining one again very nice but pricey. There is also a bar/club in the hotel grounds which has a bit of a buzz about it so that`s good for a few drinks. To summarise we`d say... nice enough hotel for a stop over on long haul,we`ve deffo stayed in better hotels and lots of worse ,great outside area for chilling out, good enough service but like the rest of Dubai its over priced (which I feel will change in the long term) Would we stay here again ?.... Yes	
Dec 26 2008 	Fabulous stay	We booked a break with our two small boys at Le Meridien and from the moment we were met at the airport the service was fantastic. Everyone was extremely polite and helpful. Facilities were superb and the beach immaculate. The kids club and babysitting service were excellent and we have recommend the hotel to all our friends. We will definitely be back in the summer!	
Dec 24 2008 	Nice location; Very nice facilities	I recently spent three nights in this hotel, and I must say that I found it quite comfortable and the staff extremely pleasant.I had the balcony doors to my room open when I came home late in the evening as well as in the morning. The view of the Palm island and the water was terrific, and the facilities on the beach met all my expectations.A colleague and I had a breakfast and a lunch in the restaurant on the ground floor. The Sunday lunch (buffet) had a variety of foods and a wide assortment of breads. Everything was quite tasty, particularly the local dishes.Although I was in Dubai for work, I added one extra day to see the sights and do some shopping. There is a shuttle bus from the hotel to the Mall of the Emirates where my colleague took advantage of the ski slopes in the mall.The bar area had a violinist and a pianist, but I suspect that the musicians vary. Service was good in the bar and the atmosphere is really quite nice whether you sit inside or out on the terrace.The only element of my visit which I am slightly less positive about is related to one of the gentlemen (porter) at the entrance who consistently encouraged us to avoid using the regular taxis in place of the slightly more expensive taxis/limos. It is not that taxis are expensive in Dubai (they are not), but my colleague and I were happy with the standard taxis, but felt we sometimes had to repeatedly state that in order to get a standard taxi.All in all, I would recommend this hotel, and would certainly return to it in the future.	
Nov 23 2008 	Nice hotel with great location	We've just returned from a relaxing week at the Le Meridien Mina Seyahi. The hotel is nicely located at Jumeirah Beach, and you have the possibility to lay beside the two pools, by the beach on sand or grass. The pool for small children is shaded, a nice touch to avoid too much sun. The pool bar is found nearby by the larger pool with possibility to eat lunch.This is our third stay at Mina Seyahi and I'm happy to say that there has been some improvements from our first stay. Earlier there has been no chance for upgrade without being met by a new, and higher, room rate that originally agreed. If the hotel isn't full it's a nice touch to give the guests a free upgrade as it only will make the guest even more satisfied without any extra work for the staff. This time we had a club room at 8'th floor that was very nice. Even though we didn't get access to the lounge it didn't matter, we got some extra attention and we really appreciated it ! We also noticed a higher grade of service from the staff than earlier. Each and everyone at Mina is very service minded and friendly and we're constantly met by a smile and some friendly words - well done!The variety on the lunch menu's (light lunch) at the restaurants, is a bit poor, I would like to see a wider variety for Mina and Westin as it's much of the same (too heavy). But when we were a bit tired of the selection we walked to Dubai Marina and took our lunch there. You got to cross a heavily trafficked road, but it's still possible to walk to the Marina. I'm looking forward to next time and hope the construction work is finished so it would be possible to walk under the marina bridge to avoid the running over the streets. The reasons for why I don't rate Mina as excellent (5) is that they still are a few steps away from making you feel really pampered. We stayed at Kempinski (at Emirates Mall) in March 2008 and their service exceeds everything I've experienced. We got a free upgrade, with a smile, and during the day at the pool we were constantly taken care of with cold clothes and free fruit - and that with the correct amount of attention so it never felt intrusively. So if I were to give the management of Mina a tip - stay a couple of nights at Kempinski and check out your competitors.We also had some problems with the beds as they were a bit hard. We both have some problems with our backs, and the hard bed resulted in back- and neck pain. I know that we all have different demands on softness on mattresses, but a thin over mattress could solve this and make the stay even more comfortable. We've really enjoyed our stay at Mina and would recommend this hotel as it's close to beach, Dubai Marina, Marina Walk and several large shopping malls.	
Nov 18 2008 	A nice oasis away from the construction.	The Meridien Mina Seyahi is a very comfortable hotel/resort located right on the Jumeira Beach strip. Our drive from Abu Dhabi to the hotel took less than 90 minutes - and most of the major Dubai shopping and entertainment districts are no more than a 20 minute drive away.We were very happy with our stay here - the rooms were well maintained and very clean, and the grounds abounded with pools, bars and beach activities. (The ocean water was probably the warmest I had ever been in). As we're not really hotel dwellers, we didn't spend much time on the grounds except when we were returning from the days' activities. It was unfortunate that we couldn't enjoy the pub located behind the hotel - but it was generally so smoky that we ruled it out after our first day - I'm sure this is the same at most any hotel pub in the Emirates.To be frank, we chose this hotel almost exclusively because of the corporate rate that was available to us to stay there. I recognize that Dubai is a very expensive location, but paying nearly $2000 for three nights would never have been an option for us.	
Nov 16 2008 	Beware of the Barasti Bar Noise!	We recently stayed here for 6 nights. The hotel is in a beautiful location, extremely clean with friendly staff and the restaurants are good, especially in the Westin hotel next door but expensive. Our only complaint is the &quot;outdoor nightclub&quot; which takes place in the barasti bar on Wednesday to Saturdays finishing at 3.00am. The music is extremely loud, especially if you have a sea view room with a thumping beat, and is used mostly by non-residents at an estimate 400 - 500 each night. After one disturbed night my patience snapped as we had an early flight to catch and I asked to be moved to a land view room, which they did arrange. It did spoil our holiday. I would not return there but would stay in the Westin next door, which is a far superior hotel, although even more expensive. There is building work locally but that does not interfer with this hotel. They offer a great shuttle bus service to the Mall.	
Nov 4 2008 	great start to honeymoon	We started off our honeymoon with a fantastic stay here for 3 nights. Staff could not be more helpful, right down to a phonecall from the manager asking if our stay was going ok!Lovely beach and pool area, the seaview room we had was well worth it. Nice comfy bed too.We only ate in the hotel for breakfast, but I have never seen such an amazing buffet! Everything you could ever imagine eating for breakfast!Fully recommend this hotel	
Oct 30 2008	Fantastic Hotel shame about the transfer!	Fantastic hotel which lived up to it's reputation and the reviews that people had included. From arriving at reception in the early hours of Saturday morning until we departed on the Wednesday the stay was faultless and I cannot complain about a single thing.The location was fantastic and the beach just added to the experience. Considering the hotel was nearly full we never felt overcrowded and there was always an abundance of beds available. Sadly the transfer from the airport did not meet the same level of expectation. We booked with Letsgo2 which included transfers. Having landed at 12.10am it took an hour to go through passport control and then the organisation of the transfer was shambolic. Company was called Travco and they turned what should have been a 25 minute journey into a 2 hour one! Passengers arriving had no clue where to go to and we sat in the coach for over an hour waiting for the groups to be rounded up. This also wasn't helped by the fact that part of the airport is being rebuilt which added to the complications. Emirates though were superb and the flights both there and back were the best of been on!Whilst there we went on the recommendation of other and did the Wild Wadi and Desert Safari and both didn't disappoint!All they need to do now is lower the cost of alcohol which is probably twice the cost of back home (only a small grumble and not only limited to the hotel).Can't wait to go back!	
Oct 28 2008 	Great location great facilities average hotel	This hotel shares all it's facilities with the Westin Mina Seyahi which we missed out on booking by about 5 minutes because I was too busy looking at reviews of it!I really wished we had stayed at the Westin because the Meridien is really fairly average accommodation. Don't get me wrong, there's nothing hideously wrong with it, it's just that compared to other hotels in the area, it's just a bit average and feels like it's being dwarfed by everything else around it!However, the location is fabulous - overlooking the Palm Jumierah so you can see the Atlantis and if you crane your neck you can see the Burj al Arab too!The grounds are beautiful and despite the obviouls building work going on across the whole of dubai, this place feels really peaceful.The staff are just fantastic - you could literally lie by any of the pools all day and not lift a finger!The choice of restaurants is great too. Our favourite by far was the Spice Emporium in the Westin hotel - one of the best Thai meals I've had. The Dhow boat was ok, but a little over priced and lacking in atmosphere. We also ate in the Barista (think that's what it's called!) which is really lively and obviously the place where all the expats hang out at the weekend!So overall, if you can stay at the Westin, do but if it's full the Meridien is good alternative as long as you don't plan to spend much time in the hotel itself!	
Oct 17 2008 	Superb Hotel	We spent one week at the Mina Seyahi in Dubai. The hotel is situated on the beach, with a view over the marina. There are three restaurants within the Hotel but we can recommend Waves Buffet. There is a good selection of food and the staff and polite and very friendly. The rooms are spacious and the air conditioning very quiet and effective. Two very accomplished musicians played the piano and violin which added to the atmosphere. The temperature outside was 38degrees and the water which is very safe to swim in was warm!!! not like Northern Ireland. The service at the pool and beach was very good too.We can thoroughly recommend this Hotel, from the moment we arrived with the efficient Reception Staff and the frieldliness of the porters, a return visit is quite probable.	
Oct 12 2008 	Loved it !	Stayed here 4th Oct 4 nights and had a fantastic time &amp; were sad to leave. Prior to leaving the UK we read about the Le Meridien not being so grand as other hotels in Dubai but the staff &amp; level of service making up for it. We found the Mina to be great and liked the fact that it wasn't so OTT, from being picked up on arrival at the airport to check out, all members of staff were very friendly &amp; helpful &amp; we found the hotel to be of a very high standard throughout &amp; were very pleased with our choice.We stayed in a deluxe sea-view room &amp; found this to be fully equipped with all amenities &amp; enjoyed that we could sit on the balcony in the evening with a glass of wine (or 2).We ate in Waves &amp; Ciro's Pomodora restaurant &amp; found all food to our liking. Breakfast is taken in Waves &amp; has a very wide selection to choose from &amp; would set us up for the day. We also went to Barasti bar in the evening. WOW what an atmosphere &amp; enjoyed sampling the bar's drink of the night (secret recipe, rum based with retro sweet space dust in).We arrived just after Eid so found no problem with trying to get a bed on the beach or by the pool, plenty were to be had without rising to early. The beach was spotless &amp; the sea was like bath water...Mmmmmm. We also swam in the infinity pool &amp; enjoyed the views out to palm island.If you have read about this hotel being disappointing please don't let this put you off, please go. I was half tempted to change but am so glad we did not &amp; will definitely stay at this hotel again on our next visit to Dubai (hopefully 2009).I work in business travel &amp; now knowing what this hotel is truly like &amp; how near it is to media city I will not hesitate to recommend this to my clients.We would like to thank all members of staff for making our 1st trip to Dubai so memorable.	
Oct 6 2008	LOVELY but a little exxxy but on par	After the first night in the awful part of dubai staying here at Mina Seyahi Beach has been magic!! From feeling uncomfortable as a blonde woman in the wrong part of town where we had been first night to paying the additional price to move to the beach side part of dubai i cannot put words to how this move saved our holiday. Dubai is hot and very expensive so be aware you get what you pay for however this hotel is beautiful and very westernised the best breakfast buffet i have ever seen. The gym here is one of the best in the world....	
Oct 5 2008 	What a Place !!!	We have just returned from Mina Seyahi, only had 3 nights. Weather was hot, hotel very clean, staff very helpful.Situated on the beach, although lots of building work going on around the whole of Dubia, but must admit did not affect us in the hotel, only when travelling out on the Bus Trips !!!Although did not expect buffet style breakfast &amp; Dinner for a 5 star hotel, you would prefer waiter service.Rooms was large, very well decorated and clean to a high standard. Even the beds was turned down once you returned from your evening out. Overall , we had a great time and we would go back.	
Oct 4 2008 	disappointed	We visited in May with 2 children. On arrival staff were pleasant and we were able to have breakfast early. When shown to our room we were shocked as it was suppose to be a family room for 4. It had 1 king sized bed and 1 double!! My son ended up on a camp bed ( not very 5 star) which was put in the room on our request. Service at breakfast was slow in first few days, but did improve. The food is delicious with plenty of choice but we often ate lunch in the hotel and then went out to other restaurants in the evening. The pools are lovely, however the service around is poor and you often end up having to get up and order from the bar. The sunlounges are very tired and need to be updated asap and its quite obvious, if you go and relax around the Weston hotel you will see the difference. Kids club was great for the 5yr old, 9 yr old loved the pool, beach and manicures in the beauty salon!!! Alsospa now in the weston as well.If your a family of 4 - get 2 rooms with interconnecting doors. Pleasant experience, but needs updating to be a proper 5star and to compete with other hotels.	
Oct 3 2008 	Faultless Service	In a case of &quot;better the devil you know&quot;, we decided to stay once again at the Mina Seyahi following our short stay earlier in the year.Upon booking we were told there was a choice of lunch or evening meal at no extra cost on top of the bed and breakfast package. It was only late on that I realised this was probably due to the Ramadan period. I checked beforehand to see if the optional extra had to be taken in the Waves restaurant, and was told that we would be granted an allowance if we wanted to eat at any of the other restaurants.Despite arriving at the hotel at 0900 not only was a room made available within 30 minutes, but we were given an upgrade to a de-luxe sea view room.We were already aware of the temporary closure of the main pool, but we were informed we could use the pools at the neighbouring Westin Hotel which is now open.One of the reasons for the break in Dubai was to coincide it with my wife's birthday. Many birthday cards were taken with us to be opened on the morning of her birthday and were placed upon the dresser within the room. Upon arriving back from the Emirates Mall later in the afternoon, we found the room decked out and a birthday cake and card from the hotel placed on the table in the room. From past experience we knew that a table in the Barasti would need to be reserved, so we did exactly that. At this time of the year the Barasti is particularly busy and a booking is recommended. Here we encountered Sunil who surpassed himself in looking after us. I cannot think of another occasion when I have had such good service.That really extends to all of my experience over the past week at the Mina Seyahi. The service from everybody could not be faulted in any shape or form.One thing of note however, is that with it's neighbour the Westin having opened, and with everyone taking advantage of going around it, the Meridien is showing signs of needing a good makeover.Book with confidence!	
Oct 1 2008 	50 and still kicking	fantastic , everything. Stayed over New Year gala dinner excellent. Loved it , staff superb. If you can find a fault with this hotel then I would be amazed.	
Oct 1 2008 	Brilliant Hotel	I stayed at this hotel with my elderly mother and all i can say is amazing. It's a 5 star hotel with service and dining to match, nothing is too much trouble for the staff who are always very friendly. We went half board which turned out to be a great saving with alternative menus every nite .. my mother is a vegetarian who was very impressed with the different food options. Beach is beautiful, this hotel caters for all even for a single traveller. There is a complimentary shuttle bus to the local shopping and gold mall although i did feel that one to Dubai city centre was needed. If i did have to point out a negative, it would probably be the construction work taking place in the surrounding area .. it will not affect your stay at this place as the hotel is sound proof but it is an eyesore especially if you want to go for a walk outside. Also, did not find any shops or restaurants within walking distance which means you are pretty much confined to the hotel.If you're looking for luxury with a friendly atmosphere, stay at this place. I will definitely be coming back !	
Sep 28 2008 	Loved Mina Seyahi	Really liked the Meridien Mina Seyahi hotel, and went during Ramadan, which was no real problem. A few bars etc closed but the hotel catered very well throughout the day for particular needs. The fact that the hotel was quieter than normal made this an absolute dream holiday especially when you are just getting away from it all.Had the luxury of a Club Room, although land view, and in fairness pre warned by agents and hotel about excessive construction, this did not affect my stay, and the sound did not carry into my room. Okay some of the views are not idyllic but who cares! A view does not make or break my holiday, I don’t spend that much time in my room. To be fair the views over the sea and looking at yachts etc is not that bad. Be warned that the view will surely disappear once the Palms is in full flow.The room was lovely and if you can extend the purses/wallets to a room on the club floor, I recommend it. The luxury of a semi-private breakfast away from the mass buffet crowd, the afternoon teas, evening drinks with canapés etc are a god send. It does define a certain type of luxury. Pools – again prewarned as some were closed for maintenance...the rock pool was nice and quiet but needs better cleaning, but the Westin pools which are less than 2 mins walk away were lovely. Although some of the Westin staff seem to get quite territorial, should you venture into the wrong pool or god forbid carry the wrong coloured towels! Could improve their attitude.Waves – restaurant on free half board, but food was good but I would say just above average. Still think buffet at Jumeirah Beach Hotel surpasses it, but this was no bad buffet. The food was still good quality, clean and plentiful.Staff : - Eliza on Club floor reception was fantastic and her standards of service and attitude were excellent. She was always very polite and friendly. Suman who worked the late afternoon/evening shift, making the Dhow signature cocktails for us and serving us afternoon cappuccinos was excellent, as was Kumar at breakfast. I believe they both work at the Dhow so it will be a loss to the Club lounge when they go back.Issues: – Had a few internet problems not as high speed as they’d like you to think but as I say very minor. They did fix it after second day. The room had a bit of a damp smell but I lived with it, I put it down to proximity to beach etc. Main issue some of the Club level staff really need to improve their communication and service level skills. You seemed to have to ask for everything rather than them asking you, with the exception of those mentioned previously above. They were pretty sterile This is the only reason I’ve not given it a 5	
Sep 28 2008	Bustle In Dubai	We stayed here for 3 days in sept 08 from 24-27th, on arrival at Dubai from Colombo we were greeted at the airport by our transfer in a lovely air conditioned limosine for our onward journey. The time to the hotel Le Meridien is approx 40 mins from the airport.First impressions of DUBAI were that it resembles a high rise building site as there are improvements going on all over the place. The Le Meridien was an un assuming place stuck next to its sister hotel the Westin. We were booked in here for half board as we wanted to experience the local restaurants and some of the top class restaurants. The Hotel checkin was very surreal as the clerk just tended to whisper everything to you and then explain where you could/could not eat and what was included in your package. Then it was off to find your own room without any knowledge of the hotel and it was poorly signed.The room itself as you would expext for Dubai had everything including ironing board,hair drier, mini bar and all the rest of the trappings, it was well furnished and very clean. Once we had unpacked it was the off to explore the remaining facilities the hotel had to offer. The pool was closed for refurbishment and still is until the end of Sept. All other facilities were closed due to it being Ramadan. Whilst we have to respect other peoples cultures and beliefs i dont think it should affect tourists as much as it does. For instance if you left the hotel to go into one of the 45 shopping malls or anywhere else then you were expected not to drink, eat, smoke, chew gum, show the soles of your feet, show any affection for your partner during daylight hours, in temperatures of 40C all you want to do is have water to keep hydrated !!!!.Once the sun goes down back at your hotel then the bars and restaurants open, trying to get reservations for restaurants in this hotel was an absolute nightmare all fully booked for the period that we were there, not only hotel guests use these facilities they are open to all and sundry. The main dining area THE WAVES was very good and the presentation of food and standards were very high, however sometime there was a long wait to get in and get seated.The hotel backed onto the Arabian Gulf and the sun loungers were comfortable. For an up and coming city there is not a lot to do apart from shop, as most of the shops were UK high street shops it was just like being at home, not a great differance in the prices either !!! Best thing we did was the BIG BUS TOUR, this took you all round Dubai where you could hop on/off when you wanted and you ticket was valid for two days.The hotel bars only operate in DIRHAMS so ensure you take them with you.Overall i thought this was a poor experience for what i had been expecting, may just be me but i dont think so	
Aug 26 2008 	lovely beach front resort	A bit late with this review but after reading recent reviews and seeing a managers reply i thought i would add a quick note . this was our 2nd stay at this hotel and on both ocasions we booked all inclusive , this time we had a club room which was very nice and the lounge was very nice with a lovely view of the palm When i booked i was informed the all inclusive had changed its name to &quot; full board plus &quot; but i was informed it still included all drinks as my previous visit , On my 2nd day i checked the bill to find i had been charged for all food and drink , when i checked with the concierge most of it came off but some drinks were still on , then i was informed that i was only entitled to drinks with meals only , The management were good enough still to give me all inclusive but i have brochures now for 2009 and they still say &quot; all inclusive &quot; one of them is hayes and jarvis , i would advise anybody wanting this option to check before going as you might spend a lot of time checking bills .	
Aug 21 2008 	Brilliant Hotel!!!	I stayed here with my boyfriend for 10 nights in September 2007. We had a fantastic holiday at the Mina - made even better by the incredible customer service and friendliness of the staff. The food selection was fantastic every night and the desserts were to die for!We had a deluxe sea view room - well worth the extra money and wonderful to wake up to each morning. Loved the infinity pool - especially considering that it was 45 degrees while we were there. My top tip is to visit the Italian restaurant downstairs in the hotel - fantastic meal at a good price. Also go on the desert safari, we had a brilliant day/night on this trip. The Wild Wadi Water park is also well worth a visit!	
Aug 21 2008 	Enjoyed	We have just come back off from our honeymoon after staying at this hotel for two weeks, We both thoroughly enjoyed our stay, the staff were very helpful and friendly, The hotel was very clean, we had booked fully inclusive which we would highly recomend as food and especially alcohol is very expensive. The only bad thing/experience that we can say that we had was visiting two of the restaurants there which were called ''Tang'' and ''Blue Orange'' , these restaurants were not for us and would not recomend. Overall, location, facilties we would go back.	
Aug 10 2008 	fantastic stay	stayed at the hotel 3 nights was made welcome on arrival , facilities and room excellent,had a lovely sea view overlooking the marina. enjoyed the gym on a morning, friendly staff and chat with the bar staff at the pool bar. nights out at barasti bar were quite interesting and busy. Food was very good and am returning in August for a 6 day break to celebrate m daughters 21st so hope we have another good time.	
Aug 6 2008 	Belter of a holiday!	We stayed at 'The Mina' for a week between the 28th of July and the 4th of August 2008. We booked a land view family room that could accomodate two adults and two kids, and we certainly weren't disappointed with either the size of the room or the ameneties within.Plenty of space, cupboards, drawers, hangers etc and comfortable beds made the room itself very desirable. The bathrom itself, although not particularly big, was ample.The Mina offers everything that you would expect from a five star hotel, however, where it stands out is the level of service from staff (and I mean ALL staff) as well as the well manicured gardens, spotless beach and excellent range and choice of food at the hotel.I found the staff to be particularly helpful and special mentions must go to Alim (Concierge) for his willingness to help, Myrna (Sp) at the Info Centre for the same reasons, as well as Ronny at the Waves Restaurant who sorted out an error with a bill whilst we were checking out on out last day, with the minimum amount of fuss.I've mentioned some names above, however, I could probably go on. The only very small complaint I have is the poor service at the swim-up bar that I had on the one occasion I used it. It was slow (and when your gagging for a cold drink and its 40+ degrees) its no joke. I will say that the service at th much smaller bar near the beach which I used frequently was excellent throughout.For those with kids, the Penguin Kids Club is excellent, with the staff there very friendly and helpfull.We did most things within the space of a week including Dune Bashing with evening entertainment and barbeque meal (recommended) Ski Dubai (not all that great) and Wild Wadi Waterpark (an absolute MUST!!).Instead of going on one of the organised tours of the city, we booked a vehicle and driver from Avis through the hotel Info Centre. It cost 300 dirhams for three hours which was real value. The driver was very professional, taking us everywhere WE wanted to go and stopping for photos etc - well recommended.Dubai itself, is an eye-opener due to the development and where its still heading. Combine this with cracking weather, first class hotels (The Mina most definately being one of the best), superb beaches, lots to see and do and tons of quality restaurants and it makes for a very good holiday!!	
Aug 6 2008 	An AMAZING hotel!!!!!!!	This hotel is absoultely amazing!!! All the staff are fantastic, and extremely helpful!!!! The rooms are beautiful, comfortable and clean, with welcoming cosy interiors. The hotel's beach front is also stunning, and has lots of water sports to offer!!! There is also a huge range of resturants to pick from within the hotel, and along it's beach promenade. Internet connection is also available for all you computer-buffs!!! The breakfast buffet was one of my favourite things about this hotel!!! There is just so much to choose from, and everything tastes great!!! If you like swimming, there is a huge pool outside the hotel, and you can also swim in the sea because the hotel has it's own beach stretch. Since Dubai is a very developing and urban country there is a lot of construction going on so you will rely on taxis to get to attractions, as walking to them is near impossible!!! You will not find this to be a problem however as cabs are plentiful, efficient and cheap, and the wonderful valet outside the hotel are ALWAYS outside to call you a cab when you need one!!! Overall, this hotel was wonderful, with the best staff you could hope for, homely rooms and plentiful lesuire and facilities!!!!!!!	
Jul 30 2008 	excellent hotel 	I stayed here for 7 nights in July. It is a stunning hotel located on Jumierah beach.We upgraded to a superior sea view room where we had stunning views of the beach, the palm and Dubai marina.We arrived at 1am and was still greeted by a friendly man who gave us ice cold towels, fruitjuice and a chocolate.We did half board which meant we had breakfast then could either eat at lunch or dinner (a great idea if you want to eat out in the evenings). Food was varied and lots of choice for all nationalities, desserts were very pretty &amp; tasteful too.The hotel has an infinity pool, its a great place to cool down after a hard days sunbathing, there is also a poolbar called Horizon and the staff there were great they were always friendly and everyday they remembered our drinks we liked and bought them to us. The food at the poolbar was lovely too, we had pizza, fries and a delicious salad. Again the prices were pretty reasonable too.Around the beach/pool area the hotel guys would bring us ice cold towels and water spray, it was great and always needed in this kind of heat! Also if u wanted any food or drink you could order it and they would bring it over to you.The room in the hotel was immaculate and clean, everyday you got clean towels and complimentary bottles of water. The mini bar was filled too. In the evenings they did the turndown service and left chocolates on your pillow and a temperature guide. Plus free bottles of water again.There is a piano bar too which is relaxing in the evenings for a quiet drink. There was another bar outside but it was far too humid to sit out there.Last year we stayed at the Oasis Beach hotel which is 4 star, the le meridien mina seyahi is 5 star. Although i enjoyed the le meridien i still preferred the Oasis Beach purely because there is much more choice at the lunch and dinner buffet and also the Oasis has another bar which we really enjoyed. Its a shame it is getting knocked down soon.All in all though i would highly recommend the Le Meridien as the staff were fantastic and the quality of the hotel was excellent. Also the rooms were great too with plenty of facilities.	
Jul 22 2008 	Loved this hotel....Great Atmosphere	I stayed at this hotel July 08 for 7 nights and as a travel agent I can whole heartedly recommend it. Rooms were clean and very spacious, had a lovely balcony overlooking the pool, beach, marina and palm island, not that we spent any time out there as it was too hot!Couldnt believe how hot and humid Dubai is in July, the sea is like a bath, but the pool is cool and they bring you cold towels as you're baking and ice buckets for the water.We were half board and the food was excellent, we also ate out at Spice Emporium in the Westin and the food there was amazing. Jeep Safari, Emirates Mall and Mudinah at Mina A Salam are all musts.Will definately be coming back, just maybe not in July or August!!!!	
Jul 7 2008 	Fabulous time in Dubai and at Le Meridien Mina	We stayed for 7 nights at the end of June 2008 and had a wonderful time in Dubai, and at the Le Meridien Mina. This was our first time in Dubai, and the city exceeded all expectations. The hotel was fabulous and the staff were very friendly from the moment we arrived to the second we left. No-one could do enough for you. We stayed in a non sea view room and looked over the road below, and all the plush new buildings behind this. We did not intend to use our room that much so didn't mind, and actually to see the buildings all lit up made it seem like a city stay even though we were on the beach. Please be aware that if you have a sea view room you no longer just have the arabian sea to view but the palm island as well. Brochure pictures are out of date.There are more cranes to be seen on the palm then on the land side, as there is still building work on the palm trunk.We were half board and used the waves restuarant. The food was excellent with a different theme each night. We also ate at the popular Barasti bar, and the food was excellent. Please note if you intend to eat here at night, it gets extremely busy especially at weekends (friday and saturday in Dubai). This bar is one of the main hang out places in Dubai, but the music is not especially aloud. We also ate at the Hard Rock cafe which was good fun. This is a 2 min taxi ride away. Taxi journeys are very cheap in Dubai.The rooms at the hotel were comfortable, and in my view didn't need alot of work done to them. The beach is also fantastic as well, and the hotel is ideally located close to the palm and next to the Marine club. The hotel is small by Dubai standards, but this made our experience with the staff more personal. The Westin hotel next door is now open. We had a look inside and it was very smart, but I think would lack the personal touch. It is more modern, but there didn't seem to be many people around.It was very hot when we went. Around 40c each day, and it gets hotter in August apparently and more humid. We went on a city tour which was short but fun, and also on a desert safari. This is a must, it is a bit nerve ending during the dune bashing, but great fun, followed by a lovely BBQ dinner. We really enjoyed our stay at Mina, and would be glad to go back there soon. We flew with Virgin, and their flight arrives around 6.30 in the morning. There is no longer the fast track option, but as so early we got through passport control in 5 mins. Virgin also produce a guide to Dubai which is handy if you haven't got a guide book.	
Jul 2 2008 	Fantastic Hotel....	We have just come back from Dubai and I felt I had to write my first review on Tripadvisor!This hotel was fab. Above our expectations.From the reception desk to the room to the maids to the restaurant and the pool staff everyone and eveything was great.We had a seaview room and I would totally advise this. From our balcony we had a fantastic view of The Palm being built.The Westin hotel next door is newly built and you can use the pools and facilities which is great as there isn't too much space around the hotel's pool but lots of landscaped garden areas with loungers. We spent our days by the pool around The Westin which is lovely.The food in the Waves restaurant was different each night and the desert section was to die for! We booked and got half board for free which was a bargin.It is 10 mins from The Mall of Emirates which is the largest shopping center in Dubai and 10 mins from Wild Wadi Waterpark.Great place and we would book there again....	
Jun 22 2008 	Brilliant Stay Could not fault anything	We have just spent a long week end at this hotel, and we had a fabulous time. After a very late arrival into Dubai we arrived at the hotel to be greeted with very efficient check in, cold towels, juice and chocolates, and upgrade to deluxe sea view room.We were celebrating an anniversary and the hotel went out of their way to make the weekend great. I don't think that they realised that we were a same sex couple until check in, but didn't blink an eye (not to us, anyway).Hermes bath products in the bathroom which were refilled at a copious rate!! Nothing too much trouble for any of the staff. The fastest room service I have every experienced. Room Servicing staff very friendly. No one is expecting a tip, which I like, but we did, anyway. We must have worn the poor lads ragged asking for ice to the room, but they seemed to enjoy the conversations we had with them. By the end of the stay we just picked up the phone and they answered with an automatic request for ice!! Food in restaurant was faultless. So much choice and very good quality. Theme nights very good. Wine expensive but on a par for Middle East resorts. Location on the beach is brilliant, but we spent most of our time by the pools. The water in the pools is cooled, and if you go from the pool water to the sea water the sea water feels too hot!! The hotel is next door but one to the King of Dubia's house on the beach (if it is good enough for him..... ) While we were there the peacocks from his garden &quot;escaped&quot; into our hotel grounds, and it was great to see them strutting around our gardens, perching on the balconies, while the security staff tried to shoo them back into the palace grounds!!Overall, a great place to stay. The hotel looks rather dated compared to some of the stunning looking buildings going up around it, but please don't let this put you off. Great service and location. Our room was stunning, with views from floor to ceiling windows of the city and the sea. Beautiful.Have fun!!	
Jun 20 2008 	Travel agent says..............Loved it	We had never been to Dubai before and got a good rate on this hotel so we thought we would give it ago.When we checked in they gave us a free up grade to a Club Sea View room. Which means you get unlimited soft drinks all day along, happy hours 5-7 for discounted beer etc. You also eat your breakfast in the club room, there will only be a handful of people in there with you instead of where all the others eat in the main breakfast area.The rooms was large with a large corner bath and a large shower. The room was very clean and was alway tidy when we got back to the room.The pool and and gardens are very well kept. There is a good size gym and spa at the hotel.We didnt eat in the hotel often but got room service alot, which I still wish I was eating now!The hotel offers a bus service to all the shopping areas every few hours which was very good but you have to book in advance.Overall very good 5 star hotel, fab staff and the best food. I would recommed the Club Sea View rooms as you can see the Burj and Palms from there.	
Jun 19 2008 	Loved the Mina	Just got back from 10 nights at this great hotel and can highly recommend it. When we arrived we were greeted with cold towels, a drink and chocolates and a very friendly receptionist. We checked into our land view room which was a very good size. The bed was huge (if a little bit hard, the only complaint!) and the rooms were well equiped and had a seating area, satellite t.v, hairdryer, mini bar, safe, tea and coffee, bath robes and slippers, lots of toiletries and were exceptionally clean. We had complimentary newspapers every morning and chocolates left on our pillow every night and complimentary bottles of water twice a day.We were on a half board basis and the food was wonderful. We had a choice of lunch or evening meal but opted for evening as we were still full from the huge choice at breakfast! (everythig from cereal and croissants to a full fry up!) The evening buffet had a different theme each night and the choice of food was enormous, and as for the desserts - well - i put on half a stone! - say no more!The beach and pool area really are lovely and like everything else spotlessly clean and the staff do everything for you including moving sunbeds wherever you want them and putting your towels out for you - nothing is too much trouble.We didn't use any other restaurants in the hotel but went to Barasti Bar several times and loved it. My boyfriend and I are both in our mid 30's and felt there was a good mix of ages there and a party atmosphere.This is a lovely 5 star but isn't pretensious or stuffy and although one of the older hotels is well worth a visit and i would definitely stay there again.	
Jun 5 2008 	Friendly hotel good for families	We stayed at the Meridien for 5 nights as we are a family of 5 it is hard for us to get one family room, however at the Meridien they suggested we take out an executive room, which worked our great. It had a huge double bed and they put up two single beds for us and a cot. In the room we had a small 2 seater and a chair and a small table which was great for our room service food, we had a balcony and a large spacious bathroom, a mini bar and a tv and DVD player we could hire out DVD's from the desk on the executive floor.The benefits of being on this flooor meant that we could either go downstairs for our breakfast or have it on the executive floor, the staff were very friendly and loved the kids. They had a kids club and the kids loved it they even gave them a speed boat trip as part of the kids club entertainments which we went on too especially as its free!!! Augsut is a very hot month to go to Dubai it is very humid so for those who do not like intense heat I would not recommend it for this time of year maybe March/April would be better or October.The shops in Dubai are amazing. We went on a boat trip on the The down side I would say to staying at the executive floor was that some of the business people turned their noses at you when they saw you at breakfast with the kids but we paid for it so we were entitled to be there so did not bother with them. On the plus side the staff were so friendly when we went out for the day and returned later on in the day we would find gifts on the bed for the kids and something for us. They had happy hour on the executive floor which worked out great for us as the kids would leave their door open watching a DVD and we would sit 10yards away in the lounge and they would come and see if, the staff would also offer us a drink before happy hour finished which was nice and we got some nice little nibbles to eat too..We would say this is a good hotel for families visiting Dubai.	
Apr 29 2008 	good hotel but not a 5 *	Stayed at this hotel as part of our Silver Wedding celebrations, and found it good, but not great.On arrival, even though the hotel knew it was a special occasion, we were given a room without a balcony. Of all the sea view rooms in this hotel, (which we had previously booked and paid extra for) there are 4 rooms without a balcony,and that's what we were given. However, a quick word at reception and we were moved to a room with a balcony.The rooms are a wee bit dated, but still comfortable and very clean. The bathrooms are small, with only 1 sink, and a shower over the bath with plastic curtain. This can never really be considered fine for a 5 star hotel. The staff are excellent and very attentive. Breakfasts very good. Where this hotel does rate a 5 star is its outside space. Patio, gardens and beach space, all well attended by staff. You don't even need to carry your own towel to the sun lounger. Swim up bar good fun, however, can be a bit crowded with children. Hotel is due to be refurbished from end of April, with the new Westin (sister hotel) opening next door on May 1st. It looked superb. Doubt I would return to the Mina Seyahi, even after refurbishment, would prefer to try the Westin.Overall, it is a good hotel, but not a 5 star.	
Apr 16 2008 	Fantastic honeymoon	We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights as part of our honeymoon. The only problem we had with the hotel was a mix up with the nights we were staying however they apologised and the matter was solved quickly. The grounds are lovely. We stayed when it was 45 degrees in aug but everything is fully air conditioned. The sea is very warm which would be lovely if it was cold outside but it doesnt do anything to cool you down in summer. There is a lovely italian resturant in the hotel which was the best meal we had all holiday and we were pleasantly surprised by the price. There is loads to do in dubai. The desert jeep trip is great but does make you feel a bit travel sick. The wild wadi water park is just down the road and is fantastic, they have cold water spraying the floor too so your feet dont burn on the floor. The rooms in the hotel are nice and there was a lovely view off the balcaony. There are skysrapers everywhere but they are not too ugly and you get used to them after a bit. Overall this hotel was great, we would recommend it to anyone and we will definately be coming back to dubai!	
Apr 7 2008	Calm Resort Property	I had a very good time staying at the Le Meridien Mina Seyahi Dubai. It's a good property with an excellent location but they can do better on their food variety &amp; taste.Most of the food I ordered through room service was almost tasteless. So, had to step out of the hotel for dining purposes.But if you want a good time &amp; a beach-like experience, Le Meridien Mina Seyahi is the place to stay in Dubai.	
Apr 4 2008 	Quite Disappointed	This hotel was a great disappointment. I would rank the rooms well below average and certainly far from what I would expect for a 5-star hotel (and for the price I paid). The furnishings are old and dated; indeed, the decor is straight out of the seventies. For this purported caliber of hotel, I would expect a lot more, including not just nicer rooms in general but also updated bathrooms and on-demand movies, for example. And for a supposed nonsmoking facility, the hallways and even sometimes the room reeked of stale smoke. Really, based on room quality alone, this is one of the worst hotels I have stayed in, ranking near the bottom with the oldest rooms of the Las Vegas Flamingo.The pool area is nice, but, despite the presence of a separate children's area and pool, the main pool is overrun with kids. I knew this place was ranked family-friendly, but I did hope that there may be a pool for the adults to enjoy as well. Also, even if you do want a seat anywhere near the pool, you apparently have to rise with the sun to go save your seat. Having given up on the pool after a few days, we tried the beach but were forced out within 20 minutes due to being attacked by gnats. This left us with only some places on the grass, which was fine; however, I booked this hotel largely for the pool and beachfront property and thus would have appreciated a seat near some body of water. The breakfast buffet was, at most, okay, and overall I found the food choices at the hotel generally to be somewhat lacking.On the positive side, the staff, specifically room service, housekeeping, and doorstaff, were excellent--very friendly and helpful. Also, the gym is fantastic--it has nearly every piece of equipment you could hope for (often in multiples) and overlooks the Gulf.	
Mar 21 2008 	Favorite dubai hotel	I spent more than a year traveling to dubai on business. this was my favourite hotel after a colleagues recommendation. The beach was lovely but a bit too manicured - they employ a bloke to pick all of the stones out of the sand each day! And the new Palm development off shore means that there are no real waves to speak off coming in to the shore. but these are minor gripes: the sand is soft yet firm, the water very warm.And the pools are not bad either. Many a time I would get back to the hotel about 7 after work and then go for a short swim, hanging over the edge of the infinity pool looking out over the water and at the stars. But they do close the pools early - so if I had a really long day, I would miss my chance.The negative points was that the food was a bit bland. There is a posh restaurant &quot;Tang&quot;, which is very expensive and the portions small - not my scene. The in room food can be a bit fattening, not much choice to fill you up if you are trying to eat healthily. And a room facing in land is great if you like looking at traffic (about 0.25 km away).But the Barasti bar is a great place to go for a drink and something to eat. Many an evening I sat under the warm sky supping a beer. It does fill up quickly, so either get there early or book.And book a sea view room with a balcony. It was just lovely hanging over the edge looking out at the world at play below.I miss going there - trying to wangle another visit. and if I do, I will be staying here.	
Mar 17 2008 	Lovely hotel by the beach	Le Meridien Mina Seyahi Beach Resort and Marina is an above-average hotel in Dubai. The staff was quite friendly, and the rooms were very nice - I had a hotel room with a sea/beach view balcony, a very nice feature I must say. The hotel is well located both for tourists and business travellers (especially if your business office happens to be in Media city) and the site of this hotel is not so badly disturbed by the perpetuous construction activity taking place all over Dubai. The beach is &quot;ready&quot; and looks nice with palm trees and such, water is calm and clean. The hotel has a good spa, several nice pools, and facilities to eat &amp; party both inside and outside. Barasti restaurant &amp; nightclub is part of the hotel facilities, and is apparently one of the hottest places in Dubai for a good night out. Room was quite spacious and bathroom was ordinary but functional, with a tub. Note: Although part of the SPG (Starwood) group, the hotel did not grant any SPG points for the stay, for whatever reason. Apparently this is this hotel's policy, but this might change in the future.	
Mar 15 2008 	'Fantastic'	Having just returned from this hotel I cannot recommend it highly enough. The service is brilliant from pleasant, helpful and cheerful staff throughout the hotel. The breakfast buffett is the best we have ever had with so much selection that breakfast took us an hour plus. The rooms are really good, we wish we'd have had a sea view but to be honest the land view was very interesting! The beach and pool area were spotless as was the rest of the hotel. The bar 'Barristi' was lively and the food was excellent,, the 'Bussola' was a bit expensive but worth it for a treat, and the 'Horizon Beach bar' served great food (large portions) and super cocktails.We would highly recommend an evening meal on a Dhow on the Creek, A helicopter ride and any of the restaurants around the harbour (which is across the busy road in front of the hotel).Can't praise it any more!!	
Feb 24 2008	Great beach location great buffet!	We stayed here as part of our trip to Dubai to see the Collingwood take on Adelaide in the UAE and loved this hotel.The location on the beach was great, and the buffet breakfast and lunch were excellent. We found the rooms to be a bit dated, but loved the balcony and sea view from them.Staff at check in, check out where helpful, as they were with other queries during our stay.We would stay here again, or maye sample the new Westin going up next door.	
Feb 23 2008 	Amazing service and beachfront	I stayed here for 2 nights after spending 2 nights in the city centre in the Four Points Downtown Dubai. I found Le Meridien Mina Seyahi to be the perfect beach hotel, although in some areas the hotel does need modernising -which I believe is happening once The Westin (new hotel next door) is open. The beach is one of the best in Dubai and our room (Royal Club floor) looked out onto the Palm Jumeriah and the new Atlantis Resort. The Royal Club floor provides complimentary breakfast, afternoon tea and cocktails.The hotel has some of Dubai's most popular bars and restaurants and having eaten in Bussola, Baristi, Ciro Pomodoro and the Horizon beach bar I would recommend them all.To finalise I would say this is a fantastic hotel on a stunning section of coast. Well worth a visit.	
Feb 13 2008	A Great Beach Resort ideal for young children	We have just returned from a week in Dubai staying at the Mina Seyahi. We booked this particular hotel as a friend living in Dubai had recommended it as being one of the best on the beach with 'not too extortionate food and drink prices'. He was right.My husband and I took our little girl (2 in March). We had booked through Cosmos and the only room available was a landview. Although on arrival at 10am they had given us a large family room and the room was ready - we asked for an upgrade (the view out of the landview was interesting but with lots of cranes and building work not exactly picturesque). The seaview room was ready within the hour and we had gorgeous views towards The Palm and the marina. It only cost us £120 extra for the week and we felt it was well worth it.The beach was great - as soon as you stepped foot on the sand the staff would find you sunbeds, direct them towards the sun and lay out your towels! The waiter service for food and drink on the beach was also very good. Although watersports were included (hobies and lasers and windsurfs) we didn't get the chance to use them as we were either chilling, playing with our little girl in the park (fantastic for the kids with lots of slides, bouncy castle, toy cars, swings - everything they could wish for) or swimming with her in the kids or adults pool.The pools were great - the infinity pool had a swim up bar and was right next to the kids pool which was shaded. The weather the first couple of days was okay (only 20 degrees if that) but it started to get better towards the middle of the week and by the time we were leaving had crept up to 25, which is pretty much normal for this time of year and is ideal for younger kids. The weather in the last month has been hit and miss out there with sandstorms and lots of rain and about 5 degrees cooler than normal.There is enough space to walk around with a pushchair (ideally when you're trying to get the little one off to sleep) and although there are plenty of steps, there is always someone around to help you.The staff were all fantastic - so good with our little girl and were so helpful and polite.Most of the restaurants were fine with kids, although later on in the evening you didn't see many around. Ours was asleep in the puschair for a couple of evening and they were fine. Bussola is lovely downstairs (didn't go upstairs as it was open air and the evenings were still a bit chilly). Barasti is great for early tea for kids or later on for adults, or just as a bar. It gets packed on Thurs, Fri and Sat early eve so I'd book a table.We ventured to Madanat (a quick ride in the taxi) one evening and had a meal at The Meat Co. Great steaks there. Loads of restaurants to choose from but again I'd advise booking unless you want to wait half an hour or so. Its not particularly pushchair friendly though due to lots of steps, but its a nice setting.All in all, we had a great time. My husband was dubious about going however had said that he'd definitely go back.I've recommend this hotel 100%!	
Feb 7 2008	Brill	I have been in a lot of hotels and this is right up there. We always stay at the hotel or if we don't we come all day to the beach club for only £15 per person! The hotel is great. Good rooms. Great beach rooms. The only downside is if you don't get an ocean view you will be overlooking a building site like all the other hotels in the Jumeirah end of Dubai (Such as: Hilton, Sheration, Royal Meridian). There is hardly any noise though so don't be put off. This is a brilliant hotel that I would highly recommend for anyone!The resturants at the hotel have lovely food,There are 3 pools,One really long beach,and loads of sun!	
Jan 18 2008 	5 Star Without the Snobs!	For those of you out there who are trawling through trip advisor looking for help.I really hope this review will help make that right decision.I went through the same process and I think that generally people have summed up this hotel pretty well.My wife and I are in our early 30,s down to earth proffessional people and fairly well travelled.My wife 2 year old daughter and Istayed here for 10nights from 3rd January08 in a sea view room on Half Board and found the hotel to be pretty good.Staff-probably the very best you will come across in a hotel very friendly and they really do appear to enjoy working there.Rooms- ok size not small but not massive very clean mini bar and all the usual nothing over the top technology wise just basiclly a TV no dvd player ,satalite channels not that many worth there salt but you dont go to Dubai to watch TV!Room Service-superbFood-The Dhow(Fish restaurant) excellent Barasti(snacks and european) Good Horizon- very similar menu to barasti Waves-Buffet(themed each night) Good Tsangs-Japanese-didnt eat there heard mixed reportsDrinks are approx £3.50 bottle of beer ,£4.00 short,bottle of wine starts £18.00(all quite cheap compared to other hotels we visited)Personally I would go B&amp;B rather than HB or AI as there so many good restaurants in Dubai we felt a bit tied to HB some days and wished we had had the flexibility to eat when and where ever we wanted .Beach-very good dont think you will find much better ,waiter service was excellentThe hotel will not give you a wow factor when you walk in like some hotels in Duabi but it is very well kept and run,has a excellent beach location with some good restaurants and has a very nice vibe with mostly what I would call &quot;normal&quot; middle class crowd with 1 or 2 very well heeled guests.Very soon the very stylish looking Westin hotel next door (same chain as Mina Sehayi) will open which you will have access to as they will share the main Italian restaurant(Bussola-closed for refurbishment for our stay) which I would expect will add to the desirability of the Mina.Apparently the new hotel opens in April and then later on this year the Mina Sehayi will undergo a facelift(not that it really needs it!).To summarize all in all a good hotel I honestly dont think anyone could dislike it.The only thing I would say is if all you want is glitz and glamour and to be surrounded with very well heeled guests with sports cars parked outside dont stay here, but if service,beach,relaxation and a decent choice of food is important I would think there cant be much better without paying silly money for it. I would say the Mina Seyahi gives everything you should expect from a 5 star hotel with the exception of the staff as they really are a cut above.Would I stay here again?...Yes but we will probably try somewhere else first to make a comparison as there are so many good hotels in Dubai.But I can whole heartedly reccomend it.Hope this helps!	
Jan 16 2008 	Excellent place to celebrate christmas and unwind	We can't rate the hotel enough. The all inclusive package is the best that my husband and I have ever had, and we are seasoned travellers - it certainly beat any all inclusive packages in the caribbean that we've had. I am a gin drinker and was surprised to see Bombay Sapphire gin as part of the all inclusive -there were many other international brands too. We were extremely glad we took all inclusive otherwise it is very expensive - for internal audit purposes we were having to sign for everything and 3 soft drinks were approximately £9! A beer is about £5 a pint. Food also is pricey - so go all inclusive it's well worth it.The hotel staff were the most helpful staff we've ever had - nothing is too much trouble for them. The lobby bar staff were particularly friendly, especially Snow and Sangeeta. The hotel had a classical pianist and violinist playing in the lobby bar every other night and they were excellent! The hotel food was marvellous - there was such a variety of food each day. Food in the Dow restaurant was superb. Tangs was certainly an experience - myself and my son hated the food but my husband loved it - don't let it put you off though as you have to eat there just for the experience. The Waves buffet restaurant was superb too. The swimming pool was lovely as too was the beach - the sea really is crystal clear. The hotel was so clean and the rooms were a very generous size. We spent christmas at this hotel, the last 3 years we've gone to Egypt, this far excelled any christmas we've had there. We even got a traditional christmas dinner on christmas eve (with crackers) and another on christmas day - complete with christmas pudding! The christmas decorations were really beautiful too. All in all we had a fantastic time, in fact usually on holiday it takes us a week to unwind at this hotel we did it in 24 hours! I can't rate the hotel enough and definately want to go back one day. It's more than worth it's 5 stars!	
Jan 14 2008 	not so great	dear All,we've been visiting this hotel from 25 12 2007 till 03 01 2008I must say we are a bit dissapointed. The rooms were ok, but the bathrooms were not updated as it should be for a five star, and the showers didn't work properly, too hot or too cold water but never normal.The eating space for breakfast and evening buffet was really bad. It felt like sitting in an old school refter and without any kind of warmth, wasn't cosy at all. Too less choice in foods for people who came not from the UK!!!I felt I was an intruder in this 'English ' hotel. By the way , a lot of these people have no manners, no style, and they are extremely loud and noisy all the time.the swimming pool supposed to be heated but it was fricken cold. And then you have the BOB the builders sites. All over the beach , day and night.One thing have to be told: the personell , especially the cleaning staff , was extremely skilled and polite. Our rooms were always very clean.....etcetera.A family from Belgium	
Jan 4 2008 	A Great Hotel	Anyone planning a winter holiday to Dubai would do well to stay at this wonderful hotel. My family stayed six nights in December and were made very welcome throughout. Very comfortable from the moment we first arrived and checked in right until we left. The hotel is situated near the Marina and has a great sandy beach right outside. Best service we've had in many years and families are made very welcome. Guests mainly from UK and a surprising number of Russians. The food was excellent and everywhere was very clean.But a word of warning - don't try to walk along the main road at the end of the driveway - no paved areas in this part of town. Get a taxi into town (Dhr20) and explore. Don't bother with Wild Wadi Water Park unless you have small children. Rides aren't thrilling and queues everywhere (and also quite expensive). Instead, lie back and relax at this truly wonderful hotel.	
Jan 3 2008 	Loved it!	My Boyfriend and I stayed at the Le Meridien Mina Seyahi Beach Resort and Marina, Dubai in October 2007 for his 21st Birthday and loved every second! From check in to check out we had an amazing time and no complaints what so ever. The rooms were spacious with comfortable beds and a nice sized balcony, we had a sea view room and could see Palm Island being built up (which looked strange as it is like seeing diggers in the middle of the sea) saying this it did not spoil the view in the slightest. Looking to the right from the balcony you see the figure of the Burj. And to the left loads of beautiful boats and endless sea line. The bathroom was a very good size, with complimentary toiletries. The rooms were very clean with the towels changed daily. Complimentary slippers and dressing gown for your stay. I must say I loved the Harribo sweets left on your pillow every day too! Ha.Breakfast was included in the deal and we were not disappointed. There was a great selection of food available. Pancakes are highly recommended. The beach was lovely and clean. Plenty of sun beds available. Waiters coming round offering drinks (I believe food too although we never ordered any) which were much needed in the heat! The pool area did seem to be busier however there were plenty of sun beds on the grass. The pool was freezing!! But very refreshing and the swim up bar was defiantly something we took advantage of. Cabs from the hotel were very quick as I do believe there is a very small taxi rank like place on the hotel premises. Cabs were very cheap; we paid about £20 for one from the airport to the hotel. We packed so much in to our trip, one of the most enjoyable things was the Desert Safari, and it’s a must!!! It’s brilliant! The dune bashing was scary but enjoyable, watching the sun set over the dunes was a great experience and not to be missed, the food was good too with load to choose from, even for me and I’m a fussy eater. This trip is a must! But the best thing we did by far was go to the Madinat Jumeirah Hotel to eat in a Chinese restaurant called Zheng He’s. We had to get a water taxi through the water way and the views were what I can only describe as breathtaking and amazing! The Food was the best that I have ever tasted. There was entertainment from a stand in the middle of the water way with singers performing a range of soft songs. If you can go there please do, its not that expensive but it worth every single penny! You will also get a spectacular view of the Burj.I can not recommend this hotel enough! We are already thinking about returning there this year and can not wait! Please do not hesitate in booking this hotel, it might not be a 7* hotel but its brilliant!	
Dec 30 2007 	Wonderful hotel beach and gardens	This hotel has a great garden/pool and private beach. We had a ocean-facing club floor room with a balcony, and right in front of us is the Palm Jumeirah, still under construction. The view is just beautiful and I'm happy that I stayed here right on the beach.The room is very comfortable and large. The bathroom is quiet nice. The breakfast at the club lounge was excellent.My only warning is to stay away from Tang, the molecular gastronomy restaurant in the hotel. I love molecular gastronomy, but I hated this restaurant with a passion. Everything about it got on my nerves.	
Dec 12 2007 	Perfect	I spent with my wife and with my daughter in June 2007, 15 days in Le Meridien Mina Seyahi. The hotel is centrally located on Jumeirah beach near the new Dubai Marina. The new Dubai Marina and the Marina Walk are in walking distance. The large shopping centers &quot;Mall of the Emirates&quot; and &quot;Ibn Battuta Mall&quot; can be reached by car in a few minutes. Taxis are very cheap in Dubai, the hotel also provides a shuttle service to the major shopping malls. Recommended value is the limusine service of the hotel.The hotel has its 5-stars fully deserved. It is not overly opulent but luxurious. You feel immediately comfortable. The staff is professional, competent, friendly and always strives to the guest. The pool area, beach and gardens are very well maintained. Beach couches are available in sufficient numbers. The sea is despite the nearby Palm Jumeirah very clean. The service on the beach an hotel garden is great. In the hotel, there are several restaurants, all with excellent cuisine.  &quot;Waves&quot;, the International Restaurand serves avery good breakfast, and a daily changing lunch and dinner buffet. (very good) In addition, there is 1 french, 2 italian, a pool and seafood restaurant. In front of the Hotel is the Barasti bar with live music. We had a room with a balcony and sea view. From the balcony, we had a great view of the beach and the Palm Jumeirah. In the evening we saw the construction of the lighted building sites on the Palm Jumeirah . Construction site noise was not audible. The rooms are beautifully furnished with everything you need. minibar, TV, playstation, safe, bathrobes, slippers, toiletry etc. The room cleaning was done several times a day. In the evening the take you a little attention on your bed, was very nice.We spent really beautiful days in this hotel can recommend the Le Meridien Mina Seyahi without restrictions. We will surely soon be returned to the hotel .	
Dec 12 2007 	the perfect week for a batter recharge	booked all inclusive stay through last minute although did it back in August so not very last min!!hotel fab in every respect from the cold towels on arrival to the pina coladas bought direct to the sun lonuger to the great meals at both the Dhow (sushi) and Tang (asian french fusion!)the weather helped being 30 degrees every day and 21 every evening with the pool and the sea a perfect temperature.beach so clean - not a fag butt or a piece of seaweed in sightcannot recommed this hotel highly enough will definitely be back when a weeks battery recharge required!!.	
Nov 8 2007 	Fun in Dubai	My girlfriend and I recently stayed at Le Meridien Mina for 5 nights to celebrate my 30th birthday. I prearranged airport transfer with the hotel which was great. After getting through immigration and collecting our luggage we were quickly taken to a brand new Range Rover and given iced towels and water. Just what we needed. We stayed in a deluxe sea view room which was a good size. The bed was extremely comfortable and huge. Haribo bears were left on your pillow each evening during the turn down service and also a weather forcast for the following day.We ate at Tang restaurant on our first evening as we couldn't get a table in the dhow restaurant. This was an experience! Japanese and French &quot;Fusion.&quot; We love food but i would only recommend this for the brave. My girlfriend ordered lamb for her main course and i ordered steak. The lamb arrived wrapped in the middle of a ball of candy floss and my steak had been boiled in a bag for 35minutes!! Not quite Heston Blumenthal!! Breakfasts were really good with a real variety of foods on offer. The beach location of the hotel is its greatest asset and the Barasti beach bar was really cool. A great place to drink cocktails and watch the sun go down whilst listening to cool tunes.Taxis or hotel cars are almost instantly there and we had no trouble getting to Gordon Ramsay's Verre restaurant (amazing) or to the Burj for afternoon tea (a must). We also purchased tickets for Wild Wadi water park from the info centre in the hotel reception. This saves on queuing at the park. Overall this is a great hotel which we managed to get at a reasonable price. If your looking for out and out luxury this is probably not the hotel (or price range) for you but it is of a very good standard.	
Nov 5 2007 	reasonably good by dubai 5 star standards	My wife, daughter and I have just spent 6 days at le Meridien. We have stayed in other Dubai hotels, including the Grand Hyatt and Grosvenor House. We stayed in a Superior Club Room with a Seaview. The room was a corner room and had great views. The down side was that it was above the Barasti bar which was pretty noisy on two or three of the nights that we were there. My daughter certainly didnt object though and rated the Bar quite highly.The club lounge was OK for breakfast but the Happy Hour was anything but. The drinks were OK but the atmosphere was dead ,perhaps contributed to by the lack of canapes compared with other hotels we have stayed in. They were in short pathetic and not what you would expect having paid extra in a hotel of this class. The staff in the lounge were very friendly and helpful but something has to be done about the lounge itself if they are to compete with similar hotels.The restaurants were OK but the choice was a little limited.The big plus for the hotel was the beach location which was excellent.All in all a pleasant stay but there are areas which can improve. We would stay there again for the location but whether we would pay extra for the Club lounge is another matter	
Oct 26 2007 	A Great Choice for a Family Holiday	Just back from the Mina Seyahi where we stayed for a week with family and friends. We booked the all-inclusive option which for a group of 5 adults and 3 kids was a good idea. Wide and varied variety of excellent food and 'mainstream brand' drinks. Upgraded to Royal Club rooms which were a bit tight for that extra child's bed. Noise from the Barasti bar in the evenings was a real nuisance- the bar empties around 2.30am. If you have never been to Dubai before you would rate the service in this hotel as excellent. If you had been and stayed somewhere like the Royal Meridien you would grade it as good- somewhat tatty mattresses on the sunloungers, slow pool service and overly casual reception staff, but other than these minor gripes, an excellent choice for a family holiday.	
Oct 12 2007 	Amazing!	I agree with all of the previous reviews, this place is great.Theres a great choice of restaurants on site including Tang (expensive but one of those one off eating experiences that you won't repeat) Baristi Bar (Relaxed Ibiza type vibe especially in the evening with DJ and lots of 20-30 something ex-pats) and Waves (nice and cheap by the pool for club sandwiches etc at lunch).The breakfast was nice and the variety changed every day, there was a great choice of all types of worldy breakfast foods on offer but i would generally go for the full english followed by some light pastries and a coffee.Location wise, i don't think you would find better. Situated at the base of the palm jumeirah the hotel is placed centrally to many of the other quality hotels such as the grosvenor and the one and only royal mirage, and the Burj Al Arab is only a £2-00 cab journey away should you wish to book a meal or drinks there. The beach is great with a lovely warm sea that stretches for a good distance within the confides of the hotel and isn't particularly busy, and the pools are great with a swim up bar in the infinity pool. The Emirates mall with it's indoor ski slope is also nice and close (again a cheap taxi trip, about £4-00 each way).The staff were fantastic and couldn't be more attentive even going as far as tripping each other up to light your cigarette for you if they see you putting it in your mouth. They also remembered us each day which was a nice touch.The rooms are nice enough to stay in comfortably for a week with nice high ceilings and great views of the palm on the beach side, especially on the higher floors.My only gripe to be honest was nothing to do with the hotel it was with some of the other british guests. Although i do think this is a general problem with Dubai at the moment, everyone seems to look down on one another as if you aren't good enough to stay there and if you happen to go down for breakfast not dripping with diamonds and without your gucci shades or minolo blahniks on, woe be tired you.	
Oct 7 2007 	Great Hotel	At first this hotel strikes you as a typical corporate affair with all the formallity and appearance of a hotel that caters for business travellers.However, under that corporate surface, lies a great resort hotel that serves great food, is easy to relax in and serves holidaymakers equally well.The facilities like the pool and beach are excellent and the bars and restaurants are varied and superb. Of particular note 'Tang' is a food experience not to be missed - and 'Waves' serves a great variety of food all day long (and superb widely varied breakfasts) Dubai is currently 'under construction' and the development next door to the hotel is nearing completion (or so it looked) - this meant that one of the hotels restaurants (Bussola) was closed for our visit. However this construction didn't affect our stay and there was plenty of choices for places to eat.	
Sep 26 2007 	Simply Excellent	My wife and I stayed here for 2wks on a fully inclusive basis throught Thomas Cooks from 8-22 Sept (including Ramadam) each i will deal with in turn.The Hotel itself is fab and every bit as good as its site and previous reviews. The staff are professional, friendly and very helpful.We had a delux sea view room which was a good size plenty of storage space and very clean - room service twice a day. We had some excellent sunset views. The Food is out of this world and the choice is very good - Waves is hard to beat it has a brilliant range for breakfast, lunch and dinner and the staff are really friendly and there is a lovely lady called Grace whom we found extremely helpful. Hoizon is a pool side bar for lunches - small menu but the food again was excellent. Barasti is out door a mixed menu, food very good only problem we found was it was a bit disorganised at times mainly cause of its design. The Dhow is very good (as we were all inclusive we had a limited menu here) but again lovely staff and the food was 1st class. The Tang is a real eating experince - unique presentation and taste, may not be to everyones liking but exceptional. The lobby bar just does snacks (but has a good cocktail menu). There is also Ciros not owned by the hotel and to be honest I would not recommend it at all, bit rough looking, poor food and service not great - we felt it let the rest of the hotel down.The Beach - is out of this world - white sand, clear blue sea, loads of sunloungers (could do with more parasols) - you are given a clean beach towel every day and staff help you pick a lounger and set up - there is a guy Tun who works on the beach and hes is just lovely and really helpful. The temp was bout 40 degrees when we were there, the sea was 30 degrees and the pool was 28. Ramadam - was an interesting experince althought when I go back I would not stay during ramadam, i found it unnerving as a westerner also the hotel would only serve alcohol via room service (not part of the all inclusive package) and the lobby bar does not servce alcohol at all during this period. We also found the service when we ordered alcohol very slow not sure if some staff had difficulty in serving alcohol during this period but this was a very minor pointAll inclusive I would recommend, eating and drinking out can be very expensive and also due to the location you need to get a taxi to other hotels as you cant exactly stroll along and look at other options. This is about the hotel so I wont refer to our Thomas Cook experince. Regarding the building works - yes Dubai is the biggest building site in the world but this will not interfere with your stay. A sister hotel is being build due to complete in January 08 not sure how this will impact on the Mena Seyahi but hopefully enhance itIn conclusion I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel - you are sure to enjoy the hotel and the experince	
Sep 17 2007 	Excellent All Round	Stayed here for 10 nights in September for our Honeymoon.Stayed in a Sea View Royal Club Room.Arrived at Dubai airport and went to Le Meridien desk for our private transfer to hotel. Told to take a seat while they called our car. Arrived within 2-3 minutes. (Had already pre-booked with hotel as part of royal club room package).Driver was very professional and friendly, offered us ice cold Evian and cold face towels - A godsend after the 40 degree Dubai heat (even from the airport to the car across the road). Arrived at the hotel and our bags were taken care of for us, reception welcomed us in and offered us a seat. Realising we were booked into one of the Royal Club Rooms we were ushered up to the ninth floor to a private concierge for check-in.Again, very polite and welcoming. Offered us something cold to drink. We knew that having taken a night flight into Dubai the room wouldn't be available until 2pm (8am at this point) - all the hoteks work like this, you need to book an extra nights accomodation if you want to guarantee the room. However, our room was made available to us right away and after taking a quick breakfast were able to catch up on some sleep for a couple of hours to adjust.The room was average size, air con, very large bed (larger than king) with soft cotton sheets and duvet etc, small sofa and coffee table positioned next to full length windows. Great size bathroom with large round bath, separate power shower. 2 chairs on balcony. (Room very clean as was the whole place).Later that day we had fresh fruit, chocolates, bottle of red wine, and nibbles delivered to the room (not requested but probably because we were on honeymoon).Housekeeping is very good, one of the best I've come across. They'll come mid-morning and change the bed sheets and towels and clean thrioughout. They come again late afternoon just to check that you're ok for towels and if need be do another turn down service. Then early evening they come again, another turn down service but this time leaving packets of haribo gummy sweets on your pillow along with the weather forecast for the next day and a fresh flower. They don't hassle you if you're in the room, most of the time they come while you're out.Pool area is very large with lots of sun loungers with thick padded mattresses spread around the pool and perfectly manicured gardens. Lots of shaded areas if wanted plus plenty of parasols. Hotel provides fresh clean pool towels every day. Although a family hotel pool is very quiet and relaxing (but see more comments below). Beach is largest private stretch of beach on Jumeirah Beach, and is kept in pristine condition. Good facilities too - watersports etc - see hotel website for full list.Restaurants are Ciros's Pomodoro (Italian), Dhow (Seafood and Sushi), Tang (French meets Oriental), Horizon (Daytime snacks by the pool), Bussola (Pizzeria), Waves (A la Carte / Themed Buffet everyday). All hotels serve excellent food. Alcohol is a little pricey especially wine as is the case in Dubai. Bars in hotel are as above plus Lounge Bar (Casual bar in the hotel lobby), Barasti (one of the best bars in Dubai according to all good guidebooks - down by the waters edge over 4 floors).Going to have to sum this up I think...Hotel is what I would call a relaxed 5*, in the sense that it's not uber classy and somewhere you're made to feel uneasy at times. It's very friendly and family freiendly also.Wherever you go throughout the hotel every member of staff says hello. They can't do enough for you, very attentive and friendly.As mentioned we booked a Sea View Royal Club Room.Royal Club entitles you to the following...-Slightly larger room-Private airport transfers-Complimentary newspaper each morning---Access to Royal Club Lounge on 9th floor:-Complimentary Tea &amp; Coffee, Snacks, Cakes, Savouries served 3pm-5pm every day.-Free Alcolholic drinks and Canapes served 5:30-7:30 every day-Free Internet Access-Private ConciergeRecommended if you're going to take advantage of these.However, do you need a sea view room? We thought we did and paid a little (a lot) extra for this because we, like most, enjoy sitting on the balcony and having a drink etc etc. The heat over there is just too much to sit outside, it's much more comfortable to be inside where it's air conditioned. So, the sea view room only came in handy for looking out of the window during the short space of time we were in the room. Given the fact it gets dark at 6:30pm too if you're out all day, a sea view room is probably not worth the money. The other side of the hotel looks out on to the 'city'. It is a building site at the moment, but a fascinating building site at that - and no, the work doesn't pose any problems for guests in the hotel with noise etc so don't worry about that.Be aware of this though. Thursday and Friday is Dubai's weekend. With most places closed on a Friday all the ex pats (and there are a lot of them) Brits, Australians, Americans, Irish, all descend on to Dubai's beachfront hotels with their families for the day. Friday is very very busy and noisy by the pool and in the hotel restaurants. All hotels are affected and my advice would be to take off to the Mall of Emirates shopping on a Friday (unuasually, it's one of the few places open and until midnight).Other tips...Don't walk anywhere, it's too hot. Take a taxi they're readily available and very cheap.If you're travelling from the hotel end of Dubai towards Deirah (old town), the Creek, anywhere that way, then leave no later than 5:30pm otherwise you'll get caught in the evening traffic and a 15 min journey will easily take over an hour.Lots of good bars and restaurants within the hotels, Grosvenor House (2 mins by taxi) by the Marina has some excellent bars and restaurants - Bar 44, Buddha Bar, Sloanes.For fake goods go to Karama (Al Karama). There is one shop I think called Bags For You within the souk area and it really is the only place you need to go for hand bags, purses, wallets, watches, pens, belts. Don't be put off by the 'Downtown Baghdad' look of the area, it is what is but the people as with everywhere there are very friendly. Also if they ask you to go with them to their showroom don't be afraid, it feels a bit dodgy but they're not supposed to display fakes in stores so have to keep them separate. Prices - Offer them half what they ask then barter from there.	
Sep 3 2007 	Excellent Hotel	i stayed at this hotel with a friend and partially booked it based on previous tripadvisor reviews. We were definitely not disappointed and i join in with everyone else in saying what an excellent hotel this is.Firstly the staff were extremely freindly and helpful and seemed to want to do all that they could to make our stay a great one. We arrived at the hotel at 3.30am after a long line of flight delays and being abandoned at the airport by our airport transfer so needless to say when we eventually reached the hotel we were tired and a bit peeved. We were offered a complementary drink and snack and a warm handtowel for our face and hands, which was just what we needed.Our room was big with a double and single bed (bigger than a UK single i think). The beds were very comfaortable and the bathroom was lovely and clean.The breakfast was excellent with something for everyone, we definitely weren't disappointed. The beach was also excellent though i did feel that the new plam island theyv'e built probably blocks what would have been a lovely view out to the sea (a minor complaint though). The pictures of the hotel are acurate and what you see is definitely what you get (unlike some other hotels). You will not be disappointed by your stay here and i would highly recommend it for everyone and anyone.	
Aug 15 2007 	Loved the hotel shame about overly commercialised Dubai	This is the fourth time i have visited Dubai. Sadly Dubai has become overly commercialised beyond belief and isnow devoid of all culture but I will try not to incorporate my negative feelingsabout the city in my review.The Meridien was as excellent as it was two years ago. We were upgraded uponarrival to a corner club room and were shocked at its size (almost the same asour entire two bedroomed London flat!) Decor was quite simple but had everythingwe needed. The bathroom was huge by hotel standards and being on the end of thecorridor we felt as if we had the hotel to ourselves as we didn't even so muchas hear another guest.The balcony was enormous but due to the tremendous heat and humidity we didn'tspend as much time there as we would have liked.We were on a half board package which was exceptional value. The second meal ofthe day can be taken as either lunch or dinner which gave us great flexibilitiy.The food in summary is out of this world. The Waves restaurant was best visitedat lunchtime as it was almost empty and we had an enormous buffet practically toourselves. We normally prefer a la carte for quality but this excelled. Forsomeone with a sweet tooth the desserts were a feast for the senses - theylooked like works of art and tasted phenomenal. If you're a calorie counter thenforget it! (although the fresh fruit choices are amazing too).Unfortunately the hotel seems to be trying to get extra revenue through a fewunfortunate ways - 1) by promoting itself as a business meeting point (so oftenat lunch we were surrounded by external people having business meetings - hotelstaff included used the restaurant as a meeting room); 2) Expat health club membership has rocketed and often the hotel was swarming with day visitors. The worst dayis Friday when entire expat families take over the hotel grounds. 3) The bar atnight (Barasti) has become an expat evening hang-out so every night weencountered lots of drunken expats- really sad for an Islamiccountry and especially sad to see how much Dubai has declined in only two years. Whereas in the morning the pool chairs were sparsely spread, by midday,guests had dragged them from all over the grounds to the infinity pool and laidthem side by side leaving little or no room to move. It didn't help that thefreeform pool was being renovated so hopefully that problem has been resolvednow.The hotel staff were excellent - one waiter even remembered us from two yearsbefore. Staff were always completely obliging and went the extra mile (with theexception of the pool staff however)We spent every evening outside the hotel. Karama still remains my favouriteplace - it has the charm that the rest of the city has lost. Everywhere else isjust an urban jungle with undertones of greed and vulgarity. Would we stay again? Definitely but not at this time of year. It will be a longtime before we return to Dubai and when we do we need to detach ourselves fromfeeling sad about its lost culture.	
Aug 14 2007 	Top class hotel with excellent staff	Le Meridien Mina SayahiMorgans family of 4, from South Wales May 2007Arrived 6am not expecting to be able to check in but delighted to find rooms were available after the flight. As brochure suggested whilst checking in we were all served cold drinks and fresh fruit and most refreshing of all cold/wet face-cloths.We had adjoining land view rooms which were very spacious and very comfortably furnished.The staff really could not do enough for you and the pool bar is a real oasis in such a warm climate.Other than breakfast which was always good and too much to choose from we ate out on most occasions but did dine in the Italian restaurant 1 evening and the service and food quality was top class.Lovely pool and close access to beautiful white sandy beach with very safe water for toddlers.Would thoroughly recommend this hotel and will certainly return as we have reserved an apartment under construction at the nearby marina. So glad we invested in a place out there.Do not be put off by people who complain of the construction. The noise we hardly noticed and if you know Dubai you know it is under going major construction development that is providing an exciting future.	
Aug 11 2007 	wow wicked	What can we say we had a fantastic holiday at the Mina. We loved the Dhow restaurant great seafood especially sushi. The staff are fantastic nothing was too much for them. Rooms lovely and big. Staff really spoiled us. Words cannot say enough fantastic holiday and definately going back.	
Aug 9 2007 	Superb .. def be back	Stayed here for 10 nights in July, my two daughters also stayed here the following 10 days to myself. Staff were all very friendly and very very helpful, food was fantastic..nicely presented, plenty of choice, even the most fussy eaters wont have a problem here (my daughter didnt and she's very picky) .. (dont eat here if you watching your figure... unless watching it grow !!) Just cannot fault the hotel at all, the gardens, the pool area, the beach .. everywhere was spotlessly clean.. Most definitely will be going back .. already searching for good deal for short break later in year and 2 weeks next year.	
Jul 24 2007 	Amazing!	Le Meridien Mina Seyahi is an amazing place. The food is out of this world, the rooms wonderful, the staff, so helpful and courteous I almost felt embarrased everytime they called me 'sir'. Where do I start?! The beach is lovely, pretty much seaweed free, lovely white sand, and small waves....it was a tad on the warm side; most days the sea temperature was about 34 degrees, but it was nice to get in the sea and not wince at how cold it was! The pools are lovely too, with a great pool bar, and there are more than enough sunbeds to go around; not many around the pool, but loads on the grassed areas around it. Now the food; wow. Absolutely wonderful. I'm quite a fussy eater, but found myself eating Mongolian, traditional middle eastern and many other types of food I hadn't tried before, and enjoyed them all! I couldn't recommend the food enough, it really was the best I'd ever tried. My favourite part of the hotel by far though was the Barasti bar. Very chilled out, lovely cold drinks, and great music, in the best surroundings for a bar I've ever been in made for a great experience. We were here every evening until at least midnight. Thursdays and Fridays made for a more upbeat alternative too! The only critisisms I have for the hotel are as follows. We arrived at 0730 in the morning and were told by the person on reception that our all inclusive option did not start until 1400. Therefore we couldn't have breakfast and had to wait until lunch. When it got to 1200 and we were absolutely starving, we went and spoke to the guest relations officer and asked if we could pay to have lunch early and were told we could indeed have eaten breakfast. When challenged on this, the receptionist lied and said she told us we could have eaten breakfast. We were completely disgusted with this, and not impressed at all with her attitude, but she was, in all honestly, the only unhelpful staff member we witnessed all holiday. The other complaint I have is that not everything at this hotel is all inclusive. For example, beer wise, the hotel serves Heineken, Fosters, Tiger, Corona, Warsteiner, and a number of other beers. BUT, only Heineken and Fosters is all inclusive. Another example is that they serve a number of Vodkas, but only Finlandia is all inclusive. When you ask for a 'vodka and coke', they will often give you Smirnoff (not realising you are all inclusive as you are not given bands), and when you get the bill to sign, it will say Smirnoff on it. But in fairness, everytime this happened we questioned the staff on it, and they changed it straight away. But I'm just being picky; this place is wonderful and I would love to come back next year. If you're planning to go here; go for it, you'll have the time of your lives....but make sure you go all inclusive though; we worked out we would have spent over £1200 on food and drink in the ten days we were there if not! Enjoy!	
Jul 12 2007 	Will be back!	Arrived 2am on the 2nd July very tired after travelling all day, but our first impressions of the hotel were very good the staff at check in were very courteous and we were able to get something to eat in the resturant, unfortunately our room did not have a balcony but they changed us the next day to a room with a balcony while we were on the beach. We were on a HB basis and found the food was varied with plenty to choose from, would advise to take lunch instead some days and head out at night for something different as you are very confined in the hotel. The staff were very polite and could not do enough for us, even putting our towels on the sun beds for us, we found the staff in the dining room a little over attentive, removing your plate as you put your last spoonful of food in your mouth got to be a little bit annoying by the end of our stay. The rooms are cleaned and checked at least 3 times a day with little packs of gummybears left on your pillow each night along with the temperature for the next day, each morning a paper was left on your door, my husband enjoyed this little touch. All in all we enjoyed our stay and would definately go back again.	
Jul 7 2007	brilliant hotel	First visit to dubai it was a beautiful place the hotel was exellent the food was amazing we had all inclusive and all food was included nothing extra to pay we stayed in a royal club room with a sea view the rooms were spottlessley clean the staff were very friendly if you have never been to dubai it is another world it is beautiful	
Jul 4 2007 	Fab hotel 	We had approx 10 nights at this hotel. There were building works taking place next door + you could see cranes in the distance but this did not spoil our holiday at all. We paid BB but received a free upgrade to HB for 5 nights which was really nice, we chose to eat at the lunch time and the food was fantastic and loads of choice considering we are both vegetarians. What a great hotel, we were so impressed with the quality of service, grounds, beach. All the facilities were to a very high standard. We could not fault this hotel in any way, I would go back again and again!!!!	
Jun 27 2007 	Loved this Hotel	We stayed at this hotel in June '07. The overall standard of this Hotel was excellent. Located right on the beach with lovely safe outdoor swimming pools. Staff very helpful for making excursion bookings etc.. we had room with lovely seaview and it was spotless, standard of service excellent. Food and Buffet breakfast at the hotel were second to none. Overall Highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 27 2007 	Good value stay	Stayed here in May for 4 days. Overall i was very impressed, the staff we very friendly and the rooms whilst far from spectacular are more than adequate. It looked like a good hotel for families too with a covered kids pool and kids club. If its out and out luxury you are after then dont stay here, try any of the numerous other hotels availabe at twice the price but for a decent value family stay or guys/gals weekend its to be seriously considered.	
Apr 16 2007 	wonderfull hotel	Just like to say this hotel is great we went for five nights in april with a party of nine one infant age fourteen months the kids playground has got everything you can think of. ate at all resterants all superb.gardens lovely and spacious loads of sun beds in the gardens and on the beach some building work but heard nothing and think this hotel is in the best position furThes away from building work on this road all staff very pleasent and efficent.rooms very clean, room service exelent,breakfast good choice,the childrens pool good with canopy over so the children dont get sun on their heads.water sports good and reasonable,our son-inlaw is a PE teacher and used the gymn thought the eqiptment was above average . nice marina next door will definatly go again	
Mar 1 2007 	Excellent Service!	Stayed here on a stopover for a couple of days. Can't fault the hotel, facilities all excellent. All the staff were really friendly and helpfull and upgraded us to a better room on arrival.The breakfasts had a huge choice and were very good. Water sports staff were excellent and very accomodating when we wanted to go water skiing - also took us out for a tour of Dubai by sea - good way to see it. Went all around the Palm which is being built in front of the hotel, and up to the Burj and various other places of interest. The hotel is not one of the newest or trendiest but was good value and in a good location. There's a free shuttle bus to the Mall of the Emirates which goes there and back a few times every day - they are building a bigger version right next door but that is what Dubai is all about!	
Jan 22 2007	Great For Kids	The hotel is one of the older and smaller properties in Dubai, though located near(ish) the Emirates Mall. If you are looking for a modern, swanky hotel, this is not the place to go. We picked it because it was meant to be fairly baby-friendly and it did not disappoint on that front, as our 1-year old had lots of fun. Facilities are, on average, good. Top marks for the Penguin children’s club; it might not look like much but it has just about everything a child would want to have fun. The hotel rooms are ok, but nothing to write home about; once you factor in a baby cot and a stroller the room begins to feel a bit cramped. (The other big negative is that the towels felt a bit like sand paper and the hotel could use newer deck chairs on the beach). The gym is absolutely top notch and one of the best hotel gyms we’ve been too. (Is it mainly because it is also open to non-hotel guests??).Staff are, by and large, very friendly, helpful and accommodating, which always makes a difference if you are traveling with a little on. However, unfortunately you do come across some staff that are just going through the motions. The majority of the restaurants in the hotel are good but you have to be picky. Ciro’s Pomodoro is top notch for Pizza’s. Barasti and Horizon are very good for snacks and light bites. Tang has some very very interesting food, but if you go for quantity rather than quality, you might be disappointed. On the negative side, service at Bussola was an absolute joke and the food was not too far behind. Although we did not try it, it seems that the Dhow does not get very good reviews either. Yes, there is a lot of construction going on, but after a while you get used to the background noise and sort of tune it out. However, to be fair, we were in the middle of the hotel, which is as far away from any construction noise as you can get. (Frankly, I don't know how one can avoid construction noise in Dubai).In summary, although it does not have the wow factor, it is a perfectly good and safe choice particularly if you are going there with little ones.	
Jan 12 2007 	Don't worry about the builders!!	My wife and I stayed here for a week starting on 02/01/07. It was our first trip to the Gulf. Our plan was to totally relax in luxury after 4 hard months at work. We succeeded in every way! We booked a Royal Club Seaview suite which was excellently appointed. Complimentary internet,cd,dvd,satelite tv,shoe shine, turndown service plus an amazing bathroom with large oval bath tub! Having a Royal club room entitled us to exclusive access to the Royal club lounge on the floor above (9th). In the lounge you have your own conceige advisor who certainly managed to pull a few strings for us such as short notice reservations at the Burj Al Arab(normally booked up 6 weeks in advance during the Dubai shopping festival) and Al Qasr Hotel restaurants. Also in the lounge you are served complimentary breakfast, afternoon tea and sundowner cocktails with canapes. The view from the lounge terrace and our room was of the sea and the Palm Island construction. Do not worry about the building works. It really isn't causing any hindrance or disturbance. There is some work going on next door to the hotel but again the noise is distant - I fell asleep on the beach everyday! I recommend the hotels Tang restaurant - fantastic french -japanese fusion cuisine, Ciro Pomodoro does lovely pizzas! My favorite at this hotel is the Barasti bar at night - probably the most popular outdoor bar in Dubai. It is situated by the new marina and has a cracking atmosphere. In summary this is a wonderful hotel where the staff are so friendly and helpful. I cannot believe it is not in the top ten hotels. Exceptionally well priced and good value! We will return.	
Dec 10 2006	Nice place to stay	Nice older hotel for dubai soon to be replaced by a new development so it will be a building site surrounded by building sites. Good service, clean, great beach and of course abundance of great food. Bit far out of town	
Dec 6 2006	Great hotel!	Since I've read so many helpful reviews on this website, I thought I should contribute myself and help those who are looking for a hotel in Dubai.We stayed there for ten days, and almost everything was great. The rooms are new and all have sea view and all the amenities for a superior hotel. Service is excellent; we only had one small problem with the room allocation- even though we specified in the booking that we wanted a king-size bed, for the first 3 nights we stayed in one with a queen and a single. The staff at the reception were fairly accommodating(Ulrike) and changed our room but only after explaining politely that, if the hotel is booked they assign the rooms that are available, which would have not been a problem if they had explained that when we checked in. But, apart from that, all the rest off the staff were very polite and helpful and made our stay very comfortable.I would strongly recommend this hotel, due to its great location (walking distance to Dubai Marina, where you have cafes and restaurants) beach and service. There is building going on next to the hotel, but we didn't hear anything not while we stayed at the 1st and after, at the 4th floor.	
Dec 3 2006 	Dreadful	Stayed in Nov 06 for 8 nights on HB basis with husband and toddler. Had a delux sea room which is a joke as view is more of marina, buildings on site, buildings on Palm and the sea/beach is the last thing you see. food and restaurant staff very good but everything else very disapointing. Not advised prior to stay that there was a speedboat competition and had to leave the beach/garden area for 3 days as noise unbearable, even in room all you could hear was boats and helicopters. Reception/Guest relations made no apology just said it was a big event. On each of the nights the event was on there was live music which was fine at 8.00pm but by 12.00am was extremely annoying as was very loud. On the last night I called and went to reception as it was so bad. On most nights the hotel seemed to be hosting one function or another and I got the impression the hotel guests were low priority. The building work certainly does affect the hotel, you awake each morning to hammers and drills. On a couple of nights I even was woke by the work at 3am. The building of a new hotel is right by the childrens area which makes a noisy environment. Also at other places around the resort there is buidling work, a pool by the gym, renovations to a restaurant etc. This is the last hotel to go to for a relaxing peaceful stay, came home for peace. would most definitely not reccommend. Stayed at the Royal Merdien in May which was ten times better than this, avoid this hotel if can.	
Sep 30 2006 	Nice hotel on a building site	We stayed for 10 nights in September 06 and were very happy with our choice of hotel, not so happy about the location. The whole Jumeirah area is a building site! There is building work going on to the front, back and both sides of the hotel, and the sea view is now a lagoon view as the palm island is being built a few hundred yards off shore.But the hotel is really nice, ver y clean and excellent service. Good choice of restaurants, from the chic (Tangs, expensive but good) to the boozer where the local ex pats congregate at the weekend.I'd go again but be warned, if building noises upset you you're not going to like it.	
Sep 13 2006 	Nice Hotel	Nice Hotel, small and was very quiet when we visited. Rooms are clean and comfortable. Upon checking in after flying all night we did have to wait for about an hour for our room, which was a bit inconvienient considering the hotel was not at all full.Swimminng pool area is great, plently of sunbeds and large infinity pool. This leads onto the beach which is very clean and again has plently of sunbeds.Staff are all extremely friendly.Did not have any complaints with food, and was above average. Tang and Bussola are excellent.My only complaint about this hotel is that we stayed on an 'all inclusive' basis, and the hotel seem to not want you to stay on this basis... we had to sign a receipt and give our room number every single time we ate or drank ANYTHING! which becomes incredibly tiresome.... i have stayed at all inclusive resorts all over the world and have always been given wristbands to show you are fully inclusibe, which would of been far easier. Also, you can only have certain drinks and certain food off of the menus, and it is very confusing as to what you can and can't have!!! The staff also do not seem very clear on this!! Overall this still worked out better value for money at roughly £45 per person per day. Considering a bottle of wine with dinner can be £25	
Sep 4 2006 	Great for Families	We visited the Mina for the first time in 3 years, 13 - 21st August. Despite the work going on - particularly near the children's pool, we enjoyed another fantastic stay, our 5th stay in this hotel.The appeal of this hotel to us has always been it's size as it is a small and cosier hotel than many in Dubai. The staff have always been friendly and tolerant of small children. This visit was no different, with the exception of a couple of members of staff in the lobby lounge! However, I think the hotel need to look at the club service they offer as, in comparison with others in Dubai, in does not offer much! Indeed if you are travelling with children the club lounge is not available to you in the evening, which is understandable, but you are given 'vouchers' to use in the lobby lounge, which are greeted with distain by staff members and incredibly low level of service, not received anywhere else in the hotel. The whole concept of 'voucher's' was unacceptable to us, and to other families we met who had opted for the club option.In all a great holiday and we will stay again at the Mina. The food is outstanding, altho we obviously missed the point when dining at the over priced 'Tang' restaurant - apparently we were'nt looking 'outside the box'!	
Aug 1 2006 	Very good	This hotel was great - as soon as we arrived at the airport the transport was waiting for us. We were given cold drinks in the taxi + upon check in which was a nice touch. We had a deluxe sea view room + it was great. Yes you can see the Palm but I didn't hear any noise even though there was an extension to the hotel being built. The food at the hotel was great - we had breakfast there every day + there was so much to choose from. We also had room service, at on the beach + at Horizons pool bar + all of it was great. The rooms were spotless + cleaned every day with towels being changed twice a day. I have been to Dubai many times + stayed in Le Royal Meridien, Mina Salam, Hatta Fort, Avari + a few more so I know what standards to expect. This hotel did not disappoint + I would highly recommend.	
Jul 28 2006	Very comfortable hotel	Excellent hotel, rooms spacious and comfortable, with good air con (adjustable not too cold). Good breakfast, staff excellent with a little golf cart service between the 4 restaurants. the bar overlooking the marina really buzzing on a friday night with local expats gathering for excellent entertainment. Very good italian restaurant (no shorts allowed)Top tips, dont miss the desert, wadi bashing with arabian dinner excellent, not at all extreme and I'm a real worrier. You have to see the sun set over miles of sand dunes -amazing experience.Take gloves and hat if you want to Ski in the mall ski-slope, everything else provided -but you cant realistically ski without them.The Sail Hotel Burj you have to wear shoes and long trousers to get in. You also have to book in advance for very expensive afternoon tea, or drinks (about 40 pounds per person), or dinnerWe prefered going to the Wave hotel to bar 360, which has amazing views of the sail and wave and much less expensive drinks(No under 18's very cool house music)	
Jul 7 2006	Exceeded Expectations!	Prior to going to Dubai, i was a little apprehensive about all the construction work going on, but this hotel is in one of the better areas, and you don't notice anything going on. One reviewer has talked about construction work going on next to the kids pool, but this is rubbish, no work going on there at all.Upon arriving at the hotel at 8:45am i was expecting not to be able to check into our room until 2pm, but we were given a room straight away. We were also greeted with fruit juice and cold face cloths upon arrival which was a nice touch. We stayed in a Sea View room which was very nice, views were excellent as can be seen from photos. Hotel was very nicely decorated and modern, grounds were lovely and spotless. Beach, and pool areas were very nice (lifeguards on both), and staff were extremely attentitive! Food in restaurants was of a very high standard, with plenty of variety.Having stayed in many hotels around the world, i would say this is probably the best! Would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel if visiting Dubai - The standard is very high, and it is excellent value for money!!!Thanks for such a lovely weekend!	
Jun 25 2006	fantastic hotel	We have recently returned from the Meridien Mina Seyhi hotel in Dubai and I can quite honestly say it was the most fantastic place I have been and we have travelled all over the world. The staff were brilliant the hotel was clean modern and had all the facilities you could want, there was no fighting for sun beds, the beach and pool was never over crowded and if you didnt want to leave the hotel all holiday there was enough choice of dining and entertainment to keep you happy. I was a little concerned about the construction work before I went as I had read so many horror stories, but, whilst there were craines EVERYWHERE you didnt really notice them they tended to be behind the hotel, there was no noise from the work at all and whoever said the Palm was obstructing the view must have had binoculars on all holiday as you cannot even see it from this hotel at all!!!! the sea is gorgeous but very hot like getting into a bath. The shopping is brilliant in the Emirates Mall, you dont have to go anywhere else it is HUGE it has every shop from your high street brands to the exclusive boutiques like Roberto Cavallier!! it has an indoor real snow ski slope which was brilliant it also has an indoor fair and games area with bowling and cinemas so pleanty to keep the kids happy. Dont miss a trip to Dubai creek it is a real contrast to the rest of Dubai and very beautiful. Also it is worth a trip down to the Madinat hotels and shopping centre, costs a few quid in a taxi and there are some fantastic restaurants on the water front and also in the Mall. DONT WASTE TIME ON THE LONDON STYLE BUS TRIP UNLESS IT IS A COLD DAY!!!! we got on at our hotel and by the time it had picked up at all the other hotels we had to get off it was so HOT we eventually got to the Mall and got off after about 45mins but because the route is so long you cannot get to the other destinations quickly enough it is simply boiling on the bus no air conditioning or drinks or anything, but lovely people!! Taking a taxi in Dubai is like signing a death warrant it is horrendous I have never seen such bad driving in my life!!!!. Go on the safari on the sand dune ride and barbecue it was a lovely evening thoroughly enjoyed by everyone. All in all we will definitely go back to Dubai and to the Meridien hotel we had a great holiday there.	
Jun 18 2006	good choice	just returned yesterday from this hotel and we had a really good time, the hotel is of agood standard and the staff are very helpful and friendly, we stayed on an all inclusive basis and found this to be good value for money as you could eat in all the 4 restaurants and it included all your drinks which works out good when its £5.50 for a vodka and tonic.we ate in the bussola restaurant which was very nice and had a good atmosphere. the beach and watersports were great, we were a little diappointed that barasti was closed as we were told it was very lively they had instead moved it all to the conference centre but is was a bit lacking in atmosphere and they were showing the football on big tv screens everywhere. there is alot of buliding work around the hotel be warned as they are building an extension to the hotel and its right next to the kids pool, it was quite noisyand i wouldn't have enjoyed laying around that pool area. you can also see palm in the distance but its only visual. we stayed in the le meridian al aqua beach 18 months ago and found this hotel to be alot higher standard as it was newer but we did enjoy our stay here and would return after the building work was finished.	
Apr 17 2006	EXCELLENT HOTEL	Had a five night stay at this hotel at beginning of October 2005.The hotel was exceptionally clean and the staff very friendly and helpful.Hotel restaurants all very good,all the food of good quality.The pools were clean and well looked after (lifeguards etc),but very busy on Friday and Saturday.I assume this is because it is a beach club and also the Dubai weekend.The Barasti bar is very good and also popular with the expats due to the good music and atmosphere at weeekends.Although there is alot of building work taking place,it did not spoil our stay.The hotel is about a 20 minute taxi ride into the city,approx 45 dirhams(about £8).If wanting to book a desert safari or a restaurant at another hotel ,speak to the concierge who will be more than willing to help.	
Apr 14 2006	Fabulous but no horizon view	A fabulous hotel but you do not have a horizon view. Sadly the construction of the Palm goes right accross the horizon spoiling your sea view. Before we put you off , this is a fairly small hotel by Dubai standards and quite intimate. The staff are wonderful and a brilliant place for children, they even take them out in the speed boat.(at no extra charge)We really enjoyed our stay, the hotel is spotless and really good value for money. Taxis are readily available from the hotel, so it is easy to go anywhere.We went to the Jumeriah beach hotel for dinner a couple of evenings and it was not expensive (about £40 for 2 adults and 2 children)Could strongly recommend this hotel for a holiday to Dubai, lacks the oppulence of other hotels in the area but great value	
Mar 22 2006	Super Hotel!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a 3 day stop over as part of our 10th wedding anniversary. Although this Hotel is not one of the biggest hotels we found it to be very well presented, clean, perfectly decorated and the food excellent.On arrival we were given face cloths to freshen up and cold fruit drinks and our luggage was moved quickly to our room even though we were early for checking in.The pools were warm and inviting and all the staff were helpful, curteous and always smiling. Meals were generous, varied, and value for money.As it was our anniversary we received a surprise cake and card in our room which was superb, and every morning there was a daily newspaper hanging on our door.The weather was perfect with a cool sea breeze which kept the temperature bearable. We were not bothered by the obvious building work in the surrounding area and it certainly did not spoil our visit at all.We used the well equipped gym, sauna and steam room which again were immaculate. We would not hesitate to recommend this hotel and we hope to return again with our children as the kids facilites were fantastic. All outdoor climbing frames and pool had a canopy to protect the children from the sun, and there is a penguin club to keep kids occupied while parents can relax by the heated pool. The beach area was huge, very clean and water sports available, again perfect for couples or families.This hotel is excellent and well equipped for what ever you plan to do whether relaxing or doing an acitivty, you will not be dissappointed.	
Mar 18 2006	lovely hotel	Just returned from a seven night stay at Mina Seyahi and had a wonderful time. Staff were fabulous. My son celebrated his second birthday and he received two birthday cards, present, cake and balloons from the management. Everything is thought of and the food is wonderful, have put on weight! Everything is spotlessly clean including the beach. The building work did not affect us in any way and the weather was perfect this time of year especially with young children. Will definitely return in a couple of years time!	
Feb 24 2006	Fantastic Holiday Luxurious surroundings	Just got back from 5 days with my family. Had an absolutely fab time. Had sea view rooms, very luxurious and spotlessly clean. Bedding changed everyday and towels twice a day. The staff were very friendly and they couldn't do enough for you. The facilities were great with multiple pools, loungers, kayaks all thrown in. Whilst you can see the construction, both for Palm Island and several other surrounding buildings, it doesn't affect you at all! Infact it was interesting to see.The weather was great for most of the time, some cloud and one day of rain but this didn't matter as we were on our way home anyway, so February is a good time to go. Traffic in Dubai is a problem but avoid the busy times of morning and early evening and you will be fine. We loved it and can't wait to go back.	
Jan 16 2006	GREAT HOTEL!	We have just returned from a 1 week stay at this hotel. I dont think i have a bad word to say about the hotel ... the staff were great. There is a lot of construction going on around the hotel but i dont think its as bad as the earlier person had put it. You probably need a pair of binoculors to see the constuction in front of you which is the palm. Also the hotel is expanding but we werent at all bothered by it ie noise was minimal. The rooms are very basic but still nice. We stayed all inclusive here and arrived on boxing day. The food and drinks especially can be quite pricey, not just here but everywhere. The only downside is the weather it was not sunbathing season! There was a windy breeze so it can get a bit chilly, even though the temp was 25/26oc!I would not return to Dubai in a hurry there is not much to see or do. Shops are over-priced and there isnt much culture! Its basically going to look like quite an eyesore of a city once its finished.	
Nov 16 2005	It's the biggest building site in the world!	This is a very pleasant hotel in the middle of a giant building site. There are 6 60 story appartment blocks being built on the other side of the road; an extension to the hotel is under construction alongside the current building with huge cranes swinging over the gardens, one of the restaurants off the lobby is being totally refurbed with the accompanying noise affecting both reception and the main restaurant (inside and out) and the door from the lobby to the pool and gardens was being rebuilt! The gardens and pools are lovely, but instead of looking out to sea, guess what? You look out on the building site which they call The Palm. No lovely horizon across an azure ocean. Forget what it looks like in the aerial view, from ground level it is like looking across to the other side of a wide river where a constant stream of lorries, moving cranes and half built houses are being constructed. To your right is the causeway going out to the Palm which is a row of half-built multi-storey blocks, to your left is the jetty of the hotel marina with a dredging barge moored alongside it. Behind this is the building site which will become Dubai Marina and beyond is the Manhattan-like skyline of hundreds of skyscrapers which are being constructed en route to Abu Dhabi. I suggest that you avoid Jumeirah Beach for the next 6-7 years until all the building stops. We went to look at the Royal Mirage next door by the way - it is a totally beautiful hotel but also suffers from exactly the same surroundings. Enough said!	
Nov 2 2005	Liked the hotel but will not return.	We stayed here 24th - 30th Oct in a corner club room. First thing to say is forget any concerns about construction noise or disruption - not an issue here. There is plenty of building going on outside the hotel, and you can see it, but not hear it. The hotel is expanding, but this work is was at an early stage when we visited. Perhaps this something to watch as the construction progresses but I think the hotel will continue to manage the change well.The second point to make is that the hotel functions as normal during ramadan. Yes, you can get drinks by the pool and you can eat in the hotel during the day. No alcohol till 7pm, but is this really a big problem !!!The restaurants on site are good to excellent (the dhow), and good alternatives are a short taxi ride away. The beach area never gets overcrowded, but it does get full at weekend (Thursday !). The sea is warm (30 degrees) and there is plenty of pool space. The sun always shines.The service in the hotel is very good. The room big and in good decorative order ( but not luxury). The club floor not worth the extra, it is just a private breakfast room rather than a full club facility.So why would I not return. Well Dubai is a modern sky-scraper city without the character of Chicago, Hong Kong, New York etc. Fine if life revolves around the beach and shopping malls. Otherwise, a bit boring, except for the restaurants, not enough to see or do. The hotel has good but not excellent facilities, and they are not enough by themsleves. I may use it in future as a stop over though.	
Oct 30 2005	Fantastic!	Just returned from a week at this hotel!after changing to this hotel at last minute i was very worried that it wouldnt be as the previous hotel we booked however it was amazing!The sea was very clear and warm!Hotel wonderfully clean!Staff more than welcoming!ALL staff were friendly especially at the Horizon pool bar.Rooms were of an extremely high standard.I will definatly be returning top this hotel and recommend it to everyone.	
Sep 12 2005	Absolutely Superb	My fiance and I stayed at the Meridien Mina Seyahi for a week in June. In summary, absolutely superb from start to finish!The service at the hotel is tremendous. As a complimentary summer promotion, we were upgraded to half-board, which I would definitely recommend as you can opt for either lunch or dinner as part of the package. Food is delicious - we were spoilt for choice. A huge international mix with a lot of Middle Eastern and south East Asian fare. Drinks are the only add-on. We don't drink alcohol, but by way of indication, freshly squeezed fruit cocktails are about £2 each. Make sure you try and choose a sea view room as the view from these rooms is lovely and you almost forget about the huge levels of construction on the main road behind the hotel. Don't listen to people's warnings about construction ruining your stay - yes, there are cranes as far as the eye can see, but so much care has been taken to prevent this affecting tourists, that after the first day you forget about it - you hardly hear a thing.The hotel is beautiful. We preferred to keep away from families with young children and opted for deck chairs on the lawns, which are immaculate. Although the hotel was quite busy when we were there, we hardly felt it as the hotel is so spacious. No need to rush down to bagsy a deck chair either! However, be warned that Fridays in the hotels are madly busy as the resident expats bring their families to use the hotel's facilities for the day. That was the only day that we felt slightly irritated by noise levels.Take a trip to the Ibn Battuta shopping mall. A wonderful shopping experience. The food court is extremely clean and comfortable - a three course meal in one of the restaurants there cost only £12 for us both. Also recommended is a trip down to Karama (about £8 in a cab). A shabbier part of town, but excellent for fake designer bag shopping and beautiful pashminas for about £10 each.We took a trip into the desert for dune bashing and a barbeque, but found it to be a little tacky. However, the dune bashing part of the trip was worth it, albeit terrifying. Don't sit at the front of the vehicle!!All in all, Dubai is a must see. You are guaranteed a week of pure luxury, relaxation, but with enough activities to keep the whole family occupied. Try and book it as far in advance as possible though as prices rocket nearer the time!	
Aug 23 2005	Very underrated----Excellent hotel!!!	I spent almost two weeks reviewing comments &amp; ratings on all Dubai hotels. I chose this one due to price, luxuries, and location. I was so happy with my choice. The entrance to the pool is just breath-taking. You see the pool &amp; beach, palm trees, lounge chairs everywhere. The pictures really don't capture the actual beauty. The fitness center was also another underrated amenity, its GREAT. My husband and I work out all the time, it had every single machine we ever used and more! While you're working out you can see the ocean view because its all glass. The breakfast was so delicious, so much selection, fresh food, fresh juicer, and the service was impeccable. The ONLY downfall of this hotel was that its kind of far from the downtown area, but the cabs are cheap and the hotel offers shuttles to every mall you can think of.	
Aug 19 2005	Dazzling Dubai!	I have been to this hotel before and liked it so much we went as a family this time. We couldn't think of anything bad to say about it, the room was great and comfortable, the selection of food in the waves restaurant was enough for the familys varied tastes and the swim up bar was a particular favourite! We used the tennis courts which in 40 degrees was good for a sweat! The selection of swimming pools were good, there was a pool to suit everyone and seeing as the sea temperature was 37 degrees we needed them! P.S go to the Wild Wadi, it's brill!!	
Aug 9 2005	view to die for	My husband, daughter (14) and myself stayed at the Meridien Mina Seyahi for a week in august and can honestly say that we were treated like royalty from start to finish. We were picked up and dropped off at the airport by limo which was a nice surprize and throughout our stay I can honestly say that the staff could not have been more attentive or friendly towards us. nothing was too much bother and everything was done with a smile. We had paid for half board which I would recommend as the food is of a very high standard. The half board basis consists of breakfast and either lunch or dinner in the waves restaurant there are four other restaurants but we didn't get to try them as we ate out a few times on our excursions. dont miss the surf and turf bbq night on Thursday evenings at Waves there is a choice of lobster, crab, king prawns, steak, chicken, even roast beef and lamb. The food is too good to be true, we all put on weight in our week!We had heard that there was a lot of building work around the hotel and Dubai in general, this is true, we couldn't believe the amount of construction going on but I can honestly say it did not bother us at all. We booked a sea view room and had a glorious view of the Arabian Gulf and marina.The only drawback that we found was that in August the temperature was regularly 43 degrees which was far too hot for us, we thought that by jumping into the sea we would cool off, this was not the case as the sea was 37 degrees and it was like getting into a hot bath! The only way to cool off was to get into one of the four pools which staff regularly came along and tipped in trailer loads of ice to cool them down. Overall, a great relaxing holiday and we will definately be returniing next year possibly for a 2 centre.	
Jul 20 2005	Watch out for the Palm	This hotel has a fantastic location on the beachfront. But be warned! We paid extra for a sea view room - only to find that the view is currently blighted by the construction of The Palm Jumeirah, which is being built into the sea. If the wind is blowing in the direction of the hotel, you even get the accompanying noise. This is a shame, as the Mina Seyahi is a really nice resort, with rooms that are comfy if a little on the cosy side, a lovely pool, a great restaurant (Retro) and one of Dubai's nicer beachfront bars (Barasti).	
Jun 29 2005	100% Brill	Hello,I stayed at the above hotel for 10 nights and only got home yesterday. If anyone is thinking of going to Dubai then stay here. The hotel is brilliant and Dubai as a place is absolutely amazing. In our group there were three couples and a 4 years old and a 10 month old and we loved the Mina Seyahi. The people are so good with the children and the pool were great. It is hot at this time of year but we never found it unbearable if we got hot we went inside. The hotel amazed us at how clean it was you could eat your dinner off the floor. The Waves restraunt was out of this world, the breakfast was full of choice and we eat there on two different nights and for DH145 per person about £20 we eat and drank like kings the food was brilliant. We visited the Waves shaped hotel because we looked at staying there but we were glad we picked the Mina because the wave is so big i think we would have lost each other. You can not go wrong with Dubai and this hotel.	
Jun 22 2005	Brilliant hotel	I thought that this hotel was of an excellent standard. My room had a magnificent view of the beach and the Gulf sea. There are cranes and construction going on which spoils the peaceful atmosphere a bit, but the noise is distant and doesn't really spoil the stay. There is a large number of activities to do for all the family. The restaurant food is of a high quality, the restaurants we visited were &quot;Waves&quot;(located near the lobby) and &quot;The Dhow&quot;. The presentation of the restaurants and food were very good. Every night, &quot;Waves&quot; have different food styles, E.g. Oriental night etc... There are a few restaurants in the resort, I am sure at least one will suit.Overall this is a good hotel we enjoyed the stay. This is the best hotel I have been to although i am only 13 and my dad asked me to rate this hotel.	
Jun 17 2005	Absolute Perfection	I have one main word to describe the Mina Seyahi - Resort! I truly understand now why this is called beach resort and spa. It is not a hotel - it is paradise found! absolutely lovely place - 800m of private beach, loads of sunloungers and a beautiful position in Dubai. Its a 20 min ride into town, but the hotel has complimenary shuttle buses that go to all the main shopping malls and even the gold souks! i was very worried about the contruction in Dubai, but at the Mina I was not even aware that it was going on because the hotel faces the beach (get a sea view room!) so all you see is bright blue sea and sun. heaven!The staff were incredible! We hardly had to ask for anything, they did everything before we could ask. Their ability to anticipate your needs is uncanny! they were all very friendly and helpful and very accommodating all of the time. the rooms were great - very comfortable and large enough for 2 queen size beds, with room to spare!! They are also well equipped with everything we ever needed. You get complimentary shoe shine and mineral water each day and they have bathrobes and slippers and they provide fresh towels twice a day! The food was superb! The breakfast was full of variety each day and the lunch buffets in the Waves restaurant were amazing! giant prawns on buffet? they also had traditional arabian food, which was great because it gave you a chance to taste the local food. There are lots of other restaurants in the hotel and we tried most of them and they were great! even room service was spot on! (ps. Alchohol is served in most hotels and their restaurants and it is not expensive at all). Finding a sun lounger is no problem - lots of space and many pools (4 or 5?) to have a dip. otherwise saunter a few steps to the beach and swim in the sea. the beach was white fine sand and they have loads of thatched umbrealla's and it just looks like a postcard! absolutely beautiful! not to mention the swim up bar where you can sip on a mojito while looking at the view. They also provide watersports and have an info centre to help you with any outings you want to do in dubai. We used royal tours for the Desert Safari and it was much cheaper than what was offered through the hotel and just as good as all the others. (Whatever you do DO NOT book a Dhow cruise with Royal tours. it was terrible - only 6 other people were with us on a big run down boat with cheesy music blasted in our ears. not nice at all! i couldn't wait to get off! )The grounds of the resort are pristine and the hotel is immaculate and modern, without being stiffling. There was also a great mix of people in the hotel: friends, couples, young families, older people, but we never felt cramped at all.. there is just so much space!Dubai as a place is great. lots to see and do and the culture is very interesting. food and drink is not expensive and the weather is lovely, but apparently too hot in July/Aug (50-55 degrees!). there IS lots of construction and it is primarily sand, but it has a lot to offer. food wise - if you enjoy steak, you MUST go to the Meat Co. at the Madiniat Souk hotel. I am from south africa and therefore know good meat and i promise you, this is THE best steak i have ever eaten! a must if you like meat! and the prawn starter was to die for! and all very very reasonabley priced......All in all, the Mina Seyahi resort was absolute perfection!!!!!! Everything about it was divine and the atmosphere, food, location, facilites and staff provided the perfect cocktail for the most beautiful and relaxing holiday i have EVER had! We are going back again already in a few months! Enjoy! :-)	
Jun 13 2005	1st class hotel	We have just returned from a 4 night break at the begining of June. The hotel was excellent but as mentioned everywhere you look there is building work going on. In actual fact Dubai is like one large building site! From the hotel you can only really notice the building work from behind the hotel where they are erecting a few high buildings. clearly visible if you have a land facing room. At the pool or beach you dont notice the work. The food in the hotel is good but I would not say brilliant as some people suggest. The rooms are very clean and the staff very efficient. 99% of the staff are indian but all speak excellent english. The drinks are very expensive £4.00 for a pint of lager and around £1.40 for a can of coke. Good idea to buy drink at the duty free when you arrive in Dubai. We bough a case of bud and some wine to put it in the mini fridge in the bedroom for a late night drink on the balcony. All in all it was an excellent break for the value.	
Jun 6 2005	Le Meridien Mina Seyahi Beach Resort and Marina	Just got back from Dubai, Hotel was great, the breakfast as l had previously read was fantastic so much choice.there is building work nearby but didn't effect the holiday,staff very friendly. Enjoyed the table tennis and water sports which were all free.Only get a Sea View room or you look at the building work.Couldn't find fault with any service of the hotel.	
May 28 2005	Excellent Family Holiday - Five Star Service Superb Food!		
Mar 5 2005	Very impressed with Le Meridien Mina Seyahi		
Jan 20 2005	Great Hotel if you like Dubai		
Jan 14 2005	The jagged concrete will cut your feet		
Jan 13 2005	Fantastic Hotel - Highly Recommended		
Nov 18 2004	Yummy breakfast buffet		
Sep 23 2004	Wonderful few days at this hotel		
Aug 25 2004	So many swimming pools I lost count		
Jun 3 2004	wish we could've stayed forever!!		
May 2 2004	Really nice hotel		
Nov 14 2009 	Hospitalidade		
Nov 9 2009 	Ein Traum		
Sep 10 2009 	Super tolles Hotel		
Jun 25 2009 	Schönes Hotel aber die Lage....		
Feb 9 2009 	Le personnel le plus dévoué que j'aie jamais rencontré et les deux hotels vous comblent		
Jul 8 2008 	FABULEUX		
Jun 25 2008 	Hotel rilassante		
Jan 16 2008 	Service - unübertroffen! Umgebung - Megabaustelle!		
Aug 16 2007 	Una vacanza da re		
