Nov 15 2009 	A fautless gorgeous honey moon experience	This 7 star resort is breath taking and you will be paying for it every step of the wayThis is a mesmerising hotel with your own private suite with infinity pool. We loved it and used the faciliites to the max - horse riding, sand dune driving, sunset camel rides, private meals.It costs a bomb and if you can afford it and want the luxury and solitute its all there.	
Nov 11 2009 	Very luxurious without being over the top	Had a meeting there and then stayed over. Fantastic roomsGreat ServiceVery PeacefulNice Wildlife drinking from the private pool!	
Nov 5 2009 	One of the best hotels Period!	I went on my honeymoon to Al Maha about two years ago now. It was breathtaking. The rooms were exceptional, the food was excellent, but the staff was definitely the highlight. Our guide was amazing, he knew the terrain like the back of his hand. We loved all the activities that are included, the sunset camel ride, the sand dune rides, archery, etc. Best of all would be when you come back to your room and could enjoy the pool in privacy. Since the hotel knew it was our honeymoon they left us a bottle of champagne to celebrate. I loved this hotel and have recommended it to several people. I would go back in a heartbeat. It is definitely one of the best places I have ever stayed.	
Oct 24 2009 	An exceptional luxurious desert experience that should not be missed	My 2nd visit to this spectacular property 45 minutes from Dubai in a conservation area staying in very private elegantly luxurious rooms that have the look of beduin tents with desert views beyond that of your own infinity pool, watching gazelles and oryx browse on spartan vegetation. The rooms are so placed that you cannot see your 'neighbour' so you have the feeling of total privacy. The bathroom also luxurious with Bvlgari toiletries no less! Another bonus was free laundry. There are 2 desert experiences and 3 meals a day and drinking water included in the room rate. We did birds of prey very early one morning - thoroughly interesting; 4 wheel dune rides - very exciting ; a nature drive and then camel trekking at sundown topped off with a glass of champagne and strawberries watching the sunset on the sand dunes - fantastic!! Food and service truly sensational - excellent and personal - nothing too much trouble. Smoking a shisha pipe after dinner with a drink outside on the veranda was another special experience. We didn't even get round to using he beautiful spa or pool there. We loved the privacy - the feeling of being at one with nature and really enjoyed relaxing around the pool soaking up the view. The desert vista is so beautiful inspirational they have pastels and easel ready for you to be an artist. We loved eating outside the restaurant soaking up the atmosphere with flaming torches casting light in the darkness of the desert under twinkling stars and the candles on our table eating our way through the most amazing choice of courses with a bottle of wine. We sincerely cannot fault this hotel. We had a 3 centre luxury holiday of Dubai, Al Maha and then the Maldives. We spent only 2 nights at Al Maha but not a day goes by without my husband saying how memorable our stay was there and how much he loved it and wishes we were still there. We will return and I cannot recommend it highly enough. It is not just a superb hotel but an experience and very romantic.	
Oct 23 2009 	unique and magic	there are many excellent hotels around the world but AL MAHA is not only a luxury resort it is one of the most romantic and unique places I have ever been.the conservation area is beautiful , the desert amazing and the service and friendlyness of the staff is unsurpassed. We had the desert dinner ,where our dinner was arranged in the middle of the dunes, to eat under the stars with torches and nobody there but us. In the afternoons we had camelrides with champagne to watch the sun set over the dunes.if one wants to spend some relaxing time, sleep in extra large wonderful beds , and experience nature while being pampered Al MAHA is perfect;	
Oct 19 2009 	Excellent!!!	This was an excellent resort, everything is now compared to this resort! The staff were fantastic, the food was amazing and we had something different to do every day. They looked after everything for you............ except turning me over on my sun lounger, I had to do this myself! Seriously, these guys know how to look after you and having your own pool is the way forward if you are looking for a romantic break, peace, privacy and major relax time then this ticks all the boxes.	
Oct 13 2009 	Out of this world experience	Wow! The title says it all. Right from the time when I made the initial reservation to the time of check out, I can only think of positive things to say. This was a Honeymoon stay and I planned it as a surprise for my wife - it was, however there was no surprise when it came to Al Maha's top notch service. There was a sandstorm the day we landed in Dubai. I was a bit disappointed initially when I got the news and was asked to delay our visit. Luckily we had a long enough trip to Dubai. The ground transportation is arranged by the Hotel (Prime Limousine) at the rate of approximately $200 return. We got picked up on a Cadillac Escalade. The Hotel is located literally in the middle of the desert. It rises like a mirage as you get close. We loved the fact that it was private and quiet - away from all the hustle and bustle you find in Dubai. As you pull in to the Hotel, you are greeted by the Guest Coordinator (GC) and Field Guide (FG). Our GC and FG were Arlene and Nevile respectively. Arlene took care of every one of our needs - she was great! Nevile and his colleagues (who are from South Africa) were smart and mixed in a little bit of humor in a lot of their tours to keep it entertaining. The check in process was smooth and fast. The welcome drink offered was delicious. Arlene quickly went over the details and at the same time mentioned that because we were asked to delay our visit, we were upgraded to the Royal Suite! The room or should I say &quot;villa&quot; was amazing. The Staff did such a fantastic job that it didn't even look like the place was hit by a sandstorm. The private pool was a very nice touch as well as the in-room dining experience. The food was great and the restaurant service was superb. For your information, all meals are included...room-service too.Our activities included camel riding, desert safari, falconry, nature drive, etc. They were all so much fun. We did the camel riding twice! A word of caution about the desert safari - the ride is rough so go with an empty stomach.The rooms were big, posh, super clean, and decorated with local artifacts. Bvlgari toiletries were everywhere! There's a safe, satellite tv, dvd player (movies available), etc.We ended our stay with a visit to the Spa. It was so relaxing and the best ending to our stay at the Al Maha. The Staff went above and beyond to make our stay a memorable one and they surely did. Too bad we had to leave but we will return. Thanks for the memories!	
Sep 23 2009 	fabulous	Wonderful, tranquil haven with great service, gorgeous food, attentive staff, breathtaking location and great facilities. It was worth every dirham. I loved it!	
Sep 21 2009 	Leave the world behind at Aal Maha	Dear Travellers,I'm not one who usually writes reviews, but being that I rely on them for my own travel it seems only fair to give back. I am currently staying at the resort on a three day (two night) break from the madness of Abu Dhabi! I'm actually a Brit living in the USA and temporarily seconded in the UAE so I do I fair bit of travelling. However, my budget usually doesn't stretch to places like this, only for special treats or times of immense stress! Anyway enough about me. In a word this place is bliss. On arrival at the main gate a guide collects you and is then your personal guide for the whole of your stay. Nothing is too much trouble for the staff here and I feel that they genuinely enjoy the guests. The suites are amazing and hard to drag oneself away from. So far I have been on a camel trek with champagne at the end to toast the sunset with, a display of falconry skills and tonight a nature drive to admire any of the local inhabitants. Check out is tomorrow but not until 12pm afer which I have a few spa treatments to enjoy before my drive back to Abu Dhabi. I have eaten breakfast and lunch in the restaurant (both excellent) and dinner on my deck (great for solo travellers). Is it expensive? Yes it is.However, it is a sancturary for those of us who require more nature than neon. I am checking out other Al Maha resorts now and starting saving tomorrow. Enjoy and thank you for reading my review.	
Aug 28 2009 	Paradise in the dunes and good enough for Sheikh Mo...	It’s top-notch treats aplenty from the moment you step foot beyond the gates that separate Dubai from this magical, desert kingdom. Sheikh Mohammed has a place here, and it's hardly surprising! We were met by our smiley South African guide, Franko, who drove us in his 4x4 to the reception area, explaining everything we’d need to know about the all-inclusive activities awaiting us, during the 10 minute drive. We could be riding a camel across the dunes in a matter of hours – the suffocating humidity of the city rarely hits the desert. We could ride the Sheikh’s ex-race horses, assuming we had three years of experience (they’re rather flighty, apparently) and if we could bring ourselves to rise for 5.15 A.M we could even watch a rare display of falconry. I had to pass on that one. I didn’t even know 5 had an A.M.I’ll admit, I’ve been wanting to visit Al Maha for ages; ever since I saw some pictures on facebook of a friend, swimming in her private pool as an Arabian oryx sipped from the water behind her. I wanted a private pool. I wanted an oryx. I also wanted a taste of the five star extravagance she and hundreds of other people have described, regarding this 225 square kilometre stretch of sandy splendour, hidden just 45 minutes out of Dubai.Tripadvisor – the fountain of all travel knowledge should be clue enough that this resort is nearing on a perfect getaway. “This was our fourth visit to Al Maha and it won't be our last. We could go back again and again, it is wonderful!” cries one fan. “This was our second stay at the Al Maha, which is one of my husband’s most favourite places on earth and it was even more wonderful than we remembered. This place is so gorgeous, peaceful, and luxurious, like heaven!” cries another. I think I may just have to write my own page quite soon. I’ve been lucky enough to have visited some fabulous places in the UAE during my time here, but I can honestly say Al Maha surpasses them all. We could have spent all day just lounging on the super king-sized bed, holding ‘who’s got the fluffiest pillow’ competitions, or flicking through the zillion TV channels. Of course, we hit the pool first. The chilled water was the perfect respite from the August sun. Birds fluttered down, resting on the canvas awning over our suite as we popped a bottle of the good stuff – unfazed by our camera snaps and splashes. No one can see into these little watery gardens, but you can see out. Stretching before you, as far as the eye can see, are acres of golden dunes that stretch to infinity. I couldn’t see my oryx, however.Dinner time in the Al Diwaan restaurant brought another touch of luxury to the table. My wagyu beef tenderloin and fois gras was heavenly, as was a lobster fused starter. A table of 16 sat away from us and their ooohs and aaaahs spoke volumes as to their own thoughts about the menu, just as they had when we were all perched on top of camels for our group sunset ride at 6.15; mid-way through which we’d been met with cold drinks and photo opportunities in the sand dunes.The next day was filled with more lounging. The included breakfast buffet (with optional hot plates of eggs, omelettes and whatever else was desired) filled us to the point where all we could do was enjoy the cool water, read, listen to music and take advantage of the mammoth bath tub. And,… just as I climbed out of that temperature controlled pool, padded over the wooden decking, past my plumped up sun-lounger to adjust the music on our (included) iPod alarm clock: “Quick, quick!”I popped my head around the door and there it was. Standing there before the setting sun, its spiky horns piercing the dusty sky, sipping confidently and thirstily from the rippling blue water, was my Arabian oryx.	
Aug 27 2009 	Absolutely fantastic-unlike any other hotel in Dubai	I highly recommend the Al Maha Resort for any traveller (overseas or local) who wants to get an authentic arabian experience. It is unlike any other hotel in Abu Dhabi or Dubai (I have stayed at more than a dozen). We booked in recently for 3 days and found the customer service to be exceptional. The staff to guest ratio is extremely high and you are greeted in a friendly manner by everyone who passes or comes into contact with you.The lodges are lovely and very large and both they and the pool are serviced every day. We had one of the huts at the far end of the resort and had gazelles and oryx's drinking out of our pool or just hanging around our area inquisitively. You don't hear or see another guest for days unless you want to, by going out on the many activities they have on - falconry, camel riding, dune bashing, archery etc etc . Each lodge looks out over rolling sand dunes for as far as they eye can see. Lounging in the pool and looking out at this scene never got boring, it was a total disconnect from the hustle and bustle.You can eat on the deck of your pool for lunch dinner and breakfast if you wish (all included in room rate). For AED100 extra you can have your meal delivered course by course, which is great - a nice alternative to room service.My husband tried a couple of the treatments in the day spa and said they were the best he had encountered.We are definitely returning on a regular basis. The only thing I am not happy with is that it has taken us so long after having moved to the region to find this place!	
Aug 19 2009 	Are we still in Dubai	My friend booked us into Al Maha for two nights as a belated birthday surprise. I had no idea what to expect, i was blown away.Al Maha is in the middle of the Dubai Conservation Area we drove there from Dubai, stopping off at the Dubai Outlet Mall en route, it was about a 40 minute straight drive out of centre Dubai. We arrived a gate in the middle of nowhere, announced our arrival and was told to park our cars and await a pick up. At this point i was very dubious about where we were. A few minutes later a jeep came to collect us, the drive up to the resort is breathtaking it is unspoiled desert which goes on for miles.On check in we were taken to our villa in a golf buggy, the villa/room was stunning - own personal pool and outstanding views. The bathroom was huge and the shower equally large and powerful. There were Bvalgri cosmetics in glass bottles and a bathtub to fit two (maybe three).The room comes with a painting easel and binoculars which adds to the feeling of being in the middle of nowhere. At the end of the pool is the desert, you can stand on the hill and look out, don't be surprised to be within touching distant of the famous oryx or other wildlife (they are all calm and will not attack or approach u).We did the camel sunset trek and falconry. Evening in the main hotel is very ambient. This is a hotel well worth visiting.	
Aug 16 2009 	Heaven on earth	I visited Dubai after wanting to go for so many years and thanks to the Al Maha staff I was not disappointed ...Thanks May , Sekar , Jaques , Cynthia and everyone else that works there who ALL contributed to a fantastic stay.I will definately be returning but not sure when as dont want to have too much of a good thing !!!!! or do I ?The entire place is as near to perfection as I m sure is possible in this day and age and I cannot thank you all enough.We stayed in a bedouin suite and the pool was larger than I expected as was the suite itself.Loved it all and I ve got my piggy bank started as we speak for my return xxx	
Jul 1 2009 	Once again it was great	This was our second visit to the Al Maha and again we weren't dissapointed, which really is due to the location and the staff at the hotel - who go out their way to help you enjoy your holiday.We got, what we thought, to be a better 'tent' than the last time as it was a bit further away from the main building. The food is fabulous and the chefs will create what you fancy, adding removing ingredients.This really is an experience and a holiday and I would recommend it to anyone who just wants to get away from it all.	
Jun 30 2009 	A wonderful Oasis in the desert	My wife and I have recently come back from a 10 day stay at the Al Maha Desert Resort I can honestly say it surpassed all our expectations, from the very friendly reception committee when we arrived, to the day we checked out. All the staff were very attentive to our every wish throughout our stay without being intrusive. The food was excellent and plentiful starting with breakfast, then an extensive lunch menu and a full 5 course meal at night, with the option of dining on our veranda on the nights we didn’t want to go down to the restaurant. The only down side to the dining experience was the price of the wine which was very expensive, but I guess that’s what you have to expect at a resort of this standard. Our Royal Suite had an infinity pool which was cleaned everyday and our suite was cleaned inside twice a day. My only gripe about the suite was the stupid place in which the TV in the bedroom was located which meant that without moving the furniture around you could only watch it by lying on the bed. The hotel provides a free laundry service which was very efficient, and provided you had your clothes collected in the morning they were returned that afternoon. We were never pressured to join in the various activities that are on offer, and were left to relax and enjoy the amenities of this very special hotel.	
Jun 27 2009 	Marvellous - again!	My wife and I have just returned from a short break at Al Maha. We hadn't planned on going to Al Maha this year but the weather and workload made our mind up for us and we had a 4 night stay at the resort. This was our second stay at the resort the last was in December 2006 - when it rained! The weather in June was in the upper 30's to low 40's but it was bearable. I had emailed ahead and we had got the same room as before (room 21) which is at the lower part of the resort, the advantages are that it is very quiet and you get the wildlife (oryx and gazelles drinking from your pool) We arrived very early in the morning and the receptionist welcomed us back when we got to the room the hotel had left us a bottle of champagne on ice - which was nice. Our room had wifi internet access and a docking station / sound system for the iPod The staff were very friendly and very efficient - a number wondered if they were employed when we last visited, if they saw a book you automatically found a bookmark. We did a number of the activities - falconry (very early start), dune safari and the sunset camel ride.The format of the meals had changed slightly as in 2006 it was a buffet lunch rather than a la carte. The meals were excellent - we tried the Arab Mezze and Sri Lankan curry meals my only criticism is that we put on weight! Prices for wine with the meal were broadly comparable to those in a London restaurant, soft drinks in the mini bar were resonably priced.Would i recommend it to friends - yes. Is it worth it - yes.How does it compare to other &quot;eco resorts&quot;? Last year we stayed at Zighy Bay and whilst we had a good time, meals and drinks were very expensive and the resort didn't offer the privacy or relaxation as at Al Maha. Would i go again - yes;	
Jun 25 2009 	Simply Perfect - stuff dreams are made of	This was our fourth visit to Al Maha and it won't be our last we could go back again and again it is wonderful.Driving up from the security gate you can start to feel the peace and quiet and we were excited to see our field guide and guest services ladies waiting for us at reception. Check in was quick and painless and very soon we were taken by buggy to our beautiful suite. We had a great view from our decking and it didn't take too long before we werein our pool chilling out.Everything about Al Maha oozes elegance and sophistication, it is very unique. Nothing is too much trouble and the level of service is excellent.The food has greatly improved and after a few days we dispensed with the menu and the chef cooked us what she fancied and it was great. The restaurant staff are all very friendly and helpful, special mention goes to May, Jovey and Milka but they are all great.I love horses but can't ride anymore so Christelle took me down to the stables with some apples and I had a ball. We also had two lovely private sundowners with Christelle where we talked until it was dark and we know we have a real friend in Christelle.The spa is very relaxing and I had two lovely treatments.Just being at Al Maha for us is a joy and we were sad to leave after 11 nights. Rose our lovely guest services lady made our stay special and we will be back.Thank you Al Maha	
Jun 20 2009 	Magical	We've been to some wonderful places in the world but Al Maha Desert Resort outshines all of them. Will definately return.Stephanie and John	
Jun 20 2009 	Place to relax	After spending three years in Dubai we finally took some advice and headed to Al Maha as so many of our friends have suggested. Peter picked us up right after the gate where we parked our car and after a 15 minute drive we were at the check in counter. We only booked one night and all three meals were included, so we went right in and had lunch. There was so much to choose from. Hubby had a huge steak and I had a salad and pizza. Nice wine list with prices in line with other Dubai hotels. After lunch we went right to our room and changed into our swimers for some sun in the afternoon. The pool was a perfect temp. and there is almost no humidity in that part of Dubai which at that time of year was a great surprise. We enjoyed our camel ride at sunset and returned to our villa for our dinner service at 8pm. We chose to have our dinner delivered each course at a time for an addition 100 AED as aposed to having it delivered all at once. It was great, we were able to tell the waiter when we wanted our next course delivered. All the food was excellent. We brought a special bottle of wine and so were able to enjoy that. The weather, even though it was late June, was very comfortable . We thought very much about extending our stay, but decided to just make another trip there one night soon. At least now I know why everyone is raving about this place. It's a beautiful place with great staff and great service.	
May 29 2009 	Second time can't wait for the third !!	We stayed here on the last part of our Wedding Anniversary holiday to Dubai.This was our second stay at the Al Maha, which is one of my husbands most favourite places on earth and it was even more wonderful than we remembered.This place is so gorgeous, peaceful, and luxurious, like heaven.Staff are so polite and helpful.The only thing that has changed since our last visit is the food. It has got even more gorgeous. The choices were far superior to many 5* hotels in the UK and we enjoyed every moment of it.Thank you for the gorgeous Sri Lankan curry guys too !.We are already making plans to go back – we found heaven and we hope to keep it.	
May 21 2009 	A truly unforgettable anniversary!	My wife and I celebrated our 12th wedding anniversary at al Maha. It is a magnificent resort with much attention paid to the smallest of details. The service was outstanding and we were made to feel very special.The second day was a sandstorm, which can't be helped, but our guide did his best and we had a good day.The meals were superb and spending time in our plunge pool looking over the desert and the Oryx was fantastic. On-deck dining is highly recommended.All in all a great experience for a special occasion.	
May 16 2009 	Wish we could stay longer - the best hotel ever!	The Al Maha is a fantastic hotel, with the absolutely top-notch service, and a high standard of accommodation and food.We booked for just one night, to celebrate our wedding anniversary and my wife's birthday. When we saw the place, we knew we would not have time to take advantage of all the facilities, so no doubt we will return.When we checked in, we were informed that we had been upgraded to the Emirates Suite. This was fantastic, an absolutely huge suite with two bedrooms (both with en-suite bathrooms), a large living / dining area, and separate buildings housing a kitchen, and servants quarters!The standard of the furnishings was excellent, the bed was huge and very comfortable. Every suite in the Al Maha has a pool, but ours was apparently larger than the normal suites - it was really nice swimming in the evening after dinner.All of the food is included in the price of the stay, but this is no &quot;all inclusive buffet&quot; deal. The food is of a high quality, you chose from a menu which changes daily and it is full waiter service in the restaurant. The price also includes afternoon tea and cakes, snacks which can be delivered to your suite and all soft drinks.The service standard is extremely high, which really makes the place. You are assigned a personal member off staff that helps you to check in and will take care of any special requests that you have, plus a field guide who organises your daily activities according to your wishes. We did the falconry demonstration (very interesting, and includes a couple of glasses of sparkling wine while you watch!) and a nature drive, looking at some of the wildlife close to the hotel (it is in a nature reserve) with our very knowledgeable field guide. The staff in the restaurant were also extremely helpful and professinal. The standard of service is what sets this place apart from other desert resorts which attempt to emulate the same experience. We had stayed at Bab Al Shams previously; the Al Maha is just so, so much better.	
May 5 2009 	Honeymoon Surprise	My husband booked a stay at Al Maha during our honeymoon this April, and I couldn't have been more delighted when we pulled up to this desert oasis. It was truly an experience unlike any other, and a highlight of our honeymoon. Nothing was more relaxing than our private plunge pool overlooking the desert sand dunes, with an occasional Gazelle or Oryx passing by. The room and Arabian décor evoked a romance and tranquility straight out of a novel. The staff was very accommodating, friendly, and knowledgeable. You could tell each and every one of them enjoyed working on the reserve. We took a camel ride at sunset, and were served champagne as the sun disappeared in a sea of reds and oranges. Upon our return, the staff had set up an amazing private dinner on our deck next to our pool. The following morning we went dune-bashing, which was quite the thrill ... although we advise everyone to not eat breakfast beforehand! Anyhow, thank you Al Maha for the amazing honeymoon. Our only regret is that we didn't stay with you longer. Next time!	
Apr 30 2009 	Indulgent	A fantastic place especially if you are a nature lover, excellent food, professional staff. If it's good enough for Victoria Beckham and Robert De Niro...!!	
Apr 29 2009 	Fabulous if you can afford it !!	Stayed here 1 night in Bedouin Suite this month. We made the most of our stay as we arrived very early from Singapore so had plenty of time to enjoy the complimentary activities ( we chose desert drive and falconry ) and also have some private time by our pool. The spa is beautiful and the outdoor dining a rare pleasure - we found that the food was superb other than a very disappointing desert at dinner - although we didnt take advantage of lunch at all ( full board is standard ) . The desert setting in the protected sanctuary is stunning and the animals are really free roaming - oryx, antelope etc. As a special treat for a couple of days I dont think its possible to surpass Al Maha although the rates are truly eye-watering , esp with UAE being generally pricey for UK guests. The personal service really works in such a small hotel and its hard to find fault.	
Apr 29 2009 	The most relaxing place ever	This was my second visit to Al Maha after a three year gap and I was initially worried that it would have changed in that time. I am pleased to say that if anything it has got better! I love it here. Yes it is expensive but in this case it really is true that you get what you pay for. Al Maha is a simply stunning location, the staff are fantastic, and I immediately felt totally relaxed from the moment I arrived. We were lucky enough to get suite 8 which is incredibly private &amp; secluded and overlooking a waterhole. We shared our pool with a giant lizard and the occasional visiting oryx. It is so peaceful and undisturbed, no swimming costumes are required!We mentioned in passing this was a return visit and arrived back at our suite after a top quality dinner to find a complementary bottle of champagne and welcome back card.The field guides are superb. If you are an experienced rider you will absolutely love the horseriding as all the horses are amazing and to see the sunrise over the dunes is an unforgettable experience. I just need to save up enough money to go again!	
Apr 22 2009 	Fantastic beautiful desert magic	The rooms at Al Maha are like nothing I've experienced before, with your own bedouin style interior, huge beds, exotic bathrooms (and fab mod cons - including the world's best in room coffee makers!) an individual infinity pool looking over the desert - gazelles wandering past...heaven. We took a moonlit jeep safari to our own private desert dinner under the stars - this place is magical. The reception service was a little slow, but once we were fully checked in, we relaxed totally into a fantastic stay. The pool and spa were also wonderful, and the restaurant was really good. I think our weekend was long enough to enjoy the desert activities and to properly relax. It is expensive, but worth it, and ideal for a short break from Dubai. You are totally secluded from other guests and get a wonderful sense of the wonders of arabia - shame they don't allow children under 12 because i am sure children would love seeing all the desert animals as much as we did - the wildlife wanders around the resort, all adding to the sense of adventure. Wonderful	
Mar 27 2009 	Treat Yourself	We went to Al Maha in Feb and found it fabulous. The other reviews just about cover everything - it really is in a beautiful setting with great food and attentive but unobtrusive staff. The weather was 24/25 degrees and a little colder at night, but not cool enough to prevent sitting outside in a light jacket.The wine was 198 Dhms approx for a Pignot Grigio or Cabernet Sauvignon - which worked out about £39 a go! Ouch! It's not so much that the wine is overly expensive, after all, it is a 5 star hotel in a dry country, but the very weak pound makes it seem expensive. Rest assured it didn't stop us.Most of the reviews are from couples, honeymooners etc. going for a romantic break. We were 3 friends (2 male, 1 female) going for a birthday treat. We didn't feel at all out of place and didn't find it too quiet. We ate outside, in the restaurant, for the 3 nights we were there and it wasn't whispered voices, as some of the other reviews have said.If you want to eat on your terrace, they will bring it all at once for free, they only make the charge if you want the courses served separately. Would I go again? In a flash. Ah well, I'd better start saving. Very expensive but worth every penny.	
Mar 27 2009 	Two Nights in Heaven	We started a week-long Dubai break with two nights at Al Maha, and our only regret was that we couldn't simply cancel our downtown reservation and stay on - although I think we would have been entirely spoilt and completely over-relaxed had we done so!Our Bedouin Suite was at the far end of the grounds from the central reception/restaurant/spa complex, but that added extraordinary privacy and is no problem, as the golf carts that trundle you around are never more than a five minutes' wait at most. We arrived (driving) at mid-day, and after a brief introduction to the resort by both our field guide and desk representative, had the first of the decadent meals that mark your Maha day.Those who've read through earlier comments can rest assured; whatever blips may previously occured, the resort's food must now rank with the best anywhere in the world. They have gone from a buffet to a menu lunch, which changes slightly day to day but offers a range of choices. The elaborate multi-course dinners offer fewer choices, but are unfailingly superb. The current executive chef and her staff turn out incredible food. I wish I had written out each meal, but most fondly remember mussels in a rich garlic cream sauce, a veal shank that was some of the best-prepared meat I've ever had in a restaurant, and the lovely, inventive, achingly fresh salads.Oh, and breakfast. Sigh. Both mornings we passed on going up to the restaurant and had it poolside at the suite - an absolute must, I think. A marvelously prepared spread (the full range - salmon, eggs, pastries, sausage and bacon - including the possibility of pork, which you don't always find in this region - fresh fruits of all descriptions), laid out in classic hotel style - we felt like Isak Dinesen in Africa!In general, we were in thoroughly relaxing mode, and so passed on Al Maha's many activities, concentrating instead on lounging in our suite's plunge pool, enjoying the glorious views, and spending time in the beautiful central pool and decadent spa - where else can you lie by a lovely pool that's all your own and look up from your book to find an inquisitive gazelle gazing at you? It is nice that the all-inclusive nature of the cost includes not only meals (excluding alcohol, which is reasonably priced by local standards) and activities, but laundry (often an exorbitant hotel price issue). We had our traveling clothes and some things done; service, as one would expect, was swift and of excellent quality.Finally, a word about the staff; I cannot imagine a more professional group of people. From one's first interaction with the field guide who meets you at the gate, to the briefest greeting from a waitress or member of housekeeping, they are absoutely top-notch. We had lunched at Al Maha when a friend stayed there over a year ago - on our first appearance in the restaurant, the hostess, the waitress, and the busboy all said &quot;Welcome back!&quot; It's those small details - on top of the setting, the quality of the suites, and all the other advantages the place offers - that really sets Al Maha apart.The worst thing about Al Maha is having to leave - only because it returns one to reality.	
Mar 26 2009 	Wow!	Stayed her for 3 nights in a Bedouin Suite. This place is great but 2 nights would probably have been enough. Arrived at 1:00p and was met on upon arrival by our field guide and guest relations manager. Given a run down of what was available and then driven to our suite. Cleaned up a little and then went to lunch. we then did the Camel ride with sparkling wine, and then had a leisurely dinner. swam, and off to bed. The next morning we did the early falconing, had breaky, swam, relaxed, lunch, swam, Nature drive, swam, dinner on the deck (would have rather had it in the restaurant as the food gets cold quickly), swam, bed.The next morning did the early nature walk, breaky, swam, lunch, swam, then did the Sunsetter which is basicly being driven to the break spot for the camel ride with the sparkeling wine and are then driven back. Had a great dinner. Came back to find an Oryx drinking from our pool, swam, off to bed.The next morning swam (guess u figured I liked the pool by now!) had breaky, packed up and checked out.The Bedouin suite was very good. The beds are a bit firm but are huge. each suite has its own wi fi. The tub is also oversized. There are some rough spots with the cleaning but alot has to do with having tile floors and all the doors to the outside. The field guides are all Afrikaner and are some eye candy for the ladies. They are all also very nice blokes. There is also one woman field guide from Namibia. Every member of the staff was wonderful which is a big deal as they work 6 weeks straight and then get 2 weeks off. I could not be this charming for 6 weeks straight so they all deserve a medal! There were plenty of birds here so it is not dead quiet. We saw many Gazelle and Oryx. I will return here in a heart beat. We never wanted for anything. You will enjoy yourself. You are here to relax and that is what they do best.	
Mar 26 2009 	The bench mark for other Dubai hotels	By far the best hotel in Dubai. Forget the stars as far as Dubai hotels are concerned as they are only indicative of the hotel property and not the staff, service or quality or food. We have been to Al Maha for 3 short breaks (4 nights) in a year. Not huge ourdoorsy types and we go to get away from it all, have great service, great accommodation without to fight our way through Dubai International.From start to finish your stay will be of pure luxury. The outdoor terrace of the restaurant is by far the best spot for dinner so its best to go away from the June-August but there are also come very good deals on at this time. You wont hear a ringing phone or elevated voices on a mobile as they ask you to silence phones around the resort. Bliss.The small amount of management staff in the hotel are heavy weights when it comes to hotel standards. They have all worked in the most presigious of resorts to come together and bring expertise to this Emirates Resort Flagship Hotel and it shows.The food is the most magnificent however and something decadent about spending several hours over dinner if that's what you like. The selection of the nightly 6 course dinner menu is well conceived and as fresh as it can get with things on the menu I have never seen on other high end Dubai restaurant menus. The service staff know your name from your first meeting and your food preferences within a day of your stay. If you can stay away from the City, roadworks, traffic, malls etc then I suggest you do so and stay here. It is not like me to be so complimentary about many places and I havent as yet, just Al Maha. Normally when you pay the high prices, people tend to be more critical because of expectation. This will not disappoint. Field Guides and activites also are fantastic and are experts in their field. South African and Zimbawean and know everything about the Worlds flora and fauna.	
Mar 23 2009 	Desert Retreat	This is such a different type of accommodation for Dubai, very similar to luxury tented camps in Africa, it's relaxing, exclusive and luxurious without being over the top. It's great to get out of the hustle and bustle of the city for a few days.My partner and I stayed for 2 nights, 3 days and had an awesome time. The rooms are huge and comfortable, I would not say lavish, just the right mix of luxury - although the beds are a little hard. Rooms have ipod speakers if you want to take your ipod. They also have binoculars for game viewing. An easel, pad and pastels for budding artists is in each room which is rather fun!Our tips for a great stay would be to maximise your time there. Arrive around mid-day on your first day and have lunch in the restaurant and take in a relaxing early evening activity such as the camel ride for sundowners or falconry display. For our first evening meal, we chose to have deck dining, this attracts an AED100 extra service charge but it's really worth it, relax with an evening meal on your own private pool/sun deck and watch the Oryx pass by. On our first morning we got up early for the guided wildlife walk which was great as Oscar the Owl came with us. We also did the camel ride for sundowners that evening and followed this with the desert picnic which was a real highlight of our stay. Having a picnic just the two of us out in the desert at night was amazing - be sure to arrange to be left out there for no less than 2 hrs to really relax and enjoy your meal (they give you a mobile for emergencies which is reassuring to have but totally unnecessary really). On your last day, check-out is at 12 but you can check-out of your room and spend the rest of the afternoon at the spa pool, having lunch there is very nice too and the pool is beautiful.All the field guys are South African and very hospitable and knowledgable. The staff are all very friendly and the service is unobtrusive. The room rates are full board only excluding alcoholic and soft drinks - the wine list and mini-bar are extremely reasonable which is refreshing for a hotel of this calibre.Personally I think it would get rather hot before Sept and after April but this depends on the individual.	
Mar 13 2009 	Once in a lifetime trip.. read on!	If you are reading this review then I'm sure you have read many others and all speak very highly of this resort. I will be no different in my praise of the resort, however I will point out any improvements or shortfalls it had as I'm in the process of completing my brand and customer service research and studies.Truly it is a wonderful place, Al-Maha desert resort will have you captured from the moment your designated field guide and guest relation coordinator welcome you to the moment they wave you goodbye. It has the personalized service which has won it awards and hearts of the guests that have stayed over the years.It was my first trip to Dubai with my wife after we just got married and naturally I wanted it to be a special trip, so I didn't tell her where we were staying (makes for a fantastic surprise when you're being driven through the desert and your wife has no clue where you're going or if you've gone mad!). We were warmly greeted by our field guide and coordinator and offered cold drinks (very hot in May.. sweltering in fact), they explained how everything worked, where everything was and gave us the low down of our stay. We were then taken to our suite in a golf buggy and our luggage arrived soon after. We were also given a card and a bottle of bubbly (non-alcoholic as we don't drink) to celebrate our wedding which was a nice touch.The suite was very nice, a small entrance area which leads to the large bathroom with shower and a large bath, also leading to the bedroom which is very nice, spacious and through the glass doors overlooking the exclusive pool and desert. We stayed for 3 nights and enjoyed each one thoroughly, there are 2 activities that you can do per day ranging from falconry, archery, 4x4 driving to wildlife drives and camel riding. I can recommend getting as many in as possible to get the full taste of the desert and what the resort has to offer.The stay is full board and the restaurant offers quite a variety of choice, the staff are very friendly and helpful but the restaurant can sometimes get very quiet with couples trying to whisper to each other! The evening meals outside are particularly nice overlooking the desert.We decided to have a few treatments at the spa, although pricey I highly recommend it, very nice layout, excellent facilities and the treatments were very good, the resort prides itself on hand-picking the very best staff from around the world.. and after I spoke to some of the therapists and where they came from I must admit, they're not far wrong.The gym facilities are for a better word.. lacking, a small room and not very much equipment, however it will only be used by those die-hard fitness regime guests as you're hardly going to this resort with your program in mind. The steam room and sauna are excellent, I would highly recommend using them even though it was sweltering (40c) I used the facilities in the evening when the desert cools down quite a bit so it worked a treat.To round off overall I would highly recommend this resort, it is a once in a lifetime trip for most due to the price, my only cons were pretty minor, the bedroom was somewhat dusty with cobwebs in corners, needs to be cleaned a little more. It also can get uncomfortable with the mosquitoes when the door gets opened, also ants and small geckos but nothing too serious.Upon completion of the trip I had a short meeting with the General Manager, I did tell him I would review the resort so here it is. As neutral as I could make it!	
Feb 20 2009	Wow! Amazing place!	Stayed in this resort - it's really an amazing place to be. Beautiful rooms with perfect design, very spacious with lots of various extra. Most I liked complimentary aged jerez, which you can enjoy on a sunset at private swimming pool. Really a great place to be, make sure once you stay there go various desert activities, driving or walking on sand dunes is an exciting experience. At the same time - it is so quiet around, you really relax and rest from busy city noises. Overall - little overpriced (compared to other similar boutique hotels for example in South-east Asia), but it is such a beautiful setting of the hotel, very few hotels are like that and once you decide to spend these money - it will really worth it. Also restaurant is absolutely great, as well as spa!	
Feb 16 2009 	THE place for valentine's weekend	We went to Al Maha courtesy of Emirates airmiles (the advantage of being a frequent flyer) to celebrate our engagement and thought Valentines Day would be the perfect time. As I booked this year, I have set my fiancé the challenge of exceeding it next year but he is going to have to work very hard! It is the perfect place for a romantic getaway and most people seemed to be in couples. Thanks to the person who suggested on Trip Advisor that you request suite 11. We did and suite 11 was the one that we got. It looks out over the water hole (don't expect to see animals there though) but more importantly it has an uninterrupted view over the desert. Some of the other suites particularly at the back appeared to look over other suites. It is also totally private so you don't need to get your cossie wet!! The suite itself is stunning and the pool is heated so you could use it at anytime of day or night. I could have spent the whole 2 days in the pool and on the patio but there is so much else to do and we were only there 2 nights. There is one field guide for every couple of suites, who takes you on the trips. We did the falconry which though an early morning start is well worth it. We did the wildlife drive which if I am honest was nothing special as you see the Oryx and gazelles wandering around the resort. It was however, useful to hear about how the desert was formed etc. The camel ride is fun. Someone on trip advisor says this is touristy, well yes it is done in a group but still well worth it. The 4X4 is popular and also great fun. We were lucky that there was only 2 of us in the car but some of the others had 4 people which I suspect was a little more uncomfortable. If you suffer from travel sickness definitely try and get the front seat.One thing that is not hugely advertised is the desert picnic. (We did that on our first night having been to the Fairmont for a champagne brunch for 3 hours at lunchtime - also well worth it if you have the time and the money 550 Dirham). For the picnic, you are taken out in a 4X4 to a site where torches are set up with cushions around a table laid for dinner. More food than 2 people could possibly eat including meze, fish, steak, chicken, cakes, fruit and cheese, plus of course a chilled bottle of wine (you order and pay for that separately). It was so romantic just the 2 of us in the desert alone. Take a sweater though as it is pretty chilly in the desert at night especially if the wind is up. They do however provide pashminas which were very welcome. There is an additional service charge of £20 but the dinner itself is included.A couple of other things to note, we ordered breakfast one morning on our patio, which was lovely and interestingly a wider range of menu choices than in the restaurant including fillet steak (which I can definitely recommend). Finally, beware of the price of the smoothies at the pool - bit pricey at £11 for 2! The spa is worth a visit - we had the steam room, sauna and jacuzzi to ourselves for an hour. They provide robes, slippers etc and even disposable underwear if you forget to take your cossie. Transfers to the resort are easier than they lead you to believe. We had a driver from my company take us out there but he dropped us off and picked us up at the door. There does not appear to be a restriction on vehicles entering the park. Overall, a great place to visit for as many days as you can manage. Two was just not long enough and I cannot wait to go back!	
Jan 18 2009 	Amazing - Strongly Recommended	We loved Al Maha - It is small, intimate and unusual. Much has been written about the rooms etc. Here are my tips - 1. Take advantage of the included sunset drive, the archery, the camel trek, the falconry, the nature walks etc. Get up early for amazing sunrises that you will remember forever, and to enjoy these activities before it gets too hot.2. Choose your time to go carefully, it is much less humid than Dubai (good) but this means it can be VERY hot if you go too early or get quite cold depending upon your time of year - October when we went was perfect. 3. Enjoy both in villa pool and the pool down at the Spa. The animals wander up to the edge and of the pool area and it was amazing to watch them whilst sheltering from the heat of the day in the water. 4. We ate in the villa, on deck dining nearly every night. The restaurant was OK but it was far better to enjoy the views of the desert in comfort next to our own pool than sit on a deck with lots of other couples and guest all chatting very quietly. 5. As an Emirates hotels property there are deals to be done with flights to go here on a stopover or as an interim destination. The breakfast was not as good as some of the hotels in Dubai, but this was a small thing in context of the overall experience.After a 3 day stop over we were very sad to leave, but I think 4 or 5 days would be perfect here. Its an amazing place and the desert is beautiful. I cannot recommend it strongly enough.	
Jan 8 2009 	Very Special	We (?) decided to renew our wedding vows on our tenth anniversary, and began our search for a perfect venue. At the time, Al Maha was as boutique-y and secluded as Dubai hotels got and, on that basis, we booked via our travel agent.From there we were put in touch with a member of the Emirates team, who co-ordinated a vicar (who was fab) to perform the ceremony and checked all the formalities for us. She was an absolute gem; and everything ran so smoothly from the outset because of her. I can only imagine the trouble they would go to if you were actually being married at an Emirates resort.Al Maha itself really is wow...just wow.It's going to be hard not to ramble...We were given the honeymoon suite which was spacious and beautifully furnished (the bed almost too big) and if a bathroom can be comfortable; our bathroom was so comfortable (with lovely bvlgari products). The pool was a perfect luxury and the awning over it; welcome. We never tired from just looking out at the desert from either the deck or the pool and watching the occasional oryx pass by and enjoying the solitude.The food was spectacular at Al Maha; so much choice too. Sadly, because the evening temperatures were so extreme (it was June), we weren't able to eat on the outside terrace with it's flamelit torches. But the indoor restaurant was lovely anyway. And breakfast delivered to our deck every morning was pure indulgence. From the activities available to guests we chose to do just the dune driving with our guide and the sunset camel ride. One was more comfortable, but both were a great experience.And now to the staff. True; Al Maha is a stunning resort in a lovely setting with a gorgeous spa and gym, but what makes it really exceptional is its staff. From Nimahl at the resort to Sally in Emirates Dubai offices, every single member of the team contributed to our stay being so perfect. Nothing was ever too much trouble and we cannot thank them enough (especially Nimahl).To avoid rambling, I'll round off by saying, our whole Al Maha experience was very, very special for the reasons above and many more. If we made one mistake; it was moving on to the hustle-bustle of Dubai city for a night afterwards. For me, nowhere could have followed Al maha.	
Dec 11 2008 	Delivers what it promised	We spent three days at the Al Maha over the EId holiday. Yes, it is ludicrously expensive. Yes, it is worth every penny. Until you have looked out from your bed over the pool towards the endless dunes, and watched the gazelle grazing outside your bathroom, you do not know what privilege is. It is almost impossible to fault the place. We had UHT milk in our tea one morning. We once had to wait for a buggy to get back to our suite. The coffee machine is a bit quirky. The activity organisation was slightly confused at first. But it all comes together. The staff are impeccable, the activities great fun, and a sense of true tranquillity pervades everything. The food is just right - not too rich, not too plain. The cocktail bar is as perfect as it can be. We were genuinely sad to leave (tip - reduce the sense of loss by using the spa after checking out). If only real life could be like this. Take a good camera, you will have many opportunities to use it.. But do choose your season - it can be unbearably hot or chillingly cold if you get the timing wrong.	
Nov 9 2008 	Luxury Relaxing Break	Just a fantastic two nights, booked for us as an engagement present. Service was absolutely out of this world. We did the early morning falconry which was sublime, and then spent the rest of the time in the plunge pool in our suite. Genuine perfection.	
Nov 2 2008 	Out Of This World	Stayed here for two nights in early Sept, (3rd &amp; 4th), after spending 4 nights at The Palace One &amp; Only.This part of the trip was a surprise for me organised by my wonderful partner who i will never be able to thank enough for this amazing experience. How she managed to keep it quiet i will never know !Everything about this place has the wow factor. The minute you arrive you are made to feel so special when greeted by your own concierge &amp; field guide.Stayed in suite 12 which was amazing,the view out of the doors over our own private infinity pool, looking down to the watering hole for the animals in the desert was one that will stay with me forever.First night there we ate in the main restaurant &amp; had the special Sri Lankan menu which was excellent,served by a waiter who very helpfully served it for us explaining which dish was which.Our second evening meal was bought to our own suite which is then served outside on the decking area,again an amazing experience,also had a birthday cake from the resort which was a nice touch.Took full advantage of the complimentary activities &amp; went on camel ride into the desert to watch the sunset (with champagne ! ), dune safari, wildlife watching ( with Don our guide,who by the way was excellent &amp; nothing seemed too much trouble for him ) &amp; a 5.30am start for a falconry show. When it was time to leave we both felt very sad &amp; would definately go back here again someday as it was the best time we have ever had on holiday,( &amp; we travel alot ) If you want rest &amp; relaxation this is the place to go and get it,&amp; many thanks to the wonderful staff who helped make our stay so amazing.	
Oct 26 2008 	Top Class	Al Maha was idyllic in every way. The rooms, restaurant, spa, resort, décor, food, surroundings, activities &amp; service were top class. The staff were so helpful, polite, obliging &amp; friendly. We loved every moment of our stay &amp; would thoroughly recommend it. An ideal place for couples to relax &amp; have a romantic few days in the desert.	
Aug 20 2008	perfection	If you want to enjoy another holiday - don`t go to the al maha! NOTHING will ever come up to expectations having once visited this resort. From the second you arrive - day or night - you are given a wonderful welcome by the hotel manager and introduced to your own ranger for the duration of your stay. You are then taken to your Bedouin tent - we arrived late evening so there was a sumptious meal awaiting us complete with champagne on ice! We awoke in our vast bed the following morning to see the sun rise over the mountains and reflecting in our very own large infinity pool with oryx and gazzelles peeping in our windows at us. To say it was pure magic is understating it! You choose to do as much or as little as you like - going out with your guide at dawn to find the animal and bird prints in the sand, fly hawks at sunset while sipping champagne, dune bashing in your own 4x4 or simply lying in the sun relaxing and having a massage - the choice is yours! Not a &quot;budget&quot; holiday but one that I guarantee you will NEVER forget!	
Aug 9 2008 	8 star luxury	we had planned a trip to the olympics, but due to &quot;various&quot; reasons we modified our around the world trip, to just dubai and back. our first 4 days we stayed at the burg al arab (7 star) but our frequent traveling family ALL preferred the relaxed atmosphere of the al maha. it was a wonderfully romantic resort for a honeymoon, but even our children loved it. our 15 and 17 year old shared unit 39 and we had 40. the private pool (that they cooled) was exquisite in the extreme heat. the 4 x 4 ride was great fun especially with all the tows, and the sunset camel ride was exactly as i had hoped. the food was better than the burj and we even had the caviar on the top floor. the private guide (jason) could not have been more helpful. sure, we loved the luxury of the burj, but the relaxed atmosphere here was just perfect . . . we were there 3 nights and truly wished that we could have stayed longer as we never experienced the spa. truly the al maha one of the best resorts i have ever experienced. though we will probably never return to dubai, if one goes to dubai this is an experience that should not be missed. anyone know of any other resort similiar to this one.	
Jul 7 2008 	Oasis of perfection	What superlatives can be used. Simply breathtaking!The resort is one of those rare gems where you get exhilaration and relaxation in one holiday. Set in a nature reserve and home to protected species, the Al Maha is one of the hotels where you would pay the money for the experience.From the morning horse rides and 4x4 dune racing to the evening activities of falconry and sunset camel treks.Set in a breathtaking location, each 'tent' had its own private pool. A little oasis just to yourself in the middle of the desert!The staff were all incredibly friendly and helpful, particularly the nature specialists who acted as your guides and hosts on all activities. Food was delicious and the setting for dinner was idyllic overlooking one of the few 'natural' waterholes in the Arabian desert.With all the places in the world I've yet to go, this is definitely the one I would go back to tomorrow!	
Jun 21 2008 	Experience the desert in luxury	We have been coming regularly to Al Maha when we had a stopover in Dubai always stay at least 3 nights.We like Al Maha because it is a place to relax, enjoy the private swimming pool, the food and the excellent spa.As you can see fom the pictures, we enjoyed also horseback riding in the desert. For those with interest for horse, these are arabians horses, and galloping on the dune is an real exhilarating experience.The service is exceptional and the spa a reason on its own to come to Al Maha. But the bedouin tents are worst a trip too. Just choose your suite well as some are not private at all.	
Jun 15 2008 	Something different	These days, Dubai has a large number of very luxurious hotels &amp; living just down the road in Abu Dhabi, we've been lucky enough to stay at just about all of them. There are other desert hotels in Dubai but Al Maha stands way above the competition. It models itself on the top quality African Safari lodges and the whole experience is very similar to a safari - only with less animals! Everything from the variety of early morning &amp; evening drives, game walks &amp; adventure activities echoes the safari experience. The activities are excellent, the meals are superb &amp; the standard of the suites is very high indeed but it is the staff that makes Al Maha stand out from their competitors. Not even at the Burj will you find such truly friendly &amp; helpfull staff &amp; for peace &amp; quiet or a romantic break it is in a league of it's own.You may not get all the high tech gadgets here that you will at other hotels but they go to town on the little details - not just 2 sets of bathrobes &amp; slippers but 4 - for inside &amp; outside use, free decanters of sherry, binoculars to watch the wildlife that wanders around your tent &amp; even an easel &amp; paints should you be artistically inclined. Al Maha is not ostentatious like some of the big city hotels but it leaves them standing on exclusivity. Stay here if you want true peace &amp; relaxation with wildlife, a fabulous setting &amp; plenty of adventure thrown in. A unique package &amp; well worth every penny.	
May 27 2008 	Blissful tranquility	Al Maha is a beautiful resort in the middle of Dubai’s desert nature reserve. We booked a private transfer with Al Maha and annoyingly you have to go to the Budget car hire counter to meet the Al Maha rep. Obviously Budget is more concerned with car rental and so we had to wait awhile before we were able to enquire about our transfer. The transfer was fine, as you would expect, but definitely worth while as the resort is literally in the middle of the desert and I’m not sure that a taxi would make it as easily to the resort as we did in a well kitted-out jeep.We were met on arrival at the resort by our Guest Relations Coordinator (GRC) and Field Guide. Check-in was swift and it was explained to us that the Guest Relations Coordinator would look after our hotel needs while our Field Guide would look after our desert activities.We were taken to our suite by buggy. Each suite is individually set on the resort and is made to look like a Bedouin tent but with a private pool with views over the nature reserve. Our suite (28) was absolutely beautiful and one of the most secluded, with solid wooden furniture and the biggest bed we have come across yet! The bathroom was also extremely big with both an oversized spa bath and shower with Bvlgari products provided.The bedroom opens onto a large decking area which then leads to a lovely pool. Our suite in particular was often frequented by oryx and many different birds which added to the experience of being in a wild desert resort. Thoughtfully there is a mosquito-netted door that can be pulled across between the bedroom and decking area so that you can still have the door open and hear the birds but avoid letting the bugs in. As a side – despite there being a lot of flies and bugs, neither my husband or I were bitten once. The resort is kept very clean and although the bugs can be annoying and scary looking, they are harmless.The food is fantastic! Breakfast and lunch are a big buffet and caters for all tastes. In addition, if there is anything that you particularly fancy the chef is happy to oblige. Dinner is a sumptuous 5 course spread, with a choice of 2 or 3 items for each course. Waiting staff are discreetly attentive and happy to make conversation if you wish to do so. On one night one of the waiting staff suggested that we tried an alternative Sri Lankan meal, which we agreed to and were presented with the following night to the envy of all the other guests! The Sri Lankan dinner was absolutely delicious and probably the best meal we had there! Would highly recommend that you try this.My husband and I were celebrating our wedding anniversary on this trip and as a result of a passing comment, the restaurant staff presented us with a gorgeous ‘congratulations’ chocolate cake. Being full from dinner, they whisked the cake off to our suite and decorated our suite with rose petals and candles for our return with the cake taking pride of place. Activity-wise you can do as much or as little as you like. Unfortunately our Field Guide, Simon, was busy with other guests on the first day that we wanted to do anything so he organised for us to do falconry and dune driving with his colleague, who was equally knowledgeable and happy to share in our enjoyment of the activities. To make up for this however, Simon took us out on a private nature drive and sundowner, which was fantastic! We got the impression that all the Field Guides are passionate about their work and the preservation of the nature reserve. All were also very friendly and liked a laugh but ultimately wanted to ensure that we enjoyed the activities.Unfortunately the Guest Relations Coordinators (GRCs) are not as coordinated as you would expect. We had to request various things twice before we got them and in a couple of cases things never turned up. Also, we had already informed them that we had made arrangements for leaving the resort to a hotel in the city, but they manage to interfere with that by canceling it and organising an airport transfer instead. It was only because our next hotel had been so confused that they called us directly to seek clarification that we found out that Guest Relations had managed to screw up our out-bound plans. My advice is to not to let them anywhere near your onward plans unless you are booking an airport transfer with them. We soon found out that the best way to handle want you need is to speak to the individual elements of the hotel, such as laundry, room service, etc directly, instead of doing everything through Guest Relations as they suggest. Despite this though, the rest of the staff of the hotel more than made up for the mistakes of the GRCs. The cleaners, waiters, field guides and everyone else couldn’t do enough to ensure that we were enjoying ourselves!All in all, Al Maha is a fantastic resort! Despite its tiny size and the fact that it is quite a busy hotel, we never once felt rushed to do anything, or felt like a face in the crowd. We were given a personal service at all times despite some hiccups with Guest Relations. We have already booked to go back and I would highly recommend a visit if only to experience the tranquility of the desert!	
May 21 2008 	Al Maha - perfect for a few days after Dubai	After the a week staying at the Mina Salam, it wa nice to get away from the hussle of Dubai.We stayed in a Royal Suite, which had everything you could wish for, beautiful flowers, fruit, Sherry if anyone is into that.The best bit though was the VIEW!, overlooking our pool was miles of desert. tTe food was excellent and our hightlight was being taken into the desert for a picnic under the stars and left there, with a table laid with beautiful cutlery, flaming torches, rugs, candles, food such as gigantic prawns, fillet steaks, salads basically everything.Only minus was the pool was very hot but the hotel tried to sort our the temperature controls very quickly.	
May 19 2008	Sheer luxury - at a price!	this was our second trip to Dubai but we had never stayed in the desert so decided to spend 2 nights here after 3 nights at the Royal Meridien on Jumeirah Beach.We had a 4 x 4 transfer to the resort which took just under an hour. From the minute we arrived we were treated like royalty from the welcoming party when we arrived to the same people waving us goodbye when we left.Each guest receives a guest relations person and a field guide to help you organised your stay and get the most out of it. Samira and Paul were really helpful and we did 2 trips but could have done more if we wanted. You genuinely felt like you were encouraged to take part rather than it being a chore for them.We did the sunset camel trip which was amazing, you travel out to the sand dunes by camel then sip sparkling wine as the sun sets before returning to camp. We also did the 4 x 4 trip first thing in the morning which was great fun!Our suite was fantastic, so clean and comfortable with the biggest bed and bathroom I have ever seen! Having your own plunge pool was fantastic. We were never disturbed unless we requested something. There was always a golf cart on hand to transport us, we never had to wait for anything.We ate in our suite and also in the resort restaurant, both of which were fantastic meals. All staff were genuinely plesant and very helpful, nothing was too much trouble.My husband and I both visited the spa and had a treatment, although it is tempting to stay in your room I recommend a visit to the spa!Overall this is a very expensive resort, but drink prices are cheaper than those in the city and once there you pay for nothing apart from drinks. We will definately be back later in the year!	
May 1 2008 	Loved Al Maha	My family and I were very fortunate to have found the Al Maha. We had originally planned to go to Kenya then Dubai for a vacation but with the political unrest in Kenya we switched our plans and landed in the fabulous Al Maha before making our way into the city of Dubai and staying at the Burj Al Arab. We had one of the larger suites as we were travelling with our teenagers aged 17 and 16. The suite was spectacular and boasted a large communal living space flanked by two fabulous master bedroom suites each with master baths. We also had a kitchen and two smaller bedrooms/baths which were available had we been travelling with a nanny etc.. One of my favorite designs of the suite was that we had our own private courtyard with a fountain. It was beautiful especially as we were there during a full moon and when we came in at night it was gorgeous.The swimming pool was quite large as was the surrounding patio. We had dinner poolside two of the four evenings. The staff comes and sets it all up for you. We also opted for the desert picnic by torchlight one night. Do not miss that! The spa is great. Really plan on taking some time away from your room to enjoy the spa area. It is very much worthwhile. We also had plenty of time to participate in many of the activies. The camel ride was one of the highlights. The camels are cared for meticulously. The camel driver is very proud of his herd with good reason. They are excellently trained (and do not smell as I have heard some do). These are some clean, clean camels. The ride includes watching the sun set from sand dunes overlooking the hotel while sipping champagne. It's very romantic (even with teenagers; though ours were the only kids there during our stay).Robert, one of the restaurant supervisors was incredibly helpful when our daughter suffered motion sickness from the dune buggy ride. Apparently, green apples are the cure for that if you didn't already know and we certainly didn't.Our butler/co-ordinator was Okello. He was fabulous; anything we needed we had without having to ask twice. Jorg was our activies director and he also was fabulous and among many things during our stay he taught me archery. Every staff member that we came across knew who we were and treated us tremendously. They were kind, caring and often funny . How often can you say that of most hotel staff? Our stay at the Burj was also great we stayed there for five nights. But the Al Maha will be our first choice when we return to Dubai.Most importantly for us it was great quality time with our children in a very luxurious relaxed atmosphere.  If you want luxury and privacy this is truly the place to go. Thank you to all the staff at Al Maha for making our time there so special. We will be back!	
Apr 15 2008 	Excellent Short Break	We were a little hesitant booking the Al Maha as it is isn't cheap, but overall it was good value. It really is an oasis within Dubai. The whole ambience is quite relaxed and not at all formal, with the essence being relaxation and at your own pace. If you don't fancy an activity, then don't do it. There isn't really a lot to see in the desert that isn't already in the grounds, (oryx etc), but the sun-downer camel ride and the falconery are good.The best part is obviously the room and pool. The pool is actually more than a plunge pool and is a fair size. It is completely private with the only interlopers being the oryx or gazelles. I wasn't too sure about the food, but it was excellent, especially the barbecue. The only meal not quite on the button was probably the Sri Lankan curry.We stayed here for 3 nights only but could have stayed longer. We could easily have flown straight home and still considered that we'd had a good break, it was that peaceful and relaxing.We would hope to return one day.	
Apr 7 2008 	Amazing retreat from Dubai	wow! what an amazing location!! Such a great retreat from the dusty, smoggy building site of Dubai City. Lovely relaxing atmosphere, great food and luxurious rooms.	
Apr 7 2008 	simply the best	Have finally got round to doing this. The Al Maha lived up to all expectations. Everything is fantasic. The rooms and pool were our favourite part, but the food, staff and general ambience were all first class. The organised events were well attended and very well done. We don't normally go for the 5 star opulence as it can be 'in your face' at times, therefore we hated Dubai city, but the Al Maha is the perfect antidote, everything is understated, yet nevertheless an absolute luxury. My wife would love to return, and even thinks that it would be suitable for a 3 or 4 night mini-break. We can't recommend it enough.	
Mar 29 2008 	Wow! We will be back!	Stayed 2 nights at end of 5 week trip after Christmas &amp; New Year in Australia &amp; New Zealand . We can't heep enough praise on this hotel. Arrived at 7.30 am via limosine transfer courtesy of Emirates. Met with breakfast cocktails and an apology for our room not being ready! After breakfast we spent the morning in the spa. The whole stay was amazing The tranquility and silence were incredible an excellent choice if you want to unwind. Our suite &amp; pool were lovely, views stunning, food superb, activites, especially desert walk to watch sun come up, excellent and the staff were attentive but not intrusive. 2 bathrobes per person! Lightweight for indoors and towelling lined for outdoors. This was the most relaxing place we have ever stayed . Perfect after 5 weeks of travel. Our stay was far too short. We will be back. Wendy &amp; Martin	
Mar 19 2008 	Experience of a lifetime	Took a group of 25 high achievers to Dubai, staying one night at the Al Maha and then onto the Park Hyatt for two days. We billed the trip as &quot;an Arabian Experience of a lifetime&quot; -the Al Maha certainly lived up to that billing.The &quot;wow&quot; factor as everyone drove through the desert to get there, and then booked into their luxury suites with private pool was amazing. Food was outstanding, service unrivalled and the activities were great fun.Many people in our group of 25 billed it as the best place they have ever stayed, and quite a few are planning to return under their own steam as soon as possible.A perfect place to unwind, relax and be pamperedThe Park Hyatt, although very different, was lovely too, and the combination works very well	
Feb 29 2008	I'll be back!	As part of a trip from Vancouver, Canada to visit friends in Dubai, we spent at weekend at Al Maha. Wow! First class start to finish. We were met by our social co-ordinator, Okebe, and made to feel totally relaxed and welcome right from the start. Had an enjoyable lunch on the deck and then taken to our Bedouin tent #34 and 35. Tent? If that's living in a tent I'm all for it! Our tents were quite secluded and overlooked a watering hole, which was an added bonus. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom luxurious. I loved having the private pool, too. Had a fun time on the camel ride watching the sun set and sip champagne. We also did the falconry and dune bashing. The guides were informative and very friendly. Meals were good and the serving staff very friendly. I loved the quietness of the resort and the feeling of truly being in the desert. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. Would definitely return.	
Jan 29 2008 	Like a fairytale - unparalleled service food and accommodations	My husband and I stayed here for four days on our honeymoon, after spending a few days at the Burj Al Arab. It was my favorite of the two (and my favorite resort in the world), even though the Burj is much more famous and well known. Each guest couple (no children allowed) is assigned two people to assist your every need - one is your activities director (we went for romantic sunset camel rides with champagne toasts, falconry in the desert, nature walks, dune driving, etc.) and one is like a concierge (arranges transportation, check-in, etc). Accommodations were amazing. Each guest house had its own plunge pool and was wonderfully appointed. Because it was our honeymoon, they arranged a private dinner in our house with champagne. Also, the food, which was included, was fantastic, and I am really picky about food and was leery that this was &quot;all-inclusive&quot;. You had your choice of various menu items and had to pay extra for special wines, which was fine. We loved it and want to go back for an anniversary!	
Jan 18 2008 	A Very Different Getaway	This desert resort was like a true getaway. The resort only has around 20 luxury tents. I say tents but they are actually luxurious suites, each with their own pool, looking out over the dubai dessert. There are activities included, one of which is horse riding. I was very keen to take part in this excursion but once we got there we found out you had to be a very expereinced rider as the horses are ex-race horse, which was a little dissapoiting. Howvever the dune driving is a great experince!We took full advantage of the room service having our lunch bought to us each day and indulging in private dining on our decking. We were impressed with the food too.We stayed here for 3 nights which is about right as there are limited things to do, unless you just want to relax in a very small resort.	
Jan 4 2008	al maha no adveture	I found the rsort to be less thanthe expectations i had. The activities were very dull, i did not have the chance to book any spa time, and there was no flexibility regarding the schedule and my particular needs. Food was pretty good.. the site promises much more than what was actually offered.	
Jan 2 2008	A fantastic resort	We stayed here for 3 nights and found the experience wonderful. The staff were execellent and nothing was too much trouble. The room with swimming pool was the best we had stayed in.	
Dec 28 2007	Desert Paradise	Was looking for a different experience from beach or city stay so decided on the desert--as it turned out, December was perfect for it... 30 deg C in the day, 15 to 20 deg C at night. The resort itself beyond fault... we requested and got a secluded and private suite (all standalone suites here) that come with a large heated pool (the pool guy comes around and asks you if 28 d Celsius for the water is ok?) The oryx and deer come right up to the pool and there is myriad birds flitting about. The inclusive activities (camel riding out at sunset, watching falconry exhibit etc) are on the staid side so we engaged a related company to take us sand boarding, dune bashing, quad biking and hotair ballooning. All very exciting! The food (also inclusive) was excellent most times, especially when they had the set menu instead of the buffet. Wines are a bit costly.We intended to avoid the city thus we stayed for 4 mights. However it seems that most people just stay for a night or 2. When we left for the city a night before our flight, we immediately missed the crisp desert air and the quiet. It was a most romantic and memorable trip and the resort played a large part in it.	
Dec 3 2007 	This place is amazing	This place is fantastic and ideal if you just want to relax and spend time on your own. If you are staying in one of the Bedouin Suites then ask to stay in Suite 23 which is the most private. From the terrace and infinity pool you can only see the desert - it is truly magical. The private pool is sizeable and the bedroom and bathroom is massive.There is a restaurant but we ate most of our meals in our room and I would definitley recommend for an extra 100 dirums having your evening meal served to you in your room as it so special. Food was excellent apart from dinner this should be of a higher quality with more choice for the price charged, however, this did not detract from our stay. Also, we were unaware but you can also ask the chef for local cuisine for dinner which we would have liked to have sampled if we had known.Service is excellent and it is fun being picked up on a golf cart and being whizzed to whereever you want to go to. Two activites per day are included in the price and we did camel trekking both of which I would recommend. We did not have any spa treats but the gym was great with uptodate modern equipment. I would definitly go back to this hotel!	
Nov 30 2007 	WOW! One of the best places on earth	The best and only thing to see in Dubai: a (minimum) two night stay at Al Maha!The suite is fantastic, service level excellent and the field guides knowledgable about all that happens in the desert.The dinner on your private deck (excellent room service waiter, Errol) is a once in a life time experience. So is waking up before sunset to do the falconry or go &quot;dune bashing&quot;.Then - plenty of time to relax at the suites private pool...Difficult to beat this place.	
Nov 10 2007 	Wonderful stay at Al Maha Desert Resort	We stayed at the Al Maha Resort for two nights, like all guests usually do. It was one of the most enjoyable experiences in my life. The accommodations in the 75sq meter &quot;villas&quot; with private swimming pool, in the middle of the desert and all the amenities it offers, were just fabulous. The staff, service and all the personal &quot;pampering&quot;they gave you from the moment they welcomed you on the steps of the resort with their cold drinks in their hands, was excellent. They gave you a feeling of warm hospitality and there is not one fault that we found. It took them only a few minutes after you gave them a call, to send a buggy to pick you up, to deliver free bottles of water, towels, pick up your clothes for complimentary ironing or anything your heart desired. The young guides, who took you to the two complimentary activities per day to the desert, were experienced and especially nice. All in all it is an ideal vacation, if you need to be &quot;spoiled&quot; and enjoy the beautiful scenery of the country and the experience of life in the desert, accompanied by luxury and pampering!	
Nov 5 2007 	Good but not amazing	Stayed at the al maha for two nights at the end of our trip to dubai. having spent 10 nights at the one and only resiedence and spa.[ see separate revue] . as nice as it is ,stunning rooms with private pools.I dont think its any better than the top hotels on the beach ,ie the madinet and i would have to say a step down from the resiedence.There is also a constant smell of oryx urine, it might not bother most but i didnt like it.So to sum up, i think you would be better of staying by the beach and taking a trip to the desert on a tour, its no more luxurious than the top hotels albeit apart from the private pool.	
Oct 31 2007 	Paradise....without the kids next time	Booked in two nights at Al Maha Resort having spent 5 nights in Gotham city which goes by the name Dubai.Contrast couldn`t be more stark.....driving out of Dubai gave a little sense of relief,although the luxury hotels could not be faulted.Drove to the guarded entrance and greeted by Tolla,our South African &quot;Ranger&quot;-all the rangers seemed to be from that region(better money,conditions and Emirates flight &quot;perks&quot; helped!).At hotel,a personal attendant/Butler is appointed to satisfy your every need(Delightful Kenyan chap who couldn`t be more friendly and a Chelsea supporter to boot!)-golf buggys are on hand to save your poor little legs from walking around the complex if you become too tired and stressed.Rooms are fantastic.We were in 12 which was very secluded with a good view of the watering hole,and the children in 10.The individual heated pool is exceptional and I spent a long time relaxing over a G&amp;T during the stay(No costume required!).We arranged a meal,served on our balcony the first night...which has to be the Sri Lankan Curry-attentive service without being overbearing...truely very special.Breakfast and Lunch are served in the restaurant as the terms are full board,although I must admit Lunch could quite happily have been skipped.Evening meal in the restaurant(or more accurately outside the restaurant) was good without being outstanding.The girls had Spa treatments which sounded great...but probably not the most luxurious spa I have visited.There are activities included-either very early(5-6am) or late in the day taken by the rangers-children loved the camal safari and Jeep sand Dune safari-although this was much more tame than I remember from my last trip to Dubai maybe 10 years ago.The children loved it.....but I still feel they can`t really appreciate the place and everything is geared much more towards adults.In summation.....go on,treat yourself...it`s a couple of days of escapism,great fun,luxurious and if you like being pampered and treated royaly,forget the cost and take the plunge	
Oct 4 2007	If you want tranquility quality and some zest in your love life..:)	&quot;This is THE place for a dirty weekend&quot; a friend urged when he persuaded me to go to Al Maha. Was he right! I will return to the service etc in a moment - but if you want to have an unforgettably romantic time with your husband/wife/partner/lover.....this is the place to go. The private plunge pools are perfect for skinny dipping - put 'do not disturb' on your villa door, and you won't be! - and the villas are beautifully appointed...double bath, magnificent shower etc......SUPERBSo is it worth the (considerable) money? The food is very good without being outstanding. We stayed for three nights and although the Maitre d' wandered about the beautiful dining terrace, he never spoke to us once. I only got to know about a Hammour special from his conversation on a neighbouring table.The service is outstanding: cheerful and discreet. The waiter at the Spa (amazing pool) knew my name and suite number having served me only once the previous day. Turn down comes complete with scented candles and illuminated plunge pool.Answer: yes, it is. It is very expensive, and so take time to shop around for a deal if you can, but this is a break to save for - you will appreciate it more for having done so.One or two posts here talk of disappointment due to comparing it with African safaris. This is, of course, completely ridiculous. There is no game, other than the wandering oryxs and some small buck. It is, perhaps, the fault of the hotel that is comes armed with genuine South African rangers who greet you on arrival...maybe that raises the expectation. Treat this place for what it is: a beautiful, tranquil and awsome retreat which makes a perfect 3 day (2 days, just) escape from the building works and ever increasing Essex accents in the hotels of Dubai.	
Sep 26 2007	pure escapism	We have just returned from our second visit to Al Maha and this was just as &quot;special&quot; as our first visit. We stayed our first 3 nights at Burj Al Arab and although it was a wonderful experience staying at such an opulent hotel, our stay at Al Maha still did it for us. we stayed for 5 nights this time and could easily have stayed for another week. We were so sad to leave. Al Maha to us is like staying with friends!!! When we arrived we were greeted by our resort host, Samira, who was our host last visit too. We immediately felt at home when we saw her. She is such a genuine and friendly person, always smiling and nothing was ever any trouble for her. We were also introduced to our field guide, Jaques, who too was such a lovely guy, always happy to see us and very knowledgable too. We did the Falconry (highly recommend) and also the wildlife drive which were both excellent. We were in suite 35 which is the furthest away suite and very private. We had views of the waterhole from our pool and in the evening were uently visited by inquisitive Oryx artound our suite and pool but this only added to the atmosphere of the place. Our suite was absolutely beautiful and immaculate. Even housekeeping staff were so friendly . Not to mention the staff who took our laundry away and returned it a couple of hours later, all washed and ironed...very proffessionally done. Can I add that this is all complimentary too. Bulgari toiletries were replaced every day and the shower was HUGE!!! The bath was massive too and his and her sinks with his and her robes and slippers for our use. I loved having our own pool and the huge wooden decking area around our suite with two padded sunloungers was just what I wanted. I could get up in the morning and have a quick dip in our pool before breakfast.The food in our opinion was the best we have tasted anywhere. I could not get enough of their icecream. Absolute heaven!!!! The ambience of this place was incredible, especially having dinner by candlelight overlooking the desert. we were looking for somewhere to totally chill out and this is exactly what we were able to do here. We had a chat with the manager, Mr Silvis, and he was such a genuinely friendly guy. He took time to chat with us and ask about our family and we could tell he was not just talking to us&quot;because he had to&quot;, he seemed genuinely interested in talking with us. When we arrived in our suite, waiting for us was a bottle of champagne and a card welcoming us back. It is the little touches like that which make it such a special place.  With luxury thrown in and staff the most friendly you could ever hope to meet, Al Maha, for us, is heaven. I do not think anywhere will ever be as special and perfect as Al Maha is to us. We have already decided to return next year. Mr Silvis and all his staff certainly made our stays so wonderful. Al Maha is somewhere I would highly recommend if you are looking to get away from all the hustle and bustle of everyday life. i just hope it never changes and does not get too popular!!!! It is truly perfection.	
Sep 22 2007	Absolutely amazing!!!!!!!!	Amazing! I have never experienced anything like it. The resort is breath-taking, luxury beyond belief. The staff are so welcoming, friendly, chatty, helpful and just so wonderful, they will make you feel very special. It is hard to write the experience in words, to see it is to believe it, but we are definately coming back.We have been spoilt rotton with exceptional service (get amazing food dlivered to your suite at anytime), and have done some wonderful activities like 4x4 safari, falconry, archery or just relaxed at the amazing spa.If you are looking for a break in fantastic surroundings, to be spoilt beyond belief and want to totally relax in peace and quiet then this is the place to come! You will love it!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Sep 17 2007 	wonderful place in the desert	We stayed at Al Maha for three days in july. It was about 45 degrees celsius in the middel of the day so all the activities took place in the early morning or in the late afternoon. We especially liked to go for a walk in the ealy morning or go out for the desert drive. The desert was so beautiful-colours of red and yellow! The camel drive at sunset was also great fun.Al Maha is SO good, smiling,helpful people everywhere and a very relaxed athmosphere, you really feel welcomed and &quot;at home&quot;. The suites are absolutely fabulous and the service as well. The spa/pool area was exellent as well as the food in the restaurant. We want especially to thank Beth for letting us use her email-account to get in touch with our daughter at home. She also arranged for us a table at the fabulous friday brunch at Burj al Arab when we left for Dubai city! We really long to come back and stay longer the next time we visit Dubai! Al Maha is expensive, but worth every penny!	
Sep 7 2007 	Superb oasis of tranquility	We stayed in Al Maha for 4 nights in September 2006. We had the standard room which comprises a completely segregated individual building with bedroom and lounge area overlooking a private pool through patio doors, with a bathroom behind it the bedroom, which has a separate side patio door onto the terrace as well. There is a useful small desk area with WiFi as you come through the front door. The pictures on their website are accurate as to the room etc, that’s exactly what you get in a standard room - there are 2 bigger suites with multiple bedrooms etc - not needed for your average person staying there.This was unquestionably the best hotel we have ever stayed in. It is interesting to read some of the negative reviews below. The issue here is that Al Maha is a specific type of ambience and clientele, that if you don’t fit in you won't like. I found it absolutely perfect. Yes it is absolutely dead quiet, no you never bump into other guests, yes dinner is a quiet affair in the evening. Brilliant! I am happy to pay for that to avoid children (prohibited at Al Maha), general unruliness or anything that disturbs my relaxation time. I have limited amounts of it, and I want it to be unspoiled, which is exactly what Al Maha delivers. If you are looking for an energetic venue, don’t book the Al Maha - its entirely designed to be a total relaxation experience - there is not much &quot;to do&quot;, that's the whole idea.... The resort is an &quot;all inclusive&quot; basis, save that alcoholic beverages are extra, but not extortionate (though not cheap!) . It was still very hot when we went (and also Ramadan) so we weren't particularly in the mood for heavy drinking - a couple of G&amp;Ts on the balcony pre dinner from Upul the excellent barman were great, and a bottle of red with dinner. Any other beverages are complimentary and you can order them from room service at any time, or if you walk to the Spa they will also make all sorts of smoothies fruit juices etc for you there.We were there during Ramadan, and there was no issue with alcohol at all, other than, please don’t walk around during the day with it - broadly this translated as they couldn’t serve alcohol at the Main Pool, other than that do whatever you like - again order form room service if needed.The arrival process as others have commented involves being sat in a little staging area with some drinks and dates whilst they explain how the resort works and introduce your personal resort guide and activities guide. I guess the idea here is to generate integration and personalisation which does work well. We didn’t particularly see either of those again, not for any positive or negative reason, but we didn’t their services. People complaining about a lack of golf karts below. Not an issue for us, we chose to walk. It was pleasant to walk to dinner in the evening and breakfast in the morning, I don’t particularly feel the need to summon a driver for a 100m walk. Frankly I would have been embarrassed to call room service to send someone to pick me up for such a short distance. Admittedly some of the outer rooms are a little further but not a long distance at all.The central pool and spa area was generally deserted for most of the day! Brilliant - we found the whole place to be so quiet and peaceful it was truly a supremely relaxing time. We tended to slip over in the afternoon for some smoothies and a swim in the bigger pool, pending the arrival of the daily camel trek.The comments about the game drive etc being a little faux, or missing something, I can understand. It is a little bit touristy (think Big cameras, bigger voices and even bigger spare tyres depending on your fellow guests...). However, that is entirely surpassed by the seclusion you have at all other times. Certainly if you are looking for a safari, don’t go to Al Maha, do it properly in SA. It is not intended to be a full on safari experience. The camel trek out at sunset is great fun. We skipped the game spotting, walking stuff, and did the Dune Drive and the Falconry. We only ever had 3 guests plus a guide in the 4WDs which was fine for us. 4 guests would be unacceptable and I would refuse that for the dune drive as it is a little violent at times, and you need to be strapped in and have something to hold on to. We had both pre-departure drinks and snacks available in the ante room behind the bar, so not sure if other reviewers didn’t find this or there was some problem - we didn’t struggle to get a refreshment at any time.The food was fantastic at breakfast , we were generally so full we generally skipped lunch and afternoon tea, and just took dinner. The lunch and afternoon tea looked great from when we walked by, but we didn’t indulge. The evening food is not 3 Michelin *, but its worthy of 1. It's perfectly pleasant, very tasty, carefully thought out menus, well executed, with pleasant service - absolutely fine. You can have better dining experiences of course, but not in the middle of the dessert, under flame cauldrons providing the light, with just the silence of the dessert to hear and a water hole to look at. We didn’t order room service so cant comment on wait times, but we did have dinner one night on our own terrace, like a fellow reviewer the Sri Lankan curry recommended by Upul. I love curry, and this was fantastic - one of the top 5 curry experiences of all time. Certainly better than Benares, Cinnamon Club etc in London.The local Oryx were certainly very inquisitive and plentiful when we were there - always in the morning one could be found sitting just beyond the end of our pool and you could see them on the plains during the day sitting under the trees. They do wander round the resort, and we had a slightly unnerving experience where one seemed to take a dislike to us, dropped down a little and had a mini charge at us, but then broke off and went back to nibbling the grass - one of those wild animal things. I am genuinely surprised at how anyone, who had the same experience we did, could rate this as anything other than perfect. Maybe their experiences, were not as good, mine however was perfect. I would unequivocally recommend this hotel. But if you're looking for activity, it will not be your thing.	
Sep 3 2007 	Fantastic get away from the rat race	Arrived early morning after the BA night flight, were greeted with drinks and cold towels and then after a very short time were shown to our fabulous &quot;room&quot; they explained everything even telling us that the laundry service was free of charge, I have to say that we made full use of this. After we had a sleep my husband decided that he did not like this room as it did not have a view of the watering hole, where most of the wildlife congregates, it was no problem we were moved the next morning and they even packed and unpacked for us.You can do as much or as little as you want in this resort , I did nothing could not face the 5.00 am starts!! I literally spent the whole time reading and sitting in the pool which is heaven when it is 47 degrees.The food is fantastic and the review that says you can only have 2 items of the room service menu must have had half her menu missing!! I have never had a lobster and prawn salad like it. We stayed here for 3 nights and then went to the Burj Al Arab for 3 nights but to be honest could have stayed here for the full 6 nights, absolutely wonderful and would not hesitate to go back. Staff are wonderful and cannot do enough for you, a real haven in a busy world !	
Aug 6 2007 	Expectations raised but not met.............	Stayed at the Al Maha on the 12th July in Suite 12. This suite is very close to the main hotel and consequently very conveneient but maybe a little noisier than others. The room was lovely as was were the staff and the food. A bottle of wine with the meal was a very reasonable 227 Dhs and good too. The evening sundowner trip was excellent and well worth attending however we did not sample any of the other activities.My only gripe was that on booking they enquired if it was a special event. I let them know it was my wifes 40th birthday and was pleasantly surprised when they offered a complimentary birthday cake and event went as far to ask for any specific wording I wanted on the cake!. Well the cake didn't make an appearance at any point during the stay. Now some of you might think that a missing free cake is nothing to complain about however with a hotel of this level to raise a customers expectations and then fail to deliver is inexcusable. To make matters worse I e.mailed them after the event to ask what had happened but to add insult to injury they offered no explanation - just 20% off spa treatments on a next visit! I didn't want a voucher - just an explanation.In short a nice place but they are sorely missing on the execution aspect. A similar visit to the Burj Al Arab was flawlessly executued and for the next special event we will be going back there not to the AL Maha to redeem a discount spa voucher! They seem to have failed to credit my skywards air miles to despite the fact I gave them the number on 3 seperate occasions.If perdection is your expectation then look elsewhere if I were you.............	
Jul 26 2007	Amazing!	Amazing. You can read all the other reviews for details, but my wife and I thought the place was magical, the service second to none, the food exqusite, the location idyllic, the room very special, and activities great. Would I come again - you bet!!If you can, everybody should stay here at least once.	
Jun 25 2007 	An absolute retreat from hectic madness!	We have just returned from our first visit to Dubai spending our first 5 nights at the Al Maha. I have to disagree strongly with some of the other reviews criticising this place, as it truly was &quot;heaven on earth&quot;!We were greeted on arrival after a long overnight flight, they quickly checked us in and took us down for some breakfast before we retired to our beautiful suite which looked directly over a watering hole, teeming with wildlife (which never needed to be herded by the field guides as was implied in another review!).After a nap we phoned our field guide who came down to our suite to explain the various activities we could participate in. Thanks to Christelle and the other field guides who made it all so much fun! We did the dune drive, wildlife walk, falconry, archery, sunset drive and wildlife drive, all of which were fab. (Much enjoyed the Oryx Poo Spitting Competition, although you have to have a good sense of fun to be offered this little gem of an extra - stuffed shirts need not apply!!)As it was around 50 degrees most days, it was too hot to eat outside, although some did! Other reviews have criticised the food for not being 5 star, I have to say we never had a bad meal and we are real foodies! It was all of the highest quality, if it was not on the menu, ask, and they will do their best to provide what you want, the waiter service was fantastic and the birthday cake produced for me was absolutely delicious.You could eat until you burst - with big breakfasts, 3 course lunches, 5 course evening meals and room service all at no extra cost. Also the laundry service was free, and some of our clothes had never been so well ironed!The only things needing to be paid for were drinks, mini bar, and spa treatments. There was water available free in suites and in the spa at all times of the day and sherry left in your suite along with tea and coffee making facilities.If you are a person who needs to be entertained, likes noise or feels the need to mingle with other guests then this place is not for you! It's a real haven of peace where you can completely relax and enjoy your privacy.Our nights consisted of: a cocktail at the bar chating with Upul, (the friendly barman, who organised my birthday treats and the wonderful Sri Lankan dinner) followed by a wonderful dinner, a nightcap and then bed.So if you are looking for attention to detail, personal service of the highest standard, good food, interesting wildlife, and above all peace and quiet (apart from the noise of the laughing doves!) then this place is well worth the money.We will be going back, all be it at a slightly less hot time of year!	
May 30 2007	A world of Luxury and Relaxation	We had our honeymoon and I was like paradise. It's expensive but it worths every penny spent. It's a 7-star heaven in the desert. With your private swimming pool you are like a king.	
May 28 2007 	High expectations - met in every regard	This is without doubt an excellent place to go to truly get away from it all. The arrival - after about 5km of unsealed roads we get to a beautiful, cool and imposing main lodge (it was 110F outside). We were given a very professional and easy going welcome. They knew who we were and cut short the check-in to take us to the restaurant before lunch closed at 230pm . The room - After lunch, check-in was completed and we were taken to our room - actually a stand-alone octagonal building, very high quality fittings / bed / furniture / bathroom with an unhindered view of the desert over our own private pool, not huge but enough for a swim. We were not overlooked in any way. Jumped straight in! Complimentary high-speed internet is included.The service - they must make an incredible effort to remember everyones names and dining preferences. Everyone, down to the gardeners knew our names and that we were vegetarian. We were greeted wherever we went. We have stayed at many top end hotels and this was the best of the best for service. The food - there is a set menu, with a range of choices and a vegetarian option, but if you fancy something else, they wil rustle it up for you, no bother. For example on day one we didn't fancy the lunch menu option and asked for a penne arrabiata - 15 minutes later they arrived and very good they were too. The barman, Upul, suggested a Sri Lankan curry for an evening meal - it was easily aranged, we were shown a special menu they designed in detail in the afternoon and it was great. He even made special efforts to bring a wider range of vegetarian hor's de ourvres to the bar for us. Wine was not free, but was good quality and well priced for Dubai.The gym - small, but new equipment and overlooking the shared, larger pool area. They even have one of the new powerplate machines.The Spa - my wife had a few treatments, collected in one of the house buggy's - they'll pick you up and drop you off anywhere, anytime. She said it was great.The activities - again very easy going and inclusive. There are a range of options such as a falconry display, sundowners in the desert via camel or 4x4 Landcruiser, visit to the larger dunes / desert drive via 4x4 Landcruiser and so on. Now I'm not normally one for boring staged events, but all were great. The best was the desert drive, with some serious dune driving at high speed, marvellous. Thanks to Dreis, the guide allocated to us at check-in who sorted all of our stuff out, all was done flexibly and knowledgeably. Most of the guides are South African or similiar and come from African lodges, they know their stuff about the local flora and forna, believe me. Al Maha is well respected where they come from.The departure - again excellent, relaxed and professional. We paid about £500 a night all in, but spent nothing else. We got to see and hear the desert and we got true peace and quiet and total choice over what to do and when. We stayed at the Burj Al Arab for a few nights after and booked a Rolls Royce Silver Seraph to take us there (about 90 minutes away). They sent a newish Rolls Royce Phantom instead; and much fun it was riding in a $500K Rolls down a dirt track for 5km. You don't get to do that every day.Al Maha is very good and we will be going back.	
May 28 2007 	Absolutely immaculate	We travelled to Dubai in May 2007 for 10 days and stayed in Al Maha Resort for 2 days. We were absolutely amazed. Everything was beyond our expectations. We have travelled around the world but Al Maha and Dubai are one among the best places in terms of 'holiday dreams and being spoilt'. I do not think there was a single thing I could complain about. The service, food, staff, accommodation, the client centred approach were just out of this world. Everything was possible and everything just worked. You also have your own swimming pool and a lot of privacy! Afterwards, we stayed in One &amp; Only Royal Mirage hotel, Dubai that we highly recommend as well. Dubai is a place we are planning to visit again Kind regards,	
May 9 2007 	waste of money-disappointing	i stayed in this hotel in april 2007 and i must say i was so disappointed.let me start from the start,coming up to the entrance of this wild reserve,security and big gates,was thinking..this could be a good experience,well for 1400 dollars-i was expecting it to be...thru one gate,driving on sandy roads and then to another gates,in the distance i could see the villa roofs,40 odd in all,got up to reception,brought in and sat down where you have a girl and then a guide introduces himself and tells you straight away about excursions like horse riding,camels,nature etc and then asks you if ur interested...for god sake,i am just after getting out of a car after a long drive,all i want to do is get to the villa and not speak to crocodile dundee yet...so anyway after being bored by this guy,we were brought to the villa,very nice i must say,a fine bed and bid oval bath,we were then told that the bottle of water was free.....oh thanks a lot and that everything else was not bar some cherry in a jar..we are not 90 years old.....the girl then told us that we could order food for dinner to have atthe poolside but only 2 things from the menu...at this stage,i was thinking,are these people joking...for 1400 or above,i wud expect to have what i wanted without being screwed for more money so sitting out eventually,not an orynx in site until i saw in the midst,two jeeps hearding some towards our direction,,,a bit of a con really...i say their attitude was get some animals so that they can see,i could be wrong but i doubt itso sitting out for an hour or so and then it started to get cloudy.....brilliant i sai...here comes a SAND STORM,so we bailed in doors,40 mins later,the whold place was thick with sand...nothing to worry about babe....they will send someone up to clean up the place..................no one...so that was the end of sunbathing....i then went out later on an excursion....it was hot hot...got back from it and mouth was hanging it was dry...not a sign or offer of water or anything...went to the bar in the main lobby and no bar man,found a maintenance guy and he found someone to give me a sprite before i keeled over......they actually took away jugs of water froma room where you meet up prior to excursions....................absolutely rediculous..i said to myselfso went outside main building where reception was and guess what.no buggy to take me to villa.....10/15 mins later,one came a long,went up and told my wife about no water and she couldnt believe....so we decided to get ready and head to the bar at around 8pm for a drink or two before the meal...no guests there...went onto terrace by bar,,4 older couples stearing into the darkness........pitch black and no on talkign...i could of jumped off at this stage,,,,we went to other outdoor area and had 2 drinks before heading down for dinner....a set menu.......it was....most tables were full but no one was making a sound...as my father is an undertaker,there was more nice in one of his parlours i was thinking......so ate the food and went back to villa thinking it might be cleaned outside at this stage....no waywe sat down and just taked about how diappointing the whole place was and a waste of money,a complete waste,we could of got the burj for the same money and will do the next time...so a warning to fello people....dont go ,its not worth it and use your money for a better place unless u like silence,quiteness to extreme's and bad service in general	
Mar 27 2007 	dissapointing	Al Maha is absolutely overrated in every detail. Yes, as others have stated, the rooms are beautiful as is the setting and location. But that’s about it. Don’t expect a wildlife experience of any kind. The so called “game drives” are only about 1 hour and you will be seated with 4 (3 at the back seat, so with 1 middle seat !)The quality of the food is average and room service takes hours. Just a Club Sandwich for lunch took an hour and 10 minutes to be delivered.After you have had your activity there’s really not much to do. Spa is adequate but despite our request for a male therapist and confirmation towards that, there wasn’t any.All in all absolutely not worth the price asked.	
Jan 22 2007	Peaceful tranquil a must to get away from the norm rat race	Wow this place is everything i imagined and more. The place is the best escape i have ever experienced. The staff were fabulous, the setting, the rooms, etc. The camel ride was great fun, and riding the arabs at 7am across the dunes was awesome. If i have to fault this place it would be on the restaurant food, not a great choice and definately not a 5* restaurant, shame it let it down, as everything else was definately 5*. The staff are superb.	
Jan 19 2007	Made to fee like a personal guest	The Al-Maha is an interesting resort. Like many things in Dubai it is an imported concept and given a local flavour or twist. The Al-Maha is a cross between an African safari lodge but with a Middle East twist mixed with the luxury concept of an Oberoi or Banyan Tree Resort and Spa. It is a bit Disney-seque as it is a “created” nature reserve. The grounds was previously a camel farm which was converted to a nature reserve. There are watering holes dotted around (about 22) for the animals, although some of exposed piping gives the game away that these area are natural. The oryx and gazelles were brought into the reserve. The reserve has both plains (for the animals) and sandy dunes if you want to go dune bashing or sand-surfing.The Oberoi/Banyan Tree elements include individual villas with a “tented roof”, luxury furnishings, private pool with each villa, golf buggy service between villa/restaurant/spa, excellent Spa treatments, the friendliness of asian/far eastern staff, good quality food and top quality service with a smile at all times. I would say that the service exceeded our expectation even for a top notch resort. You definitely noticed the personal touch. The waiter remember our names and the restaurant/bar staff got chatting to us like family by the second day we were there. You were made to feel like their personal guest not just another hotel occupant.The safari lodge elements include early morning (around 6:30am – we came to relax so we gave the morning activities a miss) and late afternoon (4pm) activities, south african guides and management, all the ‘lodges’ are angled to face a watering hole, all activities and meals are inclusive and strangely but excellently for Dubai – no service charge! Gratuities are left at your own discretion at the end of your stay. The restaurant staff and guides are such that you really do want to leave something for them and not a token amount too. We stayed over New Year’s Eve and there was no supplement to the price or the New Year’s Eve celebration. Free activities include a camel ride ending on top of a sand dune where a table has been laid out with sundowner drinks (champagne and other soft drinks) and nibbles, riding (proper thorough-breds so not for the beginner), falcon, dune safari (definitely a before breakfast or any food activity) and archery, etc. They offer a drive around the reserve to see the scenery, understand the lay of the land and see the animals. To be honest, we saw more animals close up walking between the restaurant and the room. Yes, you will find the odd gazelle or oryx grazing on the grass in the resort. We were originally concerned on arrival when we saw hoof marks in the sand by our private pool when they came for a drink. The animals are wild (i.e. note pets) so do not approach. That is also why they restrict small children from staying there in the interest of safety as the children may run around and approach these animals unsupervised. There is a pair of good quality binoculars that we used to view small groups of animals grazing and strangely, some fellow guests going for a walk on their own to the watering hole. We found this to be a strange concept but then, unlike an African safari, there are no man-eating animals around in the desert reserve. The great service concept here extends to co-ordinate all the activities for each guest. They noticed that I booked a massage at the Spa that clashed with the end of my camel trek as I got the times mixed up. After phoning me, the Spa contacted my field guide to arrange for him to pick me up after sundower drinks in the jeep and drive me back to the Spa instead of riding back on the camel. The jeep drove up just as everyone was heading back to the camel after finishing our drinks when the sun had set.Minuses (but all bar one of these apply to any African safari lodges)The hotel is really in the middle of the no-where in the desert. No evening entertainmentNo airport pre-immigration meeting and greet (which you would get when you stay with the Jumeriah Hotel Group, Shangri-la, One and Only, etc) when you book a car through the hotel for a transferThe accomodation grounds are large so it may be a trek to your tentPlusesFriendly staff and great serviceBeautiful accommodation with private poolAll-inclusive meals (breakfast, lunch and dinner along with cake at tea-time and before morning activities). Also inclusive are the odd special meal, picnic and outdoor dinner that can be arranged on request. One field guide and one hotel reception staff assign to you throughout your stay.The offer of golf buggy rides by staff when they see you trek back to your room.	
Dec 9 2006	A little disappointing	As Dubai residents, we decided to finally sample the famous resort out in the desert, a mere 1.5 hours drive from our home in Jumierah.Despite all the hype (and to some degree the mystique), the experience wasn't quite what we'd hoped or imagined. Yes it's beautiful, yes it's remote and tranquil and yes the desert is breathtaking but the devils in the detail as they say...The restaurant expereince is very average. I'm surprised by some of the reviews prior to this but frankly ladies and gents, this is nothing special and doesn't match the standards and settings of other more well known resorts in Dubai. We found the food average, the service a little slow and painful and the enviroment very bland...a great shame as the opportunity for a serious interior designer is just crying out. Also, there are no 'local' staff. Staggering considering this is a resort influeunced by local architecture and lifestyle. A sprinkling of some local faces would go a long way to further delivering the 'real desert' expereince.And finally, despite the claims of 'widllife-watching', our activity on the last day gave sight to only a few gazelles and Oryx...which was ironcially upstaged by the trip home!On a postive note however, you do get to completly unwind and relax. The setting is very quiet, peaceful and utterly charming. Our suite was stunning and gave a magical edge that made up for one or two of the above shortcomings.On the whole, a very expensive experience questionably worth it's reputation.	
Nov 28 2006 	Desert oasis	We stayed at Al Maha for just one night - the first of our honeymoon - and it proved a magical start to the holiday. We'd requested a quiet room in advance, and were allocated Suite 23 rigtht at the edge of the complex just feet away from the desert. The welcome and the service was faultless, and dinner served course by course on our own terrace was superb. Yes, it's expensive, but to be honest just a night or two is probably enough.	
Nov 25 2006 	Not worth the price	We spent a week-end in this unique resort located in the desert outside Dubai city. The location is great, and every suite is nicely arranged, with your private swimming pool overlooking the desert.The staff is generally very friendly, we would even say that waiters and maids are above the average in similar luxury hotels. The guides, usually from South Africa, will take you for a horse or camel-ride, and share with you their passion for the desert. Last but not least, the food is excellent.We had, however, two incidents that spoiled our stay at Al Maha:- On the first day there, our car was damaged in front of the reception by another guest's vehicle. We were told by the reception lady that she knew who this other guest was, but that she couldn't disclose his identity since he was a &quot;national&quot; (i.e. a national from the United Arab Emirates). The hotel kindly arranged for the police to come and state the damage for our insurance company, but refused to provide any other information, since their guests from Europe or elsewhere remain &quot;second class&quot; compared to local guests that have the privilege of a UAE nationality.- On the second day, we had organized a en-suite romantic dinner by our private pool. Starters came, but then we had to wait for an hour (and a phone call to the reception) before the main course followed. Not really the kind of service you would expect for a USD1,000 per night -full board- charge...	
Nov 20 2006 	Heavenly Oasis	We spent 2 nights at the Al Maha after being in Dubai for 4 days. I'd done quite a lot of research into this place beforehand but it still exceeded my expectations. The Bedouin Suites are amazing - they are huge, with a massive bed, and 2 chaise longues. Outside there is a shaded terrace with sunbeds and best of all, your own private plunge pool. The bulgari toiletries in the bathroom are heavenly.We found the activities to be very well organised the the field guides were all extremely knowledgeable. They knew all about the animals and plants, yet they were also experts at dune-driving, camel riding and falconry! Yes, a couple of the activities are a bit touristy, the camel trekking in particular, but overall we didn't feel as if we were being herded along with lots of other people. In fact we were the only 2 people at the falconry display that we went to, and holding one of the falcons was an amazing experience. The dune-driving, or &quot;wadi-bashing&quot; is not to be missed - not only a great experience, but it also takes part in an area of the reserve where the camels roam freely. On the morning that we went, we were privileged to see a new born camel taking its first steps. One of the other highlights was seeing 2 oryx wandering around by our pool. The restaurant at the hotel is superb, although personally I found the buffet breakfast and lunch a little monotonous. In the evening it's more special as there are 5 courses for dinner and it's all waiter service. All the tables are set up on the outside terrace to overlook a floodlit watering hole so you can see the oryx taking an evening drink. Overall, I'd thoroughly recommend the Al Maha. Yes this is a resort truly worthy of it's 5 stars, but it is also contributing to the conservation effort in this part of Dubai.	
Sep 15 2006 	WOW	We spent 5 nights at the Al Maha during our honeymoon, and l have to say, we are hooked. Tranquility, fantastic service and views to die for. I am not ashamed to say that we both shed a tear as we left. The waiters were the friendliest we have ever encountered, the food was amazing (forget the diet). You have the choice of so many fantastic activities with your own guide, and there is no pressure to take part. We are returning next year, and l can't wait! Alittle bit of heaven on earth	
Sep 10 2006 	Flawless	We stayed here for the last four nights of our honeymoon, having been in the Maldives for a week and the Arabian Court for three nights. After the bustle of the city, we were in the mood to slow the pace again for the last few days and Al Maha was perfect. The room was sensational. The bed, which was extremely comfortable, was the biggest I've ever slept in, it must have been eight feet across. The plunge pool was big enough to slowly swim across in two or three breast strokes. (You can contact reception in the main building to request a change in temperature if you wish, although ours was already perfect). Lounging around in the room was very comfortable and that would be important if you were there in the hotter months, when the heat will drive you off your veranda and indoors. The weather in early December was perfect. The staff are with you in minutes if you wish to be driven to the main building by shaded golf cart. We didn't need to do this as our room was fairly close to the centre and it wasn't high summer. Whilst the resort is compact, the room felt extremely private, even when lounging in the plunge pool or sitting on the deck. I hope I can comment helpfully on the activities offered, as we were there for a day longer than the typical three night stay and therefore did almost all of the activities that are on offer. I saw the comment from an earlier reviewer that the activities were done in groups that were too large. I didn't find the activites that were done in groups were spoiled by that at all. The camel treck (hideously uncomfortable, but worth it for some amusing photos and memories) is in a large group, but there's no false bonhomie imposed on you. The majority of people at the resort are not the type to foist themselves on you in an excess of sociability, and we chatted occasionally, and briefly, to one or two other couples but nothing more. Our sundown drive to the dunes for a drink was done alone, but we were joined by the camel trekkers - again, not a problem. We had an evening &quot;safari walk&quot; with our activity guide, a likeable and knowledgeable South African. That was just him and the two of us, and was informative and in a beautiful setting as the sun went down. I grant you, any use of the word &quot;safari&quot; is over-egging things a bit, the wildlife doesn't get more exciting than the oryx and the gazelles. We also did archery (which I don't think is a popular choice, but was great fun) and falconry, which is mainly watching display from the handler, but again he was extremely informative and we were able briefly to handle the birds. I thought the food was very high class indeed. The gym and the pool are well-appointed and reasonably big. The treatments in the spa are pricey (like that's a surprise in any spa, anywhere) but very well done. I think I may have upset a masseuse when I got a fit of the giggles as she rubbed heated fresh dates into my feet during the &quot;frankincense facial&quot; but I couldn't help it. One tip - if you are there at the same time of year as us, wrap up well for dinner, which is still taken outdoors and it gets very chilly. They do provide blankets if you need them, but you may prefer you own clothes! To conclude, Al Maha is a bit different, compliments a few days in the city very well, and is in my view worth every penny. A superb holiday experience.	
Aug 18 2006 	Al Maha is an experience not to be missed	We have stayed in some wonderful resorts before (e.g. The Datai in Langkawi, Malaysia), but this location was the best. We had read previous reports in Trip Advisor about this resort and the recommendation that Suite number 11 is very secluded. We were lucky enough to be allocated this very suite number. The views of the desert were uninterrupted and the oryx often came to drink water from our pool or to lie under the shade of the trees near our suite. There is a main pool, but the hotel doesn't readily advertise this. The suites are spacious and well maintained. You can truly escape from all the pressures of life in this hotel. We had stayed 6 nights at the Ritz Carlton on Jumeirah Beach before we came to the Al Maha and it was wonderful to come somewhere which was so tranquil and private. The private pool which came with the suite was large but be warned, that there can be sandstorms which blow all the sand into the pool. The staff at the hotel are extremely friendly and the waiting staff in the restaurant make a real effort to get to know the guests. The food in the restaurant is excellent. The waiter Roshan discovered that we are partial to a curry and arranged for the chef to make us a special Sri Lankan feast - it was delicious. The activities, which are provided free of charge are excellent esp. falconary &amp; camel rides! We did things we never dreamed we would do, such as the camel ride or the 4 by 4 drive over the sand dunes. We would highly recommend this resort and cannot find any faults with the facilities, service or the staff. Wonderful - well done Al Maha!	
Jul 27 2006 	An amazing experience not to be missed!	This desert oasis is well worth the trip and money if you are visiting Dubai. The staff are the friendliest people we've met on holiday and will do anything to make your stay a truly memorable one. We went during at the hottest time of year, as we were celebrating my husbands birthday, however the humidity is far less than it is in the city and beach and with your own infinity pool to cool off in during the heat of the day and a buggy that will pick you up from your suite and take you anywhere you want to go the 44 degrees heat seemed strangely bearable! All the activities in the summer start very early in the morning or late afternoon to avoid the heat of the day, which leaves you the main part of the day to relax or catch up on some sleep! All the activities are included, we stayed for two nights and managed to fit in: a nature drive, camel riding, falconry, desert driving, sundowner, archery and horse riding! We were allocated our own field guide who will organise all your activities that you want to do and generally take you on them as well. Our field guide even took photos and published them on to a CD for us to take home. The suites are amazing, pure heaven in fact. They have been set out so you overlook the desert and no one else, totally private. The infinity pool is temperature controlled so it is cool in the summer, so I spent most of my time in there during the day! You have decking outside with two sunbeds and a table with chairs, which during the winter will be lovely to sit out and eat your breakfast. You also have an art easel with a sketch book and oil pastels as well as binoculars which give you a great view of the watering hole and the Oryx drinking from it. All your food is included and it is magnificent, so much choice it was hard to decide what to have! A buffet spread for breakfast and lunch with a five course evening meal. They also organised a birthday cake for my husband free of charge. You also get two large bottles of water in your room which is replaced daily and as much tea and coffee you want. The resort also has a lovely spa which we unfortunately ran out of time to use, so maybe next time! All in all I can't recommend this place enough, after staying at the fabulous Burj-Al-Arab hotel first the Al Maha certainly wasn't second best.	
Jul 20 2006 	A piece of heaven on earth	An absolutely magnificent stay. Perfect for a few days from the hectic 21st century life. They upgraded up to a Royal Suite - so much space. The staff were excellent, attentive and very friendly - a mini-United Nations. From South African rangers to Indian subcontinent waiters. The food was great, the bulgari amenties heavenly and even the camels were good natured. The resort activities keep you busy with enough time in the day to relax. The oryx and gazelle munching grass outside the suite and drinking from the pool was magical. Would recommend this resort at the drop of a hat.	
Jul 16 2006	one of greatest record!	French, I trying to write in English!! So, sorry for mystakes!Our stay in Dubai, will remain as the greatest record of our life!First, three days at the Burj-al-arab, and then three others days at the Al-Maha resort!Wonderfull, fabulous, not enough words to say our enjoy to have luck to live this moment!Everybody has been fantastic to give us the best staying as is possible!Breakfast and dinner on the deck of our private warming pool, all activities included (dunes safari,camel riding with champagne on the dunes...), chosen meals, all were perfect! It seems that you are alone in the desert! It's ideal for quiet, peace and find a new start with your wife, if you need it!Highly recommended!	
Jul 7 2006	Something went missing	We went to Al Maha for three days in March 2006 on our return from Cocoa Island, in Maldives. In fact Al Maha was the reason for our trip to that part of the world. We read all the reviews and were very excited to go. It is true that the setting is beautiful, rooms are delightful and service impeccable, but there was something missing to make that place to be longing to return. May be because we travelled to numerous lodges in Africa, which would have similar settings but where one is in constant expectation to encounter wildlife around, Al Maha, seemed a bit sterile. We thought that the activities were done in far too large groups to create a special atmosphere especially sunset champagne on the dunes(which in fact was sparkling wine!). The food was below our expectations: typical of a hotel food. In summary: we enjoyed the stay but would not go back.	
Jun 11 2006	Heaven in the desert	We could not have chosen a better place for our honeymoon. We have never felt so well looked after, with grace, genuine kindness, enthusiasm and warmth. The single best thing about Al Maha (and there are so many good things about it) is that every one of the staff we met in this fantastic place really cared about it, and about us.Having said that, some of the other aspects of perfection are... the suites are gorgeous; the private pools are stunning (and chlorene-free because sometimes birds or oryxes stop by for a drink); deck dining on a moonlit night is to die for (try the Arabian feast); all the food is outstanding; the restaurant terrace is a model of elegant outdoor dining; the laundry is incredibly reasonable and very fast; the guides and the activities they run (camel trekking to see the sun set, falconry displays, exciting dune driving, nature walks...) really make the desert come alive; the spa is sensational (try the hot stones massage).We met people who were there for their fourth, fifth and sixth time (that lady said she still weeps every time she leaves). We will be joining them as Al Maha regulars because this place is heaven. For goodness' sake don't go there is you want to be entertained - but if you're after peace, the serenity of the desert, the ultimate in service and quality, then how can it get any better than this?	
Jun 7 2006	pure luxury	I was treated by my mum to a weeks holiday for my 40th birthday in Dubai, this inluded 3 nights at Al Maha. My mum stayed here in june 2005 and said it was fantastic well she was right. I went with my mum and 12 year daughter and we had Royal Suite 2, it was the best holiday i have had. We were pampered from the moment we arrived to the day we left. the siute was fantastic with 2 bedrooms, lounge, and 2 bathrooms, the views were truly amazing nobody else in site. We were introduced to our Customer Relations man -Fabrice and our own personel Field Ranger-Andy. They made us feel very welcome. the first morning we went 4x4 driving with Andy in the Sand Dunes that was good fun. We also went that evening on the camel ride out into the desert to watch the sunset that was stunning. my daughter was keen to go on the nature drive so Andy took us through the desert and pointed out differant lizards and told us all about the Oryx and Gazelles which roam freely around. At night the oryx and Gazelles come around your bedouin rooms and drink out of your swimming pool. If you feel like painting or sketching you have all the items needed in your room on an easel and binoculars to take a closer look at the desert.The food was also very good a 5 course dinner served by friendly staff and we couldn't fault it at all.Upon leaving Al Maha we were given a free gift of a day cream, cooling gel and facial exfoliater which i thought was a lovely touch.I will never forget my holiday here and i hope to return one day it isn't cheap to stay here but i think it is worth every penny, it must be good as my mum is returning for a third time in september 2006.	
May 25 2006	worth the money	the rooms and beds, shower and bath are huge. the pool was lovely with amazing view of the desert. make sure you keep your door shut at night though and the pool light off if you go out otherwise loads of insects will get it!! food was okay not wonderful but service was great everyone was very helpful and VERY smiley. make sure you have lots of small notes becuase you'll be tipping non stop though. only 2 minor faults - they didn't tell us that the restuarant has a dress code for dinner so we had to go bak to our room and change which was very inconvenient. also we ordered a pillow from the pillow menu but it never turned up. we didn't do any of the activities because we were only there 1 night. there are lots of wild onyx roaming the grounds which is nice but also a bit scary when they're blocking the path to the room. would recommned this hotel. its a great relaxing experience and the view of the desert and the stars at night make it all worth while. we stayed in room 33 which had a great un-interupted view of the desert (some of the rooms look onto other rooms)	
May 8 2006	Magic	No amount of words can describe this gem of a hotel accurately. From a seemingly run of the mill drive into the desert, you arrive at a basic outpost. From there you are transported by jeep into the resort. Our guide told us that it is the single biggest property in the UAE and takes up something incredible like 20% of the land mass of Dubai.Anyhow, from the moment you arrive in reception, to the moment you leave, you will be treated like royalty. The rooms are luxury, from the bedsheets to the Bvlgari soaps in the bathroom, you are provided with Binoculars, Sketch pad and pencils and wildlife guides.. Of course you have your own private pool, which none of your neighbours can see into.... it's also temperature controlled...We very rarely visited the restaurant (not that there was anything wrong with it!!) instead we ate almost all our meals in our room (at no extra charge!) and they even arranged a meal by our pool, complete with candlelight and sheesha. There are excursions into the Desert, we chose the Sunset camel ride complee with champagne and strawberries. Unlike the rest of Dubai, the staff seem genuinely happy to work there and hopefully they are being looked after in return. All in all a wonderful stay. Go, treat yourself, it's worth it....	
Apr 26 2006	Amazing Hotel	We visited Al Maha for just one night as a special treat for my husband's 40th birthday and what a wonderful experience it was!Luckily because we live in Dubai and I travel a lot I was able to use Emirates Airmiles to pay for our one night's stay (60,000 required). Booking was easily done via the Skywards website and I received a confirmation by email a few days later including a location map.On arriving at the resort gates we were collected by our Field guide - most of whom are South African and have worked on big game reserves. We were talked through the available activities - falconry, desert driving, nature walk, camel riding.On arrival we were greeted by a guest relation person who is assigned to you - check in was very civilised sitting on a sofa drinking complimentary juice and made you feel very welcome.We were transported to our room by golf buggy (we never used one again but you can call it at any time so you don't even have to walk!) Our room was gorgeous, huge with real arabic style, complimentary sherry, nuts &amp; dried fruits, a huge range of teas and toiletries. The bathroom is enormous, with a walk in shower and huge bath, and the bed would easily sleep 5. Best of all is the plunge pool, more of a small pool, with the desert just beyond it. Sitting on our very comfy sun loungers (our area was very private too at the edge of the resort with lots of vegetation) you could watch Oryx and other gazelles wandering across the desert. Also as a bonus were birds &amp; butterflies.We opted for falconry and a nature walk, both were very well done, the higlight of the walk being taking an owl with us (rather like a dog) and having the chance to feed her ourselves - having a huge owl fly to land on your arm is qutie an experience! There are a lot of Oryx in the resort in the night and early morning so getting up early (the walk was at 6.15am) is really worthwhile and pleasantly cool still.The food was excellent - 3 meals are included so you can opt for lunch either as you check in or out and lunch &amp; breakfast are both buffet style. The only slight criticism was that I mentioned being vegetarian on checking in and was assured that in addition to an option on the menu I would also be able to ask for the chef to make a special dish. In the evening on deciding I didn't feel like the menu option and asking for something different it I was told it was not possible, so if you want something special I would recommend you ask for it well in advance (in the end what I had was good anyway!)My husband was also given a birthday cake and card which helped to make it special which was a nice touch.Check in (2pm) and out (12 noon) times are strict when they are full but you can use the pool area (which is lovely) after checking out. We opted for a massage and this is the only place I know in Dubai where you can have a massage in a suite together which was much nicer than having separte rooms for men and women as is normal in Dubai. The massage was very good, a little more expensive than spas in Dubai but not outrageous.In fact I was positively surprised by how reasonable prices were - food is all included but you pay for drinks, however the mini bar and wine list were all reasonable (similar to all 5 star hotels in Dubai).The best thing for me is that it's only 45 minutes from Dubai but feels like a different planet - total peace and quiet and very relaxing - 24 hours felt a lot longer than it was!I would highly recommend a stay for a special occasion or treat!	
Apr 18 2006	Pretty hard to beat	We spent four nights at Al Maha just before Easter 2006.Had very high expectations and – quite surprisingly –they were exceeded.We can highly recommend this hotel for thosewho appreciate the ”finer things in life”;privacy and peace in wonderful settings,excellent food and impeccable service.If your holidays usually include loads of funny and noisy activities, active use of all kinds of toys for kids and grown-ups, quick food, night clubs and pubs -think twice.You won’t find them at Al Maha – thank god.Let’s just hope they keep it this way, asAl Maha is truly a haven of tranquility.	
Mar 20 2006	A Desert Oasis	My wife organised two nights at the Al Maha as a surprise for my 40th birthday and with out doubt this is the best hotel/resort we have ever stayed in.Fantastic personal service,magnificent scenery,beautiful appointed accomodation and wonderful food make this a must for anyone at least once in their life.Many places claim to be 5 star,Al Maha certainly is.	
Feb 10 2006	Ooooooooh	We spent two nights here celebrating 50th Birthday what a place it can be as quiet as you like or active.Staff are the best Field Guides are great fun, rooms spotless, food excellent all staff 1st class will return!!	
Feb 2 2006	Paradise Found	This was our third visit to Al Maha and just as memorable as the other visits. We were treated like royalty, all the staff remembering us and not being able to do enough for us. The sheer peace and quiet is an absolute delight after the hectic lives we live in UK. Food wonderful, activities great, spa relaxing. We can particularly recommend Anthony (Bubbles) and Danielle. We are returning August 2006 on our way back from the far east and know we will not be disappointed.	
Feb 1 2006	Breathtaking!!	We stayed at the Al Maha for 2 nights at the beginning of January of 2007. It was an incredible experience. The resort is situated on acres and acres of beautiful desert the is maintained by the royal family of Dubai. My fiance and I have stayed at luxury hotels and resorts all around the world and so we have high expectations for service, accomodations, food, etc. The service was great. The accomodations were excellent - the &quot;tented&quot; suites are so original and comfortable as well as luxurious. The food was good but could have been better - this was the only complaint we had. There is only one restaurant and they like to serve European food (for dinner especially). Since we were in Dubai, we wanted to eat Arabic food! The resort was accomodating to our request by making us a traditional Arabic meal for dinner one night. However, it was not exceptional Arabic food. I would recommend that you try the curry or other South Asian specialties because the head chef is Sri Lankan! Overall, the Al Maha is wonderful! If you are making a visit to Dubai, this resort is one not to miss!	
Dec 21 2005	Fantastic!	We had a 5 night stay here after 2 hectic days in Dubai town.What a contrast...........The Al Maha is an amazing place, 40 individual suites in the middle of the desert. The resort is set in a conservation area and it is 9km drive from the main gates. The King actually has a private suite here!It is owned by Emirates and apparently there are 3 staff to every guest. You are assigned a Guest Relations Co-ordinator (who doesn't do very much to be honest) and a Field Guide who looks after you on your trips. Every suite has it's own private individually heated pool, even better when an oryx drinks from it!The food is amazing, buffet breakfast and lunch and a 5 course dinner in the evening, prepared by the new executive chef James Webster (English Australian chef). We had 3 very good waiting staff - Mahinda, Joey and Jovy who catered for our every whim. Nothing is too much trouble.The trips out (which are included) are great, you could do something every day if you wanted to. We did the camel trip, dune driving (take a travel sickness tablet if you're a sufferer!), nature drive and falconry. On the camel trip and falconry, you are given champagne and strawberries whilst watching the sunset, amazing!All in all we had a wonderful time here and would return and recommend. It's a very tranquil, quiet place.	
Nov 2 2005	Absolutely out of this world!	We visited here in July as part of our honeymoon and had a fabulous time. The rooms are beautiful with private plunge pool overlooking the desert. All staff are so helpful and kind - nothing is too much bother. It is great having the oryx and gazelle just wandering round. The activities that are available are super although the morning ones very early to avoid the heat. The communal pool is also excellent and just an oasis of tranquility. The food in the restaurant is outstanding and we had fabulous meals. We stayed 2 nights but I think 3 would be ideal. We will certainly be returning again. Well worth going for a special treat. This hotel certainly warrants its 5*+ rating.	
Oct 20 2005	fantastic	We stayed 3 nights for our honeymoon and what a place - after the stress of organising a wedding this is just what we needed, peace and luxury. Would recommend a stay here for anyone visiting Dubai and would love to come back - the suites really are amazing. With only 40 rooms the relationship with the staff and guests is great and you get to know them all, the desert and animals make for great views.	
Aug 26 2005	Al Maha- fantastic	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in August 05 we had previously stayed in August 2002 for our honeymoon.Al Maha is absolutely remote and very peaceful. As far as the eye can see there is beautiful desert with oryx and gazelles.The rooms are enormous and styled as a bedouin tent, The bed was huge and very comfy, there is a TV and DVD player, a writing desk, 2 chaise longues, tea and coffee facilities, a complimentary decanter of sherry, refilled daily, 2 different types of bath robes each, a pillow menu, binoculars, easle sketch book and pencils for sketching, bvulgari toiletries, a big plate of dried fruit and nuts and best of all the infinity plunge pool. Its a good size and you can easily swim a few stokes back and forth.Lots of wildlife comes close to the rooms but they are very safe, it is fantastic to be chilling out and then see out of the corner of your eye a herd of Oryx looking at you.Lots of nice birds fly by.The staff at Al Maha are excellentl. This was our 2nd visit and some of the staff remembered us from our previous visit especially one of the resturant managers, they made us feel so special and on my birthday could not do enough to make sure it was a wonderful day, they even rang me in the morning to wish me a happy birthday, I had cards, cake and champagne complimentary of the hotel, they even sent a card thanking us for returning back to the hotel.You are assigned your own field guide and guest relations manager so it is one to one service and they look after all your request and whims..You can take part in lots of desert activites such as early morning falconry, horse riding, dune driving and an evening camel ride, with champagne and strawberries watching the sunset on top of the dunes ( it doesnt get any better).There is no pressure to do the activites, this time i just chilled out where as my husband did lots. It really is your choice.The dining room is lovely and the food excellent ( they have recently appointed a top english chef).  There is a buffet for breakfast and lunch, the chef is very accommodating and will endeavour to fulfil any special requests. You can also eat off the room service menu for no extra at lunchtime and have it delivered to your suite. In the evening there is a 5 course meal with vegetarian options which you can either eat in the dining room or on the deck outside your room.As ive celebrated my birthdays, honemoon and anniversary whilst staying at this hotel both times i have had the option of dinner on my deck at no extra cost with a lovely bottle of champange comp of the hotel.I didn't use the spa so cannot comment.The privacy is fab the suites we stay in are not overlooked, they are all a good space from each other. I love this hotel, i will be returning again and again..	
Jul 25 2005	Great location and service	amazing place, service excellent, food great too. we asked for a special meal one night in the restaurant, and they cooked us the most amazing curry and Meze.The dune driving is a must, i did it twice as it was so much fun. Excellent staff too.	
Jul 15 2005	The most amazing hotel!!		
Jul 13 2005	The perfect retreat		
Jul 13 2005	The most relaxing hotel on earth		
Jun 19 2005	true experience....		
Apr 2 2005	Woken gently in the morning...		
Jan 30 2005	This is relaxation heaven		
Aug 19 2004	Luxury Desert Oasis		
Jun 23 2004	An oasis of peace. . .		
Jun 6 2004	Desert Gold		
May 18 2004	Superb unique and memorable		
Sep 30 2009 	??????????		
Sep 22 2009 	??????????????		
Jul 31 2009 	??????????		
Feb 1 2009 	?????????????????		
Jan 19 2009 	bien mais....		
Jan 18 2009 	Absolut Top - Ein Traum in der Wüste		
Nov 15 2008 	rien que du rêve		
Oct 29 2008 	?????????		
Oct 4 2008 	?????????		
Sep 29 2008 	???????????		
Aug 12 2008 	Etwas ganz besonderes.		
May 12 2008 	l'Hotel le plus romantique au monde.....du rêve à la réalité		
Apr 30 2008 	Un hôtel et un site merveilleux		
