Nov 16 2009 	Great place to stay	A comfortable a clean hotel with friendly and amenable staff. The hotel is close to shops, the airport and the new Metro and salso within 15 minutes taxi ride to all major attractions. I couldn't fault the Flora Grand for comfort or value for money.	
Oct 23 2009 	An excellent hotel in Dubai	My wife and young adult daughter stayed one night at the Flora Grand in September 2009 and have nothing but praise for the hotel and its staff. After a 15 hour flight from Australia we arrived in Dubai at 5.30am to be met by hotel staff for transfer to the hotel. We had to be back at airport at same time next day so were pleased to be only charged one night’s accommodation and invited to have breakfast when we arrived in lieu of the following morning. The room was fantastic (Executive Suite so plenty of room) and the staff were always courteous and flexible and spoke English fluently! The day trip they organized was superb and being Ramadan made the day even more interesting. I had contacted the hotel directly and received prompt replies as well as a good deal. We will definitely stay here again when we stopover in Dubai.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good value for a quick stopover	Stayed for 2 nights on the way from London to Beijing, and the hotel was a very comfortable and good value 4* stopover. They organised a day trip for me to see the city and transport to and from the malls. Recommended.	
Sep 11 2009 	don't be sure that it's a four star hotel!	if it was up to me i would give them only one star ! from the first moment you enter the hotel you find out that the staff workin at the reception are very impolite! although it's an international hotel they can't speak in any other languages! yo can't get what they say when they speak english!!!!!!the food was very very bad! and the resturant smelled all the time it was really disgusting!the room service was even worst!remember not to exchange you money in the hotel! it is more reasonable to exchange it in shopping malls or any place out of that hotel!the swimming pool was so small that only 10 people could get into water (and i mean just get into pool not swim!it only had space for 5 people to swim at the same time!)i did'nt like there at all and i don't recomment it to anyone else! it just wasting your money!	
Sep 11 2009 	good place for starving	I have been to many hotels before but this hotel was the worst of all. since we traveled to Dubai in ramadan, there were no other places to eat lunch.so we had to eat at hotel and you can't believe how terrible the food was, the resturant was cold and smelled awful all the time, on the whole the food was disgusting. the room service was terrible, do not forget to bring your own shampoo,blanket and personal stuff cause you'll not find a toothpaste,tooth brush,slippers,comb or any thing you may expect to find in a four star hotel. The most unpleasant part for me was the guys at the reception part, who were impolite and couldn't speak english fluently,I do not recommend anyone to stay at this hotel,there are many 3-star hotels in Dubai with more facilities than this terrible four star hotel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 31 2009 	Great service fantastic taxi driver - perfect for a short stopover	I stayed at the Flora Grand Hotel for 1 night mid-June this year and booked this hotel through Emirates from the many hotels it offers as part of its stopover packages. It is only about 10 minutes from the airport. Having arriving in Dubai around 5.00am, I was quickly checked-in and was allocated my room. The staff at reception were very polite and informed me that breakfast was available (I can't remember what time as it was early!). Breakfast is buffet style (hot bain-marie) and there are some cold items (fruit etc). There is a guy who will cook your omelette or eggs to your liking - it is cooked fresh in front on you or they will bring it to your table once ready. The room I got was very quiet and there are a variety of tv stations and various languages. Rooms are provided with more than sufficient amenities (soap, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, travel kit etc). There is a business centre/ computer room on the 1st or 2nd floor of the hotel - you will need to buy a voucher for either 30 mins or 1 hour. Computers are reasonably fast but the rooms can get stuffy - there is one computer per room and the rooms are small as the door closes behind you (it's like a closed up cubicle). The best part was I booked a taxi to take me to the Burj al Arab for Afternoon Tea - the trip down to the Burj took about 30 mins. The taxi driver allocated to me was very reliable and punctual. I also asked for him to pick me up from the Burj and take me back to the hour about 2 hours later. Again he was on time and because it was peak hour, it took about 60 mins to get back. Not having a liking to catching taxis, this experience was extremely favourable and the taxi driver was a very careful driver. So if you need a taxi to take you somewhere, ask the concierge for their in-house taxi driver - I thoroughly recommend him and also staying here. I would stay here again if I was to return.	
Aug 27 2009 	A pleasant botique hotel	In old area not far from Dubai Creek. There are plenty of restaurants and a shopping mall not far away.The staff were very friendly although there was not much in the way of tourist information, but there is a tour desk. An excellent breakfast was included. A word of warning regarding taxis - make sure you only use metered taxis. The hotel is in the habit of using their mates in unlicensed taxis who are waiting around the corner. They charge about 50% more than metered taxis and sometimes don't know where they are going. This is a very dubious practice from an otherwise fine hotel. We ate at the hotel restaurant one night and would not recommend it.Dubai is very spread out and getting around will improve when the Metro railway opens in September.	
Jul 24 2009 	Very good service very good food very good staff	We spent a nice time in very interesting and beautiful place in Dubai in Flora hotel. i want to say thank you for warm and friedly atmosphere in your hotel.I liked so much your food, staff and attitude to us ... I wish you successful bisiness!	
Jul 17 2009 	Quiet clean and friendly ....	My husband and I stayed at the Grand Flora for 3 nights on the way home to Australia. The service at reception was friendly and efficient and we were upgraded to a lovely suite on our arrival at 1.30am after a long flight from Nice. The rooms were very clean and spacious. All staff were happy to help with information on where to go and how to get there. Breakfast was a bit disappointing .... ... not everything looked appealing. Overall, it was a great experience and we would definately stay there again and recommend it to all our friends.	
May 26 2009 	A Pleasant Stay in Deira.	My wife and I spent 4 nights at the Flora Grand in Deira and found the hotel very comfortable, well facilitated and well located. Whilst cafes, shopping places and the Creek were not exactly on the doorstep nothing was more than an adventurous walk away. The hotel is located in an older part of Dubai and we were pleased to have chosen this over the newer and frankly blander, newer parts of the city. The hotel staff were always courteous and the concierge people were invariably helpful. We purchased our stay on the internet and we felt that the rate we received represented good value for money.	
May 19 2009 	An excellent hotel in the centre of Dubai	We stayed here in Feb 2009 on our way to Oz and also on our return in May. The staff were very attentive and helpful and the hotel was situated in Old Dubai. The swimming pool on the roof was very inviting and the coffe shop in the atrium provided excellent fayre. Could not fault the hotel.Jim in Shropshire UK	
May 8 2009 	Excellent hotel	I found all the staff helpful and friendly, and my room was spacious, comfortable and quiet.The hotel is conveniently situated, and, with the help of the porters, I always got a taxi quickly - the opposite of the hotel where I've previously stayed. I always asked for a metered taxi as was recommended in a previous review.I will certainly stay in this hotel again.	
May 5 2009 	Fantastic experience	My husband and I had a 3 night stay here. I found that this hotel was a great option as a lot of the cheaper places seemed to have nightclubs in the same buildings or were in bad areas. The staff here were great and when the padlock on one of our bags broke and meant we couldn't unlock it, they got the maintenece guy to help us with bolt cutters! I would recommend getting the transfers from the airport as we were stuck in traffic due to all the roadworks that were going on, and even though taxis are cheap there, wouldn't have wanted to be stuck in traffic that long in a taxi. Upon arrival we got a glass of apple juice to refresh us while we were checking in and the porters took our bags up to our room. The porter also gave us a run down on the room (how to work air con, etc) and told us about the pool and spa. The room was massive and felt quite luxurious. The rooftop pool was also a good place to hang out. Lots of shaded deck chairs and a life guard always on duty. Having a 24 hours cafe on site was also handy. Buffet breakfasts were amazing with so much choice. The hotel also had free shuttle buses to a mall and the beach.	
Apr 6 2009 	The hotel of choice for people on cheap package tours	I should have known what I was in for by the greeting that I received--or didn't receive--at the front desk. I felt as if I were being processed, rather than registered. My husband and I arrived early in the morning after a 12 hour flight. We were told that our room would be ready in 20 minutes; after 1 1/2 hours, we were finally taken to our room. The furniture was such a tight fit that I couldn't sit at the desk without hitting the edge of the bed. The decor was dreary; only the bathroom was moderately acceptable.The hotel is filled with families on package tours from the Middle East, Russia, and Japan. There were lots of children screaming and running around the lobby, and the parents looked tired and disgruntled. The breakfast buffet, which was included in the price ($145 per night) , offered lots of food, but the room was overcrowded, and we had to share the table. Some people had to stand and wait until space became available, and the noise level of the room made a bad situation even worse. The worst thing about this hotel is the total lack of service. I was in Dubai on business, and I needed to use cabs very often. The doorman or the bellhops would offer to get me a cab, then they would leave me sitting in the lobby for 20 minutes. When I insisted on waiting outside, I had the opportunity of watching the men congregate and talk to each other as empty cabs drove by the hotel.The low point came when I rented a conference room for 1 1/2 hours ($125) for a meeting with a client. The food and beverage manager turned on the hot water urn for me; I then requested that he provide milk and a few cans of soda. These items never arrived. When my client came and I went to offer him a cup of coffee, an act of hospitality that is indispensible in this part of the world, there wasn't enough water in the urn for the spigot to work. I had to tilt the urn, burning my fingers in the process, and my client had to drink his coffee black. No one would take responsibility for the bad service, nor would they apologize.The hotel called me later that day to ask for cash or a larger deposit on my credit card, as I had spent a whopping $500, and they apparently didn't trust me for more than that amount, even though they had the imprint of my Gold AmEx card. And on the day that we checked out, they sent three different people to count the cans in the minibar!This hotel is so inhospitable that it's hard to believe that it's in Dubai, a city of almost unfailing courtesy.	
Mar 16 2009 	Front desk staff need gender/race training	While most of the hotel staff were very friendly, two instances with the front desk staff left a poor taste in our mouths. On one occasion, my friend was ignored because of the colour of her skin. On another occasion, the clerk behind the desk who had started to process a female guest's checkout, immediately served a male guest waiting patiently. The male guest indicated that he would wait but the clerk insisted on serving him. Fifteen minutes later, the clerk said to the female guest : 'Sorry to keep you waiting'. Sorry is the right word - that kind of behaviour is just not good enough.	
Mar 12 2009 	Great value excellent position one to use again!	Stayed for 2 nights on stopover from Mumbai to Cape Town. Easy 15/20 min taxi run from airport. Polite and efficient check in in modern clean hotel. Room excellent, clean, quiet with all mod cons. Room service very reasonable by Dubai standards and good food. Excellent value hotel in a city not renowned for its value for money. Great position in Deira for sightseeing and hotel bars etc.. Only slight let down was buffet breakfast - I've had much better and hate hard boiled eggs!! Would definitely return on any future visit to Dubai.	
Feb 27 2009 	Good Hotel at a Good Price	This is good, well priced hotel at a very good location in Deira Dubai. Considering most hotels in Dubai charge extortionist prices for average service. I have to say that I was very happy with the price, level of service of this hotel.Only complaint is that you should really avoid paying for an using the internet at the hotel. They give you a access code that expires whether you use it or not. Also make sure that when you are for a taxi that you ask specifically for a metered taxi, otherwise they will try and give you a private taxi that is most time more expensive than the normal metered taxis of Dubai.	
Feb 25 2009 	excellent hotel	This was a lovely hotel. We (my husband 2 boys and i) arrived at approx 3am and were able to check in immediately due to their 24 hor check in facility and we were also upgraded to executive connecting rooms which were great, lovely clean and spacious. It was the first hotel i stayed in which had really comfortable pillows in it!The staff were really friendly and helpful, getting taxis and sorting out everything. Breakfast was good with a good variety. We ordered room service and it was really good and inexpensive. The hotel was in a really nice location near to airport and the creek.	
Feb 3 2009 	clean hotel with pleasant staff	Used this hotel on a 48 hour stopover between Heathrow and Perth, Western Australia in January 2009Good things about the hotel- 24 hour checkin allows you to checkin at any time and check out 24 hours later ie we arrived at 1.30am and checked out at 12.30pm two days later and paid for only 2 days. This is a real plus- received very gracious, affable room service at 2.30am on the morning of our arrival- reception staff were attentive and friendly- breakfast was fine and appeared to have variations each morning. breakfast staff were efficient and courteous- we were upgraded from a standard room to a junior suite (not sure why??) junior suite was large, king bed, large bathroom, clean etc... absolutely wonderful, especially after London.- hotel is graded as 4 star. i would agree with ratingNegatives??internett access was available Convenient, but a little pricy, but fine for a short email. I presume that this is the same in all hotels. Please note that we did not use the follwoing servicesindian restarauntin house restaraunt for dinnerswimming pool or gymthe hotel is situated approxmiately 10 minutes walk from restaruants, shopping centre etc and 25 minutes walk from Dubai creek, from where water taxis can be taken across and down river. The neighbourhood appeared safe but uninspiringWe found the hop on , hop off Big Bus, to be a great way to see all of Dubai. The Big Bus has 2 routes. The blue route goes into New Dubai and takes 3 hours. The red route goes through older parts of town and takes about 1.5 hours. This can be booked thru the hotel.My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed the stay. It was a second honeymoon and after the rigours of central europe and London, we found the 48 hour stay very pleasant.We would stay again, though our stay may have been influenced by the upgrade to the Junior suite.	
Jan 30 2009 	Flora Super	We were initially booked at the Amari which on arrival with my family of five and an 18-month infant proved to be a disaster. I immediately contacted my agent at Travco in Dubai. Firoz went straight into action and asked me to take a taxi over to the Flora Grand Hotel (about five minutes away), where the Assistant Reservations Manager was waiting to greet us and show us around the hotel. We (my daughter, daughter-in-law and myself) were estatic - confirmed the booking instantly and couldn't wait to get the rest of the family over. All the staff at this hotel were friendly, helpful and polite. Rooms were clean and well equipped and the rooftop swimming pool was a treat. Location is central to old and new Dubai with good taxi and public transport facilities. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.Mrs Hansen, London.	
Jan 28 2009 	Ideal Hotel for Short Stopover	We stayed 1 night at the Flora Grand on our return to the UK from New Zealand. Although it takes a long time to check in and out the staff were helpful and obliged us with an early check-in which was appreciated after our long flight. The rooms were clean and adequate for our 1 night stopover but my only complaint was that there were no tea/coffee facilities in the rooms and there was no bar in the hotel. There is quite a bit of building work going on around the hotel, although we did not experience any noise, but it is in the middle of the Deira and within walking distance to the Dubai Creek, had we followed our instructions from the George, the concierge who was extremely helpful and informative, it would probably have taken us about 15 mins. There was no problem in getting taxis at the hotel. We arranged a Desert Safari through the hotel which was worthwhile for the experience in the desert but we were disappointed with the barbeque.	
Jan 5 2009 	Great Hotel absolutely lovely!!	I stayed ar Flora grand for 4 nights. Honestly, i expected it would be worth, than it turned to. The hotel was just fantastic for the price you pay. 1. Good location (in Deira district), no problems with cabs to take you everywhere in Dubai, lots of supermarkerts and diners all around (you can find really good local diners, which serve different types of realy delitious and reasonably priced food(indian, chinese, pakistan), but if you want something you are sure with, there will be Burger King and other places like that. If your room will face a big carpark, could get a bit noisy at night.2.Rooms are really spacious, nicely decorated, just huuuuuuuuuge wardrobe (gosh, i guess any 3-4* Tokyo hotel would put a bed in such a wardrobe and charge 200 buck a night :))). Spotless bathroom, no complaits about anything.3. Food. As i arrived to the hotel it was 11 pm and i was starving after my long flight so i ordered chicken curry in the room service, it was really good, like a real curry should taste and the portion was huge, would be good for 2. Breakfast was OK, they will have scrummbled eggs or omllette, bacon (you won't find it in many other hotels round Dubai), and all the other basic stuff you have for breakfast in the hotels + they bake their own pastry and muffins and other stuff there which is really good. And Mansoon restaurant is really good.So this hotel is a perfect choice to have a really good time.	
Dec 30 2008 	Bored	The hotel is okay, when you have no interest in staying there to long. we stayed there for the last 5 nights over Christmas. The staff seemed nice when we arrived but became disinterested and blunt after a few days, Staying on the fifth floor is drama, there is no presure in the shower, the water smells bad and am not sure what is wrong there. After many discussions with the reception we gave up. The last day they offered us another room, thanks!!!The breakfast was okay, but with the lady running the breakfast area you would rather leave at an instant. The rooms are spacious and clean but the staff needs definite training also management, seeing that nobody took our complaint serious. The hotel area is in the old Dubai and is fine if you need to be there.	
Nov 18 2008 	Quality for Less	I stayed three wonderful nights at the Grand Flora Hotel and would return anytime because:1. Service: From a welcome drink to the pool waiter everyone was nice, friendly, and helpful. The airport shuttle leaves every hour (even if you're alone) and there's a free shuttle to Jumeira Beach every morning at 8am. Some people get upset about traffic delays, but the hotel can't really change that - it's Dubai. They even changed my broken TV - without me saying a word !!!!2. Rooms: Big and Clean. I got a free room up-grade on the sixt floor. My room had everything I wanted: shampoo, hair conditioner, bath salt, room temperature control, a quiet air-condition, daily complementary water, good lights, and a modern safe.  3. Location: It is ideally located in the Deira district. It is only a few meters from the main street. Tons of cheap internet places, fast-food restaurants (like Hardees, Burger King, and Pizza Hut), as well as local restaurants are easily accessible. One can eat at the hotel, but I would recommend going out. Soon also the metro. There is some construction around the hotel, but nothing too bad. There are two malls within walking distance. If you go up to the Nardos Square, you can find some really cheap clothes (about ¼ of what you pay in the malls).4. Amenities: a) The gym has free weights and exercise bikes: One of the best fitness rooms I've seen in a hotel. It's open longer than in most other hotels. The pool is nice and has sunbathing chairs. Towels and water are free. b) Breakfast was included in the price and there was an omelet-making booth, where I could choose from a wide variety of flavors.c) Free airport and beach transfers.d) They accept credit cards like EuroCard, Visa, Masters, and AmExI recommend this hotel as the Best for its price in Deira / downtown.	
Sep 26 2008 	Great Hotel	As a travel agent, I chose this hotel many times for my clients as it was a great price for a 4 Star Hotel, so when i decided to go to Dubai, I wanted to stay in this hotel as well.A staff member was waiting for us upon arrival in Dubai and they were very nice.When we arrived at the hotel the staff where very nice and the porter was full of information on what to do and what to see. The room and bathroom was a great size and very clean too.I would stay here again when i visit Dubai.	
Aug 18 2008 	Okay for a short stay...	It's not bad for the price. Good points: Comfy rooms and reasonably quiet. Easy to get to from airport. (I stayed for business and it suited my location in Deira.)Bad points: Supposed &quot;Broadband&quot; is extremely slow and quite expensive. Food was DISGUSTING!!!! I ordered a Hawaiian pizza for room service at 10pm. The recipe was as below: - A pizza base covered in tomato ketchup.  - Add a few pieces of tinned pineapple (and I mean &quot;a few!&quot;) - Cover with processed cheese slices (like the ones they put in burgers) - Microwave until soggy.  Serve without a smile and stand with your hand out expecting a tip!On the plus side, the second night I ventured out and found plenty of good restaurants nearby.	
Apr 6 2008 	Loved The Grand Flora	We have just stayed on a 2 night stopover and found it to be comfortable, clean, excellent value for money and with staff who could not have been more helpful. Breakfast was included and very good, transfers to the airport free, and a very early check in provided (much appreciated after a 15 hour flight from Austalia). All for just under £100 per room per night - a great deal in Dubai. Would recommend to anyone and definitely use again!	
Mar 24 2008 	nice for price	we stopped in dubai for a 3 night layover enroute to kenya and were not looking to spend a fortune. this hotel is an affordable option to see the sights in dubai which can easily be done in a day or two. dubai has two main areas, the downtown area bordering the creek and the area near jumereih beach. they are seperated by a 45 minute traffic jam. all of the hotels in dubai are over priced and we personaly found dubai over-rated. floragrand is in the downtown deira area and the area itself is not very nice but the hotel offered a car service that we rented for $20 an hour and in four hours we saw all the sites. the rooms at the flora were nice and the service good. the buffet food at the breakfast was not very good but we did not find any of the food spectacular in dubai. jumereih beach hotels are nice but similar are offered at many places in the world at a much better price. the burg is interesting from the outside but is really tacky inside. in general dubai is good for a stop-over on a long flight, but 2-3 days is plenty.	
Feb 11 2008	disappointing	I have just returned from 6 nights in this hotel on half board basis.Food is all buffet style whether you have lunch or dinner and is SO BORING. Had I known I would not have booked this as there are plenty of local eateries.There is no info to tell you of this however. All the information both in the hotel itself and website states that there are 12 executive rooms with lounge and we upgraded our room on this understanding - wrong! There are 30 rooms and no lounge. Staff totally disinterested when questioned and nothing could be done .The pool is small with no shallow area however it is well maintained with a life guard in attendance.The hotel is clean and spacious.Taxis are a nightmare to get - upto an hour at times - so book if you need to get anywhere on time.The Flora Grand is adequate as our room was lovely but the buffet style food is too monotonous and reception staff bored and disinterested.Overall not a great place to stay.	
Jan 10 2008 	Very comfortable	This is a hotel worth a stay. The rooms were clean. The staff very helpful and friendly.Stayed there twice before. Will do so again in the near future.	
Dec 30 2007 	Worth staying here	After reading reviews of many hotels in Dubai, none of them in our price range seemed to have consistent glowing reports. If you wanted to go 5 star there didn’t seem to be an issue but lower than that there always seemed to be a negative comment. We bit the bullet and went with this hotel because most of the comments were positive – we weren’t disappointed. We booked directly with the hotel.The hotel was basic on the outside but once you were inside it was an oasis in the middle of a construction site, meaning all of Dubai.The rooms were well appointed, clean tidy and no problem with the front desk.Breakfast was included and was quite varied and good value.The travel desk was best avoided, their information wasn’t the best, you’d do better arranging trips through other sources.Don’t try walking around Dubai or trying to catch a bus anywhere – there aren’t any – which means you have to rely on taxis to get anywhere. They are quite inexpensive, don’t fall for using the taxis the hotel arranges, flag one of your own down. The hotels taxi/limousine service doesn’t have a meter so depending on who you get as a driver determines the fare you pay, it’s cheaper using a registered taxi.The hotel is located in the older part of town and there are restaurants and shops nearby, staying here you can get a taste of what life used to be like before the building boom. There are just so many malls you can visit before they all start looking like one another.Overall a good place to stay, I’d stay again.	
Nov 26 2007 	Not amazing but perfectly suitable	I'm a business traveller and I've been a bit stumped for a word to describe this hotel. I think I'll go with &quot;contradictory&quot;.On the upside:* the rooms are mostly suites with separate living and bedroom areas - no shortage of space. * the beds are very comfortable and the decor is modern* the toiletries provided are delightful, if that's important to you* the bath is large, so if you need a soak after a long flight, it's great. And the towels are luxurious.* the internet access is fast. On the expensive side but pretty normal for business hotel prices.* televisions in both the living and bed rooms* good room service* two smaller shopping malls within easy walking distance, and a great concierge if you want to book a cab to go to one of the larger, more popular malls.On the downside:* dreadful service. Reception is as slow as anything I've ever seen (although that appears to be the norm in the Emirates). My colleague and I were ready to chew our arms off and flee by the time they managed to check us both in/out.* the rooms smell damp, most likely because the air conditioning is running all the time. But it was quite strong and it took a while before I stopped noticing it.* Most of Dubai is a construction site, but this area was awful. No footpaths, diverted traffic everywhere - not easy to walk even a short distance. * There's no desk near the internet connection. I had to work on my lap in the living room, which was less than idea. There was a desk in the bedroom but no internet connection point.Personally I don't think this was great value for money at all. In fact I'd say it was a nice enough hotel but a bit overpriced for what was on offer, although not by overall Dubai standards I guess.I stayed in Sharjah for four days after this (at the Millennium) and was very much more impressed with the hotel, service and value for money. When I go back to work in the region next time, I will return to Sharjah and leave Dubai in the rear view mirror.	
Nov 22 2007 	More than a 4star	I stayed in Flora Grand Hotel based on the riviews in Trip AdvisorBeing the exhibition time it was little difficult to find rooms in Dubai but managed to get the rooms by booking directly with hotel. Standard rooms were sold out and executive room were available with breakfast and airport transfers complimentary. I got an early check in which was unexpected as i was been informed that they will try while making the booking. Room was good spaciuos with duvet neat and clean and breakfast was also good with a live counter. I didnt get the chance to try the Monsoon Restaurant, had a visit upto the roof level were you have a well equipped fitness centre and massage aswell. Have to try the same on next visit. Good hotel neatly maintained with friendly staff and nice service.	
Nov 19 2007 	Nice hotel shame about the service...	My friend and I stayed at the Flora Grand Hotel based on the reviews given on trip advisor and whilst we were happy with the facilities provided by the hotel - rooftop pool, use of the gym, breakfast, etc. we were left feeling frustrated and disappointed with the service. Each time we needed to confirm something or book something it took a VERY long time to do and seemed to always be a big problem. There were many mis-communications - I felt that the level of English required should be higher than was provided. Checking in and out was HARD WORK. We tried to remain positive and to enjoy our stay in Dubai but I must say I would NOT recommend The Flora Grand Hotel to anyone else. I have heard from locals that the IBIS Hotel is very good in comparison. Another tip is that Deira is located approx 30-40 mins from Jamiera which where most of the attractions in Dubai are. I hope this helps shape your decision when choosing a hotel in Dubai.	
Nov 14 2007 	Very nice Flora	Stayed for 2 weeks Oct/Nov. Hard to fault this excellent hotel. Arrived early sat morning, and was checked in, no problem.  Outside of hotel looks ok, inside is a lot better. Nice water feature, glass lifts and 24hr coffee shop. The 4th floor room was very pleasent, clean and an ok size. Bathroom was clean and well fitted. The hotel is in a very nice area. Close to the Ghurair and reef malls. The Rigga road, home to some nice fast food outlets. Abu Baker is about 10mins away, home to the Marriot with it's Champions sports bar level b1. And the Traders for a pleasent quiet drink. Marks &amp; Spencer and Toys r Us, and next to the Reef mall. Any downsides. The hot section of the breakfast is sometimes a little basic. No powerpoint in the bathroom for shaver. Also why oh why do hotels seem to think that they need to pump aimless music through the speakers in the corridors all night!! All in all a good hotel in a nice area.	
Nov 10 2007 	A reasonable hotel with a few problems	I booked this hotel directly via the hotels website and they emailed me for my flight details so they could pick us up at the airport for a free transfer. This all went perfectly and once at the hotel we where checked-in early and given a free upgrade to a delux room so we where very happy. The room and hotel where very clean and nice.The breakfast was a buffet with a good selection but the problem was that the staff kept taking our plates and knives and forks away every time we went to the buffet and not replacing them. We therefore had to keep getting up again and asking for more knives and forks. The table clothes where also dirty on most of the tables so we had to hunt round for a clean table to sit at.The next problem was the rude and incompetent reception staff. On check-in we asked the guy to arrange our transfer to the airport in the morning, he said the bus ran every hour on the hour and we said we'd be on the 6am bus. The next morning this had not been arranged and the receptionist took 30 minutes to sort a transfer out. We understand problems like this happen and would not have minded if there was a smile and an apology from the receptionist.I'm sure there mst be better hotels in Dubai for the price.	
Oct 31 2007	Our family loved the Flora grand	After reading the positive reviews on the net, I was hoping that we would have a similar experience too and WE DID !!!!Positives - compact, but pleasant property. Nice lobby, coffee shop Good spread for breakfast Very clean and comfortable rooms Location is its major plus point/ with many restaurants and the Al ghurair Mall within walking distance A supermarket next doorNegatives Too much space in the room wasted in the entrance area and passage way Indian food was ok, but not excellent Travel desk gave us 2 different quotes for the same dessert safari, eventually charged us the higher quote.  But all in all, my husband and 2 yr old son too loved this hotel. We would definitely stay here again !!	
Oct 28 2007 	Good Hotel-well recommended	Myself and my wife stayed at this hotel for 2 nights while ontransit to Munich. Hotel at USD 190.- per night provide clean room, good linens, clean toilet, room safe, tea facility in room. We did not like the room carpet though it was clean and well maintained.1) Hotel staff was very friendly there.2) Internet is provided in the room but beware very expensive if you use it, or use internet via business center which will costs 35 AED for a 30 minutes use. European tourist must ensure that the power adapter for 3 pin plug is organized. If missing you can buy it at Carrefour shopping centre at a very cheap price. 3) Taxis as usual are not available on a timely basis and therefore, ensure that you reserve well in advance before you go to the airport4) There is a free bus at 17:00 hours provided by the hotel to the shopping city centre without pick-up ! Catch a taxi but a  waiting line of 40-45 minutesWe have been charged twice from the coffee shop which wenever consumed ( around 47 AED). I think some guests musthave done it either deliberately or must have signed off thebill illegible. So Check your bill thoroughly at the time ofcheck-out which we did not do-our mistake!Otherwise, all in all this is a well-run hotel with friendly staff.	
Oct 7 2007 	surprisingly good quality for 4 star	daughter and i stayed here for 2 nights. even though much building going on in dubai, this hotel was very quiet and well located. first impression very positive with small but classy lobby area, gorgeous chandelier, clean and neat looking with plenty of areas to sit down.staff friendly and most importantly, extremely nice to nine year old! staff always nodded and smiled when we walked past them, and even made time to talk to daughter. prompt and efficient service at checkin/out, very polite and friendly also. luggage handled promptly.room quite spacious with two large beds, chairs and a desk, large wardrobe, very nice marble bathroom with bidet, which was quite hilarious as had to explain to daughter what it was! prospect of unlimited water and great pressure lovely after drought back home, so spent a long time in shower! (shower in bath). room very clean and had individually controlled airconditioning - the maximum temperature was 45 degrees while we were there! there is no balcony, but due to heat probably good idea as you wouldnt be able to sit out there for long! lovely white towels in plentiful supply, toiletries supplied. room made up quickly and discreetly.only small pool area on top of hotel but very welcome, can order drinks there that are charged to room. very hot up there however, but has excellent views over dubai. there was also a staff member there at all times, which is great for supervision as pool is quite deep. breakfast substantial and plenty of choice for small hotel, but yoghurt not kept refrigerated! lovely dining room, but did not eat in other restaurants due to time limits and excursions.no mistakes or problems whatsoever during time there - even though we arrived at midnight due to flight problems, and we left at 5.30am. pickups/drop offs all arrived prompty.all in all, for a 4 star hotel an excellent property. small, polite, quiet, clean, safe, enough niceties without extra frills and fuss for a great price. fine for all groups, including women travelling alone and children. would recommend on that alone, as some places can make children feel invisible. there are probably bigger and fancier places to stay in dubai, but this property more than satisfied. would love to come back!well done, some 5 star hotels should take note!	
Sep 13 2007 	Great Location 	Arrived at the hotel at 4.00 a.m.and the reception staff were still cheerfull and smiling.Easily accessible from the Airport, excellent rooms - there were five of us in 2 rooms - with buffet breakfast every morning and lots of smiling &amp; attentive staff.Great location as you are within walking distance - which doesn't seem common in Dubai - of shops, banks and a wide range of restaurants / fast food outlets - KFC, Nandos, Iranian, Lebanese, etc. You also get a feel of life in the &quot;real&quot; Dubai as different from the touristy areas.The Al Ghurair City Mall is less than 10 minutes walk with a huge Spinneys and M&amp;S while the Deira City Mall is less than 15 minutes by taxi.Negatives? Small pool and it is sometimes difficult to get a taxi although the doormen try their best.	
Jul 20 2007 	Great Value and Location - Highly Recommended	I am my wife stayed at the Flora Grand Hotel for 2 nights during a stopover in Dubai. The Hotel is in an excellent location (Deira), about 10 minutes from the airport. There are several restaurants and departmental stores within walking distance. The hotel has a tour bus (free of charge) that takes you to a nearby beach every morning. The breakfast buffet (which was included in our room's rate) was excellent with a huge variety to choose from. Our room (though a little smaller than normal hotel rooms with a single bed) was very clean and the hotel staff friendly. For the price and location, this is one of the best hotels in Dubai.	
Jun 29 2007 	Very good..Value for every penny they charge!	A very good hotel with a good location. Stayed here for a week and found it very good, was worth every penny they charge.Started with a on time airport pickup, and we were way quite some hours earlier than check in time, but were given a room immediately, no wait at all.Breakfast was good, the staff is very cooperative, especially the staff on the reception and breakfast hall.Nice spacious rooms, and the room service was also very prompt and good.Also finding cabs is not an issue as concierge helps you locate em, you need not run around in the heat!Overall a fantastic experience.	
Jun 26 2007 	Good Value Hotel in Old Dubai	Good hotel in good position in old Dubai. Much nicer than the rather glitzy OTT and sterile Jumeirah Beach. Hotel is probably reasonably old but this doesn't distract from it at all. Breakfast was good as was food in the lobby lounge but DO NOT eat in the Indian Restaurant, food was awful but think it is leased out. Taxis from the hotel were cheap and easily available and easy to get everywhere. Pool is on the roof and in the 38 degree heat and the glare from the white building it was very, very hot and not a lot of room up there. Good value for money and nothing to complain about really, so that's always good.	
Jun 2 2007 	Absolutely Fantastic :)	I dont usually write reviews but after my stay at the Flora Grand Hotel I feel I must tell everyone and all - its a GREAT hotel - four star but with five star service!I booked via [--] and got a really good deal - the hotel was worth every penny/dirham...fantastically clean, well located (loads of restaurants and city centre is a very short drive away as is the creek, when its cooler they are both within walking distance) helpful friendly staff, great breakfasts - nice coffee shop, - excellent gym facilities, nice pool area, good size rooms that are tastefully furnished...i could not fault the placewill i be going back to dubai - yes yes yeswill i be staying at the flora grand - most definately yes would i recommend the flora grand - yes yes yes	
May 14 2007 	superb hotel	This hotel is excellent. Hotel rooms are clean, tidy and have elegant style. I booked the standard room via tripadvisor website.The bed is comfortable. The bathroom is big, the size of the bathroom almost equal the size of the bed room. the staff members were friendly and very helpful. they respond as quick as possible .this hotel is defintly good choice	
May 1 2007	excellent!!!	excellent 4 star hotel, excellent service and exellent food at both the coffee bar aswell as the restaurant (if not alittle expensive). only downsize was no internet access which was alittle disappointing. would befo recommend and go back again!!!.	
Apr 8 2007 	Good location adequate hotel	Upsides: friendly staff, good location in one of the few bits of Dubai to retain any character, reasonable value for money, clean and comfortable.Downsides: no convenient power point for laptop use in room (a significant omission in a place that's likely to have a lot of business guests), slightly odd room layout with a lot of space wasted on a pointless entrance area, staff sometimes too busy to provide immediate service, on-site Indian restaurant a little disappointing. (Try the one in the nearby Taj Palace hotel instead - absolutely superb.)	
Apr 5 2007	A Good Experience	i arrived in Dubai for an interview and was booked into the Flora. The staff were friendly and helpful. The food was allright, if somewhat expensive. It was a very clean Hotel and the room was large and well laid out. All in all, I would stay there again.	
Mar 17 2007	Great LocationWill Go Back!!		
Mar 13 2007	good service		
Mar 4 2007 	Did the job		
Feb 26 2007	A little disappointed		
Dec 9 2006 	Great Hotel Nice Location Good Value.		
Mar 6 2006	Dubai the best value ever		
Oct 16 2008 	ideales Stadthotel		
Jun 9 2008	J'hésite entre une et deux étoiles...		
Mar 2 2007	Das Flora Grand war wirklich gut		
