	very good	we stayed there for 2 nights and it was wonderful..i would defo recommend that to asnyone..the only thing that was bad was it was far from other hotels and attarctions...but good value for money	
Nov 6 2009 	choose somewhere else	If you have a choice then choose a different hotel - the staff try really hard and I was very impressed with the service but it is just a noisy place - walls like paper - I could hear other guests all night talking, walking past and hear phones and alarms all morning. One tip for the ladies is a great beauty salon across the road - look for the pink sign - amazingly cheap waxing, threading and manipedi! tell them I said hello!For Dubai I think the price is too high for what you get!	
Oct 7 2009 	Don't do it	As nice as the staff are at this hotel (they tried hard to please) it just doesn't offer good value.Considering that I nearly stayed at Grosvenor House for about $50 more, I was kicking myself for choosing this hotel as it looked ok on the website and is a participating Starwood rewards resort as opposed to GH which is not(although still SPG). Went down to GH and it was 1000 times nicer. Have you seen Benidorm? Sheraton Deira was a little like a scene from that show. I went onto the roof to have a swim in the little pool only to discover we were directly under the airport approach/flight path (we are talking planes 200M over head - the stuff of travel nightmares). Plus the roof top was shabby and 2 star ordinary.My room was renovated, and ok, looking into internal courtyard, but, perhaps because renovation works are underway, when I turned off the AC to go out, the room was overcome by the sewerage smell. Quite foul.Again, I must say, staff quite lovely, and they gave me an early check in, although wouldn't let me have breakfast on day of arrival at Business Club even though I was leaving early the next day and wouldn't be able to have breakfast at 5am.Again, a huge problem with most SPG hotels, 'internet for a fee'. A big rip off at 60Dirham - akin to the price at most SPG hotels.Dubai offers great competitive value in these times and many smart resorts. Definitely give this one a miss.	
Sep 14 2009 	Great Hotel - Great Staff	We spent 6 nights at the Sheraton Deira. All of the staff were very friendly. Our room requests were granted and we had a great time in this lovely hotel. We all now have post holiday blues and cant wait to go back next year.	
Sep 4 2009 	Good value for money	Hotel was great. Refurbishment going on, letters were sent to explain. Despite the ramadan staff were very accommodating and tolerant and aspired to make our stay pleasant. Would be staying there again.	
Aug 13 2009 	excellent staff excellent service excellent value = excellent holiday!!	Just liked to tell all first timers who are planning to come to this hotel and are abit weary about some of the negative comments past visitors have left....ignore them and come! I and my family visited this hotel on 26th july 2009 for a week holiday, booking 2 rooms, for a first ever holiday to Dubai...and we thoroughly enjoyed every minute. The staff are so helpfull its unbelievable! As soon as we checked in we were looked after, in every aspect! The Terrace Resturant was excelllent (our breakfast chef Sunil made our omlettes to perfection!) Arun at the checkin desk was always there with plenty of info and advice and Joey was the best conceiarge we have ever met, ever! The whole management, housekeeping and leisure team worked at their best. The rooftop pool was a bonus, with passing of planes frequently, which if anything was a surprising pleasure with our son!! It was abit of a novalty if you ask me. The location of the hotel was perfect. It was very central which made it ideal to travel to all your daytrips to the beach/malls/city and the free shuttle service the hotel offers for the shopping centres were great! Rooms were very clean, room service was nice and good value for money and the channels on the tv suited all ages and tastes! Overall, a very pleasent stay and will surely be coming back again in the future! well done and keep up the good work!	
Jul 25 2009 	Excellant Stopover Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for one night on a stopver and can really recommend it. The first impressions are excellant with check in being faultless and a connceriege team ( there seems to be half a dozen of them ) only too pleased to help you move in.The hotel rooms all face an internal courtyard which contains the breakfast restaurant which is nice, the rooms themselves are very smart with very modern fixtures.The hotel has a smallish rooftop pool and good sunbathing area, the gym is excellant with a good selection of machines.The hotel is located within a short tax ride ( 12Dhs ) from all the malls and other bars so the location is good, there is one issue with noise from planes going overhead but not bad enough to keep you awake.The buffest breakfast is nice, some real bacon and pork sausages would have been nice but I guess you cant have everything..Overall a pleasure to stay here and would do so again.	
Jul 10 2009 	good rooms frendly staff  worth every Euro spend.	staying for a week with 4 persons , easy to find with the car, rooms are clean , maybe a little noisy outsite, but you are in the middle of old Deira...... valid parking for free , very kind staff overall. good restaurant , but small swimming pool, you can see the building is older than on Jemerah beach. but worth every Euro spend. nice for spotters , plaines coming over to the airport in short distance. As said , ++++ staff , food , rooms.	
Jun 15 2009 	Decent hotel wrong location	To be honest, this is a perfectly decent hotel. Its problem is it is in Dubai where 5 star hotels try to out do each other with palatial splendour as standard. This is a four star hotel in the wrong location with limited facilities and on the flight path to the airport on its doorstep, almost.We arrived here at the end of 12 days in Maldives and as we had to change flights in Dubai it made sense to stay a day or so to see what all the fuss is about this place. Choice of bed and breakfast was really the choice of the travel agent as our knowledge of the Gulf state was nil. We know more now so it’s unlikely we will return to this hotel but don’t let that put you off.The tour itinerary said rooms would not be available before 2pm; we arrived just short of this time. And the room was not available till nearer 2.40pm so we consoled ourselves with a tea in lobby café/bar. Not an inspiring start.The room was ok. Nice comfy double bed. All the facilities you would expect, fridge with booze etc at prices to make you wince (unless on expenses) TV, ironing board, tea/coffee making facility and safe. The bathroom was tiny but clean but the bath was a good size and certainly bigger than my one in the home.Our only meal in the Sheraton was breakfast and it was good. Food choice was all you would expect. Bit like being in a quality UK hotel truth be told. My “world famous orange juice test” ™ was passed with flying colours. Something for everyone, cereals, fruit, extensive cooked selection, all in pleasant surroundings.The amount of time we spent in the hotel was not great but it did strike me as being noisy. With a 5am pick up for the airport the last thing you want is to endure loud music from a nearby function as you go to bed. C’est la vie. And the occasional airplane overhead, although the double glazing does a good job.Staff were reasonably attentive but I can’t say I came away with a feeling that I had been valued.To conclude, a decent hotel but I suspect and know there are better to be had in town.	
Jun 8 2009 	Business hotel showing its age	I stayed at this hotel for one night in June 2009 with my partner. I was attending a training event the following day.First problem was finding the hotel. Our instructions were to take the 3rd turning on the left and in fact Al Muteena Street was the 4th left after Maktoum Bridge and the Clock Tower Roundabout. After finding the hotel I was very disappointed with the car parking arrangements. There is no hotel car park and the only parking is on the street behind the hotel (even if you valet park). I spoke to the manager and they cleared one of only four places by the front door of the hotel for me to park my car. I was impressed how quickly they dealt with this to my satisfaction.The hotel itself was opened over 10 years ago so is old by Dubai standards. I booked over the internet and got a good price of 600 AED net including breakfast and 'romance package' (wine and fruit in the room). Late checkout until 4pm was part of this package and the reception staff kindly agreed to extend this to 5pm at no extra charge.The room was freshly painted and had new furniture. The corridor outside the room (smoking allowed in these rooms) smelt pleasantly of fresh paint. There was masking tape on the skirting boards in the corridor so the painting work must have still been in progress. Despite having a room on the front the room was quiet thanks to the double glazing. No thanks however to the noisy woman shouting outside our bedroom door at 2 am!We had a buffet dinner in the hotel (170 AED for two net). Good for the price. Breakfast was served in the same restaurant and at all meals they offered a selection of hot and cold food. I also had lunch in the same restaurant as part of my training course and by then I was bored with the limited hot options for vegetarians. The staff in the restaurant were very attentive and also made some helpful food suggestions to make sure customers got the most of the buffet.The fountain in the restaurant was old and cracked but still contained a few koi carp. This damaged fountain should have been removed when they did the repainting/refurbishment job.We went for a walk in the area round the hotel and concluded it is not located in a neighbourhood suitable for tourists. You'd have to get in a taxi to go anywhere interesting, whether to the malls or to the older parts of the city. There are much better located hotels for tourists to stay in and still be in Deira. The hotel is near the airport so convenient for a night's stay if on a short stop-over. Location was ideal for our needs but there are no frills. I would not recommend it to tourists. However, if you get a good deal on the room rate that might make up for the need to go everywhere by taxi.To sum it up I would say this hotel has good service and friendly staff. But it is an old hotel and it is let down by the old and worn infrstructure and facilities.	
May 29 2009 	COMPLETE PERFECTION 100% SATISFACTION	I stayed here for two nights and was so impressed with the overall hotel,,ammeneties,staff and attentiveness to every detail.I have to be honest and could not fault a single thing, wish i was there now.can't wait to go back again,This hotel made my trip to Dubai &quot;Forever memorable&quot;Concierge and check in/reservation staff more than eager to plese and ensure all your needs are met promptly and professionally.Rooftop pool was beautiful,great service by Jude.Asian lady at tour desk in lobby area fantastic,friendly and informative for all questions or just a friendly chat. She recommended the &quot;Dubai city tour&quot;&quot; 4 hours run by Sun TOURS L.L.C which was also terrific.The tour guide on this bus tour was A+++, very interesting,informative,humorous and just gorgeous . Overall stay &quot;Incredible&quot;	
Apr 30 2009 	High service and friendly people in good location	If you prefer 'old Dubai' and need a hotel that offers exceptional comfort and very high service levels, dont forget this Hotel. When offering special deals like the one we appreciated last week, it really is a great place to stay. The staff are really helpful and friendly and the rooms are very comfortable. The only criticism was the crazy price for breakfast, where you would have needed to pay about Dhs 70-90 (£14 +). Easily avoided by eating elsewhere, but why do hotels try to charge such exhorbitent prices?	
Apr 23 2009 	Best Option Close to airport.	Close to airport and Shrajah road, where I wanted to travell. Good India food and nice sercvice.	
Mar 9 2009 	Shocking Hotel - Glad to Check Out.	What can I say this Hotel is absolutely shocking. We checked in around 4 am in the morning after flying from Singapore. We decided to pay a Hotel room rather than sit in reception until 3pm when the rooms would be ready whilst checking in this scantily glad woman with thigh high boots and a micro mini and a skimpy top walked passed us at reception . It would become clearer the following night what ladies dressed like hookers were doing, wandering around the hotel late at night. We were very tired and put the do not disturb sign on the door only to find the maid vacuuming outside our door banging the nozzle of the cleaner against our door at 9am. Obviously the maid did not understand what do not disturb means. The room was adequate but the towels were threadbare and the bathrobes had holes in them. The Hotel have installed, state of the art coffee machines that just do not work after four people came to look at the coffee machine and try and fix the problem I politely asked would it be possible for me to have a kettle - The kettle worked just fine. We found the Hotel very expensive considering the location. The hotel is not really near anything in particular. They have a nightclub next door, which is part of the hotel. A coke costs £3.50 and a small bottle of beer £7. There is a supermarket a short walk from the Hotel that caters for everything and a coke costs 20p there. Now to the shocking part there is evidence of prostitutes everywhere in the corridors of the Hotel in the Piano Bar and especially in the Nightclub when I asked the Manager about this he said that there are buyers and sellers and he was fully aware of the fact that prostitution was evidently being conducted. I was shocked because I didn't expect this in Dubai and I didn't expect it in the Sheraton. I am not talking about one or two I am talking about a whole nightclub where I really do believe that I was the only genuine guest there, all the other women were working girls and it was quite disgusting watching mainly local men pawing these young girls. My husband and I felt totally uncomfortable at this situation and we left quite quickly. If you want to relax on the rooftop pool forget it every few minutes an aeroplane flies overhead disturbing your peace and quiet. Breakfast was good and the staff very efficient We decided to order room service we felt safer in our room. The best thing about this Hotel was the checking out.Please avoid at all costs	
Mar 8 2009 	Decent Hotel close to the airport.	Knowing this hotel from a previous stay and due to its close proximity to the airport, I booked two nights in a club room on my way to and from Abu Dhabi. I was not disappointed. The Sheraton Deira offers decent facilities and clean well maintained (club) rooms for the business traveller. The staff are efficient and friendly. On the renovated club floor, the bedrooms are large with flat screen TVs, well stocked mini-bars and large en-suite bathroom facilities. The club lounge offers decent finger food and complimentary alcoholic drinks during Happy Hour (6-8:00 pm) and tea, coffee, soft drinks, cakes, biscuits (cookies), nuts and crisps (chips) at other times when it is open (6:00am until 10:00 or 11:00pm).. There are also two computers in the club lounge with printer and internet access. A decent breakfast is a leisurely affair served in the club floor lounge for those staying in club rooms. The bar (Lindbergh's) on the 5th floor serves decent cold beer on tap and bar meals. The views are also good. The roof top swimming pool is a good place to unwind and relax during the day. The hotel rooms are well insulated against the overflying aircraft but not so much against the music from the night club which &quot;rocks&quot; till about 03:00am. The music was audible in my room, but not loud enough to keep me awake (although it might others). Another negative point, but beyond the control of the hotel, are the huge road works (construction) between the hotel and the airport - adding significantly to the time required to get to the airport.	
Mar 2 2009 	Convenient Friendly and Clean	I was conducting due diligence for Planereality and had the opportunity to stay here for two nights last week and was impressed by how friendly the staff was. Each time you walked into the lobby, someone greeted you and asked if they could offer any assistance. I was upgraded to a club level room which was modern and clean, although I was charged for coffee when I did use the club lounge (?) There is NO hotel shuttle, so make arrangements in advance. It is a short ride to/from the airport and plenty of cabs available. Gym is adequate and open 24hrs. The rooftop pool with swim up bar, overlooking the city and airport, have to be the highlight of this hotel. I had a delicious lunch poolside consisting of local delicacies. The room service food was mediocre. There is a popular nightclub adjacent to the lobby and although this hotel is directly in a flight path, noise was not a problem on the 3rd floor. I would not stay here for a week’s vacation, but for a short trip or long layover, it’s perfect.	
Dec 17 2008 	Nasty	Best avoided:- tacky furnishings- smelly common areas (polished rather than cleaned)- poor food- dirty toilets- dreadful, grubby business facilities- 'sharp' practices with billing	
Oct 19 2008 	You need a taxi	Enjoyed our stay at this hotel even though it did seem a bit out of the way from all the main attractions Dubai has to offer. You need to get taxis, the Hardrock café was half an hour away and Wild wadi similar. At least taxis are cheap. Our room was clean and tidy and of a reasonable size. You could hear some aircraft noise as the hotel is on the flight path to the airport. We had breakfast in the hotel which was very good. Also thought the bar was fairly good. The roof top pool gives good views over Dubai. Hotel is probably suited for business travellers more than tourists.	
Oct 15 2008 	Plane Spotters Dream	The hotel is conveniently situated at the end of the airport runway. Remarkably this isn't noticeable unless you visit the roof top pool where i saw a couple of &quot;anoraks&quot; in socks and sandals with binoculars and cameras. Then a plane takes off and the earth moves. Downstairs the rooms are OK but make sure you get a refurbished one (they have extra power sockets for your laptop). The staff are friendly but when they come to your room it's difficult to get them to leave without dipping your hand in your pocket. There's a &quot;night club&quot; next door where a wide selection of unattractive girls hang out. The location of the hotel is terrible (middle of nowhere) and with Taxis in Dubai being scarce you are stuck.	
Sep 24 2008 	Very nice Business Hotel	I stayed at the Sheraton Deira for one night and I had a pleasant stay.I took a tower room and had access to the lounge what was a real plessure.The room itself was not ultra modern but had everything you need.The hotel was very clean and the staff very attentive.Overall I had a nice stay and will come back in the future.	
Jul 11 2008 	Not Great	This hotel is noisy and badly located. The room was average but the bathroom was poor. In the roof top pool you need to duck as the jets pass over on the flightpath to the nearby airport. The breakfast and room service were excellent. The internet charge is over the top. Overall this is a 3 star quality.	
May 2 2008 	Great service at the hotel but lousy location	This hotel has wonderful service, from the Manager, to the Reception Desk, to the Concierge, to the Spa staff. Very friendly and helpful. Nice complimentary items in the room, too. Really, really wanted to stay there longer, but it's location is not ideal for tourists, probably better for business folks. There are many, many little restaurants on the same street as the hotel; nonetheless, it was too far away from the downtown area near Dubai creek and the luxurious Jumeirah Beach area. If you are visiting Dubai on business, then this is a great place to stay - good service and reasonable rates.	
May 1 2008	Lovely Hotel - aircraft noisy!	The hotel is very well located near the airport. The hospitality is second to none, its clean, comfortable and has good amenities. Having said that it is rather spoiled by being on the flight path, which is not good if you are a light sleeper. We stayed 3 nights, everyone was really friendly and helpful.	
Apr 30 2008	Not that great. On the seedy side. Again Very Overrated	For a four star sheraton, nonetheless in Dubai, I was very unimpresed. The lobby was outdated and felt cramped and cheesy. The reception made multiple attempts to con me into paying more than agreed upon for different rooms, they operated like a used car dealership. Maybe I have high sandards but I already got bad vibes. Beware of the club on the 2nd floor, which management has encouraged its transformation into a brothel. Which would have been okay had the girls not looked like drug addicts, just kidding, ok not really. The room was nice with a large comfortable bed a flatscreen TV with a broken remote and repetative channels. The bathroom was ugly. I didn't like it but Im sure some wil.	
Apr 19 2008 	Fantastic	I had a fantastic experience at the hotel. The rooms and bathroom were in excellent condition and the reception were always ready to help. When we arrived, one of our rooms wasn't ready and so we got upgraded to a better room. Definetely advise you to stay at the hotel.	
Apr 6 2008	Great service but bathroom was a disaster	Stayed one night at Sheraton Deira as a &quot;splurge&quot; when we couldn't the cheaper Novotel World Trade Center for our whole Dubai vacation stay. Staff was very friendly and helpful, especially at the front desk. Our room was upgraded upon arrival, and was generally well appointed and comfortable. However, the bathroom was a disaster zone - I've never seen so much mold and mildew in my life. I'm afraid I'm not exaggerating - I travel regularly on business (i.e. several times a month for years now), and this was the worse example I can recall seeing. Location is certainly close to the airport (with all that entails) and some attractions - a very bustling part of town, if that is what you want.. But Novotel was a much better price and a much nicer hotel (if in a more sedate area of office towers). But cabs are cheap and plentiful, so location not really an issue for us. Would stay again at the Novotel, not the Sheraton Deira.	
Dec 23 2007	loved this hotel	Excellent service from checking in to departure. Really nice and helpful staff. Room was immaculate. Cleaned regularly. Would definitely recommend to everytone. Nice lounge area to chill out in. Nice restaurants.	
Oct 23 2007 	Basic but good location	I arrived at the reception and presented my pre-paid voucher and also my SPG member card. I asked if there was a spearate floor for members and his reply was yes but the room I have given you is a nice one but not on the members floor. The receptionist then checked me in and I proceeded to my room. When I arrived at the room I called reception and asked to see one of the other rooms (On the members floor). Although it was slightly smaller it was a cleaner room and especially the bathroom. They helped me move my luggage to the new room and all was well (Why they couldn't have given this room in the first place is beyond me). The room generally was fine, the bed was comfortable. As I was on a business trip the main thing was the location of the hotel.I had breakfast for the 3 days which was pretty good. I didn't have any evening meals there so I can't judge to be fair. Overall the staff where friendly so I have no complaints. I went to the business centre on 2 occasions to use the internet. I have to say it was like using a dial up system, it was incredibly slow. I also used the gym on 1 occasion and generally it was fine. Overall all an average experience with no major issues.	
Sep 5 2007	Great if you are a plane spotter	This is a lovely hotel, a bit out of the way but still close enough to get to a supermarket. The only problem I found with this hotel was that it is on the flight path. The noise is there constantly. The staff are friendly and the rooms are alright, clean and enough space. Concierge is very helpful, got some good advice. Food in the Terrace restaurant is very good, especially the breakfast, where you can get all the things you eat at home and more.	
Aug 3 2007	superb hotel	First time in dubai and wont be the last. The Sheraton Deira is a fantastic hotel to look after your every need, hot and tired on arrival a fresh glass of orange juice ar even a wine as you check in is a nice touch, friendly staff and good food , room was spotless and beds very comfortable, morning breakfast was a treat to look forward to, make sure you get the omelette (freshly made), well worth it. The pool bar is excellent again with friendly service, happy hour between 6pm and 8pm in the lindbergh bar well worth a visit also. concierge desk has to be mentioned especially as these guys really know how to look after you and direct you anywhere you need to go. Day or night your are greeted with a hello from management and staff and made to feel so welcome . I would recomend this hotel most highly if you are planing a visit as my wife and daughter were as impressed as i was.	
Jul 30 2007 	Very Nice	At the end of our Honeymoon we stopped over for one night at the Sheraton Deira Hotel.The Hotel upgraded us to the Honeymoon suite on our arrival and the suite was lovely. The Room was like a small apartment with a sitting room and a large bedroom.We didn’t see much of the hotel unfortunately as our flight was delayed so we arrived later than we expected.We asked for breakfast at 5.00am and it arrived and it was a very good continental breakfast selection.	
Apr 23 2007	Convenient for airport	We used this hotel for total of 3 nights as a stop-over to and from Australia. It was about a 25 min taxi ride to the airport which reduced stress levels in making fllights. We found all the staff tremendously welcoming and helpful and the rooms spacious, comfortable and clean. Rooftop swimming pool and a great jazz pianist in the evenings. Derek Evans, Banbury, England.	
Apr 14 2007 	Suitable for Short Stay	I was skeptical after reading the mixed reviews on this hotel, but I was pleasantly surprised once I arrived there. The hotel staff is incredibly kind and amazingly helpful... if anything, I would rate the service as &quot;EXCELLENT&quot; above all. Upon arrival I was immediately greeted with fresh fruit juice served in wine glasses, on a silver platter right at the front desk. The standard room was clean but very small and the furniture seemed a bit rundown. I flew in for the weekend and was able to utilize the free shuttle service to Jumeriah Beach, as well as the shuttle to the City Centre. Again, this is an average hotel with excellent service but is ideal for anyone who is planning a short stay and is on a budget. The value for money is fair and I would definitely stay there again in the future.	
Mar 29 2007 	Not 4 Star but not bad	Having stayed in a number of hotels in Dubai, including the sister Sheraton on the Dubai Creek (which is very good indeed), I found the Deira Sheraton to be rather on the small side. My room had two single beds, one of which effectively blocked any access to the wardrobe (unless you are rather thin). Flooring, whilst clean, is 'wood' clad and hardly appealing. The bathroom has no sperate shower (its an over the bath affair) which, to be honest is not the end of the world, but tends to be expected in a 4 star hotel in Dubai. The bath itself was also rather narrow.I only ate breakfast in the hotel, which was OK. The staff were all very friendly and helpful. All in all a reasonable hotel, but don't expect the glamour you anticipate from Dubai. Location is not perfect, but with the heavy traffic everywhere in Dubai the only thing you are loosing is a good view.Is it noisy because of aircraft noise? Well, yes it is, but again I did not find myself not being able to sleep, so not a serious problem.	
Mar 5 2007	Good service Upgraded Suites beautiful	I got a great web fare on an Executive suite and I was bumped up to a nicer suite. From the moment I came in I was treated wonderfully and waited on hand and foot. Although it was a little much after a while.The best thing was that they put up with a lot of mess from me. I was a single girl on my way home from holidays and I was being a bit wild but unlike some other hotels in Dubai, they didnt say anything.The down side is that there is no good clubs really close so you have to take a cab but it is a great location if you are just in town for a few days so you are close to the airport	
Jan 23 2007	fab hotel diera	my boyfriend and i visited dubai on 6 jan for 4 nights hotel was more than ok for our needs.We arrived at the hotel at 01.30 in the morning to be greeted by friendly staff and complimentary drinks.our room on 4th floor was a standard room. the bed was huge and so comfortable, there is a tv, minibar and complementary safety deposit box in the room, The bathroom is a good size and with bath and shower.. the shower could be updated but everything else good. Rooms cleaned every day with fresh towels.we stayed bed and breakfast. Breakfast area is lovely and a variety of foods to choose from all very nice.There is a bar on the 5th floor just too let you know they have a happy hour from 6.30 pm to 8pm at night, suggest that you go there if you want a drink but dont want to pay dubai prices for alcohol otherwise 5 or 6 pounds or a pint happy hour about 2 pounds.the pool on rooftop is small but clean and good views of dubai city also. although close to airport no noise problems and good for plane spotting on rooftop terrace .very good hotel for exploring city, taxis are cheap and of plenty but agree price or get a meter taxi , also go on sundowner dessert safari, great afternoon and evening and ski dubai in emirates mall is fabulous and is a must good value for money with proper snow, these were the highlights of the trip.	
Jan 23 2007	What a Dump!	The rooms are dated, tired and tiny. Location is close to airport - read Aircraft noise - but they charge excessively for airport shuttles. Breakfast is overpriced. And best of all, when I questioned the 20% local taxes, I was told - &quot;You're a rich American - you can afford it.&quot; A disappointing Sheraton.	
Jan 10 2007 	Dreadful hotel	I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. The quality &amp; service were significantly below standard and could not believe it was under the Sheraton name.Our room (non-smoking) was dull and dismal, the shower was constantly cold and quality of the hairdryer was poor. We requested a transfer to a better room and were given a brighter one but a smoking room, that stunk!!! In fact, the smell was so overpowering I could not stand to stay in it. The bathroom was old and tired with cigarette stains. The response from the hotel was firstly an airfreshener!!! And secondly, an ioniser (or so they say) that didn't do a thing.The only reasonably pleasant spot was by the pool. Yes, the planes do fly over but compared to the rooms, this was not a problem!I could not stand the unpleasant rooms and the awful smell any longer and we arranged to move hotel. This was not what I expected from a Sheraton hotel and it was certainly not the pleasant end to my holiday that I expected.We moved to the Sheraton Dubai Creek and this was fabulous. The location was fantastic with wonderful views (unlike the Deira), and the room/hotel quality was faultless.I would advise anyone to consider the Sheraton Dubai Creek if you are looking for accommodation near the Creek rather than Jumeirah Beach area.	
Nov 4 2006 	Sheraton only be name not service	We have just arrived back in the UK after a five day break in Dubai staying at the Sheraton desire and what a disappointment this hotel was. The Hotel facilities are OK but very basic the staff in the services area such as the coffee shop and restaurant area are very professional and friendly however we found the reception staff very rude and unprofessional. We had a confirmed room for two adults with a child cot/bed in the room. when we got there the reception staff told us that room only had a king size bed and our two year old son should share our bed when we asked for a cot a member of staff asked for an extra 100 dirams per night. I can't help but think this was the first of many scams to try and get extra money out of us.We did get a cot after arguing but when it arrived it was so dirty with hair and stains all over we decided not to use it. The reception also charged my credit card 1000 dirams per room on checkin . I travel alot for business and I have never had to pay a deposit such as this before. I was travelling with nine other people and they were all so disappointed with this hotel.Sheraton should be ashamed to put their name against this property.	
Oct 28 2006 	Cheap and cheerful.	We arrived at the Sheraton Deira with some minor hiccups with our axccomadation that was overlooked by our travel agaent, however the manager was quick to rectify the problem and we were greeted by a staff member with 2 very well deserved complimentary drinks on arrival. The staff bend over backwards fo you except at the pool on the rooftop as they just seem to sit and stare at the women all day. I watched one bloke who could not stop gorking at some Brazilian lady in a bikini. The food we ordered was cold from the poolside cafe and I would think that this was from the pool staff not caring about our order. The staff everywhere else was fantastic and were ever so helpful. The food was excellent, but I thought the room service prices were a bit over the top. There is a very quite internet room, cafe, giftshop and great resturant. We were magnificently served by a lady named Grace who always had a smile on her face and was there to greet us every night we had dinner there. We had no hesitation in tipping here on our last night! The room we were in was massive! The king size bed was incredible, however you are in the flight path of the airport, but honestly this is no distraction at all. A word of warning though, ask for a room well away from the nightclub as if you are near there you can hear music until 3am. We never heard a sound in the tower room. 2 thumbs up!!	
Oct 27 2006	sheraton deira (refurbishment required)	have just come back from 6night stay in Dubai.stayed at Le royal meridian and then this one.what a drop.room very basic, no tea/coffee, only on request as this was a chargeable service, flimsy fruit basket everyday.small pool and gym.not as clean as i would expect and the bathrooms need an overhaul.breakfast ok, did not stop for evening meals, far too many choices outside. only short drive to souks.for a 4star could have done better.would not go back.may look for another city hotel, can anyone rec	
Oct 27 2006 	Nice hotel mind the planes!	Overall, the hotel is not where you may expect a Sheraton. Area is a bit suburban and shabby, but shops and restaurants are nearby.Reception was fine, lobby area OK, and by room facilities were good. Clean, comfortable, modern.The problem was the room on the East side. Great for plane watching! I was woken early every morning by all of the Emirates flights on their final approach into DXB airport!Restaurants good, choice and service. Breakfast fine, I had access to a members lounge, snacks and internet access.Did not try: PoolPleasant enough hotel, mind where your room is though!	
Sep 18 2006 	it was brilliant	we just got back from our holiday at the sheraton deira last month, and we still miss it!!!! the hotel itself was brilliant in terms of tidyness and cleanliness. The staff were very kind and always had a smile on their faces and were always happy to help. The breakfast there was amazing and there was a great variety in foods.the best thing about this hotel is its location, and that if your into trying new foods then you've got loads of restaurants across the road, including chinese, tamil, lebanese and indian.	
Aug 4 2006 	Worst "5 star" hotel ever stayed in	I have done a lot of business travelling, and this was the second-worst &quot;5 star&quot; hotel I have ever stayed in. Sheraton should be ashamed for putting their name on this property.I see many other people have enjoyed their stays, and my visit was in late 2004, so maybe things have improved. But I certainly would never risk going back, especially when there are so many other great hotels in Dubai.Top 5 flaws (I could list 25):- Asked the front desk to book me a rental car. They gave me a Nissan Maxima which had over 100,000km on it, packing tape holding the dashboard together, and was so old it didn't even have a drivers airbag.- Corridors were as dark as dungeons and carpet was so worn it was literally threadbare- Shower cycled between scalding hot and cold without touching the tap- Under flight path of airport- Walk out the front door and you are in one seedy neighbourhood. I normally like to wander around to find a local restaurant to eat at but gave up quickly on that idea.Personally, my favourite hotel in Dubai is the Dusit, but that's on Sheikh Zayed Rd (a totally different part of town).	
May 25 2006	Amazing hotel!	So - there have been mixed reviews about this hotel - personally I loved it - been to Dubai 3 times and stayed in 3 different hotels- this was my favourite!We were travelling as a couple in our 20s and looking for a central base.Cabs are cheap in Dubai so you can stay pretty much every where and get around cheaply - but I feel staying away from the Sheik Zayed Rd is also a bonus as the traffic there or near it is a NIGHTMARE during rushour.We checked in and were upgraded to a honeymoon suite as the hotle wasnt full! We arrvied approx 7am so our room wasnt ready - however the staff had it cleaned and prpared within 1/2 hour!We were giving wine and fruit (changed daily) which was a ncie touch.The rooms are basic but adeqauate and spacious - they have all the amenities you could want and if there is anything else you need (we wanted a bigger ironing board) you can phone down and it will be sent up within minutes - free of charge (this inc any toiletires you may have forgotten/ run out of)We had planned to eat out at different hotels and restraunts during out stay - but on the 1st night (due to being to tired and shopped out) we decided to try the buffet in the hotel - it was AMAZING!We ended up eating there every night bar one!The food was great value for ££ - dinner was costing us approx £30 for two (inc soft drinks) - a similar meal at the Hyatt Regency cost approx £70 - and the food wasnt as of a good standard.Breakfast was equally as fab! So much variety and great that you can still get a Halal full English! The pool area is nice - pool itself is fairly small (as with most roof top pools in Dubai - but this was bigger than the one the Hilton has for example) but we had it to ourselves most days and the swim up bar is a nice touch!So - YES you can hear and see the planes above you - some are louder than others - but I have to say it totally did not bother us - in fact when I had my I-pod on I couldnt hear them at all!It may bother some people though - we thought it was actually quite interesting watching them fly over!! Each to their own though! The staff are all so helpull and pleasant - even by Dubai standards - they could not do more for you - special mention toour waitres SUSAN - what a lovely lady!!! Even the manager comes to personally speak to you each day to check you are enjoying your stay and to see if there is anything he can assist you with!Overall the friendly and welcoming atmosphere along with the great food made our stay perfect - we will 100% be returning next year!	
Apr 21 2006	The suites are fantastic	We stayed at this hotel for our honeymoon and found it great for service, comfort and location. We booked a suite at the hotel, but were given a standard room to begin with by mistake. The standard room was quite small and I wouldnt recommend this. When we given our correct room, it was absolutely fantastic. Extremely luxurious and definately what you would expect from a 5 star hotel. It is in a great location for travelling both to Jumeira beach and the shopping areas, and the staff are very very friendly.	
Feb 11 2006	Good for a stopover.	This hotel is ideal if you are on a short stopover in Dubai and want a reasonably priced hotel with a good room and excellent breakfast. It is close to the airport. We were in the hotel reception in 45 minutes from touchdown, partly due to the efficient Dubai Airport handling. Although the flight path is directly over the hotel the soundproofing is excellent and the room we had on the 4th floor was quiet with a comfortable king sized bed. The rooftop pool and bar is good for plane spotters! Staff were very good and helpful and the in house tour desk was good for organizing things like “dune bashing” at short notice. I would recommend this hotel as a base to see Dubai from but not if you want to sit around the hotel itself.	
Feb 3 2006	Disappointed	I have stayed in this hotel twice in the last year but the trip in Dec 2005 left me disappointed- Poor check in with our bags taking 2 hrs to be delivered even though it was 5am in the morning- room was poor with no bar snacks or contents in the stained fridge- Staff knocking on the door and entering without waiting for a replyOnly the fact that we were staying for two days saved the day!	
Jan 30 2006	Not for vacation	All-in-all, we stayed here for 4 nights and thank goodness that I used my Starwood points, as the price is not worth the stay and I would not have paid to stay there.This property is definitely not ideal if you are on vacation. Yes, it's close to the gold souq, but that gets old after one day. The location is smack in the middle of this predominantly Indian suburb...very different from other parts of Dubai.At checkin, they kept telling us our room would be ready in 20 minutes. Over 2.5 hours later, we finally got it. Supposedly they gave us the quietest room in the hotel (as a thanks for waiting), but it literally was right on top of the nightclub below and the music rocked the room all night long.Hotel staff were very nice, just don't visit the restaurant. Staff are rude, careless and the food is way over-priced...something like 65 DHS per person. That's a lot if you only want a bagel and coffee. The espresso bar is also over-priced.The best part of staying at this hotel was the massage we received. If you like deep tissue, you have to try it!	
Dec 27 2005	Good Value Hotel	I stay in this hotel in december 2005 for holiday. This is not a typical holiday hotel, due to location in the city and used also by businessmen, but this is not a problem. The creek is about 40 minutes walk, if you want to walk through the city. The staff is very friendly, but the concierge failed to give me information I requested for two times (about WTC and and open beach near Burj Al Arab). The room was nothing special, but clean. Noise: I found no problem with the airplanes passing above the hotel (there are double glass on the window), but sometimes the music coming from the disco can be disturbing. I never had a dinner in the restaurants, but the morning breakfast was very good with many types of food. There is a pool on the top, but very small. After all, a hotel I can go again.	
Nov 24 2005	Fabulous Hotel!	My fiance and I stayed there only one night in March of '05 but it was absolutely fantastic. We had a king room with double closets and a complimentary fruit basket which was a nice touch. My only complaint was the sofa in the room in front of the window is on wheels which made sitting down and getting up a cautious chore, it moved. I thought that was a safety factor and would have probably been okay if it were on a rug or carpet instead of a wood floor but other than that, it was wonderful.Would I stay there again, in a heartbeat.M.B.P.	
Nov 22 2005 	Complain loudly and early!	I stayed at this property for 4 nights in Early November. Loud music from the lounge started at 2200 and continued until 0300. I requested a room change and was told one could be made the following day. I packed in the morning, left my key with the desk and returned at 2200 to find no change had been made and the music was again just beginning. A room change was promised by midnight. Then by 0100, then &quot;in a few minutes&quot;. It was finally made (immediately) at 0300 when I went to the desk and stood there. Curiously another room became immediately available. I was given the run-araound and to top it off, no one appeared to move my bags, so at 0330, clothed in a bathrobe and slippers, I went and retrieved my luggage from the first room. My first 30 hours in this hotel were lousy. Therafter, it was OK.	
Oct 18 2005	Loved the Sheraton Deira	We stayed at the Sheraton Deira from October the 7th to October the 11th 2005. It was an excellent hotel with very helpful and friendly staff the rooms were clean and the food was excellent. Both my wife and I really enjoyed the stay.Also since we had gone to do shopping in dubai, the hotels location was ideal since it is centrally located and near the Gold Souks. I would also suggest to any planning to visit to make sure to go for the Dhow Dinner cruise on the creek it was excellent.	
Sep 5 2005	Outstanding Hotel!!!	We stayed at this hotel for three nights and it was EXCELLENT!. The service was outstanding and the hotel was spotless. As the other reviews state it is under the flight path but we were on the first floor and could not really hear them fly over. The pool however was on the rooftop and there was no escaping the noise there. The location is only a few minutes away from the gold souks which was great. If you are looking to stay on the Diera side and want a good five star hotel then you can't go past this one. I would stay here again without a doubt. The service was that great I wanted to tip all the staff..	
Jun 20 2005	if going for holiday dont bother staying at this hotel		
May 27 2005	Good choice		
May 2 2005	Nice hotel disappointing location		
Feb 23 2005	This could be so much better		
Dec 8 2004	Great hotel great service		
Nov 9 2004	excellant Hotel		
Aug 19 2004	Great Hotel		
Jun 15 2004	good location for shopping!!		
Jun 5 2004	RUN Don't Walk Away! This was Sherry Hell.		
Oct 28 2009 	razonable		
Jul 12 2009 	?????????????????		
Feb 21 2009 	tres bon hotel service au top...		
Feb 18 2009 	?????????		
Jan 14 2008 	buon punto per gl'affarri e lo shopping		
