Aug 9 2008 	They try hard to please	In between moving from our villa and leaving Dubai permanently we stayed at the Grand Palace Hotel Apartments for nine days. The property's title is a misnomer, it is neither grand nor palatial. It is however well located for much of central Dubai, clean and reasonable value in today's Dubai. One aspect that did rankle was the charges levied on local telephone calls which are free in Dubai. For example, getting charged to phone to order food from the nearby excellent restaurant ( housed in the front of the building but not part of the hotel) is not right. The 24 hour supermarket also housed in the front of the building (but not part of the hotel) is well stocked, the staff are helpful and courteous adds to the convenience of ones stay. Car parking is not a problem with seemingly plenty of space in the basement car parks, better than paying to park in the street and keeps the car cooler by being out of the sun. Breakfast is complementary and served in the sister concern, Al Shams Plaza, a few metres along the road, we cannot comment on its quality as we never partook. There is also a swimming pool and gymnasium on the roof but we cannot comment on this either as we didn't go there. The studio we stayed in is basic but equipped with most of the essentials including cooker, micro wave oven, kettle, toaster, fridge freezer and iron. The staff are very helpful and respond instantly to any call advising them of problems with equipment. The electricity in our room went off a couple of times one evening, we called and the man on duty sent an electrician who thought he had resolved the problem with a fix to the fridge freezer, this proved not to be the case and the fridge freezer was promptly changed, all food and drink swapped from the old unit to the new by the men who delivered it. They were equally attentive to any other requests or problems that arose (although in fairness there were not many) Good service. One downside was screaming children in the hall at all hours, not sure what the management can do about this.	
