Nov 21 2009 	great service and location	I stayed at this hotel for one night as I was transiting through Dubai en route to India. I had never been to Dubai before and wanted a location that was somewhat central for sightseeing. I wasn't particularly interested in the beach or shopping. The hotel is small and intimate, so the service reflects that. Even though I was only there for one night I felt like all the staff knew me by name. The room was a studio suite and was huge and very comfortable, with a kitchen and living room area. The furnishings were basic and the floors were tile, but that was fine with me. My only complaint about the room was that the water in the shower never got more than just warm. The bathroom had an individual water heater that needed to be turned on prior to showering, and even though I did that the water never really got hot. The hotel is centrally located, and great for sightseeing. It's about a 15 minute walk to Dubai Creek so you can take an abra ride across to Deira. The beach areas are about 30 mins in a cab so I wouldn't recommend this hotel for a beach vacation. However the roof top pool at the hotel is very nice and has a great view. The new metro system also makes getting around convenient. The hotel isn't that close to a metro stop but you can take a quick cab ride to get there. The one thing I would advise is that if you are expecting Meridien opulence and luxury, this hotel is not for you. I don't know how it came to bear the Meridien brand but it certainly is not in league with other Meridien hotels. That being said, it was a great stay experience for me and met my needs completely, but is not a luxury property. I'd definitely stay again.	
Sep 22 2009 	Excellent Service	as an expat this was my initial month in dubai before finding a place of my own. The room was spacious. clean, nice room service and friendly staff.I was extremely impressed.there was underground parking available.its on a busy road so all taxis found it easily.	
Jul 3 2009 	Nice apartment good value for money	Good value at under 200 AED booked via spg.com for low season. Spacious apartments with all the needed amenities. But only 2 non smoking floors.Location in the heart of Bur Dubai, away from tourists, lots of restaurants around, as well as a supermarket. 10 min walk to the creek and bus station.Friendly and professional staff. Pool and gym well maintained, free internet 24hrs in lobby	
Jun 14 2009 	Very Good Value for Money	I had booked this hotel to stay for five nights with a friend. The experience has been very good given the location and the value delivered.The hotel is located on a busy street with various restaurants and shopping centers within the walking distance saving on time and taxi bills. The staff is helpful and the rooms are also maintained properly. Overall a very good experience especially with the kind of room rents charged. Definitely a recommendation	
Apr 2 2009 	Nice Option	Very nice apartments. The staff is very helpful and friendly. Nice location, if you want to do a budget Dubai and stay near the expats accomodation. Bur Dubai bus station is in walking distance and from there you can go almost every where in the UAE. If you plan to do beach vacation choose another one - the beaches are not near.	
Mar 8 2009 	Excellent value excellent location	This apartment style hotel is great value in a very expensive city. An easy 10 minute walk and you were at the Creek. Bars and great restaurants were within easy walking distance as well. Taxis were not difficult to get either. The room we had was both clean and spacious. The roof-top pool was nice and had a great view. The staff work hard to please their guests.	
Feb 25 2009 	It was overall a comfortable stay	I stayed at this apartment hotel for two nights about a week back while the Dubai shopping festival was on. It was pretty much a comfortable stay. I really liked the room. the washroom could have been bigger n better. They say Museum and other attractions are just walking distance away but it isnt true. It takes about 10 minutes by cab to reach there in the morning.Only probem I faced one evening was because of too much traffic I couldnt find a cab from another place in Bur back to hotel. I wouldnt recommend this hotel for a romantic get away. But its really good for a business or a short travel trip. I payed about 450AED + taxes for a night.Also I wouldnt recommend staying in Bur as the traffic is really bad most of the day because of the Metro construction some roads are always blocked.	
Jan 25 2009	Good hotel	A very good hotel in an excellent location. The staff is very helpful and friendly. The breakfast buffet has many things to choose from (fresh fruit, different kinds of bread, cheese, pastry, omelets, sausages etc.). Rooms are in good condition, with TV, washing machine, microwave, oven etc. Good beds. Only the toilet was not perfect, as we did not always get hot water. Despite that, the quality of the toilet was above the toilets of most 3 star level hotels.There was also free parking in the hotel. Note, however, that if you intend to do day trips with a car, Bur Dubai area is in the immediate center of Dubai, meaning very heavy traffic most of the time. You will spend lots of time in the car. This applies to the whole downtown Dubai (especially Deira and Bur Dubai), so all hotels in this area have the same problem. It is also very difficult to find a parking space in this area, so make sure that your hotel has free parking (like Dar al Sondos) if you intend to use a car that is (practically the only option to move from one place to another as there is no real public transportation in Dubai ).The hotel also has free internet in the lobby.I would rate the hotel ****+, not ***. Absolutely recommendable.	
Dec 29 2008 	Ruined my honeymoon!	We are Starwood Gold Members and expected any Le Meridien to be ok! Not the case. Now, let me preface this with saying I am a bit of a diva and expect a lot from any Starwood hotel.My husband and I were spending the 2nd leg of our honeymoon in Dubai. As we were nearing the hotel, I knew we were not heading in the right direction. The building is old, it is not in the tourist section, and your view will be either construction of a parking garage or people drying laundry out of their window.The room was just short of disgusting. I am used to Sheraton Sweet Sleepers/Westin Heavenly Beds, etc so when I saw the flat, polyester, yellowing bed I really did want to vomit. No new pillows, no down comforter, no sheets without stains. The &quot;suite&quot; is equal to a suite at an old Holiday Inn...not the new ones. The bathroom was tiny, with a narrow tub. The TV was an old 20&quot; set. No flat screens here. I thought everything in Dubai was supposed to be new and shiny. This, my friend, was not.The room caused my new husband and I to get in a huge fight because I asked if we could switch hotels. I went up to the pool to cool off, it is small and decent. But you would expect a roof-top pool to have a cool view...there is a 4 ft fence wrapping the roof, ruining any view you may have had.I returned to the room to find my husband had decided I was too high-maintenance and locked me out. I debated moving to the Le ROYAL Meridien or The Grovesnor House or any of the other actual NICE hotels in the Jumeriah Beach area. These were going for about $300 USD a night and would have been well worth it. The only problem was that I did not feel comfortable at all being a woman alone in the city. I had to walk down the street to change money at Western Union and felt the heavy stares on men on me. I turned my wedding ring inside out! All of the temples have loud speakers and they blast prayers to the entire city several times a day. I found this to be a bit Big Brother.The doorman was extremely nice and helpful. The desk staff was not as nice and helpful. You will need to change your money for Dubai, all prices are in their own currency.The weather was a lot cooler than we expected. It seemed to be high 60s low 70s and it rained some days. Not really beach weather. I ended up grabbing a cab and heading back to the airport. Like a previous reviewer, I was supposed to stay 5 nights, but due to this hotel, I didn't stay 1 night. I booked the next flight back to JFK, but word to the wise.....you are not allowed to go through security until 3 hours before your flight, and there are no restaurants or shops or anything on the outside. I slept on a chair for 5 hours.The flight from JFK to Dubai was nice and on a new Emirates plane. We had the row to ourselves and got free kits and all. The flight back was on an older plane and was packed. Not empty seats anywhere. I had a screaming (and kicking) baby behind me for 14 hours. The flight out was only 12 hours.If you are looking for a very budget place to stay and you are a man and you do not want a nice view or a beach, this may be ok. I, personally, was absolutely disgusted, I can't believe Le Meridien put their name on this place. It is one thing if it was a POS place next to all the things you wanted to see....but it was a POS place in the middle of the ghetto.Very very very disappointed in Le Meridien and Starwood for this one.	
Nov 19 2008 	A good 3 Star Hotel	My Husband lived in this Hotel for over a year and found it very clean and comfortable, not quite a home from home but it had everything he needed. I visited regularly and was on my own most of the day, i felt completely safe and the staff were always happy to help and very cheerful and tried their best to make me feel at home. i was a regular visitor to the rooftop pool, it is quite small and not a lot of loungers in the busy months but other times i had it to myself most of the day, very nicely maintained and clean. Overall the Hotel is a good 3 star hotel and if you keep that in mind you will find it very good. In my opinion Dubai Hotels are very overpriced and this one does the job nicely.Its not in the heart of the Tourist area but nicely placed to visit the Creek and the smaller malls. Taxi's are very easy to get but dont try to get one to take you over the Creek between 3.30pm and 10.pm as they just wont do it!! the traffic going that way is so busy!! the quickest way we found if you want to sample the food on the other side of the Creek is to walk to the Creek and get an Abra over. Much quicker, cheaper and a great ride!!	
Nov 5 2008 	Cheap. And now I know why!	I booked this hotel for a 1 night transit of Dubai. Despite it being fairly cheap (about £90) for Dubai, I would never stay there again.The apartment has a bedroom/living room/kitchen, and an en-suite bathroom. The bedroom area was plain, with unclean bedding. The living area was equally plain, with a very uncomfortable small sofa, a coffee table and a TV (which had only 1 english-speaking channel that I could find). The kitchen and bathroom were basic but clean.I found the room unwelcoming, cold and noisy (lots of activities in the corridors at night). I found the number of locks on the inside of the door alarming. And I found my view of another building and a car park disappointing. The hotel is about 25 minutes drive away from the airport.The only positive points: the staff were welcoming, the hotel has a pool on the roof (although I didn't see it), and the price.Don't stay here - there are so many other better options.	
Oct 6 2008 	Awful Awful Awful	I figured being a meridien this hotel would be the same standard as you see around the world and tripadvisor travellers rated the pace well how wrong we found the advice to be. Despite costing $250 AUD a night the place is in the worst part of dubai the non westernised area, you do not feel comfortable as a western women and the rooms are old and are poorly finished, rust around taps, bad water pressure amongst other things.We were due to stay 7 nights and left after 1. If you are going to Dubai and want to have a relaxed, beaching lovely time strongly suggest the meridiens on the beach/marina side of Dubai.	
May 27 2008 	Great Location	We visited this hotel in April and found the staff to be friendly.Location wise its very good you can either walk to some of the smaller shopping malls or you can catch a taxi which is a cheap way to get around.Breakfast at the hotel was good general fare and the hotel pool as it was a roof top pool was quite small but we didnt spend much time sunbathing as it was soo hot.If you have kids or your young at heart i would definatly recommend a visit to the wild wadi water park a great way to cool down. i would come back here but in about 10 years time to see what it all looks like after all this building work.	
May 7 2008 	Nice affordable hotel - GREAT service offered by friendly people.	We did our research at Trip Advisor and saw many positive reviews of this hotel, so we booked it directly at the hotel's website. Received a great welcome upon our arrival: hot towels, fresh fruit juice and the staff was particularly friendly. Upon check-in, we received a complimentary room upgrade, which was nice. Breakfast was included in the room rate, which helped keep our food expenses lower than we anticipated.FOOD/DRINK - Don't miss the breakfast buffet. It was wonderful. Try to book a room where breakfast is included in your room rate. This will save you $, although we found local food prices to be fairly reasonable. There is also a small grocery store just 1 block away down the particularly busy street. If you have small children, pay close attn. to them as drivers here will not stop for much. NO BAR in this hotel, so alcohol is nowhere in the building. I was told that a few hotels close-by had restaurants w/ bars, but we were not that motivated to find them. 2 bottles of complimentary water provided each day, which was nice to have at the end of each days' activities upon our return. Complimentary hot snacks were also served at the end of the day. Choice was thin, but food was good.SERVICE - The service we received was a SOLID 4 star and more than made up for the 3 star facilities. They understand good service here and are most responsive to any request or call to the front desk. (Upon checkin to the room, we realized the safe was locked. After calling, maintenance arrived in under 5 minutes and fixed it.)LOCATION - Not the best location for Dubai, but taxis are so cheap, one can get anywhere inexpensively. Watch the street here, as it is quite busy. Probably not the best location if you have children, but was more than functional if you don't plan on staying in the hotel's immed. vicinity. (Our small family went to Wild Wadi and Mall of the Emirates over 2 days, so the location was not all that important to us). TAXIS ARE CHEAP, so don't let this location keep you from staying here.POOL - We used it several times. Very functional. Tiles in the pool area were not made for poolside use as they are very slick when wet. Great view from the rooftop/pool area of the Bur Dubai, when it's not too dusty. Fresh towels provided at the pool area. Again, the pool attendant was friendly and we enjoyed our quiet peaceful time relaxing and catching some sun at the pool.ROOMS - Well appointed and comfortable. We got exactly what we paid for. No surprises when we checked in. NO FUNKY HOTEL SMELL, as is often the case in so many places. The hotel's website gave us advanced notice that there was construction going on beside our hotel - We really appreciated the warning, but happy to report that they basically worked during normal work hours, so it did not inconvenience us at all. As is the case in much of Dubai, construction work is going on practically everywhere, so do not be surpised if you encounter construction noise regardless of your hotel choice in Dubai. Comfy bed, nice bathroom, but not huge. Everything was functional. No place to plug in hot water pot for coffee/tea, but this was solved with one quick call to maintenance, who promptly responded w/ in 5 minutes with a converter.OVERALL - The people make all the difference at the Dar al Sondos Hotel Apartments. As an american expat traveling w/ my wife and 4 yr. old son, this hotel was just fine for our needs. Daytime activities took us out of the hotel most of the day, and upon our return, it was more than comfortable and quite affordable. Wouldn't call it a &quot;great deal for the money&quot;, but would say that we were generally happy with our experience based on the rate that we paid. I would recommend this hotel to western expats venturing to Dubai for their first trip, esp. if you don't want to spend a lot of $ to just get out and explore this exciting/vibrant city for a few days.	
Apr 18 2008 	Great Place !!	We arrived at approx 3am from Cairo and were greated with hot towels and juice at reception !!! All staff outstanding. Rooms great, all you would need for a bed for the night - you are out shopping all day !!! Laundry service excellent. Never used pool, but looked great.Breakfast included was great, again staff fantastic. I left my jacket on a chair one morning and they returned it to me the next morning (I had not even missed it yet !)	
Apr 10 2008 	Not Fantastic but good	Our travel agent booked our trip to Dubai so I'm not sure exactly how much we paid for the room but I was satisfied with the overall package price based on the features of the hotel.It is not near the beach but is close to some of the malls and other interesting areas. The staff was friendly, complimentary breakfast was satisfying. It was too cool for us to take a dip in the rooftop pool but it was clean and looked well maintained. The internet connection was a little slow.We had an amusing time trying to figure out how to use the washing machine. And found out at check out that we had never turned on our hot water. There was a light switch-type toggle on the wall that we were wondering about well...that's what it was for.If you have your window open at daybreak, you can hear the Muslim call to prayer...&quot;Allah U Akbar&quot;. I thought it was very spiritual and soothing. My traveling parnter found it a little eerie. : )It isn't a 5* hotel but is nice and comfortable with friendly service.	
Mar 13 2008 	Fabulous Time At The Meridien Al Sondos...	I stayed at this accommodation with my boyfriend on the 13th October for 11 nights. We came to Dubai due to family friends having a wedding blessing at the Ritz-Carlton. I work as a Travel Agent and did some thorough searching for hotel that would suit us aswell as not spending a complete fortune (accommodation in dubai can be really expensive) especially as we were staying longer than all the guests. I found this fantastic priced hotel &amp; checked up on TripAdvisor for all the reviews. When we eventually got to the hotel, i realised I had looked at the wrong hotel..! There was absolutely nothing to worry about, as soon as we pulled up outside the hotel, the consierge was waiting there, opened doors, took lugagge into the reception. Reception staff were so so friendly, we were handed a drink and damp towels to wipe down due to the heat. We arrived a couple of hours before the check-in time, no problem at all, got a room straight away and even upgraded to a corner apartment on floor 3. Rooms :- The apartment was fairly big, the usual essentials.. kitchenette with microwave, hob etc. Queen sized bed, air con worked very well. T.v had lot's of english/american channels. We had a problem with the shower not working, one phone call down to reception, someone was right up and sorted it within 5mins. The balconies are quite small, however, i'd rather have one that not have one at all.Location :- Meridien Al Sondos is in Bur Dubai, the more suburban area of Dubai. We did have to take taxi's to most places. Most nights we went to the Hard Rock Cafe (you must go there!!) it cost roughly 50 dirhams one way. There are restaurants and a shopping centre just down the road. Supermarkets to buy your essentials just 2 min walk.Food :- We ordered alot of Room Service and the food was gorgeous. We had breakfast included in the holiday price, we only got up twice during the stay to have breakfast as you only have a certain time to between to get it. Breakfast was okay, but we prefered the room service. Facilities :- the pool is on the roof top which is great for catching some rays. quite small but efficient. there's always someone on watch incase theres any mischief going on, or for the children.Internet connection very slow but it works! The gym is brilliant, all the new gadgets not that I done any grafting, just had a little peek.Service :- Fantastic, everyone was so helpful. If you need anything they help you out straight away. If you need a taxi, you just sit and wait and the consierge will grab one for you. Would go back here anytime, but because i've done the city side of Dubai, I might go beach side next time!!	
Jan 28 2008 	Not a nice area	This hotel had good points, with very helpful staff, free internet access and nicely appointed rooms, but felt in need of some TLC, looking jaded around the pool area, the bathroom was reluctant to function properly and the restaurant was a bit of a mixed bag, the breakfasts being excellent (but dont order a 3 minute boiled egg - they come out raw), but the dinners suffering from lack of choice and being undercooked for the order given.There is now bar in the hotel, but a quick trip ddown the rather grotty back streets nearby quickly finds one or two hotels within 400m which do have bars.We only explored the local area as this was only a stopover, but found Dubai to be a typical, dusty, rather dirty and very frenetic city.Would go there again, but not for any length of time.	
Dec 4 2007 	Great Location Nice Big Rooms	Hi travelled to Dubai for the Rugby 7s, 3rd Time I have stayed at the Dar Al Sondos. Good location near shops, restaurants, and great helpful staff.OK its not on the beach, but because its a Le meridien you can get a shuttle to the Royal Meridien Beach Resort and Spa, and pay £15 odd to go in for the day.Transfers from the airport were great. Well worth it for the 5 star experience for a day on the beach.Near the airport for convenience, perfect for a business trip.The rooms are large , well equipped and quiet and very clean.Pool on the roof was lovely.Breakfast was also good.For the price and the location its a perfect hotel.Great tip, go to the Automatic lebanese restaurant at the end of Rolla Street, in the shopping centre food court area, next to the dates shop, best grilled lobster and giant prawns, and the cheapest, went twice, fantastic, dont forget the garlic sauce!!	
Nov 30 2007 	An Excellent Option for Beating the High Prices of Dubai	If visiting Dubai during the high season or a big event, the hotel prices are outrageous. In an effort to lower the costs, my wife and I stayed at Dar Al Sondos by Le Meridian, an apartment hotel. The room was booked on the Starwood website. The hotel is just off the river in Burj Dubai on a quiet street with small businesses. The room was an efficiency apartment with a bath, kitchen (with washer), sitting area and two twin beds. Although a small hotel, it is a full-service with a restaurant, internet station for a fee and tour desk. The upper floors are executive rooms with access to a lounge on the top floor, which also has the pool and fitness center.I was impressed with the quality of the hotel, service and location. Except for the tile floors, this equates to an upscale motel in the States. Close to the hotel is a 7/11 type store, an inexpensive chicken/pizza eatery, several laundries and a large supermarket. While not inexpensive, the Dar Al Sondos provides an option for budget travelers and businessmen seeking relief from the high prices of Dubai.	
Nov 27 2007 	Good value in Bur Dubai	We stayed at le Meridien dar al Sondos appartments for a week in Nov 2007 while visiting our daughter who lives in Dubai. This apparthotel is owned by a local company but managed by Meridien, part of the Starwood group. Essentially it is just like an hotel, with the facilities and service you would normally expect, but with the addition of modest kitchen facilities in the rooms.It is well situated in Bur Dubai, with free secure parking if you have a hire car, or reasonably placed for passing taxis if you don't. It is a short (5 minutes) taxi ride up to Trade Centre Road from where you can get anywhere, or down to Dubai museum and the Creek, or across to Deira by the tunnel. Personally I think Bur Dubai is the best base for independent visitors to Dubai who are not looking for the luxury and cost of 5 star beach hotels. All the front of house staff were very friendly and helpful. We had a one bedroom appartment which consists of a large room, with a small kitchen area and a breakast bar at one end, a sofa and chair in the middle and a large king sized double bed at the other end of the room. It was clean and well equipped, although a little short of shelves in the wardrobes. The room was cleaned every day and fresh towls provided. We had a room on one of the executive floors so breakfast was included in the room price. The free breakfast is served (for executive rooms) on the top floor adjacent to a well equipped fitness centre and a sauna. It was excellent with a wide choice of cereals, juices, fresh fruit, cold cuts, cheese and a hot buffet. There is a restaurant on the ground floor, but we did not use it so can not comment. The hotel does not have a bar.Because we were there at the time of the Dubai air show we had to pay full rack rate, but even this we thought was good value-for-money for Dubai. Overall, we would certainly use it again and would recommend it without hestiation.	
Nov 24 2007	5* for 3* Price.	Arrived here at 10.00a.m. checked in early with no extra charge, greeted with a cool drink, whilst luggage taken to room. Nothing too much trouble excellent stay, with a late check out for an extra half night rate. If you wanted anything they were only too pleased to oblige. There was a full hot and cold breakfast every morning The 3course special evening meal was reasonably priced with a choice of courses every night. If you wanted the shuttle bus service you just booked it the previous day. There was food and drinks available round the pool if you required it, along with free towels for the pool. All in all a very pleasant and enjoyable stay. Couldn't have been treated any better if we had been in a 5* hotel.	
Sep 10 2007 	Reasonble Business Hotel	This is a reasonable business travellers hotel. Location about 15 minutes from the airport, in the 'old' city.The hotel airport pick up service was efficient, and the hotel was able to provide an early (but charged) check-in.Accomodation consists of suites. Mine was a bedroom, bathroom and seperate lounge with a small kitchenettte area. The kitchenette area is largely irrelevent as eating out in Dubai is very cheap - an anyone paying to stay at this hotel is not going to bother to do any cooking in the room.The Hotel has a cafe / resturant, but does not have a bar - so you have to go to another hotel if you want an alcholic drink. The hotel is clean, the rooms of a good standard, but not exceptional. Breakfast is a buffet. Again, reasonably good, with fresh juices served and eggs cooked to order. Service a little slow, so allow a bit of extra time.A general note about Dubai. Getting a taxi is difficult at the best of times. Give reception at least 30 minutes notice if you want one - more at peak times.The hotel is surrounded by buildings under construction - on three sides. However it was not noisy, and as a business traveller, this did not concern me. On a more positive note, there is a huge shoppping mall just across the road - which is open most night until 11.30pm - again great for the business traveller.	
Jul 31 2007	Good Budget Hotel	We wanted to stay at a budget place that was still able to process my husband's short stay visa for Dubai. We found this place to be easily contacted and they did process the visa before we got there. They did process it incorrectly so we had to pay a fine and that was irritating, but it did get us through immigration. Requests for a refund fell on deaf ears. The room was decent but a bit smelly, like someone cooked fish in it for a week. Was it cooking smell or the cleaning solution? Hard to tell. Luckily we were there in January so it was quite cool and we could throw the window open and get the smell out. People coming in the summer would have more of an issue. The cleaning staff did a good job and we got fresh towels every day We liked the bathroom, kitchen and bed. The room had a clothes washer which was nice. There was no breakfast in our cheap price but we did all our cooking in the room which saved a lot of money. The neighborhood was working class and no one seemed to sleep around here. We could go looking for food and groceries anytime day or night. If course, crime is pretty much non-existent in this city so we felt safe walking anywhere, anytime. Just watch out for the bad drivers.  The pool was nice. It is surround by a bunch of Europeans turning brown and no one seemed to actually swim. It was cold but why heat it when no one swims? Reception was nice enough. We managed to figure out the bus system so took the bus to the airport. I think the airport shuttle was no longer offered by the hotel. One couple was going to the airport on the same day and we heard them told by staff that two hours before the flight was plenty of time for calling a cab. With the hellish traffic we thought that sounded tight. Hopefully the couple made it. We would give at least an hour to drive there and two hours for the airport.We have pretty low expectations for hotels in general. We could see why this hotel would not be up to snuff for those with high standards.	
Jul 22 2007 	Our favorite in Dubai and we keep coming back	My husband and I have stayed here several times over the past year. We work in Afghanistan, so due to flight limitations, we are here often. We have tired other hotels in Dubai, but keep coming back to this one. It is basic, clean, good service, not over the top (like so many other dubai hotels) but my favorite is that there is no &quot;in house&quot; disco to keep you up all night. This is a good place for travelers who are in Dubai for something other than party-ing all night. The room service is always excellent and there is also a great little Indian restaurant across the street. Also, there are a few small grocery stores a few meters down the street as well as a small shopping mall with a travel agent on the 2nd floor in case you need to make any travel chages.Airport drop offs are not a problem- any time, day or night. Also, there is a washing machine for clothes in the room, should you need to do a load. The little kitchen is great for making your own snacks (remember the little gorcery store down the street). All in all, it is a perfect little hotel for us- the weary traveler. Good food, cheap and clean- can't beat that!	
Apr 3 2007	Pleasant Experience	I stayed here with my wife and son for a week in March and we had a really enjoyable stay. The staff were quite courteous at all times and the facilities were extremely clean and well kept. I was quite surprised to hear about the unpleasant experience of some guests but this was certainly not the case with us. The standard of cleanliness was remarkable and the location was excellent for our schedule and needs as well. Breakfast was more than adequate, especially with a small child and it is well located within proximity to good supermarkets and restaurants. The only suggestion I would like to make is with the tour guide at the reception - no matter what price you get quoted, always negotiate because as I found to my cost every quote you get given is just an invitation to make offers! All in all I think it is definitely somewhere we would stay again when we do go back to Dubai.	
Mar 31 2007 	Wonderfull hotel	We stayed here for ten days from the 20th till the 30th march 2007. The hotel is wonderfull and has a great staff with friendly people. The rooms are spacious and have everything needed. There was indeed some construction going on on the lot next to the hotel and we actually had a room overviewing this but that didn't bother us at all. The breakfast is wonderfull and everything at the restaurant to. The only thing that bothered me was the tour agency @ the hotel SUNCITY TOURS BEWARE OF THEM We booked four tours with them and for the last one they charged way to much and the tour was awfull. The guide didn't spoke any understandable English. The so called wonderfull lunch was inexisting and half of the tour described in the book wasn't done. The dessert safari, the dinner cruise and the city tour where very well but the east coast tour is like i mentioned very bad. That must have been the worst tour ever. So maybe it's worth looking to other tour agencies.	
Feb 27 2007 	Worst Hotel in the World!	Worst hotel in the world and i advise anyone thinking about staying to rethink. Arrived early morning to be greeted by a very grumpy receptionist but this was the least of our worries. After waking up on the first day we decided to go for some food. When we returned to the hotel we found the entire floorhad a layer of smoke on the ceiling. To our horror on opening our room there was a gulf of thick black smoke and our room was on fire. Not a single fire alarm had been raised until we activated it. On telling reception we were told to sit down while the handy man was sent up to investigate. 10mins later he came down to cartify there was a fire. Does it seriously take 10mins!! After the fire brigade was finally called and fire extinguished we surveyed the mess that was our possessions. Had to go to the Police station to give a statement. The hotel refused to compensate us for the trouble. It was clearly an electrical fire or fault with the room. The fact that none of the smoke/fire detectors didnt work was also worrying. When questioned the manager brushed all questions aside. Had the cheek to demand payment for damages despite the fire being the hotels fault. Was obviously going to pocket the money himself as asked for cash. We had to stay on to resolve issues for which the hotel had the cheek to actually charge us.For poor health and safety, corrupt management, poor service, building works and noise nearby, immoral actions post the fire i would not recommend anyone stay here. Forget our possessions, someone could have got seriously injured. The cheek not only not to recogbise their faults but to actually demand money is devious at the least. Do not stay here!	
Dec 5 2006	GREAT HOTEL GREAT STAFF	Excellent hotel, we stayed there for five nights from November 09 till 14. They picked up us at airport which was a pleasant surprise. Excellent staff: front desk, driver, bellboys, room service and our housekeeper who was from Nepal. The room very big and comfortable studio and the breakfast delicious. I highly recommend this hotel,Ana Teresa Delgado de MarìnCaracas, Venezuela	
Apr 22 2006	Lukewarm reception!!!	recently stayed here 3 nights with my husband,no transport provided from airport, had to get taxi (approx £6)reception people were okay but not overtly friendly,was given a twin bed room, even when we had booked for a double! had to go back down and show them my copy of reservation for double room, no problems, was given a double rm which was even better as it was on the corner and had dual views of the area, white walls were grubby! however as i was going down the hallway it seemed the decorators were in some rooms revamping the whole room, paint, fittings, new colour scheme etc...a porter guy took our luggage to the room on arrival and this one in particular was overtly friendly.we thought it was just his good nature, but he was trying to hard sell us a sand safari trip costing Dhs170, lucky for us my husband picked a leaflet at the airport for the exact safari, costing Dhs160!!! obviously he was trying to get his own cut!!! we told him we will think about it, and decided to go directly to the company.incidently, the hotel was charging Dhs240 for the same tour with the same company!!! anyway to cut it short, this porter, and the hotel were really peeved of with us that we didnt go through them, and everytime we saw the porter and smiled at him he ignored us, which was just really bad manners!!!the rest of the staff are generally hard working friendly people.the rest of the hotel was ok, buffet breakfast was included in our stay price, was ok, good choice of foods.the room was ok, but a funny smell in the kitchen.being a corner room it was quite large, the bathroom was ok, tiny bath, but we did have v.hot water!towels were changed in the morning and the evening, which was great!also a nice little suprise was a saucer full of chocolate easter eggs and sweets was left on our bedside table to mark easter!also the pool was ok, great if u want to bake yourself as its on the roof directly under the sun! &amp; can get crowded around with the decks as there not enough space, plus ...women beware, the pool guy wears dark sunglasses for a reason, and its not to protect his eyes from the sun!!! i was planning to use the pool all 3 days, but with some1 sitting and watching, is very uncomfortable so i ended up using for only 1 hour!!!the general area is good with 4 shopping malls down the main road, a supermarket to stock up on cheap fruit, water, snacks etc, a post office down the other side of the road ( to post your postcards), a phone box across the road (to phone home, and cheaper than hotel phone), plus lots of eating places around!!!also theres lots of other hotels in the area.the nice thing was a big mix of different people, workers and tourists.i dont think i'l come to this hotel again, rather try something new!Dubais a great place, this was my 3rd time, and wont be the last, and theres loads of hotels to choose from!!!	
Mar 14 2006	A great value hotel	My wife and I went to Dubai in Feburary for a four day break, we wanted to be central but didnt want to spend a fortune on a hotel that we were only going to use to sleep in. Although we had read the advirse comments we decided to take a chance, well the hotel was great, we arrived at 8am thinking that we would have to wait until miday for a room but no we were checked in straight away and shown up to a large room on the 6th floor, room clean with all mod cons phone, tv, washing machine, microwave, fridge two ring burner, plates, cutlery etc. Bathroom a little dated but fine. We showered and only got luke warm water, on going out told reception and found it fixed on our return. The staff were polite and helpfull, sheets changed daily, never waited more than five mins for a cab, swimming pool on roof clean and okay for a swim after a long day. We didnt eat in the hotel as we wanted to try the five star ones. Overall a great place to stay at a very good rate no flash lobby and not on the beach but what we saved on the price of the room we spent on eating out in five star hotels at breakfast and diner. A real good place to lay your head but dont expect a doorman or grand feature lobby.	
Feb 25 2006 	A nightmare ....stay away from this hotel	A hellish experience (it is not over). Examples? How about these:+ The shuttle from the airport was inexistent...took a taxi+ the room i was given stinked (do not ask me what...it might disgust you)+ noisy house keepers woke me up at 7 AM+ the alarm blasted at 3 AM+ when asked to change room i was given a room in the same conditions. + I decided to pay the extra for an &quot;executive room&quot;, well ........when changed (for the 3rd time) it was exactly the same as the rest!!!!! except that the room had a safe wowwwww+ incredibly enough i was awakened at 6 AM....a water pipe broke and flooded the 7th floor......+ my room was left without water....guess what....new change!!!+ the ordeal still lives on....i have 3 more nights ahead of me......i dream of home+ the breakfast is terrible+ no taxis at ythe door, getting a cab is a nightmareI will NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL AGAIN, AND I SERIOUSLY DOUBT TO REPEAT ON ANY LE MERIDIEN	
Feb 16 2006	Beware of the central booking system	This hotel apartment provided a decent and less expensive option during the expensive Dubai shopping festival for my family of five. However, we were almost refused a room that we reserved.We booked through the Le Meriden central phone booking for two rooms for two nights (Feb 4th and 5th). This is very convenient as cancellation is allowed without penalty if made before 2 pm.We had to cancel one night through the phone booking centre at Dubai as we stayed one more night in Al Ain. At the time when we phoned to cancel our booking, we confirmed our two rooms for Feb 5th again as we knew we would arrive late. When we arrived at the hotel on the 5th, the front desk staff would only give us one room. The staff said the hotel did not have our booking for the second room. Even though after we contacted the Dubai phone centre whom admitting to her that our booking reference number was valid, we were still refused a room and the staff even declared and that it was not her problem. We understand mistakes do happen but what was most frustrating was this very unhelpful attitude. So beware of booking made through the Le Meriden central booking system. The hotel did not apparently act in tandem with this system. The best thing is to phone the hotel directly to make/confirm/cancel your booking. However, you need to observe the office hour as the hotel reservation centre does not operate 24 hours a day.	
Feb 1 2006 	decent place to stay with family	i stayed at this hotel along with wife stayed at this property in jan 2006. even though the name was not known to me before but i trusted the Le meredien association and booked myself.a) prices: price quoted was extremely high AED 650 plus taxes but then it was understandable becoz of exhibition going on at trade centre.b) location: its located on residential area and sometimes finding taxi in morning could be time consuming. However there are lots of grcoery stores,restaurants on same street.c) rooms: rooms were well maintained and house keeping was prompt. Rooms ervice was OK.Small kitchen in room was extrememly useful and since we stayed for 1 week, it was very useful. Houekeeping staff will also clean the dishes and plates.d) security: this was best feature of this hotel if you are staying with family. You wont find dubious people hovering around in lobby. This is very important in dubai as many hotels are frequented by hookers and we need to be careful if u stay with family.Overall, its nice decent hotel which will give u value for money.	
Jan 31 2006	Good value for money	We stayed here back in september 2005. It was fantastic value for money.The hotel is located near the electronics souk area. It isn't too far from BurJuman shopping centre, although it can seem it in 40 degree heat. Taxis are readily available and are really cheap. The kitchen is well equipped and the washing machine is very helpful. Our room was very cleaned and the sheets/towels changed daily. Room service is also very good and very good value.There are supermarkets and shops nearby so buying food and supplies isn't a problem.The hotel is about 15-20 minutes to the nearest abra station (there is also a very large Carrefour supermarket there).Take an abra across the creek to the gold souk.. much better than sitting in a taxi in traffic.There is building going on beside the hotel, but, in Dubai, where isn't there building happening!! Even the 5star hotels on the beach are beside building sites. A major plus with the hotel being part of the meridian group is that you get to use the private beaches at the sister hotels. We used the Le Royal Meridian Beach Resort &amp; Spa.. it was fantastic.. You must be staying at one of the other meridan hotels to use their facilities. In the lobby of the hotel, Net Tours have a representative to organise some activities while you are in Dubai. We booked the Dhow dinner cruise with them. The driver was 45mins late (even though he is supposed to ring the hotel and advise if he is stuck in traffic or delayed). We were not impressed with them. The cruise was fine, apart from not having air conditioning which wasn't too nice. We then booked the desert safari with Arabian Adventures, who in contrast couldn't do enough to help. Our driver was very friendly and knowledgeable. There is a fantasic little indian/chinese (yes it does both) across the road from the hotel. It is extremely well priced and the food is wonderful.	
Jan 24 2006	Great facilities and value for money	On a recent trip to UK from Australia my 15 year old son and I stopped over in Dubai in both directions. We had a great time and would definitely return.On the outward journey we stayed at Le Merdien Dar al Sondos hotel. The hotel provided free pick up from the airport and they were waiting for us once we cleared Customs. The hotel is situated in a quiet street in Bur Dubai about 20 minutes from the airport. It does not look very impressive from the outside but we found it more than met our needs. We wanted to stay somewhere reasonably priced which is quite hard to do in Dubai. The package on their website included breakfast and it was $A150 a night. Our room was large and clean with a little balcony. The best asset was a small kitchen which also had a washing machine. This was great as we had been to Bangkok before Dubai and needed to do our laundry. The hotel provided at clothes airer on request and everything dried on the balcony. The breakfast provided was good and well presented. The pool area was well kept, but the tiles were treacherously slippery underfoot, a great deal of care was needed with wet feet. The hotel provides a daily shuttle to their sister beach property. There were local supermarkets in the street as well as a bakery, shawerma shop and a good Indian restaurant. We did not find the hotel noisy except for the morning call to prayer from nearby mosque. All part of the atmosphere of being in UAE.We would certainly stay here again	
Jan 23 2006	It was a nice little budget hotel	I stayed at Dar Al Sondos Le Meridien Bur Dubai with my wife and 1 and half year old toddler in December 2005 for a week. I had read good/ bad reviews on this property at trip advisor and other websites before the trip. However, putting my faith in the Le Meridien brand and not-so-bad reviews, we decided to stay at this hotel. I must say that our stay was quite pleasant. The rooms were nice. We had no noisy neighbours or noisy construction around.. atleast on the wing we had our apartment in... The kitchenette was extremely useful as i had a baby with me. The room service was prompt 24 hours. No horrible mattresses, no cigarette packs behind TV (i checked!),etc. The negatives would be:1. except for CNN and one other channel, there was nothing on tv except for Arabic channels which is a problem for non Arabs.. anyways, it didn't matter as we were outside mostly. 2. The mini bar is very very expensive.. dare not touch!3. They don't give you bottled water through room service which was quite funny, you need to tag a mineral water carton along! The good things surpassed the negatives though! I am recommending this hotel to all my friends who are budget travellers like me.. and if you have a little one .. bingo!Dubai is a wonderful to place to be in too , so people who dont stick around too much at the hotel should find this stay cheap and fulfilling.	
Jan 2 2006	Noisy noisy noisy	We stayed one night at Dar al Sondos Hotel Apartments in December, 2005. Our main complaint was that everywhere in the hotel is tiled. The reception, breakfast room, the guest rooms, the pool surrounds - everywhere.At midnight when your upstairs neighbours come home in their heels, you will hear them. When they prepare a late night snack, you will hear them. When the wander off for natures calling at 3 in the morning, you will hear them. As guests they're well entitled to do all these things of course, but it makes you wonder why they have to tile EVERYTHING. It's so noisy. Sorry to the people staying below us!The tiles around the pool are smooth and offer no grip at all when wet. Very dangerous.If I was to give the hotel a star rating, I'd say 1/2 for location, 1/2 for the building and rooms itself and 2 stars for the two guys selling the little Beef pita's up the road. They're delicious. 3 stars MAX for this hotel where I believe they claim 5 stars. They're kidding themselves and their clients.	
Nov 17 2005 	Excellent Hotel  Surprised by the negative reviews !	Had to travel to dubai on November 14th on a very short notice for a business meeting , asked my travel agent to book me an hotel but they came up with extremely high rates for unknown hotels .. they said most hotels are fully booked because of an important exhibition and conference (as if this is rare and not all year round in dubai ) so i decided to search myself and while browsing i logged on to Meridien and found a good rate for Meridien Sondos (Good meaning less than what my travel agent came up with , but still very expensive when compared to most hotels worldwide!!) . After i made the booking and already in the airport i was spending time browsing the internet untill i found the reviews on Tripadvisor ! and I was scared .. i spent the 4 hours flight thinking that i made a terrible mistake and that I will find a terrible and dirty hotel , with cigarette packs thrown behind the TV .. etc. etc. As soon as i arrived to Dubai ( I had to wait for 2 hours infront of Hertz to get a car !!) I thought i would go and check the hotel , then if i find what i expected i would leave and check in at any other hotel at any rate .. i was really exhausted .. The Lobby looked good .. very helpful people in the reception .. (so far so good ! ) .. They placed me in a SONDOS Suite .. and upon entry to the room .. WAW !!The room is really good .. actually it's a two room appartment .. luxury furniture .. tip top condition .. very clean .. excellent view on the creek .. It had a Kitchen with all the equipment you could think of .. It had a washing machine .. and two bathrooms ! It was really a refreshing surprise for me after such a long day and long flight .. i wanted the guy out of the room ASAP in order to start enjoying .. 50+ Channels .. many in English .. A/C is excellent .. Internet connection available .. It is really one of the best rooms ( appartments ) i have been in .. I even looked behind the TV looking for any trash or packs of cigarettes , but didn't find any .. I would definitly stay again in this hotel if the price was right because this time it was very expensive because of the exhibition ..	
Sep 12 2005	Really would not recommend this hotel!	This was truly a hotel from hell!. There was a building site next door (which I'm sure will be there 'til at least January 2006)- which started at 5.30am, which was a great for making sure you were up early and didn't waste the day!. The swimming pool was out of order for the whole duration of our stay (5 nights!). The staff were pretty clueless - they lied about the pool opening (they said it would be open after 2 days, as they thought we were only there for those days, rather than 5). When we asked the staff about beach resorts, the failed to warn us the beach we were going to was women and children only (I mean, we are both gay boys, but they still wouldn't let us in!).The manager was very good, the kind of placating man you just can't argue with. That of course was even more frustrating as we had no way to vent our anger!.Also, the breakfast is pretty awful too. Still not sure how that made the cooked items taste so bad!.Finally, previous reviews said it was cheap; personally I don't think it was. You'd be much better off paying an extra £20/£30 a night to stay in a proper 4* hotel!.	
Aug 17 2005	Emirates break - Awful awful hotel	I simply cannot believe all the previous reviews! I'm sure they did not stay at the same hotel as us!We booked through Emirates Bargain Breaks. The reviews indicated a good hotel. Our experience was far from it.We arrived tired at 12:45am after baggage/immigration - were told to wait. So we stood there for 15 minutes. Then at 1am we were allowed on the hotel shuttle bus. We only left at 1:45am. I wish we had just taken a taxi - it would have been 15 minutes and only 30AED.Get to the hotel, get served straight away, which was fine. Given a non-smoking room with king bed, again, fine. They tell us for a 9pm flight that the 7pm shuttle bus is ok. We question that (as we have stayed in Dubai before) but they insist they are not going at 6pm but at 7pm.Get to the room. Go to bed straight away. Don't sleep the entire night as the mattress was lumpy, with soft &amp; hard patches, and the sheets smelt of cigarettes.In the morning when we get up, we see quite how filthy and dirty the room is. The rugs/carpets are covered in lint/dirt/hair. There are cigarette packets thrown down behind the back of the TV cabinet (I found this out because I dropped the remote and went to retrieve it). There is accumulated dirt and grime everywhere. Half the light bulbs were blown or not working. The air-con was either &quot;freezing-on&quot; or &quot;boiling-off&quot;.The TV only had CNN as the only English language program by the way.The room had ZERO cold water available - the water was scalding hot, even from the cold tap.There were bugs/critters crawling up through the drains.Breakfast was not free for us, and by the time we got down at 9:30am there was little edible left.We escaped to the city for the day. Thank goodness, because there really werent any decent malls &quot;within walking distance&quot; (hahahaha!) of the hotel, and the &quot;restaurants&quot; nearby were mostly cheap snack food / fast food joints.We had a nice day in town and caught a film.The nightmare was about to really start.We got phoned by reception at 6pm to come down at 6:30pm to check out because they were going to be busy. So we did. The receptionist was rude and made us feel like criminals by telling us to sit in the corner whilst she sends someone to check the mini-bar. She never came back to us to tell us if the mini-bar had been checked.At 7pm the shuttle bus loads up.We sit there until 7:25pm when my husband goes to complain. A couple turn up who were late for the 7pm bus. Apparently we were waiting for them. Great.....We arrive at the airport after the horrendous traffic (common for Dubai in the evenings) at 7:58pm. The driver then messes around for five minutes ignoring valid empty spaces without rhyme or reason.I am in tears by this stage because our long haul intercontinental flight departs at 9pm, and check-in closes 1 hour before hand.Thankfully I think the ground staff took pity on us/me and let us through, but I will never stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 14 2005 	Quiet Spacious Recommended!	I stayed here for 4 days on business in August 2005. I hadn’t heard of it before but the price was so good I couldn’t refuse. It is right next to the city centre shopping mall and less than 10 minutes from the airport. Warning, the humidity in August is ridiculous but that is nothing to do with the hotel.The rooms were very nice, clean, quiet and spacious with a full sized fridge, freezer, washing machine, cookware etc.I only ate once in the hotel on the first night and although the portions were a good size and well priced. The quality was very average. As a regular visitor to Dubai I can tell you that most of the time the food is excellent and there are so many other hotels and restaurants a short taxi ride away. Also I suspect the hotel maybe dry (no alcohol) as there was alcohol free beer in the fridge.The pool is small and covered in shadow most of the day, but it does the job. If you want a holiday hotel go to the beach. There was also a fully equipped gym but I didn’t try it out. There is a business centre with reasonably price high speed internet access on the ground floor.The biggest downfall I can think of is that the hotel is off a major road and it sometimes took about 15minutes to hail a taxi.I found the service a little slow but good overall and would have no problem in recommending it.	
Jul 27 2005 	A Very Nice Little Hotel Apartment	I spent three nights at Le Meridian Dar Al Sondos Hotel Apartments from July 12, 2005 to July 15, 2005. The hotel was a refreshing break from your normal swanky hotels in Dubai. The rooms were very large and functional. The washing machine was definitely a plus. The service was very prompt and the staff were extremely polite and accomodating. Room service was also very reasonably priced when compared to other hotels in Dubai. My work takes me to Dubai atleast once every three months and i am planning on staying at this place from now on. I found it to be a great alternative to the 4 and 5 star business hotels.	
Jun 1 2005	Great little hotel in Dubai	I travel to Dubai about half a dozen times a year either as a transit stop or a short break. On my most recent trip I needed one nights accomodation for myself and a toddler (a kettle, fridge and a little more room a BIG advantage!). I was very happy with the Dar Al Sondos and would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a clean, child-friendly, well laid out, efficient and friendly hotel. Having a 24 hour supermarket down the road and plenty of shopping and restaurants within a short walking distance this is a true hidden treasure in Dubai. A complimentary shuttle is available to the airport which is less than 10 minutes away (well depending on the hour of the day!). I will definately return.	
Apr 20 2005	Dubai on a Budget- Dar Al Sondos Hotel	We have just returned from 10 days staying in the above hotel/apartment.If you are looking for a well positioned hotel for a city holiday it is great.They do complimentary pick up &amp; drop off from the airport a bonus if going for the first time and saves you about 40 dirhams each way for a taxi. The twin bed room was a good size with the bonus of a kitchenette with microwave, kettle, toaster, fridge and real plus a washing machine! (All clean clothes to bring home!) We had a balcony as well. The hotel has a restaurant with a 3 course meal of the day at 35 dirhams ( £5 ). and a coffee lounge. They do a daily free shuttle to the beach. It is on the Bur Dubai side, distance to the creek about 5mn walk. There are plenty of supermarkets in easy walking distance and dozens of restaurants, a roof top swimming pool and gym complete the extras. The bedding was changed frequently staff were very friendly and efficient. We paid £51 a night for both of us inclding the 20% taxes. Just a tip do not use mini bar as prices about 6 times higher than in supermarket. Dubai is a great place an excellent mixture of old and new, alcohol only available in hotels but try Waxy O'Connors Ascot Hotel on a Friday for the best deal in Dubai, 50 dirhams gets you a great brunch a buffet and 5 drinks served 12-7.	
Apr 18 2005	very friendly staff	arrived at 7 am and were given a room instantly. even got a free breakfast at arrival. as we got a room facing a building site asked for a new room and were given it without problems. hotel is close to restaurants and shopping malls and supermarkets. free transfer to and from airport and beach. rooms are very spacious and well equipped. downsides: bulding site beside the hotel which is very noisy (staff tells us, that will be till end of 2005). you cant use a private beach of a &quot;sister-hotel&quot;. pool - which is quite nice -has absolutely no shadow. no alcohol available in the hotel. all in all: a good hotel, very affordable price.	
Mar 21 2005	7 day city break cheap and cheerful	Booked the Dar Al Sondos via KLM web site, as frequent visitors to Dubai on this occasion we were looking for a cheap and cheerful Studio Apartment. The Dar Al Sondos pretty much fitted the bill (note no bar so pick up your drinks at the duty free on arrivals at the airport, but it does have a coffee shop). 3 Star Hotel Apartments are plentiful in Dubai if you know your way around, and this one is in a good location for walking to Bur Dubai (Fort and Museum, Heritage Village, Creek), Bur Jurman Shopping Mall, etc. Hotel has a few little touches that the le Merdien brings, nice roof top pool (only about 18 loungers), gym, very friendly staff, but can’t get overly excited about the breakfast which in fairness was all there, juices, cereals, breads, rolls, cold cuts, cheeses, hot buffet scrambled eggs…..etc. Sounds fine but not quite making the standard. The rooms are very clean and serviced daily, they are also fitted with 2 ring electric hob, micro wave oven, fridge, washing machine. There is also a shuttle bus to the beach (Sister Hotel) and there is a Tour Agent in the lobby. Check out time is 12:00 but you can shower and freshen up in the gym/sauna (up to 22:00) if you have a late flight.We hired a car to exploring during the day and walked around at night. In summary very good for what it is, a 3 star hotel apartment.	
Mar 28 2009 	??????????????????????good?		
