Nov 11 2009 	A haven away from the high-rises and traffic.	We stayed here for 3 nights whilst on a visit to see my daughter and her family. The hotel is set in a quiet area in beautiful surroundings next to a lake. The pools are clean and have a pool attendant and waiter-service. The rooms are very comfortable (ask for one witha lake view) and clean. Breakfast was a feast and the hotel offers tempting evening dining.The staff are extremely polite and helpful and, even though my daughter was only a visitor with her baby, the staff went out of their way to help her carry the baby-seat and pushchair to our room. People in Dubai make a lot of fuss over litle children and it's a lovely 'ice-breaker'!The hotel IS further away from the city and airport but, the hotel taxis are on hand and there are free shuttles to a mall and a beach-hotel.There's a small mall adjoining the hotel and it's only a short stroll to local restaurants on the other side of the lake. There are parks nearby to enjoy leisurely walks and take the children to the playground.	
Aug 20 2009 	Great Hotel. Great Staff. Would go again	The hotel was excellent, the staff extremely friendly and the amenities superb. Would definitely stay here again, however be prepared to pay a little more for taxi's as it is away from the main city centre but there is an attached shopping mall for anything you may need. I prefer that it is away from the city but some would find this an annoyance.	
Jul 18 2009 	Friendly Staff	Stayed for 3 nights. Hotel is quite far away from airport and city centre. Although hotel is in a lovely area. With shopping centre attached to the exec appartments next door. Pool was lovely although a bit hot for middle of the summer. All staff were really friendly, helpful and smiley. The only thing to grumble against was the price of dinner in both restaurants, was just as expensive as each other. Also Price for breakfast was extortionate for a bowl of cereal and some fruit.	
Apr 28 2009 	for work but place was good to relax after a long day quiet and nice	had gone for work but place was well adjusted and kept for some one to rest after a long day	
Jan 23 2009 	Excellent Service!	Stayed for 3 nights here and we were very pleased with it.The hotel is mainly for business visitors (my wife being one of them), however, the service we recieved throughout our stay was first class. The staff could not do enough to make us welcome and accomodate our needs.If there is one downside, it is the price of drinks....but that's Dubai through &amp; through, it is a muslim country after all.You are quite far from downtown Dubai, however, I would recommend you get the free shuttle to the Emirates Mall and get a taxi from there.Around the complex, there are a few very good restaurants (none of them licenced) the Japanese is especially nice and good value.	
Jan 8 2009 	Great for Families!	We stayed here with our 2 year old daughter for 11 nights. All of the staff went out of their way to please us. The service was fantastic. A great hotel for families set outside the hustle and bustle. Great shopping centre connected to hotel and lovely green areas to walk around including childrens playground e.t.c. Some restaurants also easy walking distance from hotel. 2 childrens pool and 1 large pool. We had a hire car so easy to get around. Not far from all the good shopping centres.	
Dec 29 2008 	Not great noisy expensive	Long drive from DXB through 35km building site. Best restaurant items pricey. Lots of uncontrolled children and associated noise and nuisance. Disturbed sleep throughout stay due to noise of guests coming and going, and cleaning and maintenance work Small pool, used by lots of children, some incontinent.Not good. Won't revisit if I don't have to - much better available elsewhere in Dubai.	
Oct 14 2008 	Not a fan..........	I have stayed at this hotel a few times and it is fairly average.The most recent time was during Ramadan and I was actually yelled at by the pool attendant for taking a sip of water discreetly.A very functional hotel which is linked to a small shopping centre. The pool and gym area are ok. Rooms are comfortable and modern (the hotel is fairly new). There is a restaurant which serves a buffet but I didnt find the quality very good. I found a great japanese restaurant just outside the hotel, part of the shopping complex.Not a lot around unless you have business in the area.	
Oct 2 2008	Basic hotel with great rates during Ramadan	We usually stay at the Courtyard to connect with family members in other emirates. We got a 600 dhs rate for each room and booked 2 rooms, one with king and the other with 2 double beds, connecting. The day we left the rate went up to 1200 dhs which I would rather pay for a beach hotel. The hotel is always clean and I love that it connects to a small shopping mall with a supermarket, and a couple of restaurants. We don't really use the pool, but it's a basic pool and not the glitz and glamour of other pools in dubai. Breakfast was included in the rate and their food is great. The only problem is the round about that you have to go on to enter the hotel. It's not the hotel's fault but it does limit your time somewhat due to a possible wait of 30 minutes just for the round about. The exit from the hotel is much easier. The community which this hotel is located in is really beautiful and quiet with the hotel right on the man made lake. The ambiance at night is very relaxing with the lighting. There is also a shuttle to mall of the emirates, which is nice because otherwise you won't find parking or a taxi at the mall.	
Sep 6 2008 	Nice affordable hotel in Dubai	Stayed here for more than 1 month. It is a bit far away from the &quot;major&quot; Dubai attractions (about 35 AED to Dubai Internet City, 110 AED from the airport) but a really nice hotel in a quite location.The internet connection is really expensive (AED 450 per week) but reliable. A small shopping mall is connected to the hotel and there are a couple of nice restaurant around the lake (the japanese one is highly recommended). They also offer a shuttle service to the mall of emirates and jebel ali resort. The room service could've been a bit better - stuff which was on the floor stayed on the floor and they cleaned around it.	
Jun 9 2008 	Great Holiday for the family.	Went to Dubai in May half term with my wife and two young children and decided to stay at the Courtyard Marriot. After reading some of the reviews, I was slightly dubious. However, I was won over, the service was brilliant and the room was over looking the lake. The hotel was very quiet, which was Ideal with two young children as they could splash away in the pool all day long, without disturbing anyone.If you want to see the sights, this isn't the hotel for you as it is about 30-40 mins drive to city centre. However, you can free shuttles to the Emirates Mall and the taxis are cheap. You also get a free shuttle to the Jebel Ali Beach and Spa, which is fantastic.This hotel is ideal for anyone who a young family.	
May 23 2008	Away from city center	We stayed at the Courtyard Marriott for 3 nights on points, and got their smallest room. The bath/shower was the narrowest we have ever experienced. Housekeeping kept forgetting things like toilet-paper, towels, refill tea-bags etc. The Bell-boys were the most professional staff at this hotel. Always smiling and helpful. Reception-service was also good. The telephone-messages could only be deleted by calling the staff, very annoying when the red-light is blinking at night and you have cannot delete messages yourself.We tried the bar when we arrived late at night- beautiful outside terrace, but bad service. It took 30 min. to order, 20 min. to get the drinks and 20 min. to get the bill signed.The area Green community is surrounded by an electricity-pole jungle and is as far away from the city as you can get. But once you get inside the Green Community it is very nice laid out with a big lake, and it is possible to go for a walk which is rare in Dubai. The hotel has a small shopping-center next door. Hotel has shuttle-bus to a great 5*beach-resort nearby, and a shuttle-service to the Mall of Emirates. Easy to get to/from airport as one does not need to drive on the most busy roads.	
May 2 2008 	Excellent	I spent 2 weeks in January and 1 week in April in Dubai on business and stayed at the Marriot Courtyard on both occasions and will stay here again and again,so good is the service. The hotel itself is clean, smart, well equipped and very relaxing. The staff are very welcoming and genuinely friendly and polite. The Pine grill offers a great breakfast and in the evenings you can choose from A la Carte or the buffet and barbecue which offers good value for money or the italian resteraunt(Cucina) is a must try. There is also a good resteraunt called Chilli`s in the adjoining mall and several others around the lake so the choice is excellent.The Hotel is out on its own but the Taxi`s are very good and cheap, just try to plan any trips before or after the main rush hours. It took 45 minutes to get to the Jummeriah beach hotel one evening but 15 minutes to get back. The hotel also offer a courtesy bus to the Mall of the Emirates or the beach and these are timed right. All in all a cracking hotel away from the hustle and bustle.	
May 1 2008	Ok Hotel	Very simple and basic hotel with small swimming pool. The price we paid does not worth the standards. Wouldn’t go back.	
Apr 21 2008 	Great Family Hotel	Hiya, I used to live in Dubai 14 years ago and over the years have stayed in most of the upmarket Dubai beach hotels. For the beach I love Royal Meridien or Mina Seyahi, however these days very expensive but worth it! As we have 4 kids we booked 2 rooms interconnecting at this great Marriot, arrived early of f the night flight and was given 2 lovely interconnecting rooms overlooking the lake and pool. The food and staff in the hotel were superb, also its attached to a complete small shopping mall with good restaurants if our feeding 6 every night, Le Ble and the Oriental were good value. good takeaway and sit in Pizza in Pastamania, theres a Nail bar, Hairdressers, everything you need.Nearby is the Ibn Battuta mall which is superb, and mall of the Emirates with a free shuttle. Beach in the morning, skiing in the afternoon on real snow!!!The hotel has there own transport and were really good about arranging taxis etc....Yes the hotel is a long way from the airport/city centre , but if your on business, and you need to be in town stay Shangri La or Fairmont. But if you want a great hotel near sports city, and the Dubai autodrome for go karting (100 dhms 15 minutes, great fun), and a shuttle to the fantastic beach and facilities at Jebel Ali beach resort, and to be closer to Abu Dhabi and Jebel Ali freezone, you cant beat this hotel, we will be back.Dubai really is la la land......and we love it! By the way traffic is bad in Dubai but this hotel is just off the Emirates road, we went all the way to Ras Al Khaimah to look at property, and made it back in 45 minutes on the Emirates road.	
Mar 12 2008 	Lovely Hotel	I have stayed at this hotel twice on business in the past month, the second time with my partner, and on both occasions it has been a delight!The rates are very reasonable with the rooms being very clean and well laid out. Whilst it is not a big hotel it has all the facilities you will need including dining, swimming pool and gym. The best feature though is the staff, who are extremely friendly, attentive and give the impression that they enjoy working and having you there, all a refreshing change from when I stay at hotels back home in the UK.The hotel is a little isolated and a fair distance from the airport, and the vagaries of Dubai's traffic lights will add to the journey time at certain times of the day, but if you are looking for an &quot;oasis&quot; away from the hustle and bustle of the city I would throughly recommend it!	
Feb 2 2008 	NIce Hotel 	I arrived on Dec 7,2007 spent couple nights at the hotel, then moved to the apartment building which is connected to its hotel. I stayed her for a month,thou.The hotel pool is great. I mostly spent time at the gym before the pool. Unlike other Marriott, this hotel has no a suana or steamroom. They should have some, cos they have plenty of room to add these on.Food is good, and reasonable price. The lobby area always serve a nice sandwitches and coffee. In addition, there is a shop and restaurants , grocery store, Bank, ATM, Laundry shop or internet shop at the shopping strip area. It is very convenient for those who doesn't have cars or no need to drive.However, there is one hotel receiptionist always keep smiling, but i felt it isn't quite genuine. Well! I have to look over it since he didn't do anything wrong.The hotel bar on the 2nd floor - seems so so.. I wouldn't recommend much since the staff aren't professional enough in making drinks. it takes 30 mins to get a drink (Cosmopolitan) served on New Year's Eve. And it sucks big time. I planned to get drinks for myself 300-400 dirums but ended up 30 dirums and I walked back to my room.The Hotel apartment at the back seems nicer than the hotel itself.The room is nicer with a kitchen area where you can cook with fully equiped kitchenware, and nice view indeed. You will feel like home if you pick the apartment, rather than the hotel room.The price seems abit expensive, but if it is not, I probably dont have a place to stay since all people will come to stay here. I think the long rent should give more special rate to client - like me. LOLLocation is not a problem from me to work, but its traffic is a big issue. Particularly, the annoying roundabout that I need to travel to work or even my colleague tried to pick me up, seems very unpleasant.People get tired of this traffic. Some taxi driver even denied to give me a ride because I am staying at this hotel. I ended up walking back to the hotel from the big roundabouts while rainy all that evening. This is unacceptable aweful i ever had in my life. The best receiptionist at the Hotel Apartment i even known, is ROBIN..He is the best. His friendship and service are touched. He does has a genuine smile!.I will recommend people stay here! if you dont want to see many construction around Dubai..Then choose this hotel! you can enjoy your days or weekends in the park.Thank ROBIN! you are superb!	
Jan 1 2008 	Very good hotel poor location	Very nice hotel. Service was excellent. When i arrived on my first night the hotel was overbooked and i had to stay in another Marriott hotel. However, i was taken the next day to the Courtyard and given a voucher for a free dinner.The Courtyard rooms are very nice, the gym is well equipped and the pool area is extremely nice.The location of the hotel is poor. The Green Community seems to be a new area which like most of Dubai is still under construction. There is a horrible large roundabout nearby which is a nightmare to navigate. There is a free shuttle at certain times to the Mall of the Emirates.The restaurants are good and the quality of the food and service was high.	
Sep 8 2007 	great hotel but in the middle of nowhere...	hotel lovely if a bit pricey........but be warned it is quite a distance from the centre and you'll need to take a taxi everywhere (taxis are cheap though)Sunday brunch not good value for money....unlike the Marriott in the centre of Dubai which was excellent.Staff lovely..........	
Aug 9 2007 	Love the place - more superior than your average Courtyard by Marriott.	This was my second visit to this hotel and like some of the other reviews mention it is quite a drive (40 mins) from Dubai airport, but so are some of the beach hotels.It is probably more suited to business visitors than holidaymakers as it is not located on the beach, but the hotel will organize a shuttle to a nearby beach club.The hotel staff is excellent and very friendly. The restaurants are good, the rooms on a par with a lot of other hotels in the area, there is a small but fully stocked gym and the swimming pool area is great, backing onto the lake. Unlike other reviews I have not had a problem obtaining a sun-bed, rather the opposite, being the only one out by the pool, but then my first visit was during Ramadan and my second during the heat of August.The rooms are spacious and very, very clean with a good sized bathroom. The usual fridge, iron and tea making facilities are standard. In fact I have absolutely no complaints.Next to the hotel is a large shopping mall with plenty of fast food restaurants and a big supermarket.What really sets the hotel apart is the staff, who cannot do enough to help.I have stayed at a Courtyard by Marriott in the US before and was not impressed. This hotel is definitely on a different level. Why it has not been branded higher I cannot understand	
Jun 20 2007 	A real gem	Three days before my holiday to Dubai I decided to cancel Bab al Shams and go for a cheaper option....and fate intervened and up come the Marriott on expedia.co.uk. Well, I booked and was a bit hesitant as had never heard it being mentioned in the forum etc...but it looked nice and the price was good - £68 a night.Well I have to say that I had an excellent stay and I will definitely be back.We arrived at 9.30am and were able to check in immediately. The room was just the basic one - no balcony, no bathrobes but spotlessly clean, of a good size, with plenty of pillows for the bed and tea and coffee facilities.We checked out the room service menu and it was as cheap as chips! Well about £12 for two omlettes and a filtered coffee....no bad in my book!The hotel itself is small but perfectly formed! The pool doesn't have a whole lot of loungers or seating and in peak season may be a challenge. When we were there we shared the space with about 5 other guests....The pool overlooks the lake, the centrepiece of the Green Community, complete with leaning tower! Well, this is Dubai....Drinks from the pool were cheap as well..about £1 for a diet pepsi...and about £3 for a mocktail....They come round periodically with iced fruit and cold towels - not overly frequently but once every 2 hours...In terms of entertainment...well, there isn't a lot. This is a destination for relaxation. What is great though is that the hotel is attached to a shopping mall...its not Battuta or Mall of the Emirates but has a great hair salon, nail bar, bookshop, Costa Cofffee, Chillis, a supermarket with lots of US and UK food stuffs....and there is an outside area, lined with about 5 or 6 restaurants each offering international food: Thai, Mexican, Italian, Japanese etc....and its all reasonably priced to cater for the local residents that live and work in the Green Community.We took a taxi to Battuta one day...it was about 60 dirhams so not too bad but not that cheap either and if you want to get out and about this will add up. Also bear in mind that not alot of taxis come out this way so you will probably end up in the hotel's &quot;taxi&quot;...a nice car but with a bill that will be at least 20 dirhams more than a regular taxi.The staff are very polite as you would expect from a Dubai hotel....All in all it was a great stay and I will be back...You cannot go wrong with prices like that in an area which is very pleasant and peaceful.	
Mar 12 2007	Excellent Service	I've stayed in many hotels in Dubai from 3 to 5-star, and this 4-star has the best service of them all. Very friendly staff (everyone says hello as they pass you in the corridor, the head of restaurants goes round every table at least once an evening to check if everything is ok). The rooms are large, we were a couple and one child sharing, and the 2 double beds were enough sleeping space, plus plenty of wardrobe and floor space for cloths/suitcases.Everything is very clean. Don't let the distance from Dubai be a problem, it's in the right location to get around a lot of the traffic problems.I'll go back again.	
Jul 21 2006	Cosy place out by the new developments.	I read good reviews of the place on this website, and thought it would be a good place to meet friends from Abu Dhabi who had work the next day. Getting there was a bit of a hassle as the roads are not well signed. However, once getting to the hotel, you get this calm feeling away from the hustle and bustle of the city.The rooms were clean, the bathroom was wonderful, if not for the silly glass thing they had instead of a curtain to cover the bath from shower splashes.Their service was a tad lagging, but they compensated us by upgrading our rooms to the 3rd floor, instead of the 1st (The hotel is only 3 floors). The swimming pool looked nice and there was a huge man made lake with a colourful fountain at night that gave a magestic touch to the place. I will go there again even though my friends grumbled about the location! It is what you would expect for the cheap rates - dubai standards.	
Mar 25 2006	Good Hotel	We arrived around 9am in the hotel, but we were able to check in to the room right away. The room was nice and clean. Everybody in the hotel was really friendly. The hotel was a long way from the city, but we did not mind it since we were only transiting there and wanted somewhere to stay comfortably. The hotel provided shuttle buses to a huge shopping mall ( I think it is called the mall of Emirates), it was really big with hundreds of shops and restaurants. There is also a new shopping center connected to the hotel and a brand new big supermarket too.The hotel is nice and clean with good breakfast, would definitely recommend the hotel.	
Jan 14 2006	Oasis in the desert	This hotel is a tranquility of rest in the middle of the desert.The rooms are clean spacious and with e remarkeble view over the lake.Food was really a surprise this is a great meal prepared with a lot of love.Service this is how you want it to be its like a home aay from home. We travel a lot it this is definatly going above and beyond.We will be back soon	
Jan 12 2006	Fabulous service nothing too much trouble	Have just returned from staying at the Marriott Courtyard for a week with my husband and 15 year daughter. We booked a suite (Room 130) as there was 3 of us and got a fabulous rate for it. Upon entering the suite there was a bit of a lobby area with the most amazing flower display and a card signed by the staff welcoming us. Flower displays were abundant throughout. THe room was tastefully decorated, the bed (extra King size) was super comfy. Clean towels and everything replenished everyday if you wished. Well stocked minibar. Room service was excellent, but most importantly the helpfulness of the staff was second to none. Always a smile and a hello on passing. The food was good, prices very amenable. The Bar staff in particular deserve a mention. My only gripe would be that you had to get to the pool early to grab a sunbed, but it was the christmas season so they were extra busy. However, even on days that a bed wasnt available, the staff made sure you were comfortable with cushions etc and as soon as one because available they would bring it to you. I definately would recommend this hotel and would stay again.	
Jan 4 2006	Brilliant Hotel- Best in Dubai	For a mixture of cost, atmosphere and service this is the best hotel in Dubai. We were there over New Year on our honeymoon and had a great 7 days. Whilst most other hotels were charging £ 350.00 per night, the Courtyard was £ 80.00! We found it hard to tell the difference. We visited all the big hotels ie Jumeira Beach (like a cattle market), Fairmont (very business like), Mina a Salem (too big), Royal Mirage (like a museum) Bustan Al Rotana and Meridien, but none were as pleasant, comfortable or welcoming as the Marriott.Staff addressed you by name, we had champagne and strawberries sent to the room foc, we were upgraded to an executive suite, whilst the pool area was really chilled out with the staff offering guests cold towels and fresh pinapple/grapefruit/melon throughout the day.The Italian themed restaurant La Cucina was excellent even when compared to &quot;Verre&quot;, Gordon Ramsey's place in the Hilton (which was out of this world by the way, and must be visited).Although the hotel is far out, taxis cost us about £ 20 per night for a rtn journey, minimised by the free bus the hotel laid on to the Emirates Mall, 5 times a day. If you would rather a holiday in Dubai for £ 1800.00 as oppoosed to £ 4,500.00, with all that saved cash to spend in the Souks, Malls and days out, this hotel is a corker.	
Jul 20 2005	Cosy hotel in the middle of nowhere	Firstly, if you are coming from Dubai city, make sure your taxi driver knows the way. Ours didn't and it took ages to get there. The Green Community is a residential development well out of the centre of Dubai, and still very much work in progress. However, this hotel is already open and its a lovely place to get away from it all. It's good value and quiet. The pool is beautiful, almost merging with the lake beside it. The food at the hotel's Palm Grill was also of a high standard. It's likely to get busier once the development is fully open for business.	
Apr 22 2005	Fantastic hotel away from it all	We had originally booked to stay in the city but it was too noisy so we decided to go to the other extreme and get away from it all. We found the Courtyard in The Green Community by chance on the Marriott website as it had just opened 3 weeks before.The hotel is in the Green Community residential estate about 30 mins drive from the airport and downtown. The rooms are lovely and well decorated and the staff are excellent. The hotel has a lovely pool overlooking a lake and they were just completing building the Marriott Apartments and mini shopping arcade with restaurants next door. As the hotel is in a residential community it is very quiet and relaxing and the best part is that you can go for a walk around the lake and the huge park that meanders through the estate.Be warned though that you will need a car to travel around Dubai or pay for taxis everywhere (about $20/£10) to the city. The location of the hotel is about 3 miles from Jebel Ali port but you can't see the port at all from the hotel. About 5 miles on the main highway (takes about 5mins in the car) is the new Ibn Battuta Mall (or Gardens Mall) which will be the biggest in Dubai until the DubaiMall is built a further 10 mins away along the highway.Overall, a great place to stay and get away from it all!	
Apr 26 2009 	A recommander		
