Nov 23 2009 	Good location with helpful staff	Stayed in this hotel for 11 nights while a business trip.The Manager was extremely helpful on arrival at the hotel due to mix up with the sister hotel at Mall of Emirates.Hotel Staff were friendly and helpful with adequate dining facilities on site.Room were basic but clean and well maintained.	
Oct 28 2009 	Beware the smoking 'non-smoking' floors!!!	We stayed in the Ibis Al Barsha for 6 nights in September 2009. It was the first time we stayed in an Ibis hotel and were a little shocked at just how small the rooms were....but once we got over that we thought the room was nice, clean, the bed comfy and more reasonably priced than most other hotels in Dubai! We had specifically stayed here because of the Ibis' non-smoking policy. No smoking in the breakfast area, lobby or anywhere on a non-smoking floor. Unfortunately some construction workers were staying in the hotel and were deliberately flouting the non-smoking policy and were smoking in their rooms on the non-smoking floor.....we had to walk through a haze of smoke which was really quite revolting everytime we tried to get to our room.....we asked the hotel staff to kindly move the people to a smoking floor every night....and every night they refused....they didn't want to confront them....was pretty dissappointing. The staff at reception were overall pretty useless. However...if they could sort this issue out then I'd say its a great hotel to stay in...our breakfast was included and had a good range.	
Oct 18 2009 	Suited my needs	I've just returned from a short trip to Dubai, visiting my sister and her family, who live close to this Hotel in Al Barsha. The hotel is very new, only opened in April so everything was new and clean. It is very much a business hotel and there are no leisure facilities or pool.The rooms are fairly small, but was fine for a solo traveller and the shower room was ok, although the floor tended to puddle as there wasn't a shower door.There were toiletries contrary to what I'd read on here.Although the hotel is on the busy Sheik Zayed road, my room (187) was very quiet.I thought the breakfast was decent enough although no waiter service. There was a fairly good selection of contintental type things aswell as a few hot items. I didn't eat in any of the restaurants but used the coffee bar which was nice. You are very close to the Mall of the emirates. My only problem was finding a taxi driver who knew where the hotel was. Overall the hotel suited my needs and was very good value for money.	
Sep 24 2009 	OK hotel	I have just returned from a short trip to Dubai. I was attracted to this property from its low price compared to the other rates for similar hotels in Dubai. Location wise is fine taking into consideration the horrendous traffic of the city - the hotel is located opposite way traffic, next to the Emirates mall, the Marina and Jebel Ali. You might find it a bit difficult to get a taxi from the hotel as there is only construction around. Wont take more than 5-10 mins wait though.Check in was fast - but in very basic English as the Asian staff have really poor English skills. No service in general - you have to carry your own luggage to your room, there is no fridge or safe kit in the room, if you order a snack/drink from the restaurant will have to go and pick it up yourself etc. Room was small but contemporary, tiny bathroom, very limited space between the toilet and the shower cabin, no toiletteries in the bathroom. Cleanliness was overall fine, I just noticed once the linen having a small stain, bed lined and towels were changed daily. Breakfast was poor in terms of quantity - they would provide variety such as English breakfast with continental options too, however they would only place for instance 3 croissants on the plate and once they would be over they would bring new ones. So you actually need to ask from the staff to keep on replacing the food served. I would probably recommend this hotel to those who just need a cheap, comfy property for a sleep without looking for service and all this jazz.	
Jun 23 2009 	If only Ibis hotels in Europe were like this!	Stayed for two nights and was very grateful to be given a room at 6.30am after a night flight. View from the room nothing great but good location on Sheikh Zayed Road - v.covenient for Jumeirah and Mall of Emirates etc. Room was comfortable and clean, as you'd expect from a new hotel. Bathroom small and some fittings a bit basic but otherwise vast improvement on all other Ibis I have stayed in. There was even an element of design, unlike the &quot;posh youth hostel&quot; feel of many of their European outlets! With two restaurants and a coffee shop/bakery, dining options were also more than adequate. My only gripe was lack of hot water. Overall though, good value at DHS320. Would like to see Ibis (and others) try this hard on their own patch. Expectations - and service levels - are clearly higher in this part of the world.	
May 11 2009 	Great hotel for a budget conscious traveler.	This hotel is mainly for business travelers, but I stayed there with my family (family of 4 , 2 small kids), and I do not have any complaints at all. Yes, the rooms are small, but I have seen some 5 star hotels with rooms smaller than these ones! Actually, they are very decent size rooms, even with 2 small kids I did not find there was a problem with space.The service is EXCELLENT, very friendly and accommodating staff. If you request something, you get it within 5 minutes. The hotel is very very clean, maybe due to the fact that it is still new, but the staff is always walking around with dust cloths, wiping mirrors, dust bins, elevator buttons, etc.If you have a car, you can park right in front of the hotel, no problem there at all.The buffet breakfast was excellent, more than enough to choose from.Bottom line - great choice for a budget conscious traveler!	
Apr 7 2009 	Small remote decent small	The rooms are really small, bathroom too and for 300+ durhams! Free internet for 2hours only! Free airport pickup in mpv, takes about 30 mins each way. Decent continental breakfast provided eg. pastries, toast, eggs/bacons, cold cuts, dairy stuff, etc.. Hotel looks clean due to it being newly launched in April 2009. Exterior area of hotel is a mess, but that's dubai, everything is under construction. About 20 to 30 mins walk to excellent Emirates mall, cab drivers usually grumble due to insufficient short distance fare (one way is about 6 to 8 durhams). This hotel should provide regular shuttle service to malls or popular spots. Maybe it's still new or remote (located in service road off Sheik Zyed freeway), cabs need to be called in advance, sometimes a no-show.Bathrooms need a proper shower screen/door.... each shower floods the floor area.	
