	Excellent Hotel - Nice Soft Launch Bargain	We stayed at this Media One Hotel for only one night before heading to Atlantis the Palm for the next night. We arrived at the hotel at 6am in the morning and were greeted by very friendly staff at the reception. They arranged a room for us w/o additional charge. The room was relatively small, but very cozy and clean! It has an open bathroom with a beautiful bath tube. Only 10 minutes by cab to the Mall of Emirates (supposed to be the nearest Metro station)! One thing I have to highlight was that, the hotel sent us a surprise birthday cake at 9am on my birthday! It was really a surprise. I didn’t get similar thing (which was expected) during my stay at the Atlantis the Palm on my birthday night, haha! Breakfast at the restaurant needs improvement – apparently they are too new! But on a whole, very nice hotel and very nice services, Highly Recommended!	
Nov 21 2009 	Serious bargain during soft launch	I stayed at the brand new Media One for 3 nights in November. The staff were very friendly and eager to please although still getting to grips with this brand new hotel. At the time of my visit only the Med Restaurant (8th floor) and lobby coffee shop were open so food choices were a little restricted but certainly not a problem for 3 nights. I believe the bar was opening on the day I departed (great timing!). The lobby is very open, light and airy with a few shops and lots of staff on hand to meet and greet. My room on the 19th floor was adequately sized for one person: by no means cramped but if you want more space, then be prepared to pay more. All brand new of course, so spotlessly clean, crisp linen and fluffy towels. Exactly what's needed when you're away from home.Flat screen TV with more than 60 channels and free wired internet (still working on the wi-fi, but it's coming).All in all, a first rate place to stay if your business is in Media City or Internet City. One tip if you're visiting in the next few weeks? Get a careful note, or print a map of the location - most airport taxi drivers don't know where it is yet!Let's just hope the prices don't become too outrageous after the soft launch is over.	
