May 4 2009 	Good for all	It is centrally located, good spaciousrooms with all amenities.	
Aug 15 2008 	Loved This Place!	This is a great hotel to live. We had a 1 bed 2 bath huge room with a gr8 functional and nice kitchnen. The Deira mall and a movie theatre is just opposite the hotel so it was good for me to just cross and do my shopping and cook etc. with my 6 month old baby.The food is excellent though the menu is very limited. The quantity is good too. The hotel provided a good baby cot and play pen for her so she was happy and so were we. Overall, if you are a business traveller or are @ the hotel with family and babies, its gr8 to stay.We forgot our cellphones @ the hotel (Our baby slipped it below the couch) and the hotel was kind enough to send it back to our home country!!	
Mar 11 2008 	5 star room s 2 star service	Hotel rooms are Five star but service is far from it!! This is a dry hotel so no bar. You have to walk to Sofitel down the road if you want a beer. Breakfast buffet was ok but the chief cooks your omelette in the Restaurant with no extractor fan so your clothes end up stinking of food every morning, gave up in the end and started taking my breakfast to the room so I wouldn’t smell of food all dayLocation is a nightmare to get to and from cant get a taxi first day took 1hr 40 mins(not even a limo) next day planned ahead this time only an hour and that was booking one with the front desk of the hotel. dont even think of going to the shopping mall to get a taxi 3 hours wait in the afternoons. When returning by taxi, drivers off load you when they find out where your going happened 3 times. Madness the traffic will kill this place if the country doesn’t sort it out some how.Pool in shade in the winter time so no use, gym opens at 9 and closes at 6 so no use if you have been out all day. Traffic is noisy and next to a mosque so call to prayer at 530am if you need an early morning callConstruction site next door to hotel at the moment which is pretty much 24 hours so you get a nice beep beep beep of the crane lift all night.I tried to change hotel but everything was full and company was paying for a 5 star hotel. This hotel does not deserve the title of 5 star even if the rooms do have that 5 star look to them. if you just want room and nothing else for one night it might be ok .One last thing i asked the door man to tell the taxi driver to take me to the VIP lounge at the airport i checked with him at least 4 times to make sure so there would be no mistake, he said YES YES i know i have told him, well guess what? driver went to main terminal and had no clue about the VIP lounge or where it was.In the past i have had great time in Dubai and have thought of working there full time, but this trip has put me off for life, the traffic is a mess and will kill the tourist industry they are trying to develop never again.	
Mar 6 2008	Poor Facilities Poor Service Very disappointed	I stayed this year in February at City Seasons in Dubai and was very disppointed. I knew it was in the business area of Dubai and far away from the beach, but hoped for a nice swimmingpool to chill out. They have a swimming pool but no sunshine, because it is build at the wrong side and there is no way that you will have any sun, except from 8 till 12 o'clock in the morning! great! Also the gym facility was very poor! Half or actually all of the machine did not work, except one of them and there was no one who actually looked after and explained anyting. The service at the reception and in overall was very disappointing and not helpful at all. The rooms are clean and tidy but the customer service and facilities are very poor. My opinion: Not worth the money!	
Jan 18 2007	Very nice	I stayed at the City Seasons,Dubai in December 2005 and it was a very pleasant stay.I had a one-bedroom apartment that was very neat &amp; clean and extremely well designed as well.The hotel is about a 10 minute drive from the airport and is bang opposite the Deira City Centre Mall.The lobby is atrium style and though a little poorly lit, is quite impressive anyway.Breakfast at the cheerful lobby-level restaurant was very good in terms of quality and variety.I would certainly stay there again and would recommend it to business &amp; leisure travellers.	
Aug 18 2006	Very good Business Hotel in Dubai	I was very satisfied with my 2 room apartment.The interior is very well designed. It was a pleasure to stay there.Value for money! If you are a frequent traveller, ask for special corporate rates for regular usage.Room service was working also all right.Recommendable!	
