	Looking for a centrally located hotel - this is the one	Centrally located in Deira Dubai. 5 minutes walk to Metro train station. Comfortable rooms with all amenities including minibar. Good service. Great buffet breakfast. Lot of options to suit Indian taste buds. Speciality Indian restaurant also serves great stuff - must try Mutton Seekh Kababs. Rooftop swimming pool with health club.	
Nov 25 2009 	A nice stay	Nice room and friendly staff. Book early if you want airport pick up.	
Jul 21 2009 	Totally alright and I would stay there again	I've stayed in this hotel 4-5 times in the past 2,5 years, have stayed there for 1, 2 and 4 weeks and I have to say that I'm quite happy with it and would try booking it for my next trip to Dubai as well.I'm really not sure where all those negative revies are coming from I've had ONLY 2 unpleasant occasions:1. First time they were supposed to pick me up from the airport but it tokk me forever to go thought passport control so there was noone at the airport arrivals waiting for me. I called the hotel and they told me to take any taxi and they'll pay the bill, which they really did.2. Some other time I arranged (free) transfer back to the aiport with them but it was some odd time in the middle of the night for a red-eye flight so when I checked out there was no transportation waiting. However, the receptionist solved it and 15min later I had my transfer.Well, 2 other slight negative is that they have one very serious-faced waitress (hostess?) in the breakfast restaurant. I think she could act a bit more friendly. Then they also have one rather annoying doorman who grabs your bag from your hands every single time you show up at the entrance, even if they are so small that there is obviously no need for help. A tip beggar, really, kind of annoying.I NEVER had any problems witch check-in or booking or them ignoring my e-mails, quite the opposite: I need visa to enter Dubai (arranged by the hotel) and sometimes my requests are very confusing and changing: my travel dates change, or are pending, or my required visa type changes, or I need to split/combine the bookings.. So, every single time the reply very fast, with all the info I'm asking, with great willigness to jump through all the hoops with all my messy requests, making sure someone else picks up my case immediately if the initial person goes on holiday etc, their &quot;visa manager&quot; always deals with me personally, in e-mails and in person, there's always a cold welcome drink upon arrival etc.Moreover, they are flexible with my check-out times (check out at 9pm with no extra charge), always fresh flowers in my room (with some hotel chocolates and flower petals on my bed), always complimentary bottle of water (not just the first one). Another time they picked up my additional visa charge (charged by coressponding government authorities) despite the screw-up that caused the charge was from my side AND still gave me late check out option at no extra charge...Anyways, my rooms are always decent size, clean, comfortable and well equipped, the staff is very nice and helpful (except for that one serious waitress and that one beggar doorman)... Someone complained about no iron in the room, no alcohol in the hotel and about construction/ugly view. Well, it is Dubai, you know. Meaning, construction everywhere and absence of alcohol - is NORMAL for that city. Sure, there are are hotels with lovely views and/or no construction nearby but those would be in a different price category. Given reality of Dubai as whole Coral Deira has TOTALLY NORMAL price/value ratio.As for the iron, once again - it's Dubai. &quot;Outsourcing&quot; that sort of work is so affordable and widely spread here that noone would imagine that a 4*-5* hotel guest would even consider doing it himself.Location - close to the airport, a couple of decent malls and a handful of nice restaurants. I agree that it's not in the best spot for visiting the main attractions of contemporary Dubai, all the westernized, brand new skyscrapers and all that jazz. But if you want to get a feel of more &quot;real&quot; Dubai, more authentic - and delicious and cheap! -restaurants - then the location is excellent.I'm happy with the hotel and the price, would recommend it and would stay there again.	
Nov 24 2008 	It's OK	The hotel is located in Al Muraqabat Street, a pleasant tree lined street with selection of shops, cafes, and a big local supermarket. Two average malls within walking distance and, if you can cope with the traffic - the creek! Hotel provide a free bus to beach, Deira shopping centre and paid trip to airport. Not well located for the main visitor sites in Dubai.The hotel is nice from outside - sort of Art deco, the grim photos from previous visitor are because there is a new building on the right, the rest of the hotel is fine, although the area around is a bit of a building site.Nice lobby, meals on first floor. Room was OK, good sized bathroom, with safe, free tea &amp; coffee, free water (only on first day!), mini bar, well stocked with the usual overpriced goodies, internet access expensive ( why hotels charge when its free at the airport is beyond me)Roof top pool is not 'minging', its small, with fresh towels, iced water, and is very pleasant. Food was buffet and perfectly OK with wide choice of hot &amp; cold meals.However they seem, as mentioned by others, to be unable to cope with e mails! Arriving at 4 am I just wanted to confirm taxi, no reply. The flight arrived 40 minutes early - no taxi, so they hadn't bothered to check flight arrivals.Worth it? Well with hundreds of other hotels on Trip Advisor, only if you get a good deal on the price.	
Nov 4 2008 	Keep away	We booked the hotel for 2 days for a customer upon a 5 star hotel request close to the free zone. We looked up the website and saw the fascinating photos. We confirmed the reservation but our customer called us back after the check out with complaints that nobody would like to hear. - It was not a 5 star hotel- There was a construction...- Service was terrible- Their profile was damaged becasue they had gone there for a-billion-dollar business.- And the worst thing: They were charged one day extra (we dont know why)- We have lost a very high-profile customer !!!!THANK YOU CORAL DEIRA (!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)HOPE NOT TO SEE YOU AGAIN	
Aug 2 2008 	Excellent hotel but overcharged on check-in	We booked this hotel directly through the hotels website and got a good deal but when we turned up they quoted us a different price saying the exchange rate was different. Later after I worked out the price I realised I had been overcharged considerably. Top tip, just keep several reciepts when booking, one for you and one for the hotel and insist on paying the quoted price. Apart from that, the hotel was excellent, staff were helpful and can arrange most day trips/excursions. The rooms are excellent and clean. They have a rooftop pool which we didn't use but looked nice. Only other downpoint is the location, being a taxi ride from most places. It is also EXTREMELY difficult to get a taxi outside the hotel, the few that pass by don't want to stop and walking to the nearby shopping mall doesn't help either and people will jump in your taxi that you've been waiting for. On several occasions we waited for over an hour for a taxi. The hotel did offer a taxi but wanted double what is should of been. My tip would be to walk down towards the creek where taxis seem more willing to stop for you. Don't let this put you off, this is an excellent hotel, just stick to the price quoted and don't get too wound up about the taxis. One more plus point, Spice Island at the rennaisance hotel is within walking distance if you know where your going.	
Jul 30 2008 	loved it	after booking the hotel i became worried due to the amount of negative reviews on the hotel. however, it was nothing like that. when we arrived there we were greeted with juice (which was very refreshing in 40+ heat) and welcomed. we arrived at 9.00 but check in was suppose to be at after 12, but the lady at the reception still allowed us to go to our room for 10 (which was very nice of her). the room was spacious and equipped with all the necessary amenities. the room faced the back of the hotel, so it was very calm. the location of the hotel in general is good. the service is excellent, for example every time we came back from the shops the door men would greet us and open the doors and even take our shopping bags to our rooms for us. the only down side, if any, is that the breakfast could have been more varied. there was, nonetheless, a good selection of fruit, breads, cereals, and cooked food such as pancakes, beans, bacon, hash browns and egg. we did not book from the hotel as their prices were very high. i would like to assure anyone who is thinking about booking the hotel, to do it quick!! we had a great time, and would recommend it again and AGAIN!!	
Jun 21 2008	2 star at very best	this hotel is shocking!! dont stay there. it is never a 5 star! rooms are dirty, ugly and in middle of nowhere! breakfast was awful and pool is just minging. worst hotel in dubai by far!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
May 21 2008	Overpriced !!!!	Stayed at this Hotel for 1 night with my father - what a dive !!! See attached pics of our &quot;view&quot; from our minature rooms - the smallest room I have ever stayed in ... more like a 2 star pension than a 4 star hotel... also could not even get a beer as it is an alcohol free hotel.	
Apr 6 2008 	Enjoyed my stay	Arrived by taxi from the airport to find our booking had been cancelled as the payment had not been received from the booking agent. This amazed me as i had spoken to reseverations at the hotel the day before we left the uk who had indiciated there were no problems. We then spent the next hour - this was at 3am in the morning - phoning the booking agent called Jacob to determine why the payment for our room had not been made. We ended up spending £20 on calls before it was resolved and were waiting in reception for 3 hours. Finally we were shown to our room. The room slept 3 and was adequate. The 3rd bed was not as comfortable as the others. When the room was serviced they seemed to forget there were 3 of us and would leave towels for only 2 people.The bathroom had no window nor was there any form of ventilation and it got very misty and unpleasent when we showered and used the toilet.Roof top pool and sauna are enjoyableThe conceirage was helpfull but we made the mistake of booking the desert safari at the hotel which was more expensive. Taxis are very hard to get late in the evening back to hotel.Now the good news. Breakfast was plentiful and varied to suit all tastes but if you leave it till the last minute to have breakfast it was very busy and the waiters were unable to attend to everyone. Deira Shopping Mall is 15 min from hotel. It is huge so allow at least half a day to go round the place and it's not expensive but Emirates Mall is just full of designer shops and unless you have unlimited funds then give it a miss. Plenty of places to eat outside the hotel which are reasonably priced.Gold souk is overwelming and you need lots of time if you want to haggle and get a reasonable bargain. The gold shops in Mina Bazaar were best and i made a few purchases here.We went on the curtousey bus to the sister hotel at the beach which was a very pleasent day.Desert Safari is a must. When you get there you can pay to go on the sand buggies but haggle the price as we witnessed an American being charged twice what we had been. It's a case of what can they get away with.Jameria Park Beach is a pleasant day out for families. If you are leaving your luggage at the hotel till your flight later in the day the make sure they do store it in the locked store room as ours was left in the lobby all day and could have gone missing.Overall , a pleasant stay but would stay in a more central location for easy access to all the attractions. Dubai is a excellent holiday location.	
Apr 6 2008	Appreciated	This is a decently priced 5 star hotel with a good breakfast and good location. Staying for 2 nights costed me close to 300 dollars. Talking about the rooms, my room was over the construction site and i could hear the noise of tools, machines and someone pelting small stones against glass window which made early morning sleep a bit of problem. Bathrooms are not upto 5 star mark with tile pieces joint by adhesives, tubs have stains. This problem was not severe that could affect my decision. I have observed these non conformities with other 5 star hotels as well. Overall i would stay here again hopefully if construction is over.	
Mar 29 2008 	Very good hotel!	I've read some reviews which slightly put me off booking this hotel, but I found the staff to be very helpful and polite. There was a slight problem with our room when we first arrived - we were given a twin, this was changed to a double straight away without any problems.The location of the hotel is good, close enough to shops, but there wasn't a noise problem.We were able to book several trips, such as the Desert Safari and Dhow Cruise, through the hotel - both trips were very enjoyable!The hotel pool and jacuzzi area at the top of the hotel is a plesent way to end the evening, with views overlooking the city.I would happily stay at the hotel again, and recommend it to friends and family!	
Feb 17 2008 	Terrible Staff	My experience at the Coral Deira Dubai was very bad!This supposed 5* hotel, has probably the worst staff you can ever find. At my arrival, I specifically asked for a non smoking room.... guess what, I spent all my stay in a smoking room regardless of the complaints I made to management.The staff was horrible as in one of the days during my stay, they did not even made my bed! All this, not to mention the adventure it is to book a taxi! I opted to book taxis on my own through the Dubai Taxis number as the hotel staff would not ask for taxis!! Unbelievable!	
Feb 4 2008	Loved the service	I recently stayed at this hotel. The service at the reception is excellent. Breakfast is adequate. Very clean and neat rooms. The staff is friendly and efficient. Taxis are easy to get and close proximity to shopping areas. Would certainly recommend this place.	
Jan 16 2008	without an answer after 3 E-mails from HOTEL CORAL DEIRA DUBAI !!!!	I wrote a mail for reservation and booking (with their bookingsform on their own HOTEL INTERNETWEBSITE on the 8TH of January 2008 TO THE HOTEL (Coral Deira in DUBAI) FOR 1 ROOM (5 NIGHTS from the 26th of JANUARY till the 31th of JANUARY ); According to there website , there where still rooms available . After making my choice I booked the room, together with my VISA cardnumber etc....On that first mail : NO REPLY from the hotel;I wrote a SECOND mail : no REPLY from the hoteli wrote a THIRD mail : AGAIN : NO ANSWER FROM THE HOTELAfter more than 1 week of no reply from the hotel (on the 17TH of JANUARY 2008), I PHONED TO THE HOTEL.....from BELGIUM.The reservation desk said : We are already more than ONE MONTH fully booked ..... we even dont bother to look at OUR WEBSITE to see IF people are trying to make a reservation ..... since for that period it is already OVERBOOKED !!!!Anyway, sorry for not answering your e-mail.I said to that person : Is this ARABIC policy and hospitallity ..... ?His answer : NO TIME ..... I must say..I have never had such A BAD experience when booking HOTELS, and I do book a lot of HOTELS for our COMPANY. THIS IS A 5 STAR HOTEL !!!! INCREDIBLE, SHAMEFUL.....maybe with a 2 star hotel it can happen (although ..... )	
Nov 30 2007 	A pleasant stay	The hotel is place in a nice and convenient position, very close to everything in dubai. Finding a hotel is very easy, hotel staff is very friendly.Rooms are clean and convenient, breakfast ok. It is not exactly a 5 star hotel, but a very good 4 star one. Excellent value for the price. I'd definitely stay there again.	
Nov 2 2007	Lovely Little Boutique Hotel	My husband and I just got back from our 6 night stay in Dubai. This was our first trip and really didn't know where to stay. The Coral Deira is a relatively small hotel. It advertises itself as a 5-Star but is really only a 4-Star at the most. The room was very nice and clean. The conceirge Aziz was fantastic. I always had him making arrangements or suggesting restaurants. Having a small hotel was good because the staff got to know you. The breakfast was very good. They had beef or veal bacon and sausages which I really didn't care for. We would always go up to the pool in the late afternoon and there was usually one one or two people there. The hotel is very close to the City Centre Mall which is a stop for the Hop-On Hop-Off bus. Do book one of the desert dune bashing safaris. That was probably the highlight of our trip. One day we went to the beach at the Coral Deira's sister hotel in Sharjah. I was a little disappointed with their beach though the hotel does bus you over and back. I would probably go to the public beach in Dubai. I would definately go back to Dubai though it is a long flight from the US.	
Oct 14 2007	friendly	my stay here was very pleasant. I was on my own, very nervous, and a first time visitor to Dubai, the staff were very friendly, and put me at ease straight away. They were very helpful, nothing was too much trouble, they helped me arrange tours, cabs and gave me instructions as to how to get to the places I wanted to see. The pool was very nice and most of the time i had it to myself.Breakfast was really nice, it was a nice way to start the day.	
Sep 12 2007 	Core Hell Dearer	My wife and I arrived at the hotel after a flight from Nairobi - making it there after midnight. Upon presenting our online prepaid accommodation voucher, we were told there was no record of us. The guy on reception made some enquiries, couldn't sort it out and so said we would need to pre-authorise to pay the 1000 Dirham a standard room cost. Fair enough - even though this was the last thing you need at that time of night - he assured us all would be sorted out in the morning.Next day, I went down to the lobby and explained to one of the staff what had happened - they informed me that the local agent had not received the booking. I then showed the hotel the confirmation emails AND my credit card online receipt to show how I had already paid for the room. Enter Mr helpful - possibly named Imad, although he didn't introduce himself. He checked the emails and credit card statements over and over and then finally phoned the company - I was asked to speak to them. They told me the mistake was the hotel's and that they would sort it out. To cut a long story short, let's just say that at 4:30 I had had enough. Almost 4 hours later I was left with no other option but to forcefully and loudly articulate my dissatisfaction at the front desk. Enter someone with customer service training. A Sri Lankan man with impeccable manners and understanding. He immediately offered us complimentary food and drinks in the restaurant (which incidentally suffered from the same lack of training - staff bringing out fried eggs instead of Caesar salad and bringing out ice-cream desert at the same time as the main course!). He also sorted out our transport to the airport and this was much appreciated - 45 minutes later he had the whole matter sorted. As for the tall black gentleman (Imad) - he was more concerned with letting us know that it was the travel agency who had made the mistake - not the hotel. He didn't seem to realise that when you have one day in Dubai, you don't want to spend it in endless arguments at the front desk. Even though the problem may not have been the hotel's fault, the way it was handled was atrocious and it ruined the last day of our holiday. The hotel (material) is fine, it's the total lack of customer care shown by some staff that lets it down a bagful. If you want to stay somewhere that you can be sure of quality service, this is not the place. Did someone say 5 star? That has to be a joke.	
Aug 28 2007 	Top Notch Hotel!	The Coral Deira is a great hotel in a safe and easy to use area in Deira. Its quite close to the airport and the taxi transfer was about 25 UAE Dirhams. Nice grreting on arrival, an ice cold fruit drink (needed) and friendly helpful staff, dont forget to offer a small tip to get the very best service!Good size rooms, very, very clean hotel in all aspects. The pool is just the right size although I found the adjacent jacuzzi too hot but in August the temperatures are close to the 50s!Sun for most of the day on the roof and with the pool being open until midnight and the evenings being so humid its a good place to be and chill out.I didnt eat here apart from breakfast which was more than adequate with a lot of choice for all visitors. Instead I chose to explore the safe friendly streets and eat Lebanese of which there is plenty of choice!I will certainly stay here on my next visit.	
Jul 30 2007	Really Good	We stayed for a week in one of the Club Rooms. The room was very large, very clean and seemed very new. The bed was huge, never been in one that big. Service was superb with a genuine smile. Breakfast was good. Swimming pool available on the roof, never too busy, nothing fancy. Quite close to airport but windows keep out most of the noise. Nice street. Good location for the Old Souk and river, a little far to the main beach but taxis are cheap. They have a sister hotel with a fantastic private beach that is worth going to with their free shuttle bus every morning which takes you back in the afternoon.Good value, would recommend.	
Jul 18 2007	Not 5 Star but decent hotel	We booked this hotel through Emirates as a stopover on our way to Africa. We stayed there for 3 nights. The hotel is definitely not a 5 star as rated on the Emirates site, at the most I would give it 4 stars. The staff is friendly, but not too helpful, we were unable to convert our money even though they have a sign that says they will convert for you. The doorman is terrible at getting cabs, one evening we had to wait 30-40 minutes just to get one.The rooms are okay, clean simple decore, the bathroom had limited hot water and after complaining it still did not work, we weren't offered another room either.The indian restaurant &quot;Rasoi&quot; is really fabulous and being Indian we are harsh judges of our own cuisine. All the chicken dishes we tried were really very good, not same for the lamb dishes though. We didn't try the buffet, so can't comment on it. The breakfast buffet is very good, lots of choices of hot and cold foods, as well as drinks, and breads and fruits. We usually ended up skipping lunch after having a late breakfast.The location of the hotel is close to the gold market only 5 miles or so but getting there is another story, with the traffic it usually takes anywhere from 30 minutes upto 11/2 hours. They really need to do something to expand the roadways in Dubai.I don't think we will stay there again, too many other nice hotels to try.	
Jun 11 2007	An Expensive 3 star at best	Folks, even in the most basic hotels in US you get water straight out of the tap and dont have to pay for it. Well not in this so called 5* Hotel. Plus there is no ironing board available.I stayed for a week and could not find a person on the staff who could tell me how to call a local cell phone.If you have guests visiting you, be ware, ask them to bring their passport or other photo ID. Guests are not allowed in your room. Specially if they are of opposite gender.There are two restaurants. An Indian and an all in one. Food was average at best.Transportation to and from hotel a bit risky. Please confirm and reconfirm the day before arrival and departure.Although I had booked the room with early arrival and paid for it the room was not ready and got charged anyway for full day for getting the room just 2 hours early.Ok now the pluses. There are two Shopping centers nearby within walking distance but be prepared for a price shock. No bargains there.There is a small Grocery Store right next to the Hotel ( Right had side if facing the hotel ) from which you can buy water. YES Hotel will not provide water even at a resonable price. I dont understand the comment that others have about convinient location. Convinient for what exactly. Going to 2 malls?Things are close to everything. Dubai is no Texas. its about the size of Rhode island at best. Things cant be very far in such a tiny place. But be prepared for long delays caused by trafic. To travel about 7 KM, or lets say 5 miles to where the business district is took about an hour in the middle of the day . So if you are going on a business trip find a location near your meeting place.Another thing about this 5* hotel. No free internet access.Oh yes the Business center has 2 machines. IF you take your lap top have a Flash memory stick and may be you will get lucky in them being able to print anything for you.As for the staff, over all good but ver few folk swith good command on English. Had to explain things several times. to get it right. If I had to compare to US based hotels / motel. I would say it was more like a Days inn or similar hotel.Generally clean, but carpets on my floor were very dirty and room next to me was being repared so had constant noise.If you use half of the Shampoo...guess what...you will be using the other half the next day. I will try a different hotel located nearby, Holiday inn, with equally clean room and better rates. or others located in Business District on Sheikh Zayed Road.	
Apr 8 2007 	Relaxing and pleasant stay	Booked this hotel through the Emirates Dubai stopover service.Picked up from the airport no worries and check in was a breeze.The room was very nice. The bed was spacious and the bathroom very large. Breakfast each morning was scrumptious and aided by the attentive but unobtrusive staff. Room service was also prompt and delicious.The hotel is a bit away from the action area in Jumeirah but taxis are abundant and relatively inexpensive.Overall a comfortable, relaxing hotel to base yourself from in Dubai at a very attractive price.	
Mar 10 2007 	Excellent Service good value	We stayed for a week in February and agree with previous reviewers that the service here is outstanding. Staff are attentive but not intrusive. We used the rooftop pool a lot and used the excellent room service to eat up there. We were surprised how cheap the room service bill was at the end of the week.The lack of alcohol was no problem. The Holiday Express is across the road ( too smoky and downmarket) or go round the block to the Radisson etc. We took in some duty frees from the airport and had our own minibar.The food was good (beef &quot;bacon&quot; for understandable reasons) and meals out along the street next to the hotel were big good and cheap. We liked staying in town rather than on the beach, walking to the shops in the port area was more fun than the Malls.Coral Deira is a little jewel. I don't know why I'm telling you about it. I should keep it to myself!	
Mar 6 2007 	Such a friendly hotel	We have just returned from a 1 week stay in Dubai, with family for the first 4 days and at the Coral Deira for 3 days. I was a little worried when we first arrived at the hotel, as we had driven from the very clean &amp; modern Jumeirah Beach via the tunnel under the creek and the slightly 'scruffy' port area. However, once inside the hotel we were very impressed with the friendliness of all the staff, even being given a drink on our arrival !We were a little shocked to discover that the hotel was non -alcoholic, but once we had accustomed ourselves to the idea, it did not worry us. Everywhere was clean and bright and the room was excellent. The pool on the roof was also very good and not at all crowded. It was very convenient to the creek and managed to retain all the atmosphere of city. We booked 2 excursions, one to the desert and the moonlight dinner cruise, both excellent value although the puctuality of pickup was a bit dodgy!When we go back to Dubai, we will definitely book here again.	
Feb 21 2007 	Excellent Hotel	We have just returned from staying at this hotel and our experience here was excellent. The hotel staff are exceptionally friendly and ready to help. The hotel is very clean and the rooms were quite a good size. We requested a late check-out and this was arranged without any hesitation. There is an Indian Restaurant at the hotel which serves delicious food. Breakfast at the hotel closes at 10:30, so very convenient for those who want to sleep till late! Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in Deira.The only drawback is a no alcohol policy at the hotel.	
Nov 24 2006 	Above my expectations and pleasantly surprised	I booked Coral Deira tentatively through the hotel website after a futile search for a hotel for my honeymoon. Given that it was 'the exhibition week', i failed to find my usual Crowne Plaza hotel at the price I normally used to pay, infact the price was three times that of the non busy season. Anyhow, I searched and found the Coral deira. For £400, not only did it include breakfast, but it was also the cheapest 5 star hotel I could find during the time, and much cheaper than Crowne Plaza etc in the non peak season! When I arrived at the hotel, I was pleasantly surprised, we were straightaway offered lemonade and within 10 minutes were shown to the room. The room was spacious, clean and well equiped. The quality of and variety of the breakfast was good. Overall, I was very impressed! Not only that, it also has a small pool which is not very busy, hence you can enjoy a quiet swim. The location was great, walking distance to Rigga road, with shops nearby to buy the cheap bottles of water etc. I would say that my stay was very pleasant, with no problems whatsoever, with really attentive and polite service. I would definitely stay in this hotel again. Although the reviews mention that it is not a 5 star hotel, the service is far above and exceeds those which I have experienced in the 5 star hotels of Dubai.	
Nov 19 2006 	great service	i just finished my stay at this hotel and booked it having read the advice on this sight. i was very pleased with the location of the hotel as we were smack bang in the middle between the souks and the deira city mall...pretty much a 10dhs cab ride (3 aud) to get to either. the staff were lovely (especially jeff ) as they booked our lunch at the burj al arab and also the desert safari. our car ride back to the apt was thrown in for free. breakfast was included and a good way to start the day with lots of fresh food. the room was very comfy and roomy (having just come from paris it was huge!!) all was very clean and well maintained..had a small gym and roof top pool...we walked (2 girls) at night to go to dinner and was very safe...be sure to check out the arabian restaurant just a few doors down...(off the top of my head its called bashwan..but try the hubbly bubbly and local food..they took great care of us..)	
Sep 12 2006 	lovely hotel	stayed here for 5 days before moving onto beach hotel.Arrived at 09.00am and were shown to our room within 5 mins.We were 2 adults and 1 child aged 9yrs,son wasnt very well when we arrived and vomitted staff very nice about incident asking if we wanted to see a doctor.We used roof top pool every day at times we were the only ones there!!!!!!!!!!!!!lovely.Staff very kind and helpful nothing too much trouble.Hotel is in a great location even in heat did manage to walk a little.Would use this hotel again if staying in Deira area.	
Sep 1 2006	Very Nice Hotel	I stayed in this hotel 25th August 2006 - 1st Sept 2006 with my wife on 21mths old daughter, we were on vacation from London and wanted a good place to stay, I had read the reviews and thought it had passed my test by OVER 85%.Our flight arrived Dubai at 6.30am and by 8.30am, we were at the Hotel, check in was not till 2pm, we were about 6 guest waiting to have rooms allocated and by 10am, we were ushered in our rooms.Hotel is classed as a 5 star, Sincerely, I will give it a very top 4 star rating, centrally located, our room (504} was large and very clean, big bathroom, MINI Bar, {room service everyday} breakfast was very nice also. We also had a complimentary pickup and drop off at the airport which was just 10mins away. Hotel has a 24 hour guest service facility, we used this a few times to order late night food.Other facilities we enjoyed included internet access, sw/pool, sauna, gym etcReally, I cant fault this hotel, the staffs were absolutely fantastic, Mahmood {Hotel PRO} Amin {Car Hire Service} Ymn {Breakfast Room} Bernard {Porter} and everyone at Coral Deira, Thank you, we had a GREAT time. Please feel free to use this Hotel, I strongly recommend. Thanks	
Aug 24 2006 	a very decent place	We were suppose to go to ksa and before that we wanted to stay in dubai so we had searched for different hotels over the internet and i saw this website that gave me good reviews about hotels specially this Coral Deira hotel though you get confused about different view points but as we were travelling with the family so we wanted a nice decent and a clean place therefore we opted for Coral Deira and honestly its one of the best hotels fine it might not be like Hilton or so but one cant say its not a 5 star hotel. There are also ratings in 5 star hotels anyway if someone wants to stay in a nice environment i think this is the place...the staff is nice...very helpful...no problem in ironing board as the lady had mentioned in one of the reviews....the breakfast is good...the bathrooms are clean and big...the rooms are not very big but good size....the place is also centraly located so no problem in going to the airport or city center.	
Aug 24 2006 	Almost 5 Star	The term &quot;boutique 5 star&quot; is a confusing one. I did feel that our room (102) was of a 5 star quality with plenty of room. But if your after a lot of facilities, then this isn't the hotel for you.We only stayed 2 nights and one day. Whilst it is close to the airport and in the central area of deira, we didn't find anything appealing within a 5 minute walk and the summer heat prevents any further excursions on foot.Hopefully in a couple of years the dusty sites around the hotel will have something worth visiting and the airport project will mean that 30 minute bus trips from the tarmac to the terminal are a thing of the past.	
May 18 2006	Not great at all	So which wise guy gave this hotel a 5 star rating ? Just because the bathroom tiles was made by villeroy and boch does not make it a 5 star. I stayed here for five nights and lets just say its was comfortable but never again. Mr room had a view , of the building next door's balcony strewn with old broken appliances. The jumeirah beach this place aint. The breakfast was not great and more of a three star standard but the icing on the cake was when my hotel room door was left open for around 6 hours with my laptop on my bed along with my digital camera. I went mental as any1 could have walked in and taken it. When i pointed this out 2 the manager he told me at least it was not stolen. I saw red. Another annoying little gripe that each time i needed 2 ask 4 a clothes iron. what sort of 5 star dont have irons in the rooms ? And the room service dont understand what are asking for , i asked for an emory board and was sent ear buds. The great thing about this hotel is the location on muraqabat street otherwise its just a three star dresses as a five.	
Apr 23 2006	nice and personal	i went to stay here with my sister. We were two girls from the UK and were abit hesitant as we had never actually heard of this hotel??? we came onto trip advisor before going to read the reviews. But I must say the reviews we read were abit off putting. When we got there the transfers was excellent the gentleman was there waiting for us. When we got to the hotel the main reception i must say wasnt very appealing surely not for a 5* but must go on and conclude that the service was excellent breakfast was great and the hotel staff reallt made you feel that you was personally serviced! I would go again!	
Apr 3 2006	Good but not 5*	Hotel was nice but did not feel 5* compared to others we have stayed in. Breakfast was average. We had requested a no smoking room and were put in a smoking room that retained the smell throughout our stay. However on the plus side the hotel was in a very convenient location for shopping with shopping centres a short walk and taxi ride away. Plus it had the added bonus of a free shuttle bus to its sister hotel in Sharjah which was excellent.	
Mar 23 2006	Comfortable and centrtal	We spent seven nights at the Coral Deira 14 - 21 March 2006. Having read mixed reviews about the courtesy shuttle service - we decided to take a taxi. At around three miles away - it took around ten minutes and costs very little.An early check in was requested - but our arrival at the hotel meant that we were too early for our room to be ready - so we had to wait.This was not a problem, we were offered a cold drink and encouraged to have a look around the hotel. We decided to leave our luggage with staff and rested by the swimming pool for an hour or so.The tripple room requested, was a good size with a king size bed and simple single bed. The layout of the room was good; with good space and clean. The furniture of a good quality.The hotel has a nice welcoming reception area with good staff.The breakfast was fine but nothing spectacular. The layout of the eating area was spacious, comfortable and pleasantly decorated.As for the location, it is central, but streets are often difficult to walk due to a car-centric society.Anyone planning to visit Deira, should strongly consider staying here.	
Mar 9 2006	service inconsistent	Generally good service...more of a 3* rating. Good buffet breakfast. Inconsistent flight transfer policy...some residents were charged others weren't! Some were charged higher too!As alone traveller I felt safe within the hotel and generally most staff were very polite and helpful.	
Feb 24 2006 	Very nice hotel	I visited Dubai with my mother for business purposes on January &amp; I found the hotel very nice in general terms. It was very well located, very clean &amp; with very friendly staff. Our room type was a standard one but with very good size. It really had plenty of space for our luggages! The breakfast was OK, but not something extraordinary. I would recommend it both for business &amp; leisure travellers.	
Jan 4 2006	Well worth the money		
Nov 27 2005 	Not bad but be careful		
Nov 18 2005 	Not 5 star. 3 at most		
Oct 18 2005 	Soft PeopleSafe Environment and Very well located		
Sep 19 2005 	Very nice hotel but not 5 star		
Sep 16 2005	Great Hotel		
Aug 5 2005	Coral 'The Best'		
Jun 9 2005	Very good hotel		
Mar 25 2005	A jewel in the Heart of the city..........		
Feb 20 2005	Lovely little hotel		
Apr 10 2009 	Razoável!!		
Feb 7 2009 	bon hotel		
