	Revolting disgunting and unpleasant	I stayed here for 3 nights and have to say it was probably one of the worst hotels I have stayed in and I have travelled around China! I paid for an executive suite and when I arrived was shown to a shabby and smelly room which when I questioned was told that all the rooms were executive suites - after complaining I was eventually moved to a cleaner and smarter room. The breakfast was awful and quite frankly although some people might think that 60 pounds a night is reasonable - I beg to differ. There must be cleaner places to stay - take my advice and find somewhere else!	
Nov 21 2009 	What price do you put on your safety?	Cheap &amp; cheerful studios with basic 3 star facilities and a cheap &amp; cheerful family atmosphere. Then you start getting electric shocks in the kitchen, so they replace the cooker with a 2-pin unearthered hotplate and tell you not to use the sink. After 3 days of nonsense and reluctance to take my wife's concerns seriously (one shock out her flat on her back on the floor), they refused to offer a refund or any form of compensation, so we left and handed the problem over to the Dubai Municpality Health &amp; Saftety department. A pity - we had stayed here before during Ramadan this year, and if you are looking for cheap digs away from the crowds, this hotel appears to have much to commend it. However, what price would you put on your safety when using kitchen appliances?	
Oct 31 2009 	"Well good" as my daughter would say............	I found the reviews helpful when booking the hotel but you have to judge the hotel for yourself. I travelled with my teenage daughter &amp; her friend (half term hols).... the hotel was &quot;well good&quot;. I booked it through asiarooms.com, they describe it as 4 star, not quite my idea of 4 star but were it lacked on certain creature comforts it delivered on others things. The location is great 10/15 mins walk from the heart of Bur Dubai &amp; close enough to the metro station Khalid Wal Al Bin &amp; Burjuman mall, the pool served its purpose... to cool in the heat of the morning, the sauna &amp; gym are ok too. We tried the food/room service &amp; it was good &amp; very reasonable priced. The rooms were clean &amp; comfortable but basic but hey we only slept there... the staff were very friendly and helpful...would I recommend it? definately yes.......	
Oct 29 2009 	Cheap and cheerful(ish)	We simply wanted somewhere to sleep while visiting family in the vicinity in Dubai. The studio apartment is very like a Travelodge room, but with an open plan kitchen. Our room was on the first floor at the back of the hotel with a view straight into another block of flats, near its air-con system. If we had been on holiday, this would have bothered us and we would have asked for another studio, or upgraded to one with a balcony. The studio was spacious with a comfortable kingsize bed. The kitchen had basic crockery/cutlery, a large fridge/freezer, kettle, toaster, washing machine, a two-ring electric hob, plus a microwave. There are supermarkets nearby so it is easy to self-cater, so we made our own breakfast. Also there is 24-hr room service. It was always easy to walk outside and flag down a taxi.Downsides: We could not get the safe to open and, despite asking twice, it was never sorted out. (We left our valuables with our family).You only get two towels bewteen two people - one hand towel and a bath towel! One day the room was not serviced, and we had to ask at reception for clean towels. Meanwhile, we overheard someone complaining that his room had not been serviced for two days...But hey, it is as cheap as chips and, as another reviewer has already said: You get what you pay for.	
Sep 27 2009 	You get what you pay for!	We choose the Jormand Hotel Apartments because on Lastminute.com it was a very reasonable price for 5 nights and we needed a well located base. We had previously stayed at the Dhow Palace, which is across the road, so we knew the area was good. The hotel is within walking distance of Spinney's for all groceries etc. We were able to check in at 9am, which was the only positive about the whole experience at this hotel.We stayed on a room only board which we thought would be fine as the hotel has a kitchenette - however all the crockery and appliances were dirty, in short supply and old. The electric portable hob that was originally in the room did not work however when we complained they replaced it promptly. One positive point was that the fridge/freezer was big. The room was clean but very basic. The TV had to be changed because it did not work. There was only 1 pillow each on the bed which was irritating. The iron was not a steam iron and the board did not stand up firmly. The bathroom was awful. Please see photos! They only gave us one towel each, which caused problems when trying to wash hair. Also, the shower was minute and had a scabby, old, dirty shower curtain that stuck to you. For the first 3 days no one came to do any housekeeping. I had to go out everyday looking for the trolley to get some toilet roll. After 3 days I asked reception if we could have the bed changed and some fresh towels. The receptionist looked at me as if I had stepped off another planet.Every morning, around 8am a staff member knocked on the door asking if we wanted to send off any laundry -that we had to pay for. This was really annoying especially as the room had a washing machine! On our last night we ordered room service, which arrived promptly. Despite being described in the menu as a 'Half Pounder' the burger was tiny, not even a quarter pounder, and hugely over priced! Neither of the 2 computers with internet access for guests worked during our stay The staff did not seem care about this.Overall, the hotel was poor. It was clean but the service was poor and the staff were uninterested.	
Sep 21 2009 	Very good value for money!!	Stayed here for 8 days in Sept 2009. There are two of these hotels very close to each other, one is called Jormand Suites and one is called Jormand Hotel Apartments. Got a taxi to these apartments and were taken to the wrong one to begin, slightly confusing. Lovely appearance to the lobby and plenty of parking outside if renting a car. We were in a room on the 5th floor with a balcony. Rooms are very spacious, loads of storage, kitchenette with fridge and microwave is fabulous. Cleaned almost every day but I found them to come round quite late, sometimes later than 4pm in the evening, by that time I had hung out the &quot;privacy&quot; sign and our room wasn't cleaned twice because of how late it was. Room service was quite cheap and arrived quickly. Air conditioning was a godsend in the heat! Location is in the Mankhool area, not far from some shopping centres etc. The beach isn't too far in a taxi, we got a taxi a few times and it was £3 to get to the beach. Rooftop pool was very quiet and the jacuzzi was nice. Didn't have chance to visit the Gym and Sauna but it looked ok. I found this to be incredible value for money. When I return to Dubai again I shall stay nearer the beach, if you're not too bothered about being close then this hotel is fab. Everything in Dubai is so spread out anyway ! Overall great stay!	
Aug 22 2009 	Very Comfortable Hotel with Nosey Staff	I stayed here for 7 days/nights in mid-June. The intial room given to me had malfunctioning AC (an important feature given that it was 47 degrees outside). After complaining, the staff were happy to upgrade me to a room with a balcony. The room was large with plenty of storage, cable TV and kitchenette facilities. Room service was prompt, well priced and tasty. The roof top pool was clean and hardly used so quite private to sit up there. However I found the staff at reception to be nosey and would always ask what my activities were for the day and then ask how much I was paying for it, then offer to set my up with their &quot;business partner.&quot; I found this rude and annoying. the location is okay (close to Bur Jurnman and not too far from DCC Malls) but if wanting to head to the beach/nightlife, then this hotel would not be a wise choice.	
May 25 2009 	Value for money!	This hotel apartment is a good value for money. I was there with my family (aunts and cousins) for 7 days. The staff is friendly and the overall service was good. There is a 24 hour room service and the food is great. The room was spacious (including kitchenette, fridge, tv) and cleaned every day (hang out the cleaning sign!). If you're lucky you'll get a room with a balcony. The bathroom was also clean and had enough soap etc. They say that the Meena Bazar is a 10 minute walk, but it's not. So if you don't want to walk in the sun you'd better take a taxi. There are a lot of taxi's around so that's ok. Breakfast is served in the lobby, but for so many guests there were just not enough tables and seats. Also breakfast itself was not enough for all the guests. So that's a loss. But overall I can truly say that it is a good value for money hotel apartement.	
Jul 17 2008 	Good Accommodation	I stayed here on a Business Trip and prior to departure, couldn't find any reviews on it. However, once here I found it well suited for what we needed it for.The rooms were spacious enough and the beds were really comfortable. The wadrobes were huge, and the bathroom was a reasonable size with no real change in water temeperature. The toiletries they give are good.The kitchenette is absolutely fantastic, and as there is a mini-mart opposite (next to the Dhow Palace - great place for an evening drink by the way and a meal out) that offers great prices, you can save a good deal of money.As for the breakfast, there are your basic buffet options, such as cereals and hot food, but as a Muslim country, you have to eat &quot;beef bacon&quot; and &quot;chicken sausage&quot;, which sounds quirky, but beef bacon was absolutely lovely! You can also have dinner here and we did have room service one night with a whole variety of meals, which were really nice for the cost.Staff were friendly, and the lady on the desk was very quick with ordering our taxis. Apparently there's a roofside pool, but on a business trip I didn't get to sample this unfortunately (a real shame as I brought my bikini in case!)One evening, we managed to venture out to the Bazaar, and realised we could have walked it as it was so near! We didn't realise as we initially seemed to be a in a really quiet area.Definately a good hotel for what I believed was paid, so I would highly reccommend it for a whole use of visits.E-mail me if you need any tips or advice.	
Jan 3 2008	Good Value and fairly central loction	Stayed there in NOV07 by booking rooms thru AsiaRooms. Website was easy to use and instant confirmation. This htl offered tranfers. However upon arrival, transfer was late by about 1 hr. Had to call htl and driver a couple of times. Check in was smooth and recception kept passport for several hours and only upon prompting returned our pp. The apartment style rooms comes with washer, cable tv, kitchen, air-con etc. Overall the aprtment worked for us and was clean and bright. Not much views but we were touring anyways.Taxis (all metered in DXB) are available from hotel. Htl has small pool and small gym on the roof.Breakfast was sufficient for a small sized htl - stocked with hot and continental items. It isnt a 5 star spread as you would get in a 5 star htl but then againin DXB, htls are generally very expensive and 5 star htls were above our budgets.Transfer from htl to airport was quick however the reception made us leave the htl much earlier than expected as they commented that traffic would be haeavy with hour long jams - it took us 2omins - go figure.Overall decent tourist htl aprtments with all that we needed.	
Mar 27 2009 	Très bon hotel ! A recommander !		
Dec 12 2008	Bon Rapport Qualité/Prix		
