Sep 6 2009 	good hotel  excellent value for money	We booked three nights in may and got excellent rates , our stay was great.It’s a new hotel, modern design, located on the Deira side of Dubai creek, near Maktoum Bridge and Floating Bridge, so you need the taxi to go into the most interesting area (Just outside the hotel there are private cars, no public taxi, so you spend a little extra.)Our (standard) room was great, spacious, quite, with a king size bed very comfortable, large bathroom with Jacuzzi. We liked the room very much.Breakfast was good and well presented.We also liked pool area, located on the second floor: a Jacuzzi pool in the shade under a gazebo and a large main pool, comfortable sunbeds and umbrellas around ; we spent a very relaxing moments!	
Aug 12 2009 	great but the service	i stayed in this hotel for 7 nights Aug 2009, the rooms were spacious bath was fine very very quite in corridors, breakfast was just great i love sausages.i asked the guys to fix som leak in the bathroom (i needed to talk to three of them then they fixed it, internet was not free at all looks like Dubai is far behind in free high speed wireless internet services in hotels.I called and went to the reception for a wake up call at 6 am (departure to the airport) thank god i used my cell phone alarm, no one even bothered.All in all it was great stay if i would be back i would love to try another one	
Jun 29 2009 	One of the best 4 stars hotels in Dubai	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights.I really liked it.It's new, modern, clean, and have a great location.some rooms have a jacuzzi in it.the best thing about this hotel that it's so quite, it doesn't have a night club, and it doesn't serve alcohol.	
May 3 2009 	The right choice	Stayed at this hotel on the way back from Australia. The choice was more good luck than anything, but it was an excellent choice for what we wanted.Position. Almost in the City centre. Shopping mall very close, and about 10 minuites from the Creek, Not close to the beach. If you want to hear the sea from your room, do not stay here!! A lot of building work going on around the hotel but it was not intrusive.Reception. We arrived at 5.30AM Staff quickly dealt with the formalities and we went to our room. Leaving the hotel was equally painless. We used the hotels own transport back to the airport. Only £1 more than a taxi and worth it for the extra bit of luxury. On arrival at the hotel they want your credit card and take 500 EDoff it to pay for any services that you may use. If you don't use any, they credit your card with the 500ED at the end of your stay ( I hope!! )Room. Average size, clean and well presented. Safe for documents at no extra chargeCleaned on a daily baisis. Towels changed and toiletries replenished.. If I were to go again, I would upgrade to a &quot;Creek View&quot; room, as the one we had overlooked a building site. Pointless paying for a balcony as it would be too hot to sit out anyway.Food. Breakfasts good. A request to the ever helpful waiter brought us fried eggs or an omlette of your choice. We were going to eat there one night, but it was a buffert and we didn't fancy anything on it so I can't comment on the evening service or food. A small cafe serves snacks and drinks-----at a price! This is a &quot;dry&quot; hotel so don't expect any alcahol to be served.If I ever went to Dubai again I would certainly stay in this hotel and it is in an ideal position for the city sights.	
May 3 2009 	very good hotel	hi,I was in this hotel for 2 nights and I really loved the hotel for its big and spacious rooms. The view from the hotel window was breath taking. I guess I was on 15 floor and the window opened on the busy highway, behind the highway was the creek. in the night time I loved the view of tall well light buildings sparkling in the sky. before reaching Dubai I was in Germany for almost a month and was tired of eating the European cuisine, so when I got some spicy Asian food at the hotel I was more than thrilled. The food was good, they took great care in understanding how would I like my food to be. Overall a good experience.dislike: I was asked to pay a hefty amount for the internet usage. While most of the good hotels give some limited usage free I had to pay for internet use. Another dislike: The TV channels were limited to regional channels and it got boring.	
Nov 5 2008 	Huge rooms great value!	I booked this hotel for one night at the last minute, and got an excellent price. I booked a normal room and on arrival found that it was huge and excellent facilities.On entering the room there was a lobby with mirror and luggage rack. There was a locked door to an adjoining room. Continuing forward there was the spacious bathroom to my left, and a large wardrobe to my right. The room itself was bright, with a large bed, desk and seating area. There is a computer in the room, which you use through the TV and allows you access to websites, email and internet radio stations for a small charge.I ordered room service. The food (lentil soup with a selection of breads) arrived quickly, was delicious and value for money. My only disappointment was that the hotel had run out of wine.This hotel is newand modern. It's in the right area for shopping and the airport.The checking-in and checking-out procedures are quick and not cumbersome at all.I would highly recommend this hotel to business travellers. With the lack of a pool, it is not well-suited to holidaymakers.	
Sep 23 2008 	Not for western business travellers	Stayed there 1 1/2 nights was not impressed on a business traveler aspect. When I arrive at a hotel, I usually need to get to my room and get connected to the internet. I don't have time to wait on the bell-hop to bring my luggage to my room, I always bag-drag it myself. Case in point for any hotel manager reading this: Have your desk people ASK the customer if they would like their luggage sent to the room. Don't INSIST that it be taken up for them.  As for the room: Placement for connections for electricity and internet is very inefficient. The Ethernet connection is by the bed and the desk is on the other side of the room. I had to request a cable and the maintaince guy brought me one he spiced himself.The overall design of this hotel leaves me wondering if this was a first attempt for the architect. As previously posted, rugs would help.For those who enjoy a libation, this is a dry hotel.	
Jun 28 2008 	Mixed bag	Copthorne is a new hotel, on the Deira side of Dubai creek, midway between Maktoum Bridge and Floating Bridge (the hotel is about 400 yards back from the Creek, with very busy roads in between). Deira City Centre shopping mall (one of the best in Dubai) is about a 10 minutes walk away (across some busy roads). There didn't seem anything much else of note in walking distance, but there is a small grocery store 200 yards away (come out of the hotel and turn left).Arrived to find check-in efficient and friendly, and free parking in the basement.We didn't get the free fruit basket other reviews have mentioned, although there were tea and coffee making facilities (and a couple of small bottles of drinking water) in the room.Our room (Deluxe) was big with a big bathroon, effective A/C, and a safe. It had good views of the Creek but no balcony. Note that the hotel did not have a bar, and the district it is located in is very quiet, so you would need a taxi or your own transport to find the nightlife. However this is true of most hotels in Dubai, which doesn't really have a definable centre. Note that taxis can be hard to find in Dubai and we didn't notice many in the vicinity of the hotel.Anyone wanting the beach would have a 20-30 minute drive. The airport is probably 15 minutes away.We didn't try the restaurant but the in-room breakfast was OK.Swimming pool is rooftop on the second floor and looked nice (some welcome shade until mid morning, but some traffic noise).Overall, though the hotel left us underwhelmed. One problem was the wooden floors in the corridors and part of the room - we could hear other guests return to their room at night and lots of sounds of doors slamming. They need to invest in some nice thick carpets to keep the noise down. A further negative was a very poor choice of English speaking TV channels - just BBC World News as far as we could see. No sports or film channels aimed at western visitors. Note sure why this should be as most Dubai hotels have a wide selection of English speaking channels. Check out was below par, as the receptionist and her supervisor were involved in a discussion about some issue with the previous guest and, other than to swipe my credit card, my presence was barely acknowledged. Our bill came to about 100 pounds for the night (including breakfast), which for the off-season and the amenities/atmosphere at the hotel we thought was a bit expensive.	
Jun 3 2008 	Brand New Hotel with very helpful staff	We have just returned from a week at the Copthorne. This was booked directly with the hotel and they are probably the cheapest 4 star hotel in Dubai at the minute costing us approximately £68 per night.As per previous reviewer, the room is huge, clean and well stocked. We were given a complimentary fruit basket on arrival with the best grapes I have ever tasted.Our room was on the 4th floor and had a brilliant view of the swimming pool and the creek. Staff were very courteous, friendly and very helpful. We didn't eat much at the hotel but room service is reasonable. Not all their meals are listed on the room service menu so if there is something you want you ask and they will be happy to make it. Location wise, the hotel is 5 minutes walk to a huge shopping centre (I wouldnt advise jaywalking) and a £1.50 ride away from the gold souk. The Rooftop pool was always empty and it seems the hotel was empty because I never really saw any other guests. Check in &amp; check out only took 5 minutes and they sent the hotel chauffeur to pick us up from the airport at a cost of £14 which is think is quite reasonable. We had a few problems with the toilet which was leaking but they immediately sent someone to repair it. The air-conditioning also wasn't quite cool enough for us. We tried to reset it and the room service guy tried as well but it just wasn't cool enough. I mentioned this on check out and the staff said I should have said something and they would have immediately changed our room for us. In fairness to the hotel, all other areas in the hotel were very cool so it could just be a dodgy thermostat. On return to the UK, the hotel sent us a lovely letter thanking us for our visit. I will definitely return to this hotel in the future. Its one of the best hotels I have stayed in and I do hope they keep up the good service.	
Apr 20 2008 	Good Service and Location!	Hotel service is really good! The Staffs and managers are all super friendly and helpful!. The location is good too. 5 - 8 mins walk to one of the biggest shopping mall at Deira - Deira City Centre. This Hotel is newly opened in Jan 2008, although it is new, the staffs are helpful and professional. Buffet is good, food is well cooked, not too salty like most food in Dubai restaurants. My husband and I stayed at a cheapest room type - Executive Room. But the room surprises me. The staffs accomodated when I asked for a high floor level room. The room has a internal short walkway, a bathtub, plasma TV, Huge wardrobe with a safe, all with a great view of the poolside and Dubai Creek with no blockages. ( The hotel location is just beside the Dubai Creek) There is a 7-eleven beside the hotel. Is is a peaceful area as it is not a hotel in the middle of shops and cafes. Not rowdy at all. Directly opposite is the Flora Creek and Flora Grand. Easy access to Bur Dubai which is just across the creek.	
Jul 27 2009 	excellent		
