	My Clients say hotel is excellent at an excellent price	I suggested this hotel based on the reviews below and low &quot;greatrates and lategetaway&quot; rates at this hotel. My clients stayed for one night as they did not know what it would be like. Once they arrived they called and re-booked. They have been staying at the hotel for over 2 weeks now and highly recommend. The staff and service has been excellent. Even contacting them from the US has been very easy and they have provided quick and excellent communication. I would highly recommend this hotel for business or leisure. Rates also include breakfast which is a plus as well.	
Oct 18 2009 	FantasticStaff very friendly 	Spent 1 night here in August &amp; 3 nights in October. First trip in August, arrived at hotel at 6.30am-room was available by 8.30am. Served complimentary coffee while waiting. Second trip in October, arrived at hotel 7am to find room already available. Staff were so obliging &amp; so friendly &amp; helpful-they couldn't do enough for you. Room was very clean &amp; comfortable. Hotel in a great location-close to airport. Supermarket just down the road. Close to shopping malls, Dubai Creek, Gold Souk. No problem to get taxis-very cheap. Breakfast, included in room rate was very nice. Would definitely stay here again	
Sep 14 2009 	wonderful hotel.....	Rimal rotana is a wonderful hotel: the staff was nice, the hotel was spectacularly clean, very spacious rooms, the pool was small but very nice. The hotel is located in the heart of Diera. Will definitely visit the hotel again.	
Aug 6 2009 	dry hotel	The hotel was very clean and modern and the staff friendly. The food was OK but we were not used to the style of food. The hotel was a dry hotel. The room was spacious and had all the conveniences. The A/C leaked water a few times but the staff eventually fixed it.	
Jul 13 2009 	Great!	Stayed here for 4 nights - could not fault the hotel at all. The breakfast was great, the room was large + spotlessly clean. The rooftop pool was great + as this was more of a business hotel it was usually empty!!! Great location - near the creek - a walk along the dhow wharfage is highly recommended! There is a lovely Persian restaurant over the road from the hotel + there is also a supermarket just over the road too. I have been to Dubai at least 15 times both on business + on holiday + would definitely stay here again!	
Jun 14 2009 	Great choice	We stayed here for a couple of nights at the end of May and really liked it. The rooms are big, well equipped and very clean. The staff are really helpful and couldn't do enough for us. Position was good for airport, creek and souks and as taxis are so cheap it didn't cost the earth to get down to Jumeirah for a look. We arrived very early on our first morning and the front desk did everything they could to get our room ready early and in the meantime we were able to use the showers by the swimming pool to freshen up which was much apreciated.	
May 7 2009 	Great	stayed at Rimal for 5 nights, the staff cannot do enough for you. Studio room with kitchnet, and supermarket across the road. Excellent breakfast. Reason for recommendation is that it is close to the city centre and about 20mins to Jumeriah beach. summing pool on the roof which was always empty.	
May 7 2009 	Had everything you needed	The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. The hotel is very nice and modern looking. Everything is very small scale but is ideal for the visitor who isn't planning on spending a lot of time indoors.The choice of Breakfast was wonderful, this was included in our package. We had dinner there when we arrived. This was nice. Nothing special but tasty.Be careful which map you use to navigate your way back to the hotel. We had a small pop out tourist map which has this hotel marked, except it's in the wrong position. We spent an hour trying to work out why we couldn't find our way (especially as both of us make maps for a living!).We were here on our Honeymoon. We decided to stop and see a little of Dubai on our way to the Maldives. We booked with Virgin Holidays. Despite the problems people have had with transfers to and from the hotel, we had a trouble free time. We didn't use many of the facilities on offer but we did swim in the pool each night. The view from the roof isn't particularly good but in Dubai you really have to spend a lot of money to get into the fancy places. It depends what kind of budget you have.	
Apr 10 2009 	The whole package	First trip to Dubai with the family. The hotel staff were extremely polite, helpful and friendly. We received an inpeccable service at all times. We arrived on an early flight, and they were kind enough to allow us an early check-in, plus we were upgraded to a nice family suite on the first floor. It is worth mentioning Mr Shadi and Mr Rehman at reception because they were always very helpful.Nice, neat and spaceous rooms. The kitchenet was also handy for us as we wanted to have that option to cook. Mr Ibrahim was also very helpful. Very wide selection of hot and cold foods at breakfast. Very well equipped gym. Pool on the roof was very handy too. Distance to Diera around 30 mins in no traffic. Most taxi's use their meters which they set at 3 Dirhams on start of journey. The hotel will assist with cabs, directions, tourist attraction bookings etc at any time.Wireless Internet access available from rooms but not free, you have to obtain a prepaid card (or added to your account). There is also the option to use the business centre in the reception.	
Mar 20 2009 	This is my favoured hotel for Dubai for value cleanliness 	This is the hotel I always stay at during my visits to Dubai. It is reasonably priced and is situated in Deira, at the heart of Dubai. The rooms are clean, staff friendly and the breakfast offeriing is good too. Just one point to mention. If you're a non smoker then always request one otherwise you will normally be goven a smoking room.....	
Mar 18 2009 	Perfect	clean , Quite , modern and well located .it is my hotel for the future , that for sure .	
Mar 16 2009 	clean and modern with outstanding customer service	We arrived on a morning flight and had no problems getting an early check in. The staff were all extremely helpful and friendly and went out of their way to make sure that we were happy guests.The room was clean and spacious with a good firm comfortable bed. My only complaint about the room would be that it was quite difficult to control the temperature of the air conditioning and at times I had to resort to opening the window to warm myself up. There was plenty of food to choose from at breakfast and service was good, even at busy times. I had room service one evening and was really impressed with the quality of the food. If you want a nearby alternative, I would recommend the reasonably priced Thai restaurant at The Grand Moov, which is virtually next door. You can also have a beer there, or at the Holiday Inn which is also very close by. There is a supermarket opposite the hotel, which is really handy. I was at this hotel for business reasons and although the hotel isn't perfectly located from a tourist point of view, I had no problem getting taxis from the main road and even walked to the souks one evening (45min brisk walk). A taxi ride to Al Mamzar beach park only took ten minutes and it was a really pleasant place to chill out. Going in the opposite direction, a taxi ride to Jameirah costs about 40AED.	
Mar 14 2009 	FAAAAAR but nice	I have had the chance to stay at Diplomat Radison SAS, in Bahrain. The hotel is nice and clean and the staff is friendly and cooperative. The area is clean, quite and safe but if you are interested in walking around or shopping, FORGET IT. Its far from almost everything.The breakfast is amazingly limited and the Chef is perhaps, the slowest I have ever seen. What kills you, is the price. Basic breakfast is BD 7.5 but when you are done, they tell you that you had the American Breakfast which casts BD 12.5 This is expensive even compare to Dubai. Which I consider very expensive.So, of you are interested in walking around, I suggest get a hotel close to the shopping malls and make sure it is nice &amp; clean. Read the reviews about the hotel first.They even have an internet connection but it will be cheaper to subscribe to a monthly internet than to get one one hour there. They charge BD 5 for one hour (even if you use it for 1 minute) and 9 BD for 24 hours.	
Jan 7 2009	good value smart modern hotel	Booked through asiarooms and was much cheaper than expedia.ServiceThe initial experience of the hotel customer service was not so good as there was a dispute with the triple bed booking we made. We were told we would have to pay for the extra bed. I explained that this was included in the asiaroom bookings and it was stated on the voucher. A few checks were made by the receptionist and subsequently an extra fold up bed was made available at no charge and earlly checkin at 12.30 was provided. Subsequent interactions showed the staff to be courteous and the bellman was extremely helpful and suggested things to do in DubaiRoom FacilitiesWe couldnt have asked for better rooms, they were spacious, modern, very clean and comfortable. The small kitchen could be useful for guests with children, some cutlery is provided.Breakfast FacilitiesThe breakfast is adequate with a selection of hot and cold foods including quite a choice of cereals and breads and pastries. More choice of fruit could have been provided. The breakfast area however can get crowded and can be difficult to get a table especially for groups of 4+ towards the end of the breakfast time (9.30-10.30)LocationDubai in is not a walkable city and at any hotel a taxi would be needed to visit one or more sites, especially from rimal rotana which is not near to any sights (as other reviews have highlighted). But the taxi rides are short 10/15min. Many taxis drivers did not know where the hotel was located despite having it on the map on the back of hotel card so check before you get in the car. The closest place we could walk was approx 30mins away - the dubai creek, this is a nice area for a walk and a boat trip. If i return to dubai I would stay at a hotel near here or bur dubai as then the gold souk, meena bazaar are walking distance or a water taxi away. Jumeirah would still be at a distance and in any case there are better beach destinations.There are a number of local and global eateries about 20min walk on al rigga road.. nandos, starbucks, pizzahut, and dominos (right across the road from hotel). There are also a few shopping malls but we did not visit theseAdditional Notes:Hotel does not serve alcohol. Pool area is more for a dip rather than a swim as very small. There is a metro system due to open in dubai sept 2009, this could provide much needed transport facilities to get around and avoid traffic and waiting for taxis. Hotel safari tour was good value but also had a large group of jeeps, ask around if looking for something with a smaller group. Currently a high intensity of construction near the beach so views are not spectacular and the public beach has no local amenities in terms of restaurants/restrooms apart from a park that most days is only open to ladies	
Dec 30 2008 	Great value downtown location	We stayed here for three nights early in December booking a double room through Southtravels on a 2 week trip to Dubai / Muscat.We decided to stay 'downtown' in Diera as we wanted to visit the Gold Souk / Karama during our stay. Having experienced the traffic on previous trips (and a 2 hour taxi ride to the gold souk from Jumeirah during rush hour) we opted to stay closer. This hotel suited the purpose very well. Airport transfer was 10 minutes. Gold souk (even during rush hour) 20 minutes. Karama also 20 minutes - all by taxi.The room was large and very clean. It had a small kitchen including a 2 ring cooker (although stangely no pans!) but this was fine for us. There are lots of places to eat nearby from 'local' cafes which are very cheap to pizza hut / chillis / mainstream restaurants a 15/20 minute walk away. There is a supermarket almost opposite the hotel where we bought lunch every day at minimal cost.The rooftop pool / gym are great - always very quiet (in terms of other people) although you can hear the traffic when poolside as you would expect from a downtown hotel.Breakfast was buffet style &amp; of good quality. Overall - if this your first trip to Dubai then I would always recommend you stay at the beach. However if on business or doing as we did &amp; booking the hotel for proximity to places you want to go, then we could not fault this hotel.	
Dec 29 2008 	Great Value!!	This was a very nice, clean and comfortable hotel. The facilities are modern, front desk clerks are very helpful and not too pushy. We booked through Expedia and got a great rate for our room plus free breakfast, which was good. Compared to the more expensive hotels in Dubai, this is a great value!	
Dec 7 2008 	Top Hotel Stay	This Hotel has a superb friendly helpful staff. It is very clean and the rooms have a refrigerator and cooking facilities. Room was also very quiet and service was superb! Great value for Dubai. The concierge, Mohammed, was also very helpful. Highly recommend.	
Nov 4 2008 	Absolutely loved this hotel	Date 30 Oct 2008Devon EnglandHave just returned from a trip to Dubai having stayed at the Rimal Rotana Hotel which I would rate as excellent. The staff are extremely helpful, the breakfast is excellent, the hotel is kept spotless and it also boasts a very nice roof garden/swimming pool - I really can't wait to go back!	
Oct 19 2008 	Good Rooms Good Service	We had a short 2-night stay at Rimal Rotana and we enjoyed the service and room provided by this hotel. The room we had was relatively big, with a king size bed, a kitchenette and a long bath. The customer service as well as room service had all exceeded our expectations too. Our booking was done online and the hotel was very responsive to our emails and requests. However, do note that while the hotel is near to the International Airport (15 mins by taxi), it is not near to most big malls and some taxi drivers are not familiar with the location of this hotel. So, do ask the hotel to provide you with a name card containing the location and map of the hotel so that it is easier for you to communicate with the taxi drivers.	
Oct 7 2008 	Does what it says on the tin	Visited the Rimal Rotana for just one night after staying at the Grand Hyatt. The RR was clean and functional and the staff were very friendly and efficient. It is a good value for money place to stay in Dubai and situated conveniently in Deira and very close to the airport and souks.The rooms are large with small kitchen area and modestly decorated as befits the price you pay.Certainly to be recommended for a cost effective stay.	
Aug 3 2008 	Neat Hotel	We stayed here for 2 nights coming back from Australian trip. The hotel is very neat and clean. We had booked via Virgin and this was our 5th (and final) Hotel. We are 2 Adults + 1 Child, aged 16 (and 5' 7&quot; tall). The reception staff were pleasant and asked if we wanted 1 x double or 2 x single bedded room. I explained that there were in fact 3 of us - all standing in front of him - and we would want 3 beds. He said we would have to upgrade to achieve that, at a cost. I declined and asked if he had a rollaway bed that they could put in the room. The reply was Yes, at a cost. I declined having felt that I had paid enough for the holiday and this was the only one that had got it wrong. Later that morning the Virgin Rep arrived and having explained the situation he asked for a rollaway bed to be brought in at a cost to Virgin Holidays. The bed was very hard, thought I was on a board, so slept in the chair in the end. Room cleaning is very late in the day and told them not to bother. The catering staff were wonderful and wanting to please. Not sure that I would want to stay in this area again it seemed very far out from things. The whole area is very dusty due to so much building work going on. From the roof of the hotels the views mainly consist of flat roofs full of satalite dishes.	
Jun 13 2008 	Great hotel	We stopped off for 3 nights at Rimal Rotana on the way to Sri Lanka which we booked through Virgin. Transfers from the airport were first class in a private car, took about 15 mins as the hotel is near the airport in Deira. This is a 3* hotel but in my opinion is more a 4. The hotel is modern and trendy, with 4 internet pcs for guests, the staff are very friendly and helpful. With flights from the UK arriving early in the morning we though we would have to wait until the afternoon to check in (which is normal with Dubai hotels). The receptionist arranged for us to go upto the pool while we waited which is on the roof. Towels are provided, there is a sauna and a good gym. An hour later our room was ready. Room was excellent with a small kitchen but more importanly a fridge and Uk plug sockets so no need for adapters!! Breakfast was good with a large selection of food - the usual toast, cereal, cakes, fruit, bacon, eggs, etc... Rimal Rotana is about 10mins taxi drive from the creek where you'll find the locals boats, the famous bank of Dubai building and Gordon Ramseys restaurant. The Burj hotel, Mall of the Emirates are about a 45 minute taxi ride away, taxi cost us less than a tenner. The hotel is not in the heart of Dubai but I think thats a good thing as there is so much construction going on its good to be abit out of it. Local shops and supermarkets are right across the road but there is no bar in the hotel. Overall a great hotel, would thoroughly reccommend it!TIP - Having travelled to a few hot countries we thought we would be able to handle the heat, WRONG!! This is the hottest place I have ever been (hottest day was 104), take a taxi even if your going on a short trip and make sure youve got a bottle of water.	
Jun 11 2008 	Excellent Hotel...Will come back again	Clean...friendly staff (they loved our 3 year old son)...good breakfast and restaurant...Good location...nice rooms...with free underground parking if you hire a car...	
May 29 2008 	Great hotal	Just got back after spending 5 nghts at this hotel with 4 friends and loved every minute of it, the staff were all fab, happy and very helpful, lovely clean rooms and plenty of choice on the menu especially for breakfast, i can highly reccomend this hotel but wouldn't take kids there, and its only 15 mins from the airport	
May 24 2008 	Great value for money	We stayed in Dubai for a couple of nights on our way to Mauritius and booked through Thomson. For the price we thought the Rimal was really good, other reviews on trip advisor had mentioned problems so I was a little hesitant but am pleased to say we didn't experience any. If you are looking for somewhere special, romantic etc then yes I would say look elsewhere but if you are merely looking for a good quality 'base' then I would recommend the Rimal. The rooms are modern and adequate etc.The Rimal is in downtown dubai and therefore you have to get a cab to go to the beach, malls etc but it isn't expensive at all. It took just 15 mins from the airport. Some hotels sell alcohol in Dubai but not the Rimal so for those that fancy a drink or two you will have to go elsewhere. There is a supermarket across the road but this doesn't sell alcohol in Dubai (which is quite common).Overall we were pleased with the Rimal and would stay there again.	
May 20 2008 	Loved this hotel	The rimal rotana has outstanding rooms, they are more like small suites. We had a little kitchenette with 2 ring hob, full size sink and a breakfast barThe reception staff were great always willing to go that little bit extra. We arrived before the room was ready after an all night flight but our bags were stored for us and we grabbed our swimming things and headed for the rooftop pool.The porter always got a Taxi for us but it sometimes took a while. The taxi drivers don't always know the hotel, so grab a hotel business card from the front desk as it has the address in english and arabic.Be careful to ask for a metered cab as we made the mistake of getting a private one and he drove us around Dubai for 2 hours before finally admitting he didn't have a clue where he was going!!The hotel organised 2 trips for us Desert safari and a city tourwould i stay here again, yes without a doubt	
Apr 28 2008 	Lovely Hotel!	We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights.The staff could not have been nicer and the room was beautiful.Very clean and tidy and everyone was very friendly.The hotel also organised all our tours (we did a city tour and a desert safari) and got us taxis very quickly whenever they were required.The room service is 24hours and very reasonable.We would definitely go back again!	
Apr 16 2008	a good hotel	booked a 2 bedroom suite via their website, we arrived after midnight only to be told by the night manager that our rooms were not available due to maintenance work. we were taken to a sister hotel ( sharjah rotana ) which was 30 mins drive further away from the city, spoke to the manager of the sharjah hotel who informed me that they would overbook rooms as airlines would overbook plane seats if you book via internet. next time i would go via a reputable internet company like expedia or last minute. next morning the same manager informed me that they only had 2 person studio available although there was three of us. when we arrived the manager informed me that a guest had left earlier therefore the original room was available.the room was excellent, clean, plenty of room ( i had the main bedroom suite to myself ), staff were very friendly, gym was basic and swimming pool was small but in general a very nice contemporary hotel, shops nearby, not far from airport. next time i would definately stay at another rotana hotel prefably on jumeira beach.	
Apr 13 2008 	Good quality good service good price	With 7-star this and 5-star that hotels plastered all over Dubai, it was refreshing to find a small, modern hotel that wasn't intimidated by its swankier competitors. The standard of rooms was very high, housekeeping was very regular, the overall service standards professional and there's plenty of choice at breakfast. The hotel pool/sun deck is just big enough for the size of the hotel, though you're not going to be taking much more than a dip in the pool as it's not built for laps. The gym and sauna facilities are well maintained and the staff there are friendly and helpful. The hotel is in a great location for local restaurants and for walking through the city, though it will take you a good 25 minutes to get down to the Spice Souk at a moderate pace. It's not so great if you're looking for a beach-based holiday as the beaches are about half and hour away or more (but then again, almost any journey by car involves getting caught in the Dubai traffic, so half an hour is fairly standard to get anywhere). If there's one thing the hotel could do better, it would be to improve its concierge skills -- they're a bit inconsistent and local knowledge could be better. Overall we got good quality and good service for a good price. We'd definitely go back.	
Apr 12 2008 	Great Hotel	We stayed at the Rimal Rotana Suites in Deira for three nights. We arrived at about 3 30 am and realised we should have booked for that night, as well as the three we had booked, but the staff at reception were very helpful, and they gave us a two bedroom suite so that we could get some sleep. We then had to change to the room we had booked later that day. The hotel has recently been renovated, with the reception/lobby/dining area being quite contemporary. There is an area with four laptops for guests to access the internet. I paid 20dhs (AUD$5.90) for 1 hour and that can be used over a 24 hour period, although there are several other choices depending on the time required. Other staff in the dining room and on the door were also very helpful and accommodating. Our room was a good size, with a kitchenette, bar fridge, king size bed (very comfortable), plenty of hanging space in the wardrobe, as well as an iron and ironing board. You can self cater, but we found the food in the dining room really good and reasonably priced. The hotel is not in the real tourist area, but we enjoyed exploring the streets and shops, as well as taking a taxi to the Deira Shopping Mall (10dhs/AUD$2.95 + 5dhs tip-our choice). We didn't get the hotel staff to arrange any tours as we had already organized our own before we left Australia, but they can if needed. Our only negative comment would be about the smell of cigarette smoke coming into our room under the door, but it was probably more pronounced because we are non smokers. All in all, we would certainly recommend this hotel.	
Apr 2 2008 	Fantastic place to stay	My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights in March. For a three star hotel it is brilliant. The staff are so helpful and friendly. The hotel overall is extremely clean and tidy. The room was very good, apart from the shower which lacked a bit of pressure. The breakfast was okey. It did get a little boring, but for the price we paid for the hotel, we couldn't complain. The gym is good and the pool-side is fairly relaxing. Both of which are on the top floor. This hotel has been refurbished in recent years which made the staying that little bit better overall.The supermarket across the road was an extremely good source for bottled water. 1.50 AED for 2 litre. Compared to the 9 AED for a small bottle in the room mini bar.WOULD NOT HESITATE TO STAY HERE AGAIN.	
Apr 1 2008 	Not so great!	Booked the hotel 1 month in advance. I requested a double room non smoking as we were travelling with my 7 year old son and because smoking rooms always smell of stale smoke. Once we arrived we were shown to a room with 2 very small twin beds and were told that that was all that was available. We would have to push the two beds together and get another single bed brought to our room. This room was very small for 3 people. I complained immediately that this was not what I had booked and asked to be moved to a double room. I was told that there weren't any so I had to unfortunately complain again and was than taken to a double room which was a smoking room. This one was defenitely more spacious but unfortunately could't get away with the bad smell of stale smoke (even the showere curtain smelled!). The carpet was stained (room no. 501) as well. As I didn't want to complain again we stuck with it because we were only going to be there 3 nights. I was really shocked as the rest of the hotel was really nice. The lobby and restaurant were spotless and the complimentary breakfast catered for everyone, the staff however not so friendly apart from the porter who was exceptional. I have stayed in many hotels as I love to travel and have never booked anywhere without spending time doing the appropriate research to ensure a pleasant stay so I was really disappointed. The pool in the rooftop is small but again all you need if you don't intend in staying too long. The loungers however were old and it showed. They also had a fitness room that looked state of the art with good machines so why could they not spend a little more and get new loungers I don't know. The area is also not so nice but with plenty of restaurants nearby. There is also a big supermarket opposite which was really good. If you can afford to go and stay in a nicer hotel near the beach do, as it is worth it!	
Mar 14 2008 	excellent service	My husband was in Dubai for a conference and I flew out to join him a few days later - this hotel was excellent for a business trip as well as a city break. Hotel staff were exceptionally polite and helpful - the concierge tracked down our camera for us when we left it in a taxi - and also made recommendations for activities, including a Dhow cruise which we loved. The room was spacious and immaculate, and ours included a kitchenette, which we didn't use because eating out was fairly cheap. The terrace pool wasn't massive, but fine for the occasional dip we had after a day out sightseeing. Only downside - about 20 minutes drive to Jumeirah, and cabs can be tricky to find at times. That said, the concierge arranged private taxis for us which were only slightly more expensive and saved us standing by the edge of the road waving frantically! We'd recommend the Mazmar Beach Park rather than Jumeirah Beach Park from this hotel - shorter journey and just as nice.	
Mar 13 2008 	Great hotel...	We were a bit wary of staying in a 3* hotel but Rimal Rotana is more 4* than 3... Staff were friendly and helpful, rooms were cleaned everyday, towels replaced, beds made up etc. The only problem we had with the hotel was the lack of taxi's available - we had to order at least 30 minutes before we needed it and most of the times we still ended up waiting for one in the lobby area.. Breakfast was good but the overall menu for lunch/dinner was poor - it was the same menu whatever meal you wanted. There was a supermarket opposite which helped as the room had a kitchen area. Word of caution, they give you a complimentary bottle of water on the first day - we made the mistake of thinking this was a daily occurence and got charged for it when we checked out. Location was great - close to airport and it was easy to get to places after we got taxi's. Overall, we were impressed with the hotel and staff.	
Feb 23 2008 	Hot Hot Hot	Thinking of going to Dubai? Not quite sure if it will be the place for you? Will it be safe? If like me, all these thoughts were going through your head. Then I can assure you - you've got absolutely nothing to worry about.Hav'ing just spent 4 nights at the Rimal Rotana Suites. Where the staff are friendly and the concierge can't do enough for you. This is one of the safest places I have ever been to. ( Apart from the drivers - they're all raveing lunatics ).I was forced to come to the UAE on a business trip - but certainly wish I had come here years ago.I will definately be coming back with the family. But would probably stay in a beach hotel or nearer the marina.If your travelling on your own or as a couple then the Rimal Rotana is perfect. It's one of the most reasonably priced hotels. Clean rooms. Good Gym and nice pool (even though I didn't have time to use them). Food is good. Supermarket across the road. Even though you're on a busy road - there's hardly any noise.You're about a 20 minute walk from Deira shopping mall and about a 20 minute walk to the creek .With children you would be getting taxi's to most places and even though they are very cheap you might find yourself fed up with sitting in traffic all the time. This is the only reason I probably wouldn't chose this hotel as a family. Other than that I could not think of a bad word to say about the Rimal Rotana.If you do go to Dubai. Definately take the open top bus tour. One of the best ways to see DUBAI. One other thing. Take PLENTY of MONEY - This really is a shoppers PARADISE.........	
Feb 8 2008 	A great city hotel in Dubai	We have just returned from this hotel in Deira, Dubai where we had a great time. Our room was spacious with a large bathroom and small kitchenette. It was cleaned every day to a very high standard. Staff were friendly and helpful and all spoke good English. The hotel is only 10 mins drive from the airport, approx 30 mins walk from the creek, and about 15 mins walk to a large shopping mall and restaurants. It takes at least 45 mins by taxi to get to the beach in Jumeirah, mainly because of the constant traffic jams in the city. Our only criticism of this hotel would be that the breakfast buffet selection was pretty much the same every day, and was not of the standard that we would expect from a hotel of this class. Otherwise overall a good choice for a city holiday in Dubai.	
Jan 8 2008 	Excellent service and good value	Stayed at the Rimal Rotana Suites for end of Dec and first few days of jan 2008. Service at all times was excellent, the staff couldn't do enough for you. Breakfast (buffet) is served either indoors or outdoors depending on your preference. The rooms are a good size and clean. The pool area is small but we had no trouble getting a sun lounger. There was also a snack bar area at the rooftop pool from which you could order meals, drinks (non Alcoholic) etc. Overall a very pleasent stay and the location is very convienent for sightseeing trips, shopping etc.	
Jan 7 2008 	A Fantastic Holiday	A Fantastic Holiday. Never been away from home for New Year. Left wet and cold England on Boxing Day hubby and kids (9 and 17)in tow. Arrived early the next day and was able to check in our suite as soon as we arrived which was great as we'd travelled through the night. Staff were brilliant could not be more helpful or kind to us all. Room, well what can I say. We have stayed in other hotels in Dubai which were lovely but this was a suite consisting of two bedroom ours a very good size, two bathrooms, kitchen and living room. Brilliant when you have a teenager. Although there were not alot of children staying (more for business) and pool was quite small we found our kids still enjoyed themselves and we did the usual trips to Wild Wadi etc. Breakfast were lovely and so was the food throughout the day. In the heart of Dubai we found everything within walking distance and alot of nice restaurants. We will definetely be staying again at the Rimal Rotana and would not hesitate to recommend to our friends and family.	
Dec 16 2007 	5 star hotel at 4 star price	I stayed in a spacious guest room with a kitchenette at the Rimal Rotana Suites for the entire month of November and also rented the meeting room for 4 weekends for a 12 day NLP business training. From the moment I checked in to the time I left I received exceptional service. I have stayed in hotels (for business and pleasure) all over the world and I must say no hotel made me feel more welcomed than this one. The staff at most good hotels are professional, but the Rotana staff were both helpful and warm in there interactions with me and all of the staff called me by name from the first day. The breakfast (included in the room charge) was excellent with a wide variety of foods to choose from, and the lunches were great, too.I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again, it truly is a five star hotel at four star prices.Jerry SeaveyMindBridge International NLP Training Instute	
Nov 9 2007 	3 star hotel with 5 star people	We booked our 7 days trip at the hotel using an internet booking centre. Had to pay extra 20% from the rate. Still it is cheaper from the the local agent.Because of our numbers ie. 15 people, we were given welcome drink and swiftlt the room card key. The concierge sent in our luggages within 10 minutes.We booked studios and 2 bedroom suite - it both were impeccable during check in and during days of our stay. We also did some cooking and by next morning all of the dishes were cleared and arrange in a nice way.This hotel is only 3 star but the service is equal to a 4 star hotel. The best is actually the staffs specially the reception and the restaurant. The housekeeping dept can responds with 2-3 minutes after any request.The breakfast is okay with about 20 different selections... still hopefully they can rotate the menus daily.A point worth to mention is that the hotel is great because of the staffs, They were polite, chearful, friendly and always able to help and listen to you. A situation worth mention is the following: On the last day, we went to the Dubai Ski for some fun and only realised that one of us left her camera inside the snow jacket. When we approch the reception upon checking out, Grace duly called up Dubai Ski and were told we can collect it anytime. As our flight is departing within 2 hours, she even told us not to worry as she will personally go and collect and will send it back by post to Malaysia. We left in some cash for her taxis and postal cost. Later, we were informed by Malaysia Airlines that the flight was cancelled and we will be flying back on the next day. 5 hours later we return to the hotel, there it was, our camera is at the reception with the exact balance of the monies that we gave minus the taxi's ride that they have took to Emirates Mall( they gave us receipt).We will recommend this place to our friends. Will surely stay again.	
Oct 18 2007 	Excellent for business trips	i stayed in Rimal Rotana in last April, that was my first Rotana stayi shocked in their high standards even with this 4 stars hotel, this hotel very elegant, modern and economy, has only one cafe, in the heart of Deira District alot of hotels and restaurants around you, soif your meetings in that area go for it without thinking, but if yourmeeting in Sheikh Zaid Rd, it's better to stay in that area, since the transportation in dubai is not easy,	
Sep 6 2007 	Excellent!	From the moment we stepped into the hotel it was the most enjoyable experience, staff were lovely and very friendly! Rooms very clean and tidy! Breakfast is also delicious. Rooftop swiming pool and sauna/steam room, a FANTASTIC experience overall!	
Aug 24 2007	wonderful !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Stay there !!!!!!!!!!We stayed at Rimal Rotana for 7 days and we had a wonderful time. The staff is frendly and very professional. The room was cleaned up 2 times a day and it was very spacious with little kitchen. We have had NO problems. I really reccomend this Hotel. It is not expensive and the quality is high.STAY THERE !!!!!!!!!!!	
Jul 27 2007	What An Excellent Hotel 5* Standard!	We stayed at the rimal rotana suites for a total of 10 nights in a superior twin suite. This hotel was clean, modern and with excellent guest services. The staff at reception, the bell boys and the cleaning staff were amazing, they couldn’t do enough to help you. The transfers were a bargain at 60AED return although he did ask for a tip on dropping us back at Dubai airport, the cheek!! The rooftop pool was quiet all day with about 5 guests at a time but after 6pm it started getting busy due to the cooling temperatures at night. The pool is small but enough! The hotels rooms were clean and modern with all mod. cons including air conditioning (essential in Dubai), LG TV which was huge and climate control. The minibar was expensive with coke cans priced at £3 but this was expected at such services. The hotel was happy for us to have takeaway from Pizza Hut on our first night delivered up to the room with no charge, although we did tip. For two of us we paid a total of £1200 for the Air France flight via CDG (which was easy, and we are only 18 and 15!) and the hotel which was cheap for Dubai. Also, the position is excellent with taxi fares cheap in Dubai we went to the Mall of Emirates around 3 times with the fare at about 16£ return. Traveling by Taxi is the best and safest way although the taxis change their fares in the evening and if you’re stuck in a traffic jam which 10/10 times you will be, as everyone travels by car, you will pay a waiting car at 0.50AED per 2 seconds which can add a large amount to the total fare. Rimal Rotana Suites was all I expected it to be for a 4* hotel!	
Jul 25 2007 	Lovely hotel	-Helpful staff-Only 10min drive from airport-Good choice at breakfast-Modern and clean room-Great rooftop pool which was lovely in the evening-In a busy location but set away from the road so no traffic noise-Shops and restaurants all around and close to the main shopping mall 'Deira city centre' which is a must.-I recommend getting taxis to get to places like jumeria beach and the mall of the emirates which are both highly recommended. Malls like Wafi cantre and Burjuman were a bit of a let down though so not really worth a visit-If you need to get to the other side of the creek, get a taxi or one of the many abras (water taxis) which cost 1 Dirham which is the equivalent of 15p! Lovely way to see Dubai aswell and you get dropped of at a lovely old gold SoukConclusion-would definitely stay at Rimal Rotana again. Clean, modern, friendly and worth the money. If you want to be near all the sites then maybe this isnt the hotel for u unless you dont mind getting a taxi or walking. Other than that, this hotel was great!	
May 23 2007	Lovely hotel!!	This hotel is a really clean, modern hotel. It has lovely suites complete with a small kitchen and a 24 hour restraunt that served excellent food!! The staff were very helpful and very polite and the roof top swimming pool was perfect. There is a steam room and sauna in the gym area. The weather was far to hot though for a workout although everywhere was fully aircon.The only problem we had with this hotel was the location. It was miles away from any nightlife etc, the beach was miles away. It is very close to the airport- but I have to say that there was no air pollution at all.If you are making a short vist or are on business and require a relaxing place then this is the place for you!!!	
May 9 2007 	Avoid rush hour!	We've just come back from staying at this hotel for three nights. Lovely, clean room with king sized bed. The hotel has obviously been refurbished recently. Great range of food from the buffet breakfast. The pool was a bonus – a great way to end the day. Great if you get the pool to yourself – it's open tnil 10pm, along with the gym and sauna which are also on the top floor. Big supermarket across the road, to the right. Cheap local restaurant across the road. £7 for two people for entree, main and big bottle of water! The airport is nearby, but everything else is a 15-20 minute walk, if you're not travelling during rush hour. It took us an hour to get back back to the hotel one night when we caught a taxi from the marina at 6pm. Budget 50 dirhams for every trip in the taxi. Beware of the extra taxes at the hotel. We booked through lastminute.com so we were covered, but there was a German couple who were shocked to learn that they had to pay an extra 20% when they went to settle their bill.	
Apr 29 2007 	Far From the City-Close to the Airport	I had to stay in this hotel for 2 nights as all other alternatives were booked. The hotel is close to the airport (10 mins). I did not like the location as the building is in between other buildings so there is nothing to see outside the window (4th floor). The windows are small too. If you have to spend time in the hotel then don't choose this one.  You have to walk to the main road to get a taxi (2mins) or they can arrange private car. Deira City Center is said to be close to the hotel but you still have to get a taxi. I had to sleep with my ear plugs on because I am sensitive to the aircraft noise outside. Don't except any body lotion, and cotton pads. They supply only minimal needs. The breakfast was good. Rich variety of hot and cold buffet existed. No need to mention that this hotel is far from Jumeira or Sheikh Sayed Road so it is not convenient for people who want to do shopping or want to be close to the beach. It is good to stay only who have to stopover for a night and have to fly to another destination.	
Mar 15 2007	!!!!!Perfect!!!!	A freind and I stayed at Rimal Rotana Suites in January 2007 for 8 nights, and i have to say it was superb. I know im a bit late in writing this review but to be honest, ive just come across this excellent site today. We stayed in a twin studio on the 6th floor of this 7 story hotel located in deira. The room was quite spacious, i think 36sqm. It had all the amenities you would expect in a 4 star hotel. It had a nice sized Satalite Tv, a full mini-bar, hair dryer, A/C, bathtub/shower. Im sure there was more, i just cant remember.The staff where so helpful and always had a smile on there face, never hesitated to help. Always atended to quries within minutes.This hotel has a swiming pool on the rooftop and a few sunloungers, quite nice. It also has a restaurent on the ground floor with inside/outside seating area. This restaurent is open 24hrs so you can enjoy midnight snacks in your room.	
Mar 5 2007	A very pleasant stay	I stayed at this hotel for 17 nights at the end of February/early March.Every one of the staff could not have been more helpful and friendly, and the room was of a decent size and comfortable. Although the kitchen was there, I did not have any use for it. I'm not sure anyway about having a kitchen in the bedroom - how many of us would do that at home - but that's a personal thing.The satellite tv worked fine although some of the stations were a bit 'fuzzy' - a common problem I've found in Dubai over the years. During my stay, wireless internet was being installed for use in the rooms, a good idea as before that the only alternative was antiquated dial-up in the room or a couple of computers in the lobby.A big plus is that the restaurant in the lobby is open 24 hours, and the menu is reasonable. As another poster mentioned, there are other restaurants nearby, including a respected-by-locals one directly across the road. I personally liked the all white and glass aspect of the lobby/reception area. Very clean and airy. There is an outside terrace which is useful for smokers in particular, but there will be much of the year when that would not be an option because of the heat and humidity.There is little to attract westerners in the immediate vicinity, but more tourist-friendly malls are only 10 minutes away, City Centre in particular.No bar, but I discovered a Fiipino nightclub in a hotel behind the Rimal, called Metro Manila. I and my colleagues spent many happy evenings there, with entertainment provided by a couple of impressive groups consisting of musicians and energetic dancers. Decent price for the drinks too.This is certainly a hotel I would return to.	
Feb 18 2007 	Nice Modern Hotel: But Beware It's Dry!	We stayed here for a few days over New Year.The staff are very friendly and helpful, the two Concierges are real &quot;Mr Fixits&quot;.The rooms are clean and spacious and the kitchenette is a boon. The fridge came in particularly useful as this is a &quot;dry&quot; hotel with no bar! We were able to stock up with beers from the duty free in arrivals at the aiport. There are bars nearby within walking distance, however. There are plenty of satellite channels on the TV.We did not have a problem with the location, we walked and took taxis which were readily available. We also had a hire car for part of our stay, taking advantage of the free underground car park..There is a small gym on the top floor, together with a roof terrace and smallish pool. Considering the price of other Dubai hotels, this one is good value.	
Jan 19 2007	Nice clean hotel..	We booked in for xmas week at the Rimal. Its located in Diera which is a business/residential area in Dubai only a short 10-15 minute drive from the airport. The hotel was clean and the mini kitchen/bar was well equipped. We had a issue with the hot water running out whilst in the middle of a shower - only to be told to wait 30 mins for the tank to re-heat. This happened a couple of times :( , other than that the staff were friendly and helpful. The room and bathroom were nice and a good size.The location of the hotel is not the best and next time i would opt to stay near the beach. Taxi's can be an issue especially when you want to return to the hotel from elsewere in the city, if its during rush hour it can be a problem. * Tip - get into the taxi, sit and close the door before telling the driver where you want to go. If they still refuse, take their car/badge no. and get the hotel to report them as they are not allowed to rufuse to tkae you *We booked the hotel through [---}, and were not aware that a hotel tax would be added when we got there. We paid a tax around 20% on top of the i'net price.Overall a nice hotel for the money, but you do need to take taxi's to most places you would want to see.	
Jan 6 2007 	A good value hotel in a less hectic part of Dubai	This is a clean, modern, comfortable hotel in the business district of Deira. Its restaurant is not great, but there are many inexpensive and nice Lebanese, Egyptian, Iraqi and other cuisines a short walking distance from the hotel. Generally the service is good. The rooftop pool is quite small. It's not far from Dubai International Airport and the Deira City Center shopping mall, making the location even more convenient. On days that are not blisteringly hot, you can also walk to the Reef Mall and Al Ghureir Center. You can often book good rates on the Rotana site, Orbitz, Travelocity, and other internet sites.	
Jan 4 2007 	Good Hotel - Bad Location	We eventually found the hotel, which took an hour as the map from their website is rubbish - and this included phoning the hotel several times. Was quite funny in the end. The hotel rooms are clean, modern with breakfast bar and cooking facilities, bathroom is clean and spacious. Breakfast is in the lobby area, it’s all open plan, food not brilliant. Location - awful, you have to cross the Dubai creek, which has the worst traffic at certain times of the day for very long periods. We got stuck in traffic at 5pm and abandoned our attempt to get back to the hotel. After eating out and having a very long hot day we got back to the hotel around 10ish... By the way this traffic is everyday, no joke. Probably best to pick a hotel south of the creek, the hotel is great but the location will drive you insane.	
Dec 5 2006 	Great Value and Excellent Service	We stayed 5 nights here and were very impressed. It is situated in Deira which is a more &quot;local&quot; area of Dubai but taxis are just so cheap - £10 to get from one side of Dubai to the other (a 30 minute journey) it means that location doesn't really matter that much. The hotel has been recently refurbished and the rooms are lovely. We had a double room which has a little kitchen, 2 armchairs and flat screen TV. The interior is very tasteful and very very clean. The staff just cannot do enough for you, especially the concierge, who looked after us very well. We were 2 ladies travelling together and they couldn't do enough for us. They arranged a driver for us on our first day who drove us round for 4 hours for about £20 which was great to see the highlights of the city quickly.The breakfasts were great only £6 per head for a buffet breakfast. The swiming pool is tiny but enough to have a dip, and the gym although small had all of the necessary state of the art machines.We loved this hotel and would definately stay here again should we return to Dubai as it offers fantastic value for money and you feel like you are in a very comfortable hotel. Would recommend it highly!	
Sep 24 2006 	Nice hotel but too many problems	Nice hotel in reasonable location. Food in restaurant/cafeteria terribly overpriced for what you get. Some indescrepensies as well e.g. when we ordered coffee in the evening, we got 1 cup for Dh 8 as opposed to the pot of coffee that held about 3 cups that we got that morning for the same price. Upon arrival in our room after checking in we discovered that we received 2 twin beds as opposed to the booked and confirmed king bed. Reception's response was a very blase &quot;We dont have a king bed for you. Try again tomorrow and we will see if we have one then&quot;. We insisted on a king bed and were finally given one after several hours. Upon check-out, the reception staff seemed unable to operate the credit card machine and subsequently some errors occurred. When we kindly requested for the transaction to be voided, we were told in the same blase manner that they were not able to do it (!!!!) and they would send a fax to the bank and that &quot;it should be ok either in 48 hours or 14 days&quot;!!!! Was it not for the incompetance of the staff I probably would have stayed here again but frankly would rather not deal with the hassle again if I have a choice.	
Sep 15 2006 	Lovely Hotel very clean	This is a lovely hotel, quite near the airport but you are not bothered by plane noise - we barely heard them - although you could see them if you looked out. The staff here could not be more helpful. Everyone was very friendly. The rooms were spotless and well laid out with a small kitchenette and fridge. Room service was prompt, well presented and reasonably priced. There was plenty of choice for breakfast. I would happily recommend this hotel to anyone.Taxi fares in Dubai are very reasonable and the drivers are efficient and pleasant. The big bus tour was very interesting and can be booked from the hotel.	
Aug 23 2006 	Does not the money!	Been to Dubai for a business trip, late July for five nights and stayed in Rimal Rotana. The rooms are spacious and clean, but the furniture is pretty old and needs to be replaced. I was first given a room with a leak from the bathroom, after many calls to maintenance and many broken promises to fix as soon as possible I demanded to be transferred to another room. This time there was no leak but the TV did not work properly, lucky me I was not a TV guy.I got a king bed which was fine, there is a small kitchenette and a small sitting area. Location wise its about 10 mins max drive from the airport near Morkobat street. There are a couple of restaurants near the place. The neighborhood where Rimal is located is quite, you occasionally hear the plans takeoff from the near airport.But does not worth the US$ 150 per night, literally. I could have gone with Dusit on Sheikh Zayed Road instead.	
May 28 2006	Rimal Rotana....Service with a Smile		
May 25 2006	Great Hotel		
May 10 2006 	Very comfortable		
Apr 26 2006	Excellent Hotel		
Apr 20 2006	Fantastic. Great service clean and v. reasonable.		
Apr 17 2006 	Clean and Good Value For Money		
Apr 15 2006	Absolutely Lovely		
Jan 8 2006	Great alternative to a hotel		
Apr 20 2009 	buon soggiorno		
Nov 14 2008 	Très bon hotel		
Mar 10 2008 	Impeccable		
Jan 3 2008 	Un séjour inoubliable		
Nov 28 2007 	Rimal Rotana Dubai - probably one of the nicest hotels in Dubai		
Apr 26 2007 	Das Rimal Rotana war eine Super-Alternative		
