Jul 3 2008 	OK Hotel as long as you avoid the food	Stayed here for 2 nights on a stopover in June 08. Room was a standard double and had just been renovated - the whole 7th floor has just been redone - they had done a good job.Agree with a previous reviewer that the shozers are freezing, i complained and must have got a different staff member as i was told that &quot;we always turn off the hot water because tourists like it cold when in Dubai&quot;... He showed us the lever to turn the hot water back on and that was that.Location is OK, the pool is tiny but...3 restaurants in he hotel all themed &quot;American&quot;, translation pizza, steak, burger: Was too tired to do anything else on the first night so ate there and spent the next two weeks of my holiday suffering from food poisoning.	
Jun 1 2008	Pleasantly Surprised!	We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights as a stopover coming back to Scotland from Mauritius. Having read some of the previous reports I was a little concerned. However all we wanted was somewhere fairly reasonably priced close to the airport.We arrived at the hotel at 8am. Although check-in isn't until 2pm we were given our room by 9am. When we entered the room we thought there was some mistake. Seems we were upgraded to an 'Executive Suite' - not bad for £60 a night.!We had a dining room/lounge and seperate bedroom with seating area and two bathrooms. It was a pity we weren't staying longer to make the most of it. The room was very clean. We were on the corner of the main Al Rigga Road and although you could hear some noise, it didn't keep us awake. We also didn't hear any aircraft noice apart from the odd helicopter. Coming from the middle of the countryside and not used to any noise, we didn't take bad with this at all.Breakfast was plentiful and tasted good. We only ate their one morning as we had booked into the Burj Al Arab for breakfast as a treat on the 2nd day - which cost more than our two night stay at this hotel!We met friends who were staying down on Jumeriah Beach and their hotel was lovely, very plush, although they paid the price for it.I think this was a great hotel for business and a short stopover in Dubai. If you want luxury you have to pay for it.	
May 16 2008 	Good beds breakfast 	I stayed there for 2 nights in February and I wasn't impressed. The room I was given was in the corner of the buiIding and was not soundproof at all. On top of this it was below the aircrafts route and as a result I couldn't get some decent sleep! The room itself was not good, very very narrow (the bed would just fit), and the TV, chair etc were jammed in the corner, not functional at all. The bathroom was decent in size but very outdated, I did not expect at all such an old fashioned shower ...On the good side, the bed was very confortable.The breakfast was good, although the pastries and croissants were far far from being fresh. The buffet lunch was excellent though! The staff were OK. If you are staying at Deira I recommend the Traders hotel.	
Feb 27 2008 	Reasonable value for money	We stayed at the Hawthorn during a one-night layover (25-02-2008), returning with Emirates airlines from the Maldives to Germany.We didn't want to spend too much money on a hotel (so we would have more left for the mall...) as it was just a layover and we were not going to spend any time in the room other than showering and sleeping. The room was nice and comfortable for our purpose. Mini gym on the 7th floor only open during certain hours.Disposal bin in the bathroom was broken and the safe was locked, a few minutes after we checked in (around 16:00) we called the reception and asked for someone to come up and open the safe - but nobody ever showed up.General hotel information was not present in the room (breakfast times, gym opening times, ect...)Breakfast was good and included a few middle-east snacks which brought back memories....Talking about middle-east memories : the IBM (inshalla, bukra, mumkin) mentality is evident.We had a blast at the Deira mall and found Dubai absolutely amazing !!	
Jan 10 2008 	Good value for stop-overs	We stayed two nights in this hotel, as we were returning from Europe to Australia. We didn't want to spend too much money as we were not there for holidays. So the hotel was clean and well air-conditioned.There are two things we didn't like- the restaurant downstairs serve horrible food, catching a taxi is a nightmare during the day. But the hotel had free airport shuttle and also for shopping centre/city centre shuttle.We were happy overall.	
Dec 27 2007	worst hotel i have stayed uptil now	I wont recommend this hotel to anybody. Very noisy place, looks like the windows also are not sound-proof. The staff at the reception don't care whether you are having a pleasant stay or not. Since we were not satisfied with our room, we asked for another room, they turned a deaf ear to our request. The water kettle was leaking. The room is extremely small. That's the worst hotel i have been to. The price also is very expensive for the service they give. I wont rate that a 4-star but a 2-star.	
Oct 22 2007 	A Pleasant Surprise	Not pleased at the hotel I was staying at in downtown Dubai, I decided to take a walk at 2am in the morning to check nearby hotels. The Hawthorn was the closest. I walked in, enquired about the rates and asked Reception to show me the room. There was a world of difference between the two hotels (both rated at 4-Star). I moved in next day and was upgraded. It terms of location, room and service, the Hawthorn is the top of the 4-Star range. Staff were very helpful. The room rate was also great considering it is Dubai’s high season. The restaurant and night club were both nice and very reasonably priced. Internet service was very reasonably priced (must be the cheapest in Dubai) and very reliable. I would strongly recommend this hotel.	
Sep 18 2007 	The showers were too cold.	After a three month backpacking adventure through Europe I was ready for some luxury Dubai-style and splashed out (as much as one can when they're down to their last dollar) and stayed at the Hawthorn Hotel. Dubai is body-meltingly hot in August and I was more than glad to when I arrived at the air-conditioned Hawthorn Hotel. However, I was not so impressed with the frosty attitude I got from the Reception Staff. Granted they weren't overtly rude, but I was tired, sweaty and gross and just wanted to go to my room and lie down. They bashed away at their keyboards for an eternity, took my passport and and gave me a keycard. When I asked a simple question about breakfast the staff member could not speak english (she was Scandinavian). My room was nice, yes. The was no view to speak of, but Dubai city isn't exactly the Hanging Gardens of Babylon anyway. My only real complaint is the bathroom. I know Dubai is hot, but despite that once you're in the room with the air-con on you do chill down a bit and you might want a hot shower or bath at some stage. My shower did not dispense hot water. In fact none of the taps had hot water. In addition, regardless of the fact the roof-top pool is listed as &quot;refreshing&quot; it's not. It's on the roof and it's bloody hot up there! The rest of the staff were very hospitable, the breakfast was very elaborate and there's a brilliant jeweller on site. The hotel is no-where near anything you might want to see in Dubai (unless of course you want to see roadworks) but there are taxis. Whether or not the taxis show up is another matter entirely, so be prepared to wait even if the hotel calls them.	
Sep 17 2007 	Nice Hotel With Nice Rates	The Hawthorn seems to be a relatively new hotel with new furnishings. The front desk staff were quite nice, but you have to fill out a registration form although your information is already in their computer. The room was well equipped with a mini-bar, nice linens, large shower, and good bath products. I ordered an iron, at no-charge of course, it was there within fifteen minutes. The lounge called the 49ers was great, good food and around ten a band from Bulgaria started with nice music, although a bit loud. The food was good in the lounge and reasonably priced. The concierge was friendly and assisted me in getting a taxi on the day of my departure flight. All in all, a good hotel for $120 a night. Good price in Dubai, I will be staying there again in October.	
Aug 20 2007 	Life in a Building Site	August really isn't the time to visit here unless you 45c plus heat. There is so much building going on that everything is covered in a layers on dust &amp; sand. The hotel has a railway station being built right out the front but inside is OK. Front desk staff are pleasant but seem to take for ever to book you in &amp; check you out. Our room was large and well appointed. Bathroom was clean with all that you would expect. Suprised to learn that the balcony door was lock for my protection as we were on the fifth floor. Some minor problems, no towels one day, tv controls not working, toilet dripping but all were sorted out. buffet style breakfast was great [ ask the cook for eggs the way you want] and the wait staff friendly.	
Jun 9 2007 	Unhappy at Hawthorn	Arriving at the Hawthorn at 3am we expected that our Room would be ready but surprise, surprise it was not. Ater a 15 minute wait while they made up the spare bed for our daughter the room was finally ready. Our booking did state that it was to be a triple room. On getting into to our room we found the only way to flush the toilet was we had to take the lid off the cistern and flush it this way. On waking the next morning we discovered there were only two towels for three of us. After 2 phone calls and a visit to the front desk we finally got an extra towel. But the saga does not end there. Every time they changed our dirty towels they only left us two. After 3 frustrating days they finally got it right the day before we left. We called and reported the toilet not working properly to the front desk and man arrived to fix it just as we left to go out. On arriving back we discovered the toilet still not work properly. I finally fixed the toilet myself.The hand rail in the shower was loose and the handle used to release the plug in the hand basin fell apart every time you used it.To us the bathroom seemed if it had been made with cheap products and showdy workmanship.On a positive side the room was clean and the staff in the Restaurants and at the breakfast buffet were very friendly.We did fill out the customer survey before leaving and made our feelings about the hotel room felt.Unfortunately with the problems we did have with the room I will not be recommending this hotel to anyone and have advised our Travel agent of the problems we experienced.	
Apr 15 2007 	A Good Hotel	Spring break 2007, we decided to see Dubai. It's our first time in this part of the Persian Gulf. The free shuttle pickup at the airport was not there when we arrived so I had to call the hotel who sent one immediately. First impression of Hawthorn Deira was so-so, even thought of transfering if we found something better. The room was not yet ready but the front desk was nice enough to upgrade us to a junior suite. There was subway construction going on outside the hotel so it was not a pretty sight. Our junior suite on the 6th floor was spacious, clean, nice and very comfortable. There was a sitting area. The bathroom was modern and done in ceramic tiles throughout. There were plenty of cabinets. There was a big desk and the free internet provided was great. The window opened to the next building which was not a nice view but we didn't mind. The hallways are bright, nicely decorated, and clean. We slept right away as we were jetlagged. We took the Dubai Creek Dinner Cruise that evening and it was a great start to our fun vacation. The morning breakfasts were included and it was good with the usual stuff and an omellete bar. Breakfast menu was the same everyday. By the 2nd day, we tossed the idea of moving to another hotel because we found out that our hotel was really very good after all. The location is central and very accessible. There are plenty of restaurants and shopping a few blocks away. Once the subway construction gets done in the future, Al Rigga Road in front of the hotel, is a nice road to walk. We felt safe. The Abu Dhabi Commercial Bank is across the street from the hotel and I use the ATM there everyday. Everything in Dubai is expensive, forget being tax free, everything is not cheap. Hotel, shopping, gold, food, restaurants, tours, etc., prepare to pay more. Taxi is the only reasonable thing in Dubai. Aside from 22K gold jewelry, they have a lot of beautiful jewelry designs in diamonds &amp; gemstones you'll find in the malls mostly. The gold souk had more gold jewelry. Again, not cheap. Unfortunately, Dubai prides itself on its tall buildings &amp; malls but forget to emphasize the importance of their culture, heritage and history. Coming from the States, who wants to see another mall or tall building? They have the Dubai Museum but I felt that they should do more with this than anything else if they want to attract tourism. I can't believe that part of their city tour includes the malls. Duh! They have big malls but only a few worth visiting because they are different. They are Wafi Mall, Souk Madinat Jumeirah, Ibn Battuta Mall, and the Mall of the Emirates. You'll find the indoor skiing at the Mall of the Emirates. It was interesting but I imagined it to be bigger. We paid $145 for a buffet dinner just so we can enter the famed so-called 7-star Burj Al Arab Hotel in Jumeirah. It is not open to the public unless you are staying or dining there. It is all hype. The hotel is overrated. It is not all that. The lobby was not impressive and it was small. The hotels in Las Vegas are far better. The buffet was not even gourmet. Of course, we didn't see the rooms but I have a coffee table book of this hotel where they show the different rooms. The decor is too garish, loud &amp; outdated for my taste. Oh well, we just had to find out for ourselves. So my advice, save your money. The Wild Wadi Water Park was very nice. Riding all-terrain vehicles in the sand was a lot of fun. The highlight of our trip was the trip to Abu Dhabi and the Desert Safari. Abu Dhabi is nicer than Dubai without the traffic problem. It is 77 miles southwest of Dubai and an easy ride passing thru Sheikh Zayed Road where all the tall buildings are being constructed in a row, catching a glimpse of the soon-to-be tallest building in the world, the Burj Dubai and stopping by at Marina City. Ooops, I think I just gave you my entire take on Dubai beyond Hawthorn Deira. I'm glad we came here, we learned a lot. It was a very good vacation and one we'll treasure.	
Feb 9 2007	Great place	I am actually a travel agent myself, however, I booked this through a wholesaler, as I would do for my clients. I booked a package which included transfers and a couple of tours and I was met at the airport as specified. Admittedly, I did have to wait a while for the transfer to leave, as they grouped me with someone that was at a hotel near mine, and those passengers for some reason took forever to get through customs! Anyways, I arrived at my hotel and was very happy with the hotel and the room. It was a good size, bathroom was decent size and the hotel was lovely. Good location, walking distance to the souks etc and close to the airport. Great breakfast in the morning, I love it when someone cooks an omelette for me! I was originally supposed to be staying at the Ascot, but after reading reviews on this site, changed my mind, and I'm glad I did!I mentioned the bit about being a travel agent, as the hotel didn't know this, so it was great to be able to write a good review as any other customer.I would recommend the city of merchants tour and the sundowners dune dinner tour which involved some dune bashing in 4WD's, then a traditional Arabic dinner after sunset. Fantastic!	
Jan 4 2007	Excellent Stopover Hotel	Stayed here for a two night stopover en route from Australia to UK, arriving at 3 am in late December.Spacious, clean, comfortable modern hotel with very helpful staff. Surprisingly quiet (apart from the wake-up call from the Mosques which could presumably be heard all over the City). Decent and reasonably priced self-service restaurant with wide range of food. Lots of restaurants on the street outside as well. Set mainly in business area with a 25 minute walk past small shops &amp; restaurants down to the water-taxis on the Creek or use the incredibly cheap taxis to get around.Never even got to see the pool on the top floor but will certainly stay there again.	
Jul 6 2006 	Fantastic!	We booked this hotel from the hotels main website and we payed about 66 euros per room per night including breakfast, taxes extra 20 % approx. We booked this hotel as we were relocating to dubai and expeted a cheap budget hotel but boy was i in for a surprise, as soon as we pulled up n the taxi we were met by porters who greeted us and took our luggage. We were so amzed by the decor of the lobby that we were convinced we were in the wrong hotel however it turned out we were in the write hotel. The check in process took only a minute and the reception staff were very nice, from here we obviously went to our room where again we were greatly surprised by the size of the room and all its facilities such as large bathroom, tea/coffe making faciliies, flat screen tv, free internet access, mini bar and wonderful decor.I highly reccomend this hotel and even though its in the city it would make a great base for the pefect sun holiday, the hotel also boasts a nght club with a great bar including a great selection of beers and spirits to choose from as well as a fantastic dance floor.There are many resaraunts to choose from and the food is very tasty and great portions.There is also a roof top pool and a gym in the hotel and there are many restaraunts available on the street where the hotel is.	
Mar 8 2008 	Hawthorn Hotel Deira war ???		
