May 13 2009 	If you dont have high standards this hotel is just right for you!	I went on holiday to Dubai in the begin of may 2009, with my partner, son and 10 other family members and friends. I was really looking forward to it as I had heard so much about the place and it was the first time we were taking my 4 year old son on holiday. we arrived at Dubai airport and are pick up which was arranged through the hotel was late, we had to phone the hotel to find out what was happening, they told us that it will be there in 15 minutes, we ended up waiting an hour in total from the time we come through customs. when he finally turned he realised there was not enough room in the minibus as there was 12 people which also meant 12 suitcases and 10 hand luggages, so he had to call for another mini bus, which there should of know already cause of the number of us in the group. We then finally arrived at the hotel and was given our room keys and had to give them are passports which we had to live with them for them to scan them, which I found quite odd. Finally got to our rooms at first glance the room looks OK. the room had a smell like damp, holes in the chairs, the room was not suitable for 2 adults and a child, there was just a king size bed in the room, we requested a bed for my son, the bedroom was small so they could not fit another bed in it which means they would be putting it in the front room, when they did come up with the bed, it turned out to be a cot. my son is 4 years old and not a baby how can you expect me to put him to sleep in a cot. with in also this time we had been up down to reception to complain about 5 times. They finally told us some other rooms well be free in the morning about 12 noon and we will be able to look at them and change room. while this was going on other people in are group were having the same or worst problems, bathroom dirty, fridge rusty, smelly rooms, no hot water, and also after moving rooms three times they still wasn't happy. i was going to wait till the morning to see what else was on offer. But same members of are group was so unhappy about the room they had that they were not prepared to sleep the night there, so they rang up the booking company in England and made a complaint. with in a hour they were taken to view a different hotel 2 minutes away called the Jormand Hotel which was cleaner and nicer then the Richmond hotel. so the next morning we were all transferred to the Jormand hotel [----] My advise if you going to Dubai for holiday to relax go to Jumeirah beach hotel it might be more expensive but in the long run it would be better cause you don't have to pay a lot on taxi fares every day to go to the beach. If you going to Dubai to shop for gold, knock of goods, etc and you like fast food and you just need a base to sleep at night and leave you stuff this is the place for you.	
Apr 21 2009 	Location and Quality	Very reasonable and convenient hotel apartments in the City. Located centrally in the Mankhool area it provides easy access to the Bur Dubai area and the Sheikh Zayed area.Recommended because is a very quiet and clean area.Staying here with kids is not a problem because of the strict admission policy that the hotel has i.e no hanky panky stuff going on. Overall a great stay.	
Apr 18 2009 	Richmond Hotel	Not a bad deal for a 3 star hotel. Staff was very good including room service but the hotel private cab was a rip off at times. Pool size was very small.The gym didn't have a lot of choice. A good clean hotel with everything working fine in the bedroom, bathroom, kitchen and the main hall. I would definetely like to come back to this hotel again in the near future.	
Feb 21 2009 	This hotel is not recommended	Please read reviews before even contemplating staying here, it does not do what it says on the packet. this hotel is run by suits, (sometimes 5 a time behind reception) all trying to do their bit to ruin your holiday by penny pinching. the breakfast is a joke either eggs or croisants &quot;no deviation&quot; ,The resturant staff are surly and unhelpful the modern kichenette is a hotplate, microwave, 2 cups 2 knives, 2 plates etc; if your lucky! only tepid water in bathroom, you need to get up early if you want a sunbed, 4 when i left this morning. the shuttle to airport is not &quot;free&quot; get a taxi its cheaper. Only redeeming feature are houseboys who for a small tip (voluntary) will do there utmost to help you.Tips: dubai is a great place try to get somewhere near beach to use as a base, Please visit jumeirah beach park, a great place for kids. only use official taxis, unlicensed taxisare a con, enjoy this beautiful place.	
Feb 12 2009 	Dubai?? more like Delhi	I wanted a nice romantic week away with my wife, we thought of Canneries etc but always wanted to go to Dubai, heard so many good things about it... unfortunatly we were not impressed and quite frankly glad to get home after a week.The hotel Richmond apartments were good and we were impressed with the size of the rooms, large bedroom, usual bathroom, kitchen and large lounge area. We had a dulux suite which they upgraded to us for free, not sure why, they must have had a reason. It was very clean and had cleaning every day with new towels and sheets. The workers there were very pleasent and friendly. The bad points were the restaurant...buffet breakfast which was included, for 3 of the days we didnt bother we were allowed to spend 15dhm each, for that you got 3 slices of toast an egg and 1 sachet of butter and 1 jam oh and a tea or coffee. The restaurant was run by indians who were more intrested in watching the TV then serving or clearing the tables, its like they are thinking we got paid already by the hotel for each person and just couldn't care. Beware.Secondly, they advertise courtesy bus from airport, they will take you for 50dhm but get a taxi only 25dhm.All in all Dubai very expensive but that could be due to the pound, (5dhm to 1 gbp) at this time. full of indians spitting everywhere, oh and be carefull if you drive out there they will cut you up like you never seen before. As for the Richmond ok if used as a base.	
Jan 20 2009 	you would have to have SERIOUSLY low expectations to be happy here	*arranged for a hotel pick up which was supposed to be free [wasn't] provided my flight number and terminal details for collection. waited over an hour for the collection, called the hotel 4 times and eventually given the number of the driver. the hotel refused to call him on my behalf. the driver who spoke no english and i couldnt understand him at all. eventually he arrived and told me that he was waiting at terminal 1 [there were NO emirates flights to terminal 1 at this stage] there was another passenger who was arriving on a flight an hour later than mine who i was sharing with. dont bother with the pick up, a cab is £5 - £10 and a whole lot faster and plentiful.*checked in to a very dirty room, grease all over the kitchen, dirty bathroom, no coathangers, no cutlery, 1 plate, no glasses, 1 cup [all filthy and covered in grease]*moved to an 'executive suite' the next day which was somewhat better and cleaner. still no coat hangers. 1 glass. 1 plate. 1 knife..... [still dirty] and filthy pan.*all tap water is warm. no hot. no cold. no pressure in shower.*the only cold water is in the pool.*pool area floor is beyond filthy. many cracked tiles around the pool and very easy to slip because of the layer of grime. if you have kids you should give it a miss.*pool is open...... sporadically.*gym. forget it. *two pool loungers. dirty and broken. 2 pool chairs [same]*restaurant. honestly don't bother [shudder]*wifi access. pretty much doesnt work. they charge £10 for a 24 hour pass. they re-issue used passes and try to claim its your fault. when you complain and ask for a new pass, they just take the old one and put it back at the bottom of the pile of 'new' ones.*they demanded half of my reservation fees 2 days into a 9 day stay on the proviso that they needed the money for 'cash flow' when i said i wanted to pay by credit card they said they wanted cash. at the end of my stay their card facilities were down. it took a long time to check out and it took them 3 attempts to give me an accurate invoice. *reception staff = elitist beyond belief and clearly take enjoyment in taking advantage of guests. very unhelpful. smug. unwelcoming.just dont	
Oct 13 2008	Avoid this Corrupt Racist Hotel	Booked online via AsiaRooms.com, obtaining a 2 night stay for US$ 122 per room per night inclusive taxes.Arrived to be told they had no record of my reservation. Pulled out the printed confirmation, but after 20 minutes the lady receptionist said they had not received it. She told me they have rooms available, at US$190 - exactly the same room type I booked. They would not listen to my protests and clearly enjoyed the &quot;do not care&quot; and snobby attitudue of putting someone through a stressful frustrating time.I was about to give in, when an indian gentleman arrived to check-in - and guess what - at the rate of US$122. I pointed this out and the lady told me the lower rates are only for Indian nationals, as Europeans can afford to pay more. I was now at boiling point and asked to see the manager, who was either conveniently not around, or who is not bothered anyway. I left and booked into an Apartment hotel just down the road.I just wished I'd read this site review before booking!!	
Mar 1 2008 	Poor Customer Service :(	I was picked up by the minibus provided by the hotel and I checked in early. All was good at the early stages, however I was disappointed when I went to the room and found that there was grease stains on the tiles in the kitchen and dirt/grime around the tap. This put me off cooking there. I then proceeded to the bathroom room and the toilet bowl was not cleaned properly and there was faeces splashed all aound it. I asked for someone to clean this up. They did this quick quickly. When I went back down to reception I was asked for payment straight away and given no explanation why this was needed. The receptionist was quite rude. I gave my passport to be scanned when I arrived, it took 6 hours for them to return it to me. However, they asked for it again and was not given a reason for this. There were also a lot of cooking smells in our room as the ventilation was poor. The staff are quite arrogant and rude and as it was the Dubai Shopping Festival we could not find anywhere esle to stay. The male staff were rude especially to females but not as much to men.	
Feb 4 2008 	Dismal place - rude staff	Got to the hotel after a long flight from Istanbul. We had booked for a Studio. The receptionist Michelle, told us that since no studios were available she would upgrade us to a One bed apt. We were naturally very happy &amp; checked into the apartment. After crashing out for a couple of hours, as we had travelled throughthe night, we woke up, unpacked &amp; had our showers. At this point (3hours after we had checked in) Michelle, the receptionist, calls &amp; says, that the studio is now available &amp; to please check out &amp; move to the new room! We were put off &amp; told her that we had already unpacked &amp; we were tired after our long flight &amp; it was grossly unfair to ask us to do so in such a short period. She vociferously insisted that she had told us that she was only giving us the room for a few hours &amp; we now had to move. If she had told us that, we would not have unpacked &amp; made ourselves comfortable- she was blatantly lying to cover up some mistake from her side. She kept insisting howver &amp; said that another person had already paid for the suite we were in &amp; so we agreed to move to the studio.We moved to the studio &amp; left for shopping etc. &amp; only came back latenight. That's when we discovered, the bathroom door did'nt shut, theshower had no force at all, water came out in a drip, flush did'nt work &amp; the safe in the room did'nt work as well. We called reception, dear Michelle again &amp; told her about the faults. Her first reaction was to tell us that the previous tenant of the room had not made any complaints!We asked her to come to the room &amp; check for herself if she thought wewere making it up. She immediately said she was not allowed to do so,but grudgingly said that she would send the maintenance people up. 3calls &amp; 2 hours later no sign of any. we went down &amp; told her that no one had come &amp; all she could say was 'I've told the maintenance people, if they dont come what can I do?' - her exact words. What were we supposed to do? We told her that we were going out &amp; if the room was not done by the time we returned, we would be checking out - her reaction - 'upto you'. No apologies, no assuarances.We did try to get rooms elsewhere, but as it was the wekend &amp; the DSFwas on we had no luck anywhere &amp; we were forced to stay there. The flush was the only thing fixed &amp; the maintenance people told us that the shower was faulty &amp; short of changing it nothing could be done. My conclusion is that the room they gave us was up fpr maintenance &amp;therefore was not available when we checked in. Later due to somemix-up, we were forced to move &amp; had to put up with this crappy room. No one from the management side apologised or told us that things would be put right.Rooms are dated, but of decent size. Bathroom tiles were mouldy, carpet had stains. Location is terrible as you never get taxis anywhere. Cant imagine what it would be like in summer.Stay away from this hotel - charmless, dated &amp; rude rude staff.	
Mar 20 2005 	Not A Home From Home	Richmond Hotel Apartments are located just off Mankhool Road in Bur Dubai, and just about squeak in to being an acceptable location. They are within walking distance of the bars and restaurants, providing you are there during the cooler months of the year, in the height of summer you would have to rely on taxis, especially if you wish to drink alcohol.A buffet breakfast is offered, but no other food is available; however, several restaurants offer “home” delivery. My “executive suite” had a fridge-freezer, two-ring electric hob, and a reasonable amount of cutlery, plates, pots and pans, etc. to allow some cooking.Only the bedroom of the suite had natural lighting, which made it a dismal place during the day. The rooms are serviced daily, with sheets, pillowslips and towels being replaced. There is a laundry service on offer, but this is sent out, so do not rely on having your shirt washed and ironed overnight, or your suit cleaned and pressed. However, there was a twin-tub washing machine in the bathroom, although neither an iron nor an ironing board was provided.The Richmond Hotel Apartments cannot be considered a “home from home” and the tourist should be able to obtain better accommodation in an hotel.	
Mar 20 2005 	A éviter radicalement		
