Sep 27 2009 	I would not recommend	I got an offer through booking.com 1080 AED for 4 nights which make the first negative impression of the reception, and I asked them thaat I would like to get the same ofer for my uncle if possible otherwise I will look for any other alternative, they accept hardly..then I told them that I want to stay one more night with the same rate if possible, firstly they accepted (reception's night shift ), on the other day they refused (day shift) and I told them that the other colleagues accepted the request, then they became upset and begajn to think about an idea to accept without loosing money( his name is Richard), so they manipulated with the rates and added 110 AED to the last night. ZIQO is another Hotel against chealsi would be better..	
Jun 2 2009 	an oasis in the desert	u can find touch of the gulf , india &amp;the far east. food was excellent ambeinece was good,service was perfect	
Sep 14 2008 	Reasonable value for money option to stay in Dubai	First to mention - hotel changed its name into Country Club Hotel Dubai.The hotel is not wow, actually nothing to do with all great hotels around Jumeirah, even Deira etc. But for given price we paid it's very good option how to stay in Dubai.The rooms are quite ok - Indian, little overdecorated style, huge, with nice, new bathrooms.The breakfast is good enough to fill stomach in the morning. Reception quite slow and not really helpful. But I wouldn't mind to take my family there at all. (This is my usual criteria for acceptable and not acceptable hotel)The location is not great either, no nice views, just roads and other rather older buildings aroundSo I would say good value for money (we paid 350 AED in July, 400 AED in August 08 for double with breakfast), which is great price for Dubai	
Mar 23 2008 	Awful	Really poor location, right on a very busy highway. Staff at reception rude and not at all helpful after a big mix up with my hotel reservation. I didn't eat breakfast so I cant comment on the catering. Taxis were really difficult to come by. I had to wait a long time for one to arrive. The worst complaint though has already been raised by previous reviewers. LOUD music being played until 0300 regardless of a request to please turn the music down. A really poor hotel and I would never stay here again.	
Feb 6 2008 	Not a great hotel and the staff made it even worse	First, the hotel lobby smelled musty and looked old. The rooms were not much better but bearable. The bathrooms were clean. I didn't eat there because the floor of the hotel restaurant (adjoining the business center) was sticky. I also had significant problems with the internet. When I got there, the young ladies at the reception desk were rude and did not smile at all. They also complained loudly about the 'stupid' customers calling them and asking them 'very stupid' questions. Definitely not welcoming. I could not access the internet in my room and the reception offered no support whatsover. I went downstairs to the lobby and asked for help or a refund. They initially refused to do either. I then went to the business center. The only thing going for them was the lady there. I believe her name was 'Miss Blossom'. She was helpful when the hotel's own computers didn't connect to the internet. She let me use her computer (I had 2 urgent emails to send) at no charge. The only other helpful person was a young man at the reception (I only saw him once) who helped me get a taxi.The hotel is close to a nice mall. That is one of it's only highlights.I don't recommend this hotel at all. Especially not for the price.	
Jan 17 2008	Enjoyed our stay	Have seen a lot of the reports on here - certainly our experience was not the same.We arrived a lot earlier than we were able to officially get to our rooms - on reception they arranged this for us.Breakfasts had a choice wide enough for most - found the staff pleasant - especially if you were with them.Smoking in the bar could be a problem - however there are 3 bars.The Phillipino bar is lively with a group who are energetic and not short on talent.Rooms have ample space. Hotel was clean and tidy and had a wonderful Indian restaurant where the authentic food was extremely good - and entertainment provided by an Indian group was good but not intrusive.Comments about taxis are valid - and they certainly weren't easy to come by as the hotel is set slightly back from the main road.If you want a cosy hotel this one will do. I would go back there as the amenities they offer for a smallish hotel were acceptable	
Jan 6 2008 	Never Again	The hotel staff are rude and slow. The rooms were OK but the room we had was above the disco that played loudly until wee hours of the morning. Even when I rang the front desk to have the music turned down I was told he would ask and ring me back - I'm still waiting for his phone call. If you smoke and love watching soccer this is the best hotel for you. I think I have got lung cancer from just sitting and having one drink before dinner. Something needs to be done about the air conditioning system as all you could do was cough from the smoke. It's a wonder the smoke alarms didn't go off. You can tell I'm a non-smoker. The location of the hotel is terrible unless you need to go to hospital or you want to walk around the 'new gold souk' which is so dead it would be a miracle if it is still in business when you get there. Food was average. Would never recommend anyone in my family to stay there.	
Dec 12 2007 	Just OK!	Take your own wash cloths because the Chelsea doesn't have any! The room was nice and clean and I have no complaints about it whatsoever. The staff is TIRED of dealing with guests but they do smile and call you ma'am. The hotel is NOT within walking distance of ANY other place except a hospital. Speaking of which, there is a brand new hospital with a 24hr Emergency Room right next door....this, I think, is a plus. One must taxi everywhere if he/she does not have a rental car. The &quot;travel desk&quot; coordinator only has TWO recommendations for &quot;things to do while in Dubai&quot;; thus, the Leisure magazines placed in the room were extremely helpful. The lobby is nicely furnished and there are lots of restaurants to choose from within the hotel. I arrived at the Chelsea around noon and didn't get checked-in until well after 2 pm. Knowing that I would have to taxi everywhere, I probably wouldn't stay here again.	
Dec 1 2007 	chelsea hotel	the hotel is situated a long way from everything on a noisy motorway ( next to industrial area ) and is quite expensive on taxi fares.the rooms are spacious and clean, the pool is on the roof with no view, makesure you dont go during ramadan as no restuarants are open during the day which makes holidaying very difficult.Staff very friendly and food was good.	
Nov 16 2007 	Best suited for Business Travellers	Stayed at the Chelsea as a convenient location for a business trip. The hotel is only around a ten minute drive from the airport and handy for business meetings. The rooms are large and reasonably comfortable and breakfast is more than adequate.The location is not great if you want to go to the coast or over to the Marina since you will need to take a taxi everywhere. That said, you can get taxis easily and they are very cheap.The pool is 12m long and is OK for a short stay but it is not exactly the kind of environment for relaxing.All in all the hotel is very good value for money and very suitable for business travellers on a budget.	
Nov 13 2007 	Good hotel but a long way out of town	We stayed here on an Emirates stopover and stayed for 3 nights. The hotel was OK, but it was a long way from the city/coast areas and you had to take a taxi to go anywhere. Our room was spacious and the bathroom a good size. We had no hot-water for a day as the system broke down - we were not advised and had to find out ourselves why we could not have a hot shower. They provide a good breakfast and evening meal. The staff are well trained and polite, but the people on the front desk were not too friendly and everything was an effort. If I travel to Dubai again I would probably look for a hotel in a more central location.	
Nov 2 2007 	Moderate but not again	We stayed here on an Emirates Stopover in October for 2 days.We were allowed to check in reasonably early although the hotel should know that Emirates Flights from Australia arrive very early am and should have the rooms ready straight away. The reception staff could learn to smile, it would help when you are exhausted after 24 hours on a plane. Room was big and fine althought the totewsl had seen better days. Breakfast was OK with willing staff but in a small area off the main lobby. The hotel looks and feels like an ex-pat drinking hole and is geared for business types not families. it is also isolated although taxis are very cheap compared to the UK. Overall is was not bad but not up to 4 stars elsewhere in the East and we would not go back to the hotel nor Dubai which is just one huge building site!HALondon, UK	
Jun 8 2007 	Get there fast while the rates are low	Just returned from four days at the Chelsea, Bur Dubai, on a business trip with two other colleagues.The service was of a very high standard. Food and room service were excellent. The high-speed internet worked well. Staff were well-trained and efficient. This is one of the few hotels I have stayed at, in Dubai, where the staff treat you as a paying guest. Everything went without a single hassle.I would recommend this hotel to anybody expecting 5-star accommodation for an affordable rate.	
May 24 2007 	Problems from Start to Finish	Chelsea Hotel, Dubai, UAE: &quot;Problems from start to finish!&quot;Date: September 15, 2006Reviewer: J. Daniels, Scotland, UKNote: this review is for the Chelsea Hotel not the Chelsea Tower Apartments (same group – different building)Hotels Website: www.crimsonhotels.co.uk/uae/chelsea_hotel/In September 2006 we went on holiday to Mauritius. We decided to have 11 days in Mauritius and a couple of days in Dubai on our return as we had a stop to change planes. We booked the Chelsea Hotel through our travel agent but didn't really know anything about it except that it was rated a 4* Hotel. The hotel was just a base to see Dubai and somewhere to sleep between our travels.Friday 15th Sept 2006TaxiWe had arranged and paid in advance for the hotel to collect us from the airport with their own private taxi at 6.00am on the Friday morning when our flight got in. There was no taxi waiting! I waiting for 30 minutes before phoned the hotel and was told that the driver was there and that he was waiting at the airport exit doors. After another 30 minutes of checking every firm and driver at the exit doors I phoned the hotel again to be told that he was leaving the hotel as we spoke and that he would be with us at the airport in 10 minutes and to wait by the exit doors. 35 minutes later he arrived. He was apologetic but he was more anxious that we would not complain as he might lose his job. In fact he whined all the way to the hotel. He was so annoying I had to tell him several times to be quiet. When we arrived at the hotel they were not in the least bit interested that we had to wait over an hour and a half for our hotel transport to arrive. RoomThe room, which they let us into early – about 10.00 am, was very good – cool, quiet, lots of marble, comfortable bed, etc.. As I had not slept at all on the overnight from Mauritius I collapsed into bed and slept for about 5 hours before exploring Dubai.Saturday 16thDayToured Dubai – tried the ski dome (fantastic) etc..NightWe arranged for an early breakfast for the Sunday morning as we were leaving at 4.30 am to go to the airport in the pre booked hotel taxi.Confirmed with the front desk that the transport would be there to take us to the airport.Went to bed early. 9.00pmWas awakened with loud music filtering through to the room.Complained to the front desk who said that the music must be from the room next to mine and that I should knock on the door and complain – I told the front desk to sort the problem.After another hour of the loud music I decided to find out where it was coming from. It was not from any neighbours room, it was not from the room under my room. In fact it was coming from the hotel nightclub on the ground floor, 4 floors down, which did not close till 2.00am. Unable to sleep.Sunday 17thBreakfastWent down for breakfast at 3.30 am to find that the 24 hour café/breakfast area was closed off for cleaning. After complaining to the management, who really were not interested, eventually managed to get tea and toast (we had paid in advance for full English breakfast).CheckoutThey had to check the mini bar before we could leave and then they tried to charge us for a packet of nuts which we had not taken - I refused to pay. Eventually the let us leave feeling like criminals. The attitude of the management and staff in the hotel is atrocious. They have no interest in their customers whatsoever. The hotel seems to be full of American workmen who spend all their money in the hotel. It is NOT a tourist hotel. Avoid the Chelsea Hotel at all cost !!!	
Feb 15 2006 	Not to be missed !	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Chelsea Hotel last week and thought it was excellent value for the price paid. We got a free upgrade to an executive suite and although I can't comment on the size or quality of the standard rooms. The hotel was exceptionally clean. The hotel is equipped with roof top pool, jacuzzi, gym etc .... and a good few bars and on Thursday (ladies night)and Saturday (sport), they are full and vibrant, as mainly ex-pats go to them to get a beer. The staff are very polite and helpful. In a taxi you can pretty much get anywhere within 20-25mins maximum and the taxis are cheap.	
