	One of the best visited hotel of my life.......	Stayed in this hotel in Jan. 2009, amazing hotel, amazing staff and food. We had breakfast every monring in the hotel which was fab, then at lunch time we went to KFC which is only 5 mins walk away from the hotel, then for tea we went to one of the restuarants on the 'WALK'. This hotel is in the best location as you have everything around you, a great private beach (with your own beach butler who gives you free cups of ice), (dont take your own beach towels as you have to use the hotels own), then you are over the road from the best restaurants, shops etc, Make sure you go to TFI fridays which is on the uper tier of the 'WALK', cheap food but big portions. Take a cab from outside the hotel and go to the mall, which is about 10 mins away in the cab, ask the hotel what is the biggest mall.	
	excellent hotel	Room, rate and staff excellent. Service at the pool restaurant a bit slow.	
Nov 26 2009 	Amazing hotel and location	Stayed in this hotel in Sep 2009, amazing hotel, amazing staff and food. We had breakfast every monring in the hotel which was fab, then at lunch time we went to KFC which is only 5 mins walk away from the hotel, then for tea we went to one of the restuarants on the 'WALK'. This hotel is in the best location as you have everything around you, a great private beach (with your own beach butler who gives you free cups of ice), (dont take your own beach towels as you have to use the hotels own), then you are over the road from the best restaurants, shops etc, Make sure you go to TFI fridays which is on the uper tier of the 'WALK', cheap food but big portions. Take a cab from outside the hotel and go to the mall, which is about 10 mins away in the cab, ask the hotel what is the biggest mall. We are going to go back in sep 2011 :)	
Nov 14 2009 	Great for families	When we were there the hotel was full of families. It has to be said that the noise becomes overwhelming, especially after 5days of screaming children everywhere. There seems to be no escape the way the hotel is made. Nevertheless all the children had a great time. The food was good but not excellent. The service was at times slow but mostly fast and friendly.	
Nov 1 2009 	Perfectly adequate	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah for five nights in late October, 2009, as a bit of luxury after four weeks of budget travel around Egypt, Jordan, Syria and Turkey. The hotel was very much as we expected for a five star hotel -- luxurious and clean with professional staff, a lovely pool, great swimming beach and a breakfast buffet stocked with the foods that we'd been missing. (The mini bar, room service, restaurants and laundry service were also what I've grown to expect from luxury hotels -- overpriced).Our deluxe sea view room had a gigantic bed and plenty of room to spread out.Picking a location in Dubai is difficult as it is so big. If you want to laze by the beach/pool and do a little shopping then the location of the Hilton Jumeirah is perfect. There is an outdoor mall behind the hotel which has some good, affordable cafes and restaurants. It's not great for shopping though, as it is very spread out and was uncomfortably hot during the day, even in late October. There are sporadic courtesy buses which run to some of the major malls which are more suitable for the shopaholics.In terms of other attractions, the Burj Al Arab, Wild Wadi, Madinat Jumeirah, the Mall of the Emirates and Ibn Battuta Mall are all a short taxi drive away. It was less than $10 AUD to get to each of those destinations by taxi, though the Aussie dollar was very strong when we were there.The city centre, including the souks and Deira area, was almost double the distance of the other attractions. We got into the city using a combination of the courtesy bus to the Mall of the Emirates and then the recently partially-opened MRT train. Travel around Dubai will be considerably easier when the MRT is fully opened but, even then, the Hilton Jumeirah is not within walking distance to a station.Overall, a great hotel for people looking for a little relaxation and luxury while still being able to access the other areas of Dubai with a little effort.	
Oct 31 2009 	Hilton "best rate guarantee" doesn't mean its rates are lowest - BEWARE	I tried to book this hotel today on Hilton's website. The website proudly claims that there is a Best Rate Guarantee, stating that you will not find lower rates on other sites. I thought it was worth checking, so I checked the price via Tripadvisor recommended sites, and I was offered a rate £30 per night lower on both Expedia and Hotels.com. I called Hilton Reservations, the woman I spoke to said &quot;oh yes, the rates are normally much cheaper on Expedia than on Hilton.com.&quot;. The only way to benefit from Hilton's Best Rate Guarantee is to book with Hilton - even if you know the rate is cheaper elsewhere - then within 24 hours you have to submit a claim to them and if they decide the claim is valid, they'll match the rate you've found elsewhere. I just think it's important that everyone knows that Hilton's own staff admit that rates are normally cheaper on other sites. So just because you see the words &quot;best rate guarantee&quot; it doesn't mean that you can't find a cheaper rate.	
Oct 28 2009 	Dubai and Hotel lived up to expectations	Our first time in Dubai and we were not dissapointed. The Hilton hotel is smaller than many others of this class in Dubai but the location and standards of service are second to none. The beach and gardens are beautiful and provide the perfect place to escape. I had read about the breakfsat and again have to agree with the reviews it really is very good and provides an excellent start to the day. Unfortunately you have to pay for wi-fi but my teenage daughter found free access in cafe across the road. The location is great with the 'Walk' across the road offering a wide selection of shops, cafes and restaurants. The free shuttle bus services to the shopping malls are well run and efficient although I have to say as an alternative the taxis are very cheap and numerous (although I don't think the drivers have to undergo any type of knowledge test as I could find my way around better than them after a few days!). Again having read the reviews we bought an Entertainer and this saved us a fortune with vouchers covering Aquaventure, Ski Dubai, Desert Safari etc.. plus a host of eating places. We tried the monrail to the Atlantis and this is worth it for the ride itself with spectacular views of the palm, hotel and water park. The weather was fantastic throughout. We had a great time and will definitely be returning.	
Oct 27 2009 	Hotel is Cutting Back	We have been to this hotel on several occasions &amp; always felt we had value for money.This time was not the caseThe nibbles on the bars were not out you had to ask for them or you would not get any. They have stopped serving cashews all together. The Executive lounge used to be self service hot buffet at happy hour serving chicken prawns etc . This time they served you a small portion &amp; you had to ask for more as they would not ask you.The lager they served was from another room &amp; to my horror it was from CANS this is not acceptable from a 5 Star hotel... I had to ask for a bottle &amp; all i got was a poor bottled lager.. When you have 5 people in your family &amp; you upgrade to executive club i dont expect to be served cans of beer if i wanted that i would have gone to Benidorm AI..Hilton need to address the little cut backs they are trying to impose whith out there guests realising BECAUSE WE DO i will NOT go back to the Hilton Again until i hear different, Was not impressed. However I would try The Atlantis on the Palm looked round it &amp; was impressed	
Oct 23 2009 	Superb as usual	Have just returned today from our second trip to the Hilton and have to say standards remain high. We had an issue with plumbing which was sorted as quickly as possible with a complimentary meal for our trouble.Upgrade to the executive lounge if you can worth every penny!	
Oct 22 2009 	Great Hotel for Beach Lovers	Have just returned from a relaxing break at the Hilton. From the moment you step out of the taxi you are made to feel very welcome. All the staff are friendly and helpful. Rooms are a good size, modern and clean. The breakfast buffet is excellent. Bice restaurant was very, very good but it is expensive. The beach is fantastic, clean white sand with crystal clear water. The front sunbeds were always reserved by the time we got to the beach at 8.30, a bit annoying when nobody turns up to use them until 11.30. There are also chairs you can take into the water to sit and cool down. Beach towels are provided. There were no building works going on whilst we were there however it does look like they are about to start next door. Very good location on ‘The Walk’, although there are still a lot of shops that haven’t opened yet. There are plenty of places to eat but mediocre food for the price. Good for people watching. We went to the Mall of the Emirates and Dubai Mall. If I only had time for one I’d choose Dubai Mall. They are a distance away but taxis are reasonable (approx 28 dirhams to M of E - 20 minutes and 45 dirhams to D M - 30 minutes).We had afternoon tea at the Burj al Arab hotel, expensive but a wonderful experience but hey I’m never going to be able to afford to stay there so worth it! Didn’t need an evening meal that night. All in all a great holiday, we’d love to return and would definitely recommend the Hilton.	
Oct 22 2009 	Great stay as always.	This was our third stay at this hotel. We have always found that the Hilton Jumeriah to be great value. The staff on this stay were as friendly and helpful as always. The Hilton breakfast is great and the egg stations are always busy but food cooked to order so the wait, if any, is worth it.The prices in Dubai at present are very high due to the poor GBP. Drinks in the hotel are expensive but the view from the roof bar is worth a little bit extra.The area has changed greatly since our first visit but I have to say it's for the better. The Walk is lovely in the daytime and bustling at night. There are many restaurants to choose from but be aware that there is no alcohol on sale in these establishments.Overall the Hilton Jumeriah is worth a visit.	
Oct 19 2009	paradise	best accomodation ever, beatiful beach with nice view on palm jumeirah, atlantis hotel and burj al arab... breakfast is untoppable!!!	
Oct 15 2009 	Hilton Honours? This hotel has ensured 'Not Anymore for Me!'	Booked a one night stay here in Dubai on route from UK to Auckland. The flight was to arrive in the early hours of the morning in Dubai - so in the booking I requested an early check-in if at all possible. As a silver-card Honours member I thought they might do this for me! How wrong was I!!They wanted me to pay for an extra night(!) in order to get into my room a few hours early, even though I was leaving the hotel at 7am the next day.Totally tired out and getting nowhere with the shift manager, I ended up paying 2000 dirhams for less than a 24 hr stay - in the most impersonal HIlton I have experienced &amp; I have had better matttresses in motels!!This experience has made sure I will cancel my Hilton membership when I get back to the UK and will never use a Hilton Hotel ever again!If you want a great but reasonably priced hotel for a night stop in Dubai (I used for return journey &amp; it was fabulous!) stay at the Metropolitan Palace Hotel, Al Maktoum St!!	
Oct 11 2009 	Lovely hotel in great location but beware builign work about to start	Have just come back from an 8 night stay at the Hilton. Having previously stayed at the Jumeriah Beach Hotel our expecations were high but we weren't diappointed. Upon arrival was upgraded to an executive suite which was a fantastic room with lovely views over the sea. However the view the other way was of a wall of high rise apartment blocks and a building site which is about to start having just laid the footings. The private beach is lovely but it is sandwiched between two public beaches which on a Friday becomes like Benidorm, except there are camel rides available!!! The executive package is worth it if you fancy an alcoholic drink of an evening as you can drink as much as you like for free and as alcohol is very expensive in the UAE £7+ for a glass of wine or a pint you can get your monies worth.The service is really good and staff are very attentive and friendly but eating in the hotel is expensive so its location on the walk is ideal as there are many restaurants you can go to. Also the free buses to the shopping malls, all of which have food courts which are even cheaper, although no alcohol is served can certainly save you money. Having been a frequent visitor to Dubai over the last 27 years you can see that a lot of the holiday brochures are using old photos that do not show the building work that has taken place over recent years, so you will find the view is not as you would expect, e.g. the photos of this hotel do not show the tower blocks, Jumeirah palm and cranes that dominate the skyline. Overall a great holiday but would not go back to this hotel because the further buidling work next door will spoil it.	
Oct 10 2009 	Exceeded Our Expectations!	From the moment we arrived at 8.30am and were ushered to the executive lounge on the 9th floor for our check-in to the moment we left with the door staff telling our taxi driver exactly the sights we wanted to see on our way back to the airport the Hilton exceeded our expectations.First of all I need to make clear that I am a Hilton Honors Diamond Member, but you can never take anything for granted. We travelled to Dubai to celebrate my wife and her twin sister's 40th birthday, and on arrival we were taken to the executive lounge for breakfast - we didn't expect that, then they told us we had been upgraded and our first room was ready, but our second wasn't, and we could have had another second room but they had allocated us 501 and 502, these are two rooms with 2 sides of floor to ceiling glass walls over looking the beach, which have a seperate main entrance so can be closed off, we didn't expect that, when the phone rang I was greeted by the room service manager asking at what time would we like the birthday cakes (yes cakes) delivered? I decided 1pm Thursday would be nice, just as we arrived back from skiing....guess what yes at 12.50pm they were being delivered. I can't rate highly enough the executive lounge, great selection for breakfast, open all day for coffee, fruit, soft drinks, afternoon tea 3pm til 6pm, sandwiches, cakes, scones....and happy hour from 6pm til 8.30pm , more than just free drinks (pretty much anything you want - sorry Neil) also a selection of sweet and savoury nibbles and a tray of warm finger foods.......Of course all the staff were exceptionally polite, the rooms cleaned thoroughly and checked again at &quot;turn down&quot;, and the beach location was great....I could go on but at the risk of being boring I'll stop...but there is one other point, when we checked out my bill was 0 AED that's £0, nothing, zero...I booked using Honors points and fully utilised the hospitality offered by executive lounge (thanks Momtaz)...which meant more for the wife to spend in the shops and on trips....	
Oct 7 2009 	An awesome location - staff couldn't be more helpful!	This hotel is in a brilliant location - right on the beach, but also across the road from &quot;The Walk&quot; which has loads of restaurants and is great for evenings! There are loads of great places to go nearby (Atlantis, the Burj Al Arab, Dubai Mall etc etc) and cabs are really cheap. The hotel also has free shuttle buses which take you to all of the shopping malls. We had breakfast included - which was brilliant, but other than that we triend not to eat &amp; drink in the hotel (the food is quite expensive and the ICE bar on the tenth floor lacks atmosphere). The private beach was really well maintained, and the pool was nice too. Sea is hot and fish-free (which is great if you dont like fish). All in all a great hotel in a perfect location.	
Oct 2 2009 	excellent	Great hotel with great location in the middle of JBR walk, but they have a little problem with shower water it's temperature changes Constantly &amp; the internet access is very expensive.	
Oct 1 2009 	Wow! Amazing hotel in an amazing location!	We spent four nights at this hotel and loved every minute! We were able to check in at 7.30a.m. (much earlier than we had been told we could) and although we arrived so much earlier, the reception were incredibly apologetic that we could not check in as soon as we arrived!The hotel is stunning and the pool area is lovely. It can get busy although there was always somewhere to find a lounger. The private beach was clean and had loads of free loungers. The sea was wonderful - very warm!Food and drink were good - we chose to upgrade to the 'executive package' which gave us happy hour each day for free drinks and snacks - we thought it was well worth the GBP50 per day. You also get to use the executive dining suite, which is at the top of the hotel and offers great views of the beach and sea.There are several bars dotted about the perfectly manicured grounds.Each morning we were greeted by name and asked what we were doing that day to see how the concierge could help.This really was an amazing stay.	
Sep 28 2009 	5-Star Service	The rooms are this hotel are nothing special, but the service is definitely 5-star. The staff is wonderful and catered to our every need during our stay.The location is good with a nice beach and within walking distance of restaurants and shops at the Walk. The breakfast buffet is excellent with lots of choices and great service.The rooms are just ok. They are not fancy, but they are comfortable. We had a seaview room, which had an ok view of the Arabian Sea and the beach.This hotel is the cheapest of the big hotels on the beach, and it is an excellent value.	
Sep 25 2009 	As always a great hotel	This was my third time staying at the Hilton over the space of 6yrs and it never changes. Had a great room and could see the Atlantis hotel from my bed which was nice! Rooms are spacious and very clean, tv with movie channels. Breakfast is fab with great a choice of nearly anything you wanted and all cooked freshly! Staff are always there to help. Cab ride from teh airport worked out about £13. Stock up on soft drinks froma local shop if you can as they are very expensive in the hotel. Everyone takes drinks down to the pool and just ask for a cup of ice which is perfectly safe to drink! All of the big shopping centres lay on free mini buses from the hotel so ask for a time table at reception this way you will save a fortune on cab fairs. One thing to warn you about, i dont have a credit card and they ask for one at check in! They said to use if you only have a visa debit card then they have to put the transaction through for a certain amount each day to cover mini bar etc and then they would give you the cash back when you check out. We made a big fuss as i didnt want over £1000 diahams in cash as i was leaving the country! Make sure you argue this point if it does come up as its stupid! In the end they said they would not charge us a but just take an imprint of the card! would def stay again1	
Sep 25 2009 	Great Vacation!	This is the first time ever that I write a review but I think this vacations was worth it. We where kind of expectant in travelling to Dubai and really found it amazing, the hotel is of total american comfort. We stayed for 6 nights and they really gave us a nice full sea view room for a reasonable price. We were afraid of the ongioing constructions but there is nothing to be worried about there are minor things going around and there are no noises. The beach is wonderful I have travelled a lot to the caribbean and Hilton Jumeirah beach is really similar. The attention is excellent and everyone in the hotel is help ful and nice, we would come back any time and I hope soon. Dubai is a great city to explore and to relax, restaurants are great and is safe to travell around. People think of Dubai as expensive, from my point of view you can make it as expensive as you want but I can guarantee that it is cheaper than London or even Paris, prices are similar to Madrid.	
Sep 22 2009 	Not bad won't blow your socks off but solid hotel	I stayed here for a week on a B&amp;B basis during Sept 09...I paid £560 for the week. I would say this is a good solid property, rooms are clean , staff are excellent and breakfast is great.Things to bear in mind the rooms are not Dubai glitz, no marble bathrooms with Walk in rain showers ...standard over the bath showers and the bathrooms are pretty small....pretty much as you would get in any 4* Uk chain hotel.It is on the Walk which is great from some variety of reasonably priced alternatives to the hotel, just bear in mind that despite these 30+ eateries being on your doorstep, being Dubai none of them are licenced for alcohol as you can only drink in hotels in Dubai.I have stayed at several hotels in Dubai over the years and this one is fine....it won't blow you away but it won't disappoint either. Staff are very helpful, the beach is great albeit boiling in Spetember....however if you are expecting some of the Dubai glamour you won't find it here...but then at this price you are getting exactly what you are paying for.	
Sep 21 2009 	Slightly over-rated??	All in all, we were a little disappointed with our stay at the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah, especially after having read so many positive reviews on this site and others. Have to say that we were definitely expecting more from this supposed 5-star hotel.Our check-in on arrival was slow and despite arriving at 2pm (check-in time) our rooms were not ready until an hour plus later. We were offered sea view rooms (for quite an expensive supplement) only to find that our 'sea view' overlooked the roof of the main hotel building below, the other wing of hotel rooms with the sea in the distance. Not quite what the check-in guy had sold to us and certainly not worth the supplement we paid for.Room itself was a bit nondescript and nothing to write home about. The bathroom was tiny with barely enough room to get in. Nothing about the room, balcony or view was 5-star. There also seemed to be a bit of a problem with noise disturbance - you could hear people in the corridors, in the rooms above etcThe staff themselves all seemed to be very well trained, but found that a lot of them seemed to lack personality or genuine friendliness. Ian and a number of the Concierge team really stood out as fantastic staff members as did the kids club staff and Mark, our house-keeper, but that was about it. Restaurant staff in the main buffet restaurant seemed to be v efficient in the morning at the breakfast buffet, but service at lunchtimes if eating off the menu was appalling, really slow and inefficient.The hotel has a fantastic beach, pretty landscaped gardens and a lovely swimming pool BUT there is a really big problem with people reserving sun beds by putting their towels out first thing in the morning, which I think the hotel really should do something about. The area around the pool and the hotel gardens are actually quite small, so the fact that people are reserving sun beds seemed to be a problem with most people we chatted. The management really should do something about this as it's obviously a problem.Our kids used the children's club on the 3rd floor of the hotel and a special thanks goes to Iresh and Alitha. The kids' play room is fantastic with loads of activities and things to do for children of all ages and our 2 spent many hours playing inside when it was too hot to be out.Location of the hotel is really good. It is situated on The Walk and so there are loads and loads of restaurants and cafes within a couple of minutes walk. There are also a few shops, ATMs and a supermarket close by. All in all, a bit hit and miss really. There is no way I think this hotel deserves a 5-star rating, not compared to say the Ritz, Royal Mirage, Madinat hotels etc. We made the most of our stay at the hotel and enjoyed its facilities and location, but just found that it didn't offer anything special in terms of accommodation or service and for that reason I wouldn't go back.	
Sep 16 2009 	Fantastic hotel - would definitely recommend it!	My boyfriend and I spent 24 hours in this hotel on our way to Hong Kong. We arrived early on Saturday morning (8am ish) and we left around 7 the following day.I am a silver HH member, which may have helped, but what was fantastic, when we checked in, was that they not only let us check in early, but also upgraded us to a suite. The suite was fantastic. Two big rooms - a bedroom and a lounge, two balconies, and a huge bathroom. The view from the bedroom was onto the swimming pool, the beach and the ocean and we could see the Atlantis and the Burj al Arab from the room. Breakfast was amazing - vast choice, including eggs cooked on demand in any way you wanted them. Went in the bar &quot;Bice&quot; - nice and trendy, with good service, but not that cheap. The service was fantastic - literally couldn't fault it. For example, at breakfast, any time your coffee or orange was empty, they came and filled it straight away, they also kept the pool open slightly later for us to swim, and generally they were incredibly helpful.	
Sep 14 2009 	Loved it.	We spent a week at this hotel at the end of our Honeymoon. It is a typical Hilton hotel, very clean and tidy and well looked after. We stayed B&amp;B and the breakfast is out of the world. you want it, you get it. The staff are fantastic, they can't do enough for you.The hotel only has 2 draw backs, 1 - people are allowed to leave towels on the sun loungers round the pool and then come back hours later to use them. 2 - the cost to eat inside the hotel it is way over priced.the hotel is based on the Jumeirah walk and there are lots and lots of places to eat, we found a fantastic Indian a 2 minute walk from the hotel that did a 3 course meal for 2 for only £21. the food was great and the same meal back here would cost well over £60.For those of you who love a burger, go to Fuddruckers. It is advertised as the worlds best burgers... they are not kidding. I had the famous 1lb burger.. it was the size of my hand!!!! but it was sooooo good. again this restaurant is only minutes from the hotel and very reasonably priced.Would i recommend this hotel... certainly it is in a great location with good access to everythingWhen there we did the modern Dubai trip that ended with High Tea at the Burji al arab (the sail hotel). this was expensive to do but a good trip to do, maybe skip the high tea its not that good. It takes you round and gives you some of the history of Dubai as well as a trip to one of the huge malls with an inside aquarium ( i found Nemo and Dory). You also get taken to the tallest building in the world... it's not easy to get a full length picture of it..Would i recommend going to Dubai... yes, but in a few years time. the place is still a building site with lots and lots of weird and wonderful looking buildings getting built.	
Sep 9 2009 	I've never been so relaxed and looked after!	I stayed at the Hilton Jumeriah for 5 nights with my boyfriend. As soon as we stept out the taxi we were treated like royalty. The staff couldn't do enough to help us and even knew us on first name terms by the third day! The reception staff were extremely helpful when we wanted to extend our checkout and when our swipe card stopped working they quickly remedied this. Breakfast was fantastic and poolside was very clean. Compared to the sea the pool was chilled. Would definitely go back to Dubai and stay here!	
Sep 7 2009 	Excellent hotel	We've stayed for two weeks at the Hilton Jumeirah Beach Resort and it was a very good experience.It was our first time in a Hilton hotel and certainly not the last!The room was nice, clean, spacious, we used the hot watercooker every day for a cup of tea. The only commend is the noise of the hallway. The door of the room does not prevent the noise of people walking, running, talking, screaming, etc. Breakfast was very complete, everything you wanted was available.The hotelgarden is very nice with enough beds, only in the weekend it gets really crowded by locals. The only thing we did not like was that a lot of people reserved their bed with a towel. Especially in the weekend, if you wanted to have a bed in the shade in the garden you needed to place your towel before 9.00 hrs otherwise only the beds on the beach were available (to hot).And also use of internet is very, very expensive. But there are enough Starbucks around (on the Walk) with free wireless internet, so we advise you to go to Starbucks for a great cup of coffee and free wireless internet.The Walk is just outside the hotel. A lot of good restaurants and very nice price. We recommend The Butcher Shop &amp; Grill. We've never had beef that was so tasty...I would certainly recommend this hotel and maybe we come back in a few years to see which buildings are finished.	
Sep 3 2009 	Great hotel great beachside location	I stay here 3 times a year and cant fault it. Great service, good location, right by the beach and nice big pool area too. What makes this quite special and unique from the other hotels is that around the hotel used to be nothing, but the last 3 years they have developed &quot;the walk&quot; where there are big wide pavements, lots of shops, bars and restaurants all very new and recently opened. This is so not like Dubai!! You can wander out at night, walk up and sown the beautifly lit street and take a few drinks/coffee. Normally in Dubai you have to get taxis everywhere even if going across the street, but not here, so ideal for families.The hotel itself is wonderful, the staff are so polite and in fact, maybe too much so, its like they are trained to smile and say hello the moment you make eye contact with them, even the cleaners and maintenance men seem pleased to see you. You cant move without someone popping out from somewhere to wish you a pleasant stay and &quot;How Are you Sir?&quot; Great at first, but the novilty wears off! Overall a great hotel, good food (Bice is nice but AWFULLY expensive!!) great loactiona dn wonderful people,...	
Sep 3 2009 	Good Hotel Value for Money	Having just returned from a 5 night stay at the Hilton Jumeirah, everything I have to feedback about the hotel is positive. ~ Hotel is best accessed by taxi which at 1.00am in the morning cost approx 75 AED.~ The room was spacious, clean and modern and had a balcony overlooking the &quot;towers&quot;, these are various apartment blocks that the hotel backs onto.~ Check in was very prompt and offered us a welcome drink in the foyer on our arrival. ~ We booked two trips through the hotel - Afternoon Tea at the Burj al Arab and the 4x4 jeep safari, both were handled incredibly well by the rep at the Customer Relations desk.~ Mall of the Emirates and Dubai Mall both run shuttle buses to and from the malls and these stop at the Hilton, at various times throughout the day.~ There is also a courtesy bus that will pick you up from the Hilton and take you to the first stop on the Big Bus Company tour bus, which leaves from Madinat Souk.~ Our package included Breakfast and this was standard Hilton breakfast with a little bit more, and the staff in the dining room were more than helpful, replacing tea/coffee and cleaning up after you.~ The pool area was very good, with plenty of sun loungers to go round and a nice big pool for swimming. ~ The beach facilities were even better, with a private beach and butler service for cold water (additional extra) and cold towels. ~ For those that have kids, there are specialised gaming rooms at the end of some corridors, which have more than enough to keep them entertained. Although be wary if you get a room next to these as it can be noisy. These close a 10pm each night.~ The hotel is situated in an area called the Walk, that has lots of restaurants and shops if you don't want to venture too far from the hotel.Overall the hotel was a great standard, probably not the most flash of hotel in Dubai, but thoroughly worth the money.	
Sep 1 2009 	fantastic hotel	We have just spent 8 nights here 1 in a de-lux seaview and the other 7 we upgraded to executive seaview, worth the extra. Our 1st morning we went down to breakfast in the lobby and had to wait 20-25 mins in a holding bay (quite comfy but what a drag) then went for breakfast where there was excellent food, but on returning to our table it had been moved and our drinks had disappeared but no drama we just asked for more.  After this we ate breakfast in the executive lounge, again good food not quite as much choice and no egg station, but a more personal service with excellent, attentive staff.  We had a lovely afternoon tea everyday which on more than one occasion kept us going until the next morning, little bite sized sandwiches are available with various fillings, scones (the best I've ever tasted, they must have a secret ingredient) and cakes and gateux as well as fresh fruit and local sweets.  You can drink as much tea, coffee (coffee machine serving latte, cappacino etc) and cold drinks as you like, but don't try and take them out with you as you will be stopped and asked to drink them in the lounge.  Evening there is happy hour (or a couple) and you can drink many different types of alchol with no extra charge.Another benefit was the discounted meals and room service within the hotel.  All in all I think it was worth the money.  The bed was firm and comfy and the pillows too.  I suppose the the bathroom was a little small but there again we don't spend all our time in there.  When we went to the pool area the staff even layed our towels out on the beds for us and warned us that it would be really busy on the Friday and to get down earlier (8.30ish) they came round at 1ish with iced wet face cloths.  The staff throughout our stay were excellent often refering to us by name.  You can't go wrong with this hotel.  If you make a trip to the Gold or Spice Souk and are on a budget catch the Hilton courtesy bus to the Hilton Dubai Creek usually about 4pm and then a quick taxi ride from there it will save you a few quid, the return trip from gold souk in the taxi to Jumeirah was about 65dirhams (£12ish).  Also it is worth a trip to the Gold and Diamond Park, but please make sure the taxi driver knows where he is going, ours got lost and lost again. Make sure you haggle when you get there and if they won't take less go to another shop after all there are about 100.  We loved this hotel and the food, the location is good with plenty of restaurants and cafes and a few shops on the walk and in the Plaza (up the steps opposite the Hotel). The area is very clean and safe. Have a good time.	
Aug 30 2009 	Great location outstanding service	We stayed 2 days at the Hilton with my family last week and can only recommand it! First is the great location as a walking area ( the walk) quite unique in Dubai is just at door step with restaurant and shops so that it is very easy to find a place for the diner close by. Second is the staff at this hotel were in really outstanding. It started with a warm welcome in French. Everybody is just striving for making a perfect stay. We stayed on the executive fllor with access to private lounge which worth the extra cost. I can really recomend the upgrade. Concierge very efficiently organize the transfer for airport (complementary if in executive) so you get the Hilton service till you fly. All in all a truly high standard hotel to stay especially for staff customer relations.	
Aug 27 2009 	Everything you could possibly need from a hotel	Just returned from Dubai,and boy what a place a must see for everyone at least once in a lifetime.I was so glad we stayed at the Jumeirah Hilton it lived up to every expectation that we had,unpretentious,friendly,clean and amazing service,when we booked back in March we got an early booking 30% discount on the stay,we therefore decided to go for an executive King room,which enabled us to use the executive lounge for breakfast,afternoon tea and evening drinks Copious amounts of alcohol available between 18.30 and 20.30 and lovely canapes.This is a real bonus.When we arrived we was offered an upgrade to a suite on the executive 8th floor for an extra £350 which i gladly said yes to and it was fantastic 2 48 inch flat screens 2 balconys and and a great separate seating area with lovely sea views.if like us you like eating and drinking it can be quite expensive as alcohol is only available in restaurants within hotels, but like London there is plenty for all budgets.I am glad we went in August to experiance the 46 degrees by day and 37 by night,but for us this was too hot as expected,the sea being too hot and the evenings too humid,but this is Dubai and everywhere is air conditioned so it was not a problem,just slap on a high factor and take regular dips in the cooled swimming pool.I would not hesitate to return and stay at the Jumeirah hilton however i think November through to April would be more comfortable in the sun and better for us	
Aug 25 2009 	Hot hot hot!!	I have just returned from the Hilton after a short break with my husband. This was the 2nd time i had been back to the hotel and i must say that nothing has changed, the service is still as good as ever. The staff cannot do enough for you, whether it is pressing the buttons on the lifts for you or bringing you ice cold towels whilst sunbathing, they really do go that extra step.The hotel itself is still very good, i once again had an excutive room as it is definitly worth the extra money. For the extra money you get a complimentry pick up from the airport (just contact the hotel to let them know your flight details and they will arrange a car for you.. our car was a lovely 7 series BMW!!). You have access to the Executive lounge, where you have a buffet breakfast, snacks and drinks all day, afternoon tea, cakes and sandwiches, and then alcoholic drinks and canapes in the evening.We did order a couple of mocktails and a portion of chips at the swim up pool and that was nearly £20.. so paying the extra for an excutive room is really worth the money.I have been to Dubai a few times now, and this time round was by far and away the hottest time i have been there.. temperatures soared well into the 40's!! I knew it was going to be hot.. but this was far too much for me and i love the heat!!! So if you not great on the heat avoid August!!Overall the hotel is still as great as ever, and if your considering going to Dubai during Ramadan, do not be put off by this.. its the 2nd time i have been during Ramadan and it didnt effect us one little bit..	
Aug 20 2009 	Fab hotel	We spent three nights at the Hilton Dubai Jumeriah. The hotel was in a great location. Breakfast was included and was very good. We ate in the South American Restaurant at the hotel, both to food and service was outstanding. The rooms were spacious and very comfortable. Would definately stay again and have recommended to friends/family as great value for money.	
Aug 18 2009 	A Holiday to remember	Stayed at the Hilton with my family last week and the staff at this hotel were in a word Fantastic from the moment Amjad met us at the airport until we were dropped off again every member of the staff were so kind and helpful it was amazing,we had booked executive rooms with access to the lounge where Bridget and her staff could not do enough for you,i would recomend an upgrade if you can it really is worth the bit extra that you pay.All in all a truly brilliant hotel to stay and by far the best for staff customer relations that i have came across while staying in Dubai.	
Aug 12 2009 	Fantastic	My friend and I stayed here just last week. We both could not fault this hotel, and were extremely happy with our stay here. The staff are absolutely brilliant, nothing is too much trouble and enjoy a good laugh with the guests. During the trip it was my birthday, the staff came up to the room with a birthday cake!!!! Lovely surprise. This hotel also seems to be one of few which offers every room a balcony. Our balcony looked over the bustling street below. No disturbance from noise but great for watching the world go by whilst enjoying a glass of pimms. Would definitely definitely return and would recommend this hotel to anyone with full confidence. Also did not notice any disturbance from building work or demolition at all.	
Aug 11 2009 	The whole experience was fantastic!	We have just returned from a seven night stay at the Hilton Jumeirah Beach Hotel , and we could not fault a single thing. From the moment we arrived the staff were fantastic, they were so polite and treated us like V.I.P's. The hotel is ideally located right on the beach, there was some demolition work being undertaken next door, but to be honest we did not notice it. I thought I would mention it though, as I had read other reviews before we went and was worried in case it would spoil the holiday, our room was facing onto the site and we were totally unaffected by the ongoing work.The whole place is spotlessly clean, the buffet breakfast kept us going until early evening. The gym was handy if you fancied a workout.As with most holidays if you wanted a sunbed by the pool it was the usual get up at 6.30am to put your towel down routine. I did this a couple of times but then went back to the sunlounger after breakfast one morning to find that someone had taken the loungers? Apparently If you do not return within one hour of putting down the towel its basically anyones for the taking. There are plenty of areas to sit in the lovely gardens and comfortable loungers on the beach too.We would recommend Bice Restaurant if you like Italian food on the ground floor and the Oceana Restaurant has a different menu each evening.To sum up, the hotel, staff and location were superb and we would highly recommend this to anyone wanting to visit Dubai.	
Aug 10 2009 	Amazing Staff	This hotel was amazing. The staff go out of their way to make sure you are happy. They remember your name and try to help out whenever they can.Special thanks to Kris who checked us in.The location is excellent right on the beach and close to restaurants and shops.The only thing that I didnt like was the bed was a little hard but apart from that we had a nice sea view room which was spotless.I would highly recommend not only the hotel but also the free buffet breakfast which had a great selection.There was always room on the private beach and the pool is excellent to cool off in after being in the hot sea. The hotel provides beach towels and a beach butler came around with drinks.The hotel had flat screen TV, tea and coffee facilities and complimentary bottled water. The hotel also has a Cuban cigar bar which was nice and a rooftop bar which again was good.The gym was excellent but we didn't have time to use it much.There are complimentary shuttle buses to the malls although these do get very packed and not always first come first served!The taxi to the airport was about 65 Dirhams but from the airport to the hotel was 85 as they start the meter at 20 at the airport.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel as we had a great time.	
Aug 6 2009 	Loved it!	I stayed in this hotel for 4 nights in July. Before booking I was very wary of the hotels location as it seemed to be very far away from the old city and the airport, but I would not hesitate to book again!We arrived late at night and were greeted by the super friendly staff as mentioned in other reviews. We were given a welcome drink and told that the King corner alcove room that we booked allowed us access to the executive lounge. I would really recommend this room to others - two of the room walls were glass and offered panaromic views across the beach - we could even see Atlantis the palm and the Burj al Arab! The executive lounge was an unexpected bonus - it allowed us to have free breakfast, snacks and drinks all day, afternoon tea, and evening alcohol and canapes - and so we feel that we really saved a lot of money by opting for this room.The pool and beach areas are pristine, and really need to be seen to be believed. During the day staff come round and offer cold clothes - just what you need to cool you down in the Dubai heat! The location of the hotel really did not end up being a problem at all, taxi prices really are very reasonable. The hotel also runs free coach services to the major shopping malls, make sure you ask about this because it is not advertised anywhere.We booked a desert safari trip through the hotel and were able to receive a sizeable discount.The staff at the Hilton really make this hotel superb - I do think that it does need a bit of a revamp but still would thoroughly recommend!	
Aug 5 2009 	Cannot Fault -	Excellent, highly recommend and although we arrived prior to the official check in time, the staff were very helpful and had our 2 rooms ready within an hour. Tea and coffee were served to us whilst we waited as well as a refreshing melon 'welcome' drink. Would go back tomorrow!!!!!!!!	
Aug 4 2009 	Amazing	I travelled to Dubai with my partner just a couple of weeks ago, i bought the holiday for my partner to celebrate her 40th birthday. I definitely made the right choice! We arrived at around 7:30am after a night flight - the designated check-in time is actually 2pm, we were asked to wait in the bar area until our rooms were ready, there was free tea/coffee/biscuits available in the bar and our rooms were ready within 20minutes which was great.  The hotel staff are brilliant, they are very friendly, greet you by name which shows how proffessional they are when dealing with an endless amount of guests throughout the summer and they are always on hand to assist you with anything. Krish was very nice i have seen his name mentioned in other reviews as he is so polite and geuinely wants to help you have a fantastic holiday. He reccomended the local arab restaurant (Sarai) to us which we tried and it was lovely. Many of the tourists dodged this charming restaurant in favour of the usual fast food places such as pizza, KFC, starbucks etc.  You will also notice how clean the hotel is, it is constantly being cleaned with the greatest amount of attention.  The room service staff were also great, the room is cleaned everyday to a high standard and staff leave shells on the end of the bed which is a nice touch. Again even the housekeeping staff remember your name and smile everytime you walk past. This hotel is easily the best hotel we have ever stayed in, for service and staff. It really is very nice and we have stayed in hotels in las vegas and new york which are hard to beat. The facilities are excellent, particularly the pool with a swim up bar (we never got to use this as the pool is always busy) with lots of loungers around, normally there are always spare loungers. You dont need to take towels as you can get some everyday from the towel hut, just throw it into the big towel bin after you use them. The pool area leads down to shaded lounging areas which leads down to the private beach area which is also beautiful. The beach area was never very busy, despite it being so attractive. Again, there are friendly helpful staff there, they will lead you to where you choose to sit, they will put your parasol up or down as you see fit and when they noticed our bottle of water which we were keeping shaded to prevent it from warming up in the blistering heat, they even provided ice and cups. What more could you want from a hotel?! The food at breakfast is fantastic, cereals, fruits, continental items such as cheeses, breads, sliced meats, pastries, muffins etc. many cooked breakfast items, fresh juices and an egg station where the chef will prepare you items how you like. Omelettes, fried, poached and boiled eggs, pancakes, waffles etc. We had pancakes with fruit and syrup, delicious! You cannot be dissapointed even if you are the fussiest eater. Even children have a small seperate buffet table with &quot;child-friendly&quot; foods for those fussy children. And there was a &quot;Pork station&quot; where you can get a fix of bacon and pork sausages that was clearly seperated for muslims. Out of the hotel there are lots of things to do. There are innumerable shopping malls spanning the length of the Sheikh Zayed Road, many of which offer a free shuttle bus from the hotel, something that we took advantage of a few times. All of the malls are a little different - the mall of the emirates is the second largest mall in the world (you will find many things in Dubai that happen to be the largest/fastest/first of it's kind etc. things in the world!) although our favourite mall was the ibn battuta mall which has different zones such as china/andalucia etc. Taxis cost around 25-30dirhams (£5-6) for journeys of around 15minutes. The malls all clearly state at the entrance that women should have their shoulders covered and that it is a minimum requirement for men to wear shorts that cover the knees and t-shirts that cover the shoulders, in order to respect the muslim culture. However many tourists ignored this and wore vests and strappy tops and showing cleavage. It's up to you how to take it really, if you wish to be respectful, as we were then at least wear baggy shorts and a t-shirt and ladies can wear pashminas or cardigans over dresses and tops. You can find all sorts of stores like debenhams, river island, top shop in these malls, they are more expensive than here but this is negated sometimes by the great sales that they have, slashing up to 70% off of prices in places. But in general the clothes are more dear. Some excursions we took: we booked excursions through our virgin rep, although yuo can easily book through other people. We went on the dune bashing trip followed by a bbq in a desert camp with other bits such as a belly dancer, camel rides, henna tattoos, sheesha smoking etc. great fun and fairly good value. Food was surprisingly good! This set us back roughly £45 each but it was worth it, the transfer was about an hour each way and the activity from hotel to back lasted approx 5 hours, fed, watered and entertained. We also did the dubai city tour, which was about £20 each. The tour guide, KJ (from Japan) was very funny and informative, we actually learned a fair bit about dubai from him. The tour was in a little bus and included stopping at the burj al arab for photos, driving by atlantis for distant photos (literally a drive-by camera shot!) seeing the palaces in which the sheikh and his brother lives in, a boat ride across the creek in an abra and also visiting the spice and gold souks, where we were hassled by many locals to buy their gold and silver or their fake designer goods - bags, watches, sunglasses etc. We did buy one piece of jewellery after knocking him down by quite alot. I also bought some spices including iranian saffron and madagacan vanilla pods. I spent £8 on them but that would of run me at least £16 here in the UK (saffron is very expesive here). At the end of the tour everybody tipped KJ but the poor driver didn't get a penny! We also got a taxi to Atlantis which cost 30dirhams, it was well worth the trip to see the aquarium that they have, we got some great photos. There is also a waterpark there which looks amazing but we didn't try it. We were speaking to another couple who stayed at another Hilton which was an hours drive away, they didn't really like the location as it was cut off from lots of things, this hotel was very well located. The Walk area next to the hotel has many shops and restaurants which tends to get busier at night and is very quiet during the intensely hot afternoons (40celcius everyday). If you are looking to book for August the temps are set to rise nearer to 50 degrees celcius apparently. All in all the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah was fantastic, we have racked our brains to find fault with something, the worst thing i can think of is that the drinks are quite expensive, beer is £6 a pint, cocktails are about £10, but as alcohol is banned in many places you can see why, also avoid the minibar and get your drinks at the local shops instead. We put all of the minbar items in the cupboard and put our own bits in there :) So book this hotel with confidence that you will have a great time here as we did!	
Aug 4 2009 	Wonderful Place to Relax and Unwind	An absolutely beautiful hotel and a lovely place to unwind after a period of hard work. Staff in the pool bar were amazing and very friendly. Room was beautiful and had a lovely view of the sea. I would recommend the eggs bendict for breakfast, they were divine! Gorgeous gardens and private part of beach. Also sampled the health spa, massage was nice but felt a little rushed. The only downside to the hotel was the lack of things to do within walking distance, many surrounded by other large hotels and hotels being built. There were no shops etc within walking distance and taxis were a must, that said, it may well have improved since my stay as Dubai changes very quickly. My room was lovely and always clean, it was at a discounted price due to my work but I still feel it was slightly overpriced even at the lower cost.	
Jul 30 2009 	Lovely Hotel - 5 Star Staff!!	Stayed here for a week before experiencing Atlantis ( separate review) . We arrived around 7.00am &amp; were greeted by numerous staff all keen to asist, directed to the check-in desk &amp; supplied with a welcome drink of watermelon juice. Check in was a breeze, I left credit card details for incidentals - why do so many people have a problem with this?? It's standard practice at any hotel I've ever stayed in!! Our room was ready immediately (a welcome relief after the long daybefore) &amp; we were offered breakfast but we went for a hours sleep first! I had booked a sea-view room but received what I would consider a side sea-view - to the left a view of the walk &amp; to the right the sea - I would have prefered something overlooking the gardens or pool but no big deal - I should probably have mentioned this at check-in! Rooms are typical Hilton standard &amp; comfortable - slightly disappointed that my son had a fold away bed instead of 2 queens but the king was huge!! Breakfast buffet was good - ample fruit, fresh pancakes, waffles, breads &amp; pastries as well as cooked food including a pork station &amp; made to order omlettes but it can get busy after 10.00am - we had to wait for 5 or 10 minutes on a couple of days but this wasn't a problem for us - pity some of the other guests didn't feel the same - I experienced one man being extremely rude because a table was not immediately available! The pool (although in my opinion it closed way too early) &amp; garden areas are lovely leading to a nice stretch of beach with warm turquoise water - bliss!! Never any issues with sunloungers - the ones around the pool were occupied fairly early but never a problem getting one in the gardens or on the beach. Generally food &amp; drink in the hotel is expensive - on our first afternoon 2 soft drinks, a kids hamburger &amp; caeser salad (no chicken, prawns or anthing - literally just lettuce, dressing &amp; parmesan) from the poolside cafe came in at around £30 - not surprisingly it was empty most of the time! A bottle of Corona or soft drink was over £6, cocktails about £10 &amp; a large bottle of water about £4. We had afternoon tea in Axis which came in at about £30.00 for 2 - which wasn't too bad. I think that if the hotel prices were more reasonable more guests would use the facilities but as &quot;The Walk&quot; has ample eateries (incl Chilis which we frequented) &amp; even a supermarket for essentials most people tend to go there. Taxi's are plentiful &amp; cheap - approx 30 dirhams (incl tip) to the Emirates Mall or Jumeriah Beach Hotel &amp; 50 dirhams to Dubai Mall or Atlantis. When we were leaving to go to Atlantis the bell boy commented that we were going to the &quot;expensive one&quot; but in fact, I found the prices in Atlantis to be no more &amp; in some cases less than the Hilton! In summary the Hilton was a lovely comfortable hotel but the main asset of this place is the staff who are second to none across the board - they can't do enough for you - even when being confronted by rude/arrogant guests!! It never fails to amaze me how rude some people are!! I don't think I've ever experienced a hotel that has such consistently helpful &amp; pleasant staff. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a relaxing pool/beach holiday but if returning I think from our family point of view, we would choose to stay somewhere like Jumeriah beach or Atlantis again both of which were more lively &amp; had more facilities for families.	
Jul 28 2009 	Fantasic hotel ..amazing stay	My first review ever...This was my first trip to Dubai, with my brother, his mate, mam, dad and grandparents. We flew from Newcastle to Heathrow then changed plane for DXB.We booked a package deal with Virgin and was veryyyy cheap for 12 nights in Dubai!Hotel- is the best hotel ive ever stayed in. The staff cant do enough for you. They sent a cake up to mam and dads room for their anniversary with a rose and card.Every member of staff are fantastic apart from one who work at the pool bar haa.Rooms are quite big, although there was 3 of us in one room, 2 double beds and a single. I requested a sea view and got one! We flew with Virgin arriving into DXB at 7ish, we had to wait in the hotel for a good hour before our rooms where readyThey swiped mams and dads card for 8000 AED (£1400)! But we just paid our room bill on a daily basis. As any 5 star hotel prices are dear at The Hilton it was £3.40 for can of coke, £6.50 for one pint of larger, and £10.50 for cocktails (bull frogs are nice), £10 for a pizza, between 3 of us we spent £1200! Bad times haEven pulling upto the hotel in a taxi, staff open the door for you. On arrival we were given a fresh pineapple juice at check in.Rooms - fresh free water every day! come in handy as the hotel is expensive. On arrival we got 2 bottles of wine too. We got breakfast in the hotel was served between 7-11am, all sorts to choose from full english, ceral, bread, cakes, pancakes, cheese hamThere is about 7 restraurants and bars in the hotel to choose from, we just used the pool bar mainly and went to the Sky Bar on the 10th floor, very chilled atmospherePool area is fantasic and clean, staff would come round give you cold towls to cool down and slices of watermelon. Beach area is class to! towls are providedSea is boiling wouldnt reconmend for children! I was going to get out at one point.Definatly go back to the same hotel, its in a good position situated on the Walk, loads of restraurants and VERY CHEAP (loads of people told us that Dubai was going to be really expensive, i dont think it is just the hotels are!)Activites - We went to The Atlantis Hotel waterpark, Ski Dubai, Seawings flight around Dubai at 1500feet (fantastic!), Cruise down the creek, 4x4 driving in the desert, Burj Al Arab for a few drinks, sight seeeing, gold souk and shoppingFor sightseeing we just hired a taxi for 6 hrs this cost 300 AED ~£50 cheap as chips taxis over there!Irish village it good too for meals and a few drinks (cheaper than the hotels)Ruby tuesday do nice foodChills was good food The butchers shop and grill, perfect if you like stakes!All decent pricesAt the front desk we made good friends with Krish who works on Guest Services he is amazing, he sorted the cruise out for us (at a discounted price =D), always checking how we are doing, got cheaper taxis for us, he just couldnt do enough for us, he even sorted another cake out on the crusie for mam and dadTo save money - Buy a booked called &quot;Dubai Entertainer&quot; it was 300 AED, it is full of vouchers 2 for 1s! We saved a fortune, (saved money on ski dubai, water parks, pizza hut, BK, KFC, Ruby Tuesday, Chillis, hagen dazs ice cream)Well worth it! I bought the book from Virgin in the Mall of Emirates, we saved easy £200, and still had loads of vouchers left, which we give away.	
Jul 27 2009 	Don't check in before 2 p.m.!	Beware of the unprofessional check-in staff! They rigorously enforce a 2 pm check in time, so don’t arrive earlier or you will be forced to pay the standard rate for an extra full night if you want to check-in before 2 p.m. They also seem to enjoy your predicament, after all you are not one of their guests at any time before 2 p.m.After checked in at 14.10 hrs I went to my room (quite nice really) and as my phone sim card didn't like Dubai so much, it was not in a mood to roam, I had to consider using the in room phone. The charge was 30 dirams per minute! Now, why would anyone do that? So I resorted to using skype, but alas, they were ready to stuff me there also with their WiFi Internet at a cost of 50 dirams for one hour. So what I do when I get charged so much for essential services is simply not to spend any more money with them, so I can make no comment about the food except that it is of course outrageously expensive. Thre are though plenty of alternatives across the road. There’s also a supermarket across the road, then go upstairs (be prepared for a climb) to “The Walk”. That is if you need milk for your coffee (the hotel shop has stuffed camels, but no fresh milk for your coffee). The beach is nice enough, but the white sands face the ubiquitous huge cranes in the foreground (there is really no escape in Dubai) and don’t walk any more than 100 meters to the left as a guard asks you (politely) not to go any further. I didn’t try to the right. Rooms are very nice, everything all very new. The Swimming Pool is also very good. In general, the area the hotel sits on is excellent if you like that upmarketty, but characterless feel of Dubai. Personally, after having a peek at the world’s tallest building (is that including the sticky out bit at the top?), the biggest ski slopes in a desert this side of the Sahara (and including the Sahara), the world’s most expensive dinner (I missed that actually, but it surely must be there), the world’s only ten star hotel (or was it seven?) and similar Dubai superlatives, I couldn’t wait to leave.	
Jul 26 2009 	Perfect resort	We stayed 4nights in June on the way to Maldives. We were fortunate that our room was ready on arrival early morning as we were exhausted after wedding and over night flight. Room was beautiful, comfortable and they delivered the champane and beautiful cake for our honeymoon cereblation. Breakfast was fantastic and enjoyed so many choice. Pool is in good condition and pool bar was nice. Beach towel were provided on the way to beach and so relaxing and never struggle to find beach chair/parasol. Concierge service was superb and lots of restaurant / cafe nearby. Could stay more longer! Top floor lounge was quiet and relaxing. You will never be disappointed by this hotel.	
Jul 22 2009 	exellent place	me my husband and my 15 year old daughter stayed here from 16th july to 21st july 2009 it is one of the best hotel i have ever stayed in the staff are very friendly and we got an exective room facing the sea the breakfast was very good and it was our first trip to dubai but after staying at this hotel it will not be our last and the place where it is all the resturants are there	
Jul 20 2009 	Spot on cant wait to go again	This was our first trip to Dubai and both my partner and i hope its not our last. we travelled from Birmingham and got a connecting flight from Paris Charles De Gaulle in which we had a slight delay as the plane wasn't ready for boarding. Upon arrivals at Dubai we were greeted by a Travco representative who instructed us to go through arrivals/passport control before collecting our suitcases. The arrivals/passport control is like all others, stand in a que until called forward, this took quite a long time as there were people trying to enter the country trying to find work, so whe nwe got through there we were again greeted by the travco rep who had collected our luggage for us, which was helpful. From collecting our luggage we made our way outside which was the 1st time we experienced the heat of the United Arab Emirates in which we were told was 36 degrees at 12.30am Dubai time. The transfer from airport to hotel was the best i have experienced as myself and my partner were expecting to be boarding a bus/coach but instead we were greeted with an Audi A6 and a Cadilac Escalade, we were given the Audi as there was only the 2 of us. During the trip to the hotel the driver was very informative telling us about the location we were in and telling us of places to visit and things to do, which was very helpful as we had only read about things on the internet or got told things by people who had previously visited Dubai.On arrival at the hotel we were greeted by the hotel staff who immediately opened the doors of the car and took out our luggage and directed us to the check in desk. upon walking through the main entrance another member of the hotel staff offered us a complimentary drink. we made our way to the check in desk in which a few forms needed to be filled in and thats when we were asked by the receptionist for a deposit of around 2500AED or £450 to cover food and drink consumed in the hotel and for items taken out of the mini bar, we told her we didn't have that on us and then we were asked for a credit card in which we replyed the same and said that we would pay for things as we go. when the forms had been filled in we were given our room card and that the mini bar would be removed and that our cases would be up to our room in a minute or so. This was the case and no sooner had we closed te door our cases were with us, and around 5 mins later there was another knock at the door for the mini bar to be removed. Breakfast was served between 7-11am in the Oceana Restaurant, in which there was everything from a full english, pancakes, eggs bennedict, danish pastries and more (i would recommend the sausages!) there was also a machine that was always being topped up with oranges for people to get there fresh orange juice. Drinks in the hotel were expensive but the bottled orange juice was well worth the 30aed or £6, bottled water was 22aed and cans of pop were priced at 20aed, as an estimate 50aed worked out at around £9.The pool was lovely and refreshing with the temperature perfect for the 40-42 degree heat that we were experiencing, there were changing rooms and toilets a couple of steps away from the edge of the pool. At around 1pm the was a lifeguard that came around with face towels that were covered in ice and had a lemony smell to them to cool you down in the heat, although they only stayed cool for a fwew minutes when they were taken out of the bucket they were in. This also applied to the beach. Just around the corner from the pool was a little hut that kept towels for the guests and this was also the location that told you the current temperature and humidity. To get the towels you just had to give your room number and name. The beach was just a minute or so stroll from the pool in which you had to walk through the hotels garden, between the beach and pool was a restaurant shish pipe hut in which the attendant would take one down to the beach for you. On the edge of the beach there was 2 showers and a hose pipe for washing your feet which was lovely and refreshing, there was also a decked walk way that kept you off the scorching hot sand. The sand was white and felt soft beween your toes but also was too hot to stand on for more than a second unless you were standing on it in the shade. The water was just like getting into as bath and was never too cold to get in but on one occasion it was too hot to get in. Time to go now i hope this review is helpful for people who are travelling to this hotel in the near future and hope you enjoy your stay as much as i did.	
Jul 19 2009 	Great Service	Hotel property is very nice and good location next to the new Marina complex and beachfront. Very typical of Hilton properties around the world in terms of the amenitites. I just wanted to comment on the service. It really is fantastic. Lobby personnel will occasionally greet you by name. Had several things arranged by Concierge and they were great, as well as, the staff in the Executive Lounge. Would defintely come back.	
Jul 15 2009 	Superb friendly amazing.	This has to be one of the best run Hotels i have ever stayed in. Myself and my friends were new to Dubai. Dubai has so much to do, that without some local knowledge i felt it would have been easy to miss some local gems to visit.So on the first day i sat down with the Krish on the front desk hoping he would write down a few must sees. It was an indicator of the level of staff excellence, he spent over an hour writing down places to eat, visit, pubs restaurants prices etc etc. Then each day asking how we got on, were they good recommendations? It just was a small but indicative sign of a superbly run Hotel.One bit of advice given to me was to upgrade to the executive rooms with access to the 9th floor for drinks and snacks this was extremely worthwhile and good value.Overall Dubai is a fairytale place it more than lived up to expectations and having a friendly clean and efficient Hotel added immensely to a great holiday.	
Jul 9 2009 	Great Dubai Hospitality	This resort hotel was by far the best hotel I have ever had the pleasure of staying in. In Dubai, there is typically excellent service everywhere, and the Hilton is no exception. Location: The down sides are that it is quite far from Dubai Creek and the airport, and right next to a construction site. On the up side, taxis are very cheap, and the beach location is great. Behind the hotel is the pool area, then the garden area, then the private beach.Service: Fantastic. You never have to wait for anything! All of the staff are always friendly and more than willing to help.Rooms: The rooms are not amazing but do have everything you would expect.The building: The building is rather small on a Dubai scale, only 10 floors. It is dwarved by its high-rise neigbours. But that is charmingly refreshing, in a forrest of sky scrapers. We stayed for 5 days in the middle of summer, when it was too hot to do anything except go to air conditioned shopping malls or lounge around the pool. The Hilton was therefore a good place to stay: The pool area was well serviced by a good bar and restaurant. Shuttles ran reasonably frequently to a number of malls around Dubai. Other restaurants were only a short stroll away.	
Jul 2 2009 	Wonderful stay but thin-walled and sometimes overcrowded	We stayed at this hotel in the first 2 weeks of June. Since we are HH Gold we expected an upgrade. Unfortunatly the hotel was overbooked so we took the free internet ($250 value for 2 weeks). Upon identifying ourselves as HH Gold there was a noticable attitude change in the staff (to the possitive)The hotel is nice, clean although somewhat outdated. The staff is wonderful and will assist you where-ever they can. We had them make some reservations for us for excursions which were done flawlessly. As we have been to Dubai before we knew this is usually the case in this country.Food/drinks in the hotel are very expensive, we went to the walk most of the time and ate for approx. $ 60 (for 2) where this is approx the same price of 1 entree in the hotel.This being said: Bice is a great restaurant and was by far the best in our trip, so that was worth the money. The pool is great as are the beach and garden. Plenty of seats (Sat-Wed, see below) and not very many people playing the towel game. We brought a couple of bottles of whiskey and bought cans of coke at the supermarket which is a 100 yard walk from the hotel.We only had 2 problems with the hotel which would make us not return:- The rooms are very thin-walled. As Arab people tend to be more noisy than others this was quite a problem. This started at approx. 5PM (at least, it was going on when we returned to the room) and fortunatly they stopped at approx. 10.30 but before that it was not possible to have a conversation in your own room without yelling. As we value our privacy and quite this is the main reason we would not return to this hotel. We have stayed at other Hiltons and they are much better at sound-proofing rooms- In the weekend (Thurday+Friday) the hotel sells pool-tickets to the locals enableing them to use the Hilton pool, garden and beach. This means that at those 2 days everything is very very crowded and all chairs with shade are gone by 10AM. Since the facilities are not large enough to accomodate all these people everything gets to crowded. We actually saw hotel guests leaving because there were not seat, in our opinion this should NEVER happen and hotel guest should always have prefference. Also the hotel was fully booked so there was no need to sell extra tickets: It should not have been done.All in all we had a wonderful stay although we would take one of the other hotels at Jumeirah beach next time.	
Jul 1 2009 	absolutely wonderful holiday	my best friend and I stayed at the Hilton on Jumeirah beach at the end of June. We wanted to get away and relax in a beautiful location. This hotel was fabulous and well worth the money. We didn't go for an all inclusive deal - we just got the breakfast (more than enough choice at breakfast - inc pancakes, waffles, omlettes) This was the best thing, since the hotel is located on a promenade with restaurant after restaurant after restaurant..these were italian places, mexican, african, thai, indian etc. A meal for both of us usually cost around 120-140Dirhams. There was a small mall bout 5 mins walk away where u could buy bottled water from for 3Dirhams (the hotel is charge much more!)The hotel itself is great - the staff are ever so friendy and always there to help you and give you a smile. Our room was kept lovely and clean all the time and towels were changed every day so there wasn't ever any sand from the beach on our floor.The pool is lovely, its quite big and there are more than enough sunbeds for everyone. The beach is even better, not crowded in the slightest and we were served ice cold watermelon on the beach mid afternoon. The sea is beautifully clear. They provided all the beachtowels so there was no need to take.There are free buses that go to the malls every day - just pick up a timetable from concierge - its easy and drops you right outside the mall. We used this bus to get the the souks as well otherwise out taxi fare would have been hefty.my bestfriend and I had the best time ever and came back totally refreshed!!	
Jul 1 2009 	Stayed here for our honeymoon and loved it.	We were originally booked to stay at the Sheriton also on Jumeirah Beach, however when we arrived they told us the pool was going to be closed for our whole stay due to renovations. This really put a dampner on our long saved for honeymoon. After some serious complaining we were moved to the Hilton. We could not have been happier. There is nothing I dislike about this hotel. The pool is lovely and the beach is the perfect place to watch the sun go down. The breakfasts are superb as well. We were staying during Ramadan so perhaps we had the hotel when it's slightly quieter. But all in all I would go back there tomorrow if I could.	
Jul 1 2009 	Fabulous hotel	Hotel was lovely and the staff outstanding. Buffet breakfast was very good. Very conveniently situated with lots of restaurants on 'The Walk' outside the hotel. Room keptvery clean. Overall a very good choice.	
Jun 30 2009 	Great Hotel and wonderful service	From the outside it isnt the biggest or most impressive hotel in Dubai, but the rooms were comfortable and the service warm freindly and efficient. The hotel greeted us with free cocktails and allowed us to check in before lunchtime. Conscierge were very helpful in advising us on attractions to visit and overall, the hotel comes strongly recomended.We will be back for sure.	
Jun 29 2009 	The staff make the place	We had a three night stay and the single thread running through our experience was the excellence of the staff at all levels and in all departments. They were all welcoming, friendly and wanting to go out of their way to be helpful. This applied to reception, the doormen, the dining room staff (how many dining room managers remember one's name from one day to the next?), the room cleaners, and the garden and pool attendants. The service here speaks volumes for the training the Hilton must give and the high standards expected and faultlessly achieved. Our esperience endoresed all that we had researched beforehand on Tripadvisor.	
Jun 25 2009 	Second Time here won't be the last!	This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel, and if anything it improved the second time round. The staff are a credit to the business, the whole hotel is spotless and it really did make our holiday. We stayed in the executive lounge, which was brilliant. The rooms on our floor (7) had been refitted very recently, and to a very high standard. The beach is private and very clean with a good range of watersports if you like that kind of thing.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who just wants to kick back and relax.One tip I would give though, drinks in the hotel are very expensive, as in all hotels in Dubai,but there is a duty free shop just outside arrivals in the airport. Buy a bottle, then when you go to one of the malls, or the Jumeriah Beach residences there are supermarkets. Cans of tonic in the hotel are Dhs.20. You get six cans for Dhs.6 in carrefour. Also the water, 1.5ltr is Dhs.22 in hotel. Buy a six pack from the supermarket of less than Dhs.1 a bottle. That way when you splurge on the shopping malls, you will know you have a least saved a fair bit on the drinks!!	
Jun 18 2009 	Excellent hotel great location on beach and near shops and restaurants	Stayed here for 4 nights at the Hilton Jumeirah Beach in early June.Overall would say this was an excellent choice of hotel. The facilities are good, service is exceptional, and location is great.Rooms: These are of a good standard, clean and large. We had a double room, with 2 large double beds, a balcony with a lovely sea view. Large widescreen tv with several English language channels. Nice large bathroom with shower. Regulalry cleaned to a high standard.Food: Breakfast buffet was included in our booking. Had a very large selection of food, from fruits and salads, to breads and croissants, and fried cooked items, including fresh pancakes and eggs. There are a few restaurants and bars at thh hotel, including a pool bar. The room service is reasonable, food tasty and arrived quick. Lovely 10th floor balcony bar.Facilities: Numerous restaurants, bars, gym which is free to use. A large pool with small childrens' pool, and privat beach with free towels, shower, changing room and sun lounges.Service: Exceptional and faultless all the way.Location: Excellent, right on the beach and nearby is &quot;The Walk&quot; which has numerous restaurants to cater for most tastes, supermarket, coffee shops and general shops.Others: Free shuttles to various shopping malls around Dubai. Free internet at the business centre.	
Jun 17 2009 	excellent staff and hotel - credit card annoyance though	just come back from dubai and th hilton was amazing, the staff are amazing and do anything and everything for you, almost making you feel guilty. the breakfast was amazing, best ive had in all my travels, every day something new to try and so much variety amazing. the hotel was clean, spacious, pool was small though, who needs a pool when you have the beach though right on the doorstep. the walk where all the restaurants are i thought was over hyped, its nice place with good food but only busy on friday and saturday night as thats dubais weekend, apart from that its pretty dead. the gym and steam room weere excellent indulgance, again great staff working on that floor. paid 40 dirhams to use the net for half hour, offered tea/cofee for free whilst surfing net so ok. NOW heres my one and only gripe and its a big one and i see from previous reviewer im not only one. as soon aqs i checked in i was asked for CREDIT card, i asked why and they said they needed it in case i spent something whilst in hotel or mini bar and i could use this as credit. i told them i would pay cash as i use this if i used anything but they said i had to pay this amount on a card. now i wasnt told this when i booked the holiday and it may not be an issue to most but as a working 25 yr old i have a budget and wasnt happy to use my card for no reason as i had paid for my stay anyway. I didnt have my credit card so used my switch card but was told i would get the money back at end in cash in dirhams, i knew when i returned to the UK i would lose money when i convert it and they said i still hd to do this. anyway this meant i lost out on £60 for which would of bought something nice in dubai. that is my only issue. i think they want ppl to use the mini bar, drinks in bars etc and keep putting it on this tab and then making ppl spend money which is wrong, i should have the choice to spend cash or not and this did put me in a bad mood and is now when i think i got robbed of £60.00 which may not seem much but principles matter to me. apart from that dubai is amazing, still work in progress but great stay, the workers have to be nicest peple i have ever met, worth it just to meet great people.	
Jun 17 2009 	Great stay highly recommended.	Location is excellent, staff first rate, room fantastic, beach &amp; pool area amazing. This was a perfect spot to wind down for a few days after working in Abu Dhabi and heading home. I really can't wait to bring my family back to this resort. The guys who are working out on the beach greeting and seating you deserve an extra pat on the back for working as hard as they do in the heat, always running to take care of requests.	
Jun 17 2009 	As good as the Burj Al Arab!	Having stayed at the Burj Al Arab hotel 5 times I didn't have very high expectations of the Hilton Jumeirah, how wrong I was, the hotel is lovely, simple and unpretentious, we had an executive suite which I must say the pictures on their website dont do it justice, OK it wasn't any where near as opulent as the Burj but speaking from someone who has very high standards when it comes to hotel rooms thought it was very nice indeed. We had a slight misunderstanding at check -in but the assistant front desk manager Mr Ali Nader kindly agreed to my request and it was sorted promptly. The exec rooms are a must just for the access to the exec lounge alone, free breakfast, afternoon tea and snacks in the evening as well as free alcoholic drinks between 6 and 8.30pm and believe me I can can eat for England but I can honestly say if you were on a tight budget you could easily live on the food in there for the whole holiday!As I said previously the hotel is really nice, the grounds are lovely (better than the Burj!) the hotel is spotlessly clean, the staff are all wonderful right down to the cleaning boy who greeted me by name every day. All in all we had a great time at the Hilton Jumeirah, my husband and I both agreed it was one of the best holidays we've had and we've stayed at some very nice hotels including the Conrad Hilton in the maldives (superb) and the Banyan tree in the Seychelles (beautiful) along with 5 times at the Burj Al Arab (amazing), I tell you this not to brag but to explain how I feel, you can pay all the top prices for all the top hotels but sometimes its the simple things in life that are the best , totally unpretentious and a quarter of the price! We will definately go back.	
Jun 16 2009 	Excellent hotel for young families	We've stayed here many times over the last few years, and keep going back. Its a well managed, very friendly hotel, where the staff are courteous and cannot help you enough. We have 2 very young children , who loved the pool area (the beach can get a bit hot in the early part of the day). A kids, club and a pretty decent gym are an added bonus. There are plenty of restaurants in the area, and a few supermarkets. If you want some R &amp; R , a great place to chill !!	
Jun 11 2009 	Great hotel right at the beach and The Walk at Dubai Marina	This Hilton is great. Not to get me wrong it is not very luxurious, but it is a good solid Hilton quality. But the service quality is outstanding. Every member of the staff trys the best to make your stay unique and memorable. The pool and the beach is very nice and you always find a place to lay down. The hotel is also right at The Walk, what is a nice district with a lot of local and international restaurants.	
Jun 10 2009 	Estacy	I stayed with my wife in Executive suite. The Executive lounge and the employees in the lounge have paid extreamly great hospitality. Enjoyed the Sauna, Swimming pool, Beach restarunt, Lobby, Outside wake way, Envirinment, I can name anything in this hotel is of superb quality. Enjoyed my 4 nights at apex.	
Jun 10 2009 	Loved this Hotel 	We stayed for a week &amp; found the hotel to be excellent. Spotlessly clean, with very helpful staff. Great Beach too.It's in a great location on the beach &amp; on &quot;The Walk&quot; which meant there were restaurants &amp; shops on the doorstep. Alcohol is expensive in hotels but not really anymore than any other city. BICE bar has amazing rooftop views of the area, the Studio bar will keep any sports fans amused (although the TV is largely US/UK channels anyway). Most of the restaurants in the area only serve soft drinks. By your alcohol in the Duty free at the Airport once you've cleared Customs. Yes there is building work nearby but then Dubai is a huge building site, however don't let that put you off you can't stay in big fancy hotels until they've been built! The work did not affect our stay at all, maybe twice we heard something from the building site but we had no complaints.Internet access is chargeable in the hotel so nip over the room to one of the 2 Starbucks nearby as it's free WIFI.	
Jun 7 2009 	Check in nightmare	The reason why I booked this chain was it offered the best price for its brilliant location. The location was great not only because it was on Jumeriah Beach but also across the road was a street called THE WALK this had numerous restaurants which offered amazing variety and better quality food than the hotel, there is also a supermarket on the upper level. On checking in the hotel swiped my credit card for approximately £456 when I questioned this I was told it was “In case I used room service&quot; as you can imagine I was livid because I had not been informed about this and this left me with no use for my credit card for the holiday, I was going to get it back when I checked out but it was the principle of the matter does the credit crunch not mean anything to the Hilton??? To make matters worse I was informed my room was not ready (this is not what you want to hear after a 7 hour flight and its 1am) I had to wait about an hour and even then I was told this was a temporary disabled room and I would be moved the following day, I was not pleased but too tired to argue because it was nearly 2AM by this time. When I eventually got to my temporary room I could not even use the shower as it was too low down and it was fixed so I went to bed feeling grotty.The next morning I went down to reception to see if my room was ready and I was told it would not be ready till after 3pm, as you can imagine I was fuming. I calmed myself down and to make matters worse they did not even offer me anything for the inconvenience so I had to ask! I asked for a free upgrade and I was told they could not do this as fully booked, so I said to staff are you not going to offer me anything? The staff I feel reluctantly gave me free dinner and soft drinks for two at their cheapest buffet restaurant. I told them I was on my honey moon &amp; disappointed in their service. Staff said they would send up a cake as a gift...this did not arrive for another two days and then it only came because I had to go and ask staff again &quot;where is my gift&quot; absolutely ridiculous. The food in their Oceana restaurant was terrible; it was a cheap luke warm buffet with not enough variety.When I eventually got to my permanent room it was of a good standard, nice spacious size, i had booked the deluxe seaview room, the balcony was of a good size and I could see the sea partially the other half of the view was the building site next door where they were bulldozing down a old building, it was noisy but bearable, when you were inside the room you could not hear any noise from the demolition because the balcony doors are soundproofed, thank goodness. The buffet breakfast was nice and had a good variety and staff provided excellent service.Despite the checking in nightmare, it is a good hotel, a bit boring, staff are very helpful and work very hard, the rooms are nice and very clean. I would recommend it to a friend.	
Jun 4 2009 	Oasis amongst the cranes	Dubai is one large building site. One single road stretching as far as the eye can see with new buildings on either side, a competition between them to build a higher, funkier, more exotic quirky shape. In the midst of all of this there is an oasis of calm that is the Hilton Jumeriah. It is a small low lying hotel in a fantastic beach front location. It is being renovated at the moment. Service is good, breakfast was included in our eBookers rate. We had a room on the 2nd floor, we could just see the sea and the lights of the Palm and the Atlantis resort in the distance. The main benefit of the Hilton is that it is actually at the only location in Dubai that seems to have a bit of character (albeit brand new) and where you can actually walk outside. The 'Walk' is a pedestrian area, full of restaraunts and shops, for people spotting and Ferrari driving poseurs. There is an excellant Lebanese restaurant to the left as you leave the hotel (on the corner of the first junction - called Sirai [sp]), and 2 Starbucks with easy distance.The hotel has a large pool, and a great beach side bar for bbqs and watching football.Dubai is horribly expensive now. You can only drink alcohol in hotels. The rooftop biceBar is worth a visit -you go up the hidden elevators the exit to the pool, unfortunately they allow smoking inside but the view is good. I would happily recommend the Hilton J and would return	
Jun 3 2009 	Construction chaos and dust....	We booked 2 seaview rooms - standing on our balconys, and craining our necks we could see the sea...otherwise, a beautiful view of carparks, and buildings under construction. I think the hotel would have been lovely 15 years ago, but now does not fit the Hilton standard at all. All the construction next door meant clouds of dust, and noise, so our pool experience lasted only minutes, before we dived inside for fresh air. Rooms - there were huge, large bathrooms, great bed - could not fault them. Check In - staff were friendly and helpful, although even though check in was at 2pm, we had to wait more than 3 hours hours for our room. Staff were apologetic, but there was nothing they could do, and they did not offer anything in way of compensation except a cup of coffee. Really poor considering we had been on a long haul flight, and all we wanted to do was sleep, and we had pre paid our room - it should have been ready at 2pm, not nearly 5pm.Breakfasts - everything you could ask for - heaps of variety, and friendly staff, who bent over backwards to help.	
Jun 1 2009 	Exotic	The place is exotic and worth spending the time	
Jun 1 2009 	Great Hotel- Service was out of this world!	Stayed here for 7 nights during the last week of May, with my wife and our 3 year old daughter. We got a great rate for flights and hotel and as soon as we walked in, we were treated so nicely. They gave our daughter lots of little puzzles/ crayons etc etc and she was happy, and all throughout our stay, the service was incredible.The sea facing room on the sheraton side, made sure we didn't get a view of the demolition of the hotel next door, and the view was very nice.Breakfast was plentiful and the location of the hotel was ideal for us, with the beach and pool being used everyday, and the 'walk' being useful for 'emergency' food. had a nice gym, overlooking the beach, room service was fairly priced for those times we didn't want to go out for lunch. The restaurants were overpriced i felt, but the food may've been worth it for all i know. And they had a great kids club where my daughter wanted to go everyday.The staff were all, so friendly and helpful, that it made our holiday even nicer.I have nothing bad to say about this hotel- we all wish we were still there!	
Jun 1 2009 	Would Recommend...	A short 4 day break for us (we live in Saudi) and it's a refreshing change to be able to drink alcohol and be able to eat pork and for ladies not to wear an abaya. We booked through dubairesorts and this included a pick-up at the airport (very efficient). We booked two executive rooms and as my husband has a Hilton loyalty card we were allocated rooms with fantastic sea views. The positives - housekeeping is wonderful and the staff are so pleasant. There's a great choice of restaurants (yes, at a price), location good too, especially now that The Walk has opened across the way - although you don't want to be walking too far when it's 46 deg C and humidity is in the high 80% range. The negatives - the pool is barely large enough for the number of residents - we stayed at Le Royal Meridien last year (even pricier) and they have a choice of 3 pools which spreads the bodies about so to speak. Whilst we were staying at The Hilton there seemed to be a few people with the &quot;bag a sunlounger&quot; mentality. They would grab the lounger at the crack of dawn, plonk their towel and one or two personal items and then disappear for most of the day - very selfish. That's nothing to do with the hotel, just the mentality of the guests. It meant that few sunloungers were available anywhere near the pool (in the garden area) by about 10.30am. By mid-afternoon don't expect to be able to swim - most people are just wallowing in the coolness of the pool because the sea is too hot!The hotel says it has a dress code - fair enough - but we never saw this enforced. One evening a young girl came into the restaurant (Oceana) dressed in very skimpy shorts which left nothing to the imagination. Whilst having afternoon tea in the exec lounge a &quot;lady&quot; arrived wearing a black bikini which you could see underneath a white cheesecloth cover-all (barely covered her backside). If you are going to have &quot;dress codes&quot; then at least enforce them or don't bother at all. Mind you, Dubai says it doesn't like ladies wearing strappy tops and shorts in public, but you see plenty of them in the malls. Some day soon there's going to be a clamp-down or backlash against this &quot;western&quot; style as it is offensive to muslims - eg. unmarried couples having sex on the beach and being drunk in public = totally unacceptable. It's their country we should respect their culture. Too many Brits think they can go away and continue to behave as if they were in Blackpool.I used the hairdresser whilst I was there - wouldn't necessarily recommend him - he didn't listen to what I asked him to do and it cost 200Dhiram for the cut and a further 130Dhiram for the blow-dry - only so I could go back to my room and do it all again.	
May 29 2009 	Nice but you pay for for it	We recently spent 5 nights at The Hilton Jumeriah. We were lucky as we booked it as part of an Expedia promotion and only paid £496 each for flights and five nights B n B. The Hilton is truly a very nice hotel, with great service and its right opposite a parade of shops and restaurants (no bars – sore point this amongst ex-pats in Dubai !!) known as The Walk. The restaurants on The Walk were crucial to our stay because our only criticism of The Hilton would be that as far as eating and drinking goes The Hilton prices are just extortionate. 40 Dirham’s for a pint of Heineken (that’s £8 a pint May 2009) and £4 for a can of coke. A bar snack at lunchtime will cost you at least £12 and evening meal prices start at about £20 each without drinks. Now we have been to Dubai before and so were not expecting budget Costa prices but neither were we expecting to pay more than one might in Monaco. Many other guests also thought the prices were an insult and made their feelings known by going across the road to the Al Mahar supermarket and buying food there and quite openly eating it within the grounds of the hotel in front of the management. We suspected that many of the Hilton guests were business travellers and some one else is picking up the bill. If they halved the prices more people would eat and drink there and they would probably make more money. We ate at both the new Atlantis Palm and the always great Jumeriah Beach Hotel and both were cheaper than the Hilton. Beer is a mere £5 a pint at The Jumeriah Beach hotel but you have to get a cab there but cabs are refreshingly cheap and plentiful in Dubai. The only problem with the restaurants at The Walk is that nowhere serves alcohol but you can get a good meal for two for around £25 - £30 including soft drinks or much less (£3) if you go to KFC which is useful for lunchtime.Dubai is changing all the time and it is now a great city but the afternoon heat can get a bit much and this was only May. It got to 43C one afternoon and it will get hotter in June, July and August. The new shopping malls are a great place to escape the afternoon heat. Locals say the best time to be in Dubai is between November and March when it tops out at around a more bearable 30C. The cab fare from the airport to the Hilton hotel is currently about £15 which is not bad for a 45 minute ride 20 mile ride.	
May 28 2009 	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at the Hilton for 6 nights in May and had a wonderful stay. The staff were incredibly helpful and friendly, the hotel was always clean, the housekeeping service was of great standard and we just really couldn't find a bad word to say about the hotel.We upgraded to an executive room which I would definitely recommend... well worth the extra money for all the food and drink you get - particularly as alcohol is very expensive in Dubai, we had a few free drinks in the executive lounge first and then went out to eat afterwards. Brian and his team in the executive lounge went out of their way to make sure everything was ok, it was a lovely friendly atmosphere.As for the hotel location, it was perfect right on the beach for a bit of relaxation and a great location for the evening - make sure you go out and explore 'The Walk' in the evening just outside the hotel, it's full of shops and lovely restaurants and the restaurants are much cheaper than those in the hotels. A lot of hotels are right on the main roads in Dubai and it is not possible to walk out in the evenings but this location is perfect for a wander out, which we really liked. The hotel is a little way from the main centre of Dubai but only a short taxi ride and taxi's are so cheap out there, it is really easy to get around. Plus there is a free shuttle bus service to the main malls from the hotel.All in all, we had a wonderful time in Dubai and could not fault the Hilton - would definitely recommend this hotel.	
May 28 2009 	Great hotel Great Location	Arrived at hotel early but into room straight away staff could not do enoughfor you. breakfast was superb we loved position of hotel on the beachor great gardens to sit in . you only had to walk out of hotel and you were on &quot;The Walk &quot; lots of nice restaurants taxi's were cheap really recommedthe &quot;Friday Brunch &quot; normally includes all food and drink (good value)They are knocking hotel down next door but did not cause us any problems	
May 25 2009 	Ok hotel well away from the action	The Hotel is located at the end of jumeirah beach and is away from the main attractions of dubai. I will choose a hotel that is closer to the city next time.	
May 25 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	I was here on vocation and really enjoyed this hotel. The staff was excellent and the service was great. It is a little far but it was still good. I would stay here again.	
May 12 2009 	Fantastic hotel with great beach facilities	Stayed at the Hilton for 2 nights with a friend. We were pleasently surprised. The room was airy and spacious with a view of the beach (just ignore the hotel which is half way thru being knocked down).Cannot fault the staff at all, they couldn't have done more for us. We enjoyed using both the beach and pool areas....even managed to get a great table for the big Champions League semi finals which were shown on huge screen in the pool bar. I opted for an amazing spa treatment which included a chocolate scrub and fully body massage - highly recommended!!!The shisha was excellent too, I will definately being staying here again when i visit Dubai later this year. Def good value for money!	
May 11 2009 	Nice hotel great resort just not as good as others	Nice hotel and the pool, beach is wonderful, however the service is not quite what you would expect from a hilton in Dubai, however the beach bar is perfect for a quick meal, beer or watching the game - would stay here again but not as good as others. Also a lot of building work going on next door but not a major issue.	
May 10 2009 	Baeutiful hotel	Lovely hotel, on the beach with really good swimming pool and great breakfast.	
May 10 2009 	Fantastic Location	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton, Jumeirah Beach as part of my 30th birthday celebrations. We had been to Dubai about 4 or 5 years previously and stayed at LeRoyal Meridain Beach Resort and Spa just a few hotels along. Firstly, we couldn't get over the changes in Dubai since our last visit, what a place! Jumeirah Beach area had developed into a really busy place with loads of shops and restaurants, definitely the place to stay in Dubai. The Hilton hotel was great, not as luxurious as Le Royal Meridian but I think that came down to the Hilton being older. We had a corner executive room with two walls of glass over looking the beach - amazing views. Unfortunately the hotel next door (Oasis Beach Hotel) was being demolished whilst we were there so there was a bit of noise from that if you were outside but they were making pretty quick progress on that. The food and staff were fantastic! My husband had an ear infection whilst we were there. The staff had him up seeing the staff doctor within minutes and she arranged for us to visit the local hospital - phone call in advance meant that we had very little time to wait and he was seen by an ENT specialist (you'd have to wait weeks for the NHS to do that!)My parents were in Dubai at the same time. They stayed at the Hilton in the city and although it was cracking, its really no patch on the location of being at Jumeirah Beach.Only disappointing this was due to the poor exchange rate of the pound, Dubai was quite expensive this time round, especially alcohol!	
May 5 2009 	Super Service with a smile :) at the Hilton Jumeirah!	Just got back from a lovely week at the Hilton Jumeirah. Hotel is beautifully located directly on the beach and on the other side of the hotel you have what they call &quot;the Walk&quot; a promenade with lots of restaurants and expensive shops/boutiques. Tip: climb those stairs (yes its hot) and find a great supermarket that sells everything you need and avoid paying the ridiculous hight prices for drinks at the hotel. Ok so that is one negative and probably the only one I have to mention about this hotel: prices of drinks in particular are too high! If it would be slightly cheaper, people would spend much more on drinks in the lobby or at the beach. A lobby by the way that I really liked because of the beautiful flowers and colourful chairs and a huge colourful carpet.We booked a King Corner Alcove room at a discount rate on the Hilton website because we booked three months in advance and also paid 33% in advance. I would strongly recommend that you do that as the discount is huge! I have never seen a room this big with such a great view before! Oceanview everywhere you look through the huge ceiling to floor windows. The balcony was twice as big as well compared to the other balconies.There were bathrobes and beachslippers in the room when we arrived. We didnt even need our own beachslippers. Bathroom is sufficient but a bit small and tv is not flatscreen and DVD-player(yet?). The Expedia website will tell you that there is a DVD-player in the room but that is not true: only the suites have one. You can however pay for a DVD-player having set up in your room at a 7 or 8 euro fee. Compared to the Hilton Creek (stayed there over New Year in a big corner room) room furniture is a bit dated but the size and the view make up for it.And then there is the superfriendly staff that seems to smile all the time and they'll just try to do anything to make you're stay even better.Another tip: book a room with executive lounge access. It will give you a great breakfast, super afternoon tea and 2.5 hours of happy hour at night with snacks and wine or beer.Considered how expensive soft(drinks) are at the hotel, this is a good investment!If I'd came back in the future, I would definately stay at this hotel again, but it would have to be in a King Corner Alcove room again as the other rooms are nice but nothing special.	
May 4 2009 	great beach hotel!	Stayed here on a stopover for 3nights.Location is on the beach in the furthest part of Jumeirah if coming from the airport. (be aware of traffic for timing trips to/from airport)Staff very welcoming arrived at 7am early check in wasn't a problem ( as was organizing late checkout) , Hotel is &quot;old in Dubai terms&quot; but very well maintained. Pool area was relaxing and bar staff very attentive and friendly. Beach area every clean and service again prompt. The restaurants at the hotel were very good but pricey. Great little sports bar also. Room decent sized and well appointed. Nice little balcony, enjoyed sitting out at dusk overlooking the sea drinking a beer. (which I had picked up some beer on arrival in the airport, as the same Heineken cans from the minibar were way overpriced!!!)All in all couldn’t complain and very good value for money. As long as you are not expecting a brand new glitzy 5* tower bock then you won’t be disappointed. There is a new complex with restaurants and shops at your doorstep which is handy. Free bus to mall of the emirates/souks but cheap cabs were readily available outside the hotel.Will definitely come back here as the atmosphere wasn’t hectic and other quests were very pleasant and undemanding.	
Apr 29 2009 	Exxcellent hotel	We stayed at the Hilton as part of our honeymoon in April 2008. We found the hotel clean, tidy with very friendly staff. The rooms were clean and very comfy, we had a side view of the beach. The breakfast buffet had lots of choice with fresh honey straight off the honeycomb. If you use the restaurant in the afteroon or evening the hotel do expect you to wear long trousers and a collar. The hotel is idea if you wish to visit the areas around the beach and the local water sports but if you wish to visit the Dubai Gold Souk's, The Creek and the local shopping malls use the free hotel courtesy bus which run on a regular basis to and from these locations. An excellent hotel in an excellent location.	
Apr 26 2009 	Great hotel with a great location	Stayed here for 8 nights , excellent service and immaculate hotel the staff couldn't do enough to help . Breakfast was fantastic buffet with everything you need and eggs to order from the hot plate. Room service as well complimentary fruit and wine which we thought was a nice touch to our stay , we received an e-mail to say they were demolishing a hotel next door which wasn' t too noisy Jumeirah beach is a great location walk out the hotel and have about a 1/2 mile walk with restaraunts and shops and watch the exotic cars pose along the road. Only 20 min from downtown Dubai maybe 40-50DRMs £8 -£10 in a taxi ideal.	
Apr 23 2009 	Fantastic for honeymoon!	After a week in Komandoo in the Maldivea (amazing) we arrived in Dubai for one week. We stayed 4 nights in hilton Dubai Creek which was great but lacked that holiday feelilng...we transered with ease to the Hilton Jumeriah for 3 nights. Amazing hotel. 5star service. We had booked an executive room but were upgraded to a suite when we told them we were on honeymoon. An amazing room with views of the sea, the palm and the burj al arab. Staff are certainly amazing, great resturaunts, and breakfast buffet. A super location also as you can just go wander down the Jumeriah walk at night and its just buzzing with holiday atmosphere. Our room was arranged with honeymoon ddecorations on the bed one night, and another night we arrived back to the room to find a lovely cake and bottle of bubbly waiting for us also...Great hotel! also has lovely gardens with sun loungers, lovely pool outdoors with swim-up-to pool bar, and private stretch of beach....would highly recommend it!	
Apr 10 2009 	Excellent Hotel.. 5 star service	Excellent hotel in prime location on Jumeriah Beach, with many restaurants and shops on the door step... not to forget the great beach.Certainly worth upgrading to an executive room for the free airport shuttle as well as happy hour between 6pm - 8.30pm.The staff were extremely friendly and made the stay extra special.Some contruction/ demolition works nearby however this didn't affect our stay in any way.	
Apr 9 2009 	bit disappointing	I stayed for 4 nights whilst attending a work conference. The Hilton was adequate but nothing special. The rood top bar was ok and the meal we had in the Argentinian restuarant excellent even if the service was a little stuffy with 2 waitresses basically having a fight over who was going to make us our fresh guacamole! The rooms were disappointingly dull. Ok just dull. The pool was quite small and pool bar closed very early in the evening. I have stayed in other better places in Dubai but as I wasn't paying it wasn't worth worrying about. The building work going on around the hotel is very intrusive. Lots of dust and noise from very early in the morning.	
Apr 7 2009 	Brillant. again.	Second visit to this hotel and decided to upgrade to the executive option. this is very worthwhile as previous travellers suggested.Excellent staff, and facilities. One tip!!!. If you are going to buy any gold/ etc from the gold souk then go to a shop in Gold Land, a few hundred metres along from the souk. On the second floor you will find Ausie Mikes. ( he's not an ozzy Long story!) ask for raymond or Micheal, this shop was recomended by our son who is in the forces, and is very popular with visiting navies from around the globe.becuase of the turnover he keeps his prices very marginal and so excellent value. for eg. i bought the mrs a diamond ring for £1700. i got it valued in the u.k at £7500. earings £600. valued at £2800.plus others. The gold souks can be a bit daunting if you go in blind, but these chaps are first class. mention the retired uk police officer and they will look after you. Back to the Hilton, like it so much we are going back on the executive package in May 09 ( she aint getting no more from ozzy mikes tho!)	
Apr 5 2009 	Excellent Hotel	My wife and I have just returned from a 8 day stay at the Hilton Jumeirah Beach resort. The hotel was spotlessly clean and the staff very friendly and helpful. It was our first trip to Dubai and we had heard standards were very high and the Hilton did not disappoint in any way. Our room on the 6th floor was large and very clean. The hotel is situated next to the newly opended Jumeirah Beach Walk which contains lots of shops and restaurants. The hotels facilities are very good the gardens well kept and it has easy access to the beach which again is spotless. There are plenty of sunbeds and the service around the pool and gardens is good.	
Apr 4 2009 	The hotel staff were ABSOLUTELY EXCELLENT!!!!!!!!	Our holiday in dubai was fabulous, but our service at the hotel was even better!!!! Which made the holiday unforgetable. Because we experienced such exceptional customer service at the hotel we have decided to book there again, when we return. There is a hotel being demolished next door but we didn't even notice it. All the staff were very polite and very pleasant and helpful. The location is right in the heart of Jumeirah and there are lots of restaurants within walking distance. A big thankyou to all the staff at the Hilton well done!!!	
Mar 28 2009 	Almost great	First time I've stayed here and overall it's the best place we've stayed in Dubai. That said, the reception staff are pretty dire. I booked an executive room so should have been checked in on the executive floor - wasn't possible for some unspecified reason. A portly Egyptian manager was rude and obnoxious, not to us but to the couple next to us and to the staff trying to help them.We had a problem with no hot water in the sink but when we called to report it our Egyptian friend told me it wasn’t a problem. Three calls later and I got hold of the duty manager who sent an engineer who fixed it in 30 seconds – about an hour after we first called.The Pachanga restaurant was great. Bice much overated.	
Mar 25 2009 	A Perfect Stay	We stayed in HDJ for one week from March 14 to March 21. We only have good things to say about this hotel. The staff and the facility of this hotel are truly 5 stars. Special thanks to Adel Ashry, Guest Service Manager. He went out of his way to insure that we had a great stay in this hotel.	
Mar 24 2009	Reception staff are a disgrace at this Hotel!	This hotel was meant to be part of a dream holiday to Dubai &amp; South Africa. I chose this specific hotel for it's beach side location in particular. I booked an Executive Room through Expedia and assumed that this would be a superior room to a standard and would have a decent view. The hotel reception staff at this hotel were absolutely awful, they allocated us a room overlooking the hotel being demolished next door &amp; a Tower block. On requesting a different room away from the construction &amp; with a partial or sea view, we were told that because we had booked via Expedia &amp; not through Hilton direct we were only allowed a Tower View Room. I argued with them that I had simply booked an Executive room via Expedia and it did not specify either a sea view or Tower View. I had incidentally put a special request of a sea view on my expedia booking, obviously I am aware that special requests will be considered but not guaranteed. Had my booking stated this room has a Tower View I would have had no complaint but it did not. They also said it was because I'd booked late, again I argued that I hadn't as I'd booked a couple of months ago. The hotel reception were simply not interested in our disappointment at having to look at a Tower Block which looked like something out of Benidorm, very depressing (see pics). How strange also that our Executive Room was very small in size &amp; did not even have a writing desk in it which is what you would expect from an executive room. Our frustration was made even worse as we walked along the corridors and saw the sea view rooms which had beautiful views. The receptionist said the hotel was full &amp; they couldn't move us, if they had a sea view room available they said we could have paid the extra, I was gobsmacked by this as to why we should have to pay extra. At no point did the reception staff go out of their way to assist us, as far as they were concerned because we had paid upfront via Expedia for the room we were not a concern, hardly service reflective of a 5 star hotel. I argued with the receptionist and told him that all guests should be given equal consideration whether they book with Hilton direct or through another company such as Expedia, why should Expedia customers be penalised and treated 2nd rate. Our annoyance was further compounded when in the lift we spoke to a couple who had moved rooms, this was just after we were told they were full &amp; couldn't move us. I would never book with Hilton as I think the treatment of their guests is unfair &amp; shoddy. The hotel was also reluctant to give me a guest questionnaire to complete at the end of my stay, are they trying to hide something I wonder. I had to speak to the reception manager just to obtain a guest questionnaire, they clearly don't want negative comments. They had posted a letter under my door the day before check out which stated a guest questionnaire was enclosed, I had a terrible time trying to get this from them for some reason, the manager said he thought I'd rather email my comments. I told him I would be doing that as well. This was further noted in the Hotel sports bar whereby on receiving my drinks bill, the bar man had already completed the guests comments sheet enclosed with the bill, needless to say he'd awarded himself excellent in every area, what a joke! The staff in the executive lounge were very good &amp; a big contrast to those staff on reception who need some training on customer service. The food &amp; drinks available in the Executive lounge were very good &amp; the staff very pleasant. The attitude of the reception staff &amp; their lack of effort in assisting us left us very dis-satisfied and the awful depressing room totally ruined what probably would have been a very enjoyable stay.	
Mar 23 2009 	Great	Room was fantastic with view of the beach which unfortunatly was all we saw for three days as suffering from food poison which we got in Egypt. Room service was good lived on corn soup which I can recomend. Managed to get to the beach on last night was so warm and clean. do intend to go back just love the country. Taxi at the door not expensive to take you where you want. staff at shopping center were very helpfull. Hotel very busy and you may have to wait a while before they can attend to you which is a bit of a pissoff as you pay top dollar. Swimming pool packed all day dont bother, just hit the beach. Thank god it was a big comfy bed as we spent so much time in it, do not switch air conditioner off, unlike Australia it does not cool down at night.	
Mar 21 2009 	wonderful escape	My husband and I stayed in the Hilton Jumeriah for 2 nights in March. It was a wonderful hotel. The staff were very pleasent, making sure that we were happy with everything. We had a very early check in, but they ensured that we were only waiting 30 minutes and provided us with tea and biscuts in the meantime. Room service was excellent, breakfast was excellent, and the Cuban / Brazilian restuarant there was our favourite!The hotel has a private beach area, nice swimming pool, wonderful garden area in between the pool and beach for people to sunbathe or just relax. If I go back to Dubai (which hopefully I will someday!), I would definetly stay at the Hilton again. The only drawback is that it was a quite pricey ($485 USD per night for a room with seaview)	
Mar 21 2009 	Very Good Hotel	Very good hotel!Very impressive all round service, friendliness, helpfulness and we needed medical assistance from the nurse - both resident nurses excellent care. Very good taxi availability and accessibility. Great advice within hotel on touring local sights.Traveller's tip on diningFood pricey but plenty and variety of nearby eating places to choose from.	
Mar 20 2009 	Great choice we weren't disappointed	Dubai wasn't somewhere we'd usually choose as a holiday destination, but I was 6 months pregnant and we wanted somewhere easily accessible from the UK, with a bit of luxury and good weather. We weren't disappointed. Having researched many hotels in Dubai, we chose the Hilton based on great reviews and a recommendation from a friend.We arrived from the airport early in the morning (8am) and although our room wasn't ready we checked in and headed to the beach while we waited for the room to become available. We were given a room a couple of hours later. The first room we were given unfortunately had a view of the hotel next door which is being knocked down, not the prettiest of sites so we quickly asked to move and the hotel courteously obliged. All very quick and efficient. Our next room was on the other side of the hotel looking out onto The Walk (the newly completed strip of shops and restaurants) and also the beach, it got the evening sun which was great when having a drink out on the balcony. We had booked through lastminute.com on a room only basis (not wanting to pay what we felt to be high prices for the hotel breakfast or executive option). Room only suited us perfectly as it meant we could eat in the many cafes and patisseries along The Walk or buy a few bits from the local supermarket which was always stocked with fresh fruit, yoghurts, cakes and breads etc. My husband also brought beer at Dubai airport and kept it in the room fridge - a much cheaper option than buying from the hotel.We ate at the hotel a couple of times, once at the pool restaurant which was quite disappointing and then again at BICE which was excellent.The Hilton Jumeirah is a great hotel set in one of the few areas of Dubai which seems to have completed its building works so it was relatively peaceful. It had a nice pool area (although it doesn't get much sun due to it being sheltered by all the tall buildings synonymous with Dubai), but the beach has ample sun loungers (although be warned - it got noticeably busier at the weekend – you’ll need to get to your sun lounger early!). There are pretty landscaped gardens with loungers and seating areas. The gym was great and had state of the art equipment. Staff were all attentive and courteous. Our room was spotless with nice Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries.A great hotel which I'd definitely recommend.	
Mar 19 2009 	good hotel but few problems	checked in at 1330 but the room wasnt ready so i had to wait almost an hour to get my room. i travel 3-4 times a year but this is first time that i had to wait, especially checking in after12pm. and the hotel is very busy. i mean very very busy. every where you go theres people around you. and it do gets annoying after while. i went to the beach but i can't hardly find empty sunbeds. staff and breakfast is very good but if you want a place to relax and enjoy the beach this is not the right hotel for you.	
Mar 19 2009 	Great Beach Location with plenty of Restrauants close by	We decided to book this hotel, after reading many other good reviews from trip advisor, and wasn't dissappointed. We upgraded to the Executive package( well worth it ) as it included Airport transfers, breakfast and access to the executive lounge on the 9th floor where you can enjoy light refreshments all day, afternoon tea with cakes between 15:00-18:00 and alcoholic drinks between 18:00-20:30 with a light finger buffet.Staff were very accomadating, as we arrived on a very early morning flight, and usually rooms aren't available until 14:00hrs, however, they offered us breakfast, and just after that our rooms were ready, about 5hrs early....... Fantastic after a long flight from Bangkok.Breakfast was good, with plenty of choice, and staff very helpful.The pool and beach area gets very busy, but there's always lots happening from a choice of watersports, to beach volleyball or just people watching on the grassed/shady areas. The beach bar has live premeirship football, but don't over indulge in drinking beer, in can be very expensive, about £9-10 per pint and a bucket of 5 corona beers were £36.There appears to be a good choice of food available in the evening from Italian to South american cuisine, but we chose to venture outside the hotel, and explore 'THE WALK' which is a combination of snack bars, restaurants and good shops with plenty of choice, (just remember they all serve soft drinks only).When we plan to head east again, we will definitely be booking this hotel again.Previous reviews mentioned building work close by, yes there is, but after 10 minutes you get use to it, but Dubai in general is a major building project.	
Mar 16 2009 	Exceeded expectations with impeccable service and standards	The HDJ was the perfect place to stay and we will be staying there again because of it's excellent level of service and high standards, not to mention the superb location (with The Walk on your doorstep) and prime spot on the beach. The breakfast was tasty and had choices galore and staff were very polite and professional (especially MM). Upgrading/booking an executive floor room is highly recommended not only for happy hour but for tea and scones too!Our room was spotless and had spectacular sea views. The HDJ offers it's guests FREE use of the internet to check e-mails in their business centre and the BiCE Skybar on the top floor is well worth checking out for it's stunning views of The Palm.We visited Atlantis on The Palm and spent the day at Aquaventure, but it's very out of the way (as is the Burj Al Arab) and really expensive for non-guests at the hotel - for two adults it cost over £120 for the day's waterpark entrance. The water slides themselves are exceptional but it is overpriced and The Palm beach sand quality is definitely not as nice as Jumeirah beach sand where the HDJ is located.The desert safari is also a must do activity in Dubai and there are several tour reps around the hotel who can organise the day's trip for you effortlessly. Sand dune driving was fun and exciting and the BBQ dinner is of the highest quality.The malls are plentiful, Dubai Mall in particular was great because of the huge aquarium, but be warned - they are very expensive to shop in and some shops are even more expensive than those in the UK.The Madinat souk was the most chic and up market souk around and remember not to seem over eager in the new gold souk because the vendors latch on very quickly and it's hard to get out of the shop and even more difficult just to browse!The HDJ has regular FREE shuttles to and from most malls and souks so it's worth taking advantage of them and getting a taxi back as they are very cheap.Finally, dining out was not too expensive although alcohol is pricey - we recommend trying the indian restaurants there. The HDJ restaurant food is worth experiencing because of it's high quality and wonderful presentation - go on, treat yourselves! We rate the HDJ 5 stars plus.	
Mar 13 2009 	Simply superb!	As 95% of the reviews are positive, our expectations were high and yet we were amazed at the top-class service and facility; friendly and helpful staff, spotless private beach with ample sun loungers (you don't need to fight over them. Lifegurads get them and spread the towel on them for you.), clean and bright rooms (you do hear traffic noise if you open the patio door.), well- equipped gym, reasonably-priced spa and the executive lounge. Oh, what can I say about the excutive lounge? Charming and very helpful Iman and the team made sure that me and my daughter enjoy the fabulous breakfast, afternoon tea with freshly baked scones and snack, happy hour drink with cold and hot canapes in the evening to the full literally. We didn't need to eat out at all. It is such a good value for money, highly recommended. Executive plan also includes return airport transfers, excective check in (even 8am-we had our first breakfast within 15minues of our arrival to the hotel), help with your travel arrangement... the list goes on and on. I can't wait to go back there when the Walk (the first outdoor shopping mall in Dubai) is completed. I was so pleased to have chosen Hilton Jumeirah and not the ones on the other side of the Walk as it is much noisier and dustier. The demolition next door was nothing compared to downtown. At Hilton Jumeirah, you get this relaxing beach holiday feeling. I was so refreshed even though our stay was just for the long weekend that I went back to work on Monday straight from Heathrow with a beaming smile like the Hilton staff!	
Mar 13 2009 	Nice Hotel - great location good service BUT VERY EXPENSIVE	5 nights booked through lastminute.comFriendly staff, good service, always cleaning and it's spotless, good choice of restaurants,beach bar is great as is the steak restaurant with excellent food BUT prices are crazy - drinks are more expensive than Atlantis on the Palm where we went one evening.Hilton prices: water on the beach £5 per bottle, BBQ dish £60 (!)Watersports and boat trip booked through the hotel are VERY expensive - 15mins water skiing is £32 compared plus you have to wade out to the boat with your skis and haul yourself onto the boat with no help offered.Breakfast is excellent with a huge choice to suit everyone a great start to the day.Excellent well equiped gym.We all enjoyed our 5 days here, Dubai has become very expensive. For example on departure from heathrow I looked at a pair of Chanel sunglasses cost £245, in Harvey Nichols in Mall of the Emirates they cost £400 !!!! Even the sales assistant in Gucci said when we compared rpces, &quot;It is more expensive than London&quot; I appricaiate that the exchange rate has changed but gone are the days of having a great shopping experiance in Dubai!I dread to think how much a week here would cost with a family !I know a lot of other people have complained about the construction ( the building being demolised next door) There is hardly any noise, yes it is ugly but that is part of staying in Dubai	
Mar 13 2009 	Very pleasant and full-fill all your expectations	I'm completely satisfied with the Hilton Jumeirah. Its both a business hotel and a leisure hotel in the way you get the high business service along with the cosy resort. You will find everything you are looking for and the service is briliant. The hotel itself is perhaps a little bit outdated, but the people and the service carry great weight. We had a King Corner room with was fantastic with a direct view of the beach and acess to the executive lounge. The breakfast buffet in the lounge comes with serveral options (compared to the executive lounge breakfast at Hilton Dubai Creek) and I'm happy we didn't paid extra for included the Hilton breakfast buffet in the rate. Location is perfect with the own beach and life/security guard wich really took good care about the Hilton guests - no others was allowed to be or pass the beach (wich had their own camels). Just around the corner you have several shops and coffee places. The Spa was nice and the staff friendly, however - it was not fancy and had boring surroundings. The restaurant BiCE was very disappointing. Lack of service and over-priced. A real shame. We had room-service once wich was much better and good valued. The buffet restaurant is also good (standard Hilton).	
Mar 12 2009 	Relax in luxury and be spoilt with service	This was a &quot;treat yourself to luxury&quot; holiday for my wife and myself, having both taken early retirement in 2008. We wanted 5 star and got it!We normally like to stay at places where there aren't many people, so this was a change for us as Dubai is a very heavily developed city with far more than its fair share of skyscrapers, plus the current world's tallest building. However the hotel and its own private beach made up for it. The service was first class and nothing was too much trouble for the large number of excellently trained staff. The ratio to guests was more than adequate. We had travelled on a &quot;red-eye&quot; overnight from Heathrow and our room was not ready when we arrived, so we waited 30 minutes with free drinks/coffee laid on. The HIlton is only 10 floors high, unlike the surrounding blocks which go up to 40 storeys or more. TIP::: Even numbered rooms tend to be facing the car park and beach (preferable) Odd numbered ones also tend to be facing the beach but take in the demolition of the hotel adjacent!Food was very expensive. Even if you were only utilising the hotel buffet it was abolut £30 each. There is a 'Ruby Tuesday' restaurant on the Walk - food good and reasonably priced. There's also a KFC if you're desperate, and the prices there are about the same as in UK.The pool is adequate, but invariably in the shade. Sounds good in theory for a hot country but there was a strong wind generally coming off the sea which made it pretty cool when you came out of the pool. Sun loungers all over the place, we tended to favour the beautifully manicured grass terracing but there must be over 100 loungers on the private beach, which is swept every evening.There were plenty of touristy things to do for the week that we were there, but we limited ourselves to the helicopter flight over the city/The Palm/The World. Not cheap @ about £230 each for half an hour but an unforgetable experience. We passed on dolphin watching and safari - been there, done that.Cosmina on customer services was great!But then - the hotel was great too!!	
Mar 12 2009 	Astounding East meets West Holiday	We spent 5 nights at The Hilton Jumeriah. It was a wonderful hotel, exceptionally clean and comfortable, the pool areas and gardens to the private beach were superb. Booking the Executive level is a must as Dubai is extremely expensive. The Happy Hour (which is actually two &amp; a half hours long) saves you quite a lot of money if you enjoy a couple of beers or wines. The Staff were so attentive and knew your name from the first time you entered the Exec Lounge. Nothing was too much trouble for them. The Pachanga Resaurant was also good value for money. We were there to celebrate our Ruby Anniversary and they made quite a fuss of us. The Location is also extremely good. Can't wait to go back	
Mar 12 2009 	Brlliant Hotel with friendly helpful staff- Would recommend	This was our first trip to Dubai and the hotel was recommended through Airmiles. We had a warm welcome on arrival. Check in is at 2.30pm but our early flight meant we were there at 9am. The staff had our room ready in twenty minutes. They had left a lovely birthday cake in our room to celebrate my husbands birthday which was a great surprise. All of the staff are helpful and kind. The new developement of &quot;the walk&quot; with restaurant and shop adds to the appeal of the hotels location. As with everywhere in Dubai there is construction work in the area but you would not notice any noise or interference. We would really recommend staying here and look forward to returning.	
Mar 9 2009 	Excellent hotel in a brilliant location	We returned to the Hilton Jumeriah having visited last March (08). We couldn't fault the service this time and the latest development in the surrounding area (The Walk) made the location even better than last time, as there were lots of restaurants to choose from right on the doorstep. This made the trip more affordable - the hotel is quite pricey for food and drinks, but the local restaurants are UK prices. We were also able to get breakfast from local cafes or one of the many Starbucks nearby. Would definitely recomment this hotel to others.They are knocking down the hotel next door, but it really didn't affect the holiday as you can't really hear the demolition and if you choose to sit in the gardens or on the beach, you wouldn't even know it was happening.	
Feb 28 2009 	Brilliant	2 nights stopover on the way to OZ, couldn't fault the Hilton in any way, we were upgraded to a suite on arrival, breakfeast was amazing, staff were friendly &amp; helpful, we will be booking again later this year for a weeks holiday, we just couldn't fault the place!!	
Feb 27 2009 	Fantastic	Have just spent six great nights at the Hilton Jumeirah and would definitely return. The hotel is in a great location with easy access to a variety of restaurants, the rooms were spotlessly clean and the service impeccable. The breakfast buffet had everything you could wish for and there were plenty of staff on hand to bring hot drinks literally within twenty seconds of asking. The demolition of a nearby hotel meant that I chose not to use the poolside area but thankfully the beach area wasn't too badly affected by the noise. The hotel runs a free shuttle service to the other end of town which was useful, although taxis are very cheap. Apart from the demolition work, which I assume is outside of the hotel's control and a warning has been placed on their website, I found the hotel to be quite noisy at night with the bed vibrating when the doors of the neighbouring rooms were shut.The staff seem to take a personal pride in ensuring that you are being well looked after. I was put off by the extortionate prices of the drinks, even at the beach bar, but instead chose to dine at the local restaurants which offer comparable prices to London. It's definitely worth buying some wine at the duty free to drink on your balcony.	
Feb 24 2009 	Couldn't ask for better..!!	Just returned from a five night stay at the HDJ and there's just not a bad word to be said about the place. We booked an Executive room, walked into the hotel at 04.00 hrs and were checked in and in bed within fifteen minutes.The Executive Lounge is fantastic for breakfast and in particular for the &quot;Happy Hour&quot; between 18.00 &amp; 20.30 hrs. Service from each and every member of staff in the hotel is above and beyond. We were asked one more than one occasion &quot;Is there anything we can do to make your stay better&quot;..?? The simple answer to that was no, everything was spot on from the laundry to the beach bar and the executive lounge staff too.The hotel is in a fantastic position too, just stroll out the front and you're on &quot;The Walk&quot; which always has an atmosphere and will only get better as more shops &amp; restaurants open.Will definitely use the HDJ again.	
Feb 21 2009 	Fab Hotel Best Staff	We booked the Executive Room package which we found to be excellent value as soon as we arrived early morning after an overnight flight. Our room wasn't ready - it was 6.30 a.m. - so our bags were secured and we were guided to the Executive Lounge for breakfast straightaway. The staff are so friendly and hospitable at this hotel, it really is a case of they cannot do enough for you, and this was our experience for the 4 days we were there. The grounds and facilities are excellent - lots of options for lounging around in the sun, either in the pretty and well maintained grounds, by the pool or the beach. The Executive Room package provides afternoon tea and happy 'hour' drinks and canapes. The staff make an effort to remember your name and provide friendly, efficient and generous service at all times.Our room was very comfortable, bright and clean and there is a well stocked mini-bar, although complimentary bottled water is provided every day. We would certainly stay here again - the staff take a pride in looking after you.	
Feb 19 2009 	Fab stay at the Hilton Hotel Jumeirah Dubai	Just returned from a week at the Hilton Hotel Jumeirah Beach, having lived in Dubai for a period and also holidayed there on serveral occasion the Hilton Hotel Jumeirah was excellent. The room was good, the breakfast buffet gave plenty of variety and everything was freshly made. Some noise by the poolside from the Oasis Beach Hotel next door which is being demolished. This was the only negative point in stay. But this was minimal, and never disrupted or spoiled our fab stay. The highlight of the holiday at the Hilton was the Staff, they were absolutely superb. giving 110% at all times. Well done Hilton Jumeirah !!!	
Feb 18 2009 	A good choice	We choose the Hilton Jumeirah for a 4 night break having read the previous reviews on Tripadvisor and were pleased that the hotel fully met our expectations. We chose an Executive Towers room and the service was excellent. Whilst the hotel reataurants are very expensive (sadly typical of modern Dubai) the hotel location gave plenty of opportunities for other eating options, 'The Walk' development around the hotel is almost complete and there are Mexican, Italian, Indian and Arabic restaurants offering good quality and reasonable prices. There are many more restaurants due to open over the coming months.The hotel ground are well laid out with a large pool area and plenty of sunbeds in the garden areas. Although lacking the glamour of some of the newer hotels in Dubai, we would throroughly recommend the Hilton Jumeirah for a relaxing break.	
Feb 18 2009 	Excellent Hotel	This hotel was everything we expected. The service was excellent, concierge very, very helpful. The breakfast was good. Room very nice. The only downside to this hotel is the construction work but I think you would expect that in any hotel in Jumeriah Beach. Would use this hotel again next time.	
Feb 3 2009 	Excellent room and service	We stayed here one night before boarding a cruiseship and wehad the most pleasant stay. Staff is very helpfull (we arrived at7am and our Suite was ready). We booked executive floor andthe airport transfer was free. Dinner at the Argentine Restaurantwas excellent. We'll come back.	
Feb 2 2009 	Really Nice Hotel	I have been to Dubai quite a few times now and stayed all over but this was the best value for money hotel I have stayed in. Weather was 22 - 25 degrees which made it even better. The hotel was friendly very welcoming would do anything for you even give you a welcome drink on arrival. Let me check in at 9am after a long flightt which was excellent. The hotel has its own perfect beach. It really gives you everything you need. Clean, tidy huge room. All the little luxuries that make it a five star. The location is also perfect for shopping and restaurants, literally just outside the door, they also have shuttle to major malls. Only 2 downsides 1 is the building work as people have said but in Dubai your lucky to get away with that anywhere. The 2 is that drinks, food in the hotel are not just expensive but bordering on obscene especially alcohol, I worked it out and its nearly £7 a pint of beer/lager even a pint of coke cost £4. I had a chicken burger and chips and a pint at the beach bar and it cost me £18. Still outside the hotel you have loads of restaurants, Burger King KFC etc. I had breakfast included and that was excellent huge choice to choose from well worth including in the rate. In short I will be going back.	
Jan 31 2009 	Just Superb!!!!!!!!!!!	Booked this trip away for myself and my girlfriend as a Christmas present, and in one word BRILLIENT! The staff were superb and so so attentive to you and your every request. Landed early morning and when got to the hotel at about 9am the check-in staff were more than happy to check me in straight away (normal time is 2pm) so we could freshen up and get in straight away. The only downside for this was that it was a “tower” view that was at the back o the hotel and looked up and down “the walk” area behind where restaurants, cafes and shops were that was bustling day and night. I am not going to lie to you there was demolition of the hotel next but one, but it was fairly quiet and not happening all day, I booked knowing this and was not off put with it in the slightest, with the speed that it is coming down by end Feb. it will be gone.I booked the executive package that is a MUST you get a room on the 8th or 9th floor and access to the executive lounge that is open all day and serves breakfast, afternoon tea and, evening drinks and canapés all included in the price, the staff in the lounge were lovely always willing to help with anything and just there to keep you happy.The one thing you have to do is the desert safari that I booked at guest relations, at a cost of 250dhs each. For your money you get 2hrs “dune bashing” when you driver and guide points the 4x4 at impossible sand dunes and then goes for it!!!! At the end of the drive you get to watch an amazing sunset over the desert before taken to a camp where camel riding, belly dancer and a bbq buffet is served up for you. All this was superb and we did it on our last night and was an amazing end to a superb holiday.In conclusion the hotel is perfect for any type business, beach (that it has it own private with butler service) or just a getaway as it is in the heart of a growing area.Please note that on our first day we tried to walk for a bit but sadly with the building work in the marina area it is virtually impossible. Take taxis they are dirt cheap and everywhere.Thank you to all the staff of the Hilton this was my first stay in Dubai and first at a Hilton and I will defiantly say it will not be my last at ether would go back in a second, in fact as I write this I am looking at a cold Yorkshire morning wishing I was back in the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah	
Jan 26 2009 	My fav hotel in Dubai	The Hilton Jumeirah is located in the Jumeirah Beach Resort (JBR) on the Walk. The Walk is a lovely cobble-stoned street with plenty of restaurants (affordable, with good service AND food) and shops. It is roughly 40 minutes from the airport (85DH from the airport, 60DH to the airport in taxi).The hotel has a very good service, from the reception to the room service and offers all commodities: pool, beach, gym, several restaurants, etc. The rooms are clean, all with a (rather) small balcony. Rooms with a view on the beach enjoy a huge panoramic window to make you feel like you're relaxing on the sand already.	
Jan 23 2009 	Never again	Me, my 5 year old daughter and my parents stayed there in january 2009. We arrived at the hotel after a 20 hours journey and great was our surprise when the girl at the reception told us we have to pay a 700 USD deposit for each room, otherwise we cannot be checked in, that even if we had payed for the trip since october 2008 and the TUI catalogue and our travel agent never mentioned something about deposits. Above that I got no discount at all for the child.This was very unpleasant because you plan your holiday budget and all of a sudden you are 700 USD short.Also, my parents traveled to Dubai 6 times and stayed only in 4 or 5 star hotels but never encountered this problem and that rude front office personnel, which almost threatened us as we refused to comply. Their solution was in the end to remove the drinks from the minibar.I had a deluxe double tower view room and my parents had a sea view room. Instead they got a room with the main view of a building being demolished and a little sea, with all the noise and dust that comes with it, but with a difference in price of almost 800 Eur per stay.My room had a communicating door with the room next to us, which was very noisy as you can hear everything from the other room: TV, toilet being flushed, talking and also nocturnal activities. Noise came from the above room also and from outside, as the tower view rooms are next to a very busy promenade where all night until 2-3 o'clock ferarries, porsches and motorcycles pass. Also do not try to go out on the balcony as you will smell like burned fuel-allot of pollution.The room was nothing special and the bathroom a little small, clean. The breakfast buffet was also Ok, with all the usual food for breakfast in every hotel.It was my first time in Dubai but will never return, skyscrapers, lots of concrete and glass, lots of traffic are not really my thing.My opinion is that Dubai is too expensive for what it offers.	
Jan 22 2009 	Lovely Hotel	We had a short four night break at this Hilton, having stayed there before we knew what to expect. The staff are extremely attentive, polite and helpful. The hotel is now not surrounded by building works as most of the adjoining buildings are now complete (apart from the demolition of the hotel next door).The room was very good and the bed comfortable. We had access to the executive level which was very good and again the staff could not do enough for you.The pool area is very nice and the beach good and you can see the new hotel &quot;Atlantis&quot; from the beach.Outside the hotel &quot;The Walk&quot; is a good promenade of shops, cafes and restaurants saving the journey into the other parts of the city. We dined at Cocos - very reasonable, Duo was very good where you can dine from a good italian menu. The steak was very good. We also had an exceptional chinese meal at The Peacock inside the Sheraton Hotel prices are similar to that in the UK but things in general have got more expensive.We took a trip to the new Dubai Mall - which still not fully open (lots of the shops say coming soon) was very surreal. It was empty, it has a huge waterfall, huge aquarium and an ice rink inside. The gold souk is also a good place to be amazed by the jewels on offer! All in all we had a very pleasant stay the weather was good and the hospitality good. We are planning our next visit next year.	
Jan 19 2009 	Perfect for our stay	We loved this hotel.We stayed on the Executive Level so a fabulous buffett breakfast and evening drinks and apps were included.The workout facility is fantastic.Pool area is nice as is the beach. Spa treatment was reasonably priced and awesome.Jumeriah Beach Residences are directly across the street, the bottom 2 levels feature shops, restaurants,etc.You will need a cab to get around, but they are very cheap and easy to come by. Room service was very good also, and all the staff were extrememly courteous. Would return here in a second.	
Jan 18 2009 	Christmas at the Hilton Jumeirah	As a frequent traveller to different Hiltons worldwide we chose yet again to return to the Hilton Jumeirah Beach for our first Christmas in Dubai (22/12/08 - 30/12/08). Whilst the decision was made with some trepidation (Would it be festive for our 10 year old daughter and concerns re the construction) it turned out to be a decision without regrets! Having seen many stages of the areas development from the hotel's opening 8 years ago to the intensive development of the last 4 years , &quot;The Walk&quot; is now nearing completion with the many shops and restaurants giving a feeling of a new location which will appeal to many. It is convenient to have a pharmacy, small supermarket, Costa Coffee and Subway close by especially as Dubai is now an expensive location. We would highly recommend this hotel for a Christmas vacation given the efforts of the hotel and staff to provide a festive atmosphere and fun for all the family!! Best of all the hotel provides high quality whilst retaining a relaxed atmosphere together with some original staff ,the greatest asset of all to this hotel!! Whilst there is the demolition of the Oasis Beach taking place creating some noise pollution which may irritate some visitors this had little impact on our enjoyment. The refurbished Executive Lounge is far superior and at no time did we find it as overcrowded as in the past, definately a luxury worth adding to your stay! A special thank-you to Imran and Fe who were always smiling and helpful!! No doubt we will return again, &quot;Can't Wait!!&quot;	
Jan 16 2009	do not stay here	Please, please do not stay here. I went with my mum for a 'mum and daughter' getaway in November 2008. We were told our room wasn't ready, therefore were given a room to freshen up in and were told we could change later. We had paid extra for an upgraded room. We ended up having to move rooms three times and were still not given the room we paid for. The receptionists were completely rude and unhelpful and couldn't quite work out that a mother and daughter were on holiday together without a man in tow. The room was basic in my opinion, to say this is a four/five star hotel. To cap it all, obviously they took our credit card details for incidentals; when we checked out, we actually paid cash and were told our credit card wouldn't be charged. Surprise, surprise, it has been, despite phone calls, and many emails, we are still doing battle with this hotel to get our money back. Shoddy service from the Hilton chain. I wouldn't stay here again at all.	
Jan 14 2009 	Another Wonderful Christmas	I last wrote a review on this hotel two years ago and this was my 4h visit to the Hilton over the Christmas period. Six of us stayed from 18th December for 11 nights. There was me, husband, son and mate, daughter and boyfriend - a spread across the age range. The Hilton has on every occasion been exemplary, not to be faulted and it was no different this time.. Yes, as I wrote before it is dated in architecture and room decoration, but what it lacks there, it makes up for in service. The hotel is small compared to the other &quot;bling&quot; hotels in Dubai but is more personal. The executive room give access to the executive lounge - a good place to relax with pre -dinner drinks and canapes &quot;on the house&quot; as well as breakfast and nibbles throughout the day. The prices in Dubai have shot up and to have alcohol provided is a bonus (especially with four youngsters).The attitude of the staff is wonderful. They remember your names and even remember you from previous visits. The beach and bar is perfect and unlike the larger hotels the distance from room to beach is not far.The surrounding area of the Hilton is now developed. Five years ago it was cranes and dust. It is now FINISHED and the &quot;Walk&quot; as it is now known, right outside the hotel is buzzing with locals, expats etc. There is a large &quot;cafe culture&quot; and the restaurants and cafes are thriving with some excellent places to eat. Of course no alcohol is served outside the hotels. In the evening the lighting and vegetation, balmy air and high grade shops make for a lovely setting. A lot of the other huge hotels are isolated in as much as they are on main roads with nowhere to walk.Just beware, Nowhere in Dubai is cheap!	
Jan 6 2009 	Very good service!	I stayed on the Hilton Jumeirah Beach between the 17th and 20th of december 2008.Before giving any futher details, it is a very very very good hotel. Yes, it seems outdated. It seems like an old dwarf among everything else in Dubai, but they make up for it.I booked two executive rooms. The complimentary airport transfer was very efficient and the driver very pleasant. I had spent the day before in Paris and did not sleep in the airplane. When I arrived the hotel, at 8am, I was expecting to do the check-in and have to wait until 2pm. First surprise. Unexpectdly I was told that the rooms were not ready but they could provide me a &quot;temporary&quot; room to take a shower and sleep. This was very nice. Second surprise. I was also told to go have breakfast with no extra-charge.The third surprise is that one of my rooms would be upgraded for a huge corner suite. Ok, there was no balcony, but the room was bigger than my flat in Brussels.The following days were very nice with absolutely no flaws. Even when there was a minor problem, everyone would be so nice and sympathic that you would not feel it. The beach of the Hilton is very nice. I was told that is one of the few places in Dubai where you can still get real waves on the sea. I find waves funny :). The service on the beach was also perfect.As I had an executive room, I had access to the lounge for Tea and snacks in the evening. The arabian sweets were very good. The snacks in the evening could replace dinner easily.The only thing that was not that good, was BiCE restaurante. A little bit overpriced and not specially good. Anyway, again, service was perfect.In summary... the hotel was great! It is ugly, but flawless. I had never stayed on a Hilton before, but after this experience I will try always to find one nearby. And if I ever go to Dubai again, I will, even if I try another hotel, spend some days at the Hilton.	
Dec 17 2008 	Lovely hotel shame about Dubai!	We stayed at the Hilton for 4 nights, we had access to the executive lounge but couldnt get a room on the executive floor so we were given a choice of free stuff or free lunches to compensate. The staff are lovely but over anxious to please - I had 3 different housekeeping staff come to the room in 30 minutes checking different things. Next door to the Hilton a hotel is being demolished so there was some construction noise - we were told this before travelling. The hotel is located in the marina which is itself under construction - I have never seen so many tower blocks in my life and doubt will do again! I suppose as they say it will be lovely when its finished!!!	
Dec 17 2008 	Excellent Hotel	We booked a last minute trip to this hotel based on the good reviews on Trip Advisor. They were right! We stayed for 5 nigthts at the beginning of December and opted for the Excecutive option.The hotel was clean and tidy, right on the beach with a lovely pool area, garden and private beach front. What makes this hotel though is the staff, they are excellent. I am pretty well travelled and have stayed in some excellent and expensive hotels but this hotel beats the lot as far as service is concerned. Unlike many other hotels though, the service is not designed to make you tip, there is a genuine desire to make your stay as pleasurable as possible.The staff in the &quot;executive&quot; lounge in particular are outstanding, nothing was too much trouble (hi to Imran, Yvette, Neil, Brian and all the ladies!).I would highly recommend the executive option. Although it will add to the cost of your stay it will probably save you money overall and make your stay more enjoyable. The breakfasts are excellent, afternoon tea is great and the evening drinks with canapes lovely. The lounge itself is a very comfortable and relaxed environment. Eating in the hotel restaurants is expensive (about £40 for a pizza!) so the lounge can help you cut down on expensive means elsewhere. Drinks are also expensive so with the pound being so bad at the moment I think the lounge is well worth the money. If you go executive don't forget you can also ask for a pick-up to and from the airport for no extra charge (a nice big beemer!)The hotel is located on &quot;The Walk&quot; which has new restaurants and shops opening all the time. Its a nice location to go out for a stroll along the walk in an evening. The private beach is excellent, nice poolside and beachside bars and lovely landscaped gardens.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel. When I am next in Dubai I am sure to stay here again.	
Nov 30 2008 	Good hotel but very very busy	I stayed here for two nights at the end of a holiday in Dubai/Oman. Had stayed for the first few nights in Bur Dubai and wanted to see another part of the city. The Hilton was a really nice hotel. But absolutely manically busy, the lobby was a bit like a train station. The staff are really nice but you get the feeling that they are running on empty as they have so many people to run about after you. We were upgraded to a sea view room, which was lovely. The breakfast in the hotel was great, really good selection of everything. There is direct access from the hotel to the beach which is really busy (reminded me of Rimini in the 90s) - lots of beautiful, young people, and it's fairly hectic. There's a good atmosphere around here with several bars and restaurants close by. The hotel is at the very fringe of the &quot;new dubai&quot; area so if you want to go to other areas of the city it's a bit of a trek. I imagine this would be good if you wanted a beach holiday and weren't really interested in exploring Dubai but it might be better to stay slightly closer to Jumeirah if you wanted to go to other areas. All in all it was pretty nice and a good holiday atmosphere. The only thing I would say is that there were lots of old couples (Germans and Russians mainly) hanging about in string vests etc which wasn't so nice - it seemed to be a slightly cranky older crowd that were staying here but I think you get that in a lot of places in Dubai!	
Nov 30 2008 	Highly recommended	Just returned from the Hilton and thought that the hotel and staff were fantastic. We booked an executive room, which wasn't huge but the additional attention to detail throughout the stay was worth it. We were met at the airport by a driver offering us complimentary water and face towels. The queue for taxis was massive despite being midnight, so it was nice to be able to go straight to the car. The transfers to and from the airport are included when you book an executive room.We didn't book breakfast because we noticed that the executive rooms allowed access to the executive lounge and we thought that we would be able to get pastries and coffee from there. We hadn't realised that a full breakfast was served each morning in the lounge - then afternoon tea and then evening drinks and snacks. All food and drink in the executive lounge is complimentary (including alcoholic drinks between 6pm - 8.30pm). You could probably eat in the executive lounge all week and never buy any food! But the restaurants in and around the hotel are also varied and generally reasonably priced. All of the staff were incredibly helpful, efficient and friendly. From start to finish, the stay at the Hilton was great. It is 'only' 10 floors high and now surrounded by high rise buildings but this is really a criticism of Dubai - not the Hilton. I think that the hotel, private beach area and pool were lovely and if we were to return to Dubai, the Hilton would be our first choice.	
Nov 23 2008 	Loved this Hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights. Hotel spotlessley clean, staff fantastic and in a great location who can beat it? Plenty of places to walk to around the hotel, great pool and beach.Would definately stay here and recommend to friends and family. Good location and easy access to all main attractions. BiCE sky bar a must for evening cocktails. Dubai still in deveopment so lots of building works but this didn't spoil our break - what a place............will be back!	
Nov 18 2008 	First class	Having had to move from another hotel as a result of poor conditions what a joy it was to arrive at the Hilton. The front desk manager, Damir Kartal, set the tone for our stay. We had a room on the executive floor and it was pleasure all the way. Breakfast in the executive suite, all day light refreshments, afternoon tea and scones, and free alchoholic drinks between 6 and 8 pm . Most rooms have a sea view, the pool area is well laid out there are ample beach beds and first class service is on offer everywhere. Eating is a joy, you can stay a few days and never visit the same restaurant and the food quality is very good. the view across the Jumeirah Palm is wonderful and on the landside the new shopping Mall is almost fully open. The very busy Abu Dhabi Dubai road is very near yet the hotel location is on the beach and it is impossible to hear any traffic noise. Certainly a hotel that provides stunning levels of service and must be on the &quot;we will return list&quot; for many.	
Nov 17 2008 	Great View.	We had a wonderful room with expansive views over both the pool and beach. The Hilton gave good service and the room was both spacious and cool. The pool area and outside eating area are great. We did think the restaurant meals were quite expensive for what you got.	
Nov 16 2008 	Amazing Experience	We had booked a Suite and a car to collect us from the Airport. We were met by a very courteous driver in an immaculate BMW 7 Series. Once in the Hotel we were escorted for private check-in on the executive floor (as part of our room cost). However, we were told that we had been upgraded to the largest room the hotel - The Royal Suite. It was amazing with 4 balconies and incredible views and a jacuzzi!! We also access to the complimentary food and drink on the executive floor which was off an excellent standard. Additionally we made full use of the Bice Sky bar and private hotel beach. I would certainly recommend the hotel, as we also saw other standards room that were of a high quality. Furthermore, the Hilton staff were always on hand and very polite and smiley at all times.We had a wonderful experience purely because of the care and attention from the employees of the hotel.	
Nov 6 2008 	Not that good !!!	Booked the Hilton Jumeriah on trip advisor reviews and also due to being a Hilton Honors member, we thought we would get the best of both worlds.Have stayed in Dubai before so expect high quality in both standards and service and expected the normal Hilton standards too. It was OK !!Traveled with 2 children aged 5 and 11 months.Flew with Royal Brunei who were absolutey fine. All on time and well looked after which is all that is required.The inside of the hotel was clean and tidy, the outside around the pool area was very dissappointing. Very dirty, very dusty and not kept to the normal impeccable high standards of Dubai hotels.The hotel is very expensive, especially for drinks. ( About £15 for one beer and one glass wine !! ) As is all of DubaiThe food in the hotel is very good,excellent selection for breakfast. Peranga's restaurant is excellent too, however very expensive. Made to feel very welcome especially with the children. The barbeque on the beach front serves wonderful food and has the most friendly staff.We had use of the executive lounge which offers afternoon tea and free canapes and bar, between 6 and 8.30pm, which was great. This is particularly useful if you have children, as 3 of the bars in the hotel will not allow children in. This had not been the case in other Dubai hotels we have stayed in.You cannot purchase alcohol in any of the restaurants outside of the hotel on the Walkway ( except Wagamamas ) neither do they sell alcohol in the supermarket. You might want to take some with you from duty free !!!!The kids club was excellent, very friendly staff and my little girl loved going there for a few hours each day. An array of all sorts of toys and games, all of high quality and extremely clean and tidy. You do have to stay with children under 4's.The pool itself was great for the kids, with a small kidies pool as well. By about 12 ish the pool was completely shaded so no worries of kiddies beng out in the sun all day.The beach are was clean and well looked after and the sea beautiful.I will point out though that they have started to knock down the hotel ( Oasis Beach ) directly next door to the Hilton Jumeriah. Talking to the Manager the area is to be replaced with a Hilton Beach club, apartments etc. This is obviuosly gong to involve a tremendous amount of building work and distruption and is literally behind the wall next to the pool area. You may want to check how much distruption this is going to cause.Although we had a great time and LOVE Dubai itself, I would think twice about going back to this hotel. There are so many other fantastic hotels in Dubai that are definitely rated higher than this one.	
Nov 4 2008	not up to Hilton Standards	We stayed for 4 nights a this hotel (stopover from Bhutan) and we would never go there again. The staff were very friendly. No remarks there but the room. First of all the drapings around the boxspring of the bed were dirty and torn. Second there were the curtains (in urgent need of replacing) stained and torn in some spots. Also the lamphoods of the readinglights near the bed needed some cleaning. This is definitely not worthy of a five star residence. Then there was also the beach area. The cusions of the lounge chairs could do with replacement or upholstery. It is not the first time we stayed at a Hilton Hotel/Resort but this one was definitely not up to Hilton standards or 5star standards.	
Oct 29 2008 	Great beach location - shame about the building works	For the past 4 years my husband and I have always chosen this hotel to stay in when visiting Dubai and probably always will. Its great to visit if you are a couple or a family, they never put one before the other.We have stayed both using the executive services and just B&amp;B and have never felt let down by either. If you have kids and can afford to pay a little extra then I would recommend the executive rooms as they can snack and drink all day long.The location is super as they have their own section of beach that isn't allowed to be used by anyone other than hotel guests and visitors (so no construction workers invaiding your privacy) you can look out from the beach across to the Palm and its just far enough out that you don't get bothered by tourists.The only let down is the huge amount of building works being carried out around the whole of the area, but that isn't the hotels fault. You'll get construcation everywhere you go around Dubai currently.This place is laid back enought to let you be what you want on holiday but at the same time they are there to cater to your every need.	
Oct 18 2008 	Still a great stay	Stayed here 3 years ago and had a wonderful time hence the return. Rooms and general decor as good as before, it never seems to show any sign of wear and tear.Booked executive floor as before as well but stayed longer this time and made the most of it. It really is worth the extra money especially for the drinks in the evening (6pm to 8.30pm) - free beer, wine, some spirits and a number of hot and cold canapes...considering that a pint of beer in the bar is nearly £6, this is a welcome 'freebie'. The staff in the lounge were fantastic.The whole area around Jumeirah has changed radically, and for the better. There are a number of good food places (Wagamama which is the only restaurant outside of the hotel that serves alcohol, Pizza Express opening soon, a number of sushi bars, Starbucks, not to mention a couple of supermarkets). It will be interesting to see how the hotel positions itself against these new places - you are no longer beholden to hotel prices for water etc. You are unable to eat and drink your own stuff by the pool but at the moment this is not a rule for the beach. A number of times we nipped to Subway for a £2 sandwich when beach prices would have put it nearer to £10.Ate in Pachanga and had a good meal but didnt rate BiCE as highly as previous visits. I think because prices in Dubai seem to have really risen but the level of food has remained high but not high enough for the cost. Also ate at Verre (Gordon Ramsay) at the Hilton Dubai Creek..fantastic, just dont have the duck..tough, apparently due to Halal preparation?!Gym was great, especially the Powerplate - massage was pretty good as well.Only downside to the hotel would be the concierge - none of them really seemed that interested in being helpful or doing it with a smile which is in stark contrast to the rest of the hotel staff.All in all a very enjoyable 10 days lying on the beach and thoroughly enjoying the executive lounge.	
Oct 6 2008 	fantastic hotel	we stayed in this hotel in august we stayed on the executive floor so had the cocktail hour, high tea and breakfast.the hotel is beautiful the rooms are spacious the staff very attentive. the restaurents first claas the salsa restaurent beautiful food and great atmosphere we went 3 times in a 4 day stay.my only gripe would be the childrens club we have stayed all over dubai we live in riyad the week before we had stayed at the oasis beach hotel before it closed and the childrens club was first class. in the hilton the staff in the kids club are not interested my children wanted to leave after 10 mins. so that could be better also the children were not very welcome in the executive lounge which is different then other hotels on jumeriah beach.we did love it and would go again.	
Sep 27 2008 	Fantastic Place	GREAT hotel very very clean, organised and relaxing. Book the executive room, you get unlimited buffet breakfast, afternoon tea and cake and also unlimited alcohol drinks from 7pm till 9pm along with nibbles. It is worth every penny and great value for money. There is a special floor just for executive club members and it is a little peace of heaven.Restaurants at hotel are excellent, recommend you try BICE Italian restaurant very good value for money and home cooked food by top chefs.The rooms are a good size very clean, we stayed on the 7th floor and had a good view. Your bedding is changed daily and there is a turn down service on the evening including chocs.You also get 2 free bottles of water in your room daily, which is a welcome gift after a day at the beach or pool.The beach is private and a security guard stops any non hotel guests getting in. Beach is clean (man made) and water sports available as well as camel rides.Disappointed in pool area, its quite small and never any beds available although there was a certain type of person around the pool so it was actually quite nice to be able to get away from that atmosphere and use the beach.Shopping is good, although please do not go out without respecting the local customs. Dubai is quite relaxed for a Muslim country however it is respectful to cover your shoulders and legs down to the knee when leaving the hotel. You see very ignorant people showing no respect and thinking they were on a holiday to Ibiza.Don't be one of those 'brits' that get tutted at and badged as typical!	
Sep 16 2008 	Another Great location to stay	What can I say about this hotel except what a great time I had here. I looked at lot of the reviews before I went and did worry adout what some said aboud the surroungings to hotel but to be honest I shouldn't have been. Most of the surrounding construction has by on large been finished. This was now a great walking area. And from either room pool or very,very nice private beach no work can be heard. The staff as as frendly as you expect to find in and good hotel. I had no problem with the room. It was very clean. well maintained and everthing I needed from a hotel room was there. Yes you can se some work going on on one of the Palms but only in the distance and far away. And it is good to see the lights at night. The hotel has two very,very good restaurants. The Bice and the Latin-inspired Pachanga restaurant. However being some one who likes a good steak I strongly reccommend the latter. WOW what a good meal. It searved one of the best steaks I have had and the whole meal was a joy	
Sep 3 2008 	Flexible and Friendly	Was in Dubai for just a day for a meeting, and got in on a red-eye flight arriving at 6am. The front desk was very helpful and check in was quick and efficient, and I was given a room immediately on reaching the hotel at about 7am-No fuss, no trying to find out which tier membership i have, nothing...On reaching my room, I discovered that I had left my mobile phone in the cab (again!). When I got in touch with the bell desk, they were very helpful, called my India phone repeatedly, till the cabbie answered and dropped it back a short while later.Breakfast was decent. They swapped my breakfast to the day i checked in as I was leaving early next morning.Rooms are generally good, funclional, and very clean. Slightly small though. The balcony is another plus which could certainly be a very very big plus during times when it is not a sweltering 41C outside.BiCe the italian restaurant, is very good. Great ambience, great food, and impecable service.The only hitch i found (maybe it was specific to my room) was that the shower water was either very hot or very cold, and the mixer could somehow never settle at an in between, comfortable temperature. The service guy who tried to fix it seemed to suggest that this is a problem he knew happened often.Other than this, everything was fantastic. Taxi's are easily available. The beach is at your doorstep. Mall of the Emirates is 15 min by cab. Downtown about 20 mins.Will certainly stay there again, as well as recommend to others.Please make sure you book on the net directly with the hotel, as the rates are much better than what agents offer (as I discovered).	
Aug 30 2008 	Hilton Dubai Jumeirah	i booked via hilton.co.uk and stayed i king suite its located at the bottom of jumeirah beach near dubai marina hotel has excellent facilities for kids our 4 year old loved the baby pool and kids club hotel is very clean rooms are excellent service was fantastic walk out of the hotel straight to the beach close to emirates shopping mall to try the ski dubai overall excellent stay cant fault the hotel would definetly stay there again	
Aug 27 2008 	Perfect Stay	Not up to the looks of the Burj or the Kempinski, but a what a perfect little gem the HJ is!Located on its own stretch of private beach everything from checkin to checkout was perfect.The pool is not that huge, and people get their towels down early…. However, they are missing the point.The beach is 2 minutes down the hill, and there are ample sunbeds and the most beautiful waters, the beach is spotless, no litter.. whatsoever ( minor point , but worth mentioning).There is also a games room on the 6th floor with PS2’S and table tennis and a selection of gamesThe gym is huge and there is a steam room and sauna on siteWe went in August and in the hot months the sand is very hot, as is the water, so be warned those who cant stand the heat (literally)Practicalities:There are numerous restaurants in the locality : Chilis, Starbucks, Le Pain Quotidien, to name a few ( KFC opening soon), look a little harder and there is a supermarket across the road. So get fruits/water here to ease your bill.The complimentary shuttle runs twice in the morning to Mall of Emirates , into Diera and onto Dubai Creek Hilton. In the afternoon every hour to MotE.A taxi to the airport will cost AED 50 -60 and there is a rank outside the hotel, to MotE about AED 20.	
Aug 20 2008 	Superb Location	This is a fabulous hotel. We booked this for our first trip to Dubai as a family and were advised to stay here by friends and family.Great service from arrival through to departure. Great place on the beach and kids loved the kids club which is provided free.Breakfast is a brilliant selection of everything you could want and overall staff were excellent.I stayed with wife and two young kids and was given a double room with two queen sized beds with balcony. Rooms kept clean and tidy and balcony allows you to quickly dry the clothes from the beach and pool.	
Aug 19 2008 	Nice hotel surrounded by a building site	We stayed at the Hilton for three days at the end of our tour to China. The Hilton was quite a way out of the city, near to the new marina being built. All around the hotel was only what I can describe as a building site. There was dust and building works everywhere. However once inside the hotel you would not have know this at all, The hotel was clean, there was no noise from outside what so ever, The hotel was very pleasant, the staff were very friendly, the restaurant had a good choice of food and the swimming pool was adequate. The prices in the mini bar in the room were very pricey as were the drinks in the bar. The hotel is situated right on the beach which is beautifl. There were camels on the beach and plenty of sunbeds. There is a bar at the beach. The water sports were extremely expensive. A boat ride for half an hour cost £30 each. Dubai itself is fantastic with so much to do and see., Wild Wadi water park is a must. The entrance fee is a little high but is well worth a day there. My son loved it. Shopping in the City and at the Mall of the Emirates is never ending. If you get to go to Dubai early in the year when the shopping festival is on, a visit to the global village is the most amazing experience, There is a fair, street entertainers, loads of shopping and many many restaurants. We took a trip, which i booked in the UK on a 4 x 4 desert adventure. We were picked up at 2.30pm and returned about 9.30 in the evening. We spent a couple of hours on the sand dunes in the 4 x 4's then went to a camel farm and onto a village in the dessert where we could do sand boarding, camel rides, watch the birds of prey , or belly dancer. We had a b b q and then returned to the hotel. A great day out. I would stay at the hotel again but i would prefer to stay somewhere a little nearer to the city. Having said that whilst the building work is going on there are some fantastic deals to be had at the hilton and other hotels in that area. Could not fault the hotel.	
Aug 18 2008 	Still very good	This is the second time we have stayed at the Hilton in 12 months and would still highly recommend it. The hotel has undoubtedly got the best spot on the beach as 200 yards either way it is a bit messier and the water is cloudier and is now smack in the middle of all the restaurants on The walk. There have been substantial changes in Dubai in the last 10 months, some for the good and some for the bad.The bad.Cost, Cost, Cost, CostI would say the Dubai is at least 30% more expensive than it was last year which was a shame but inevitable i suppose therefore budgeting is essential.The goodThe walk is almost completed at the jumeirah beach residence and this is a huge plus staying at the Hilton. You now have an array of good quality restaurants and shops just across the road which makes life so much easier. You have the following restaurants at the walk available.DUO (Italian) opening this week.Chillis - American grill (good basic food)Mexican (very good)Ruby Tuesdays - American grill (Excellent)Sukh Sagar - vegetarian (Excellent)Chowking - Chinese (Very poor)Wagamamas - Asian (Very good)Deli next to Starbucks - (Very good)Noodle Room - Chinese - (Very good)The Fish and Chip shop - The air con was broken when we went and the place was full of flies which no one working their seemed to mind which put us off.Plus a few more that are opening soon. All will cost around £25 - 30 for two adults and a child with non alcoholic drinks. A word of warning though, none of the above have any concept of portion control therefore order half of what you would like as we binned far too much food as there was always far too much to eat. Wagamamas are the only ones that serve alcohol.There are two supermarkets, one in the Oasis beach tower building and one up stairs at the JBR. Both are really cheap and were used daily for soft drinks and snacks as paying up to £2.50 for a can of coke in the hotel was painful. The supermarkets were also handy for lotions and toys for the kids to play with in the pool.We revisited a couple of all haunts such as Souk Madinat which still has undoubtedly the best restaurants available in the area. We revisited &quot;USHNA&quot; which was still very good but did not justify£100 for the three of us bearing in mind we had a vegetarian Indian meal at Sukh Sagar equally as good if not better for a third of the price.The Meat Co - (Excellent) - Still pricey at around £80 for the 3 of us but well worth it as the steaks were fantastic.The Mall of the Emirates - I still highly rate the food court their as you can eat for £15 for three and still have a reasonable meal. A special mention goes to Beirut for their mixed kebabs. Fantastic.All in all shopping is still cheaper in Dubai than in the UK so don't kill your self here to buy everything at home as you can save a few £ out there.My Top tips for the Hilton and Dubai are as follows.When you arrive at DXB buy all of you booze their. It is cheaper than in the uk and a lot less hassle. Buy a couple of slabs of cans of beer as £6 a pint is expensive. The hotel did not seems to mind this at all as long as you confine it to your room.When checking in at the Hilton ask for a room with an odd number or pool view as all even numbers with a sea view look out over a small building site and a very large car park for JBR. Save the cost of a sea view as it is far to hot to sit out anyway.Stock up on cold drinks and snacks from the supermarket and use the fridge to cool them. We used the mini bar and replaced them from their each night.Go during Ramadan as it is much quieter and cheaper.	
Aug 13 2008 	Great Stopover	We needed a place to relax for 6 days on our way home to NZ from the UK - we chose this hotel after reading other reviews on all Jumeirah beach hotels in our price range. The Hilton Jumeirah Beach was brilliant - we paid a little extra for the &quot;executive&quot; option, but was worth it as it gave access to the Executive Lounge for quieter breakfasts and evening drinks (free). Be aware a couple of the bars allow smoking, but there are areas where you can have a drink in a smoke-free environment. The staff were helpful and courteous - we would stay here again!	
Aug 12 2008	Hilton - WOW!!!!	Wow is all I can say. this is not the most modern looking hotel in the area but location wise it is perfection. The actuall hotel inside is beutiful, cool and spotless. the rooms are all beautiful and maintained daily with fresh towels and bedding. the staff are second to none and honestly would do anything for you, everything is &quot;yes mam&quot;, &quot;thank you mam&quot;.The pool is of good size but do try and get up early to catch a sunbed as they go quickly. The beach area is beautifully maintained but the sand is boiling hot to run accross.I would stay at this hotel again without a doubt and was completely delighted with our stay there and this is great value for money. there is building works all over Dubai and near the hotel. On the street outside the hotel, which i add gets jetwashed every night and all the lamp-posts cleaned!!! There are several new restaurants just open and are all spotless and so nice.Make sure you visit the Rib room in emirates towers and also the chinese restaurant in the Sheraton hotel next door called &quot;Peackock&quot; the best meal iv had in 30 years. Also visit Waxys and rock bottom cafe for Friday brinch. 80 dirhams gets you lunch &amp; diner along with 5 pints!!!!	
Aug 9 2008 	Nice Hotel	This was our second stay at this hotel. Our first time - it was less crowded and we had a very nice weekend. We were upgraded to a suite and certainly enjoyed it!This time - when we first arrived, they couldn't find our room. They finally provided us with a one bed room (we had kids with us), and we sort of &quot;camped&quot; for the night. The following day, when my husband expressed his disappointment to the front desk, they moved us to a &quot;double-double&quot; room on the executive floor, as well as cut the cost. The service was excellent. The staff seem to always be there at your service. Breakfast was great! My kids loved the &quot;mickie mouse ears&quot; on their pancakes. Nice touch, I thought. Huge variety! Even the OJ was freshly squeezed in front of you! The dinners was very nice too, but then each day is a different cuisine, and sometimes you may not enjoy the selection (this happened to us on the &quot;Arabic&quot; night on Thursday - as we are vegetarians)Hilton probably would need to eventually expand their pool area. There are too many people cooking in that pool together :-) Many have already mentioned the lack of sunbeds - we could never get one! I was a little disappointed at the chidren's area at the beach. The children's playground area was completed messed up at 9 am, the water table was cracked and had no water. When I asked the staff member to fix it for my kid, he acted like he was doing me a special favor, and also tried to explain that everything was broken. It kinda looked like a garage sale there...Overall, however, this was a very good experience, and it is truly a Hilton with all its ambiance. We just happened to b there when it was very crowded. You may also try Dubai Marina Beach Resort (many pools there), and Habtour (sp?). The last one hs great kids pool/slide area, and an extra pool at a different floor level.	
Aug 7 2008 	Wonderful Introduction to Dubai!	Stayed at the Hilton in Dubai last October for 5 nights. My boyfriend booked the holiday only a couple of weeks before we went and this was really the only hotel available at the time. Well werent we lucky, couldnt have asked for more! Stayed on executive floor which was great, worth it for the extra touches.The beach for me was the best part of the hotel, was amazing, as soon as you stepped onto the sand, you where shown a bed and your towel laid out for you. Golf buggies take drinks around and melon etc is given out throughout the day. Also loved the little chairs to sit on in the sea, very refreshing!Overall the Hilton provided a wonderful introduction to Dubai and all the amazing places that come with it! I am now in love with the place!!!Would definately recommend staying in this lovely hotel.	
Aug 6 2008 	SUPERB IN EVERY WAY	We spent a week at this hotel, at the beginning of July. From check in to departure we enjoyed every minute of our stay. All the staff were so frendly and willing to be of assistance when ever needed, nothing seemed to be too much trouble. It was extremely hot 45 degrees most days but it was suprising how quickly you got use to it. The hotel has a superb location directly on the beach, which we really enjoyed (they even supply you with beach towels). The watersports on offer on the beach were a big hit with our 16 year old son. Those extra special touches like ice cold flannels on arrival/on the beach and the lovely fresh pineapple drink on arrival were a really lovely touch.The room was spacious (even with 3 beds in it) and well stocked with toilettries in the bathroom. The room was kept clean, to an incredibly high standard, every day.We booked half board in the Oceana restaurant and the choice of food each night was amazing, with a different theme every night, there was so much choice and we ate foods from around the world.Most of the building work around the hotel has been finished, although alot of the shops in the complex opposite the hotel, are still unoccupied.Taxi's were extremely cheap to use and the hotel shuttle bus very handy for trips out.A trip to the Gold Souk is intersting, as is a trip on an Abra across the Creek. You feel completely safe wherever you go and the locals are so friendly.Dubai is certainly an interesting holiday destination and we hope to go back sometime.	
Aug 6 2008 	agree completely with beeloxII	agree with all that beelox II says but have t o say that you should ask for the sea view. we got the tower view and didn't see much of the sea for the whole time we were there, very 'conicrete'. Also agree with an earlier coment re sun beds... the pool area is small for the size of hotel and altho they say they monitor the sun beds they don't and there really aren't enough to go around if you don't get down there and reserve your spot with a towel!  we had executive floor access and the staff couldn't have been more helpful...they made it their buiness to know my name and room nuber wherever we were in the hotel. I spent three dyas here catching up with a friend for an (older) girls pamper/relax and it was absolutely perfect for the purpose.	
Aug 3 2008 	Excellent hotel - Friendly efficient and perfect all round	My wife and I have just spent a brilliant week in this excellent hotel. There is nothing I can say bad about the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah as everything was perfect. We arrived late on a Wednesday night, just after 11:30pm – We had transfers arranged with the hotel and they were waiting with a card in arrivals with our name on it – we were led straight to the waiting car ( A white Audi A6) our driver introduced himself and loaded our luggage before we took off into the night – we were given two bottles of ice cold water – gladly received after even a few minutes in the heat of the car park (the temperature in Dubai at 11:00pm was still 40 Degrees C) Approximately 25 minutes later we were arriving at the hotel, we met like celebrities and were not allowed to carry any of our own bags, everything was taken through to us. We were greeted by a man with ice cold towels and fresh fruit juice for us, a nice touch. As we had booked executive rooms we had the choice of going straight to the 9th floor and the executive lounge check in but as there was no queue in the main reception we chose to continue our check in here. The receptionist was brilliant, full of information about the hotel, locations, etc. We were asked if we would like to leave a deposit on our credit card to enable us to book things to the room throughout our stay – which we did, they just take a pre authorisation swipe which reserves a small amount on your card in our case it was about £500 (3200 dhms) following this we were shown to our room on the 9th floor, (957) a Hilton King Executive Plus room, the room was a delight just two doors away from the executive lounge (more about that later) , icy cold silent air conditioning greeted us, a massive king size bed – 7ft x 7ft a nice comfy arm chair and stool, massive bathroom with a bath shower and bidet and a huge selection of Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries – everything is included, shaving kit, tooth brush and toothpaste, shampoo conditioner, body lotion, nail kits, shower cap, shower gell, moisturising soaps. You don’t need to bring anything in this line as everything is provided. There is a mini bar in the room that contains a whole range of spirits, cans of lager, soft drinks etc, the prices are steep compared to the shops but I didn’t think they were too bad, soft drinks were were 14 dhms, a beer was 34 dhms as was the spirits. The mini bar also included chocolate and crisps as well as golf balls sun tan lotion and mossie repellent (though there is no need for this as we never saw or heard any)Our room had a fantastic view looking out over the pool and the Arabian sea with views of the Jumeirah Palm islands and the new Atlantis Palm Hotel in the distance. The balcony is a nice place to sit at night and take a nice drink though beware its extremely hot during the end of July beginning of August. The hotel has a number of bars and restaurants, we never tried them all but the ones we did we had no real complaints about – the Axis bar which is in the lobby is open 24 hours a day and you can get limited food here (the same items that are on the room service night menu I believe) a pint of fosters was 34 dhms and a ½ pint was 24 dirhams so about £4.85 and £3.45 respectively. Cocktails were 49 dhms or around £7 – these prices applied to all the bars we used, including the swim up bar. The best bar for relaxing with a great view over the area was the BICE skybar – on the 10th floor – open till 02:30 in the morning. As I said we had an executive room that gave us access to the executive lounge, this is quite a large and newly refurbished area, that has a small library and daily newspapers as well as a ouple of internet terminals (charges still apply here). The executive lounge opens for breakfast and is a mix of self service and waiter service – when you enter you find yourself a table and then the waitress will take your drinks order (fresh coffee, tea, any fruit juices) and she will take your toast order. At this stage you can order any eggs you want too as the only self service egs on the hot plates were scrambled. The room is laid out in sections, you have one section that contained a whole range of breads, pastries, cakes jams honey etc etc, then another that contained all the fruits and salads and cheeses along with cereals, then you had the general hot items, grilled veal bacon, veal sausage, hash browns, tomatoes mushrooms etc, then on the end was the “pork station” this is where the pork bacon and pork sausages along with hams and salamis were. You helped yourself to all these items – as much as you liked – and constantly through the breakfast staff will be asking to top up your coffee/tea and juices etc.The lounge is open all day for you to help yourself to soft drinks just take from the fridge and if there staff are aware of your presence they will fetch you a glass with ice/lemon etc. there is alos a coffee machine for freshly made espresso cappuccino chocolate etc. At 3pm they bring out a high tea, lots of strawberries, cream chocolate sauce along with freshly baked scones, and other cakes. There is also a selection of small sandwiches. This lasts till about 17:00. At 18:00 they provide you with small snacks of nuts, crackers cheese and normally three or 4 hot items like samosas or chicken nuggets etc. Your free alcohol drinks are served during this time 6 – 830pm – these consist of bottled beers, red and white wine (decent stuff) and a limited amount of international brand spirits (vodka, whisky, gin, white rum, baileys ) they never had any bourbon. He loung is a nice setting with a number of balconies if you can stand the heat. The executive lounge is a must, such good value when you realise what you get included. By taking an executive room we got the breakfast thrown in and the transfers to the airport and back a well as the general exec lounge access for drinks.. If you are going out and about the bell boys will summons a taxi for you – they queue up outside the hotel in a special rank and were always available apart from Friday lunchtime when the muslim drivers go to prayers – we had about 30 minute wait for a taxi on Friday lunchtime. Taxis in dubai are very cheap from the hotel to mall of emirates was only 20 dhms less than £3 – the hotel puts on a courtesy bus but its hardly worth the saving when the taxis are so cheap – no where in the Jumeirah area was more than £4 – even when we went to the Deira area the fare was only £8. This is an excellent hotel and very good value. You will not be disappointed with your choice of hotel when you get here….I would go back without hesitation.	
Jul 24 2008 	Lovely hotel	My boyfriend and I have just returned from a 9 night stay at this hilton and would certainly recommend it. The staff are friendly and and will go out of their way to help you. The rooms and pool area is spotless (however there did tend to be a lack of sunbeds). As it was so hot (av 45oC ) we did not use the beach area much, but this too was a brilliant setting and maintained well. The room service we ordered on a number of occasions was at a good value and of good quality however the food and drinks around the poolside are more on the expensive side.Overall we had a really lovely stay at this hotel and would definitely return at some point in the future!	
Jul 19 2008 	Superb!	My brother and I decided to spend a few days in Dubai and this hotel looked great...and it was! The staff are super, the facilities are great, the pool is large and kept at a good temperature and the private beach is an absolute treat.Just something about Dubai in general: you should be aware that Dubai is not the kind of place where it is easy to get around. If you are going to go for this kind of hotel, then you are opting for a &quot;beach holiday&quot;. Traffic is extremely heavy and making your way from the beach resorts to the city can take up to 1.5 hours. That being said, if it is a beach holiday you want, a hotel like this Hilton is ideal.	
Jul 14 2008 	excellent hotel	Have just returned from holiday at Hilton Jumeirah and just had to leave a review of this hotel which is excellent. We stayed here 2 yrs ago and had same opinion then although at that time the surrounding area was a building site with a lot of noise and we didnt know whether to choose this hotel again. Im so glad we did all the building works finished and theres no noise ,also across the road theres now lots of shops, restaurants, cafes, banks an excellent supermarket and a pharmacy.We ate at hotel last time but this time we went across the road to ChowKing a really good value chinese, chillis (if you like a lot of food on your plate go there), we also hired a car this time which I recommend it was quite cheap and great for exploring you do have to be aware they drive differently from home ie overtaking on any side but you soon get used to it also most places its free parking we even ventured into karama at night for some (real fakes) as they call it got some great bags .Finally I would recommend this hotel as the twice weve been its been great cant do enough for you and very polite and friendly staff	
Jul 7 2008 	Fantastic	Stayed end May with my 14 year old son. Treated like royalty from the time we were met at Dubai Airport, until we were dropped off for the flight home six days later. Rooms are very comfortable and kept immaculate. Restaurants (we tried them all!) were very good, including the buffet, particularly breakfast. The service at this hotel is second to none, the staff cannot do enough to make for you. Only grumble, the reserving of sunbeds around the pool area (mainly by the Brits I am sorry to say). The hotel should take action to stop this. Plenty of beds on the beach. As with other areas of the hotel, service around pool and beach areas outstanding.We had afternoon tea at the Burj Al Arab which is an absolute must, and stretches out over a couple of hours! Highly recommend the Hilton, we will definitely be going back.	
Jul 6 2008 	Heven on earth	This was heven on earth. We arrived in the afternoon, the heat hits you when you leave the airport to get in you ac people carrier, you get complementy ice cold water and cold flannels which was great. When we went building work was beeing done outside the hotel,but once you enter the hotel you cannot hear any thing. You are treated like royalty from the time you enter to the time you leave. Our room was buetiful.Breakfast was served till 11 would come down at 10 30. I am not a breakfast perosn but the breakfast was delicoues, everything was made infront of uou fresh even orange juice, was amazed at the variety of food especially if you are a vegaterian. The pool area it great , lots of places to sit down on. We went injuly just before the kiddies holidays, the sand is so hot you cannot walk on it. The sea was lovaly,warm and clean, the beach was spotless. Because of the heat we spent the afternoon at the hotel, and went out late afternoon. The shops open till very late and that is not food shops all sorts clothing electronics anything. This was a mum and daughter trip we felt very safe travelling at night in the taxies. They are all registered, so no problem.	
Jun 25 2008 	Outstanding	This hotel is brilliant, everything about it is excellent. The most notable part of my stay was the outstanding staff, there were plenty of staff who treated you like royality. Check-in is fast and efficient, you even get a welcome drink upon arrival, which after a long flight is perfect at 2 in the morning. The rooms were nice, spacious with a balcony overlooking the amazing jumeirah beach, the pool is small for the hotel, but this is made up for by the private beach that is pciture perfect, once again, there is a beach bar where the staff are excellent. Would highly recommend and hoping to go back later in the year.	
Jun 24 2008 	amazing hotel (except for Fridays)	An amazing hotel. The rooms are amazing, the pool area is fab and the food is very good too ( but quite expensive). A few minor points thoughthose in the executive floor are treated much better than those in other floors and there is no consistency as to who receives an upgrade to the 9th floor.the pool area is fab but there is limited sunbeds around the actual pool area. Also on fridays (the first day of the weekend in Dubai) the place was overrun by locals who were extremely unfriendly to other guests but very friendly with the management . From the pool I even saw an English couple being asked to give up their sunbeds for 2 local guys. I would not have minded if they were guests but they were obviously not. The management need to address this. A minor worry for an otherwise amazing hotel.	
Jun 21 2008	Smashing hotel	top class hotewl that is run like clockwork. bedrooms are beautiful and kept perfect by the mountains of staff. food is gorgeous and the beach, pool and outdoor amenities are second to none	
Jun 18 2008 	excellent hotel love dubai	Excellent hotel love dubai. We are booking to go back again in october . The only fault is the airconditioning everywhere is so cold. I stayed at the sheraton 2 years ago with my husband which he prefered as there was more going on at night but i found the hilton a good location and great restaurants only fault is if you want something to do at night the hilton is very quiet. The meridien hotel about 5 mins away has an excellent large outside bar that you must visit.	
Jun 16 2008 	Excellent Short Break	I spent 2 excellent days early this month at the Hilton J Beach and loved it. Was picked up at the airport and driven to the hotel (given a cold towel and water in the car). The airport pick up was complimentary of the hotel as I had booked an executive room. Check in was swift via the executive lounge and even though I arrived at 8.30am I was in my room 20 minutes later and had been upgraded to an executive suite. The staff are just wonderful. Nothing is too much trouble. It's worth booking an executive room as the perks are great. Breakfast, snacks and soft drinks all day, 6.30-8.30pm happy hour and evening nibbles - lovely.The pool area gets busy as from 9am in the morning but beware many send husbands/boyfriends to secure a lounger at the crack of dawn by placing towels - Hilton please sort this out. Had dinner on Sunday night at the Oceana very nice and not too pricey. Beach was good, quiet and no onlookers. Hotel provides bus services to Mall of Emirates and the Gold Souk which is quite handy. I was on my own on this trip as it was business but if I had gone with my family would have found eating lunch and dinner at the hotel too expensive for a family of four. Better off having an early swim, breakfast, lunch at the Mall and visit the executive lounge for drinks, nibbles etc that is if you are on a budget. If not have a nice time and one more thing, the suites are quite spacious. Shopping wise don't forget to haggle in the markets - cut the price in half and move up from there. Have a great holiday.	
Jun 11 2008 	Good Stay @ Hilton	Stay 23/8/08 for 4 nights. Easy check-in although english not great of the check in man at 8am after a long flight over from Gatwick. Rooms clean and tidy. Average view, had to put neck out of window to see pool and sea view. Pool area not recommeded for young kids/babies, 1 x very small childrens pool and parents fighting to get beds near pool to be close to kids. Lots of beds for adults, beach etc etc. Staff friendly and helpful. Food good. We were only B&amp;B and it kept us going until later afternoon. All staff really friendly and couldnt do enough for you. We had no issues with hotel at all and would stay again but will probably save up for Jumeriah Beach. Only negative is childrens pool - and they will need one as its so hot!	
Jun 9 2008 	Beautiful hotel	We normally stay at the Hilton Dubai Creek but we thought we'd try this one for a change (it's also cheaper). We arrived very late at night after our flight was delayed and were shown to a room. We were very disappointed as we had booked a suite but we were tired and just flopped into bed. In the morning we queried our booking and were eventually moved to our suite with the sincere apologies of the staff. This room was fantastic and the hotel itself is beautiful. The beach area looked very nice but unfortunately it rained almost all the time we were there and didn't get the use of the beach or the pool. We ate in a few nights and the food was very good and reasonably priced. If we went back to Dubai we would probably go back here as opposed to Dubai Creek.	
Jun 4 2008 	The Wiltshire Review	We wanted a short break somewhere hot &amp; sunny and decided on Dubai as other family members had been to Dubai and said it was a great place for a break. We flew with Qatar ailrlines which were excellent. On arrival we were met and transfered to the hotel free of charge in a BMW as we had booked an 'Executive suite' - this made the start to our break just great!On arrival at the hotel we were given drinks and checked in promptly - another swift and organised service. The following morning we decided to try the Executive Lounge for breakfast as we had booked an 'Executive suite'. It was lovely and quiet and the staff were very friendly and attentive to our needs.The hotel has its own private beach &amp; pool that were excellent and very staffed. I was very impressed how quickly the staff dealt with another holidaymaker who was sufferring with the intense heat. I saw a staff &amp; a hotel medic arrive very quickly to attend to the holidaymaker.We ate in the hotel on the first day which was excellent with a very good selection of vegetarian food. The only thing I would say is that it was very pricey.We decided to try other places like Emirates Mall &amp; Ruby Tuesday - again very good service and nice non-alcoholic cocktails!.Room service was excellent and they paid attention to detail (little sea shells left on the bed) - nice touch.Would we go again - Yes!. we weren't bothered about shopping etc and just wanted to relax, so it was ideal for us.I look forward to going again and staying in this great hotel.	
Jun 4 2008 	Hot Hot Hot	This is an above average hotel, especially if you upgrade to Executive level. Transfer is included and makes such a great start to the holiday. As usual to get to Dubai we had to travel overnight and arrived somewhat exhausted at 8:00 the next day. We did hope to be able to check in early (normal check in is 14:00) but this wasn't possible. Tip: Carry a change of clothing suitable for the sun lounger and also a small bottle of sun tan cream in hand luggage or get a bottle on arrival - Had we done that things would have started a lot better!Got a room a 13:00 but with no balcony (very few rooms at this hotel have no balcony) this was changed straight away, but we had another hour wait for the room. When we arrived in the room though we had flowers, fruit a bottle of wine and a lovely presentation box of dates by way of an apology - a lovely large room with balcony.Food and drinks seem quite expensive here so the happy two and a half hours was very welcome (in the executive lounge all included in the price) The lounge wasn't so much a lounge as a bistro or Cafe area where you could have snacks and drinks (only one settee and two comfortable chairs in the lounge) which was a bit of a pity. However its was very clean and a welcome break from the 42 degree temperature outside. Its worth a visit to a very new shopping mall over the road as they sell drinks a lot lot cheaper.The beach is OK but the sea is lovely. Like stepping into your bath - No seaweed and very few stones underfoot. Would we come back - definately!	
Jun 4 2008	One Year On!	Returned to this hotel virtually a year to the day for another weeks stay to see if they could match the excellent service we received last time we visited. We were not disappointed and if anything the level of service was bettered by the fact we were upgraded onto the executive floor. As far as the facilities and restaurants etc. they have all been mentioned below in previous posts and I have found them all to be of a high standard. There are hotels that are newer and offer more bling for your bucks but this hotel is in a great location, with a great beach and virtually all the major work around the hotel is now complete and your stay will not be affected by any noise etc.  The attitude of the staff at this hotel is second to none, whether at management level or housekeeping/ waiter level they are constantly smiling and cheerful and nothing is genuinely too much trouble to ensure your stay is a memorable one.I initially doubted my decision to return to this hotel again as there is such a choice of hotels in Dubai but after this experience I will no doubt return again next year.	
Jun 2 2008 	Excellent Hotel	Having read the many positive reviews on here for the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah, we were not to be disappointed.On arrival we were greeted with a cold drink before a very efficient check in. The room was spacious and extremely clean, absolutely no complaints on the standard of the room (perhaps only being allocated to room number 666 !!!)The general standard of the hotel was high with public areas being very well maintained. The only criticism I have is the needless ‘reservation’ of sun beds at the pool area by fellow guests. All beds had towels on them from early in the morning when most appeared to be not in use. This is surely something the Hilton could address in some way. This problem did not exist on the beach area however where there were beds aplenty to choose from. The beach was idyllic and was kept superbly clean by the Hilton staff. The drinks service offered around the beach area was also excellent.We ate in Bice &amp; Studio One. Bice certainly had the ambience and décor however I felt is was perhaps a little overpriced for the end product. Studio One was also pricey however the food was plentiful and perfectly edible.As for Dubai itself, it did not live up to all the hype and expectation that preceded our trip. It has a very much unfinished feel to it and I will only return in a number of years to see what it has to offer then. For example, opposite the hotel, they are building an area called ‘The Walk.’ This looks as though it will be a selection of shops and restaurants, which to me is what the vicinity of the Hilton desperately needs. All that was open was ‘Chilis’ which opened during our stay (and very nice indeed.) There was also a Chinese called ‘Chowking’ that looked to be almost ready to open. As mentioned in a previous review, Marco Pierre White and Frankie Dettori’s restaurant is also just across the road. The day we ventured over it had a ‘Closed for Lunch’ sign on the door – yes that’s true !!!A word of caution about Dubai Airport. We flew with Royal Brunei airlines and when checking in to come home we were shepherded to a different check-in location than the Emirates flights. It was shambolic, like a cattle market and a complete free for all as people jostled trolleys trying to push their way to the front. If Dubai is serious with the level of growth in tourism they are predicting, this is a problem they need to get rectified and fast !In summary, if you choose the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah as your hotel you will not be disappointed, top marks from me, if not for Dubai itself as a holiday destination.	
May 31 2008 	The perfect location for honeymooners in Dubai	Dubai seemed the ideal location for our honeymoon. As well as the chance to veg and relax by the beach, we wanted to mix it with sight seeing and a bit of activity and be able to do things at night like go to the cinema or go to a few bars.The Hilton was absolutely ideal with its facilities &amp; location on Jumeirah beach. With it's private beach guarded by the hotel's security and its pool, you can be as lazy as you want or try your hand at the water sports available or use the 24 hour gym.It's also a more chilled out hotel that although it's got a complete mix of couples, families and groups, it never feels as though it's been invaded by the 18-30 rowdy element.The rooms are in very good condition and the sheets are turned and replaced everyday as is the complementary water (which is essential). You've got to be careful of what type of room you get though as you can either be looking at to the sea or the Walk complex or at a building site.I would recommend going B&amp;B as the buffet breakfast is huge and caters for every nationality. Staying Full board is a bit of a waste as there are so many restaurants in Dubai and the general area to suit all tastes.The staff are very attentive, professional and incredibly friendly. We were given free drinks and cakes when the staff realised it was our honeymoon.Bars and restaurants in Dubai are mostly placed in hotels, so you'll find yourself jumping a taxi and hopping between hotels to try them out. The 360 at The Jumeirah Beach Hotel (the Wave) and Buddha Lounge at Grosvenor Place are just 2 good bars nearby while Frankie's (Frankie Detorri and Marco Pierre White's restaurant) is just 5 mins walk away. The Hilton itself has some really good restaurant and bars with the BICE italian, Pachango and the Sky View bar for amazing views of the beach and sea.For shopping, there are malls within 10 minutes by taxi including the Mall of the Emirates with the indoor ski slope, the water park Wild Wadi is close by and next door to the 7 star Burj. A 25mins taxi ride takes you into Dubai city centre where all the famous souks (markets) are.I recommend the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah to anyone who wants to visit Dubai and after going to a few of the hotels in the area for a quick drink during our stay it's certainly the best one on Jumeirah Beach in all aspects.	
May 29 2008	Well worth a visit	We stayed, a family of five, in an executive suite. the hotel was excellent in all respects.The executive lounge is good and the complimentary food and drinks well worth the upgrade costs. Also included is a free transfer from the airport if you book a executive room.The whole experience was good and we felt very good value for money except for one thing only and that was the food which was very very overpriced in our view. What was included eg executive lounge and breakfasrt was superb but f you wanted to buy lunch or dinner or drinks it was very expensive for a family budget. We went to the Malls and local areas to eat and it was the same costs for five as it was for two in the hotel!!Incidentally we flew with Qatar Airwas and they were superb	
May 24 2008 	It's not luxury but it is very good	My wife and I stayed here for two nights (the others were at the Hilton Dubai Creek) and were rather impressed.We checked in very late, almost 2am, and as HHonors Gold members were upgraded from a Deluxe Plus room (one above lowest) to full Lagoon suite, and also given access to the Executive Lounge (this was in addition to getting the 1,000 HHonors points through MyWay). Usually lounge access doesn't mean very much but at this property it is well worth paying for. A decent full breakfast, free alcoholic drinks between 6pm and 8pm and food served throughout the day. Puts a number of Hilton lounges in the US to shame! The service was really rather good and one of the staff members remembered our names, asked us how our day went etc etc. Top notch.The room itself was pretty sizeable, about the size of two normal rooms plus the hallway between the two. One of the rooms was a living room and overlooked the beach area. The bedroom itself was facing more inland, but was at the end of the building so it didn't face any construction.The area immediately around the Hilton is full of what appears to be finished but yet to be occupied buildings. Within walking distance there is significant construction (which affected the roads getting to and from the hotel) taking place but we didn't hear any noise whatsoever.Overall was rather impressed with the hotel. As I put in the title don't consider it luxury but it is a decent place to stay, and good value too. For any Hilton HHonors members out there the recognition is excellent!	
May 23 2008 	Treat yourself to an executive room or suite	I stay in hotels for too much of my life. During the week I spent at the Hilton Dubai Jumeriah, I experienced some of the best and most consistent hospitality I have enjoyed at any hotel around the world.We booked an executive room as the extras you receive from Hiltons are normally worth the premium cost - we were not disappointed.Transfers to and from the airport are complimentary (in the 7-series mentioned by other reviewers)The executive lounge is large with friendly hosts and provides an excellent breakfast, afternoon tea, evening canapes and refreshments (with alcoholic drinks between 18:00 &amp; 20:30). Rooms are the size and quality you would expect from a hilton. Service around the pool and beach is good and includes the provision of ice cold flannels and water melon during the day.The only minor annoyance during the week was the insistence of some hotel guests to rise at the crack of dawn to reserve sun beds and then not put in an apperance till the afternoon. While this did not inconvience us, a few guests that arrived mid-morning were denied beds by the neatly folded towels and token personal possession. We eat at a few of the hotel restaurants:BiCE is not cheap but you get food of a quality that matches the pricePachanga has a great atomsphere with professional dancers performing a couple of times during the night.The bbq food at Wavebreaker is excellent Overall i would recommed this hotel to anyone that values quality and service in a hotel.If your looking for bling though, this may not be the hotel for you.	
May 23 2008 	Good hotel	Hilton Jumeirah is a nice hotel. service is excellent, facilities are good. pool is a bit on the small side. Bice restaurant is overpriced and very average. i had a vege lasagna that was about 2inch by 2inch...... i was appalled at the size of the portions. its a good hotel, but dont eat onsite. go into medinat jumeirah.	
May 19 2008 	Great Hotel	Just returned from a stay at this hotel that is located on the beach around 40 mins from the airport. I can support the positive feedback from other members. The hotel is clean throughout, the staff are first class, nothing is too much bother. There is a good choice of restaurants use on the site. The hotel provide towels for use on the beach &amp; around the pool, the private beach area is clean and tidy and is serviced by a number of staff so you do not have to get up to get a drink!. The price of alcohol is expensive 31 Dirham for a pint of Fosters ( 7 =£1)Outside the hotel all the building work has been completed only the final touches being added along the 'Walk' A number of food outlets are currently being finished or are already trading, these include Chilli's, Ruby Tuesdays, a Mexican, Starbucks, Pizza place. There is also a bank opened opposite with an ATM in the foyer.All in all a fine place to stay with the developments outside adding to the experience. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to other members.	
May 18 2008 	excellent staff at this beach hotel	Stay at this hotel as part of a two centre holiday in Hong Kong and Dubai. Enjoyed our stay at this hotel very much. I had already stayed at the Oasis Beach (which is next door) previously so knew what the area was like. There are very high buildings behind the hotel and there is still a lot of building work going on but this really not a problem so don't let this put you off. The bedrooms are large and immaculately maintained. We had breakfast and dinner included in our rate and enjoyed the food in the buffet restaurant. The main positive feature of this hotel is the staff. They are excellent, always pleasant and deliver a first rate service. The beach area is lovely and loungers and sun umbrellas are plentiful. As mentioned in a previous review red flags are placed on all the beach/pool tables and you just put the flag up for someone to come and take your order for drinks or food. You can also sign for everything so there is no need to take cash down to the pool or beach. I would definitely recommend stayingin the Jumeirah Beach area if staying in Dubai as it worth paying extra to stay at the beach. There are also plenty of watersports available.	
May 12 2008	Standard Hotel with a heart	Although I tend to go for modern design hotels I must say I quite liked the Hilton Jumeirah. You can tell it's a child of the 70s with some recent renovations, but they have kept it up with much devotion making it a very pleasant beach resort away from the city. Having said that, there is quite a bit of highrise bulding going on, throwing their shade on the beach at certain times. Service was excellent. If you have the choice, go for limousine pick up from the airport. You get a brand new BMW 7 series for peanuts!	
May 12 2008 	Brillaint....	I have just returned from a week in Dubai, staying at Hilton Dubai Jumeriah with my family.Hotel is fantastic. Real 5 star. Its in a great location, right on the beach. With a great pool and gardens.There is a lot of building work going on in the area, but we were not bothered by it at all. They thought it added to the overall excitement of Dubai.Staff are brilliant, very friendly. they cant do enough for you. On arrival our credit card was swiped so that they could charge everything to our room which was great and meant we didn’t need to worry about carrying money around with us.The hotel room was large and very comfortable. With massive beds, mini bar, satellite TV, Iron, hair dryer and tea and coffee making facilities. Good size bathroom with bath, shower and toilet. We also had connecting rooms which was good.The hotel, rooms, grounds and beach were all immaculate, and facilities were all spotlessly clean.We stayed on a bed and breakfast basis, but ate in the hotel 3 out of the 7 nights. We ate in the “Oceania Restaurant“ which was a buffet, their was plenty to choose from and the food was gorgeous.We also ate in the “BICE” restaurant, this restaurant serves Italian food and has been voted one of the best restaurants in Dubai. The food was fabulous, though is expencive, but you do get what you pay for.Breakfast is buffet style. They have everything to choose from including bacon which I didn’t expect to see in a Muslim country. Snacks are available all day at the pool bar and beach bar. Drinks were great, you could get everything including Guinness and Fosters. Also they do brilliant cocktails. All alcohol is imported so it is a bit expensive. If you are thirsty on the beach all you have to do is put a red flag up and the man on the beach buggy will be over to take your order.The hotel runs a free shuttle bus to malls and gold souk.The gold was an experience and the gold was expensive, but worth having a look!!!!! By far the best bargains are to be had at the fake market at the “Al Karama Centre“. You just need to tell the man in the shops that your looking for fake designer bags, shoes, sunglasses and you will be taken to a secret room, probably in a different building, and you will enter designer fake heaven… We loved it.We visited “Mall of the Emirates” on several occasions, it is fantastic, and has shops there for everyone on every budget. Also so in this mall, is “Ski Dubai”.. it a definite must whilst in Dubai, you don’t have to Ski, you can just go into the Snow Park, which was brilliant. My sister tried skiing (discovery lesson) she said was fun but her muscles ached for a few days after!!!!.We went on a Dow cruise, on the creek. We cooked it through the tour rep, it was great, the food on board was good and to see Dubai creek all lit up was brilliant.We also had afternoon tea at the “Burj Al Arab”. It cost about £55 each, but worth every single penny. The afternoon tea is actually 7 course, Champagne, Tea / coffee / chocolate (selection available), Sandwiches, Beef Wellington, Sorbet, Scones, Berry Basket, Cakes and Sweets. The hotel is breath taking and the afternoon was defiantly a time I will remember for the rest of my life.We booked and flew to Dubai with Virgin Holidays. We flew economy class, which was fine. The entertainment on board was great, and the seats were comfortable.The weather was great, always in the high 30’s. low 40’s. We come back with a brilliant tan, but I really did think it was to hot some days to sit on the beach, but the malls are always cool ha haAll in all we had a brilliant time and would go back tomorrow.	
May 8 2008 	Just OK	It is very hard to pick a hotel in Dubai but we settled on a beach location and a not too crazy price. So to be honest I was not surprised that this hotel is just OK. There are so many new hotels so in comparison this one probably is a little dated but it is not bad. If we went to Dubai again we would pay more and stay at one of the Madinat Jumeirah hotels. People worried about the building work - do not fear - we had no disruption at all.	
Apr 21 2008 	wonderful	wonderful hotel stayed here from 8th apr to 16th apr the service at this hotel is second to none nothing was too much trouble with all staff members rooms very clean breakfast buffet was well presented and plentiful cherry on the cake are the two restaurants &quot;la pachanga&quot; and &quot;bice&quot; service excellent food to die for	
Apr 21 2008 	Great hotel	This was our first time to dubai and we arrived at the hotel at 7:30 in the morning, although stated on the website the rooms arnt ready till 3pm we were told that we could go for breakfast first and then they would make sure our room was available and it was at 8:30am. We booked an executive room (3 nights) which entitles you to use the lounge in the evening for free drinks and snacks (cant remember exact times). The rooms were comfortable and we had a view of the beach. The staff were exceptional at all times and nothing was to much trouble. The pool area is not as large as I expected but there is a pool bar and in the dubai sun the cool water of the pool was a godsend also while round the pool they have staff coming round with iced towels which was a nice touch. We did use the restaurant on the beach which was ok but we found that the room service was excellent. The hotel is situated on the beach but when we were there the weather was so hot that we didnt venture down there. After our 3 nights at the hilton we stayed at the burj al arab for a treat that hotel is bonkers and although fabulous I would say that the staff at the hilton were even better than the burj al arab, and the hotel was much more relaxing. I would highly reccommend this hotel and I would stay at the hilton again fabulous 3 nights!!!	
Mar 25 2008 	Superb from start to finish	We booked the Executive Plus room which included airport pick up and return. After an overnight flight and clearing the immegration queue it was a welcome sight to be greeted by the hotel driver and taken to the car, BMW 7 series with a welcome cool interior and cold bottled water. We quickly arived at the hotel which like so much in Jumeriah Beach is suurounded by ongoing building. Even though we arrived at 9.30 am and out room wasnt ready yet ,we were quickly checked in and shown to the Executive Lounge where we were invited to enjoy breakfast. Believe me it was a welcome invitation as the breakfast on the Virgin flight left a lot to be desired, even in upper Class.Within an hour our room was ready . Spacios clean and smelling fresh. The houskeeping staff introduced themselves and reminded us that anything we needed was only a phone call away. Everyevening we had a turndown service including fresh towels and replacement of any of the toiletries used. The room was always cleaned to a high standard throughout our stay.The staff within the Hotel were always friendly and welcoming and nothing appeared to be any trouble. Such a welcoming change from some other hotels. The executive Lounge provides , in addition to breakfast, afternoon tea,.great scones,..and evening canapees. Well worth the extra you pay. agaimn the small team in the lounge got to know you quickly and always welcomed you.Everything within the hotel was good, guest comfort and feel good factor being important to all the staff. The beach was clean and sunbeds were always comfortable, its so nice to be escorted to a sunbed and the towels laid out for you. Security staff on the beach quickly moved on any &quot;univited onlookers&quot; and you felt safe at all times. no hawkers trying to sell you their wares.Will certainly use this hotel again when returning to Dubai, yes its on Jumeriah beach with building work going on around you but even so there is no noise to disturb your relaxation. the hotel offers a complimentary shuttle bus into the Malls and Gold Souk where yoiu can wander around comfortably and safely.On leaving the return via hotel transportation was on time and so comfortable, The only time we touched our cases was on arrival in the airport and on departure from the hotel vehicle again at the airport.All in all a wonderful hotel to stay at and I woudl recommend it to everyone	
Mar 23 2008 	Good Hotel - Enjoyable Stay	We stayed at the Hilton at the end of January 2008 and enjoyed the stay. I think it is important to remember that this hotel is one of the cheaper beach front options on the Jumeriah Beach. If you base your expectations with that in mind...then you will not be dissapointed.It is a modern clean hotel...with a good beach. Dining options are good, rooms are a good size, clean and modern. Either side of the hotel is a bit of building site...but its Dubai...so expected. The good news is the buildings behind are all complete...but on either side its pretty messy...so try to get a room which looks out onto the pool.Overall it is a good quality hotel and would reccomend the hotel if you can get a good deal....or if your budget cannot stretch to the LRM.We enjoyed the stay but would probably try another hotel on the jumeriah beach next time.	
Mar 22 2008 	Excellent choice!	Although I am sure there are other hotels in the city that are just as nice, this hotel proivded an EXCELLENT beach view, awesome staff, and plenty of relaxing time! They have a great fitness room and the Skyview bar was excellent! We have no regrets staying here for the two nights that we did! Would go again!	
Mar 16 2008 	Good Hotel...........lacking that something special	My partner and i recently stayed at the Hilton for five nights in one of the executive rooms enjoying access to the executive lounge.This hotel looks like a typical 1970's Hilton building but they make a huge effort to disregard the first impressions. Dubai houses some amazing hotels in terms of design and service so the Hilton feels more practical than 'fantastic hotel'. We could not fault the service, all staff were friendly and the excellent beach service etc was pretty much as good as we have experienced in other first class hotels / resorts. Things such as fresh fruit being brought to the room made a good impression and we had a good room which did not overlook the construction work.The hotel lacks a good ambience and when you visit some of the other hotels in Dubai the Hilton's faults are immediately apparent. The hotel is at the edge of Jumeirah Beach but is close enough by taxi to the main locations. Dubai is a great location for foodies and we had some excellent meals including Gordon Ramsay's Verre.I would not say don't stay here but be aware of what you are getting, it is not a resort hotel and it could be placed anywhere in the world, it lacks character and ambience. However, as i mentioned previously the service is great and it is a great base to explore Dubai.	
Mar 12 2008	Perfect start to a honeymoon	This hotel was the first stop on our honeymoon and we certainly weren't disappointed.The bedroom was very well appointed, with all the usuals you would expect from a Hilton - TV, robes, comfortable double bed, lush carpet, balcony overlooking the sea. the breakfast was amazing, probably the best I've had anywhere!Our travel agent hadn't informed the hotel we were on honeymoon, which wasn't too much of an issue, but after letting the reception know when we arrived we were treated like royalty, getting a room upgrade and a lovely hand-decorated chocolate cake!There is a lot of construction going on outside the hotel, but you don't hear anything in the bedroom as soon as you close the balcony door (you won't want it open as you need the air conditioning!) and the building work is constant, rather than intermittent so it turns into background noise that doesn't grate at all.The pool was beautifully clean, but quite busy, especially when they closed much of the grassed area one day for a wedding. The beach was gorgeous (wear flipflops - the sand burns!) and the sea better than the pool - it was so warm it was like swimming in a bath!You can take a taxi into town, it takes about 20 mins but its much more relaxing than driving yourself, which seems to be a bit of a lottery (cars overtaking in all lanes, and turning right from all lanes too!). You can also go to the other resorts, shopping mall, skiing and on a desert jeep safari if you like to keep busy.Theres a lot to do in Dubai. We stayed for 3 days but would have preferred a bit longer to get to rest a bit between all the activities we did! Overall though, a fantastic first stop on the honeymoon - We'll definately make a point of stopping there again.	
Mar 12 2008 	totally fab experience	Me, my husband and 2 year old stopped at this hotel in Feb 2008. The hotel was excellent, the staff really went out of there way for you, we arrived at 9.00 in the morning and was in our room by 9.10, which was excellent as we had a 7 hour flight.Beers are 4 pound a pint, champagne 100.00 with free strawberries and cream.Food was excellant at the oceanic they have theme nights the only fault would be that one night it was fish only which me and my husband didnt like, so therefor had to eat out.You are well look after by the hotel staff alike.Even the cleaning staff are very courtious. when you are on the private beach there are beach butlers who care for your every needs.There is lots for children to do a play area on the beach and a large play room in the hotel..I would recommend this hotel , taxis are cheap and there is a free shuttle bus to shopping mall. Town centre is 40 mins away no where to walk is the only downside	
Mar 10 2008 	Just superb	I stayed at the Hilton Jumeirah for 4 nights and have to say that this is probably the best hotel I've ever stayed in. On arrival, though it was morning and check in time isn't until the afternoon, we were offered refreshments and our room was soon ready - before 10am in fact.The staff in the hotel are extremely friendly and can't do enough to help, are extremely polite and friendly, and this service never waivered once throughout the stay - I really can't praise them highly enough.There is a breakfast buffet in the morning with an excellent selection of fruit, breads, cakes, yoghurts and cooked items with chefs on hand to prepare eggs or pancakes as you order - nothing pre cooked and sitting under lights as in so many other places.Just outside the back of the hotel is the pool and this leads into gardens which run onto the beach - plenty of sun longers were available and there are bars serving drink and food in all 3 areas - there's also a life guard and security guard on the Hilton's private beach but the latters should never be needed as Dubai is just so safe. Theer are also different restauranst and bars within the hotel for alternative day or night eating and drinking.The city should be about a 15-20 minute cab ride but given the traffic in Dubai, give yourself at least 3 times that long depending on the time of day - still, the cabs are extemely cheap as they only charge for mileage covered and not waiting time, shame London cabbies can't do the same.There is in general a huge amount of building work going on in Dubai but we wasn't affected by any noise at all in the hotel and we had a sideways/beach facing room. If you can look beyond the cranes and building sites, seeing what's actually going on and being built is quite futuristic - and there's still original areas around the creek that offset the modenity of everything else.I found Dubai to be an enjoyable place to visit for some winter sun (summer is unbearably hot) with extremely friendly people and very safe too - as said, the Hilton Jumeirah was just superb and I'd have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and am already looking froward to returning next year - I just hope they can maintain such lovely and high standards. Without doubt, 5 stars from me	
Mar 6 2008 	Agree with prevoius review	Just returned from a weeks stay at this Hilton, stayed in exec. rooms which are certainly worth the extra. As with the review by JJJ2 we would happily recommend this to other travellers. This was our 5th time (1st in this hotel) and will book again for later this year .	
Feb 26 2008 	Best Holiday ever	Hotel: Hilton, Dubai, Jumeirah BeachDate of Visit: 12.02.2008 for 8 DaysVisitor: Surrey, EnglandOur visit the Dubai was the best holiday we ever had, there is so much to see and do in Dubai, that 8 days was not nearly enough, a good excuse to visit again very soon.The hotel was fabulous, the restaurants were as good as a top London eatery, book early if you want to go to the more expensive restaurants, as locals use them as well as hotel guests.The beach was beautiful and very clean. The staff couldn't do enough for you. We staying on the new executive floor 9, which has its own private dining area, with drinks, breakfast, and unlimited food on offer all day and night. I suggest spending a little more and using this floor, but if the budget cannot quite reach 9 floors, the other rooms are just as nice, with pleasant staff.Overall a fab place to stay, even the tall appartment behind the hotel don't phase guests, by 2009, lots of shops will be opened in the area, making it a small piece of Canary Wharf in the sun. Valentines Day is a very special night for all, book for their beach tent experience the evening of valentines, it's beautiful.Can't wait to go again and we will be staying at the Hilton.	
Feb 18 2008	Loved the Hilton!	The Hilton Dubai Jumeirah whilst surrounded by construction was able to maintain its high quality service, cleanliness and staff with a smile!Being greeted with a refreshing fruit cocktail after an overnight flight, and a hot face cloth is exceeding expectations and was a wonderful start to our stay!Room service is on point with great food ..delivered hot as was their laundry and pressing service where they are returned to the closet in the time stated.The beach service, restaurants and bars gave almost limitless options but the cat's cream was their wonderful Spa facility located on the mezzanine floor. Wonderfully tranquil good value and delivering exactly what it advertises..What more can I say?..Definitely try it for yourself!	
Feb 13 2008 	Winter in Dubai	My husband and I stayed at the Hilton, Jumeirah for a week at the end of January. There was a very friendly welcome; the staff were all extremely helpful and courteous throughout the whole hotel - they couldn't do enough for you. The room was very spacious, including a 7' bed &amp; balcony overlooking pool and views of the beach and Gulf (the view also included other very tall buildings and a plot of land, not yet built on). I appreciated the fresh orchids in our bathroom; the decoration of the bed with shells every day and fresh fruit left in our room. The private beach was lovely, as well as the landscaped gardens where we relaxed in the double hammock. As mentioned in previous reviews, the pool is generally in the shade but most afternoons we swam in the sunshine (3pmish). We ate at Pachanga's (Latino?) and Bice (Italian) which we would recommend. Bice Sky Bar had lovely views across the Gulf, lovely for an evening drink. I had a fantastic massage (reasonably priced) and was treated like a princess, once again the small touches made the difference (ie the massage was followed by some time relaxing in lounge overlooking gardens with a tray bearing glasses of sorbet and chilled fresh pineapple juice). Courtesy buses were provided by the hotel which went to the Mall of the Emirates &amp; the Gold Souk. The cabs were very cheap and were the best way to get around town (walking wasn't very easy as there was so much building work being undertaken across the City). In conclusion, we would definitely recommend this hotel for a winter break.	
Jan 25 2008 	Always a pleasure to stay here	The Hilton Jumeirah is always a great hotel. We have stayed here 4 times and it always delivers a great experience.The staff are fantastic, facilities are great, location is perfect.We stayed in a suite and although it is quite pricey you do get what you pay for.The Hilton always makes us feel right at home.Also a big thank you to Roy in reservations for assisting with a very short notice visa application.	
Jan 23 2008	Great HOtel - Pity its in Dubai!	Lovely hotel - very clean- excellent staff - very helpful and friendly - just hated the fact it was in Dubai!! This city os not for us, nothing could prepare us for just how much construction is taking place - its awful feels like the place has no soul.Still dinner at the Burj Al Arab was magnificent and worth the visit just for that one experience.	
Jan 19 2008 	Nice Hotel	Nice Hotel service good. Shame about all the building work going on in Dubai. Was there for one week 10th - 17th Jan we picked the one week that it rained for 7 days. Still warm though but wet and cloudy. Rooms clean and tidy the staff could not do enough for you. As this was my first trip to Dubai did not realise how expensive the city is. Shopping fantastic, I took my daughter, food and meals out great. I would suggest a visit to the cocktail bar Jumerah beech Hotel. The best way to get around Dubai is taxi's the bell boys will signal for one as soon as you step outside the hotel.	
Jan 16 2008 	Outstanding hotel with exceptional service	We stayed at this hotel from Dec 27 - Jan 6 as part of our honeymoon. This was our first trip to the Hilton and to Dubai. From the moment we arrived we received outstanding service. We arrived at the hotel around 9am and our room was ready about an hour later, even though we had not requested early check-in. As soon as we walked in to the hotel someone came around with a well-needed refreshing drink. We went down to the Wavebreaker restaurant for a snack. This restaurant is right on the beach. The menu is the same as ordering from the beach, everything we ordered was good, but after a week seemed a little limited. By the time we were done with our snacks and drinks, our room was ready. We were very impressed with our room. We had read the reviews on tripadvisor, so we were prepared for the views of construction work, but it to be honest it did not bother us at all. We had a delux room with a partial ocean view, which was lovely. Most of the construction is over now, and our view of the beach was just fine. Because we were on our honeymoon they sent us a delicious chocolate cake with &quot;Happy Honeymoon&quot; on it, a card and a bottle of champagne. Every day they sent fresh fruit and boxes of chocolates, I'm not sure if everyone got this or it was just because we were on our honeymoon. The beach was beautiful, it was very crowded the week we were there and every sunbed was taken, but the guys working on the beach went and got one for you right away if there was none available. The service on the beach was great, despite it being so busy. You just had to look up and someone would run over to take your order. We went swimming in the ocean a few times, which was so clean despite all the construction going on. The pool was kind of disappointing, it is completely in the shade, and in Dec and Jan it was cold, although I'm sure it is nice during the summer months. The swim up bar was nice and the water was very clean, but as previous posters have noted, it isn't anything special and most people were on the beach. The free shuttle to Mall of the Emirates, souks, etc is great. But make sure you sign up the day before and beware, the bus driver does not wait for anyone, so be ready and waiting to go!!We found it easy to get taxi's from the hotel, but make sure to allow plenty of time to allow for traffic. On one night we almost missed our reservation at a restaurant because we were stuck in traffic for almost an hour!We ordered room service a couple of times. This was great, they had quite an extensive room service menu, and everything arrived promptly, exactly as we had ordered and hot! BICE - the Italian restaurant in the hotel was good. The food was amazing, but the service left quite a bit to be desired. Our waitress was clearly inexperienced. She was attentive to the point of being annoying, she rushed to take our order, all the food came one course after the next. We were in and out within an hour, which for the price we were paying for the meal was disappointing. The BiCE Sky Bar was great. The views were amazing and it has a very romantic atmosphere. I would recommend booking if you want an outside table, especially later in the evening as it is quite busy. The new years eve celebration was fantastic, all the staff worked so hard. The decorations looked fabulous, the buffet was delicious and the whole evening was really magical. They constructed a dance floor down by the beach, they had a live DJ, and there was a bonfire and fireworks. The hotel staff really made it a special evening, we had a great time. By the time we made it to breakfast the next morning, there was not a trace of the evening before, they had cleaned up everything all through the night. Truly Incredible.Spa - my husband went for a full-body massage, which he reported was amazing. So relaxing and well worth the money. We found that the prices were about the same as you would pay in Europe or in the US. Just some other side notes, not related to the hotel:- I would definately recommend going to the Madinat Jumeirah complex, you cannot believe it until you see it. As previous posters had noted, there are several good restaurants and quite reasonably priced. - I would also recommend Gordon Ramsey's restaurant Verre Creek at the other Hilton, Hilton Dubai Creek. I emailed the hotel to make reservations about 3 months before. The meal was one of the best we've ever had, definately recommend going there. - The souks were fun, but we didn't find things to be that cheap, even after bargaining. Some of the spices are worth buying. We had heard that the souks were lively in the evening, so went around 6pm and thought we would make a night of it. Unfortunately, most of the souks closed around 7 or 8 and we were unable to find anywhere to eat besides street vendors which looked a bit dodgy. - The Jumeirah masjid (mosque) tour which was conducted by the Sheikh Mohammed Centre for Cultural Understanding was excellent. Very interesting and very well done, I would thouroughly recommend this. - We booked a desert safari through the hotel, I believe it was through a company called Planet, not sure though. They ended up showing up an hour and half late, by which time we decided we did not want to go. The hotel was very apologetic about the whole situation, and even sent a bottle of wine to our room with their apologies. We spoke to some people went with Arabian Adventures and they had a great time, so maybe this is a better company to book with???Overall we had a wonderful experience and would recommend this hotel to anyone. The staff were so hardworking and friendly, the service was outstanding, the facilities were clean and beautifully designed, the restaurants were reasonably priced for a 5* hotel, almost everything about our holiday was outstanding. We would definately return to the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah.	
Jan 16 2008 	Wonderful	What an amazing place, service exceptional, could not do enough to help you. Food in Hotel was very good. Pool excellent, gym facilities etc. The only problem was the building work and road works, although its everywhere you look in dubai. The room was not as big as I expected, but very clean and bright. The shuttle bus runs everyday from 9.30 until late evening (apart from Fridays when it only runs in the afternoon) Taxis are very cheap, and are imediate.	
Jan 15 2008 	this place is not exceptional but it's ok!	We spent 3 nights here in mid December on the way back from the Maldives. This hotel is ok if you need to be on the beach and you want a good 4 star standard. In fact it's probably the best value for money beach option in Dubai at the moment if you don't mind being in an unexciting part of Dubai. Whilst everything you'd expect from a 4* beach hotel is there, the Hilton lacks that something special. Whilst architecturally appealing, it now looks somewhat 'undersized' against the backdrop of a veritable 'wall' of drab-looking new apartment blocks which will be ready for occupation later this year. The plot on which the L-shaped hotel sits is rather narrow and it's flanked by empty plots on either side. The higher your floor, the better your view of the Palm Island which is still taking shape. At weekends the adjacent sandy plots are where builders/labourers come to gawk at us semi-naked tourists as well as the families of expats who park their 4WDs as close to the beach as they can.I'll start with the positives:(1) The F&amp;B manager was great, giving us special attention (at least 10 minutes a day), almost as if he suspected we were habitual tripadvisor critics! he conjured up porridge and houmous/pittabread at breakfast specially for us every day. (2) They have one of those excellent DIY fresh orange slicers/juicers(3) The terraced gardens that lead to the beach are pleasant (4) The beach is well serviced with no shortage of loungers, and it's definitely safe. Unlike hotels closer to the bridge to Palm Island, there are decent waves here and the water is surprisingly clean considering all the Palm Island construction work that has been going on for the past 5-6 years. (5) The hotel is clean, as are the rooms: all hallways had just been newly carpeted for example. (6) Our king bed was very comfortable(7) We arrived around 11am and got a room after just 20 minutes waiting time(8) 'Bice' restaurant comes recommended as one of the best in Dubai (looked very good, we didn't try it however).(9) Most guests seemed to be adult couples - not many kids at allHere's where I see room for improvement at a hotel that charges 230 pounds a night or more:(a) Breakfast buffet can get crowded in the mornings. Some plates were old/stained/scratched. The F&amp;B manager assured me they were due to be changed during 2008. I suggested sooner!(b) There is nothing in the vicinity of the hotel to walk to.. apart from other (more expensive, mostly nicer!) hotels along the beach. in due course the Marina area will offer restaurants and nightlife, but strolling there through today's construction site would be far from romantic.(c) Free shuttle bus to shopping malls is a great (and necessary) service. On one occasion we called from the room to book 2 seats. We were told it would be there in 2-3 minutes so we needed to hurry. We were downstairs within 3 minutes but they had let the shuttle depart without us. We can live with this, but the attitude of the doormen could have been more sympathetic.(d) The guests in the adjacent room had 4-5 friends with them from 11pm to midnight and we were not able to drown out their raised voices by turning up the music in our room.. sound proofing could be better.(e) The hotel checks guests as they enter the pool area - a common procedure to keep non-guests from using the beach facilities, but there's got to be a better way of recognising resident guests(f) we'd recommend requesting pool view rooms and preferably a high floor as the view towards the other (front/entrance) side is of empty, sandy plots of land.(g) the well-shaded (by the L shape of the hotel) pool area is uninspiring (all tiles and not much vegetation) and it is too distant from the beach where most guests choose to be during the day. So there's no atmosphere. Hilton Group: ship in some potted palm trees and liven up the place with pool activities, or a decent happy hour!!In summary - this hotel is ok, but I'll be spending a little more next time to stay somewhere that has more of a resort feel. I'd recommend the Habtoor Grand five properties along the beach to the right for example: their gardens are 3-4 times bigger and their pool has a resort ambience (plus 2 championship standard tennis courts). Or of you want significantly better value for money and the beach is all you're after, then try comparable properties in one of the neighbouring emirates such as Ras al Khaimah.	
Jan 15 2008 	a little oasis in a big building site	After booking our room I mailed the hotel to see if they have airport transfers and found out we could have free transfers - BONUSOur flight landed on time but then it took about a hour and a half to clear customes and get our bags I was sure our lift would have gone but NO the guy was still waiting for us. From the outside your heart sort of drops as there is still major building work going on around the hotel, plus the exterior of the hotel looks drab. Once you enter the hotel lobby it is completely uplifting and inviting.We arrived at the hotel at about 8.30am we knew that we'd not have a room but that was ok. As we were on the executive floor we were told to help ourselves to breakfast in the executive lounge. There was a good choice of hot and cold plus you could ask for any sort of eggs you required.Our room was available at about 10.30 - not bad at all. The room is called a two balcony suite so I kind of assummed if you had two balconies you'd be looking out over two different vistas -how silly. The room actually has two balconies as it used to be two rooms which they knocked into one. Don't get me wrong it has been done very well and doesn't look like two rooms. You have an entrance lobby with large wardrobe, iron and board, safe, bar area with coffee machine, kettle, fridge e.t.c a good sized lounge area with a chai and sofa bed which was ready made for our 5 year and balcony 1.Then in the bedroom is a good sized king bed, arm chair and wardrobe and balcony 2. The bathroom is a good size but needed a little maintenance. Some grout has come out/ is comming out of some tiles the shower door doesn't fit properly it is just starting too look a little tired - nothing major yet though. The bathroom can be entered either from the main bedroom or the bar area. The view from our balcony was over a building plot that hasn't been started yet I would like to think that it will be made into gardens for the big new residential block which has been built behind the Hilton BUT I don't know, if more buildings go up there it will effect all the rooms along the one side ( maybe ask for a pool view to avoid this) BUT you would be able to see and hear it from the beach.This hotel is really only suitable for beach sun lovers as the swimming pool does not get much sun at any point through out the day. Although in July and August when it's 40 odd degrees I'm sure this is a welcome cool area.On the 3rd floor is an indoors kids club from 9am till 19.30 where you can leave your kids that are 4-12 years old. On the beach there is also a bouncy castle and two play areas. On the beach by the life guards hut is a big bucket with buckets, spades and other beach toys.We mainly ate in the executive lounge as after breakfast they serve soft drinks and hot drinks all day. Then afternoon tea is served with sandwiches and scones, pluse a few other bits. Then 6 -8.30 pm beer, wine and some spirits are served with hot and cold canapes.We did eat at the beach cafe the food was good, averagely price for a hotel.On the whole a very good hotel the staff were all very pleasent and helpful. The internal decore was very good. Personally I don't think I would return again in the next few years until I knew what was happening to the plot next door! Saying that many of the hotels along Jumeirah beach are in the same situation.	
Jan 14 2008 	Outstanding!	I stayed at the Hilton Jumierah in June 2007, and cannot fault the hotel at all.My room wasn't ready when I arrived so I was deposited in the bar area while I waited to check in, and when I got to my room I was sure there had been some sort of mistake - the room was so beautiful I was sure I had been upgraded, which it turned out I hadn't. All rooms have a balcony with a super view of the Arabian Gulf. The beach is a better option then the pool, which gets busy. Staff are always on hand to fetch a drink etc. Apart from the beautiful decor, the staff are what really makes this hotel great. They are perfectly trained, attentive without being intrusive, and all somehow managed to remember my name. When your taxi pulls up outside, your shopping is whisked away from you and you are followed to your room to deposit it. Everything was spotless, attention to detail was great, and I cannot see ANY reason to stay anywhere else in Dubai, including the Burj al Arab at three times the price.	
Jan 8 2008 	Very nice hotel	Stayed here over New Year. This was our 10th attempt to get in at a hotel in Dubai. From the moment we arrived we were treated like kings. The staff made a fuss of our daughter all the while. Constantly supplying her with balloons. A colouring book &amp; crayons. We were put in a room sea facing on the 1st floor which was very nice. However when we opened the door to the balcony we were above the hotel cooling system that hummed quite loudly. So we asked to be moved &amp; were given a new room immediately with views over the pool/sea. The pool is mainly in the shade all day. The beach was spotless &amp; service on the beach efficient. People seemed to get up early in a dash down th save the front row sun beds. But there was always beds further back free all day. The breakfast buffet was adequate. The Bice restaurant was very good. The Gala New years eve dinner/party was very good. They spent all day decorating &amp; setting up the dining area which looked fabulous. Then there was music dancing on the beach with a bonfire. I would reccommend this hotel. We didnt use the childrens club but had a look in &amp; it was very clean. There was a games room for older kids with a play station &amp; other computer thingys.Taxis - constant taxis available except about 5-6pm in the evening when the have a shift change.The hilton is not the best hotel in Dubai and looks like a typical Hilton however the staff made it exceptional.	
Dec 29 2007 	Fantastic Hotel friendly staff	What more can I say about this hotel other than FANTASTIC. everything, from the rooms, to the breakfast to the friendly staff made it a pleasure to stay at the hilton. fully recomended to anyone, fantastic place to stay in dubai!	
Dec 20 2007 	A first rate efficient and comfortable hotel	We had an excellent couple of days on our way out to New Zealand. The staff were extremely efficient.Our room was spacious, spotlessly clean with a half sea view.When we saw all the cranes around we assumed it would be very noisy but in fact the room was perfectly soundproofed and there was no disturbance whatso ever	
Dec 19 2007 	Loved this Hotel	My husband and I have just returned fom a very enjoyable and relaxing stay at this fabulous hotel. We stayed for 4 nights in an executive room. It was well worth paying the extra for such an enjoyable experience. We arrived early on Wednesday morning and our room was not ready but we were directed to the executive lounge, where we were made very welcome and much effort put into ensuring our room would be ready within the hour. The hotel staff really were some of the most courteous people we have had the good fortune to meet. The La Panga restaurant -well worth a visit, particularly on Wednesday evenings, where one can sit and watch the experts give tango lessons to all brave enough to hit the dance floor! We also enjoyed the treatments at the spa and spent many an hour just relaxing on sunbeds on the beach. Highly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 5 2007 	excellent choice	stayed here for 4 nights, then went on to phuket and satyed at holiday inn (see seperate review for that if interested).from the time we checked in, until the time we left, it was like being a king...my self and my wife thoroughly loved our stay at this hotel. the staff can not do more for you and are always smiling. the bell boy who bought our bags up was great..told us about the room facilities and then had a really good chet with us about the local attractions and advised of things to do as i wanted to get things done withing the small amount of time we had....if you want to go to the gold souk, you can either catch the free bus which leaves at 9.30am or 10.30am, or catch a taxi..taxi's are metered and really reliable. if you decide to take the free bus, make sure you register this with the concierge as many people had not decided to do this and were told they could not travel as others had booked their space....this is clearly communicated on the form we were given.....it is approx 70 dhirams to get to the gold souk and well worth a visit, just to see what is around....food is great there too..if you fancy traditional indian food, meena bazar, is the place to go, which is a boat ride from the gold souk for 1 dhiram each.....we had room service the 1st night we were there and the food was beautiful..could not fault it....the workers are so helpful and they are wlays wanting to help you with any questions you have.we visited dubai marina one evening and ate at an indian restaurant called rupee room..if you are stuck for a place to eat and fancy a good indian restaurant, try it out..its amazing...its also nice around the marina as there are a few things to do and the sights are wonderful. if you would like any other info about the hotel, feel free to mail me at sants22@msn.com and put hilton dubai in the subject field. We are looking forward to going Dubai again and staying at the Hilton again. EXCELLENT !!!!	
Dec 3 2007	Well worth a visit	Hilton Jumeirah.Stayed 4 nights from 28th Nov 2007upgraded to executive sea view room which was well worth the extra money, this gave us access to the ex lounge for breakfast, afternoon tea, free alcoholic drinks and snacks from 6-8.30 every night and free soft drinks in this lounge throughout the day.The staff were extremely helpful, the rooms were spacious and spotless.The skyview bar is well worth a visit, the views are fantastic and the surroundings are plush.It has a swimming pool and own private beach, you wouldn't have to leave the hotel for anything if you didn't want too.There is building work going on all around Dubai, however it didn't interfere with our trip at all.Dubai and the Hilton Jumeirah are well worth a visit.	
Nov 30 2007 	Fantastic Hotel and Staff	Stayed at the Hilton Hotel on Jumeirah Beach last week with my husband in an Executive Room on the 7th floor and booked on a B&amp;B basis. The hotel itself is wonderful with lovely rooms, fantastic beach facilities, great restaurants and the staff are the best we have ever experienced. We ate in a couple of the restaurants, but our favourite was the BiCE Restaurant where the food is out of this world. The staff cannot do enough for you and this made our holiday and we will definitely stay at the Hilton when we return to Dubai. Lots to do and see and taxis are plentiful and cheap so don't worry about getting about. The hotel also has a complimentary shuttle service to and from the Mall of Emirates and also into the Gold Souk etc. The beach facilities are great with plenty of sun beds and again the service from the staff at the beach bar etc was marvelous. Can't wait to return!!	
Nov 25 2007 	Fantastic hotel but a big building place around it	Stayed 2 nights for a reward stay. Everything about the hotel was fantastic. The pool and beach area also. There is not much more to say about that.However the surroundings are a mess due to the building scene. This did not bother us at all, but it did take some of the glimmer from the hotel. But afterall, it is just temporary.	
Nov 22 2007 	best hotel!!!!	we stayed here for 4 nights and i have to say its the best hotel i've stayed in so far, the staff are wonderful and are always there when ever you need them for anything. The beach is fabulous,we ate at the bice restaurant and food was great, we also went to the bice bar which has great views and the service was great to. anyone who goes to this hotel will not be dissapointed, i'm already thinking about when to go back next year!!! what i do know for sure i'll be staying here again!!!!	
Nov 20 2007 	Excellent	We stayed at the hotel for three nights on our return from Thailand. The service and food were excellent. We ate in Bices, the Italian restaurant and it was brilliant. The food was some of the best I have eaten and we travel the world. The last evening of our stay we ate in the South American restaurant and again the food and service were outstanding. I do agree the toilets are easy to block !The Bices cocktail bar on the tenth floor has a lovely ambiance and the bar staff are very attentive and good at their jobs. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel.	
Nov 15 2007 	Wow!	We stayed at this hotel for the 2nd part of our honeymoon. it was bril. The staff were amazing and two small disagreements were dealt with straight away. I was sick for a day and 3 members of staff - including the manager rang to ask my husband how I was doing thoughout the day and brought something up from the pharmacy. We had fruit and champagne as we were honeymooners and the staff were excellent. Room service was good also. They always rang afterwards to see if we were happy with our food. Swimming pool, the sea ,the activities - all very good. restrurants of a great standard also. Only gripe was that the toilet was easy to block. Would recommend the venue to honeymooners, singles, couples and children. free shuttle to the shopping malls - amazing - what service!!!!!	
Nov 14 2007 	Worst in Dubai	I have traveled throughout the world for many years and this hotel which is classified by Hilton as one of their top level hotels throughout the world might be showing that Hilton is losing their touch. The food that I ate at the hotel amde me sick to the point of me not being able to leave my room for two days and their only response was it was not their fault and here is your bill. The only calls I received from the hotel was the chef so he could say that Hilton accepts no responsibility for my sickness. This only goes to show not only the bad food, but a lack of service or concern for their patrons. Stay somewhere else while you are there and it makes you wonder in what direction Hilton chains are headed.	
Nov 13 2007 	Best hotel - EVER	Stayed in the Hilton for 4 nights in July before travelling onto Thailand.The whole stay from start to finish was just first class....and I really didn't want to leave.:-(If I was ever going back to Dubai, I wouldn't stay anywhere else!!	
Nov 7 2007 	" Wonderful hotel with super friendly staff and service"	This was our second visit to the Hilton Jumeirah Beach hotel and we were delighted to return. The staff are extremely friendly and efficient. The room was always sparkling with endless fruit delivered to the room daily. We had three kids with us whom thoroughly enjoyed themselves especially the breakfast which started them off on a high note every morning. The beach is beautiful and with the all the water sports available it is just impossible to get bored! We have booked our third visit for next year already.	
Nov 4 2007 	Fantastic Location	We stayed at the Hilton Jumeirah Beach for 4 nights, following 4 nights at the Hilton Abu Dhabi. It is an ideal combination and so easy to travel between the two, a taxi cost only £25.This hotel is amazing, the location right on the beach means no worry of crossing roads or using under-passes. We had a deluxe sea view room which was spotlessly clean. The king size bed was Huge! Also had a relaxing easy chair with footstool, coffee table, complimentary fruit on arrival, mini bar tea/coffee making facilities replenished every day. Bottled water replaced every day. Safety deposit boxes are free of charge and you set them with your own combination.Complimentary Crabtree and Evelyn toiletries replenished as they are used. The restaurants are superb and I especially recommend the buffet style as the themes have something to suit everyone and the choice is vast. At £20 per person it is also very reasonable. The restaurant by the beach and pool is also excellent serving lovely barbecues at lunchtime. You can also have your meal served to you on the beach by the waiters in their little beach buggies.The rooftop bar is fantastic for the views and do go in the evening with all the lights it is magical. The business centre is open 24 hours a day for ayone travelling on business this is a bonus. Internet use is expensive however at 40 dirhams per 30 minutes (approx £5.75) you also have internet access in all the rooms.The hotel is approx 10 minutes from the mall of the Emirates by taxi or shuttle, 30 minutes from the souks.The new Marina which is being built will be within easy walking distance although at the moment it is like walking through a building site.If your customers are looking for a relaxing holiday where they can stroll of an evening/day then recommend Abu Dhabi and they can visit Dubai for the shopping.	
Nov 2 2007 	Great Hotel - Bad Food	We spent 7 nights at the Hilton Jumeirah with our 6 year old son. We had a nice sized room that was kept wonderfully clean and stocked with bottles of water and fresh fruit. The breakfast each morning was exactly the same but was very good with good service (we were on the Hilton Honours Floor so it was included).The staff were fantastic - very helpful and friendly but they kept wanting to get us a fixed rate taxi instead of a metered one which was quite a bit more expensive so be aware of that and just say no. There are plenty of metered taxis that are very cheap.While the hotel is a Hilton, it is above average compared to your normal Hilton - the decor is nicer, the rooms feel newer and better decorated etc etc.The beach is nice and the water is clear and warm but there is nothing much to do. The kids club is inside upstairs so we gave that a miss. There are a few water activities you can pay for but nothing of great interest - no snorkeling, jet skis.The biggest complaint we had was the food selection. There are two restuarants outside which is where you want to sit since inside is freezing cold. The food selection at these two restaurants is awful - a couple of salads, fried food, burgers and the usual chicken nuggets and fries for kids. After a week, you lose the will to eat. They will order you anything of the room service menu but then it takes an additional 30 minutes to be served.The pool is also very dissapointing. The way the hotel is built, it shades the pool for most of the day so even in the warm climate, the pool is colder than the ocean and its just plain boring. Big kidney shaped pool. So if you are looking for a fun poolside area with slides for the kids and fountains and the other goodies you get at &quot;resort&quot; hotels, you are not going to find it here.Would I come back again - probably not but then I wouldn't come back to Dubai. It was a great place to visit, but don't need to see it again.	
Oct 27 2007 	Much quieter now.	We have just returned from our third stay at the Hilton Jumeirah Dubai.The extensive building work on the Jumeirah Beach Residence has all but finished directly behind the hotel, and is now concentrated towards the Sheraton to the West and Le Meridien Mina Seyhato the East. When you sit on the beach, you are not aware of any building nise at all, although the pool area did seem noisier.Being a Hilton Honours Diamond VVIP we had use of the Executive lounge on the 9th floor - this has finally been extended and is now double its previous size. This is a vast improvement.Our reason for choosing the Hilton Jumeirah (apart from being a HHonours member) is that it has one of the best Jumeirah beaches withan unobstructed view over the ocean - we used to stay at the Le Meridien Mina Seyha, but found the view to be obstructed by the continious building work on the Palm Jumeirah.The only downfall of the Hilton Jumeirah is the lack of taxi's that are available from the hotel to other points in Dubai - next time we will definately be hiring a car.In previous years the hotel has been very busy (especially at UK Half Term time), although this year it was much quieter and more peaceful - looking forward to go back next year!!!!	
Oct 24 2007 	Good Average Hilton	Stayed here during Ramadan. One of the bars was kept open discretely. Overall the hotel is quite small by Dubai's modern standards and and it is dwarfed by more modern properties around it. However, the hotel is right on the beach and the rooms and public areas were very pleasant indeed. I found the staff to be polite and helpful. The food is excellent and there is an excellent gym. The important thing is that this hotel can be booked for a reasonable price directly from Hiton's web site, and this is a big bonus in a shockingly expensive city.	
Oct 23 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	Stayed for 7 nights with family in march 2006. Well run, good facilities, great beach and pool. Although expensive the restaurants were very different and food fantastic (particularly the South American grill). We were upgraded to the executive floor and had 2 junior suites which were very large rooms indeed. There were balconies with views of both the sea and probably the busiest 24hr construction site in the world. We moved here from another inadequate hotel in Dubai; it was a great relief and salvaged an otherwise miserable waste of £5K.	
Oct 16 2007 	ten out of ten	Went to Dubai for Xmas 2006 and decided to return for birthday treat. Picked this hotel because we spotted it on Big Bus Tour. All round this place gets 10 out 10 from us. Staff are all up for the &quot;can do&quot; attitude. Perfect pool and beach environment. Forget the building going on next door you mostly will not notice it. Definitely going back.	
Oct 11 2007 	Good hotel pity about the city	I traveled to Dubai on business last month and arrived at the Hilton Jumeirah after an overnight flight from Switzerland. The staff were most welcoming and the hotel was a pleasant respite from the hot and dreary drive from the airport. The room was a good size and appointed as you would expect from a global hotel chain like Hilton, so full marks there. The garden and beach facilities were Eden-like after spending some time in the city proper, which was a major disappointment because of the incredible amount of construction, which resulted in noise and dust everywhere, and the insane volume of traffic. I could definitely recommend the Hilton Jumeirah for a first-class beach vacation, but if you're looking for culture, tranquility, the chance to explore a charming city ... it's probably best to head somewhere else.	
Oct 5 2007	Hilton Jumeirah	Stayed in the Hilton Jumeirah 15/09 - 23/09 2007. Very nice clean hotel. Buffet breakfast was excellent and filled us up for the day. You can have as much as you can eat/drink.We were at the hotel during Ramadan but established we could still eat at one restaurant at lunch time and order endless drinks on the beach throughout the day anyway.Excellent beach and warm waters of the Gulf. Beach staff very friendly bringing free ice cold flannels to cool us down. Free towel use.The free shuttle bus to the city and malls were a great help and we used this nearly every evening to go to the shops/restaurants....get your name on the list in the morning for the evening shuttle as places are limited to one mini bus full. The hotel restaurants are quite expensive but the Mall of the Emirates and Ibn Battuta mall (where the bus takes you and picks you up) are crammed with restaurants such as Pizza Express, KFC, lebanese, pizzas, veg and Chinese outlets.Rooms cleaned thoughly each morning. Staff very pleasant. My only criticism is that the internet &quot;guestlink&quot; did not work in my room TV. Thus I had to pay 40AED for half an hours internet use in the business room. I only wanted to use the internet for 5 minutes to check in for our return flight home online and having expected a guestlink internet service in my room, I had to pay what I thought was a lot of money for just 5 minutes use (minimum buy was 30 mins.)Other than that, great hotel and would recommend to all. Taxi ride from the airport cost 75 AED (20 AED goes straight onto the taxi fare if you catch one from the airport) - ride took about 30 mins.Driver knew exactly where to go. Plenty of taxis from outside the hotel to take you where yuo want to go. Would recommend the Dubai Big bus tour which picked up outside the hotel, took us to then city, free river cruise and then back along the beach tour to the Hilton.Pool very busy but always got a lounger on the beach.	
Oct 4 2007	lovely hotel	stayed here in a normal luxury room for 5 days at the end of September, what a fantastic stay it turned out to beAlthough the drive up to the hotel might be a bit off putting what with all the building work around, your soon in a fabulous hotel where the staff cant do enought to help you and are so polite and at your beck and call whenever you need them.We were greeted with juices on arrival and given a room on the 5th floor, not a great view (onto the restaurant and lobby roof) but you could still see the ocean.Rooms themselves are spotlessy clean and attended to every day, fresh fruit is replaced daily and your bed is turned down every night.Breakfast buffet was perfect and had most types of foods europeans would be used to eating, also ate in one other restaurant La cantana, which was a south amercian establishment, decent food but nothing to get too excited over.pool area was lovely (if not a bit crowded) but go down the steps and your on a perfect beach with hot ocean water. This was our favourate place to chill during the day. There was also a bar down beside the pool for drinks, snacks etc.Staff were very friendly at all times and you were always greeted with a smile...hotel itself is a little bit older than most in the area and it sticks out a bit compared to the massive towers surrounding it. we decided to walk back to the hotel from a nearby bar we visited but this is not to be reccomended as there are hardly any paths and you risk gettin run over by a taxi driver!If you are coming to the dubai i highly reccomed you stay here, especially if you can get a decent room rate (we paid around €170 p/n). I couldnt see myself paying €500 p/n though as there is just too much choice in dubai when it comes to hotel. All in all if you do decdie to come here i promise youll have no complaints	
Sep 27 2007 	okish hotel but great beach	This hotel is at the end of the Jumeirah beach stretch of hotels, the service or food isn't great- staff aren't very attentive and the hotel is quite old fashioned. The beach however is great and the pool side area is fab, the masseuses at the hotel are quite good as well Its not a wow hotel but would recommend it for someone whose looking to enjoy the beach &amp; the Jumeirah/Marina area at an affordable price and isn't too fussed about being in a fabulous hotel, The marina is nearby so food or entertainment should not be a problem. Emirates Mall and Ibni Batuta Mall are the closest malls. It will take about an hour to get to the hotel without traffic!!	
Sep 26 2007	Truly a favorite haunt	My year here in Afghanistan is quickly coming to a close and since I've spent several short breaks at this hotel over the last year, I thought I'd comment on my numerous stays at this property.I just returned from a split week in which I stayed in an Executive Room at the Hilton Dubai Creek and then an Executive w/Alcove Room at the Hilton Jumeirah Beach. I think I have a great perspecitve having so recently stayed in both.First the great. Hilton Jumeirah Beach sits on one of the prettiest beaches in the world, especially when you think of its proximity to such a large thriving soon to be metropolis. The beach is super clean, great service, lots of chairs and the water in the outdoor showers is refreshingly cold, compared to the bath water temps of the ocean. Although pricey, the restaurants are incredible. Pachanga is the Latin Place on the Mez floor and has some of the most incredible creations I've ever eaten. The Italian &quot;Bice&quot; on the ground floor is also very good as is the &quot;Oceana&quot; in the lobby. During Ramadan there is a special Iftar tent set up just off the Oceana and near the pool that served typical Arab (end of fast) meals nightly. Very good and reasonable in price compared to the others. The Sky Bar was closed for Ramadan which was a shame only in that, it is one of my favorite hang outs when in town. I stayed in Room 101 which was on the corner overlooking the pool from the large balcony and floor to ceiling glass windows looking out at the sea. The sunset from my room was stunning. The room was big and featured an easy chair, writing desk and massive bed.The staff and cleanliness of the entire hotel are probably the two highest points as they seem to always go out of their way to please. The Executive Lounge has been expanded with very nice snacks in the evening and plenty of spirits.Now the bad, which really isn't that bad compared to other places, but in Dubai you just expect more. First and foremost is the 100 AED charge per day for in-room internet is rediculous when you've upgraded to the Executive Room. The bathroom is very small in these rooms compared to others in the city that cost less. Agree that there is often noise from nearby flushing toilets and I could never adjust the water just right to suit my comfort. The provided flip-flops only come in one size (huge) which is tough on feet of smaller visitors, not to mention dangerous. As you can see, I really don't have that much to complain about and will be back to the property in 4 days because it really is my favorite place to hang out when I've got more than 12 hours in Dubai. There is a lot of construction going on around and except for the occassional worker trying to sneak across the beach (turned away by security), there's very little disturbance. The traffic pattern to the hotel is in constant flux which often confuses cab drivers but other than that - a great time.	
Sep 20 2007 	Fantastic	We had a fantastic holiday. We stayed for 2 weeks and its the best holiday i have ever had! The staff made us feel like royalty. They just couldnt do enough for us. The weather was HOT (40+) everyday but endurable. Fantastic for sun worshipers. The desert safari is a must! but dont book with holiday package, you can get it much cheaper in the malls.	
Sep 20 2007 	It's a Hilton	I'm staying here at the Hilton as I write this. I'm HHonors diamond and stay at a load of their hotels around the world (but starting to think that I might branch out because it's getting rather boring) and must agree with the review below that said it feels really &quot;Hiltonish&quot;. Don't get me wrong, it's just fine but really nothing to write home about. I even got upgraded to a suite which is fairly large and the bathroom is decent but it feels not unlike an Embassy Suites or something. I guess for here in Dubai I expected something a bit more luxurious (especially for the price) but I should have expected that being a Hilton it'd be pretty standard. It's surprising that they couldn't build a hotel here that was at least as good as the one at the airport in Copenhagen . . .	
Aug 30 2007 	Long Term Guest	I'm just finishing a one month stay at this property. I chose the Hilton because it was close to my work at Jebek Ali Port and I get HHonors points. As a business hotel it is excellent. The staff is attentive and friendly. They keep the place spotless. But as a long term resident, and one who will return, I feel I can point out some of the nit picky things about the hotel.My main complaint is plumbing. As I was usually the first on my floor to start a shower in the morning, I had to wait for the water to get hot. (They obviously don't have a circulating system). Then the temperature control drifted as other users came on line. They should install scald proof controls. Finally, every time the guy next to me flushed, I heard it like it was in my room. I'm sure I was doing the same to the guest on the other side. They need more sound insulation in the walls around the plumbing chase. I also wish the mirror had those heaters to keep it from fogging up. Is that picky enough?Onthe good side, they recently re-did the executive lounge. There is now a larger selection of goodies but I wish they would bring premium brands of liquor up the lounge. Also, they put in two comoputer deaks but still want to charge for their use (the Crowne Plaza doesn't in their exec lounge). Make them free. That's why you pay extra for those rooms.All this said, I'm going back for another month because the staff is just so darn friendly and helpful.	
Aug 28 2007 	Good but very Hiltonish	We stayed at the Hilton Jumeirah for 5 nights at the beginning or August (HOT HOT HOT!) As with most Hiltons it was.... Hiltonish. There wasn't anything special or different about this one. The staff were excellent and friendly offering great service but with so much to do in Dubai we were really only there to sleep and eat breakfast and it served it's function well. We did have a slight problem when we came to extend our stay by 1 night at the end of our holiday (we didn't want to come home). We confirmed our reservation for the additional night on the phone, then in person at the front desk but when it came to our last (extended) night we found the key cards had been deactivated. Luckily I found someone to let us in to our room and rang reception to explain but they insisted they had to see us in person and then accused us of not leaving when we should have. Upon checking their records they obviously found this was their error but we felt the situation could have been dealt with better. We stayed on the Hotels private Beach for a couple of hours one day which we found to be clean and well maintained... it was so hot while we were there (46 degrees one day!) that we didn't spend a lot of time away from Air Con and going in the sea really is like swimming in bath water! We didn't manage to get close enough to the pool for a refreshing dip as it was ridiculously busy so if you're a pool sort of a person get there early to avoid disappointment. The loungers were comfortable with someone always ready to jump in to lay your towels down for you. The Beech bar served delicious, massive, fresh coconuts for about £3 - bargain! But if that wasn't refreshing enough then a guy came round with Iced, Lemon Scented, towels for us which we thought was an excellent touch.We didn't visit the hotel with a view to staying there very much as we wanted to pack as much in a possible during our stay and Dubai was great! It is, at the moment, pretty much a building site - everywhere you look (including out of our room window) there are massive sky scrapers going up and properties being built. Although they seem to work pretty much constantly there really isn't any noise or disruption but visually it isn't very pretty - fascinating but not pretty.Be prepared to take Taxis everywhere. There are hundreds of them and they're all really cheap so it's not an issue at all but with the building work and the heat you'd be lucky to complete a 15 minute walk in one piece!The best places close to the hotel are approx £1 taxi ride away at the Grosvenor Hotel. Bar 44 there is great for sunset and cocktails, they ply you with olives and nuts too which I always love! It's supposed to have 78 types of Champagne too if you fancy a treat. Next door is the Buddha Bar which looked great for dinner (book a table) and the bar snacks/sushi are great as is the atmosphere.The Italian in the Hilton (Bise?) is supposed to be excellent but we didn't have a chance to try it neither did we visit the Hiltons Sky Bar as it was undergoing some refurbishment/maintenece. There are lots of restaurants/bars in the Medinate Souk which has a very nice Arabic feel, unlike the other shopping centres which are massive designer stockists with chains of Starbucks/Wagamama type eateries. Sadly we ran out of time to visit the Gold Souk which was a shame but maybe next time. While we were in Dubai we visited the Wild Wadi Water Park which was great fun and an excellent way to keep cool but not as big as you might think, or maybe waterparks just felt bigger when I was a kid. We got a snow park pass (£10) for Ski Dubai which was also great fun, maybe more so if you actually ski which sadly we don't but we made full use of the &quot;tubes&quot; and sledges.The Al Jumeirah Mosque was beautiful but unfortunately we got the wrong day for a tour inside so missed out - check with your hotel which days they do the tours. If you do take a trip out to the Mosque and need some substenance after, check out the Lime Tree Café (as you leave the road the Mosque is on turn left at the juntion with the main road) They have an excellent brunch menu and serve big portions, I couldn't finish all the smoked salmon that arrived with my eggs. It's a great place to people watch as it seems to be the Jemeriah Janes (WAGs) favourite meeting place, a permanent coffee morning with gossip a plenty. On our last night we visited the Burj Al Arab which is the (self proclaimed) 7* Hotel for Cocktails and Tapas. It's &quot;Free&quot; to get in but once there, there is a minimum cover charge of 250 Dirhams, so basically you have to spend approx £30 each when you're up there... we didn't work it out this way but we spent about £65 between us which got us Tapas to share, 2 Cocktails, a Glass of wine and a Beer. It's worth the visit just to say you've done it but I really couldn't see what the fuss was about... the coloured lights made it look a bit 80's disco and although the service was wonderful we experienced the same excellent standard of service throughout Dubai. After looking at the Hotel website I can see why the Hotel itself is considered awesome, with the services they provide and the underwater themed restaurant, but if you're just going for a drink, a bar is a bar. We made sure we walked out rather than get a taxi at the door to fully appriate the architecture up close, it really is a masterpeice and well worth the very short stroll.We broke up our journey home from the Maldives with this visit (see review for Olhuveli Beach &amp; Spa if interested) and were grateful for the split in the flights. I don't know whether it was the massive contrast between the beauty and tranquillity of the Maldives and the dusty, hustle and bustle of Dubai but I felt a little disapointed with the Hilton Jemeirah. If you can stretch to it the Jumeirah Beach Hotel next to the Bur Al Arab looks awesome (we went in for a coke after Wild Wadi) we did try to get a room there for our extra night but they were fully booked. I guess it all depends on what you want from the holiday (and if you're a spoilt cow like me! ;O) ) Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy(ed) your holiday whatever you decide(ed) to do!	
Aug 21 2007 	Cant wait to go back!!!	We came back from the jumeirah Hilton 2 weeks ago and had to write a review as we found all the others that people had written so helpful. We booked with virgin and upgraded to premium economy at the airport which was great as their was a special offer on and we got two upgrades for the price of one! As soon as we arrived which was about 8am our room was ready(we had an executive corner room which was on the fourth floor) floor to ceiling windows on both sides overlooking the sea. this was great as we were all tired and hadnt expected it to be ready til 3pm. The room was great, fab dressing area and big bathroom. Loads of toiletries in the bathroom right down to shampoo,conditioner,body lotion,toothpaste &amp; brush, razor etc. The staff are brillant,so polite and helpful and nothing is too much trouble. There is a great games room for older children which our thirteen year old found which was perfect for when he got too hot outside(which was quite often). It has playstations and table tennis,etc and big leather couches in.The food is great, no complaints and for anyone going who likes seafood try the oceana restaurant in the hotel on seafood night, lobsters and prawns everywhere.The rooms were spotless, as was the hotel and pool and beach.Only one little moan, halfway through our holiday they decided to put new sunloungers out at the pool. We watched them doing it one night from our balcony andnoticed that they only had half the amount of new sunloungers as the old ones. This caused mini chaos the following morning as not everyone got to sunbathe at tthe pool. I'm afraid we resorted in the end to getting up early and putting the towels on the beds to save them( Not something I'm proud of but needs must!!)We did the desert safari and I confess I was one of the few people that didnt like it and was nearly sick as were quite a few people so think twice about it!! But my husband and son loved it. I loved this holiday and hotel and am just about to book again at the Hilton for March. Dubai has got me hooked	
Aug 19 2007 	Superb Hotel	Superb hotel, with excellent staff, clean &amp; spacious beach. The rooms are super, make sure you go for the executive rooms; gives you free high tea, two hours of canapes and drinks in the evening. Also the executive lounge recetion staff will advise/help/organise anything for you.The building work behind the hotel in nearing completion. Our room looked west across the near Jumeirah Residency, and the work never interfered with our stay - all the work at this stage is being done inside - do not let it put you off staying here.The BICE restaurant is top notch, and the Wave breaker restaurant has excellent specials on - the &quot;shrimps&quot; on offer during our stay wouls have costed three tiimes as much in UK and were massive!The Concierge staff are excellent and will drive you to whatever destination (if you are waiting 10min+ for a taxi) in a hotel Lincoln Town Car (v. plush) for less than a normal taxi; Top guys.If you stay here and are disappointed I will be very surprised.	
Aug 15 2007 	Fantastic!	Absolutely amazing, the staff are so nice, cannot do enough for you. Breakfast is good as are Bice bar restaurant and the latino restauran (can't remember what it is called!) Lovely pool and beach, rooms are great with air con too, which trust me, you will need!! Lots of things to do - wish we had gone for 2 weeks really as didn't get to do the city tour, gold souk etc. Also you can visit 'the world' they have built etc, which I would loved to have done but is quite expensive. Really wanted to go for afternoon tea at the Burj Al Arab as well but also didn't have time for this. Apparently meals there are extremely expensive so some peple try to go for afternoon tea just to see what it is like as it is a 7 star hotel with it's own helicopter pad! Went to waterpark (not booked with rep just went by ourselves) - total rip off!!! Cost so much to get in and even though the rides are good and we had a lot of fun (also didn't have to queue too much which was good, but there aren't many rides there to be honest). We did the desert safari - great night out, well worth doing. Also went to mall of the emirates - if you like shopping, go here!! Also has an indoor ski slope withe real snow!! Went for dinner on a dhow boat as well which was really nice. People very friendly, resort is great, we had a massve building site view from our window but heard no noise, couldn't see anything from the pool and we weren't in our room enough to complain about seeing the building work anyway - we could see the sea as well so we didn't care!! Booked through Virgin - reps left a little to be desired and after being up for over 24 hours (our night flight was slightly delayed) we had to wait for our room to be made ready for us. We sat in a bar just off reception, our rep never turned up and had sent a message to our room to say he was ill, although of course we weren't in there so were not able to receive the message! Anyway, we finally caught up with him and booked some trips. Overall would definitely go again, to this hotel as well. We really enjoyed it and it is without a doubt the best holiday we have had in the last 4 years. Also I am vegetarian and found it much easier to eat here than I have anywhere esle we have been, and was therefore able to sample many more restaurants etc. Last tip - sit outside at Bice bar right on top of the hotel for a drink and enjoy the view!!!	
Aug 13 2007 	Good beach great food	A nicely situated hotel with a good beach and good food outlets.Close to media city and not far from everywhere else. The staff are really very goodBook an executive floor and avoid the masses who bag beach and pool chairs before dawn, also avoid the sports bar on the ground floor, its yobby.The bus tour of dubai departs from outside the hotel and is a good way to see the city, although the commentary is littered with how great the ruler is!	
Aug 11 2007 	Loved it totally fab!!	Myself, my husband and our 11 year old daughter stayed in the hilton for a week in july 2006. We loved it so much. The hotel was fab throughout and we will compare every hotel to it again. it was situated on a private beach but because the weather was so hot we didnt really use the beach until after dark and even then it was like going in to a warm bath! The outdoor swimming pool was chilled which was so lovely as the temperatures were over 40 degrees celcius every day. The service was excellent: they took care of your luggage, they got you your pool loungers, they took your drinks orders from your pool loungers, they gave you frozen flannels as you sun bathed, fab!! Theres a swim up bar in the chilled pool with under water bar stools where you could have a cocktail and lunch and snacks. There Were a few bars and restaurants in the hotel also to suit all tastes. The hotel also had a childrens club which was situated indoors during the hot summer months in a lovely playroom. The breakfast was delicious and had everything you could ask for from fruits to pastries to hot foods and a special omlette station. We booked it with 1800hotels for 1300euros which we considered a bargain as the luxury hotel made it a holiday of a lifetime!	
Jul 30 2007 	OK	As this has been my 3rd visit to the hotel within 5 years. There have been some major changes to Dubai with the construction and the amount of high rise building popping up every where.The hotel itself is exactly how i remember it, with the inclusion of seating outside under tents. The hotel facilities are ok, including the dining we all ate at wave breaker and the BICE, and found the BICE to be lovely. We had the chicken absolutely superb. The beach was fantastic, but the pool got so busy around midday there wasn't anywhere to sit. If possible they should some how increase the size of the pool. The rooms are beginning to look a bit dated and worn, the cleaner do so much and the staff are very polite and prompt. Check-in and check-out was smooth and even tho our flight was a morning flight, we still had our 2 rooms deluxe sea view, interconnected as requested.Would i stay there again probably not, only because i have already 3 times, its time for a change i think.	
Jul 29 2007 	Fantastic!	I stayed here 7 nights with a child.Having spent 10 years travelling on business/holiday and staying in hotels in Europe and the Middle East, the Hilton Dubai Jumeriah has to be one of the best (if not the best) hotel I have ever stayed in.From the delicious breakfast buffets, to the friendly staff, the free internet connection, the well equipped gym, the cooled pool and the direct beach access, this hotel excels in all fields. Even the small things were appreciated like, complementary mineral water bottles everyday, the ironing board with iron, the super quick room service, the kids playroom and the complementary shuttle services to the malls.The only issue was the check in, which was a bit confused as there were no separate queues for those cheking in and those checking out. However, this was a minor issue and I would definately stay here again.	
Jul 27 2007 	Heaven on earth	A month on and I still cant believe that such a fabulous place exists. We had stayed in the Hilton Dubai Creek for the first half of our holidays and then moved out to the beach resort. All I can say is FANTASTIC!!! It is the first hotel I have ever left and literally CRIED that we had to go home. It might also have something to do with my boyfriend proposing on the beach on the last night. But the fantastic service, range of restaurants and overall ambience was breathtaking. So much so that we are planning on going back for our honeymoon... A+++++++++	
Jul 20 2007 	It does exactly what it says on the tin!	We stayed at this hotel in August 2006 and enjoyed it so much we had to go again. The return visit was probably the best holiday we have ever had.We went for two weeks from 3rd July this time and i have to say compared to 2006 it was not as busy , probably because schools/colleges haven't finished for the Summer holidays.Quite simply it's down to the staff who are mainly Philipino,Indian/Pakistani who simply can't do enough for you...clearly Hilton give them some form of bonus if say for example you mention they provided good service in one of the &quot;guest questionnaires&quot; you are asked to complete at restaurants etc., We went with Virgin Atlantic Premium Economy this time and my family and i all thought this was worth the money...nearly seven hours flying is a long time and last year i thought Economy was a bit cramped to say the least. The holiday was booked through Dreamticket.com who were very competitive ...we saved nearly a £1000 on what Virgin holidays and other agents were charging.Again we booked an Executive sea view room ....the one we were allocated on arrival only had a small bed for our son who is 16 so we politely asked if another room was available...we were told we could be allocated another room the following day. I mentioned that we had been told that if a suite was available we might be upgraded and the following day we were moving to a superb suite on the 9th floor along the corridor from the Executive club. The room was perfect for us ...plenty more space , two balconies and a large bathroom. The housekeepers really looked after us ....extra bottles of water when we needed them....impeccable cleanliness/fresh towels etc., ....i know these are things you should be able to rely on but in some hotels the simple things are not always done....our experience with the Hilton is whilst it's not a glitzy as some of the other Jumeirah hotels &quot;It does exactly what it says on the tin&quot;...the brand delivers. In particular we love the Executive club especially during the Happy hour between 6pm -830pm...Mylin and her team really do look after you and it's a great way to start the evening off with a few drinks and nibbles It was our wedding anniversary whilst we were there and being the romantic fool i am i had previously sent a card and a gift on to the Hilton to be handed to my wife at a special meal i'd booked at BICE . Originally i had visions that they would simply put the card and gift in its original packaging for my wife to open but as you can see from the photo the gift was placed on a plate of rose petals....great attention to detail by the Hilton staff. The meal at BICE was superb and not overly expensive. A few days prior to the BICE meal we'd already had a chocolate cake from the hotel ... and a bottle of bubbly and strawberries delivered to our room....i was in the superb hotel gym nearly every day in the afternoon just to keep the calories under control!I also had a couple of massage treatments carried out by Eric who is excellent and for £30 a time bizarrely you feel absolutely great when he's mangled your body....Last year we didn't visit the Burj but my son had expressed an interest in &quot;having a look 'round&quot; so we booked a buffet meal at Al Iwan...the buffet cost 375 Dirhams each and you could have as much as you wanted....the food was excellent. I love seafood and i could have spent the whole night gorging myself on the caviar,lobster,crab,mussels etc., etc. ...see the photo i've posted . After the seafood i tried just about everything and was well and truly stuffed when out of the blue the waiter delivered another chocolate cake to us ...i don't knowhow they knew it was our wedding anniversary ...as we were full from the meal they put the cake in a box for us to take back to our hotel....a fantastic evening! I'd also booked a Lincoln Tuxedo stretch limo to take us to/from the Burj....you've got to do it in style!...(--) were excellent here and even took us to Palm Island and Dubai Marina to have a look and take photos before and after..cost £70.The only concerns i have about this hotel ( which isn't the fault of the hotel itself) is what will the beach area become like once the apartments of Jumeirah beach residence are occupied? There was certainly more &quot;rubbish&quot; on what is normally a very clean beach and i think the question is &quot;Can the infrastructure cope with this&quot;Back to work on Monday but great memories of a very restful holiday....thanks to the Hilton.	
Jul 19 2007 	impressed	The good reviews that this hotel gets from other guests are fully justified. I found staff exceptionally nice and friendly, but not in a too formal way, more the warm and welcoming kind, which I found especially interesting as I believe such friendlyness can not be trained. Hotel staff seems to be genuinly happy and kind. The hotel complex is nice although a bit dated. The beach is just spectacular and the ridiculous highrises that are now right behind the hotel actually ad to the cool and funcky vibe that Dubai is all about. I never swam in seawater this clear and this hot, what a trip, so much fun! But Dubai is way way too hot this time of year and the heat is just brutal between the hours of 12 and 3 pm.I stayed in a fabulous large suite on the executive floor that was clean, cool and quiet. Beds are wonderful. Roomservice was quick and good quality and not too expensive.Check in in the club floor lounge was a disaster and took ages. I really dont get the point of being sent to the top floor to be checked in, but having to wait for an hour because other quests are in an argument with the one person on duty there. What a lousy welcome. Checkout (on the evening before having to leave in the early morning) was also a mistake as the bill did not include the last night and I was stopped at the frontdoor to still go through a less than classy checkout at the frontdesk. But anything between check-in and check out was perfect.The free limo (for club floor only?) to the airport was a fabulous touch.	
Jul 15 2007 	Functional Hotel; Great If You Don't Like Glitz	Another country. Another Hilton Hotel. We stayed at the Hilton on Jumeriah Beach for 7 nights on a half board basis. The hotel is one of the 'older' less awe inspiring hotels. It could easily fit in with somewhere like Tenerife. It is at the far end of the beach. There are only a few properties between this and the Sheraton. Another fast and efficient check in and we were shown to our Executive Room overlooking the really nice pool area, beach and finally sea.The room was large and had two double beds, a good size TV, easy chair and desk. The bathroom had two sinks, a bath and shower. Well stocked toiletries and everything worked perfectly. The hotel had a clean feel in all areas, this was especially true with the room. The air conditioning worked really well considering the soaring temperature outside. For those of you that go on holiday to watch TV there are channels which show American movies and dramas. The mini bar prices are not too high and this was one of the only Hilton Hotels that I have not sampled the room service. The menu was a simple affair with something for everyone.The pool area is really well designed. All apart from the pool being in the shade for some of the day due to the L shaped design of the hotel. There was never any trouble finding a lounger and the tiered section added to privacy. The beach is really spectacular - not a hill for a million miles!We ate in the buffet restaurant for breakfast. A typical international affair. Everything was in hot and nothing ever ran out. I am not a big breakfast eater, but everyone seemed to enjoy it. We also ate in the buffet for dinner on 3 nights. A different theme each night there was never any reason to go hungry. I found the waiter service restaurant, you can use your half board option for credit in here, was a much more clivilised affair. Beautiful bread, pasta and other italian dishes it's well worth a visit.I think Dubai is the ultimate destination for self gratification and really does attempt to offer something for everyone. From skiing to shopping. We did it all, a personal favourite for me was the duning in the 4x4 tour. Be prepared for the village they take you to for dinner - it's not the 5* you are used to.A functional hotel - it's beauty only eclipsed by the spectacle of all the other amazing hotels on the beach. Why not save a few pennies by staying here and then go to visit the others for dinner/drinks?	
Jul 13 2007	Excellent !!	Fantastic- Having worked in one of the world's finest hotels, I know what top class service quality is and this hotel exceeded all my expectations. The staff were incredibly courteous, friendly and nothing was to much trouble. Our bedroom was extremely clean and of excellent size. Facilites were just perfect. The private beach is very clean, and despite the incredible 45 degree heat the beach butlers are always on hand to bring you what ever you want ed with a beaming smile. I would really recommend this hotel as one of Dubai's treaures.	
Jul 11 2007 	Really Nice Place To stay	Well after finally deciding on Dubai as our holiday destination, next came the hotel at which to stay at. After listening to dozens of people going on and on about Dubai being a building site &amp; that wherever you stay, you'll be covered in dust &amp; debris, we simply cast that to one side , chose this hotel &amp; went for it.Well, I'm very glad we did. OK there's no getting away from the building work that's going on , there really is tons &amp; tons, BUT, once we'd checked in to the hotel &amp; were on Jumeirah beach sampling a couple of cocktails , I couldn't hear or see the building works going on. As for the hotel , it was great , we booked through Lastminute &amp; chose the executive option for a small amount of money more. Turned out to be the best thing ever, not only was the exec room great , we had free use of an exec lounge where breakfast was included, afternoon tea &amp; cakes if you wanted it &amp; from 6pm to 8:30pm FREE drinks &amp; h'ors d'eorvs ( Nibbles). Well worth it .Basically just go , the place is great with loads to do, we even went snowboarding, in the snow dome by the mall of the emirates. It was great &amp; for £20 each we had 2 hours of boarding &amp; the wife had a lesson chucked inaswell. It Was surreal looking at the shoppers in shorts &amp; t shirts , whilst we were boarding in Minus 4. To sum up, eating in the hotel can be expensive , but not so different from other 5 star hotels around the world, pool &amp; beach area were nice, staff were super friendly &amp; we'd definately go again.	
Jul 11 2007 	WOW!!!!!!!!!!!!	Booked 6 nights at this hotel as a treat for my wife's birthday; particularly the Hilton having stayed at many others worldwide (haven't been disappointed yet). Quite simply the best five star hotel we've stayed in so far, even outstripped Taj hotels, for those of you who are well travelled. Can't say more than that. Impeccibly clean and fresh, with attention to detail for maximum guest enjoyment. Really friendly staff/management throughout; spontaneous service, permanent smiles and nothing too much trouble. You really get the feeling staff actually enjoy themselves too and will go to great lengths to provide whatever you need. Complimentary bottled water and fresh fruit were provided in our room daily, together with a turndown service early evening. We were even suprised with a birthday cake.There is impressive, round the clock building work ongoing throughout the city, you can't escape it. However, the hotel hides it well and rooms are so well insulated, you don't hear a thing. All things considered, quite impressive how they keep it so clean. Sea view rooms are recommended, although the only rooms that have ONLY a sea view are the executive suites. Nevertheless, good luck to you if you can sit on the balcony for any length of time in that heat.Didn't eat too much at the hotel, but then we never do as we prefer to enjoy the local culture. However, breakfasts were very enjoyable and other guests spoke highly of the various restaurants at the hotel. Otherwise eating out locally is mainly internation cuisine at other hotels - the famous Budda Bar is a must, and there is a complex of restaurants at the nearby Marina including Persian, Lebanese, Indian, Italian, Japanese and Chinese/Thai - a taxi to the marina will cost you about £1.50 and a meal approx £8/10 per head, although we found most non-hotel restaurants don't serve alcohol. Private beach is lovley and clean, but a dip in the sea is like taking a hot bath, so we tended to relax around the pool area upto about 1.00am - frankly you have to take frequent dips to cool off, even at 9.00am in the morning! Pool is very well managed with lots of staff to provide frequent drinks to replace that lost fluid. Pool staff provide you with iced towels to freshen up and complimentary chilled melon from time to time. An excellent range of freshly made, healthy option fruit smooties are delicious from the poolside bars - a meal in themselves.Mid afternoon was mid to high forties, so good luck if you can stand staying out in that. The alternative is an afternoon shopping trip to one of many state of the art Malls, or perhaps hire a limo for a trip out (don't worry about the cost, a limo + chauffeur booked through the hotel costs 80 DHRs an hour (approx £11). Alternatively, taxis are all climate controlled and rates geared to GPS navigation, so you pay for the distance, not so much the time - and really cheap (petrol is cheaper than water!). Try to find time to experience a dessert safari in a 4x4 - it has to be done! (again, the hotel will arrange for you).All in all, an absolutely pleasurable stay at the Hilton and some fantastic memories. Highly recommended.	
Jul 10 2007 	Brilliant stay!	I am not a big fan of Hilton hotels, after New York Hilton i was not impressed, but this one was brilliant, the staff were friendly, always smiling,bending over backwards to help all the time. It's in a private location, right on the beach, which is nearly always quiet. The stay was perfect! No complaints at all. The food at PICHANGAs (mexican restaurant) inside Hilton is amazing! For a woman that has very high standards for hotels i was impressed. I would DEFINATLEY come back here again. P.S - there is construction around the hotel, but your'll find this all over Dubai at the minute, but that didn't bother us at all.	
Jul 8 2007 	Could Not Be Better	Just returned from the Hilton Jumeriah in Dubai, what can i say, it was fantastic.Like many other people i had read the reviews concerning all the building work. this really is not a problem around the hotel now as much of the work is done. roadworks are still in place as the Dubai Marina being built behind the hotel is still going on. It all just adds tot the appeal to see all the work that is happening throughout Dubai.The Hilton is a fantastic place, it is not a massive hotel which gives it a very friendly atmosphere, if you read through all the other reviews one thing stands out and that is the customer service. The staff can not be rated highly enough, every one off them will do all they can to make your stay the best possible.The rooms are excellent with everything you need. the food is outstanding. the Oceana is buffet style with different themed nights.Pachanga has a mixture of tastes from Mexican, Cuban and Brazillian. BICE is a superb Italian, a bit pricey but well worth it.If you venture away from the hotel to eat be prepared to travel as there is nothing on its door step, this is not a problem as taxis arecheap. the only drawback is unless it is a licensed place they will not sell alcohol.June and July is vey hot, the sea is like a bath at a constant 35 degrees, so the pool is the only respite from the heat.All in all a fantastic holiday and i could write pages of stuff on how good it was. if you are thinking of going you will not be disapointed. The Hilton is by no means the most expensive and oppulant hotel in Dubai, but i think you will have to go a long way to beat the customer service and atmospher here.	
Jul 5 2007 	Excellent Hotel and Staff	This is one of the best hotels I have stayed in. I was there for 8 nights on business. The rooms are way above average - though I would hesitate to call them luxurious. They were kept very clean by the excellent housekeeping staff. Any time I called housekeeping for something it arrived immediately. The gym is excellent and I did not try the spa, but it was tempting. The pool is very very nice, though I wish part of it was shaded for those of us who do not worship the sun. The beach area was also very nice, though I do not think highly of Dubai's beaches in general. I did not try any of the restaurants, but did enjoy the service at the bar next to the lobby. I don't have any complaints. Please note that Dubai is in a constant state of construction and, yes, you will probably be able to see/hear construction from just about any hotel room in the city. There was construction outside my window, but other than some faint beeping of trucks backing up, I was not bothered by it. The &quot;partial&quot; sea view is very partial indeed, but you get to see a good stretch of beach and some water in addition to the monster buildings at Jumeirah Beach Residence if you stay on the side of the building I did. Taxis are easy to get (at least in June) and we had no problem with traffic. There is a great Lebanese restaurant nearby in the Dubai Marina where you can also get sheesha.	
Jun 28 2007	Best Hotel I Have Ever Stayed In !!	Booked this hotel through a staff travel scheme as I work within the travel industry... got it at a good rate and thought I would try it out.What an excellent hotel! As soon as you arrive, the staff are friendly and attentive and come straight to the car, help you with your bag! Something happened with our booking, but the reception guy, &quot;Roland&quot;, was EXTREMELY helpful and solved our mistake in the matter of 5 minutes.Arrived in the room, excellent sea/pool view!! Rooms were clean, big, and had every amenity in there! The beds were very comfortable too! The porter arrived with our bags, and he knew it was our first time in Dubai, and he explained EVERYTHING to us within 5 minutes - What to do, Where to go, How do get there! Very helpful!!Pool area clean and big, also has its own private beach! Food at hotel was excellent, room service was delivered within 20-30 minutes! Staff were VERY VERY friendly, every morning you got a, Good Morning, and all throughout the day you get a hello! The hotel staff also rang me once as a courtesy call to check everything was ok!The whole experience was excellent. May have been a little overpriced but you expect that for a HiltonWill definetely used this hotel again!! Recommended to all !!	
Jun 15 2007 	Excellent beach hotel	Excellent hotel with wonderful staff. Rooms are large and have stunning sea views. Sun loungers are quite close together but the beach area is beatuiful. A bonus is the shuttle bus to Mall of the Emirates shopping centre!	
Jun 11 2007 	Top Class	Having read the reviews I wasn't worried about staying at this hotel. I stayed here for a week I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to anybody.The staff were all so friendly and helpful - they are fantastic.There are a number of restaurants in the hotel and I could not fault the food or service in anyway. Just down the road from the Hilton is a Hard Rock Cafe - the food / drink here is great and very reasonable too.There is a bar in the Lobby of the hotel which has a happy hour from 8pm - 10pm nightly and the drinks are half price. Again the staff here were great too. There is also a bar on the top floor of the hotel with an outdoor area which is worth a visit for a cocktail or two!When sunbathing the staff will locate a sun lounger for you and will move one to a preferred location if you wish. Towels are provided for use by the pool/beach to all guests and iced towels are also provided daily. Drinks and food can also be ordered from the beach or pool area (reasonably priced).SPA - The hotel also has a SPA. There is a very varied choice of treatments which are priced similar to home but the treatment you receive is excellent. I would recommend paying them a visit.A shuttle bus runs from the Hotel a few times a day to different locations i.e. The Mall of the Emirates this is free of charge. If a taxi is required the hotel will organise a car for you.The construction work which is pictured a lot in the reviews is almost complete. Outside the hotel it does have a lot of work going on but the work will not interfere with your holiday.Overall this Hotel is great and would choose it again if returning to Dubai. The staff are excellent the food &amp; facilities are also excellent.	
Jun 7 2007	top class	Booked last minute and a bit worried about other reviews - particularly construction around the hotel. It is scary when you first arrive but once there you really don't notice it. Hotel is brilliant - staff superb, food excellent - BiCE is a must. Best Italian restaurant outside Italy we've been to.Kids loved it - laready plannig next visit.	
May 30 2007 	Fab - Excellent Service	We got a taxi from the airport and arrived at the hotel just before 8am and even though check in was officially 2pm, we were able to check into our room, during the check in we were given a lovely fruit cocktail.Our room was facing some building work (i think nearly every hotel in dubai has some form of building work nearby) but also had a sea view. There was a little bit of noise during the day but it didn't affect us at all, however about 2 hours after checking in, a member of staff arrived with a bottle of wine and glasses with a little card apologising for any noise from the building work. A few hours later somebody else arrived with a vase of red roses for the bedroom and bathroom. A few hours later we got back to the room and there was a chocolate cake with plates and cake cutter in the room and then finally when we returned in the evening there was a bowl of fruit (this also came again the next day) and a leather hilton box containing luxury stuff dates ( a delicacy over there). We also had our towels and sheets changed twice a day. We felt really spoilt getting all the little treats.We had breakfast included in our room rate which was lovely with a great choice on offer, as we arrived early we were allowed breakfast on our arrival day as we were leaving early for our departure. We also ate at the beach bar in the evening which was great and had room service meals too, also great and great value.Facilities were great, the hotel was very clean and well maintained.Finally, I just wanted to say how the staff were just so welcoming, friendly and polite. I have travelled all over the world including Asia and the Caribbean and these were the best staff I have experienced.	
May 28 2007	Best Hilton in UAE	This is the fifth time I have stayed at the Hilton Jumeirah Beach. As with every other time, it was an excellent experience.Being a Hilton Diamond VIP, I have always been upgraded to a suite, and the suites are EXCELLENT. This is not a new hotel, but the executive rooms could be in any new-built resort. Further, the interior of the hotel is well maintained and without the scuffs and flaking that you find in older properties that are trying to squeeze every penny out of the facility. This hotel is CLEAN. Everything in the rooms works like its supposed to. Our room had its own espresso maker (bless the heart of whoever thought of that), and not some wretched tea kettle and instant coffee. This is an extremely well-managed hotel that gets the details right and has a very well trained staff. In 5 stays the only non-positive experience was an overbearing fitness center receptionist who was less than polite in asking my wife if she was a hotel guest. I sent an email to the hotel from my room mentioning that, while I did not feel it was a serious problem, the management should be aware of it. The hotel general manager sought out my wife and apologized...certainly not necessary, but a sign of how serious the management takes guest relations.The beach is clean and the water superb. The beach and pool staff (especialy Ly!) are attentive and friendly.Construction: Yes there is a huge amount of construction, and since the first visit this has been prominantly proclaimed on the hotels website. The construction does not continue at night, and during the day the noise was never enough to disturb in any room we stayed in. Most of the construction will be completed by the end of the year. I found it interesting to see a city full of skyscrapers being built, and it didn't detract from swimming or lounging around at all.The only real negative I can point to is the price has risen substantially, but even so, it is still good value for money, especially if you have a hilton VIP card, and since Hiltons reward system is the best of all the hotel chains, you definitely should. Also, unlike many Dubai hotels, getting a visa is a breeze. The hotel handles this efficiently and for a reasonable price.Lastly, this is a great family hotel. Our children LOVE Dubai and staying at the Hilton. They constatly want to go see Theresa at the &quot;Kindergarten&quot; (kids play room), and the staff treats the kids great-- when our 5 year old fell asleep at the table in Pachanga at dinner, the staff scooted two chairs together and got pillows and a blanket for him to sleep while we finished our meal. Thats typical of the treatment kids get at the Jumeirah Beach Hilton.	
May 23 2007 	hilton	we very much enjoyed our stay at the hilton we did have to change rooms to the pool side of the hotel which was a little less noisy lots of construction going on around the hilton and most of dubai we found it quite intersting to watch but we where aware of it before booking would not of been happy otherwise staff at hotel great rooms kept v clean ate at bice excellent pachanga ok weather v hot &amp; lots of jelly fish in sea we were told they would sting but not dangerous so did not put us off ! thought shops were dearer than uk then we were told to try karma FAKES galore our 17 yr old daughter thought she was in heaven but haggle !would like to go back maybe in 5 yrs time when the construction might have calmed down .	
May 3 2007 	Great Hotel with a nice beach	Initial impression is that your in the middle of a construction zone. However, once inside the hotel you forget about what's going outside. We stayed 3 nights here and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The staff are friendly and attentive. Spent a lot of time on the lovely beach that the hotel has. Great selection of food at breakfast as well. Room sizes are a good size and we had one facing the beach so we couldn’t hear any of the construction at any stage. Highly recommended.	
Apr 12 2007	Good Hotel but !!!!!	Just returned from staying in this hotel. Stayed for 7 nights, First night we were given a room facing the building works with a partial view of the sea. The building work was so noisy and we could not relax on the balcony. We complained and were moved to a room facing the pool and again with a partial view of the sea (not full view as promised by our travel agent). The hotel was dwarfed by the surrounding towers. This did not put us off, as the facitlties within the hotel are excellent. The staff at this hotel are extermally helpful and polite. Buffet style breakfast is full of choice, fresh fruit, cereal, pancakes, etc. We did not have our evening meals in the various restaurants within the hotel complex. They were expensive and very formal. The hotel provided excellent shuttle service to and from various Malls. Malls in Dubai are not particularly cheap, In my view prices are about the same as in UK and majority of the stores can be found in UK. Traffic is a major problem as you head into the heart of City Center. Allow plenty of time if you travelling into Bur Dubai, Mina Bazaar and Gold Souk. Eating in Mina bazaar is very, very cheap. On average my wife and I paid £2.00 - £3.00 for a full meal, but the taxi to and from Mina bazaar would cost around 120 dms (£17.00). Safari is a must.	
Apr 2 2007 	a very nicew hotel	we have just returned from a six night stay at the Hilton Jumeirah. this is a very nice hotel the service was excellent, the room was very nice the breakfast was an extra (£12.00 aprox) this was above the normal standard with different coffee available and fresh pancakes etc. the only downside is the building work, we asked for a see view room this was fine. if your on the other side of the building its a terrilbe view. when your on the beach its easy to forget the building work. i would stay here again it was expensive at £250.00 per night but its one of the best hotels we have stayed in	
Mar 26 2007	Above expectations	Just back from 4 nights at the Hilton Dubai Jemeirah - and it really did exceed my expectations. When we first arrived we did ask to move room as ours was overlooking the building work which is on one side of the hotel. This was no problem for them, and our new room was very nice. Nice pool area, great beach bar with good menu and a very nice beach. Lying by the pool and beach you do not hear any of the building work noise. Great breakfast buffet and the staff are exceptionally helpful, very polite and helpful. All in all a very pleasant stay - people need to be careful not to confuse the building work mayhem and noise of Dubai in general with specifc hotels. Hilton Jumeiah offers pleasent surroundings with a reasonable price tag	
Mar 18 2007 	A Holiday at George Wimpys building site	We have just returned from Perth, and the north west. It was great, we then traveled all through malaysia to penang then over to the lovely island of Langkawi. We have been there three times now. On our return to the UK we thoght we would spend a few days in Dubai. Oh my god! we stayed there 5 hours and decided to get an early flight back. I have never seen such a dreadful mess and construction in all my life. Tower cranes and dust everywhere. Thankfully we did manage to get the next flight home and we are so pleased we did.Keith and Mary Chilvers	
Mar 9 2007	Great Holiday	Have just returned from a weeks holiday staying at The Hilton Jumeriah beach and would agree with the last few reviews but would add if you can book a executive room sea view if you dont want to look out on a building site the little extras you get are really worth having such as a club lounge where you can have breakfast in peace as well as free soft drinks all day and alochol and nibbles from 6pm till 8pm. All the staff could not be more helpfull and always had a smileWe did 2 tours booked with Arabian Adventures A City Tour and A Jeep Safaris both very intresting in their own way the safari was great fun and well worth doingWe went to diiner at the Bateaux Dubai which was fine but do leave over an hour to get there as the traffic at that time of night is like the M25 on a bad day!!! Also had a great meal at The Ribb Room at The Royal Merdien	
Mar 3 2007	Very impressed	We stayed here last weekend for a work conference but also got to spend some time sampling the facilities. Whilst generally speaking, the Jumeirah Beach part of Dubai is currently a huge building site, we were most impressed with this hotel - in particular the quality of the food and the excellent service. Ths staff throughout could not have been more friendly or helpful if they tried and the whole hotel was spotlessly clean. The pool area and private beach were both excellent. I found the food to be outstanding and thoroughly enjoyed their Italian restarant - fabulous ambience, service and cuisine.I would love to return to Dubai in 2/3 years time when all the building work is done. Had this been a holiday only, the construction going on around the hotel could have been a small problem, a little noisy and not the best panoramic views but 10/10 for an excellent stay. Thank you!	
Feb 26 2007	Beach bliss	Just arrived back on 23rd having spent the week here.Was in Dubai last in July 05 so saw a big change and many new buildings/malls. Last time stayed in town at the Park Hyatt which was a great 5* experience. The Hilton staff were really helpful and knowing it was our wedding anniverary brought a complimentary cake to our room within 10mins of our checking in. As loyalty members they gave us comp. breakfast daily, a free evening meal and a cocktail night in the lovely Bice sky bar as they couldn't upgrade us as totally booked up.The building noise was heard when we were round the pool and in the garden but once on the beach or in the room we never heard it. Some music around the pool area may have made it feel more relaxing. The buildings are well under way so we quite enjoyed seeing the working progress and the organisation of workers being bused in and out every day.The sauna and steam room are quite small but reasonably priced treatments are on offer. We loved the beach spot, safe swimming and life guards on hand. We missed cold flannels being offered and the variety of pools that were on offer at Hyatt.The sports bar happy hour daily and the fact that they were happy to bring two plates for sharing a bar snack was good. The other restaurants didn't disappoint.Must dos;- Have drinks up in the Bice sky bar and take your camera.Use the taxis as they are cheap. Book the hotel bus for mall trips.Go to the souk medinat jumeirah and eat at the meat company- great steaks.Go to Jumeirah beach hotels 24th floor uptown bar on an evening for great views of the Burj and great cocktails/beers. If you want no building noise at all stay nearer the Burj. We've had a great holiday and knew what to expect. Main advise is do your homework but overall we were pleased with our stay.	
Feb 24 2007	Great hotel and a great holiday	We stayed for five nights in February, and found the hotel was immaculate in every respect. The staff could not do enough for you. Try and have a meal at the Bice restaurant. It will cost a few quid, but if you like good Italian food, it is worth every penny (or Dirham should I say). With a choice of lounging in the pool area, the grassed gardens or the beach, there really is something for everyone. And don't worry about all the building work because the doors out onto the balcony were sound proofed. Anyway, the whole of Dubai is a building site, not just around this hotel.As a place, Dubai is great for a short break. I would say that five nights is about right for a break which takes in some sightseeing and sunbathing.Try and do a desert safari. These can be booked in the hotel. They pick you up from the hotel mid-afternoon and drop you back there later in the evening. Great fun, from riding the sand dunes in a 4x4, to camel riding, dinner, and entertainment.	
Feb 11 2007 	Perfect holiday	We've just come back from a week away in Dubai. staying at Hilton dubai jumeriah. The holiday was booked through destinolgy, who i must say handled the whole booking procedure so swiflty. i would highly reccommend them.We booked in at the hilton despite being told there is alot of construction work going on around the area. This is very true. The difference in the landscape in the last 4/5 yrs is shocking. At The hilton we had a tower room, as all sea view rooms were booked. My initial thought on stepping out onto the balcony was oh my god so noisy, and not much of a view. but the minute you close the door you can barely hear the noise let alone see the view. So to be quite honest it did not bother us at all. We did used to sit out on the balcony despite the noise, and enjoyed it.The hotel, and beach area were always so immaculate. The staff were always so friendly. we went with our 18month old daughter. She would be greeted with smiles, all day, every day. overall i'd say Dubai is a wonderful place for a hol, esp. at this time of the year as it's freezing cold here in the U.k but perfect in Dubai. More so if you have little kids, who can't handle a long flight and hot, hot weather.Bxx	
Jan 21 2007 	fantastic holiday	after reading some of the reviews we were a bit worried about the building work going on all around the hotel but as soon as we got to the hotel our minds were put to rest the hotel was fantastic the staff were all very helpful there is a lot of building going on everywhere in dubai but not once did it bother us it was in fact one of the best holidays that we have been on	
Jan 10 2007	not bad!	Just returned from Hilton jumeirah, stayed xmas and new year. Read several reviews and had mixed feelings about going here however it was ok. We usually stay up the coast at Jumeirah Beach Hotel or The Madinat. If you are used to staying at this class of hotel do not go to the Hilton you will be disappointed, however it is worthy of its 5 star rating, its the others that surpass this rating. Service was excellent, choice of restaurants were ok. Rooms were spacious, exec suites really ok for family of 3, any more and its a bit of a squeeze, but you dont spend that much time in the room anyway.Building work is a problem. You can see it from all rooms even those with 'ocean view'. The workers start at 7.15 on the dot every single day and myself and my family could hear the work begin, the clanking of machines and tools. It didnt affect us too much as we were awake around that time anyway with two young children aged 4 and 3, however many residents were complaining.The pool was cold as all the new building work completely shades the pool area. All in all our stay was ok, would I go back, the answer is no but I guess I have been spoilt by the previous properties I visited already in Dubai. If you are going to stay here, you will probably enjoy yourselves, it is not as bad as some make out and the service and staff are excellent.	
Jan 7 2007 	Supebr Xmas and New Year	My partner and I stayed at the Hilton Jumeirah from December 23rd until January 3rd. We have nothing but praise for the hotel and staff. Much is made of the construction work going on in the area, but everything possible is done to make it a minor inconvenience.We would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.	
Dec 29 2006 	Absolutely fantastic!	Loved it, every second. Would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel, or returning.	
Dec 17 2006 	Construction what construction	Excellent hotel and well up to Hilton standards. The big question is, can you ignore the construction? You must be joking. It didn't bother me a bit, I was here on business anyway. It may well not bother you either. However, don't come under any illusion that it won't dominate your sights and sounds whilst you're here! The Marina development is gargantuan. It now looms menacingly over the poor old Hilton. The roads are in a terrible state; hotel access is a bust up single-lane assortment of potholes. Note that your balcony view will be of workmen mostly, and their living accommodations which are plonked on the beach in a forest of nissan huts. Access is also compromised, and in the morning you'll waste 20 minutes forced the wrong way down a u-turn to get back onto Al Safouh Road.As of last week, despite the rain, work was underway all night with my sleep punctuated by the sound of earth movers beeping as they backed up.Again though, the hotel itself is splendid. Bice is genuinely superb, A+ for staff throughout. The roof top bar was cute with very atmospheric views of the palm down the coast. Bar deserted even though the hotel was full, a shame. A shame also about the Arabian BBQ on the beach. The welcome letter invited me to this. But deserted when I got there. Staff clearly thought I was mad for wishing to go outside at all. That's the thing about Dubai, if the sun goes in, or the temperature drops to 21c, they huddle inside with the heating on.Like most hotels here the style is not going to win picky European tastes. The lobby is a bit too shiny, like a grand motorway service area. Loud and cheerful Christmas decorations throughout. The exec lounge is mediocre, on a par with an average airport lounge. Chunky over-varnished chairs and tables. Don't come here for a stylish time. Rooms were very good, spacious, good ambience and pleasingly appointed. Pool area fantastic and private beach a couple of yards walk. You'll have a good time here, but be under no illusions about the construction.	
Nov 18 2006 	WAS NOT BE DISAPPOINTED	Met my son in Dubai following his gap year in Australia and thought he deserved a bit of luxury - we were not disappointed. From our pre-arranged early check in the staff were friendly and helpful. Our sea-view room was more building site than sea, but this did not spoil our stay - we hardly heard anything despite their early start. You cannot help but notice the building going on but the hotel is in such a great position right on that lovely beach it really does not matter. The rooms had everything we needed - the almighty kettle, well stocked bathroom, comfy beds, all very clean and nicely decorated. Breaky was superb - the guy was even making micky mouse shaped pancakes for the kids! The highlight for us was walking through the stunning pool area and down the path to the fab beach - greeted by the guy with our towels who gave us a sunbed with umbrella and someone else came round with cold drinks/icecreams etc. We recommend the fruit smoothies - also try the camel ride on the beach. Choice of pool bars serving drinks/food/snacks etc. We pre-booked the free bus shuttles which we took to the shopping malls a couple of nights. Every shop you can think of, ski slope should that be your thing, cinemas, variety of food halls. Shuttle back to the hotel and had drinks in the bar. We booked a limmo back to the airport - get there with time to spare as the duty free is worth looking at. Having stayed at a 3* city hotel previously, this is definitely worth the extra - very relaxing.	
Nov 13 2006 	Will return	There is a lot of negative press regarding ongoing building opposite the Hilton, and the other hotels along the that stretch of Jumeirah Beach, eg Oasis, Sheraton, Ritz Carlton etc. Having stayed there for the third time in as many years we ignore what is going on opposite and concentrate on what is good about the hotel:Excellent buffet breakfast to suit all tastes;Will make small meals for infants, (sometimes charged to room)Friendly and accomodating staff, especially with our 1-year old boy;Beautiful warm sea;First class dining - BiCe is as good as ever;Pro-active manager, Christian, checking on guest's throughout the stay;Highly recommend a suite if you can get a deal or can afford the extra.Get upgraded to Exec Floor if you drink a lot - there is a payback!Negatives-cost of bottled water - almost 20 x supermarket price- when in Dubai..Be careful where you set up by the pool if you want all-day sun as the shade moves throughout the day - alternatively go on the beach as you will get the sun all day;Limited kid's play area &amp; bouncy castle can get too hot to go on.We will return every year unless something changes for the worse.	
Nov 5 2006 	Best hotel ever	We stayed at the Hilton Jumeriah Beach for just three days during October 2006. Everything about this hotel was fantastic. The staff were so nice and could not do enough for you. The service was first class and the executive room overlooking Jumeirah beach was excellent. I reccomend upgrading to the executive floor as they had a happy hour well between 19.00hrs and 21.00hrs when all drinks were free and various assorted snacks again free were available. The executive breakfast room was never overcrowded and the choice was excellent. Being in Dubai for only three nights we ate at the Hiltons Bice restaurant on one of those nights they serve Italian food and it was superb. The hotel swimming pool area and grounds are really lovely and every so often a member of staff would come round and spray you with a cooling spray and bring lemon scented ice cold towels. They have a good choice of lunch menus and the portions are enormous. We could not fault the Hilton and really did not want to come home we would definately stay at least seven day next time. I would recommend this beautiful hotel to anyone the bedding and the pillows were sumptious and of the highest quality and with full airconditioning we enjoyed a really good sleep each nigh.	
Oct 30 2006 	October 2006 stay	We have just come back from a weeks stay at the Hilton Jumeirah. This is the third year running that we have stayed at this resort hotel - the building work around the hotel is still in progress, but is much less than in previous years and was not a problem at all, the only time you noticed it was on the beach (only slight background noise).The hotel and its staff are more than eager to please and cannot do enought to make the stay comfortable and enjoyable.We did have an executive suite which made the stay that little more pleasant, although at times the executive lounge was overpacked and more like a kindergarten.Overall a great place to stay in Dubai.	
Oct 9 2006	3 Nights In October 2006	Spet 3 nights at this hotel with 9 other guys. The hotel itself is next to the biggest construction site in the world!! I've been to Dubai for the last 5 years and the construction is ever increasing. The hotel itself is good. As long as you know about the construction you will be ok. If you don't like construction then either don't go to Dubai or don't book a hotel near the marina. Breakfast was good. Staff were friendly and helpfull. Neithe me or my mates had any problems. If you need any more information then mail me topgun_uk2001@hotmail.com	
Oct 3 2006 	Not at all impressed.	I was severely disappointed in this hotel. It is surrounded by contruction works and most of the rooms overlook building sites. Even when I paid extra for a &quot;sea view&quot; room all I got was a sliver of water viewed sideways across a building site. Forget about making yourself the centre of attention for hundreds of building workers if you dared to go out on the balcony. The room was small and not up to 5* standard at all. The bathroom smelled of damp and the air conditioning didn't work (the latter was fixed eventually). The pool and beach are lovely, albeit small. However, they are open to external members of the leisure club and were overrun with locals and expats. The worst experience was being forcibly ejected from my sunlounger because some local club member and his family wanted to take over half of the poolside. I was treated very much as a second class citizen which peeved me no end.The breakfast restaurant staff were rude, moving me from the table I had chosen to a small table in a musty corner near the kitchen because I dared to be dining alone. (The restaurant was not nearly full and there was no need to do so). On the upside the food was nice and the other staff were friendly, but I will not be back in this hotel and would not recommend it to anyone. There are far better options for the money.	
Oct 2 2006 	Great for a week ignore the building work	Just returned from a week in Dubai staying at the Hilton Jumeirah beach hotel and it was lovely!We went for 6 nights at the end of September on honeymoon and the hotel made our stay special. I am a gold card member but we got an upgraded room, use of the executive lounge, champagne, cake, congrats card and flowers to welcome us. The hotel managed to get us an early check in and collected us from the airport (charged as requested). The hotel is drawfed by the building work behind it but is spottless, very modern and the best Hilton i've stayed in (and i've stayed in about 6 around the world). The staff are very helpful and friendly but not money grabbing. We relaxed on the lawn terraces between the beach and the pool which was ideal depending on which you fancied going for a dip in. The sea is so warm and very salty but has a lifeguard so safe for all. I hired a sailing dingy and this was charged to the room which is very useful and good fun.Best bits about the hotel are: food - Pachanga and Bice resturants are expensive (if you have wine) but the food is very good and worth the money. If you really want to go for it then get a cab (about 50dr) to the sister hotel (Hilton Dubai creek) and go to the Gordon Ramsey (Verre) resturant. We did and it was amazing! i've had some nice food in London but that is exceptional. (French themed). Back at the beach The Pergoda gives more of a Arbic feel with the shisha pipes and music. The building work is going on all over Dubai but won't detract from your stay at this hotel IMHO.	
Sep 26 2006 	Loved the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah	Have just returned from my stay at the Hilton Duabi Jumeirah and totally loved it. It's about 40 mins from the airport, but taxis are cheap enough, so made no real difference. Upon arrival, we learnt that we had been upgraded to a sea view room and if you don't mind the view of a construction site before your view of the sea (which we didn't) then the room was lovely. We had 2 big beds (bigger than singles, but smaller than a double) and the bathroom had a bath and shower. The staff were totally lovely and helpful - nothing was too much trouble. They take the time to play with kids that are around the pool and the concierge was a great help - booked us dinner at a Spanish restaurant in a nearby hotel, which was lovely. Lots of choice at breakfast, so you won't go hungry and you even have direct access to the beach from the pool area. Although there is masses of buliding work going on in Dubai, it honestly didn't bother me at all when i was in the hotel or sitting round the pool. Lots of nationalities staying the hotel, so no one will feel left out. Rooms were cleaned to perfection and felt totally safe. Would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting a relaxing, chill out time in Dubai.	
Sep 26 2006 	A Wonderful Hotel Shame About the Building Works	We are just back (25th Sept) from the Hilton and quite honestly I can't believe what some of the other visitors have written. I agree that the bulding works detract from the appearance around the hotel but once inside there is not a problem. The hotel itself is one of the best that I have ever stayed in, everything about it was great especially the staff, notning was too much trouble and at no time was any staff member any thing other than very polite and helpful.Our stay was made even better by the fact that we were upgraded to a suite, very large and impressive with all the comforts that one could imagine, the view wasn't what we had hoped for but this was more than made up for the quality of the suite.We ate in the Argentinian restaurant and again the service and the food were first class and not as expensive as I had expected, being very picky I could say that the service was a bit over fussy. The food as I said was very good with a very unusaul and varied menu, well worth trying, I am sure that you won't be disappointed.As for Dubai itself, I am sure that it will be great when finished, whenever that may be. For me there is far too much building work going on to make it a thoroughly enjoyable holiday. I think I will go back in about 5 years time.Dubai is a lot cheaper that I was led to believe with some fantastic bargains to be had in the many shopping malls.	
Sep 12 2006 	Nice hotel but wouldn't rush back	Just back from a weeks stay at this hotel. Hotel was quite nice, not 5 star but generally a nice hotel. Staff were quite friendly, the food in the buffet restaurant was average, rooms were average too. Couldn't sit out on the balcony due to the amount of building work going on around the hotel and the amount of dust that ends up on your balcony! We plan to go back in a few years time when all the work is done. We thought the pool would have been bigger, only one small pool got quite noisy in the afternoons, if you want piece and quiet go somewhere else. We had dinner at the Burj Al Arab one evening which to be honest wasn't as luxurious as you would expect, with all its green and red carpet and gold on the walls looks quite tacky! This hotel is quite far out for the shopping malls or the city centre of Deira, be prepared for a white knuckle ride from the taxi drivers! This hotel is quite close to the marina which has nice restaurants, the rupee rooms being one which serves nice indian curries!	
Sep 9 2006 	Great value for the money	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights (3 Sept. - 8 Sept.),and were pleasantly surprised that the reviews I had found online were spot-on. We have previously stayed at Le Meridien,the Part Hyatt, and Al Qasr, the latter being the most glamorous and luxurious, as well as expensive. The Hilton does not disappoint. Opting for the executive club rooms is definitely the way to go--all of the food and the service was fantastic. The only two problems we had were with the maid service (they took all day to get to our room for cleaning) and the hot water in the bathroom (you had to place the handle in just the right spot or either blistering hot or freezing cold water came from the shower head.) The food was very good in the Italian restaurant and near the pool and beach area. One drawback for all the hotels in this area (including the Ritz Carlton next door) is the incessant construction. Although the windows block most of the noise, the dust and the condition of the roads around the hotels are horrible. Be prepared to feel very dusty when outside. Of course this is a temporary thing--but it is an eyesore when you have a room with a view.	
Sep 8 2006	Fantastic hotel	This hotel is fab, right on the beach with a beach butler to get your drinks....and to spray you with a cooling spray when you come out of the sea. Superb....	
Sep 8 2006 	Is It Really A Hilton	A further stay here, we chose the Hilton as a Diamond HHonors member and dont wish to travel from the superb Creek Hilton to use the beach. While the hotel is nice and clean, with very attentive staff, the finer arrangements just seem to go to pot, and its pot luck if you can achieve what you need. Fine for holidays and package tours, but for individual stays and business a definate no.	
Sep 2 2006 	Loved Dubai and this hotel	We stayed at the Hilton JB for 4 nights and this was no where near long enough. We upgraded to the Executive package and I agree with other reviews it was well worth it. We emailed the hotel numerous times before our arrival and they were excellent and prompt with their replies. Although check in is 14.00 we arrived at 7.00am and our room was ready. As we were leaving early morning on day of departure we requested to change that days breakfast to our first day, this was no problem. The 18.00 - 20.00 happy hour was in the executive lounge and also in the BICE Skyview Bar. We ony found out by accident that you could go to the Skyview bar also and we prefered the atmosphere in there even though there was very few people in. Canapes are served in the Executive lounge so we went there first and then moved upstairs for the remainder of the time. The free shuttle is great for getting into the city. We found the construction around and about fascinating and intend to return to see the difference in the area when it is complete. It could hardly be heard and no way did it spoil our time at this hotel. We went to the Burj Al Arab for a meal in the seafood restaurant. It was excellent and well worth the money for the whole experience. When we return we intend to do the afternoon tea for the views from the skyview bar. We also did the Big Bus Tour and the Desert Safari. I recommend both. The Big Bus is an excellent way of seeing the city and beach area if you are there for a short period of time. We intend to return to Dubai but it will be for longer than 4 days and I would not hestitate to stay at this hotel again.	
Aug 29 2006 	Absolutely perfect	We stayed at the HDJ for 7 nights in early May. What a hotel! Ok, so its not the flashiest hotel on the strip but their service is second to none. All staff we encountered were so professional and really did their best to ensure that your stay was as pleasurabgle as possible. We upgraded to Executive at check in and it was well worth it. Loved the beach and the guy in his quad bike travelling around through all the beds, pandering to your every need and of course, the iced towels and water spray were very welcome too! We liked the location, yes it is a bit of a trek to the city but being by the beach was worth the journey and with the shuttle service, it's a handy trip. The highlight for us was Friday brunch at the Burj.......a must if you like to pamper yourself and it really rounded off the trip perfectly. Brunch means every conceivable gastronomic delight you have ever heard of and as it buffet style you eat as much for as long as you wish, expensive but would do it again in a flash. If you are thinking of treating that specal someone, book it on online before you go as it's very popular.Did the dune bashing with Arabian Adventures, excellent tour and it included all drinks and a lovely meal.Make sure you check out the sports bar in the hotel (we left it a bit later in the week and discovered there was a happy hour from 8 to 10 pm where all drinks were half price).So we have lovely memories, so good in fact, we are already planning our return trip in 2007.	
Aug 19 2006 	Fabulous worth upgrading	Spent two weeks at this hotel and loved it from the minute we stepped foot out of the taxi.Greeted with Tropical Fruit cocktail whilst our bags were taken up to our room.Upgraded on arrival to the executive floor, well worth the few extra pounds.Breakfast was silver service on the executive floor, you need to sign in for this so only exec floor members allowed. Fresh coffee menus on table no food request too much trouble. You can eat at the other restaurant on the ground floor but this was a self service buffet breakfast.Also in the upgrade was afternoon tea served from 3 til 5pm. Well worth it just for the English Tea, scones with fresh cream and other varied selections of fresh pastries. Mini hor doerves also with chilli dipsHAPPY HOUR also included from 6 til 8pm. U name it they had it. Crisps nuts on the tables, I certainly got my moneys worth in Baileys alone! without afternoon tea or breakfast!Pool food is fab and the staff are only to happy to fulfil your every request. Glasses of ice were always getting dropped off on their way past you along with melon and iced flannels.Trip out on Safari is worth it tho not for the light hearted. Few times I thought our jeep was going to roll over.Take a trip to the market, blag gear is all behind secret walls, or you walk through the back of a wardrobe into another aladdins cave, quite funny really, be sure to haggle.Amazing rooms and food. I would definately upgrade if you can. I only knew of this by someone on my flight, so worth the money. Staff are great especially at the pool, Everywhere is spotless clean.Building site outside but no noise at all.	
Aug 16 2006 	Excellent	I was a little worried about staying at the hotel after reading quite a few negative reviews on this site. But, I haven't got one negative comment to say. The hotel is spotless, the rooms are perfect and the variety of restaurants are vast. You must eat in the Bice and Pachanga, the food is excellent. We enjoyed a night in the Sports bar sampling a number of cocktails including a flaming B52! The construction work is not a problem, you forget it's there. It is a little worrying when you drive upto the hotel, but there isn't any need to be concerned.We went to Verre (Gordon Ramsey's restaurant) in the Hilton Creek and it was fantastic, well worth the £200 for two, including wine.	
Jul 31 2006 	Incompetence and mediocrity	Adverse (1)My wife and I arrived late at night with our three children, having pre-booked two connecting rooms. Upon arrival we were told that connecting rooms were not available but to come back to reception later in the day and we would be moved as the connecting rooms had been blocked for us.We returned as requested but were told to again return two hours later. We did so only to be told to go back, pack our belongings and wait on phone confirmation that the rooms had been cleaned. We were then told half an hour later that no connecting rooms were available and to instead pack our belongings the following day as the rooms would become available then. The supervisor at reception even had the cheek to suggest that I was lying when I mentioned that his staff had informed us three times that the rooms would be ready.The following day we returned to the hotel to find that our belongings had not been moved and yet again we had to unpack / pack etc. before finally being moved to connecting rooms on a smoking floor (we did not want smoking rooms).(2)The buffet food was mediocre, not half as good as we have had at other similar graded hotels. (3)When using the hotel safe (at reception) the staff didn't seem to have a clue what they were doing, even asking to see what I wanted to deposit in the safety box. The staff member later admitted it was her first time dealing with the safety deposit boxes.Good Points(1)The hotel is spotlessly clean and the numerous Filipino staff are magnificent.(2)Despite there being construction work very close to the hotel, it can hardly be heard and was not a nuisance.In future we'll pay the extra and stay at the Jumeirah Beach Resort.	
Jul 21 2006	loved the hotel	a lot of people have been saying bad things about the hotel, we stayed for 10 nights and loved every minuite of itthe staff are very!! friendly and couldnt do enough for you, the food was great, the pool, the rooms were all really nice.we had a sea view,with all the building work going on, we never really heard much of it, so the people who are complaining must be really hard to please, it was even featured on holidays from hell !!!! why i dont no. the hotel is lovely.dubai is just a wonderfull place, all year sunshine and now direct flights from Glasgow which is a added bonus.so anyone who reads the bad reviews dont be put off as there is not a thing wrong with the hotel, just ask for a sea view, and then you wont be facing onto the towering buildings.	
Jul 18 2006	From poor beginnings to stunning endings	We arrived from Johannesburg in the middle of the night, exhausted but excited. On arrival you notice that you drive past gorgeous resorts and into a construction district, which is a bit concerning. Once you go through the doors into the reception area you know that you have made a good choice. The Hilton is beautiful. Our emotional beginning was not over. We were suddleny told that our room wasnt available as the hotel was over booked. This was unnacceptable from an international chain such as the Hilton. But what could we do. Teary and disillusioned, we were sent to the sister Hilton in the Creek. They were welcoming and professional and the room was stunning, very high tech. I would have stayed there if the hotel had been on the beach. Reluctantly we went back to the Hilton Jumeirah beach the next day, and it took the staff a very short while to completely turn our experience around. We received nothing but professional and warm service. The food was excellent value for money and my 8 year old son was welcomed and entertained. The rooms are spacious, we were in an executive room, and the little touches were memorable (sun block on sunny days for eg); the restaurant staff were amazing, and the location perfect.Yes there is construction around you, but it is more exciting and awe inspiring than anything else.Even after visiting the top 5 star resorts, I would stay at the Hilton Jumeirah again because they really do try hard. We left Dubai knowing that we had to return and feeling like we were saying goodbye to family. 7 days is really NOT long enough. I truly recommend this hotel for any well seasoned traveller, business or family traveller.Enjoy!	
Jul 16 2006	Good base for a few days	We spent 4 days at this hotel having been a regular visitor to the UAE for over 20 years. Yes, there is considerable building work going on around the hotel, but here is in every part of Dubai and vsistors should be aware of this. The hotel rooms were well appointed and the hotel provided an excellent base for our shopping trip which was the purpous of our visit, offering a regular courtesy shuttle bus to the various malls and the gold souk.We were surprised at the service around the pool area which was much higher than expected for this class of hotel as they regularly came round with cold towels to wipe your face or with spritzer for the face to cool you down, a service you normally find in better hotels than this.Be under no illusions, Dubai is a building site, but if like us you just want a good base for a few days then i can recommend this hotel	
Jul 13 2006	Loved it	stay for 4 days 30/06/06 lovely hotel super staff, Khan and all the boys at the beach are great, building going on is not a problem, will be back soon	
Jul 10 2006	For Dubai - Good value for Money	We went there with two adults and two child in a two room suite. The rooms were very nice with a sofs bed in the one room (for the kids) and a king size bed in the other. The suite is roomy, even for 4 with a very large bathroom , with seperate shower and bathtub. It has a small area with a mini bar and glasses etc away form the main room area. The beds and especially the pillows are extremely nice!!The room comes with two balconys and overlooked the sea (not all do). Along with the suite you get access to the club lounge, which has snacks/tea at 4pm and drinks/snacks at 7:30. This is one of the nice features and means that if you eat a late breakfast, you can pretty much survive until afternoon tea and not have to pay the high prices for food!The restaurants serve nice, but generally expensive food (what you would expest foroa Dubai 5star hotel). The drinks are also very expensive , as you would expect. The pool area and sunbathing areas are extensive and the beach is hige and clean with plenty of beach chairs, and very attendant waiters to get you drinks. We went in late May and sitting on the edge of the sea drinking beer, was the thing to do. The conscrution is not that big a deal really. They are generally doing the insides now, rather that concstructing outside, but it is quite a sight. So overall great for family, a bit far out if you like to change restaurants and party every night.	
Jul 2 2006	High standard	Very nicely set up hotel with lots of attention to detail. Room was excellent. Outdoor pool/ beach area was excellent. The only temporary downside is that is in the middle of a major construction zone!	
Jun 27 2006	Loved the Hotel 	Stayed in the hotel for two weeks, found this website very very helpfull in booking my holiday. if you book a holiday in Dubai you should be prepared for the construction work as it is so close to this hotel but it is so quiet you dont hear a thing. We booked a seaview room but on arriving it was 90% Construction View and 10% sea view, so we complained and they moved us not a problem at all. The rooms are of average size fine they are immaculately kept with the staff cleaning them everyday. The staff in the whole hotel were lovely, they would not do enough for you, you tended to feel a bit sorry for them working away in the heat..Would not go to Dubai again during our summer months as the heat is just crazy i love the sun myself but not that much.Would i recommend this hotel again yes I would I really liked it.	
Jun 19 2006	Very poor food	We decided for this hotel after reading reviews at this website but now we know it was not the best choice...Stayed 10 nights at this hotel in the second half of May 2006. Arriving at the hotel early in the morning (3 a.m.), when checking in, we were asked to pay a 600 EUR guarantee (never had to pay money before when checking in, at any of previous 5* hotels !). We were given to a room on the second floor with side sea view but our &quot;main view&quot; was at a tin roof, though we paid an extra fee at our touroperator for a front sea view and a higher floor.Trying to change the room at reception, the staff told me that there was no other free room available (this was 3 a.m). We were successful the same day in the afternoon. They finally gave us a room on 6th floor, a little bit better than the previous one (but still no front sea view - only at construction work). The construction work (we were aware of it when planning our holiday) was not so much bothering. The Oceana restaurant staff was more bothering than the construction !They always standing in 2 metres distance from your table (like a policemen) we had feeling like they covet &quot;we should quickly eat up and go&quot;. If you started to eat your &quot;meal&quot;[hardly to speak about meal - very narrow and out of taste choice and everyday the same things situated on same places, starting with beans in tomato, thru scrambled eggs (tasting like mixed with flour), some pork and ending with grounds] and were in a half of eating, leaving your table to add for example some more vegetables, you could be quite certain of your plate was taken by &quot;the excellent staff&quot;, no matter your knife and fork crossing (i.e. I wish to go on eating - please do not take it !).The eating room was also always very cold !We cancelled 8 of 10 dinners (as same experience like at breakfast - untasty meals &amp; unprofessional staff), our touroperator promised to refund it. The only one light point of our holiday was the sea - very warm and clear as well as the beach ! Resume: This hotel does not match to a 5* hotel, maximum 3*. Our previous experience with 5* hotels (Cyprus, Turkey) - they all were higher standard than Hilton Jumeirah Beach.Especially Turkey - Excellent meals ! Due to poor meals and bothering restaurant staff - our holiday was poor !The staff - who opens car ( taxi ) door is unnecessary if the food is poor... I apologize for my poor English and wish all people enjoy their holidays !	
Jun 14 2006	Over booked	Looking forward to staying at this hotel after reading the reviews BUT on arrival Executive suites overbooked...so had to stay in a holding room for two nights...VIRGIN rep no help at all. We eventually did get sorted out but as we had only booked for 7 nights we feel we had two days wasted! Hotel very good and service excellant, cannot say the same about VIRGIN holidays support though. Lots of building works but we expected that so no problem. Would visit again but NOT through Virgin holidays.	
Jun 6 2006	Superb Customer Care at Hilton Jumeirah	Stayed for 5 nights during half term May 2006 holiday with the family. I was offered an upgrade to the 8th Floor executive family suite... slippers, bathrobe, newspaper, bottled water and the works... the minibar was tempting, but I was well prepared with Glenmorangie from LHR duty free.... yum Since it was my wife's b'day the previous week, the hotel guest relations team came up with a delicious chocolate cake and a birthday card.... its the small touches that make the difference.The lobby and bar staff are very attentive and curteous.... especially Miracar, who works at the lobby bar.The breakfast was a treat in itself, with an excellent variety of fruits and other brfeakfast goodies.The only small problem was the choices for vegetarians/Indian meals at the restaurants, although on one of the nights in the Oceana restaurant, the chef did go out of his way to make us some &quot;Mixed veg Masala&quot;.Keep up the good work..... the construction work did not bother us at all !!	
May 9 2006	Fabulous Service	My husband and I stayed 4 days on the way home to Australia from Paris. We were given an upgrade to an Executive room on arrival so needless to say our stay got off on the right foot.The room was large - especially after the size of French hotel rooms ! It had all the amenities one could ask for, CD player, slippers, robes, coffee making facilities , free bottled water , turn down service etc, iron and ironing board, plenty of wardrobe space, huge bathroom. The beds were incredibly comfortable, after a long flight and my husband not feeling well, it was like slipping into a cloud. Heaven.The service here was fantastic, from the breakfast service, housekeeping and pool/beach area. The pool people were wonderful, always making sure everyone was comfortable, retrieving beach lilos, moving then to wherever you wanted and of course the waiting service for drinks etc was hard to beat.The beach itself is used only by guests or locals willing to pay for the privilidge. It was clean and manned by lifegaurds. The building going on around the hotel was the only negative..and there is lots. While the noise of it didn't bother us as the glass is double glazed I gather, but it does look ugly. When checking in, ask if you can have a room on the side of the hotel facing the Burj Al Arab as this side is not as confronting in terms of the works going on. I will say though that at the moment Dubai is one huge building site so if you want a beach/resort holiday rather than a stopover go to Thailand!	
May 1 2006	Beware of the building works	I am writing this review to highlight some of the positive and negative points about the hotel. In my experience the Hilton Group of hotels have very high standards and that is why we stay with them so frequently. The hotel rooms were clean and the staff were excellent. The BICE restaurant was good and the exclusive 10th floor bar which is only open to hotel guests was very relaxing and opulent. The Sports bar on the ground floor was very undersold and excellent value for money if you want a burger or some basic food. The other restaurants were what you would expect from a five star hotel. The waiting staff were quite keen to sell you more than you had decided to buy and were a little too keen to fill your wine glass - too intrusive but manageable. The pool was always very busy and the beach less so but nothing out of the ordinary. The gym was fine and very quiet. We were told that there was going to be building work going on but were informed by a member staff on our arrival that it finised at 7pm each day. We subsequently discovered that it went on 24 hours a day! The hotel is right next to a huge concrete making facility and the main noise came from the warning beeping sound of construction vehicles reversing. It was a nightmare and drove us and other guests mad. I complained on the first day as it quite clearly stated that the building works had little affect on guests as the rooms faced inwards. This was plainly misleading. We were moved to the other side of the hotel, which was marginally better. So, if you go there this year I suggest you always ask for a room overlooking the pool and don't take no for an answer.Since we are quite seasoned travellers we like to book an Executive room when we stay at the Hilton Group of hotels. The primary reason for this is that there is some kind of exclusivity attached with it as you usually get a room on the top floor which is generally known as the Executive Floor. The advantages of this are meant to be that you have a higher grade room (with internet/fax for the business traveller) and an executive lounge which serves breakfast, afternoon tea and complementary drinks and finger food in the evening. When we have stayed in other Hilton hotels we have really enjoyed this personal service. Not in Dubai! The Executive floor was completely oversold. The Executive Floor is based on the top floor but people attending breakfast seemed to come from the 6th floor upwards. This put a great deal of pressure on the Filipino staff (who were excellent, but totally unappreciated by their ex-pat managers who were rarely seen, and when they were just seemed to tell their workers off with no appreciation of their predicament). They also tried to enforce a dress code on customers at pre-dinner drinks (6pm to 8pm) which really wound up the customers, not because they did not want to comply but because they were unaware of the rules as they were not published. It was very embarrassing for the staff, and customers alike. Often it was the straw that broke the camels back and guests were extremely angry. Again a good manager would have dealt with the issues.Would I stay there again? Not until the building work is complete.	
Apr 23 2006	Great hotel Fantastic staff	Just returned from a 6 night stay at the Hilton with my wife and 15 yr. old son and had what can only say that it was perfect.Having stayed in similar hotels throughout Europe and America this was our first trip to the middle east.The staff of whom there seemed to be a lot were never more than a few feet away but never in your face.The facilities at the hotel were such that we never had to eat out.We stayed on the 9th. floor executive and a few extra luxuries as standard.While there is building work going on around the hotel this the norm in Dubai but it was never a problem.We shall certainly be returning to this hotel.	
Apr 19 2006	Nice Beach / pool area	My wife and I used points and upon checking in were given what must have been the absolute worst room location - 1st floor, smoking room (the room smelled like an ashtray) overlooking the ground floor construction site across the road. I know that this was a free room, but I'm a gold member with non-smoking King in my profile. We went back and were told that the only other room available was on the 5th floor - same location, but with twin beds. We took it - at least it wasn't a smoker's room. There is a lot of construction going on all around the hotel - the staff are very helpful and the beach is nice, but the location leaves something to be desired. You really feel the huge buildings going up around you. The water was lovely, but I was stung by jellyfish (not severe, but about the size of a closed fist) while swimming.	
Apr 18 2006	Hilton is Great!	Myself, husband, and son of 15 have just returned from the Hilton. We cannot praise the hotel enough,everywhere was spotlessly clean, the staff could not do enough for you, the facilities are great, right on the beautiful beach, with lovely pool area and gardens and the Italian Restaurant Bice is wonderful. Even though you are surrounded by building work it really didn't affect our holiday at all. Good location for all the sights along with the fabulous shopping malls. We shall definitely go back again to the Hilton.	
Mar 28 2006 	What a great time!	This has been the stay of our lifetime so far. I've come for a conference and tok my wife and the baby with me. This was the most amazing hotel I've stayed in ever. There simply was no no. Whetever you needed you got. Amazingly attentive and very, very welcoming. I will certainly go there again next spring.The surrounding is loud and it looks quite strange, but it does not matter, because it is more interesting then anything else and you know what to expect before you go.The only downside (which is not the hotels fault) is that the water sports are truely overprized. The Jumeirah Beach hotel has the same stuff about 40-50% cheaper... That is not cool. But I am a watersports freak and others might not even care. Also, when you lay at the beach and the beach butler comes every noe so often and offers you cold drinks, who wants to go to the water anyway ;-) Go there and enjoy!	
Mar 28 2006	Fantastic for Chiildren	We have stayed in Dubai many times but had not stayed here before, we could not have wished for a better stay. We were made to feel very welcome and from the minute we arrived the reception staff did everything they could to ensure we got into our room as early possible. The rooms were very modern and very large comfortable beds. The kids play room was fantastic as our daugther was under three we had to supervise her, but had a babysitter one afternoon,which was very reasonable and my daughter was very happy with her. The outdoor play equipment was excellent and was cleaned down every day and was always very tidy.We ate in Bice, which was very nice and also Pachanga all of which the service was impeccable and the food was great.The building work did not affect us, yes there is a element of noise but the waves lapping up against the white sand soon drown this out. It is actually fascinating watching the work going on.I think that the staff make this hotel what it is. All the staff knew our children's names before we left. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel expecially if you have small children.	
Mar 12 2006	Great Time	Hi. Spend two weeks at the Hilton (Feb/Mar) and had a fantastic time. Sure the building work does take your breath away, but the majority of the heavy stuff has been done and the rooms are double glazed. I actually found it quite fascinating to watch. However the rear of the hotel could still be noisy I would imagine. All the staff were excellent and the food very good. Having a 2yr old, the hotel was fantastic with the outside play areas under cover and a excellent free crèche (being under 4, we had to stay and watch). On the negative side the cost of eating at the hotel can build up. A suggestion would be to take the excellent hotel bus's to go to the two nearby malls and eat there for a fraction of the price. Also there is a 200dhr per night surcharge which again can build up. I am curious what the area will be like on completion, but it looks like it will be fantastic. Taxi to the airport was about 80dhr, with a mall ride costing about 25dhr. Discussing with the bank manager (my wife) a return visit. Any questions feel free to email me.	
Feb 19 2006	Great Service - shame about the 24 hour building work nearby	We have just returned from staying here for half term hols. We cannot recommend the staff, food and service highly enough and we are pretty picky about hotels. We had a great spacious 2 roomed suite for us and the two kids with a sea facing sitting room which became their bedroom. Unfortunatley our bedroom faced the major building projects over the road which are going on 24 x7. This is the first time i have had to wear earplugs to try and get some sleep (kindly provided by the hotel when we asked). We do feel for the staff, they are doing all they can to make you have a great stay and the government are not helping by letting the builders operate round the clock. Apart from this though we had a great time and will go back but probably to a different hotel until the building work is finished. Kids made very welcome, the pool is heated just in case the temp drops a little!! and there is a great kids club in case they get bored doing other stuff	
Feb 6 2006	Great hotel excellent service	I stayed at the Hilton Jumeirah on January 14th for 7 days with 5 friends, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Excellent service. We had 2 rooms that overlooked the pool area although the other side of the hotel partly overlooked the building site but you have sea view from both sides. The building works did not bother us at all.The hotel is very clean &amp; the staff were so friendly, they cant do enough for you.We ate at the Bice restaurant twice, the food was great, the entertainment (the piano player) was good. Our highlight was Friday brunch buffet at the Burj Al Arab which was about £50 without drinks, the food and the view was amazing. We booked on their website before we went to Dubai.Everything about Dubai was excellent and would definetely stay at the Hilton again.	
Jan 27 2006	A Very Happy Xmas	We stayed over Xmas/Boxing Day on our way to Australia and the hotel was fab. We were upgraded to an executive suite for no extra cost and the place was superb. We could have our breakfast in the 9th floor lounge or in the main ground floor place. We did one of each and I'd say the general place was better that the executive place. More choice of everything and more turnover of dishes.We got access to the lounge from 6-8pm for &quot;Happy Hour&quot;. I thought this would be the usual 2 for 1 stuff but as it turned out, all the wines, beer, spirits etc were free of charge and there was a good selection of finger food to satisfy anyone (cheeses, smoked salmon, mini kebabs etc)all free. Staff were very friendly and helpful. They were all obviously trained to make westerners happy by wearing Santa hats and saying &quot;Merry Christmas&quot; every time you made eye contact. Minor quibbles are the usual ones. The city is one huge building site. Not very noisy but not great to look at. Also, the hotel is about 45-50 minutes from downtown so not much to see in surrounding area.	
Jan 23 2006	Hilton Overshadowed by construction of much taller buildings	I have just come back after a 3 day stay at the Hilton. This is not my first visit to Dubai so my opinion may point out some disappointments based on previous experiences. I had booked a Deluxe Plus room (i.e. sea view) non –smoking; however upon arrival, a non-smoking room wasn’t ready, and we had to wait in the lobby. This was rather unfortunate as we were very tired after a 3-week stay in India and really wanted to sleep. After an hour a room was ready, however it was not a total sea view, it was half construction, and half pool and a bit of sea view.(see photo attached). As I had stayed at the adjacent hotel Oasis Beach with a total sea view room 3 years ago I was disappointed with the view as in Oasis Beach Hotel sea view means a direct sea view. When I mentioned the partial sea view to reception staff, they informed me that only the suites have a total direct sea view. This is not clearly mentioned on the Hilton website. As seaview rooms (Deluxe Plus) cost more than standard (Deluxe) I think Hilton need to make this point clear. The balcony too is small, and shaded due to construction of much taller buildings behind.Ok, good points, staff were friendly and greeted us and gave our child some crayons and colouring book upon arrival. The room was comfortable and once inside you cannot hear any construction sounds. Free water and fruit was available in the room. All the staff were courteous and always said hello. Breakfast buffet (7-11.00am) was good, but a bit crowded especially at later breakfast times. There is a Kids Club (ages 3-12 I think), which is free of charge to use. However, if you wish to leave your child there s/he must be 4 years old. Health club has a gym and spa area with sauna, steam room –these were very clean and not crowded and open till 10p.m.The outdoor Pool I found the temperature of the water quite cold so we didn’t use it. The pool area was also in the shade this again is due to the construction of much taller building behind the Hilton. In fact, during my entire stay, I only saw one person using the pool! The beach area and chill out areas are good place to chill or relax with prompt food service.So, would I recommend Hilton? Yes, if you’ve never been to Dubai you will love it. But personally, I feel there are definitely better 5 star and 4 star hotels available in Dubai so I personally would not stay there again.Overall opinion of Dubai: I think the bubble is going to burst soon as the airlines and services don’t seem to be able to cope with the large number of visitors drawn to the sunshine haven of clear blue skies and luxury accommodation. 3-5 years ago the older Dubai Hotels were good and the flights not full, today all flights are flying 100% capacity. Sure, Dubai will make a lot of money out of this. It could be the next Menorca………. -CH1	
Nov 22 2005 	Absolutely Fantastic Hotel	I was really apprehensive about staying at the Hilton due to the construction work I had heard so much about so I checked this site every day for new updates. As it turns out, we made the right decision to stay there. We stayed at the Hilton from Nov.12-19 and found the hotel to be absolutely fantastic and first rate. The construction work is more fascinating to look at than cumbersome. I would urge anyone planning on staying there to get a seasideview if possible, but if not, it shouldn't really ruin your stay.The staff are unbeleivably welcoming and friendly and we enjoyed every minute of our vacation. What I appreciated the most -unlike some other resorts we stayed at like in the Maldives- is that there isn't a general culture to suck as much money out of the guests as possible. They offer you complementary water in your room each morning and have a happy hour at the sports bar so you can get a few rounds of cheap drinks in before your evening meal. The Italian manager of the BICE restaurant even offered us a couple of after dinner drinks on the house after we chatted with him for a while. Everything is really made so you can enjoy your holiday. The fact that we got upgraded twice didn't hurt either.The best aspect of this hotel is that although it is a five star hotel (as most of them are in Dubai), it is very accommodating to both couples and families and at no time do you feel out of place with kids. The staff actually genuinly love kids and it is not simply a prerequisite impossed by them on management. Don't be surprised if by the end of your stay everyone knows your kid's name. The beach has some swings and a bouncy castle which is great for the kids. The priceless benefit of this hotel is that it has a day care centre so you can either leave your kids there or get a baby sitter to watch them. We went with our 15-month old boy who absolutely loved running around in the sand in the morning and playing in the day care centre in the afternoon. He was so exhausted by the end of the day that he went straight to bed in the evening and we were free to eat by ourselves in the hotel. Unlike some earlier reviews, I found the pool water to be a nice temperature and not too cold. It wasn't overpopulated either. The beach is great and you have staff who are there at your beck and call ready to bring you drinks etc. if you want. You can do a host of water sports activities but they come at an additional cost. The Italian restaurant BICE was apparently voted the best restaurant in Dubai. The food was really good but there is naturally a price tag that comes along with that. The beach side restaurant (only really open for lunch) looked good but we never really got a chance to eat there. We ate lunch once at Almuntaha restaurant at the top of the Burj Al-Arab. The food was ok but you have to be ready to walk out with a £250 bill for two at the end. The view is fantastic and it's a once in a lifetime opportunity so the choice is yours! If you are really looking for the great bargains in Dubai, go to the Karama market where you can buy anything from clothes, shoes, bootleg DVDs and fake watches. The shopping centres in Dubai are nice to stroll in but the prices don't differ that much from European prices unless there are sales on.This is definitely a hotel I would return to in the future.PS. all photos were taken early in the morning	
Nov 7 2005	Fantastic	We stayed at this hotel for eight nights and it was absolutely fantastic.We were a bit apprehensive at the start what with the building works and the bad TV publicity - but it is the quietest building site we have ever seen. If anything it was actually pretty amazing to watch.The hotel rooms, facilities, restaurants and staff are all amazing and nothing is too much bother for them.As for Dubai itself - wonderful people, wonderful weather - what more could you want on your holidays.If anyone has a bad word to say about this hotel then they are obviously very hard to please!!Loved it from start to finish.	
Nov 2 2005	exellent hotel	My first trip to Dubai.Was apprehensive, but this fear was unfounded.This place is absolutely fantatic for a short break.It feels so very safe,why can't we feel this way in England.It was refreshing to walk around the bars and restaurants at night without encountering any Engish type of yob behaviour or drunks.The taxis are plentiful and cheap with no ripping off.The hotel was exellent especially all the Indan staff.	
Oct 28 2005	Oasis in a buiding site	Our recent stay at the Hilton,Jumeira Beach was not quite what we expected. The staff were great and worked hard to make our stay enjoyable. The rooms were large and well presented with great beds and nice linen.We were aware that there was building work nearby but we were not prepared for the scale of it. From our balcony you could watch 24 multi-storey buildings being erected, each in excess of 40 storeys. The work continued day and night. To take in the sea view you first had to blank out the village of workers huts just beside the hotel, the dust and noise made the balcony unuseable.For a short trip we also found the Hilton just too far from the centre of things, a trip to the souks took 30-45 minutes each way and the roads around the hotel were in a very poor state due to the constant heavy traffic.	
Oct 28 2005	Great family friendly Hotel and Don't Worry about the building work !	Just got back from a week with the family at the Jumeirah Hilton and was extremely impressed.- Great room (family suite)- Great breakfast- Fantastically friendly staff - Several really good restaurants (Italian and South American)- Small but excellent kids club- Friendly and reliable baby-sitters who are hotel employees- Good pool which is shaded for most of the day - Beautiful beach leading down to crystal clear warm (30 degrees) watersThinking about negatives:- It is a long way from town (30 - 45 min in a taxi) - When you look behind the hotel there is a mass of construction work going on (see my photo) but it is OK because they have finished all the heavy building work so you don't notice it unless you look behind and above the hotel. I would still avoid any room which faces inland though partial sea view rooms are fine.At the hotel (UK half term holidays) many people were paying up to $350 for a standard room per night. This was after scouring the internet for bargains. I simply emailed them 3 months before, asking for the rate for the multi-national company I work for and got a family suite (2 rooms) for $250 per night.Overall I would recommend this hotel without a moments hesitation and the kids absolutely loved it !	
Oct 21 2005	Thoroughly recommended!	Stayed for 3 nights earlier this year and would thoroughly recommend this hotel! We were welcomed with cold drinks and ushered straight away up to the Executive floor, where we were personally checked-in and offered more refreshments. When we arrived in our room, we discovered that the extra bed ordered for our 8-year old was not there, but on enquiring, it was soon delivered - closely followed by a dish of &quot;sweetmeats&quot; and a card of apology from the manager!Room was more than adequate, and big enough for all of us. The bathroom was well stocked, as was the minibar. There was plenty of hanging space in the wardrobes. Balcony - although it faced on to some of the building work - provided us with beautiful sea views, and a sunset not to be forgotten! The activity on the building site was actually quite mesmerising (we actually sat out with a coffee and watched for a while!), but did not bother us at all once the doors were closed - or when we were on the beach or at the pool.Executive lounge - go for it! This was the best value of our holiday! For our room rate we were able to have breakfast (hot and cold selections, eat as much as you want), afternoon tea if we wished and, best of all, a couple of hours of free drinks and &quot;nibbles&quot; in the evening - although &quot;nibbles&quot; is not how I would describe the selection of hot and cold food available; we only actually had dinner on one of the nights of our stay, since we had filled up so much at the &quot;happy hour&quot; (and with alcohol being so expensive, the &quot;free&quot; drinks were a bonus!)!The beach was idyllic, and the pool never seemed too busy.Finally seek out the Sky Bar. What a fantastic place for a nightcap, sitting under the stars, overlooking the Gulf! Fantastic memories!	
Oct 21 2005	Fabulous service and excellent value	We stayed in this Hotel in September and it was perfect for our requirements. Although we knew there was some building work in the vicinty nothing prepares you for the scale of this. In saying this we had a room that was facing the sea, as they all are, and we truly did not hear anything at all. It is too hot to sit for long on your balcony so it is not a concern to anyone who stays at this hotel. We paid an extra supplement to stay on the executive floor with access to the lounge and the complimentary refreshments during the day, it is well worth it! There is a separate entrance and the rooms are on higher floors. The beach and pool areas are well equipped and the service is perfect just enough but not too much. We ate only at the Bice restaurant within the hotel, but I can say this is a world class restaurant the service was faultless and the food was wonderful. Taxis are readily available but the road outside had so many speedbumps, this would only be my small complaint and this is not the fault of the Hilton Hotel at all. I would whole heartedly recommend this hotel to anyone who wanted to visit Dubai but wanted to spend a little less than other hotels.	
Oct 13 2005	Fantastic	We started our 6 week overseas trip with a 3 day break at the Hilton Jumeirah and were worried that we had peaked too soon. This hotel is fantastic, great food, pool, beach and the staff are amazing. Yes there is construction everywhere but not only at Jumeriah but all over Dubai. It was a full on round the clock construction zone outside our window and I did not hear a thing from our room and when you are at the pool or beach you are facing towards the water so it has no impact whatsoever. Breakfast is amazing, they have everything you could ever think of and try the Mexican restaurant it is lovely. Highly recommended.	
Sep 30 2005	Great Hotel Great Place!	I have just returned with friends from a weeks stay at the Hilton Jumeirah and I have to say that the hotel and Dubai itself surpassed all my expectations. I read a lot of the reviews before I went so it was only fair to post one myself to help others who are travelling to dubai.The hotel itself is excellent and will merit its 5 star status. The standard of service is excellent and the views are pretty good but would recommend a seaview room. There is visible construction at the front of the hotel and my guess is that it will be at least 6 months before the Jumeirah Beach Residence project is completed. The construction does not affect your holiday at all and you can hardly hear anything. You will probaly be able to see the construction from most of the seaview rooms because of the way the hotel is shaped but it really is not worth worrying about.The breakfast is great and you can eat loads. The hotel also has some very nice restaurants. We had dinner at BICE and it is nice but a bit on the expensive side compared to other restaurants in Dubai. It is quite classy though so you would expect to pay more.The pool and beach front have a really nice atmosphere. The hotel pool is cool but in Dubai weather you need a dip to just cool off. The weather is in the day was around 40 degrees but it is not so excessive that it becomes unbearable. When your wandering around Dubai you are just steppiing out of an air-conditioned taxi into air conditioned malls etc so you hardly spend any time in excessive heat. I personally found the temperatures perfect and a nice tan is guaranteed.There are better 5 star hotels on Jumeirah Beach (Mina Salam, Al Qasr, Royal Mirage etc) but these will be far more expensive. Some of these hotels are exremely picturesque and worth a visit. Getting about in Dubai is really easy and fairly cheap. The hotels run shuttle buses to the shopping malls and the souks. Alternatively you can just jump into a taxi and they are relatively cheap. The Hilton is quite far away from many of the souks and attractions so you will need taxis. A trip to the Burj Al Arab in a taxi for instance is around 20 Dirhams (£3). The Gold Souks would probably cost around 50 DHS (£8) in a taxi. Dubai is a lot bigger than I thought so its worth getting a map and plan your days so you can work in zones to avoid taxi fares back and forth. A practical tip is to avoid long trips in the rush hours as the traffic can be really bad. The longest amount of time we ever spent in taxi to get anywhere was about an hour.As for shopping you are just spoilt for choice. In addition to the Gold Souks, there are a number of very smart shopping centres ( Ibn Buttana, Mercato, Burjaman, Deira etc). I think the Emirates Mall is also very close to opening and it is supposed to be one of the biggest in the world. Most of the big hotels also have shops and restaurants.There are loads of things you can do in Dubal if you don't fancy shopping all the time. We went to the Burj for afternoon tea and it is worth a visit. Wild Wadi is a fun day out. Madinat Jumeirah is worth a visit to see some of the great hotel grounds and bazaars etc.. Nighlife is scattered across Dubai and most of the clubs are in hotel grounds ( Fairmont, Emirates Towers, Madinat Jumeriah and others). If you don't like clubs, these places are still worth a visit as there are good shops and restarurants in the complexes and some of the bars will give you great views of Dubai. The Dubai skyline is just amazing particularly at night even with many buildings yet to be completed. Dubai is just fantastic and i would have loved to have stayed longer and I will definately be returning soon. Hope you find the review helpful.	
Sep 9 2005	absolutely fabulous	A party of thirteen of us just returned from staying at the Hilton for 7 nights on August 28th. Well what more can we say I think all the previous reviewers have mentioned every little detail.Before we went out to Dubai we were very apprehensive as to whether we had made the right choice of hotels admist all the construction work. We must admit this web page was an enormous help. Anyway we booked it and thought we won't know the real truth until we get outhere. We were unsure after seeing the holiday programme which I now think was very biased.When we were approaching near our hotel we all did think &quot;Oh my god we are right in the middle of a huge building site&quot;, but that was all immediately forgotten as soon as were welcomed by the staff and, when we saw this huge but absolutley amazing lobby. We were given juice whilst we were checking in and the children received colouring pencils and books. When we were allocated to our rooms we were not happy as the room had only one huge bed. As we were sharing with children we wanted rooms with 2 double beds. We were given folding beds for the night and the manager promised us to move us to different rooms the next day, which they did not hesitate to do with even better sea views.Everything about the hotel was 100% perfect. The kids loved it and did not want to leave. The food was brilliant and we can't praise the staff enough. As for the noise you could not hear one thing. The only noise you could hear throught the night was the air conditioning. Our stay was absolutely fabulous and would love to go back next year and see the building work completed.	
Sep 6 2005	Absolutely fantastic! Amazing hotel	This August, my Mother and I took a 2 week holiday to Dubai, a vastly up-and-coming city, definitely a jewel of the Middle East. We chose the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah from the brochure and after reading up on it from this site, felt compelled to tell everybody how absolutely wonderful this hotel, and indeed place, is. We left Heathrow on August 18th, arriving around 8am on the morning of Friday 19th. The transfer to the hotel from the airport was perfectly smooth. Driving in to the area though, down the Jumeirah Beach Road, at first looked like we were entering Beirut! The construction of the Jumeirah Beach Residence, and the Dubai Marina (just behind) is on an absolutely huge scale. You just cannot believe the amount of buildings, and also cranes that there are, and my mother and I looked at eachother with a lot of apprehension, mainly both thinking 'Oh what the hell are we in for!' After passing by the Ritz-Carlton and Oasis Beach, we pulled in to the Hilton and we were greeted by the huge grins and friendliness of the doormen who took our luggage for us. We knew before we left that hotel rooms were not ready for check in usually, until 2pm. The friendly concierge did her very best to arrange something earlier. In the meantime, we took a short walk to see where the beach was, and free tea, coffee and water were provided as a type of 'waiting area' in the StudioOne sports bar. Around 10am, we were told that a room was available, and would we like to have a look at it before accepting it. It looked fine and we went back down to the reception to be issued with room cards and shortly after we arrived in our room, the concierge brought up our luggage and passports. The deluxe seaview room did live up to expecdtations. Very spacious and comfortable, with a nice bathroom and fair size balcony. From our balcony, to the right we had a charming view of the building works, but we were both taken back in surprise by just how QUIET it was, in comparison to the scale of the project! Not the most spectacular view, but you only had to look in front of you and to the left we could sea the beautiful white beach, crystal blue Arabian Gulf, the swimming pool and further out, we could sea the Palm Island Project coming to shape! Directly in front of us, albeit in the distance, we could see the Burj Al Arab, the only 7* hotel in the world! We were very impressed. Once the balcony door was closed, you could not hear a thing - and I mean a thing! The cool air conditioning kept the room at a nice temperature, and stepping back in to it at the end of a long hard days sunbathing in temperatures which peaked 46C/115F, was majestic!The rooms were well cleaned everyday, with fresh towels and bathroom amenities. The bed linen was changed every three days, but could be changed every day if you wished so. There was a minibar, with alcohol and soft drinks at reasonable prices which was restocked every day, and you were also given 2 complimentary bottles of mineral water a day. There were also two spacious wardrobes and a good iron and hairdryer (hidden in a drawer!)The beach of the hotel is stunning. Temperatures averaged around 43C/110F, and the sea water around 35C/95F! Never have I been in water (sea water) so warm, in fact you didn't get in to cool down, you got in to get wet and nothing more! The colours of the Arabian Gulf - a haze of technicolour blues and sandy bottom make the water ideal. The building work didn't bother us one tiny bit at all during our stay, we could barely hear a thing on the beach, I suppose it'd be comparable to a small airconditioning unit a few metres away! And that is more drowned out by the sounds of the waves crashing on the white sand. There are very comfy seats which you can use which are at the edge of the water and are a perfect place to have the water lapping at your toes whilst catching some rays! There is a beach butler service, who drive around on a little cart to deliver any drinks you may order. When getting your pool towels, you are given a red flag which you hang up if you want to order anything from the butler. There is also a bar which you can walk up to yourself and purchase a range of soft drinks or beer. They also bring round huge trays of fresh juicy watermelon, ice cold flannels (heavenly!) and cups of ice (even more heavenly!) for nothing which are fantastic. Even in such hot weather, the staff could not be more friendly and considerate, and they are very genuine in doing anything they can to help.There is a fairly large pool, with swim up pool bar, and also lots of subeds throughout the gardens, but we found the pool too busy and with a lot of children, and the beach was so beautiful, we infact only used the pool for half an hour on the first and last morning!There are a range of restaurants in the hotel. We had bed and breakfast basis and the breakfast buffet in the Oceana Restaurant in the lobby had the most fantastic range of food anyone could wish for! There are every kind of fresh fruit, cheeses and cold meats, tons of different breads, croissants and pastrys, fresh cooked (full English) foods, as well as a cooking station where they could cook french toast, waffles, pancakes, any types of egg as you ordered them! They had a machine squeezing fresh oranges for juice which I wanted to bring home! It was my 15th birthday whiilst we were there, and on the morning of my birthday, at my Mums request for some balloons at my table, all of the staff came out singing 'Happy Birthday', with a birthday cake and candles, and some balloons! I was a bit embarrassed at first but it made it a very special morning and everyone in the restaurant said Happy Birthday to me! Oceana have 'theme' nights, with a buffet menu of different styles, including Mexican, Italian, Seafood, Steak&amp;Jazz, and Arabic. We dined in here on the Italian night where the pasta is cooked in front of you to your taste and there are gorgeous fresh salads and meats. We also dined here on the Steak and Jazz night, where they had beautiful fresh cuts of beef (my Mum said the filet mignon was one of the best she'd tasted!) and the most fantastic desserts, including a chocolate fountain and marshmallows, apple pie, and my favourite of all, from the Italian night, Orange Panna Cotta, which was actually to die for!!We dined in the upmarket, trendy and sophisticated Italian restaurant BiCE. The pasta is the best I have ever tasted, with a perfect Arabbiatta sauce! We also had food in WaveBreaker (off the beach) which was nice, and you could order anything you wanted, all day every day from Room Service, but, saving the best til last, the Latin American speciality, Pachanga! This restaurant was fabulous!! We dined in here three times, and each time enjoyed it tremendously! You can choose from Brazilian, Argentinian, or Mexican fare, and the ambience is lovely, with salsa dancers on Wednesdays, but a live Latin American band performing music of that region on other nights. Whilst waiting for your food, you are served a complimentary basket of olive bread, still warm, which you could eat instead of dinner, and then hand coooked Nachos with a fresh guacamole dip, which is tailor made for you at your table, enabling you to see and choose exactly what goes in it! I highly reccoment the Chicken Fajitas, and just wait until you see how the desserts are presented - their appearance on the plate deserves a Michelin star alone in my opinion! In addition, the hotel run a shuttle to three main shopping places - First stop BurJuman mall, which is full of designer shops such as Dior, Chanel, Versace, Louis Vuitton and Saks 5th Avenue dept. store. Second stop: Gold Souks, which are about a ten minute walk from where the bus drops you (although we did get lost and have to ask someone the direction to the Souk itself!) - good for jewellry, only white and yellow gold though, no silver. The shop owners keep cutting the prices, so if you really want something then go from shopto shop and get the best price you can! Last stop, Deira City Centre: a Carrefours hypermarket, BHS, Woolworths, and a Debenhams, Topshop and River Island, as well as lots of other stores and restaurants. It's a bit of a home from home, but still pretty good in a huge mall! The staff in the hotel are incredibly friendly. Incredibly. They are polite and nothing is too much trouble for anybody. I have to particularly mention Nasir, who works in the Lobby in charge of transport. He greeted us on our very first morning, telling us about the hotel and offered help should we ever need it. Every time we saw him, we had a charming conversation, and after I mentioned my birthday, he found me the day after down on the beach and gave me a small birthday book, which I thought was the sweetest thing for him to do! Totally beyond what the job requires I'm sure, but he was incredibly friendly and made our stay that bit more enjoyable. Next, was Savio, who worked in the Lobby and also for Room Service - such a charming young man, evr friendly and couldn't have done more to help. Also Ly, who worked in WaveBreaker - to name but a few. The Hilton should be incredibly proud of these staff who make the hotel all the more worthy of its 5* status. All in all, we had a fantastic stay at the Hilton. We'd love to visit there again in a few years and see the building work completed. There was nothing to do in the evening apart from dinner, no live entertainment in the hotel (only one poor point), and nowhere to walk to outside. In a few years the JBR and many other projects will be finished and I think Dubai will be even more a fantastic place to visit. I would definitely reccomend the Hilton Jumeirah - a top class hotel and I cannot praise them highly enough for the top quality service, beach and overall genuine friendliness they provided us with during our stay.	
Aug 16 2005	Fantastic doesn't even come close!	My boyfriend and I have just spent 10 fabulous nights in the amazing city which is Dubai and our hotel of choice was the Hilton Jumeirah. Before our trip I had spent hours and hours trawling the net for reviews on the hotel, its location, service etc and although 9 out of every 10 reviews were positive, I can honestly say that none prepared me for just how amazing my stay there really was. From the second our transfer coach dropped us off at the Hilton Jumeirah (at 8.30am in the morning!) we were treated like kings! From the doormen that took our luggage and held open the car doors to the concierge who checked us in. There is not a negative thing I can say about the running of this hotel or indeed, its staff. As we had such an early arrival we could not engage our room until 2pm so this meant a long wait. We were fully aware of this and could have paid extra for early check in but chose not to. Yes we were tired after the flight and yes it was hot (try 45'C/120F!!!) but there was the option of using the already thriving pool area, the beautiful air-conditioned indoor waiting areas or the cushioned, shaded areas around the pool. And with the amazing bar and pool staff at hand to serve you ice cold water and flannels, the waiting around didn't once feel like an issue. As it turned out we didn't have to wait until 2pm as our concierge did his utmost help to get us in as quickly as possible. We got the keycard to our deluxe seaview room at just after 12.30pm. I will hazard a guess that most of the readers of this who are planning on or indeed are staying in the Hilton Jumeirah are aware and in no doubt concerned about the construction work that is going on around the hotel. I too (hence my hours of internet review trawling) had concerns prior to staying here. All I can say to anyone with worries is PLEASE DON'T. I know it sounds crazy and I know it is said before in previous reviews, but it really isn''t an issue. Yes the construction is on-going and for the best part of the day, yes you can see building works from most of the rooms in the hotel, yes there is some noise. I can honestly say, hand on heart when I was sunbathing and swimming in the pool I was barely aware of anything. The noise from the pool and families drowned out any construction. The beautiful surroundings of the hotel grounds more than made up for the unfinished buildings and apartments. And as for being in the room. You could NOT hear a thing. The pool area is brilliant with free sunbeds and free use of beach and pool towels - no need to bring one from home! The beach is amazing and the sea - wow! Never have I been in sea with a temperature of 35'C/100F! Getting back to the staff of the pool and beach area - what a great job these guys do. So friendly and welcoming even in this extreme heat never do they show irritability or stress. Service with a smile at all times and you know what? They mean it. Fantastic people and I have to give a very special mention to Ly ;-)The Hilton Jumeirah has wonderful restaurants and food. We had opted for bed and breakfast during our stay which was from 7am-11am. What a choice! The variety was amazing. Choose from an array of fresh fruits, cakes, pastries, bacon, hash browns, sausages, cheeses, cereals, toast, pancakes, waffles, eggs how you like them. From Continental to American, Japenese, Asian and a full English, the choice was there. We ate in two of the in-house restaurants during our stay also. One was an exquisite Italian called Bice, the other (and my personal favourite) the Latino called Pachanga. Bice was great. The portions are huge, piping hot and the freshest tasting pasta I have had in a long time. Aperitifs are served whilst you have a drink at the bar and the ambience is great. Whilst we were dining Roger Federer was two tables away! And Pachanga - well! No exaggeration when I say it was the best steak I have ever tasted! Choose from either Mexican, Argentinian or Brazilian cuisine - why not have one of everything! Handcooked nachos with freshly made to order guacamole prepared in front of you are served whilst your starter and main meal is being prepared at no extra cost and the rustic bread is replaced frequently. This is definitely one to visit. Judging by the length of this review it appears that I have spoken enough about my praise for this hotel and so to save you all from falling asleep I will finish up now on these last few things. The rooms are spacious and comfortable with huge beds and lots of wardrobe space, the bathroom is modern and clean and the amenities are great! They are replaced everyday so you wouldn't even need to bring shampoo, conditioner, shower gel from home! The rooms are cleaned every single day and what a job they do. Robes are provided as are towels and complimentary mineral water is left every day. The health spa is worth a visit, I had a full body massage and it was fab. Yes August is an extremely hot time of year in Dubai but not unbearable so don't let people put you off. I myself along with my boyfriend will 100% be visiting this amazing city and hotel again that I can swear to.	
Jul 31 2005	What more could you ask for!!!	i went to dubai with my family last year for a week and stayed at the most luxrious hotel ever the hilton. the service is brilliant and the location is fabulous with the sea on you're doorstep!! the hotel was everything you would expect and more the food delicious, rooms spacious with spectacular views!!!also from our hotel we organised an action packed day out including fishing,water sports,sand surfing,camel rides and the must do if going to dubai the 4x4 dune tour fast and furious as you want overall one of the most memborable holidays ive ever experienced!	
Jul 29 2005 	Superb hotel	Have to agree with recent reviews of this hotel - it is excellent, in spite of the building site which surrounds it. I was disappointed to see such a damning review on TV the other night which concentrated solely on the building work and gave no credit to the excellence of the hotel itself. The staff are the friendliest and among the most efficient I have come across in many years of travelling. My young son loved it because everyone said hello and by the end of the week knew his name and made a point of speaking to him. Definitely ask for a sea view room, but the double glazing cuts out all noise and dust, and the pool and the beach are lovely. Just be prepared for the drive past the construction work and be amazed!	
Jul 29 2005	Nice Hotel	I recently went to Dubai for a 3 day business trip. Had stayed in this hotel a few years before and the hotel still looks good. Might seem dated when compared to the more luxurious hotels but at these prices it is still worth it. Wanted to stay in a Laguna Suite and was &quot;disappointed&quot; to be given an Executive Suite instead. Was explained that due to the construction work, they had closed off the Laguna Suite.Anyway, this was still excellent. Nice living room, spacious bedroom, really comfortable bed, 2 balconies and daily complimentary fruit. Staff were really helpful, pool &amp; beach was pleasant and not too overcrowded (maybe because July is way too hot - over 40 degrees).Even with the construction work going on all night, once you shut the balcony doors you could not hear a single thing so i was still able to sleep peacefully.Would definitely stay here again if on business (for holidays with the family nothing beats Jumeirah Beach Hotel).	
Jul 2 2005	Absolutely fabulous	We have just returned from a fabulous week in Dubai, U.A.E. We stayed at the Hilton hotel on Jumeirah Beach and it was 5 star all the way!Okay, so there was a wee bit of construction going on across the road, but this did not retract from our holiday. If anything it added to it! You will never see anything like this again in your lifetime!The hotel was fantastic as were all the people working there. From the guy that looked after our room to the staff on the beach. Friendly and helpful with beautiful manners. We cannot speak highly enough of them all.The beach was absolutely magnificent with the whitest sand and warmest water we have ever experienced. The ice cold towels and cold face spray were a little extra which were really appreciated.As for Dubai itself, what can we say but WOW! Had lunch at Burj Al Arab and it was fantastic. What a place, it has to be seen to be believed.Fabulous shopping malls, all in all a great holiday which we would recommend to anyone.	
Jun 24 2005	Loved Hilton Dubai Jumeirah	I have stayed in many hotels but this hotel sticks out from the rest. It was simply exceptional apart from the construction, which you cannot fault the hotel it happens everywhere. The staff from day one were so friendly always treated us with smiles and always greeted us. The ammenties were exceptional with the pool which was always clean and the whole hotel was clean throughout. The food was exceptional and the price was reasonable. The staff were always ready to help you. I would recomend this hotel to anyone	
Jun 8 2005	'the best'	after reading all the reviews and things before we went about the construction and things we knew what to expect, yes there is construction but you seriously just forget about it. it didnt bother us at all! but saying that if i was on my honeymoon or something then maybe!dubai is an amazing placeand the hotel had the most amazing service ever. i have never felt so priveldged and i am so glad that even when talking with the staff the geniuinly want to be off assistance and it isnt false smiles!the beach is beautiful and the cocktails in the hotel we nice to, having just got back yesterday it has been hard to try stay focused on anything other then planning my next trip!!!the hilton is a nice hotel and trust me you holiday will be just as amazing as ours	
Jun 7 2005	excellent - return trip amust	Just returned from 7 day stay at this hotel.was aware of building work but it did take me by suprise,hoever had no impact on my enjoyment at all.service at hotel is first class brilliant customer care given by all staff.stayed in exec lagoon room but due to building work couldn't see lake at all.changed to another room without any problems at all.we were on holiday with our 8 yr old son and he said it was the best holiday he'd been on,he has also been to orlando-disney!part of our package included breakfast in the lounge on the 9th fllor with afternoon cakes/snacks tea coffee juice between 3pm-5pm then nibbles with cocktails between 6pm-8pm.WE HAD PLANNED OUR ITINERARY BEFORE WE SET OFF- MUST DO TRIPS SIGHTS ETC BUT NEVER ACHIEVED HALF OF THIS SO CALLED LIST,DOWN TO SERVICE WE RECEIVED AT HOTEL.STAFF LOOK AFTER YOU SO WELL,LITTLE THINGS FROM COOL DRINK AT CHECKING IN TO ICE COLD SCENTED FLANNELS HANDED OUT BY STAFF WHEN SUN BATHING.THEY ARE THERE TO LOOK AFTER YOU WITHOUT BEING INTRUSIVE.	
Jun 1 2005	Great Hotel	Having just returned from this hotel, I must say yes there are loads of building works surrounding it, but the friendliness and service from the staff outweighs any of the disturbance the look of the building sites may cause. The staff can't do enough for you, they even brought round ice cold flannels and water sprays to help cool you whilst sitting by the pool and on the beach. The hotel is beach facing and the building works do not effect that view. It certainly did not spoil our enjoyment. The food is excellent, and breakfast a must. I have been to this hotel once before 3 years ago and there where no building works then, but I must say I enjoyed myself as much again this year. There are far newer hotels on Juremiah Beach, but the Hilton is just as good, if not as modern. Sitting on the balcony was very noisy, but the weather was really too hot to enjoy doing that anyway. it was easier to sit by the pool or on the beach in the shade of an umbrella. There are only about three hotels on the beach that are unaffected by the building works anyway. The whole of Dubai is engulfed in building of some description. Allow plenty of time to get to where you are going, as the roadworks being built to link Palm Island to the beach roads are causing chaos.	
May 30 2005	absolutely fabulous stay at the jumeirah hilton	We have just returned from a 7day stay at the Hilton Jumeirah Hotel. We can honestly say the hotel was everything you would expect from a 5star. The staff were very courteous and friendly and couldn't do enough for you. Yes,there is a great deal of constrution work going on at the moment but this isn't the only hotel afffected. It is throughout Dubai itself and you don't really notice it when you're in the hotel premises.The beach area is very lovely with plenty of beds. The rooms are a good size with bathrobes and tea and coffee facilities provided.If however you are visiting during the building work we would reccommend you ask for a pool veiw. We would definately book this hotel again.	
May 13 2005 	Disappointing hotel	Stayed there for few days and I have to say that this hotel for the price offers not much. The beach is nice but that is all! Staffs are careless and unfriendly.	
Apr 27 2005	Good hotel excellent service but spoilt by building work	I stayed at the Hilton for 3 nights before moving to the Jumeirah Beach hotel. I was aware of the building work near the hotel, but thought it was further away than it actually is. The hotel is in fact in the middle of a building site and I found it did spoil it the stay a little. Being a Diamond HH member I was disappointed not to be offered an upgraded room. The room I was originally going to be put in was direly looking over the building site. I was then offered a room with a side sea view/side building site view and next to the crèche , again not an executive room. The room was nice enough but not luxurious, on par with most other Hiltons. You could not really sit and relax on the balcony as the noise from the work was quite loud. The food was good and there is a good choice for breakfast in the executive lounge. The staff were excellent and couldn’t do enough to help. There is a free shuttle bus to major shopping centres and the souks which was useful. The beach and hotel grounds are nice with plenty of loungers, however it was a bit cramped and I counted at least 23 buildings being constructed either side of the hotel while on the beach! After moving to the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, I would not rush back to the Hilton, even after the building work is finished as there are nicer hotels in the vicinity.	
Apr 25 2005	Great hotel pity about the building work.	We stayed at the Hilton Jumeirah and found the hotel to be first class. We were upgraded to a suite which was very spacious and comfortable.The building work was much more extensive than we anticipated but we were not really disturbed by it. It was fascinating watching the shifts change and the volume of workers coming and going.The hotel itself was great and the staff could not have been more helpful.Breakfast was fantastic and the afternoon tea in the executive lounge was a treat. The restaurants were all very good and the barbeque at the Wavebreaker was superb.The beach is well kept with nice sun loungers and umbrellas. The beach butler comes round with cold drinks so you don't have to move from your lounger.Although the hotel is a bit further out, there is a shuttle bus to the shopping centrs and the Gold Souk. Taxis are very cheap so distance is not a problem.I would go back to the Hilton- it's not as new as some of the hotels but the service and staff are second to none	
Apr 23 2005	Excellent Hilton Jumeirah Beach Hotel!	Having used this site to help determine where we were going to stay, we thought its only fair we write a review ourselves. My friend and I stayed at the Hilton J hotel for four days from 18th April 2005, and we both found the stay fantastic. Firstly, the hotel staff are the best I have ever witnessed, they spoke excellent English, are courteous, friendly, helpful and genuinely nice people. Service was top quality, a booking error was changed in under a minute, booking excursions was fast and easy, bar staff were friendly and seem to offer lots of free games of pool and check-in staff were brilliant. Most of the activities we carried out were organised through the hotel easily and quickly. The hotels main décor is awesome and meets 5* quality, however, though our room was nice it wasn’t incredibly luxurious. Nevertheless, free bottled water is offered throughout your stay, though at 15p a litre from local shops this isn’t such a bargain as it might seem. The complimentary breakfast had a good range of food, from fruit to hot stuff. Cleaning of the rooms and general appearance of the hotel was excellent too, as was its modest but well kept pool- not that it’s needed with an incredible white sand beach. There are lots of beds on offer so no fighting is necessary to get one, yet they don’t seem to hinder the look of the hotels impressive outdoor grass and bar areas. The gym was very good, including saunas and equipment.Despite being next to 24 hour construction, most of the hotel overlooks a beach view, and considering all of Dubai is being built upon, this is not much different from any other hotel- and in fact we found at night the construction actually looked appealing. Taxis will be needed throughout your stay, though at very cheap prices and you will be able to get to most of the souks and sites in under 30 minutes. We would definitely go back given the chance!	
Apr 1 2005	Lovely hotel but not the best on Jumeirah Beach	It is true to say that the overwhelming construction work which surrounds the Hilton complex is a bit of an eye-sore, and my deluxe sea-view room, was a massive disappointment, but the service here is fantastic, and the food of top quality. The hotel boasts several high quality restaurants with cusine ranging from Italian to Mexican. The Thursday night Arabian buffet is a must! Breakfast is also a real event in itself, and the skybar on the top floor is highly recommended for the view. Rooms are of a good size, and are comfortable but not luxurious. The pool and gardens leading to the beach are very pleasant, and you don't relly notice the construction work going on in the background after a while. We did enjoy our short-stay but I doubt we would return, as I am certain there are better 5 star hotels on Jumeirah beach, albeit at a more expensive rate.	
Mar 21 2005	Couldn't be much better	Having only booked this trip a week in advance having struggled to get a hotel anywhere on Jumeriah Beach, and having been warned about the extensive building work going on, we travelled with a mixture of excitement and trepidation. We needn't have worried!This is a fantastic hotel which certainly merits its 5 star rating. The staff are fantastic and can't do enough. The food is excellent (breakfast is an event), the positioning slightly outside of the city is good (taxis are extremely cheap- £2.50 for a 30 minute ride to the other end of the city) and there's no need to worry about the building work. Of course there's loads of work going on and there is some noise, but this doesn't affect your holiday one bit. The soundproofing in the rooms means you don't hear it and in fact it becomes a bit of a spectacle to watch the work going on. The beach is fantastic and the amenities in the hotel are very good (don't take beach towels-they supply them). There's even a beach butler who will bring drinks, towels and food at the raise of a red flag(also provided). We wouldn't hesitate to go back- in fact my wife said she'd go back today if possible. We're not perfectionists but we do certainly like things to be just right, and without hassle. The Hilton certainly supplies this. I read the reviews before travelling and there does appear to be a mixture. Don't hesitate to select this hotel!The BICE restaurant, Pachango and the 10th storey bar are musts!	
Mar 10 2005	Surrounded by a building site	Stayed here 3 nights 3-6 March in an &quot;executive&quot; room.If having breakfast or evening drinks overlooking a building site is your thing,it is worth the extra money.Hotel itself OK,service excellent(all staff appear to be from the far east) and food good.However the equivalent of Canary Wharf is being built around it,and we found it very depressing.The grounds also feel very cramped. Personally, i would not stay here again even after the building works are finished.	
Mar 6 2005	A great weekend break!	Just spent 4 days at the Hilton Jumeirah and hardly noticed the building works! Of course it's all around you but walking on the beach, sunbathing on the beach and taking a trip to the Creek, it was an adventure and together with excellent service, very comfortable beds, warm sea, clean beaches, we returned to the UK feeling refreshed. There were no children in the Executive lounge when we were there late Feb and I will return in a couple of years when the building is finished.	
Mar 4 2005	Bob the Builder	The friendliness of the staff and the pretty good amenities at the hotel do not, unfortunately, make up for the incredible amount of building work in progress only yards from the room. The balconies on the rooms are unusable and really the biggest gripe is that the booking agent mentioned nothing about this disruption. We managed to secure a late checkout without being charged (UAD585) mainly due to the good service of the front counter staff. One plus point however is the extremely good food to be found at both the Bice Italian restaurant and the Pachange - worth a detour for that alone! The hike into town particularly when the traffic is bad is irksome and even the bus takes over an hour on most journeys.Having said this the staff at the hotel were excellent, friendly, efficient, good natured and an all round credit to the Hilton Group but my advice to anyone seeking a beach holiday - try somewhere else.The service on the beach is good but some of the sun loungers could do with a makeover.	
Feb 24 2005	Disappointing hotel but still a great beach.	You have to feel sorry for the Hilton Jumeirah, even after the monumental building work that's currently going on is finished, their hotel will never be the same again. It's about to be dwarfed by the Jumeirah Beach Residence that's being built seemingly all around the Hilton. It's difficult to predict how the opening of that complex will affect the previously quiet stretch of beach in the long term but already this hotel's setting has been changed for the worse by the building work. Our executive room had an uncompromising view of the building work and nothing else, rendering the balcony completely useless. This had NEVER been pointed out even slightly, when reserving the room. Bedroom and bathroom furnishings were simple and very much in the style of a standard 1990s hotel. Looking a little tired and nothing outstanding, the one exception were the beds which were large and very comfortable indeed. Another massive disappointment was the Executive Lounge, which could more accurately be called the Family Room due to the large numbers of children who were always present. The lounge was too small to accommodate the number of guests who choose an 'executive room'. It shared the same deeply depressing view of the building work as our room and was only cheered up by the relatively friendly staff who were doing their best. The breakfast choice was adequate and the food quality above average without being fantastic. The Afternoon tea was half-hearted and we didn't bother trying the 'Happy Hour'. The name Executive Lounge implies a certain atmosphere and exclusivity. Eating breakfast surrounded by children, high chairs and far too many smokers isn't my idea of a hotel fulfilling that promise. Other Hilton Lounges are superb, this is nothing but a let down. Fortunately the pool, gardens and beach are first rate. The only problem being that the Pool is almost always in the shade (early Feb) and the area around it is very susceptible to the sea breeze making it rather chilly. The small but pleasant beach club is tightly packed with loungers that were never full. It would be more sensible and give a more spacious feel to have fewer loungers out on the beach. Service of drinks and food at and around the beach and pool was fine. A walk along this stretch of beach is still a pleasure, the sea is warm and clear and the beach is soft white sand. Despite the other hotels nearby the beach never felt crowded as we strolled along it. I'm afraid it's really hard to recommend the Hilton over other hotels in the area, where you'll find better service and facilities and you'll be further away from the building work. Without doubt you should fully investigate availability at other Jumeirah hotels before choosing this one. But there may be a bargain to be had if rates start to fall.	
Feb 24 2005	Great!	Having been warned regarding significant construction work in immediate vicinity, we had some trepidation about what to expect. Despite the incredibile amount of building work, this in no way interfered with our stay at the hotel which we thoroughly enjoyed. The hotel is excellent and not as pretentious as some, quality of service could not be faulted and restaurants offered good choice at realistic prices. The only downside of the construction is the additional traffic problems it creates. We would most definitly return.	
Feb 23 2005	Better then the Sheraton or Oasis Beach	The Hilton is not as business traveller orientated as the Sheraton and the decor is less tacky then the Oasis Beach, both of which are also on Jumeriah Beach, out of the 3 I have stayed in, this is the best so far.Stayed at this hotel on 19th Feb for 2 nights. As others have mentioned there is a lot of construction going on directly in front of the hotel entrance, but it does not affect your stay. The noise is minimal and you hardly notice it when you are by the pool or on the beach.We arrived very early, well before check in time, but they provide an early arrivals service, where you can use the health club to get showered and changed, allowing you to have breakfast or lie by the pool until check in, and they will come and find you to tell you when the room is ready, which for me was 2 hours before official check in time. You can also continue to use the facilities if you have a late flight and need to check out.The rooms are a good size and in excellent condition, containing everything you need, although the bathroom is not the biggest. Nice sea view from the balcony, excellent facilities (heated pool, great restaurants etc) and very friendly staff. They also have complimentary shuttle busses into the souks and city centre which will save you the taxi fare (which isn't much anyway).Would recommend this hotel.	
Feb 21 2005 	Aufwiedersen Pet - Dubai!!	This was our third trip to Dubai and we knew exactly what we were letting ourselves in for when booking the Hilton Jumeirah Beach from the 12 -18 Feb 2005.Yes - the Hotel is in the middle of a building site. However, we purposely booked this Hotel as we have a vested interest in new property being built on Dubai Marina - just around the corner from the Hotel. For us it was heaven and an ideal location, but we certainly would not recommend this location to you if you want peace and quiet. There are far better hotels like the Jumeirah Beach and Mina A Salam that offer a far higher level of service, stunning rooms, an excellent location without the building sites, dust and noise.We had a family suite on the 9th floor with two balconies. Both balconies overlooked the construction workers accommodation and the vast Jumeirah Beach Residence complex being built. This was on the non swimming pool side of the hotel. The noise is noticeable and it is 24/7. I found it fascinating - to see so many construction workers actually working day and night non stop. The building noise is also audible at poolside. The beach is the best place to avoid the noise if you want peace and quiet.Having said that, the staff on the whole were very professional and friendly with a good standard of customer service. Only one blip - we waited over half an hour for drinks in the Axis Bar !!So be warned - there are far better hotels in better locations that can be classed as true five stars. I'm afraid to say that The Hilton is not of the same five star standard as the two hotels mentioned above. The photos from a previous review paints a true picture of whats going on around the Hotel at the moment. Expect this to last for the next 12-18months as a minimum.	
Feb 13 2005	Excellent Hotel - Great Holiday	Stayed at the Hilton Jumeirah 7th/feb/05-13/feb/05, executive king suite. Before giving a review of the hotel i will mention that the surrounding construction did not affect our holiday. The noise is minor, hardly noticeable and you can quite happily sit on your balcony without disturbance.  The suite was spacious, very comfortable, with many hilton branded amenities (bath oils, shaving set, toothpaste set, shampoo, conditioner etc.) Also contained cd player, expresso maker, kettle, iron, huge minibar fridge, safe and 2 balconies. If you can afford to then splash out on these executive suites....why? Well these are located on the high floors with an excellent view of the coast and burj (if pool facing.) You also have access to the executive lounge for buffet breakfast, lunch/afternoon tea and pre dinner drinks and snacks (plus extras such as complimentary clothing press.) There is also a dedicated concierge to your needs located on the 9th floor. Pool heated with nice bar for cocktails. One thing we found - the pool does not get much sun during the day - better off at the beach. Both pool and beach have waitered service for drinks and snacks. Towels provided one per guest each day for use at pool or private beach. Pachanga restaurant is a must (argentinian/brazilian/mexican food with live performances.) BiCE restaurant also worth trying. Surrounding hotels are the Meridian beach resort, ritz carlton, oasis beach and sheraton. Taxis dirt cheap so venture out into the city without worry. Worth it! 	
Feb 12 2005	Fantastic service great Hotel sad to leave	Just arrived home from a fantastic trip to Dubai.  After reading some of the reviews I did think of booking into a different Hotel however we try and stay with Hiltons wherever we go for the Hilton Honour points. I couldn't beleive my eyes at the sheer building work going on 24 hours a day around the Hotel but as some reviews have already stated you don't seem to notice it after a while. We stayed at one of their panoramic rooms I think that 801, 701,601 are these suites. Room 801 we had two massive bathrooms with walk in showers that you could easily of fitted about 8 people in, the bath was a huge jacuzzi bath, we had our own kitchen. there were televisions in the massive lounge and bedroom. The views were breathtaking from the balconies and room 801 has three to choose. Fantastic dining table dresser etc. Cleaned to a very high standard, turn down service etc Swimming pool was great and there were plenty of lounges available all through the day.  Exceutive lounge was nice and the breakfast served there was of a very high standard.  Hotel restaurants are excellent and especially enjoyed the Italian Bice restaurant and Pachangas. Staff are really friendly and welcoming.  It was a very special anniversary and Birthday holiday and the staff made us feel very special indeed. One important thing about staying in Dubai though is make sure that If you like alcohol that there are no public holidays planned because alcohol will not be served unless it is to the hotel room. 	
Jan 24 2005	Nice but not 5 stars	Excellent service and staff. However, rooms (single and double) only have bathtub showers, something I wouldn't expect at those rates. You can get a fast internet connection (faster than ISDN but slower than broadband / DSL) at your room at AED 80 per day or AED 400 per week. Simply plug the supplied LAN cable into your network socket. However, some ports are blocked via this connection, namely FTP and SMTP. While I was able to receive mail, I couldn't send it from my mail client, instead I had to resort to my webmailer. Bear in mind that with the current construction work (24/7) at Jumeirah Beach Residence going on the place can be very loud at times so sitting on the balcony isn't very relaxing at least for the time being. If you want a view of the palm from the hotel you'll need a room to the north (odd room numbers).The hotel offers complimentary shuttle buses to locations in Dubai every few hours, a nice service that saves on your taxi bills (ride to airport or Deira City Centre is AED 60-70). Some advice if you're plannning to buy into property in Dubai, especially with regard to villas and town houses: Make sure with the owner or real estate agent that you not only buy the house but also the ground it stands on.	
Jan 23 2005	Continues to be a great hotel		
Jan 22 2005	Never Again!		
Jan 13 2005	The Excellent Hilton Dubai		
Dec 3 2004	Great hotel ongoing construction nearby		
Nov 13 2004	In a league of its own		
Nov 1 2004	Hilton Building Site		
Oct 28 2004	Fantastic hotel. Great staff. Just wonderful!!		
Sep 30 2004	Hilton		
Sep 26 2004	Nice hotel shame about the children		
Sep 7 2004	Hilton Jumeriah Beach		
Nov 16 2009 	Fonctionnel		
Oct 13 2009 	bellissimo		
Oct 6 2009 	excelent sejour retournerai avec plaisir		
Aug 25 2009 	Ottima la posizione cari i ristoranti		
Aug 16 2009 	???????		
Jul 17 2009	magnifique		
Jun 1 2009 	Mediocre		
May 2 2009	Schönes Hotel in sehr guter Lage		
Apr 10 2009	Traumhaftes Strandhotel! Hier stimmt alles.		
Mar 25 2009 	Buono....logicamente c'è di meglio..		
Mar 19 2009 	excellent		
Feb 18 2009 	?????????????????		
Oct 17 2008 	???????????????????		
Jul 28 2008 	Schönes Hilton!!!		
Apr 6 2008 	Perfetto		
Feb 9 2008 	Quel chantier!		
Aug 24 2007 	Più coccolati di così si muore!!!		
Sep 10 2006	excellent envi de revenir		
