	decent	peaceful location near dubai knowledge village and internet city. Ample car parking and decent price of 100 dollars for a room for 2. could be attractive if priced around 75 dollars. breakfast was simple and not too many choices. ample car parking is available and located minutes from the new dubai area of marina, jumeirah beach residence, mall of emirates etc..the access to the hotel could be difficult except by cab or car as it is not in the heart of the city.would stay again if similar price or better deals!	
Nov 24 2009 	Great decent-priced hotel in Internet City area next to Dubai Knowledge Village.	I paid ~$150/night, as part of a regular trip I make to Dubai to teach for Gulf Photo Plus. We are put up in the Holiday Inn each year, and this hotel has made me a fan.If you have business in the Dubai Knowledge Village, you could hardly do better than this hotel for the money.They have a shuttle that runs to DXB airport, or you can grab a cab pretty cheaply.Rooms are very nice -- clean, simple, etc. Internet is a weak link -- expensive and not fast. But you can get it free next door in the cafe court of DKV. Just punch in any properly formatted phone number gleaned from any nearby flyer and you are in.Breakfast is a mix of western and middle eastern. The little chocolate croissants will add to your caloric intake for your entire stay. (If you want to make a cold cut sandwich at breakfast, ask for condiments from behind the counter -- they have them.)The Vista Bar atop the hotel is where to go -- sheesha, beers, and a fantastic view on the balmy nights. We closed the place most nights during the week-long events.Cabs are cheap to anywhere (hey, gas is only a dollar a gallon) but you can get good food at the cafe court in DKV, across the parking lot behind the hotel. The indian place is very good, BTW. But lots of typical fast food options, too.Very serviceable hotel, and will make your stay near DKV worry-free. Recommended.	
Oct 12 2009 	Great for a short stopover	.We stopped in Dubai for a couple of nights on our way to Italy. Taxi drivers had trouble finding the place sometimes but all in all better than expected. Its a budget hotel and a good price for a good location. They also offered a free shuttle to the Mall of the Emirates.	
Jun 17 2009 	Vista the restaurant is a hidden gem	I'm a Dubai-based journalist. I've never stayed at the hotel so can't comment on the rooms, but I visited Vista to do a review and feel obliged to shout from the rooftops how great it was. I have to say I wasn't expecting much - this is a Holiday Inn Express for God's sake - but the food was genuinely delicious and the staff were unfailingly polite and helpful.In a city where many restaurants charge half a month's wages for a bottle of water and the food is ok but not great, Vista really stood out as somewhere charging reasonable prices for good grub. Furthermore, the decor was stylish and the views of the Burj Al Arab, if outside temperatures will allow you to check them out, are superb.	
May 25 2009 	when on a string ... it's fine	Stayed 3 nights at Holiday Inn Express. Usually stay at more upscale places (4 star and up) but client booked this one for me so there was no discussion. Overall, I can't say it was a bad experience. Lobby is large and clean with accommodating staff, although their English is mediocre. Rooms are small but tidy and bathroom is as big as many of the more upscale and expensive places; water pressure in shower was good too. No noise issues as often happens in other Dubai hotels (thin walls &amp; loud guests). Choice at breakfast is limited, but the quality is quite okay. Gym is tiny and a few of the machines were not working (under repair). Taxi drivers know the place, so no need to wait for hours and hours for a ride. In short, this hotel is fine if you're on a budget in Dubai.	
May 24 2009 	wouldnt rate highly	ok, stay, should rename to budget rather than express. Room ok, breakfast limited, reasonable expensive but hey its the middle east.	
May 16 2009 	Good value for money	A good hotel to a reasonable price for a business trip when you need somewhere to sleep and a breakfast in the morning. Clean and nice rooms and have everything you need but not more. The included breakfast buffet is not so varied with a basic assortment of bread and become a little bit boring after some days. If you don’t want to eat your dinner at the quite costly hotel restaurant I will recommend you visit the University food court only five minutes walk from the hotel. I recommend you to not use the hotels own taxi service because you will pay nearly the double price compared with the “normal” taxis. As sum up this is a good basic hotel for your stay in Dubai if you don’t have really high expectations of personal service.	
May 3 2009 	Nice Hotel	We needed to attend the book fair at Abu Dhabi and also had appointments in Dubai. This is almost at the edge of Dubai towards Abu Dhabi so the hotel suited us fine. Always missed the traffic. Very convenient if you are renting. Free parking. Very clean. Nice breakfast. Really enjoyed my stay.	
Apr 24 2009 	Sightseeing Holiday	As a base this hotel met all our requirements. The staff were very helpful and pleasant and always greeted you with a smile and hello. The location was excellent for getting anywhere you wanted to go, the taxis are very cheap. We had excellent accommodation and washing facilities and the breakfast was lovely, cold buffet, good selection of foods.I would highly recommend using one of these hotels for this type of holiday, it offers everything you need, good value all round and I would not hesitate to use it again. Also it benefitted from having an excellent restaurant called the Vista next to it, I had some of the best food there and I have eaten in many of the Restaurants in Dubai, put it on your list of must dos.	
Apr 13 2009 	2 star hotel - 5 star service	Always stay at this hotel when I am in Dubai. Management and staff are friendly,efficient and attentive without being sycophantic. (Big problem in this part of the world.) The rooms are large,always immaculate in regards to cleanliness and the housekeeping staff provide the same standard of service as their counterparts &quot;downstairs.&quot;I wouldn't want to stay anywhere else when I am in Dubai.	
Apr 11 2009 	So cool enough to visit more and more	A Five stars service from all hotel staff and managers. I have worked in many parts of the world and stayed in some serious hotels but nothing compares with the relaxed atmosphere in this hotel.	
Apr 10 2009 	the worst hotel in the world"	I've stayed in luxurious five star hotels and I've stayed in $2 a night budget hotels with more soul than a five star, but this $160 a night hotel tops my list as the worst hotel in the world.I will spare you the minute details of the hairs in the shower cubicle from a previous customer or the fact that there was no soap in the bathroom. I won't mention that the snack bar was empty and yet the fridge was switched on running on wasted energy.But what I will tell you is they don't give a damn. They simply do not care. I stayed in room 459. I was in Dubai for business. The first night I developed a really bad headache verging on a migraine. And when I asked reception if they could provide me with some aspirin they said they did not stock aspirin. They said I would need to go out and get it myself. Fine I thought to myself I'll go up to my room and hopefully after a nap I'll be fine to go and get some aspirin myself. But then as the night continued, the headache developed into a full blown migraine. I called room service and again asked if they could provide me with some aspirin. The woman on the other end of the phone said she would see what she could do, but I never heard back.So a little later as I was verging on delirium and half thinking my brains were going to blow out, I called them again and pleaded if they could at least drop off a bottle of water. That after I'd again heard the robotic reply that they do not have room service. Now please can someone tell me which hotel does not have room service in this day and age? Yes I buy the fact it's at the lower end of the market, but it is still a fully fledged hotel and the rates they charge are not exactly humble. Around $160 a night is still a reasonable price and you can expect a minimum level of service for that amount. It wasn’t a request for a club sandwich with fries exactly. All I wanted was some consideration for my situation.Finally a security man arrived with a small bottle of water. Obviously they never bothered to check how I was doing and I never got the requested aspirin either. So I just lay there in the dark and I took the empty ice bucket out of the fridge and put it on my forehead so that I could cool it off in desperation. Necessity is the mother of invention after all. As I lay there in the dark trying to survive the night, I finally fell asleep. But I awoke several times in the night in agony thinking the darkest thoughts. And you won't believe it, they also wanted to charge me for that bottle of water!To cut a long story short after checking out I also discovered my spectacles were missing. So I called their lost and found department the next day and it took several phone calls from my UK mobile phone to realise I was getting nowhere. A promise of an email reply with the whereabouts of my lost glasses was also just a meaningless empty promise. I say it again they just don't care.Finally I resorted to old fashioned tactics. A friend kindly drove me all the way back o the hotel where I thought my personal presence might make a difference. After several conversations and waiting around in the lobby and me explaining I was in a hurry, I certainly didn't want to spend my last few hours in Dubai at the Holiday Inn Express, I finally spoke to the lost and found supervisor, but unsurprisingly he could not locate my glasses. He said they were never found. He said they had checked with the person who had made up my room after my departure and they were not there even though I'd specified that I’d left them on the pillow. So they had either been stolen or just disposed of. I admit the glasses were quite old and not exactly attractive people likened them to the Ugly Betty glasses, but they were of value to me and they were mine. So where did they end up? I ask the Holiday Inn Express why would they have just disappeared? Obviously they were not a tip. So exuse my repetition. They simply do not care.	
Apr 7 2009 	Eh it was ok.	Considering I spent only about $150 per night, I wasn't expecting much. Yes, the hotel is a little out of the way but I found that most of the city is spread out as it is. There were usually taxis available in front and if not, the bellhop would get one to pick up quickly. I was annoyed by the internet fees, especially because the connection was fairly slow. All in all, it was just an average hotel in an awesome city. Next time, I will probably stay closer to city center.	
Apr 7 2009 	a great place to stay	I don't normally review hotels but as I stayed at the Holiday Inn at exactly the same time as the previous reviewer I thought I'd just add that I found the staff helpful and considerate, my shower worked fine, the bed was comfortable, and the hotel was ideally placed for the event I was attending. As for the internet: yes, it was expensive, by UK standards at least, but it worked and was reliable. I should also add that I stayed here last year, would stay here again, and have no issues in recommending this hotel to anyone else.	
Feb 8 2009 	Wonderful Stay	I have stayed in express by Holiday inn Internet City early Jan 2009 and one of the nicest simple standard rooms. The hotel atmosphere from the check-in until check out was great. It is really wonderful management to keep the place warm; friendly and very peaceful atmosphere.	
Jan 6 2009 	too good to be an Express	i stayed there several times and all have been great. the rooms are very clean and front desk are friendly and helpfull. however, i could'nt underatand the big change in rate...Dec'07 i stayed for $100 while in Dec'07 it was above $275 !location is great if you want to get away from Dubai traffic. many attraction points are close by not to mention the nearby petrol station which has a nice mini market and a fast food place.highly recommended.	
Jan 4 2009 	Holiday Inn - Could be a 5* Hotel!	The Holiday Inn in Internet City is a hidden gem of Dubai. It's a great location for the Marina and the newly opened Walk by JBR. Mall of the Emirates is only 10 minutes dive away also. The rooms are well above the normal Holiday Inn rooms and the walk in shower is fab! The desk is large enough to comfortably work - and the tv is in a new plasma format. The staff are all friendly and willing to help out, considering how expensive the hotels in Dubai are – for a clean and comfortable base I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend it.	
Jan 2 2009 	Good hotel for business in Internet City or Jebel Ali	Holyday Inn Internet City is ideal hotel for short business stay, if you have to work in Internet City of Jebel Ali. Far from City center, it is surely not good location to discover Dubai. There should be no good nor bad surprise, but service as often in Dubai can be erratic, rate is average and transfer from airport can take time and will increase the bill. As limousines are late, taxi will be best solution from DXB. Rooms are too dark for my taste, not that large but ok to sleep 2-3 days, restaurant not cheap, but you have no real choice.	
Dec 3 2008 	A Holiday Inn Express Experience	I arrived at this hotel less than a week ago, and I'm booked in until the end of December 2008.The staff are all very friendly, courteous and helpful. Nothing is too much trouble.The rooms are standard decor, with comfortable beds, a decent desk/workstation area, and a very soothing power shower.Breakfast is slightly disappointing (probably because I'm booked in here for so long - the same limited choice for so many days!!!). There's a choice of breads, cereals, yoghurts, cheese, cold meat, and fresh fruit, plus juices and hot drinks (when the coffee machine hasn't broken down).The hotel is not in the best of locations, and it is sometimes difficult to get a taxi, even if you ask reception or security to call you one (I waited for 45 minutes today, then gave up).My biggest gripe is the internet access and the way it is charged. I bought 24 hours access - logged on and sent a couple of emails, then logged off the internet, all as per the compulsory pop-up box. I went to the bar for a couple of drinks before returning to my room. When I logged back on, the &quot;meter&quot; advised that I had only 21 hours and 45 minutes left, even though I'd only been on for 15 minutes earlier that evening. What is the point of having a button that says &quot;Log off the internet&quot; if, in fact, it does not stop the clock from counting down?? Come on guys, you must be able to offer your customers a better deal than this.I'd welcome the opportunity to discuss this face to face with Mark (the General Manager).	
Nov 23 2008 	nothing good except Vista	Unless your company is in Internet City; please do not stay here. you will be disappointed especially if you have stayed in other hotels closer to Dubai. Its an overpriced USA Best Western experience.I stayed in Feb 2008 and again in Nov. 2008. It was bad in February and just as bad in November. The front desk service is barely acceptable, but atleast polite. Its quite difficult for your driver to find the front entrance due to lack of signage. No irons in the room and it takes forever to get one when you call and ask. The rooms are small and the beds are hard. The location is terrible unless your company happens to be in Internet City also. Ironically, in Internet City; the internet connection is so slow - maybe like a fast dial-up connection. The free continental breakfast is quite limited. Croissants, 1-2 types of fruit, 2 cereals, yogurt and coffee/juice.The only good thing about the hotel is the Vista restaurant which has ok food, good service and a great view of Burj Al Arab. dine outside at night and bring a good camera with atleast a 300mm zoom lens.Probably the most frustrating thing as a business traveler is that they charge your credit card at check-in and then charge the difference at check-out. So you have two transactions on your CC - neither of which match up to the receipt you submit with your expense report.The worst thing is the location. there is nothing to do out there. no place else to eat at night except Vista without taking a car. Without any traffic, its at best 35 minutes from the airport	
Oct 26 2008 	Bad location	The was clean and new. But the bad thing was the location. The hotel is located deep inside Dubai Internet City and it was confusing to drive to the hotel. The hotel's breakfast was basic. There were no close restaurants or even grocery stores!! The closest place where you could find restaurants or stores is the Emirates Mall which took me more than 10 minutes reach there. Then, you would need to find an empty parking spot and go all over the mall for the food court or the Hypermarket. I think this hotel will give you good value for money if you are sleeping there only and you will leave the hotel in the morning and not come back till late at night.	
Oct 16 2008 	[-] over priced	This is the worst hotel I have everstayed at. The shower is luke warm, the breakfast is terrible and their is no service. In fact when I complained they remarked we are a 3 star hotel not at 5 star. I have stayed their two times (because it is close to my office) one time it was $ 100 per night and the other it was $250 per night. Well it is over priced at $100. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!	
Aug 27 2008 	Superb value and good location	If you want a consistently high level of cleanliness and comfort at a very reasonable rate (especially for Dubai) you will be hard pressed to find a hotel in Jumeriah that will beat this one.Only a few minutes taxi ride from Souq Madinat, The Palm, Jumeriah Beach, Buddha Bar, Barasti Bar and numerous over top quality hotels and restaurants.Before I moved back to Dubai I used this hotel a lot and was never disappointed, also has a good bar which serves good food and has a great view from the veranda.Take it from me I live here!!	
Jun 22 2008 	Good Business Hotel	I caused complete confusion at the front desk by booking by phone so I arrived one day earlier than my on-line booking. Hotel itself was fine - clean and quiet. Staff were mostly helpful. I liked the rooftop bar/restaurant (accessible by separate elevator) more than the hotel restaurant, which was not well suited to a diabetic vegetarian...	
May 16 2008 	Middle of Nowhere Bad Internet Service	First trip to Dubai, and as work was in the &quot;Knowledge Village&quot; area of Internet City, Dubai I selected this Holiday Inn Express. Long time Intercontinental Hotel member, so that usually works to my advantage.Hotel only eight months old, so clean and nice design.As a business traveller I am reliant on broadband access at hotels, and for a place called &quot;internet City&quot; this hotel was pitiful, especially when being charged AED100 per day! Manager admitted that they new the speeds were inadequate (only 1MB connection for entire hotel) and suggested an upgrade was in process - to 2MB. As DSL users routinely have 10MB+ connections at home, you can see how poor a connection shared across the whole hotel can be.And I've always liked Holiday Inn's Express brand for the great HOT breakfast they advertise. No such luck here, cold cuts and rolls - typical German Fruhstuck and nothing like Holiday Inn's ads.Third point, NOTHING is walking distance. Not a shop, not a restaurant, not NOTHING. Taxis are cheap in Dubai but many have trouble finding this new hotel in an area far from the city.	
May 7 2008 	Not luxury but clean new and modern	This hotel was built a year ago and looks just like the ones we find in North America. It has an excellent restaurant, a decent cafe and bar.The rooms are large, spotless, nicely furnished.It's not luxurious like some other Dubai hotels; seems to target the business traveler on a budget. Not cheap, but nothing is in Dubai. It's a ten minute taxi ride to the Souk Madinat (very interesting), the incredible Burj al Arab hotel, the marina, a water park (Wadi), the Emirates Mall (with indoor skiing) etc. About a half hour from the airport and from the old part of the city like the Creek and the Souks (less if traffic is light).I stayed for a week (while teaching photography at Knowledge Village next door) as did 20 others in our group. We agreed it was preferable to the Tulip Inn (nearby ... where the group stayed in 2007).The staff were helpful, although service in the bar was a bit slow during busy periods (understaffed).Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone not seeking a fabulous Arabian experience or luxury. (If you ARE, check out the Bab al Shams resort in the desert; we did not stay there but did visit friends who were.) Peter www.peterkburian.com	
Feb 13 2008	better than any Holiday Inn Express in the states	This hotel is brand new, and quite nice looking. The only issue I had with the accommodations was the shower handle falling off and the shower draining very slowly. Both issues were promptly resolved after talking to the front desk. The complimentary breakfast is amazing. It is about a 15 to 20 minute drive from central Dubai, but given the price I found it worthwhile to stay here.	
Jan 31 2008 	Gets better and better	I first stayed at this hotel in October and did rate the stay as very good. However I have recently returned to what I can only describe as first class lodging with exceptional service.The reception desk staff was extremly helpful and polite and even offered to take my luggage up when they they not provide such service at the express.Rooms are still well kept, well stocked and very clean. The highlight of the stay was dinner at the new restaurant on the roof that was not open when I first visited.The view from Vista is breath taking and the food and service can compare to the best resturants in towm minus the high prices. Well done the Express and I look forward to my next stay.Charles	
Jan 27 2008 	Great New Hotel Near the Marina	This new hotel in the Knowledge Village area of Dubai, close to the new Dubai Marina and Emirates Mall is a great value close to many new attractions. The service is not the same as the top five star hotels but it is very friendly and efficient. The lobby is very modern and large with wireless internet access available. The rooms are not huge but large enough to have a bed and small sofa. Wired high speed internet in the rooms fo 100AED a day.Breakfast is included with all rooms but don't expect a grand buffett. There are only cold items with coffee and juices. There is a surprisingly nice restaurant on the top floor which is not affiliated with the hotel. The food there was really nicely prepared and the service was great. Not very pricey either. You can't beat the view of the marina area from up there - especially when you go out on the deck and have some shisha.The restaurant in the hotel lobby serves lunch and dinner but, still has service issues to work out. They were very understaffed the one time I ate there and it took forever to get a simple sandwich. Free parking in the underground garage was very helpful since having a car made it this location a lot easier. It is not right on a main street so taxis are not always available immediately.Overall, this hotel is a good choice for someone looking for a nice but, not so expensive place in the Marina side of town.	
Jan 10 2008 	Fantastic hotel	I am a regular business traveller, I have stayed there from January 2nd till January 10th hotel is fantastic, one of the best Holiday Inn Express I have ever stay.This hotel has assembled a wonderful team: from Reception, management to restaurant wait staff - I was delighted by the friendliness and &quot;extra mile&quot; helpfulness of all the staff, always smiley faces!. Incredible staff - always available and extremely helpful.The in-room high speed internet is quite good and reasonably priced, wifi in the lobby (cheap taxi ride to the beach, shopping malls like Emirates mall and Ibn Batuta mall)The hotel was spotless, very reasonable prices, located in the TECOM area whereas Media city, Internet city and Knowledge village. they have a fabulous restaurant on the roof top I think it’s called Vista with an excellent panoramic view overlook the Burj Alarab and Palm Jumeirah, serves great food the best fillet steak, I have tried shisha on the terrace it is fantastic Value for money I would stay here again, highly recommended for business travelers.	
Jan 2 2008	Brand New but COLD Water	If you like cold showers this is the place for you. We called maintenance and they tracked dirt through the room to &quot;fix&quot; the problem. But the problem was NOT fixed. Only staying one night so I asked for a small discount to compensate my problem. The clerked grinned and said sorry.Great view of the Burj al Arab nearby though. Relatively close to the Hard Rock Cafe too.Never again will I stay here.	
Dec 12 2007 	A bad experience	There are lot of problems faced in there for the two dat stay. and follwing are the main grivences:As per the documents they said they have iron box but asked twice at reception and the receptinist also agreed to send the iron box...but never delivered to the room.As per the booking i was offered the late check out but at the time of check -in the recptinist refused.you have car it is ok, otherwise save some money for taxis. They have a small shop for essentials...but price is exhorbitent. There's continental breakfast included in the room rate I was afraid it will be too simple - only toast and jam And some of the staff attitude is really not hospitable at all.	
Nov 12 2007 	Nice one	Nice new hotel in Knowledge village, near to Ibn Battuta Mall and Marina somehow Burj Al Arab and Mall of Emirates, far from Deira. If you have car it is ok, otherwise save some money for taxis. The room is nice i only missed more closets. There's continental breakfast included in the room rate I was afraid it will be too simple but there was quitte a choice its not only toast and jam but if u like to spoil yourself with scrambled eggs and warm sausages don't count on it. Cleaning of room seemed to be bit slow sometimes they reached room after 3pm maybe there wasn't enough stuff on the floor. But i can reccomend to stay here if your are looking for nice and not too expensive hotel.	
Oct 20 2007 	Excellent value for money	As a frequent traveller to Dubai, it is extremly refreshing to be able to stay at a hotel offering value for money.I recently spent 3 nights during Eid at the Express at the excellent rate of USD 120 all inclusive.Beleive it or not with breakfast.The hotel is brand new and is sparkling clean. Location is good for the beach and Emirates Mall.Staff are friendly and drinks are resonably priced.I strongly recommend this hotel for those on a limited budget.I hope Dubai will offer more quality hotels at good value.	
Aug 28 2007 	Warning	This hotel is brand new and ideal for anybody doing business in new Dubai or Internet City . There is a hotel shuttle bus that is supposed to pick up from the airport every hour but please beware that it is disguised as an AVIS car hire bus . We gave up waiting for it when we arrived and caught a taxi ( cost 90 dhms) . When I saw the bus the next day I realised why we had missed it as it had a great big AVIS sign plastered on the side so we took it to be a car rental pick up bus when we saw it at the airport . There is a tiny holiday inn sign at the front of the bus that you might spot if you have a keen eye .There are no shops or sights nearby so you need to get a taxi everywhere. The mall of the Emirates is about a ten minute taxi ride . There is a shuttle bus that runs to Jumeriah Beach Park at 10 every morning , we used this and then got a taxi into town . Might be worth hiring a car if you are staying so you do as you please . If not you will have to take a taxi everywhere .Hotel is spotless , it's just not for tourists .	
Sep 1 2009 	excellent hotel économique		
Jul 6 2008 	Hôtel propre fonctionnel top resto en haut		
Mar 29 2008 	Ottima esperienza Holiday Inn Express Dubai - Media City		
Mar 1 2008 	Bello...		
