Nov 3 2009 	What is wrong with you people	We stayed here en-route home from Oz and we cannot see what people are complaining about (they must usually stay at Buckingham palace!!) Agreed this hotel is a little out of the way (very near to Burg Dubai tower) but they have a shuttle bus and its' free. The hotel is clean and the staff very friendly/helpful. The restaurants are excellent&gt; the downside is very expensive wine @£35 a bottle &amp; beer @ £7 pint !! there are indeed a few 'ladies of the night' later on in the Rattlesnake but they won't bother you. I could understand Americans whingeing about the standard of this hotel as they moan all the time but otherwise get a grip!	
Oct 20 2009 	Do Not Stay Here	My parnter and I stayed here on the way home from the Maldives, we spent 4 nights in this hotel. First impressions are poor, bad smell, very old decor and shabby furniture. I am not really one to complain but this deserves it. Honestly, if you can avoid this hotel, then do so.We were told we were getting a twin room although we booked a double. We argues that we wanted what we had booked. We then got a double room, the rooms are very dated and our room had an awful bad smell of dampness/mould. The carpet in our room was soaking wet as there was a leak from the bathroom. We complained at reception and we returned to an industrial hair dryer blowing the carpet dry, as you can imagin the smell was horrendous. We requested to move rooms. it took them almost 48hrs to do this. The second room was still horrible but at least it wasnt damp.The pool area is horrendous and very dated. no wonder they offer a bus service to the habtoor grand. i wouldnt sunbathe here.Restaurants are poor, again very dated. the whole place requires a facelift.I now wish we had stayed the extra days in the Maldives instead of going to Dubai. Do not stay here. its just a horrible place. I honestly dont really complain about hotels but this was just awful.Sorry if you have already booked it.	
Oct 10 2009 	Not A Dubai standard four star hotel	Unfortunately this is the worst hotel I stayed at in Dubai, I mean worst four star hotel depending on Dubai standards and I would even say it’s a three star hotel internationally First of all I booked through their website a executive room for two nights, then at check in the receptionist said that he has to strait away charge my two night plus a deposit of 1000AED FOR THE MINI BAR which was kind of weird to me as usually the customer get charged at the end of his stay anyway as I was on my way to my room I thought I would pop in the lounge for a drink, then I was confronted by the lounge in charge and he said I was not entitled to have complementary drinks as I was upgraded to the room unfortunately the reception did not have their facts correct and the lounge person was misinformed, (this is called bad hotel management and communication) which later on he admitted that he was wrong, but that did not change my mood.Then when I got to my room it was a very small room which looked to me as a standard room and not executive room as what I paid for.The bathroom is also too small and out dated.I know this hotel is around 25 years old if not more but if you want to claim that you are offering a four star hotel on the market and you charge as a five star then at least offer the services. NEVER AGAIN FOR ME I WOULD RATHER STAY IN AND INTERNATIONAL KNOWN HOTEL THEN THIS SLEAZY SO CALLED FOUR STAR HOTEL.	
Oct 9 2009 	Decent Hotel For the Price	This hotel is a little out of the way if you want to be on the beach or in the city centre, however, there are numerous taxi's that will ferry you back and forwards to wherever you need to go at reasonable prices.The hotel itself is a little dated for Dubai standards but its clean and tidy. Staff were extremely friendly and always at hand.There are 6 restaurants in this hotel and whilst there we tried 4. I wasn't expecting much from them, however, I was surprised because each one was excellent. They are worth staying in the hotel for.I've stayed in better hotels but not at that price. I would go back.	
Sep 29 2009 	Don't go as a couple	Just returned from Dubai trip and would advise that if your partner is an attractive lady you are better off elsewhere.Dubai ( as described by the taxi drivers) is acquiring a reputation as the prostititute capital of the world. I am sure that this was not the intention when towers started to fly up but I am afraid that the whole place is becoming a disaster.According to the Arabs, prostitution is illegal in Dubai but they appear totally happy for guests to bring 'visitors' up to their rooms at all hours of the night. It is amazing to see so many males who visit the hotels with girlfriends from Eastern Europe - unfortunately, the relationships seem to end after an hour or so and the cab drivers must have many unhappy women sobbing about their broken hearts at 2.30amThis hotel is next to a club that caters for these brief relationships so be aware that if you return to the hotel late at night with your attractive wife she is quite likely to be asked for ID - a lovely end to an evening.If you are a couple - don't bother with this hotel. If you don't want a load of sad lonely men ogling your wife around the pool - don't bother with this hotel.In fact, don't bother about this hotel........and if you are the sad [--] who like this sort of thing - get a life...	
Sep 29 2009 	Great Hotel  staff very friendly.	Good hotel for a short break in the sun, not as nice or extravagant as some of the other hotels i have stayed at in jemeriah beach , but for the price of this hotel could not say anything bad about it , staff are so friendly , rooms clean and nice , breakfast good , free shuttle service to mall and beach great!	
Sep 25 2009 	Would not recommend	First mpression was a hotel that was tired shabby and poorly maintained. My room was very dated with wall paper peeling in places near the floor and an old plastic shower curtain. Water barely luke warm. Grounds and surroundings scruffy.Staff pleasant. Breakfast almost inedible but I did have a very pleasant buffet dinner that evening with good service.I arrived late in the evening and had prepaid which prevented me from leaving what I consider to be a barely 3+ hotel	
Jul 25 2009 	I would not return here	first of all this hotel took us some time to find. there are 3 hotels called metropolitan- u have to say metropolitan sheikh zayed road. the taxi driver spent ages phoning around to find the hotel. we ended up in all 3 hotels, and finally found it. the other 2 metropolitan palace and city when we arrived the staff were very rude, and unhelpful- i mean we had to get taxis each time with no hlep from any staff.!but thats the way dubai service is going. i have been here a fair few times and am noticing this. check in took ages!staff ignore you and are rude. when we arrived our room was given to someone else so we were given a room for 1 day and then the next day we had to clear the room and go to the room they had cooked for us! this was really annoying and time wasted. as we were hanging around packing and unpacking - so the first 2 days we dint go out and sight see much.buffet was nice . never found the gym as it seemed like we needed a map for this.!the room was tiny , untidy and i dint think it was a 4 star hotel more 3 *.the taxis- well they rip you off. they try and bundle you into these taxis thye have waiting outside-these cost like 4 times as much as the pale beige ones. so stick to the government taxis.but nothing seemed right here they even refused to take us back to the airport as 'no staff was available'.there is nothing around this hotel that is walkable distance.this hotel just needs to sort itself out.	
Jul 23 2009 	Enjoyed a Lot  staff was very friendly	Hotel excellent , very good with family or friends , staff very friendly and helpful ,enjoyed the stay .	
Jul 22 2009 	Taxi Con At the Metropolitan Hotel Sheikh Zhayid Road	This hotel will serve you needs adequately for business or pleasure. There is a free shuttle to and from the Mall of Emirates and the Dubai Mall. HOWEVER should you miss this there are taxi's outside. Be sure to get an ordinary taxi and not the HOTEL TAXI, which by a sheer chance doesn't seem to have a metre. This mode of transport adds at least 25% to your fare. A bit of hotel scam ! ! ! The explanation is that a BMW or Lexus don't have metre's. Yeh you smell BS ! ! Bed sheets were dirty and had to be replaced, but probably a one off as I've stayed here before.Other than that, the hotel provides a substantial buffet, has a good pool and adequate rooms service. Some of the staff seem surly, but are ALWAYS looking for tip ! ! !	
Jul 4 2009 	fab hotel	fab hotel gr8 service.i would not recommend this hotel for family but for business traviler and lads holiday this hotel is heven.	
Jun 23 2009 	Top Hotel	I went on holiday with the wife and stayed at the Metropolitan Hotel on Shekh Zayed Rd. We arrived early and were given our room at 9.30 am at no extra cost. We were also upgraded to Delux room at no extra cost.The room was brilliant and spacious cant really point a bad thing, the view was over looking the main busy road. we had windows shut and could not even hear the traffic day or night. (must be sound proof windows). We had room service to remove all alcohol from mini bar which they did without any problem as some hotel dont allow this. There is also a Quran and a pray mat available in room.the hotel does have a night club but luckly enough our room was on the front side of the building and could not hear a thing from this night clubThe area around this hotel there is nothing much happening but there are always taxi's available 24 hours around the clock ready to take you anywhere in dubai right outside the hotel front entrance. The hotel also offers a free shuttle 3 times a day to various locations and also a free airport shuttle (will need to book in advance for airport).Breakfast was brilliant (buffet). did not use the other restaurants as we were eating out. Pool area was ok and was at a reasonable size. Gym Equipment was old but ok.seperate Sauna \ steam room and jacuzzi's for men and women (this is a good thing for all those muslim women who cover up and are unable to use the pool area).overall Top Hotel and would definatley stay here again.	
Jun 19 2009 	A fading star	I have stayed at this hotel on 2 previous occasions ( it was the hotel we booked on our very first visit to Dubai some 6 years ago ) and I have in the past submitted a favourable review.However, this time our stay at this hotel will be the last !! The hotel is looking very tired &amp; old in comparison with other Dubai hotels. The facilities &amp; furnishings are in dire need of a facelift and the hotel grounds are scruffy &amp; untidy.Whilst the rooms are clean &amp; tidy they do not compare with most hotels in Dubai ( even those offering the same room rates).At check-in we were asked repeatedly to make a credit card deposit (not simply a card imprint ) which we were told would be credited back to our bank account 2 or 3 days AFTER checking out of the hotel !! When we refused - although we offered to pay cash for any incidentals - the reception clerk sent a staff member to empty the minibar in our room at 3 am when we had just arrived after a long flight and the telephone was blocked to outside calls.This made us feel that the hotel would not trust us to pay for any &quot;extras&quot; when we checked out. Consequently we did not use any of the hotel's restaurants and preferred to eat out in the evenings ( if you shop around there are some excellent &quot;meal deals&quot; which include drinks in other much better Dubai hotel restaurants).Avoid the hotel's Rattlesnake Nightclub if you are easily offended - this venue has a notorious reputation in Dubai as mentioned by previous reviewers.The Metropolitan's good points are the complimentary shuttles to/from the airport &amp; Emirates Mall and the room maids are very polite &amp; efficient.However, I am sad to say that the hotel in general has failed to move with the times and is being left way behind by the other hotels in Dubai, which now include many new budget brands such as Novotel, Ibis &amp; Holiday Inn, offering far better value for money.	
Jun 9 2009 	Old needs some updating	Arrived early Saturday morning with teenage daughter and husband room was given at 9am. Hotel needs alot of updating our room smelt of smoke all the time had to turn air con off as the smoke was coming into room. Plenty of ladies of the night knocking on my daughters room at 5am . View from room was a glass roof. We are due to go again to Dubai but we will not stay at this hotel	
Jun 2 2009 	Nothing wrong with this hotel at all!	Arrived slightly concerned about previous reviews I had read, but we needn't have worried, unless you are looking for 4/5* luxury this hotel is a very comfortable hotel, and we enjoyed our stay here. The one negative point I have is that it can sometimes get busy at the pool and depending what side of the pool you are on it can become shady in the afternoon. All in all a good hotel, would definately stay there again as I think it is good value for money. Oh and yes there are a lot of ladies of the night but unless you are coming in from a night out in the early hours of the morning, it wont affect you!	
May 23 2009 	3 Star Hotel at Most!	Not a 4 star hotel - 3 star at most. Well past its glory days. Old and decrepid. Stayed one night and then decided to leave. Much better and newer hotels in Dubai with nicer facilities. Rooms are old and worn, the rooms, the whole place smells stale and the restaurants are poor. Stay away!	
Apr 27 2009 	very good hotel	we arrived at the hotel at approx 8.30 but the check in time was not until 2 o'clock but we were given our room at 10 o'clock at no extra charge . the room was very nice although the bathroom was in need of alittle tlc but was ok , there was a safe in the room and a large flat screen tv , tea and coffee , arm chair ,sofa.the room was cleaned every day with out fail and during our stay we had fruit and bottled water left in our room. all the staff were excellent and very helpful.the pool and surrounding area was very clean but drinks from the pool bar were quite expensive (£6.00 for a small tin of fosters) breakfeast was buffet style and catered for all cooked / fruit / cereal ,the hotel was central for all shopping malls and attractions a must do trip is the desert safari and the big bus tourall in all a very good holiday and a great hotel	
Apr 24 2009 	Great for our needs	Arrived early morning about 9am,told we can use the lounge while we waited for the room which was ready for 12 noon.Nice room, spacious and good bathroom.Bed queen size and fairly comfy.Pool and spa area very nice,pool was warm and a bit salty (desalination water?).B/fast was included with our package and we found it good.It catered for all nationalities and had a couple of chefs on a egg station for your prefered way.Quite a few restaurants on site too but did not use and they were asking about £20 for main meals.Two cups of tea was £6 came with mini biscuits/cakes. Staff curteous on reception and the doormen and porters are fantastic.Ate out for dinner on the two nights we were there,once at the Medinat souk and the other at Dubai Mall,good value with cheap taxi fares.Onsite internet cafe,reasonable rate with a convienence store shop next to it and if you really do get bored theres a multi screen cinema onsite too.Turned out great for our needs and a complimentary shuttle bus to the airport to round off a pleasant stay.	
Apr 15 2009 	Mostly good - Improvement needed in some areas.	Booked through Thomas Cook &amp; flew with BA. Arrived at 6am due to flight and had booked previous night to cover this but had a bit of a frosty reception from a female member of staff, kind of the &quot;you should have arrived last night&quot; sort of attitude But either that or wait until 2pm for the room!Restaurants - Chinese &amp; Italian, can't fault them. Didn't go to the Indian, however, Red Lion and Rattlesnake we avoided due to atmosphere etc, just didn't feel right.Couldn't fault the rooms, cleaned exceptionally everyday, lovely swimming pool area, spacious rooms for price paid, well greeted at hotel everyday, had a problem with the TV and had an engineer sent up straight away and it was fixed. Got a few funny looks as unmarried, young british couple! All in all, a good hotel!	
Apr 12 2009	Hotel was perfect choice. rooms where clean staff very polite	Arrived here early morning had to wait for the room to be room was not quite ready. Went and had breakfast which catered for almost everyone. The room was very clean with onsuite clean towels and soaps which you would expect from 4* hotel. Staff where very polite and helpful. Visited the sister hotel to this ( recommend this visit) you have to pay to use their beach and pool their is a free bus every day to go &amp; return. The pool and amenities at the Metropolitan I couldn't fault. I will use this hotel again when iI visit Dubai	
Apr 1 2009 	Would never stay there again.	I am thankful that I knew other people staying at the hotel as wouldn't recommend it for a lone female traveller. Stayed there for an exhibition. Only advantage was its location for ths Trade Centre and free shuttle bus. Agree with other comments about the very strange and stale smell in the corridors and rooms. Ate in the Italian and Indian restaurants which weren't too bad but in the bars, even as a mixed group, the men were constantly harrassed by &quot;working girls&quot;. I feel the hotel really has to control this in some way as it is out of hand. Invited a client to the hotel for a drink and a meal and he was followed to his taxi afterwards by a group of them!	
Feb 18 2009 	Best service at Metropolitan Hotel Dubai	We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights last month and had a fantastic time. We were greeted by the doorman and welcomed to the hotel in a very friendly way. We have stayed here before and the staff were as usual very friendly and we were looked after very well. The room service was also very professional. The pool area is nice and not crowded. The variety of restaurants is great and satisfies pretty much every taste. Overall it is a great hotel with good service. high quality food and decent rooms.Would love to go back.	
Feb 9 2009 	Disappointing. No hot water. Strange smell. Bar full of working girls...	There was no hot water in my first room which had two singel beds instead of the double I booked.Then there was no hot water in my next room.And nobody at the front desk really cared. These rooms are TIRED. This hotel is OLD. And the Rattlesnake Bar is actually a brothel. I was there with a male colleague and it is the most bizarre thing for a Muslim country. A bar with literally, I exaggerate not, about 200 prostitutes of all nationalities plying their trade.Not for us. So we tried the Platinum Bar which looked promising. However, it is couples only so initially we couldn't get in.In short, poor value, bad hotel, faded glory. Stay in a newer hotel. This place was built in the Seventies and looks it.	
Jan 24 2009 	Good Hotel Not quite sure 4* though	returned earlier this week after staying at this hotel, 1st time to dubai, went with Virgin Holidays. Upon arrival into Dubai early in the morning, greeted by polite ground staff and private car transfer waiting for us. Arrived at the hotel, checked in but room not available until 2.00pm! We were able to leave the suitcases with reception and go to the health club to get showed and changed etc. then went for breakfast, Breakfast had good selection of pastries, egg station, fruits, meats &amp; cheeses + all the usual fried breakfast things. Good quality and plenty of it not overally hot some mornings though! We had a twin superior type room, again impressed &amp; very clean (good, hot powerfull shower as well) room was cleaned daily, beds turned back etc.We ate in the italian twice while we stayed, food very good &amp; fairly cheap. drinks v. expensive. Definatly recommend the Calzone (be warned though it is huge, i couldnt finish it all!) &amp; the lasange was lovelyGarden area outside the Red-Lion pleasent, again drinks expensive £6.00/ pint of stella!!Went to the Mall of the Emirates, impressived but nothing in comparison to the new 'Dubai Mall' this place is immense! went for two full afternoon/ into the evenings and we still didnt see everything. Great food court, loads of choice. We went to 'Charleys Sub's' on both occasions. Two large sandwiches, 2 chips &amp; 2 chips - £8.00! absolute bargin, makes Subway look very poor and very expensive Went on the 4x4 sand dunes excursion booked through out Virgin holidays rep, picked up at 3pm from hotel and dropped back just after 9.00pm. Dune's were fantastic as were shisha pipes, BBQ &amp; the belly dancer! Overall would definatly recommend Dubai, hotel is good. Bit tired in places so not quite sure 4*	
Jan 15 2009 	beware	beware this hotel is not as good as it seems,the new monorail runs twenty feet from the front door and right next to it the main road into dubai.the dinning room could not cope with more than twenty people and the food was poor,we ate in the american themed pub or we would have starved.the brochure picture shows a lovely front garden,this must have been about ten years ago because the monorail and motorway have taken it away.to access the swimming pool involved flights of steps like its a knockout,they offered to open the side entrance but it was blocked by construction vehicles.there is a major construction going on next door causing noise and dust.overall i would not go back,we paid extra and moved to the jebel ali resort and spa where we found heaven.dubai is a good holiday resort but beware do your home work first,i would give this hotel a miss unless you want a cheap base to explore from.	
Jan 9 2009 	Pleasent hotel for the price!	Stayed with 2 friends...room was upgraded at no additional cost....rooms are clean and comfortable, but don't go expecting 5* luxury.Location is ideal to access all areas of Dubai and I would def recommend hiring a car.Staff were polite, breakfast was great, there's something for everyone.Not too impressed with the 70 dhiram charge to go use the &quot;twinned&quot; Habtoor Grand so didn't pay it......found some much nicer hotels that didn't charge.....just go look for them.Overall an above average hotel which does what it says in the tin!	
Jan 9 2009 	Tired jaded 	I was in Dubai nearly 5 years previously and remember this hotel. They haven't done much with it since. Tried to email the hotel in advance but never received a reply. The room we were given was very musty and mustn't have been occupied in a long time. It was small enough for a twin and the bathroom was very small. The hotel is dated and needs refurbishment. The Red Lion bar is good for watching sports. I was in the Rattle Snake Club on my previous visit to Dubai and it hasn't changed a bit, I think they even have the same band ( which are very good! ). This hotel is definitely not worthy of a 4* rating and would only scrape a 3* rating in my opinion. I would avoid this hotel on my next visit to Dubai but might pop into the Rattle Snake Club for the band and the beer!	
Dec 4 2008 	Great value for money in Dubai	Second time at the Metropolitan Hotel and once again it was great value for money. We booked this time as a package holiday with Virgin Holidays. Room service is excellent and the staff are great with nothing a problem for them. There are also some great eating places on site. We used the Italian Don Corlioni twice also Al Safa and The Summer Place once never used any of the bars as my daughter is under 21. Did hear that some ladies of the night use the bars but never saw any. Breakfast is great with a masive choice and very good staff. The hotels location is great as it is between Dubai City and the marina so most thigs a near by. The hotel runs a mini bus to the Mall of the Emirates which is free to use and there are always taxis out side the hotel. We will be back	
Nov 24 2008 	Bargain!	Ok, so we may be 'common British tourists' but for what we paid (400 pounds each for 5 nights with Virgin) we were happy enough with what we got.The Metropolitan is one of the oldest hotels in Dubai and if you go expecting the Burj, you're going to be disappointed however the rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable and the staff extremely friendly and helpful. I can't say I noticed any prostitutes but we didn't venture into The Rattlesnake. The pool area is dated but clean. The Red Lion pub serves a good pint and shows live football and the bar meals there are good value for money.The hotel location, although adjacent to Dubai's equivalent to the M25, is ideal for exploring as it is roughly halfway between the beach and the creek. As another reviewer has mentioned, be careful with the taxis - the black ones charge a fortune and never have any change so make sure you keep plenty of small notes. Use the beige Dubai Taxis - metered and much cheaper.If you simply want a good base at a bargain price from which to explore Dubai, don't be put off by some of the negative reviews - The Metropolitan is ideal.If you want 5 star luxury, pay treble the price and go elsewhere!	
Nov 23 2008 	Very nice hotel..	Nice friendly staffs, nice room, big pool, nice gym, shopping mall within the hotel. Traditional British pub with live football. Nice spacious club (disco as they call it there) with prostitutes harassing you. Location was not bad. Lives up to the 4* reputation.	
Nov 21 2008 	I hated it......sorry!	Well where can I start...I first visited Dubai in 2002 and since then I have been back 11 times!!! I love Dubai but I hated this hotel...without sounding snobby I always stay at a different 5 star resort each time I visit. This time I came with a different group of people who were on a budget so we ended up staying here.... it is no way near a 4 star! More like a 2-3 star. There was an awful smell lingering in the corridors as well as a very stale smell in the bedrooms. The bathrooms are tiny and dated....The decor is very old fashioned and I cannot see where they have spent millions on refurbishing this hotel.... the spa facilities are a joke they are worse than the ones here in the UK...sorry but I have to tell it as it is.. the jacuzzi area reminded me of 'old and dated swimming baths here in the UK' again very tacky!!!! The breakfast room is not all that either full of common british holiday makers...not my style at all..... I would rather go and spend my money with a 5 STAR hotel and enjoy my stay rather than feel miserable... I simply enjoy the finer things in life! I strongly recommended The One and Only Royal Mirage or Al Qasr if you like to be pampered....	
Nov 20 2008 	Good city centre hotel	I stayed at this hotel for my 30th birthday. One of the main reasons for booking it was the price, compared to the other 4 star hotels that Dubai has to offer. It certainly lived up to its expectations. We arrived at the hotel in the morning, and although we couldn`t check in we were allowed to leave our bags and to go straight to the pool area. We were so content there that we eventually checked in at about 6pm, after a very nice massage in the beauty bit. You do need to get to the pool early as holiday makers do seem to reserve the sunbeds first thing! The hotel itself was to a very good standard. The rooms were big and the breakfast was lovely. You can pay to use the Habtoor hotels facilties for the day and I would recommend this, with the mini bus taking you directly there. There is also a free mini bus that takes you to the Emirates Mall, which is a shoperholics haven. We were there during ramamadan and the malls stayed open even later. The hotel had a great location, don`t be put off by the fact that is more in the city centre. Finally on my birthday they left a fantastic chocolate cake in the room, with candles! This was lovely!	
Nov 18 2008 	depends what you want	I was a little anxious about going to this hotel having read mixed reviews on this website however it had been booked through Virgin Holidays by a friend so I kept fingers crossed.To set the scene we were travelling as a group of girls looking for some winter sun, low cost relaxation. We got an amazing deal with Virgin and paid 345 quid for 5 nights B&amp;B. To this end- the hotel delivered.plus points: -very clean spacious, comfy rooms. Nothing to write home about, just nice corporate style hotel rooms, great shower!-nice pool, clean, comfy sun loungers-good restaurants/bars no sign of any brothel as mentioned in earlier posts-excellent breakfast choice and friendly staff-free shuttle to malls and beachnegatives:-Sun loungers fill up quickly so make like the germans early with your towel-public areas of the hotel are a little dated but sparkly clean-if you are a group of over 5 do not ask the conierge for any help, we asked for a cab for a certain time. We were called to say it had arrived, went down to get in it and were told it would be 80 dirhams basic rate as he had been booked for 2 hours and had been waiting for 30 minutes. We argued with the driver and the concierge and he took the drivers side. really irritating. We got 2 public cabs instead and payed the metered rate (v. reasonable, just count your change as they tried to fleece us more than once)-our room looked out onto the sheik said road-basically like the M1!! It wasn't noisy but might be worth asking for a room at the back of the hotel!Also top tip, for internet we were told by reception that it was 50 dirhams per hour wifi from your room. They failed to tell us about the much cheaper internet cafe at the back of the dining room atrium Too late for us but just so you know they can be a little selective with the information they give you where money is involved.Overall good value for what we paid and met our requirements. Hope this is helpful.	
Nov 7 2008	Nice hotel	A really good hotel between Dubai city and Mall of Emirates. Good value for the money.On the plus side:Free shuttle buses to the beach and Mall of Emirates.Lovely breakfast with a big variety.Really nice and professional hotel staff, especially the breakfast staff and the people at the concierge desk.Quite big pool area with changing rooms and sauna, Jacuzzi.Lots of different restaurants, although I didn't get any chance to eat at any of them. And they also have a cinema.Big, clean and nice room and yes, they now have tea/coffee facilities. On the minus sideNot enough sun beds at the poolside.The sun disappears around 3-4 o'clock from the pool.Not any nice views from your hotel window. NO, you can't walk to the beach even if it looks close at the map.The &quot;Sky bar&quot; aren't the best bar, try Vu's sky bar at the emirates towers. A huge drink list and tasty drinks.There is prostitution but you only see them outside The Rattle Snake and usually if you are around different hotel areas you probably don't notice it at all. Other informationIf you are going to afternoon tea at the Burj al Arab or try to swim with the dolphins at Atlantis hotel, be sure to book weeks in advance.If you are going to spend much time on the Souks or Deira side, you should take a cab before the rush hours or else the taxi driver often refuses to drive.The &quot;black&quot; private taxis are more expensive than the municipal beige taxis. You should really go for a desert safari but remember, this is really for the tourists and nothing genuine. And if you are getting sea-sick, take some pills because it's really goes up and downs on the dunes.It could take some time before the staff cleans your room. But hey, think of the poor guys who are cleaning. They probably have lots of rooms and working more than 12 hours each day.	
Oct 12 2008 	Decent Hotel	For our second trip to Dubai we wanted somewhere close to the big malls and not too far from the beach, at a very reasonable price this hotel suited us just fine. We arrived very early so couldn't check in but instead headed straight for the pool. The pool is quite big, but sadly there aren't enough sunbeds so you have to get down early or you won't get one. If you do, they are very comfortable.When we got to our room they had allocated us a double instead of twin, but that was changed immediately with just one phonecall down to reception.The breakfast is very nice, but again there doesn't seem to be enough room in the dining room.On the second day we paid 50dh to go via minibus to the sister hotel - Grand Habtoor Hotel which was a huge improvement and lovely. Definitely worth the money!We also made use of the courtesy bus to the Emirates mall at night, but since this stopped around 9pm we had to get a taxi back, but it's not far.Overall, the hotel itself was very nice and if you want to go out and about it's great. If you want to spend your time at the hotel (especially the pool) you might want to look around for somewhere else.	
Oct 4 2008 	Good Hotel	Must say really surprised by the number of negative comments posted about this hotel. We have stayed there for a total of some three weeks on and off this year and cannot really fault any aspect of the service and facilities. The location is good - if not a bit isolated - to get to anywhere of interest in Dubai you have to either drive or get a taxi, but this is more due to the bad urban planning of Dubai rather than the fault of the hotel.The rooms are excellent, air conditioned, cleaned daily and with mini bar, tea and coffee making facilities. The staff were excellent - if anything too helpful at times. The restaurants, I think there are four in total, offer a good variety of European and Asian food and the breakfast is excellent.The only complaint I have was regarding the mini bar. The hotel wanted a 500Drhm deposit (which is about £75) at check in. This I refused to pay and agreed that they could remove the stock from the bar instead.One word of caution - within the grounds of the hotel is a bar called the Rattlesnake. This is no ordinary bar, to not put too fine a point on it, it is a brothel and depending upon your travelling circumstances you can decide yourself if you want to venture inside. On the whole an above average hotel used by both business and holiday travellers, good value, good facilities, reasonable location. Recommended.	
Oct 4 2008 	worst ever	well me and my wife stayed for three nights and we arrived to be told we had to give credit card details for mini bar and food but told we would pay cash but this was no good wanted card.we had to call down in morning to get room cleaned bathroom was dirty as was linen ,shelf in bathroom was hanging off, floor was very grubby and old .we had a coffee in room and the napkins were filthy this hotel had a pool but this was the worst pool area i have seen it was very old and dirty looking not a pleasant experience and i will definitely never go back and would never recommend to anyone. And still waiting for refund on card.	
Sep 22 2008 	wont be back	My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights at the end of a great holiday to Thailand, we wont be back, we did not think that it was up to its 4* . its old in some places shabby.I refused to unpack, as our room was dirty, furniture broken and generally grubby.We asked to be moved to another hotel, but was told it wouldnt happen till the next day (only there for 3 ) so we accepted an upgrade.Still not up to 4* hotels we had left, but made the best of it.Staff are very nice as is the Italian on site. But that is all i can say nice.	
Sep 14 2008 	The worst experience with any hotel ever	Honestly, the hotel looks OK from outside, pretty good location on Sheikh Zayed road - accessibility to Jumeira as well Deira. Some ok restaurants and bars directly on the spot.BUT- we have booked 3 single rooms there, we confirmed the reservation the day of arrival in the morning directly with the hotel, when we arrived, we were told the hotel was full but they will upgrade us to apartments, after couple of questions reception desk staff convinced us that it's really bigger, nicer, better, on top we will have living room on top for the same price. Sound good so far. Just before we arrived to apartments - actually 1 apartment with 3 bedrooms ( 2 of them with the size as little a bed and 1 chair so you could hardly fit there unless staying on the bed), the biggest issues was that 3 bedrooms doesn't mean in this 4 star hotel 3 bathrooms. There was literally 1 and 1/2 bathroom for 3 bedrooms. So to cut the long story short - after first nice complaint, after little more assertive negotiation and at the end refusing to pay - in total couple of hours sometimes after 1 am in the morning we got our single rooms (oops, hotel was not as full as they claimed.....)The last thing I will mention here is watch what is pre-booked and really charged on your credit card. I realized that hotel took out all pre-booked amount at check in as well as the whole bill at the checkout. After many complaints through my bank, directly through hotel etc I never got my money back. Actually my bank here told me that Metropolitan is working with some bank in Dubai which is on the black list.......At the end very expensive, lousy experience!	
Jul 14 2008 	WHATS THE PROBLEM?	OK so whats the problem with this hotel?. We just stayed there for 3 nights but have to admit that after reading reviews on Trip advisor we did try unsuccesfully to change. Don't be put off by its exterior, this is one of the oldest hotels in Dubai and it looks it but the interior is fine. The usual marble floors and comfortable seating greet you in reception and it has some lovely traditional features. The staff without exception were friendly and helpfull, they spent hours booking restruants for us with no complaints. The room was well furnished and clean as are the communal corridors. Be warned the third bed for our son was a camp bed which was incredibly hard, we requested a second mattress for this and it was there in 15 minutes. Breakfast was fine though we never ate in any of the other restruants. The pool area is dated and in need of a make over but the pool itself was clean. I admit that that the bar areas at the rear are a little bit scruffy but the new lounge bar off reception is elegant and stylish, we went there each night and it has a great atmosphere with friendly and efficient staff. As many people will know if you want to get about in Dubai you have to get a taxi, this is not expensive and they are available at all hours from reception. A visit to the sister hotel the Habta Grand is a must, you can get a shuttle bus from reception, we spent a day there. So overall we had no issues with this hotel, it does what it says on the tin and wouldn't be to bothered if we had to stay there again. Oh yes prostitutes! not sure what they should look like but as far as we know we never saw any and certainly weren't approached by any. Good tip for a meal is the Glass House in the Hilton Dubai Creek. It shares a kitchen with Gordon Ramseys &quot; The Verve&quot;. The food is excellent at half the price!	
Jun 30 2008 	Decent hotel	If this hotel would be situated in Europe, it would be a fine 4-5 star hotel, but since it is in Dubai it is an okay hotel. Ofcourse you can't compare it with Jumeirah hotels or Burj al-Arab, but it is a decent hotel. Service is good at reception and the restaurants and bar. Rooms are large and clean. I did not experience any problems and the pick up service from and to the airport was good. If you don't want to spend to much money on a hotel in Dubai, it is a good place to stay. It is not on a perfect location, but for a couple of euro's or dollars you are everywhere with a taxi.	
Jun 18 2008 	Love Love Love This Hotel	I was a bit apprehensive about this hotel, as I had read all sorts about prostitutes etc in other reviews. I went with my parents who are in their 70's, and I'm 44, left hubby at home because he doesn't like flying. Checked in and we were given adjoining rooms so we had interconnecting doors, which was great as we could mix then shut the door at bed time. The prosititue problem wasn't obvious so I assume thay have 'cleaned' it up!!The hotel was clean and comfortable, we were given a small fruit basket on arrival which was a nice touch. I had booked through Virgin Holidays and I think we got an excellent rate as it worked out at about £600 for 6 nights including flight and breakfast. Transferes from the airport were easy. There was always a taxi or hotel car available to go to places, taxi rides were 20 - 30 dibdobs to most places, hotel nice and central for the Souks, Mall of the Emerites is only about 10 mins away, as is the Burj Al Arab. All staff were polite and approachable and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay.Mum and I went for a massage 200 dibdobs for an hour - lets just say I don't think they are used to massaging females, or those who just want a massage.... it was the only time the thought of prozzies came into our mind - it was quite funny though and the massage was very good.	
May 9 2008 	Terrific hotel!	My husband and I stayed at this lovely hotel for 3-nights. From the airport it is only a 15 minute drive, and is near all of the hot spots that Dubai has to offer, like Mall of Emirates and Jumeirah Beach. There are a variety of onsite restaurants to choose from, our favorite being the Italian restaurant Don Corleone, which was cozy, affordable, and served the most delicious authentic dishes. We also had the pleasure of watching a movie at the hotel's 8 screen cineplex. Positives: Great location- just off of Sheikh Zayed Road, about 15 minutes from DXB. The variety of restaurants, 24-hour shoppette to buy any toiletries, snacks, or water. The rooms were spacious and very comfortable. The staff was friendly and overly hospitable. Hotel also offers a free shuttle to the airport and beach.Negatives: Check-in time is 12 noon, yet when we arrived we had to wait 3-hours for our non-smoking room. This was even after having booked the room over a month in advance with the non-smoking preference. We were however provided a lovely complimentary fruit basket with management's apologies. The layout of the hotel is odd, that when we looked out the window of our suite, we could see the walkway to the restaurants and lobby. This area is enclosed, indoor, and unfortunately is loud with a high ceiling, so the sound of people would echo throughout this area, and unfortunately could be heard through the windows into our room. Overall, this was a great hotel and we highly recommend it to others.	
Apr 23 2008 	Some problems for single women travellers	I stayed at the Metropolitan a few years ago and decided to give it another go. The hotel's location is convenient for business and the facilities are excellent. The guest rooms are spacious and well equipped, with tea/coffee making facilities and a selection of toiletries. The staff were friendly and helpful.The hotel has a great selection of restaurants. The breakfast buffet offers a vast choice or cooked or cold dishes, lovely fresh fruits, and a whole table full of pastries and breads. The tea was not that great, but they do a nice cafe latte.The big downside for me as a woman travelling alone on business is the prostitutes. They are not &quot;in your face&quot; and families/couples staying at the hotel might not really be aware of them as they mainly patronise the Rattlesnake where the expats hang out, and occasionally the Red Lion. I have been propositioned by ignorant middle aged English guys when dining alone dressed in conservative business attire. It is not all that pleasant eating alone anyway, but knowing that people are speculating about you and even coming over to hassle you makes dining alone very uncomfortable. Fortunately the staff at Don Corleone were lovely and made me feel very comfortable. I like this restaurant as you can dine outside, making the most of the warm evenings that we rarely get in the UK! When two dubious Eastern European &quot;ladies&quot; did enter the restaurant (one of whom disappeared for well over half an hour just as her main course arrived) it was clear that the staff were not happy.I am a bit surprised that the hotel management doesn't address this issue of the prostitutes. This is the only thing that put me off this hotel on my previous visit. This time I gave it another try as the room rate was good value, but I feel more comfortable at the Dusit or the Novotel.	
Apr 21 2008 	Average Hotel	I've stayed at the Metropolitan Hotel in Sheikh Zayed Road twice, last year 2007 I didn't get the chance to know the hotel because it was my first time in Dubai so pretty much a was out of the hotel all the time, if you want visit the city the location is very good, you are close to souqs, malls, airport, etc.The Metropolitan has two big softball fields so it is perfect for softball players to stay there, my husband arrived a couple of days early and booked a private transportation with the front desk service to pick me up from the airport, they charged him 90 dirhams and the driver never showed up, not even apologize! In any case, I took the normal shuttle and got in the hotel.The hotel is nice, average compared with other places in Dubai, with more research and time you can find a better place to stay for the same or maybe a little bit more money but it will be worth to do it, the rooms are quite small and dark, the swimming pool area is very nice, not sun after 2.00pm because of the location but still nice, they have a couple of restaurants there with good food but I will suggest to eat out, drinks are also quite cheap.There are also some bars at the hotel, I agree with other reviews about the prostitution it is really heavy there, they don't respect anything and approach everybody even if they are in couples, if you are bothered about things like that avoid going there.Finally, at the moment to pay our bill the hotel was charging us an extra 1300 dirhams (that is more than US$250), it was a mistake in the room rate and there was an extra day, we have to spend an hour explaining this to the lady because she refuse to change the invoice, I hear things like that happen very often so make sure to review your bill before charging the cost on your credit card.	
Apr 17 2008 	Good Hotel	My First time to Dubai and i selected this hotel based on reviews and i was not disapointed at all. Actually i had booked a twine room for me and my friend but when we reached the hotel we were surprised to get 2 rooms for the price of one room as we had paid for the hotel in advance. may be it was a lucky day for me but i did not complain and just took it. The stay was very good and its not far from the city by taxi or they have there own buses certain times of the day which takes you and picks you up from the city. they have a bus service to the beach as well. would definetly recommend this hotel.	
Feb 26 2008	Absolutely Fine Hotel No Problem	This hotel was adequate for our 5 day stay in Dubai. We arrived early last monday was told our room wouldnt be available for another 2 hours so ordered tea and waited in the lobby, within 45 mins the receptionist said our room was ready. The room was fine, no problem, clean, comfortable, great sat TV, mini bar fully stocked etc. The staff were friendly at all times. The restaurants were great. We used the courtesy bus for the sister hotel, which was 25 min ride but at least on the beach right next to the Palm developement (recommend the 25th floor restaurant for food and views). All in all the Metro Dubai is an ok hotel you get what you pay for and it exceeds expectations in that case.	
Dec 5 2007	Less Glamorous but still very acceptable	My mother (60) and I (27) have just returned from a week staying in the Metropolitan. We booked the hotel because it was slightly older and not a high rise tower block - which we didn't want. We wanted a relaxing holiday equidistant from the beach and the main shops. However it is right next to the main road and necessary to taxi everywhere.All the front of house staff were very helpful, cheery and imformative. The buffet style breakfast catered for everyone - a chef making omelettes to order, cereal including porridge, cooked breakfast catering for Brits and Arabs, fresh fruit (whole and cut), cheese, yoghurts and not forgetting the bakery table! The tea was not great but I do recommend the mint tea.The restaurants seem to be really busy with non residents too - we ate at the Italian (Don Corlease) which was fine (not great) and the Fish Bazaar - absolutely fantastic. The staff very attentive, the decor interesting. You choose the fish you want and then the sauce over it - so good we went back again!Also in the evenings, it was very nice to sit in the lobby and listen to the piano singer.The pool was adequate although lacked the afternoon sun. Quite far from the main hotel. Instead we went to the other hotel by the sea - great look at the Palm but difficult to sun bath and relax when all you can hear is the monster trucks on the Palm. However the rest of the hotel is very plush.Very enjoyable stay and will go back again.	
Nov 26 2007	Really Bad! bad internet connection! noisy air A/Cs!!	I was charged 1440AED per night! when you enter the hotel you will see a sign indicating that it is a 5 star hotel! in the room when you turn ON the A/C you will get a weird noisy! in the morning there are no taxis that you can take! you need a minimum of 15 minutes to get a taxi. in the evening it is even worst you will have a long queue just to get a taxi. the internet was expensive with a bad policy! when you apply for 6 hours for example, the connection will expire after 6 hours from registration even if you didn't use it at all. in other hotels (like Rotana Towers) when you apply for 6 hours, it will be a 6 hours of usage. Meaning it can be used on several days. also, the internet was really really slow. when i called them and complain they told me that there are couple of other rooms using the internet and they only have a 256kbps for the whole hotel. so i told them to cancel my registration and to get my money back and they agreed. when i wanted to check out it was in the bill! so after along discussion they removed it from the bill.the worst part is which made really frustrated was after 2 weeks from checking out i can see that they took 14.7$ more for no reason!! I am trying to contact them now to know the reason for that! i really hated the place and how they want trick people for money!	
Nov 1 2007 	So far for customer service	I booked the hotel for 12 days for a rate of AED1200. When I checked in, it became obvious that the rate was not AED1200 but AED1440 (taxes) WITHOUT breakfast.OK so far, As I was on business trip, I could live with that. Once in the room, some of the lights where not working, the shower was spraying water in all directions and the room smelt like someone had dumped his ashtray there. (why do you have to pay that kiind of money for this service?)Unfortunately, after 3 days, something urgent came up and I had to go back to my home country immediately.Coming to reception I was told that I would have to pay for the complete 12 days!!!After some negociations, they settled for a &quot;penalty&quot; of AED1440, which is the equivalent of 1 day's stay.I am sure that these things happen often in a hotel that calls themselves &quot;business hotel&quot;, so how much profit are they making on these &quot;rules&quot;?I have never had something similar before, and I am traveling constantly all over the world.They will never see anyone from my company again, I can assure you.For the rest, old hotel, decent food but crappy swimming pool.	
Nov 1 2007 	Good value for Dubai good location for exhibition center	I attended the FDI congress at the exhibition center October 2007 and stayed at the Metropolitan Hotel on Sheik Zayed Road. I made the reservation through the Exhibition center's housing unit so I believe I paid less than the rack rate. This hotel was rated 3+ stars by the housing center and I believe it to be accurate after staying here. It was the least expensive hotel on the list. I've read the reviews here and they are mixed, and depend upon the point of view. If comparing to other Dubai hotels, this is one of the older ones (1979) and less classy. But if you're looking at international comparisons, the Metropolitan compares favorably. The hotel provided a pick up at the airport which was certainly a benefit if , Like me you are a first timer and don't know the roads. But if you don't tell them in advance what flight you are arriving on, they won't know to pick you up. They also gave me free drop off at the airport for a 2am flight which helped alot. The breakfast included was quite plentiful, with omelet service, indian and middle east food, plenty of fruits and juice. They we're very amenable to making cafe Latte for my wife each morning. This hotel seems to be a fixture in the community. Even after staying a week, I didn't realize there were more than half a dozen restaurants including what seems to be a most popular bar for expates (The Rattle Snake), indian, chinese , italian restaurants, a pool, gym, softball fields! apartment residences in the back. The location is highly recommended for commuting to the exhibition center and taxi fare only about 14dirhams each way. By comparison, the taxi fare from this hotel to Jumeirah was about 33 dirhams alone. I am recommending this hotel to those who don't want to spend exorbitant prices at the beach, but just need a place to stay while doing stuff in Dubai.	
Oct 26 2007 	Superb Start 2 Dubai	ahh the good old days when i went 2 Dubai for the first time! Well with expectations of Terroists and a old Arab style hotel....i actually was shocked with what i saw! The hotel is only 4**** yet the hotel looks like the Hilton from the in-side, hotel is in a perfect location and the staff are some of the friendliest in Dubai. There is a safari tour company in-side (do not know if it still exists) but i highly recommend them! (They use nice private Land Cruisers!!! The buffet breakfast was AMAZING, serving a full english breakfast with a HUGE an d i mean HUGE variety of salads, breaks and snacks! There is a Cinema next door and a beautiful garden to relax in the evening.However not everything has it's up's the main problem i had was to do with the air-con, it was soo cold i got a blocked nose :( but i managed to fix it by opening the windows to 50 C heat. So for reference ask the hotel staff how to work the air-con or you just might think you are staying in antartica over night.Other than that it was prefect, A superb start to Dubai. Great for basically people of all ages. Loved it. A+	
Oct 20 2007 	Our experience of Dubai 	After booking this hotel, I checked the Metropolitan out on Trip Advisor and felt concerned that we had made a dreadful mistake - this was NOT the case. THE HOTELThe hotel opened in 1979 - according to the photographs in reception. Whilst not being as grand as some of the newer hotels, it most certainly has been refurbished during the past 28 years and was pleasant, spotlessly clean and comfortable.LOCATIONThe Metropolitan is a good base for a short break in Dubai - the location suited us, &amp; I would agree that it was no more than 30dhs (about £4) to get to anywhere in the city or Jumeirah Beach. Taxi's were easy to get and seemed the usual mode of transport for even a short trip (where you would walk in another resort, you just can't in Dubai as all roads are ring roads and 4-6 lane highways. They are not exactly pedestrian friendly, but that's Dubai!).FIRST DAYWe arrived at the Metropolitan just after 9am - following an interesting transfer from the airport. The experience of being a car passenger in Dubai is a white knuckle ride in itself! This was not just down to our driver - local newspapers, guide books and taxi drivers will all confirm that driving in Dubai is not for the faint hearted.As mentioned in a previous review, we were also advised that to get our room early would incur a charge, alternatively we could use the hotel facilities until 11am when our room was ready- we chose to go and have breakfast, and then laze by the pool which passed this time easily. Once checked in, we were then rested &amp; ready to explore the city.ROOMOur room was a 'Superior' room - which is actually a standard room and sadly didnt have tea &amp; coffee facilities available. The housekeeping service was excellent and our room was serviced every day by Irwyn who didnt just replace towels, but made every effort to keep our room tidy &amp; organised (I wish I could find his equivalent in the UK to employ to clean my house!!) Our room was facing Sheikh Zayed Road so no problem from the Rattlesnake bar (*see later). Admittedly not the best view - but then I didnt go to Dubai to see it from my room.RESTAURANTSRestaurants in the hotel - Summer Palace (Chinese), Don Corleone (Italian) &amp; Shahjahan (Indian) were all lovely. Excellent service &amp; good food. If you are staying here for several nights, it is worth knowing that each morning you will get a flyer hanging from your door advertising a discount in one of the restaurants. This is good if you dont mind the fact that that will dictate where you eat that night. The discounts were 25% off the bill (food not drinks).The Red Lion Pub was the usual 'British Bar Abroad'. We enjoyed watching the football &amp; rugby that was shown on large screens in the Beer Garden. Bar food here is great when you just want chips! (You can take the girl out of England, but you cant take England out of the girl....!) Staff were great, particularly Dinusha who worked relentlessly to keep the customers happy, sometimes when faced with some quite rude &amp; obnoxious tourists, she kept a smile on her face and was just adorable.CONCERNS..Now: the prostitutes. - That made me concerned after reading previous reviews. But it really is not so bad. The Rattlesnake Bar which seems to be the attraction for these people is at the back of the hotel in a separate building. We simply never went in there, so no problem. Once or twice there were some questionable 'ladies' in the Red Lion. But to be completely honest, I never noticed them until my boyfriend pointed them out to me. And even then they seemed to target local ex pats more than tourists (?!?). For anyone who is concerned about this problem at the Metropolitan (And I was), I would advise not to be worried and you can feel completely safe here.MONEYDespite our rep informing us that we would be able to change travellers cheques in the hotel - this is not possible at the Metropolitan. Apparently they have had problems recently with fake travellers cheques being presented, so no longer offer this facility. A short taxi drive will take you to the Western Union exchange centre within a large supermarket to change travellers cheques. Alternatively, if you wish to pay by credit card, a whopping 10% admin fee will be added !! Beware - Dubai is a city where they like your money, and they like it in the form of cash......HABTOOR GRAND (SISTER HOTEL)From the Metropolitan you can use facilities at the Habtoor Grand Resort on Jumeirah Beach. This costs 70 dhs (£10) per person and is money well spent. The pool at the Metropolitan is clean &amp; comfortable, but the Habtoor Grand is much nicer and there is the opportunity to walk along the beach and see what is happening at the Palm Jumeirah - we were able to go up to the '25th' (restaurant on the top floor) for stunning views of Palm Jumeirah, the Burj Al Arab &amp; surrounding area - TIP: go up about 4pm when the restaurant is empty and they dont mind you going to have a look. We saw some better views here than we did from the Burj !! Also, they didnt advertise this, but you are able to use the courtesy buses at the Habtoor if you are staying at the Metropolitan: this meant we could stay later at the Habtoor and return via Mall of the Emirates later in the evening.BURJ AL ARABLike many, we did not want to miss the opportunity to visit this iconic place. During our trip we met other tourists who had booked their visit to the Burj before their trip and I would strongly advise this. Once in Dubai, you can only book (for tea, lunch or dinner) via your hotel and we did via the Metropolitan. This is far more expensive and we felt that our 'guide' was looking after his own interests more than ours - he clearly was making a huge profit and although pleasant we did not see everything we would have liked - we were able to go to the top floor in the lift, but only able to see the view from the lift as there were diners in the restaurant. Similarly we never saw the basement restaurant looking out into aquarium? (I only learnt of this once back home). Our 'Guide' then took us to an Art Centre, which initialy sounded nice and an added extra. Once at the Art Centre, where all goods are available for sale, it was again clear that this man had a business interest in the place, and once we made it clear that we were not going to buy anything, the visit became more hurried and we were quickly escorted back to our hotel.Nevertheless, lunch at the Burj was fantastic, make sure you dont have a large breakfast and be prepared to feel like you have just eaten your Christmas Dinner!MUST DO'sDow Creek boat trip - see the city in an hour. worth doing.Iranian restaurant in the Twin Towers, Deira. 40dhs (£5ish) for as-much-as-you-can-eat buffet lunch.Dubai musuem - see how quickly the city has evolved.Big Bus City Tour - Great to orientate yourself, but beware - your ticket may well be valid for 24 hours, but where ever they are at 6pm they will stop the bus and thats it until the next morning..Gold Souk / City - Girls, wear a sensible clothes or have something to cover up with. Its not compulsory, but I felt better for a pashmina and watched girls uncomfortable in strappy vest tops &amp; shorts...In one sense, apologies for a lengthy review, in another, I hope there may be some useful information for fellow travellers - we had a great holiday in Dubai, it is certainly an interesting and constantly changing city. I hope we have shared the good and the bad which may assist others. We had a great experience, but with the benefit of hindsight, would have done one or 2 things differently eg Book your Burj visit before you go !!!!	
Oct 10 2007 	You get what you pay for....	We stayed at this hotel recently on our first visit to Dubai. We arrived at 9am and the reception staff said it would cost us extra if we wanted our room right away and said we could come back at 11. The concierge arranged a taxi for us for a few hours to take us out, we where out for about three hours, the guy was great and told us loads about Dubai and showed us everything that we had planned to visit, this was great as an orientation and when we got back to the hotel after mid-day our room was ready.The room was ok, we had booked the weekend as a package deal and had a deluxe room, this did have tea and coffee making facilities and was a very clean.We made use of the facilities at the Habtoor Grand in the day which is a fantastic hotel. It costs about £10 a day to use the facilities and it is well worth it as the pool at the Metropolitan though quite big was busy and in the afternoon large areas are in the shade.We ate at a few of the restaurants at the hotel. The Fish Bazaar is excellent. We also ate in the Summer Palace which was ok. There are two bars at the rear of the hotel as you head towards the pool and gym complex, one is a pub that looks like the Rovers Return. The other is the Rattle Snake. We went to the Rattle Snake for a couple of drinks one evening before going for dinner and the Thai prostitutes seemed to arrive by the truck load. We left at about 8.30 as it became a bit uncomfortable, they pretty much attached themselves to any man in the room - even my husband when I went to the toilet which was rather amusing.The hotel reception staff were fairly friendly though often couldn't answer any questions you had - I will find out -became our standard line for the weekend.We stayed at this hotel because it was cheap, we would not stay here again. You get what you pay for and for a first trip it was ok, as it was situated between the city and the main resorts of Jumeriah Beach . We wanted to see lots of places and didn't spend much time in the hotel anyway. If you are planning to spend longer than a few nights in Dubai and want to spend time in your resort - don't stay here.	
Oct 7 2007 	If you cant afford Jemariah Beach then dont go to Dubai!!!	This hotel has to be one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in my life!!As the transfer bus from the airport pulled up outside this hell hole my face dropped! NOT the sort of place I usually stay! Ok, you get what you pay for I agree, but this place didnt even warrant the price I paid!The hotel was apparently built in 1974, and by the looks of things it hasnt been updated since! The rooms were basic and there were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room, which is unusual these days. And as for the pool? Well its filthy and the sun loungers are ripped and broken. The RATTLESNAKE pub is a BROTHEL!!!! Which, quite frankly I was disgusted about. Since its the sort of place you expect in some dive in Bennidorm. NOT Dubai!!After waiting a few hours for my room, and being very upset at my surroundings I was assured by my mum that things would get better, how wrong could I be........My clothes got taken from my room!!!! £120 pair of jeans and a Karen Millen jumper. I told the staff that my clothes had gone missing and I was met by a frosty, response from the [--] reception staff who are chinese. They almost implied I had lost the clothes myself, and told me they would check the laundry in case. However I would have to wait till the following day. So back I went the next day to see what had happened to my clothes.... I got told by the hotel manager a MR ARUN (who has been mentioned in these reviews as being a rude pig) said they had been found. IN THE COFFEE SHOP IN A PILE ON THE FLOOR!!! Now why would things from my suitcase end up in the coffee shop???? Especially a pair of jeans and a jumper (in the Dubai heat no1 would dream of wearing it!!) I denied flatly that I had left them there and that one of the staff must have planted them. MR ARUN and his staff then started laughing and smirking. Which really got my back up!! Then I take a closer look and realise my jumper had shrunk and my jeans were ruined!!!! - They had clearly been washed and badly at that!! He and his rude, incompetant staff denied any responsiblity and said that as they were back, and no1 could prove they were taken or washed they would do nothing about it. I asked for a letter from the hotel to say my clothes were ruined (my insurance company needed it) and surprise, surprise MR ARUN flatly refused to write one. All he would offer me for compensation for my distress was a poxy fruit basket, which I told him he could stick where the sun doesnt shine!My experience of Dubai was ruined by this terrible hotel.So my warning to anyone who has booked it..... CANCEL and anyone whos thinking of going.... DONT!!You'll only be disappointed!!!	
Sep 7 2007 	A little off beat but decent.	Dubai has great hotels and on the Dubai scale, this is only a 3-star at best but you'll commonly see it classified 4-5 star. Its OK. Clean, reasonably priced, good selection of restaurants, especially Shahjakan, the Indian place. Popular pub on site. Staff tries to please. Beware rooms facing the nightclub.Rooms are medium sized, clean and typically furnished but not up to date on style. Internet is wired, cost a fortune (as elsewhere) and no wireless available.Theater is next door, but everything else is a $5-10 taxi ride. OK for central base if you are willing to taxi to everything you do. View out your window is dreary.Bottom line is its a decent place to stay that you won't mind or remember.	
Aug 30 2007	Breakfast area was lovely	We stayed at the Hotel from the 4th August 2007 for 7 nights.We found the people friendly and very helpful. However we have stayed in many 4 star hotels but don't think this particular Hotel is a 4 star rated, rather a 3 star. The breakfast was the best thing about this hotel, we had a pleasant stay, but don't thinkwould go back again as it's a bit far to get to some of the places and getting a taxi is a nightmare in Dubai.	
Aug 4 2007 	Metropolitan: not as bad as people make out	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Metropolitan City between the 12th and 17th of July and didn't have a problem with it.We picked this one partly because of the price and partly because we weren't too fussed about a beach hotel as we were only there 4 nights before going to the Maldives for 12. Location was great for getting around to the Malls, Souk Madinat etc. Never paid more than 30dhs for a taxi. We used the shuttle bus to go down the sister hotel Habtoor Grand to use the pool which was lovely and would recommend it as the pool at the Metropolitan isn't that nice in comparison.The staff were all very friendly. We were only bed and breakfast, so didn't eat in any of the restaurants apart from the buffet breakfast which had a good selection.All in all this is a very good hotel, little bit dated I suppose compared to the newer hotels in Dubai but would recommend it for people who just want a good base and who do not plan on spending all day in the hotel/pool.	
Jul 20 2007 	Don't be so hard on this place	I have just returned from staying at the Metropolitan Hotel Dubai. Prior to my stay I read the entries and like one reviewer almost cancelled. However that one good recent review swayed me from cancelling and I'm glad I didn't.I travelled with Virgin Airlines and arrived at the hotel at about 8-30am. We had breakfast and went straight to our room. There was no additional cost suggested and no fuss about us going to our roomThe staff were all helpful and friendly. I encountered no one I could find fault with, they were all nice. The hotel was nicely furnished and was clean. The furnishing was old, but not worn and this added to the pleasent atmosphere of the hotel.The breakfast buffet was first class and the prices for the restaurants on the site were about average for Dubai.The shuttles to and from the malls ran on time. All in all I feel that I had good value for money and would certainly stay here again.	
Jun 27 2007 	really good hotel!	after reading all the bad reveiws about this hotel i was really worried, but it was one if the best hotels that i have ever stayed at! the service was great the room size was good and the overall hotel was amazing. the hotel pool was really nice and the brakfast in the moring was great too! i recoommend this hotel and it what you make of it that counts, if i ever return to dubai then i would definatley stay here again.	
Jun 11 2007	Too many prostitutes for my liking!	Very nice hotel but unfortunately one of the restaurants in the grounds encourages Philipino prostitutes. Would not recommend taking children or wandering husbands! Spoilt my whole experience of Dubai.	
May 18 2007	Treated fantasticaly	I booked this holiday before joining trip advisor and as such was shocked to read the reviews here shortly before my trip. I nearly cancelled the holiday off the back of the reviews, thankfully I didn't as this was quite possible the best holiday my wife and I have had. First things first, this is a 4 star hotel, and the treatment recieved from EVERY member of staff (from the receptioniststo the room cleaners), the high standard of dining and general presentation of the place certainly merited that. We stayed half board and did not have any issues dining. The buffet style breakfast and lunch provided were superb, with an extremely varied selection on offer and attentive staff to ensure all needs were catered for. The restaurant staff remembered our manes, room number and prefered drinks after the first day, silly I know but it was a nice touch and made us feel very welcome. The food itself was on the whole very healthy, although there was still the fried fatty foods on offer for those who cared for it, but most impressive was the desert selection at lunch, every day at least 20-25 (honestly) different deserts laid out to temp you! During the evenings the bars were pleasent and welcoming although I have to agree the resident prostitute bar was a little off putting they at least stayed in the area and away from the other areas. Room service was quick and the guys didn't hover around expecting a tip. I can heartily recomment a massage in the health club and a dip in the pool. My wife and I also took part in a number of the excursions organised by the hotel including a tour of Dubai which the Concierge organised so that, for the same price as a regular bus tour we could have our own car and tour guide. Finally the Shisha bar and on site cinema also made welcome distractions whenthe weather was too hot. My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay and both wished we could have spent longer there. In my opinion this hotel is ideally suited for a youngish couple without kids who want to relax without having children running around or taking over the pool.	
Apr 30 2007 	6 night stay	hotel description is misleading - overpriced compared to similar hotels - our room was slightly shabby and hall carpet stained - location is terrible with minimum aed 30 taxi to anywhere - hotel shuttle times are inconvenient - pool (nice) and health club are in adjacent apartment and equipment is very old nautilus and unusual variety - AED 70 per person charge to use sister facility (beach) - hotel staff were very nice and helpful - buffet food was excellent - would recommend location nearer city center for non-business travellers - internet access is expensive	
Apr 30 2007 	Just 'Okay' - avoid hotel restaurant!	Having decided on an overnight stop in Dubai en route to NZ our travel agent could only find 2 hotels in our price range - one in beach area - one in 'town' area - she recommended this hotel due to massive amount of building work going on in beach area.Same as others, we arrived here from flight landing 0700 and were desperate for a rest - but again this early check in was only available if we were willing to pay extra (we weren't) We made our way outside and found a couple of benches in the hotel garden where we slept for a few hours before making our way back to the reception about 1300 - an hour before check in time. We made a bit of a nuisance of ourselves, hanging around, picking things up - looking scruffy - so in the end, to get rid of us, our room was suddenly made available.It was ok - large twin beds - sofa - bathroom a bit tatty - disppointed that a hotel of this type did not have tea/coffee making facilites. Dubai itself is just a massive building site with no appeal whatsoever. 5 lane motorways take you to huge shopping malls - the pollution is shocking. On the evening we decided to try one of the hotels many restaurants. Don Corleone, the italian resturant was outside and the setting certainly looked the part - red checked tablecloths etc. The food in retrospect tasted ' odd' and the wine was grim - real rough stuff. We felt that the £50 ish for 2 mainly inedible meals, a pint and a half carafe of red was steep, to say the least. As a previous reviewer has mentioned, the main entertainment for us was watching the hookers from the nearby bar, meet up with their clients...Check out next morning was smooth and we were glad to leave - my companion already feeling the effects of our previous nights meal - for me it was to kick in a couple of hours later....	
Apr 19 2007 	No Problems	I stayed at this hotel with my sister 15, and my mother. So thats 3 girls (i'm 18) going to dubai for the easter weekend!.Airport is a v.long walk to arrivals, WEATHER WAS 38 DEGREES, WITH A NICE BREEZE.We got to the hotel at 10am friday and they told us that we cudnt have our room till 1pm, we then said we wanted breakfast and they said we wud have to pay. My mother has her own travel agents and after speaking to the manager we were told we could have breakfast and use the healthclub to change in to go by the pool. So we had breakfast...very nice every morning (fri,sat,sun,mon) by the pool is very small and friday and saturdays are the busyest as people who live on the complex can use it aswell as locals. BEACH = to go to the beach you can go to the metropolitans sister hotel, but the OASIS BEACH CLUB is 2 hotels away, nicer and cheaper to get into, it cost 69£ for 3 of us to go to the beach for the day, and they provide towels only. A coke will cost you around £1.20 and a pina colada £2.70..we had lunch there and spag bowl was £3.50 so not that bad. Dinner at the hotel was lovely seemed to be mainly a chinese theme to it though. In the evenings we went to the WAFI CENTRE which is a shopping mall, MADINAK SOUK which is a lovely market with an upclass feel to it,which is right near the burj el arab (sail hotel it takes 20mins to walk to it). THE MALL OF THE EMIRATES for us (3 women) was the best night, the shopping is amazing, i spent about 50£ in h+m and got loads, of course we also checked out the d+g and chanel and dior! there is also indoor skiing with a proper slope, inside the mall - ive never seen anything like it. Our short trip was lovely, the hotel was fine, there were 2 dolly type prostitutes around when we were at the hotel but they only talk to the local Arabs. The weather was beautiful, you have to do the beaches and walk to the burj aswell, its breaktaking. We are going back in Apr 2008 for a week this time.	
Jan 2 2007 	Do not go half board!	This was my first trip to Dubai and although it was a lovely city this hotel was a huge disappointment.Although we paid half board, the hotel firstly refused to accept this and then they agreed but said we could only eat at one restaurant (which was more like a cafe). After kicking up a fuss, the hotel agreed we could eat at any of the restaurants and have our half board allowance set off our bill.The Indian, Italian &amp; fish thai restaurants were quite pleasant, but we had an awful chinese.Also, be aware, some nights we had flyers for 25% our food bill if we dined at certained restaurants, make sure the waiter staples the flyer to your bill (more later)The rooms are adequate at best. There was no coffee making utilities and the mini bar was empty. The furniture was also dated but it was clean.Alcohol is pretty expensive about £4.20 a pint.The english pub on the resort is quite nice but the Rattlesnake bar, which plays some good lively music is spoiled because its full of hookers who wont leave you alone.Upon checking out I asked for the final bill and I found they had not taken off our half board allowance and then they hadnt applied the correct discounts for the meals we had. I eventually had four different final bills until they finally got it right.The manager there, a Mr Arun, was quite frankly, one of the most unhelpful people I have ever met. He didnt really care that we were unhappy or that they had tried to overcharge us numerous times. It total they tried to overcharge us by about £250. All in all it was a rather disappointing experience at this hotel and if you avoid coming here do it. I certainly won't be going back.	
Dec 27 2006 	Not a bad hotel	This is by no means a very good hotel, but it is not bad for the money. Some of the harsh reviews here need to remember that you are paying an average price which means that you get an average hotel. I have stayed here on a number of occasions, and yes the rooms are very dull, the staff of questionable competence and friendliness (and some are downright rude), and the location is not great, but for your money you do get: clean, reasonably well appointed rooms with a good bathroom, goodish food at reasonable prices and a pool area that is not bad. One thing I do not understand with Habtoor group hotels is why they employ universally unhelpful, surly staff. This also goes for the Habtoor Resort hotel.There are plenty of very nice 5 star hotels in Dubai, but they come at prices of over USD350 per night. For the money, I would be happy to stay here again.	
Sep 26 2006 	Very good rooms but terrible reception	Same as everybody else, we arrived at 7am to be asked for £50 to have a room straight away. We refused their generous offer, but in compensation we were given a breakfast which passed a little time. Rooms were clean and spacious and a good sized bed. No view at all from the window, just a dirty glass roof.Pool was a short walk and while we were there there was no problem getting a space around it.Ate there once at the Italian restuarant and that was fine. Not overly exciting. The Rose and Crown was reasonable for prices in Dubai but was a bit dated and dirty.For some low cost clothes get down to the market and haggle. Dubai is the worlds largest building site. Leave it 5 years and it maybe more impressive, now it is full of cranes and grey, half finished tower blocks	
Sep 8 2006	What A Dump (Sep 2006)	I have just returned from dubai after staying sometime in the Metropolitan Hotel Dubai.I was dying to get on the net and read what other people have said about this place,place as its a kip of a hotel.Some people are too kind i wud say, i agree on some folks reviews of this hotel when they avoid at all costs,the hotel smells,staff are rude, slow and lacking personal service and manners like other hotel staff in dubai.Upon arriving, if we got a smile, the staffs faces wud crack, the lobby was ok ,so up to the room we went, cameout of lift on 4th floor and a stench of i dont know what hit us, it probably got worse by the number oof food plates left in the corridor and upon coming back 7 hours later the plates were still there.so we got showered and changed,i stayed in watching tv ,partner went to the pool,was tired and was in no mood for filth,she came back up and said it was bad enough below and dirty.so that night we wento to the blue bar,a tacky outside bar with a few blue lights,had to call the bar tender everytime we wanted food or drink and after a bill of over 350 dirham,he didnt get one cent tip as he was brutal.we just went to bed,the next mornign checking out took around 35 mins,they had to check the minibar but as my patience ran out and i gave a growl,we paid and went with no acknoledgement of being there.going back to the reviews,the honeymoon couple,u picked the worst place on the planet to stay,i dont know about you but i like a bit of class whatever the price.to round off,its a smelly hole,brutal staff,no manners and keep away,ur warned and sould u go ,its at ur own pearl.any questions or comments about my review:feel free to email me ....................lanemeist@gmail.com,remember not to go and if u do , dare u pay for coming early,i wud have a cardiac if someone suggested that	
Jul 24 2006 	fantastic start to our honeymoon!	We stayed in the hotel for 5 nights as part of our twin centre honeymoon. We arrived at 7 am from Manchester and when we arrived we were told we could not check in till 11 am and if we wanted the room now we would have to pay 50 pounds. We then had to wait in the hotel lobby till 11. This should really be specified in the brochure. Apart from this inconvenience we had no problems in the hotel. We loved it.The rooms were to a high standard and were very clean. The staff were all very friendly and willing to help. The breakfast is out of this world there is anything and everything you would want.We found the pool easily, we just followed the signs. You do not need to take any towels as they are provided free of charge.We ate in the hotel once, at Don Corleone' s Italian reaturant. It was superb and reasonably priced. The hotel has 12 other restaurants to choose from. You can go to the sister hotel, Habtoor resort on the beach for 10 pound each all day with a bus to the hotel. Its beautiful and a lovely setting but the drinks are very expensive.We had a fantastic time and were blown away by Dubai. The jeep safari is a must, its fantastic and so is the food, and if your budget can stretch a visit to the Burj Al Arab for a meal, we can recommend it its 7* and a once in a life time opportunity.We loved Dubai and this hotel so much we are off again next year but for longer as there is so much to do. Happy holidays	
Jun 28 2006	Worst hotel staff I have ever had the misfortune to meet.	My husband and I had booked this hotel half board, we were told we could eat in any of the resturaunts and get a credit for our evening meal. upon checking out our bill was a lot higher than expected and we found that we had been charged full price for all meals, We tried to point this out to the receptionist and manager but they didn't want to know it was a case of pay the bill to be able to get out of the hotel, haveing corresponded with the hotel since we got home to try and get our money back was a waste of time, they didn't want to know. We have been to Dubai lots of times in the past, but never been treated like this, it has totaly put us of the Habtoor Hotel Group and the Metropolitan. Would never visit this hotel again.	
Apr 18 2006	Great value for money hotel with plenty of places to eat.	We went as a group of 23 friends for 4 days from the UK. The hotel rooms were fine and exceptional clean. If you are looking for &quot;a room with a view&quot; this hotel is not for you, but we were not in our rooms long enough to worry. Yes the road outside is busy, but you cannot hear the traffic. The breakfast was excellent full american style. The staff around the hotel were very friendly, the only downside was the staff behind the reception were not very organised, which was just a lack of communication. The Old Red Lion Pub was great and reasonable priced. (as we found alcohol expensive in other hotels) Yes the pool was hard to find, but you only have to ask and someone and they will show you. Yes, there were ladies of the night in the Rattlesnake, but we did not go in there, so were not affected by them. Whilst the hotel is not next to anything specific, it is in a good location to see all the Dubai has to offer, and only 10 minutes from most tourist spots. Whislt there are nicer hotels in Dubai all 23 of us would stay the this hotel again because of the eating places and reasonable costs and the overall stay was excellent.	
Mar 13 2006	Cannot believe the traffic	Stayed for 3 nights end of Feb 2006. I have read the previous review which is spot on (person from Norfolk, England). My wife and I arrived too at about 7am in the morning. First impression - asked if we could check in, they said yes, and then tried to charge us £50...what a rip off. The room was sufficient, the pool adequate but below average and over priced drinks etc.Some general comments:-1 The traffic is very very busy. My wife and I will never go back to Dubai for this reason alone - there are no buses, no trains, you cant walk anywhere, although taxi's are cheap the shortest journey time to get anywhere was about 45 mins to travel 4-5 miles.2 The staff are hit an miss. Some really dont understand the concept of customer serice whilst others are very good.3 Food and drink very expensive (no different though to the rest of dubai).4 Breakfast average5 Do the jeep safari - great fun.Overall an average hotel for the price paid but think carefully about dubai as a holiday, the traffic and construction work will drive you mad. This will continue for at least the next 5 yrs.	
Feb 27 2006	so good we are going back	My husband and I stayed at this hotel in february for a week it was perfect!The room service was exellent the staff were so friendly.The pool area was clean and tidy.We enjoyed it so much that we have booked to stay there again in march for another week!	
Feb 20 2006	Great value for money	We stayed there my husband and I for 3 nights. The hotel had very classic decor and was a bit tired in places but has excellent resturants especially the indian resturant. The pool is great, service good and there is a shuttle to the main town. It was clean and comfortable and I wouldnt hesitate to recommend it to anyone who wants a reasonably priced hotel. If you fly emirates it also has 24hrs check in which means if you arrive early hours in the morning as we did you pay for the hours you are there ie three nights instead of 4. I'd definately go back	
Feb 18 2006 	Would we go back? - No !!!!!!	On arrival we were met with the receptionists' comment of ' you are late and should have been here yesterday!' this was after a very long flight which meant we arrived at 6.30am and all we wanted was a shower and bed! ( by the way - we werent late and had arrived on the right day!!)For the price of this hotel and the photos we were expecting something special but sadly were very disappointed - it was situated by the side of a noisy 6 lane freeway where you have to get a taxi to cross the extemely dangerous/busy road (honestly!)it was very dated with tired decor and a distinct 'musty' smell - The room was very standard and we were suprised to find no tea/coffee facilities which is very unusual for a supposed 4* - on enquiring we discovered we were expected to pay £2.50 everytime we wanted a cuppa so we bought a travel kettle at the large 'carrefoure' supermarket in the Mall of the Emirates (10 mins by bus/taxi) - the only good thing about our room was the 'cleaner' who went out of his way to make sure we didnt run out of water, etc.. and generally looked after us very well...The fish and Indian restaurants were very good if expensive (bottle of normally cheap white plonk - £25!!!) - breakfast was okay.. We discovered the pool after hunting for two days and found it to be be a quarter of the size we expected and were informed that none of our own drinks/snacks could be consumed by the pool as we were expected to purchase those on sale at greatly inflated prices again!There is quite a good English' style pub serving good food in the garden area and also another Bar (The Rattlesnake) playing live music which we found to be full of the local 'ladies of the night' ! - not what you really want on your holiday!.. All in all this hotel needs a total re-vamp and re-think - attitudes to travellers need to change dramatically (after all its us that keep them in business!) and over-pricing need to be looked at really carefully - I read an article whilst I was there in the local paper which stated that hotel/restaurant prices have increased so much in the last year that travellers are now shunning 'Dubai' as a holiday detination and choosing a lot better deals elsewhere - we will certainly be adding to those numbers - grossly over priced/over rated and very disappointing!	
Jan 24 2006	Budget Travellers Haven	Yes there are a lot more luxurious hotels in Dubai but also a lot more expensive.It's not as modern in decor as some of the newer hotels but that's what I think adds to it's charm.The rooms are a good size and clean.The shuttle bus is excellent to the Beach Hotel and the staff are fantastic.Good value for money.Would recommend this for people who want to stay for a few days in Dubai but are not too bothered about being on the beach front.I would definatley stay there again.	
Jan 6 2006	Great Little Hotel!		
Jan 2 2006	All you need for a great holiday		
Dec 16 2005 	OK but tired		
Dec 15 2005 	Avoid at all costs		
Sep 21 2005	Good hotel lots of restaurants nice pool all you'd need		
Jul 4 2005 	A Good Hotel		
Jul 1 2005	Rather "old" Dubai		
Apr 4 2005	Overpriced and needs updating		
Jun 30 2004	Out of place in Dubai		
Nov 16 2009 	Lusso a prezzi modici		
Oct 3 2009 	Sehr gut aber eher für Geschäftsleute und weniger für Strandtouristen		
Sep 20 2009 	Buena opcion en Dubai		
Oct 15 2007 	Preis Leistungsverhaeltnis schlecht		
