Jun 3 2009 	What a wonderful experience	I and my wife booked into the Rolla Residence as a part of the Emirates Stopover Package through Arabian Ventures for our honeymoon. We had a good time! They have nice swimming pool on the roof and their gym too was current. From the moment we arrived the hotel staff were vey helpful.....The rooms were neat, clean, big and self sufficient. I mean complete hotel appartment. The breakfast is average. But, internet broadband is very expensive.	
May 11 2009	Good value for money	We booked into the Rolla Residence as a part of the Emirates Stopover Package as my parents were visiting from India..all I can say is that we had a good time.From the moment we arrived the hotel staff were couteous and vey helpful.....The rooms were neat and self sufficient .....overall a good experience.A mention for the restaurant though..............the food is wholesome but not great.	
May 9 2009 	Nice residence	We were in this hotel for 3 nights. The rooms are big and clean. We have a room with kitchen, microwave oven, wash maschine, refrigerator. Breakfast were averages - not big choice. Rolla Residence has a small pool and fitness. We were in this hotel through Arabic Adventure. Transport from and to the airport was in price included.	
Mar 17 2009 	Warm reception service with a smile and pure comfort	From the moment we arrived at the hotel, we were shown the best example of hospitality. Every employee offers service with a smile. The rooms were excellent and we were able to rest after a long flight in quiet, comfortable and clean room. Rolla Residence ensure a superb stay by attending to every detail with a passion for the hospitality industry. The location of this hotel is great for shopping as it is a stone's throw away from Meena Bazaar. We took a taxi to Jumeira and Palm Islands, all promptly arranged by the hotel staff. What a memorable experience. We were impressed and will definitely stay here again.	
Jan 16 2009 	Breakfasts of instant stuff; staff diligent but gloomy	It's just me. I love service with a smile. Ideal hoteliers should enjoy feeding, making comfortable and solving problems for guests like I serve my family and friends.  Management needs to review policies to create happy atmosphere for staff and guests. Wonder if staff are happy with work and living conditions provided; I'm a victim smarting from deception escalated to bullying by management. Downtown hotel's breakfasts of suspiciously -like -leftovers (included in the package ) cannot compare with the food booths outside which smell and taste so appetizing for only 5 AED for a chai, coffee, curry or bryani - all freshly concocted not reheated to rubberiness and evaporated flavors.	
Dec 9 2008 	Our Nightmare at the Rolla Residence	We arrived at 12.30am ( myself, hubby and adult daughter) after travelling all day.On check in the man at reception said our room was not ready and would have to wait 15 minutes. The 15 minutes turned into ONE HOUR and only after we became quite agitated we were told to go up to our room.The room only had a double bed and no bed for my daughter. I rang reception and told the man, he said wait 5 minutes. After 15 minutes housekeeping arrived with a foldaway bed with a 2 inch foam mattress which was filthy dirty and what looked like a URINE STAIN.I rang reception and told the man about the mattress, he replied he couldn't do anything at that time and to tell reception the next morning.I told him I wouldn't let my dog sleep on it, let alone my daughter. So in that case I said my daughter will then come and sleep on the couch in the lobby as it looks cleaner and more comfortable then the foldaway bed.He took my bluff seriously and said he'll ring the manager. A few minutes later he rang our room and said the manager has upgraded us to a suite.The suite comprised of a bedroom, loungeroom and kitchen.In the loungeroom there was a sofabed and housekeeping made up the bed with sheets and a thin blanket. I asked for a quilt but was told a firm NO.The next morning we went to reception and asked to speak to the manager, the man said wait a minute. The manager finally presented after 15 minutes ( it seems they have no concept of time)We told the manager of our discontentment of having to wait over an hour for our room.The manager was very defensive and said they were very busy as they had a large group arriving at 2am. I told her that should not affect us, but she couldn't care less.Unfortunately we were returning again to this hotel 2 weeks later. We said to the manager to ensure that it doesn't happen again.But low and behold when we came back it was a repeat of our first nightmare.We asked reception to call a taxi and was told NO, but to go outside and hail one ourselves. So every time we wanted a taxi, the 3 of us would have to go outside in the stinking heat and hail a taxi.This was our third time in Dubai. Each time we've stayed at different hotels and we have never encountered such dreadful treatment as we encountered at the Rolla Residence.	
Oct 26 2008 	Good value hotel in downtown Bur Dubai	I stayed for a couple of nights at the hotel. The one bedroom room was large and very clean. I slept well. There is a small kitchenette area which is useful. The pool/gym areas on the roof are small and not fancy, but were adequate. The price of the hotel compared well for the ameneties on offer.Check in was easy etc. Didn't try breakfast. The hotel is located on a side street close to a number of supermarkets. Getting a taxi in my experience is not easy anywhere in Bur Dubai, and on checkout after waiting over 5 minutes with no taxis in sight, the doorman got me a lift from a local who was outside the hotel. Hence I really don't agree with the taxi comments provided in the previous thread.Locationwise is good for the Dubai Museum, Bastakiya, the Dubai souk and across the creek on an Abra to the main souks in Deira. A 15-20 minute walk to these areas. In mid October this was just about feasible but during hotter times you would need a taxi. This is not a tourist area, but a bustling, busy city centre. When you do walk about, don't expect to see many other tourists doing the same thing. For everything else in Dubai, (e.g. the beach, resort hotels etc), taxis are required and are well priced when you can get them.	
Oct 14 2008 	Excellent!!	Apartment style accomodation located in the heart of downtown Bur Dubai. Walking distance to the Dubai Museum, Dubai River, abra stations &amp; the Gold &amp; Spice souks. 24 hour supermarket directly accross the road with atm &amp; money exchange facilities. Heaps of restaurants to choose from in the area. Apartment was fully self contained with kitchen, washing machine etc.Very cheap internet access in the foyer. Was the perfect choice for a week stay in Dubai. Only a very cheap cab ride to new Dubai &amp; all the flash placs Dubai is now famous for! Cabs available out front of the hotel all times.	
Jul 1 2008 	good choice	We recently stayed here and altho initially we thought it was a little isolated, we discovered the shopping complexes in the next block were very convenient.Staff were helpful.We thought the chinese restaurant next door served good food but was not especially good value.Disappointed there were no shade areas around the roof top pool. It was far too hot up there for us to use it.	
Jun 4 2008 	5/5 Great Hotel a little treasure in a city of bright lights...	Just returned from 8-night stay at the rolla residence in a studio apartment. The hotel apartments are fantastic. The apartments are large, clean &amp; very comfortable. The food at the hotel is also good &amp; the Indian restaurant beside the apartment is great &amp; they also deliverer, but when staying in Dubai every restaurant delivers. The pool is also very good &amp; everything is near to hotel, gold souk, Burjamun centre, City Centre, Karama etc. The hotel staff are amazing! the guys on the concierge desk when not busy will even go the supermarket for you… This is not 5 star but a great alternative that is affordable when staying in Dubai for a few days. We left the Rolla Residence &amp; stayed at Grand Hyatt for 4 nights (This is one of Dubai best) we preferred the Rolla it is smaller &amp; u do not get lost in all the people you are the main focus for the staff…Contact the Rolla Residences directly : They offer great reates...Website : http://www.rollaresidence.com/	
May 12 2008 	Had a pleasant stay no complaints	We stayed at Rolla Residence for three nights as part of an Emirates Stopover Package in May 2008. We arrived at 3.30am and staff were waiting for us. We had a very clean studio apartment which was huge and had a king sized bed (very comfortable). Despite the fact there was building works going on next door, we heard nothing, especially first thing in the morning (admittedly we weren't there very much during the day). Breakfast was okay and served from 7am-10.30am. The hotel is about a 20 minute walk to the Dubai Museum. We had originally gone there so we could catch the Double Decker Hop On-Hop Off Tour Bus (Dubai Museum being one of the stops) - would definitely recommend both the Museum and the Bus (if you buy the 24 hour bus ticket you get free admission to the Museum). As to whether this hotel is in the best location, even though we have now been to Dubai, we're still not sure whether this is the best area to stay. Seemed you had to travel some distance to get to anything, but then maybe this is Dubai.	
Jan 29 2008 	lovely hotel	the hotel was very clean , the breakfast was good and inclusive, my children loved the hotel, took lessons at pool.the pool was very clean.the housekeeping staff excellent ,desk staff, ok.but be wary of booking thier associated tour company., you may want to compare with others.its a hotel apartment, we stayed in the one bedroom between 23rd december 2007 and 4th january 2008.the kitchen was so spacious and well equipped.its not far from the algubabi busstation ,with buses and taxis to most areas of dubai and other uae emirates.there is a good supermarket just accross the road, and a currency exchange.all in all a very good experience.best for families.but is fine for all.	
Jan 19 2008	Convinient Hotel	We visited this hotel as a family of five. Great hotel, within walking distance to the Creek and the Souks.Several Malls, and restaurants nearby. 20mins to the beach by taxi (very cheap). All rooms have fully equipped kitchens for self catering, supermarket across the road. Rooms clean and comfortable- huge super king bed. Roof top pool great at the end of a full day sightseeing!We had the buffet breakfast in the restaurant which was good value for money.	
Aug 17 2007 	Great all-rounder	We had a 2 day stopover in Dubai, but as we were arriving around 1am and leaving around 2:30am, we need a place that offered 24 check in. This hotel offers this and the ease of checking in and out was great. The rooms are big! The beds &amp; pillows are the best I have had travelling -- wish we could have brought them home. We wish we could have stayed longer in Dubai to make full use of this room and its facilities. As per other reviews, pretty close via taxi to most locations. Air conditioning was perfect. There is an Indian restaurant next to/connected to the hotel, and it has great food at an affordable price. We had $75AED left and 4 of us to feed. We had enough food with that price for at least 5-6 people. Concerting that into Australian money, what we paid for the whole meal, is less than what you'd pay per person here.	
Mar 18 2007 	Excellent Service!!	This was an excellent place to stay!! The bedrooms were a good size and extremely clean :) When we got to the hotel, there were no delays in getting our rooms or luggage taken upstairs. The service was exceptional and the buffet was not bad either. This hotel is close to Meena Bazaar if you would like to go there. But for everything else you will need a cab. I also recommend that you try to book tours through private personell....Don't book through the hotel. Just ask hotel staff (not managers) about booking tours privately ;) They should point you in the right direction and the tours should be significantly cheaper!If you want to cook food in your suites, there is a grocery store located close by as well. They have everything I possibly needed. Overall I would recommend this hotel to anyone---It may be cheaper than other Dubai hotels but the quality is equivalent!	
Jun 1 2006	Good value stopover hotel	We have stayed at Rolla twice and both times booked a studio appartment. The rooms are large, clean, quiet and well furnished. There is a kitchen area with a full size refrigerator, sink, microwave, toaster, electric kettle, two plate electric cooktop as well as a clothes washing machine! A drying rack is provided as well as an iron and ironing board. China, glasses and cutlery as well as pots and pans are provided. There is a good size security safe in the wardrobe. TV and phone in room. The bathroom is large with toilet, shower over the bath and a bidet. Plenty of towels are provided along with soap, shampoo and tissues. There is also a hairdryer. The air conditioning works well. A swimmming pool and gym are on the roof. Staff are friendly and well informed. The 24hr check-in/check-out is great if you have late night/early morning flights. There is a small cafe on the ground floor which serves the standard hotel breakfast and snacks during the day. A great Indian resturant is next door. There is a 24 hr supermarket just down the road with an automatic cash machine outside.Situated on Al Rolla Rd. it is a quick walk through the computer store district to the Creek and the abra (water taxi ) station. The Rolla is not a resort hotel but is well situated and great value for the short stay traveller.	
Mar 25 2006	Friendly convenient Rolla	Our stay in February, 2006 at the Rolla Residence, Bur Dubai, was made very pleasant by the very friendly and helpful staff,they were well trained and well presented. Our studio apartment was well appointed, clean and very well serviced.The residence is well postioned for shopping, restaurants and places of interest.Public transport clean, air-conditioned and inexpensive.	
