Nov 1 2009 	Perfect Hotel for doing business in Dubai	I have been in Dubai numerous times and have to say that for the convenience and cost, the Baron is by far the best. I found the staff to be very helpful, transfers to and from the airport very reasonable and timely, and the suites are just first class all the way. I will definetely stay there the next time I am in Dubai and will recommend to my friends and colleagues.	
Oct 19 2009 	BARON Hotel offers the best package (location service and price) in its 4 star class.	Stayed in and around Dubai previously and can say The BARON Hotel offers the best package (location, service and price) in its 4 star class. Location: perfect walking distance from Mall of the Emirates, Ski Dubai and train station, 10 mins taxi ride to Wild Wadi and Jumeriah etc. Service: Clean and large fully functional apartment accommodation offered ideal for families. Excellent friendly staff, nothing is too much trouble, they made the stay even smoother. Swimming pool and gym is fantastic as is the restaurant and room service.4 star hotel apartment quality for a great price, this is absolutely perfect for families. We will return.	
Mar 18 2009 	Great Hub for exploring Dubai	We stayed for 10 nights at the Baron Hotel in Dubai in a one bedroom suite. From the moment we arrived the staff was extremely friendly and helpful..checkin was a breeze. (the lobby is nothing spectacular - but, hey, we aren't talking about the Burj or the Atlantis here) The room was surprisingly large with very high ceilings and a full kitchen and 1 1/2 baths. It also featured a large balcony overlooking the Mall of the Emirates and Ski Dubai. Each day, a paper was delivered to the room and housekeeping even did our dishes!! Its location is great..(it is best to tell cab drivers to go to the Lulu Hypermarket - which is across the street and great for food shopping - or the American Academy and they will have no problem finding it) You can easily walk to the Mall (where there is also another huge hypermarket - Carrefours). As far as beaches, I would suggest the &quot;open&quot; beach by the Burj Dubai (cab fare around 15 drms) or Jumeriah Beach Park ( cab fare around 25 drms) If you have kids (our 5 yr old daughter was with us), there is a great school next door that caters to foreigners. Our daughter found many playmates there. We were really sad to leave our &quot;home in Dubai&quot; and the staff seemed genuinely sad to see us go, also. The pool was adequate (located on the roof) and there is restaurant on the top floor, however, given the number of restaurants at the mall and in the area (dominos is just down the street - fyi and they are building a KFC downstairs), we didn't take advantage of it. The only con is that there is a lot of construction in the area, however, I felt the rooms were adequately sound proofed so it didn't annoy us as much as I thought it would. Overall, our stay was fantastic and we loved Dubai!!	
