Oct 2 2009 	Spacious 	Well firstly, as someone pointed out in his review, most of the people describing London crown 1 as being grotty &amp; unclean have confused it with London crown 2, which indeed is all that. London Crown 1 is located near to the four points sheraton hotel and the standard chartered bank off al mankhool road. London crown 2(the bad one) is located in bank street area(some 50 mtrs off the main street), near burjuman center.And if I am correct London crown 1 has 2BHK &amp; 3BHK roomswhile London crown 2 has studio &amp; 1bhk roomsNow to the review of London Crown &quot;1&quot;Location : It is located in a quiet residential area off al mankool road, behind standard chartered bank. Its at a walkable distance(max 10mins) to departmental stores like spinneys and choitram , couple of decent malls,electronic shops like Jumbo and also apple store, a few nice restaurants(including KFC and Mcdonalds), and some pubs . And if you dont mind walking a bit more, then you could be in the awesome Mina bazaar after a leisurely walk of about 20 mins.And there is a convenient store right opposite to the hotel for all the daily requirements.Rooms: Well, when I walked in the room for the first time, my first words were - 'wow, thats big!'..I stayed in a 2 bhk room along with one of my office collegue. The living room was big with a LCD tv, comfy sofa set, and a dining table. The fabric of sofa set did look like it needed some urgent fresh fabric upgrade.The bedrooms had divinely comfortable queen sized double beds, CRT TVs and good storage arrangements.There were 2 bathrooms, one had a bathtub, while the other a separate shower area. Decent sized, simple, and clean.The room service did a great job daily to keep everything neat and clean.All in all rooms werespacious and clean, but the furnishings were relly outdated.Service: At times the room service was prompt and at times it gave me headaches. On my first night I asked them to give me a wakeup call at 6am as I had an important meeting..The next morning no one bothered to give me a call! Fortunately my cellphone alarm went off at 7 am , so I was only an hour late on my first day. One of the lady, who seemed to be from philippines, had a tough time comprehending english.Either they misunderstood what I wanted and brought something else, or they forgot it all together.Food: The chicken club sandwich for 23Dirhams was absolutely awesome.. I ordered it more than 20 times for about 45 days I stayed there ! The food was good, but it took really long to deliver. Sometimes it took more than an hour.There was a nice restaurant called Grand restaurant opposite to the hotel building, which served even better food (Indian, Chinese and continental) at about half the price!! We ate our dinner there almost every other day.Or you can always wander outside where there are many good lebanese, indian,continental and chinese restaurants.I didnt have to pay for my month and half stay here as I was on official business trip.I learnt however that it cost 800 Dhm per day /per room for my company..a little pricey I think taking into account the not-so-good service and outdated furnishings.	
May 15 2009 	a family hotel	a good hotel with good romms and above all a great location	
Nov 15 2007 	Stay somewhere else!!	Bad smells in rooms when we arrived. Furniture &amp; fittings very basic. Bathroom in urgent need of an update, not nice to use. The whole place could do with an 'extreme makeover'. Not recommended when there are plenty of other nicer apartment hotels in the area. Only positive was the breakfast wasn't too bad, but you paid 30dirhams whether you had tea and toast or the whole buffet.	
Apr 30 2007 	Confusion: London Crown 1 	I suspect all of the earlier reviews are actually about London Crown 2! This is the one very close to the Bur Juman Shopping Centre, just along the road from “Bank Street”. It doesn't say outside that it is London Crown 2, but it is!London Crown 1 is actually further away from the Bur Juman Centre, still walkable, but a block or so behind the Ramada Hotel. Of the two, London Crown 1 is by far the superior. I know this because a mix up in booking in March forced me to move from LC2 to LC1, which is more expensive but it is well worth the extra money. London Crown 1 is located on a much quieter street, a ten minute walk from the shopping mall. The apartments are much bigger, much better maintained and much more luxurious. The kitchens are better equipped, but still with utensils missing. (Get used to it! This is such a common problem in Dubai's serviced apartments) There is a pool and nice little cafe for meals. .London Crown 2 does indeed have rather grotty studios with bad TV reception, appalling bathrooms and very poorly equipped kitchens. The big plus being it is only a two minute stroll from the Bur Juman Centre. Forget London Crown 2, go for London Crown 1 and put up with the extra walk to the shops	
Mar 28 2006	50/50	The London Crown 1 is spacious and is in a very convinient location in Bur Dubai. The hotel provides free airport transfers which are appreciated. The negative side to the hotel though, is that the rooms are not adequately cleaned especially the bathroom and kitchen area, quite disgraceful.(Carry your own towels, the bed linen is changed daily and appears to be clean).Some staff members seem to have a racial prejudice that may make one very uncomfortable.	
Mar 25 2006	not recommended - quite dirty loud	the london crown was a pretty grotty establishment. okay it calls itself 3 star, i can live with a tv with bad reception and standard fittings, but it should be clean - which it wasnt. bathroom was VERY dirty, mould throughout. gaping holes in false ceiling where you could see wiring. paper thin doors and walls, we could hear the elevator dinging on all floors from the end of the corridor from our room with the door closedNOT recommended for the price they charge.	
Apr 21 2005	Avoid!	April 2005. The standard of accommodation is very low and certainly not up to normal tourist standards. The bathrooms and kitchens in particular are very shabby, rundown, dirty, poorly equipped. In addition, there is no pool in the hotel apartment block, only in the long term rented apartments which they do not let to tourists, even though the pool is advertised. The photos on websites advertising the apartments bear little relation to reality. The Reception admitted that they had given us a &quot;bad room&quot;, but maintained there were some good rooms. Unfortunately they were unable to show or give us one.	
Feb 7 2005	Loved the London Crown Hotel	We are still reminiscing about our fantastic stay at the London Crown Hotel. Its location is very convenient being so close to the main road and shopping centers but still away from the noise and hustle and bustle of heavy traffic and pedestrians.The lay out of the studio flat was marvelous… very cozy and big, consisting of a nice table next to the window at which one can enjoy a romantic meal and a comfortable, plush sofa to relax in while sipping drinks and a queen size bed that was indeed very warm and inviting. The kitchen was opening out towards the bedroom and thankfully there was a door closing the kitchen compartment from the bedroom/living area so “when you walk out of your flat no you don’t smell of the food you just cooked!”The kitchen however can do a bit better with more equipment and it would have been nice if bottles of drinking water were provided so that the guests don’t have to go out the day you check in itself just to buy some water to drink.The breakfast was fantastic.. There was a spread of Western and Indian cuisine and it was scrumptious. Spending a couple of days at the London Crown and having breakfast at the same place we were skeptical as to whether we will be bored with the breakfast if it was the same thing, from the same place day in and day out, but it was not the case and we did not tire of the breakfast at all… it was simply wonderful and we really looked forward to it.The front desk staff could have been a bit more polite especially when it came to the complimentary airport transfer, which should be understood is something that the guest does not have to worry about. On the whole however, the staff were very good and attentive to all our needs.Paying $64 for the studio flat per night and that wonderful breakfast was really monies worth and we will surely pick the London Crown Hotel the next time around!	
