	It is the best hotel I have ever visited	Really, this hotel is number 1 in my list of all hotels I have visited before (and I visited a lot...). You can feel yourself visiting not another hotel in your life, just the paradise. Pool is amazing, staff is very friendly, service is excellent, rooms are large, everything is so calm and sophisticated. I loved the place and the atmosphere! Very well done :)	
Nov 20 2009 	First trip to Dubai	Went with husband on business, I stayed by the pool. Great spa, FANTASTIC Thai restaurant. lovely calm atmosphere. Will use it again 	
Nov 7 2009 	peaceful lovely position and excellent service	After spending months trying to decide on a hotel, found this hotel, which is lovely, beautiful position and peaceful, no cranes and service excellent. Staff very friendly and nothing too much trouble. Room excellent, large, beautiful bathroom, clean and a lovely view overlooking the marina. Breakfast is vast with choice of cooked, always plentiful. The hotel is situated in a prime postion with plenty of restaurants to choose from without having to get a taxi. Aquarium restaurant in Yacht club lovely if you like fish and a nice walk along the marina from hotel. Shopping Mall situated over main road from hotel, and a buggy will take you to the end of the drive so not far to walk. The grounds of the hotel are lovely and the swimmiing pool beautiful with plenty of palm trees for shade as well as sun. The pool attendant was at hand every move and nice to be able to relax around a pool without children running around and spoiling the peace and quiet. Ideal for couples and mature who want piece and quiet. If exploring Dubai note that the traffic can be a nightmare and it took us 3hrs to get back from the other end of Dubai to hotel one evening. Had a wonderful break after spending first 3 days at the first Grand Prix in Abu Dhabi and driving onto Dubai. Highly recommend Park Hyatt for a relaxing holiday withot the cranes and skyscrapers. Worth visiting Burj al Arab just for afternoon tea, more like a meal even though expensive, but views from restaurant on 27th floor are amazing especially seeing the sun go down over the Palm resort. Not rushed to leave, but disappointed by the grounds and pool, not very big.Thank you Park Hyatt for a lovely stay, hope to return again.	
Nov 6 2009 	UNFORGETTABLE	just awe inspiring.This hotel is the essence of luxury, the suite we booked was massive with all the luxury touches you expect from this quality.Hotel grounds very well keppt and pretty.Would have liked better travel connections but that is just a minor quibble.It made an amazing wedding anniversary for us and i truly recommend it.	
Oct 27 2009 	cheated	We would love to be able to write a rave review about this hotel which we had booked through Dubai Hotels and Resorts for 2 nights in November. The booking was paid for in full by credit card and confirmed. Six days after making the reservation, we received a very apologetic telephone call from Dubai Hotels &amp; Resorts to say that the hotel had decided to virtually double the cost for 2 nights from a total of £596 to over £1150 for 2 nights - pretty much a 100% increase in price. The explanation being that this was because of the Dubai Air Show. Firstly, as this is less than a month away, the Park Hyatt cannot have been in ignorance about the forthcoming airshow and their tariff set accordingly. Secondly, when a reservation has been made, paid for and confirmation received, it is simply unacceptable to increase the price retrospectively.Behaviour like this is pretty shoddy and in many places in the world would be unacceptable. Once payment is made, there is a contract between the parties. If we had not been able to find alternative accommodation we could have had a real problem with the Park Hyatt Dubai.	
Oct 27 2009 	Highly Recommend	The hotel is an oasis in the middle of a hectic city. The Arabic restaurant buffet is terrific. The breakfast is outstanding. The entire experience is wonderful. Loved that someone brings slices of watermelon around the pool. A lovely touch. Amex Platinum is running a buy two get one free with a $100 spa credit, free breakfast and possible upgrade. My room worked out to somewhere around $220 which is a true steal.	
Oct 16 2009 	Wonderful Location	Like other reviewers we stayed here as part of a deal with Emirates. The rooms are huge and superbly equipped. For the staff nothing was too much trouble. The room overlooked the Creek so had a lovely view. We also played golf on Dubai Creek course which is all part of the same complex. Would love to visit here again, but when the weather is a bit cooler for the golf !	
Oct 3 2009 	An oasis of calm in a busy city	We had 3 wonderful days here as part a package with Emirates when we booked our air tickets (so I am unable to comment on value for money). The hotel is just minutes from the airport and across the road from a big shopping mall - but you would never know. It is so quiet and peaceful. Our room had stunning views of the marina and city and, as it faced west, offered spectacular sunsets. As another reviewer has mentioned, the hotel is even nicer by night as hundreds of candles are used to illuminate walkways, steps and seating areas. Our room was extremely well appointed with a fabulous bath and shower. Breakfasts were VERY good with the usual buffet of fruit and pastries plus some delicious Arabic dishes - most of which I tried and loved! Staff were really helpful and friendly. Thank you Park Hyatt for a super start to our holiday!	
Sep 20 2009 	complete luxury	We stayed here for the first night of our honeymoon and absolutely loved it! We were upgraded to a spa suite overlooking the creek. The staff were fantastic and really spoilt us. The rooms are very sleek and the pool is large with plenty of palm trees for shade. If we ever return to Dubai (fingers crossed) we will certainly stay here again!	
Sep 17 2009 	great hotel	on our way to Mauritius we stayed for three nights at the Park Hyatt in Dubai end of August 2009.We had rooms with direct access to the garden with a partial view on the creek.Rooms were perfect with big bathrooms. The staff is international and perfect. The pool was in perfect condition. The Cafe Arabesque , where breakfast is being served, is a bit sterile and I had expected a wider variety on food to be served for breakfast. Warm dishes have to be paid for seperately. We enjoied the french restaurant and smoked some waterpipes on the terrace. Due to Ramadan and outside temperatures of about 38 degrees Celsius the hotel was not well booked. Consierge and front office staff were very helpful in advising shoppingmalls and restaurants.	
Sep 17 2009 	A gorgeous retreat on Dubai Creek	We stayed in the Park Hyatt for a night in July and loved it. Often overlooked because of its position on the Creek rather than at the Marina end of town, the Park Hyatt is the perfect quiet retreat for a couple of nights away. We were offered an upgrade on check-in (possibly because Dubai is very quiet in July due to the heat) and our room was stunning. The bed looked out of the floor to ceiling glass doors straight onto the creek and the stand-alone bath with candle and matches provided was the perfect romantic extra.The swimming pool is lovely and there is a pool bar which serves great drinks and lunchtime snacks, none of which are over priced.We didn't use the restaurants during our stay as the hotel was so quiet but I have visited both the French and Thai restaurants on other occasions and they are superb.The spa at the Park Hyatt is also my favourite in Dubai. The couples room allows you to have a massage together then relax in the outdoor rain shower. The therapists are also of a really high standard.This is definitely one of the best hotels in Dubai. It isn't ideal for long stays if you're looking to be close to the nightlife or other hotels (although taxis are cheap so don't be too put off) but it is perfect for a few nights of relaxation. It is also ideally located for exploring the older parts of Dubai.Note that, unlike lots of hotels in Dubai, you can't pay to use the facilities at the Park Hyatt.	
Sep 15 2009 	What a fabulous hotel - one of the best	I have stayed at some fabulous hotels in my time but this has to be one of the best. From the moment we walked in the door to the moment we left we felt like we were being cosseted. The staff were all very friendly, courtesy and helpful. The bedrooms are spectacular, large but not too large, lovely view over the creek and towards the city. The pool and oasis of quiet especially compared to other hotels we have stayed at in Dubai. We had to get an early morning flight so they organised for us to have room service for breakfast with no extra charge. The breakfast came on time with a hot draw so we had hot croissants and everything was served on the trolley which turned into a table - we even had flowers on the table. The waiter even arranged for the porter to come and collect our cases whilst we were having breakfast. We were there during Ramadan so most of the restaurants were closed during the day. We only had one hiccup and that was we wanted to have the Iftar experience but were advised to eat at 8 p.m. We were told that we would get the same atmosphere as if we were to book earlier. When we arrived in the restaurant there were a handful of peole and they were laying up for breakfast. It was totally atmosphereless. We cancelled our table and went to eat in the Thai restaurant as Le Traiteur was closed that night. We had the most fantastic Thai food we have eaten anywhere and the service was excellent. We will definitely stay there again when we go to Dubai - normally it is only for a couple of days so it is not too much of a hardship not to have the beach.	
Sep 13 2009 	Astounding hotel - sets the standard	A beautiful hotel in great surroundings with the service to match. Great rooms with spa bathrooms in most and cuisine is excellently presented and made. It ranks amongst the best hotels I have stayed in the world and is beautifully built. Do get a room with a view of the city, it is nice at night. Faultless, will always endeavour to stay here when I am in this great city.	
Aug 31 2009 	Amazing hotel...	I have stayed at the Park Hyatt Dubai a number of times and enjoyed every minute of each trip! Service is impeccable, rooms are beautiful and the service is second to none, the food is delicious and I have enjoyed some of the best spa treatments in the world while there. Will be back again soon.	
Aug 28 2009 	Great stay!	My partner and I stopped over in Dubai on our way to Asia and really liked the Park Hyatt. Overall service was great and our room was fantastic. We would love to go back!	
Aug 28 2009 	Great Stay	I was a bit nervous staying in Dubai having passed through it on several occassions for work and experienced what must be one of the busiest business lounges in the world. This time I was travelling with my wife to Thailand and thought I would take advantage of Emirates 2 free night stay when flying business class. After looking at the three options we choose the Park Hyatt. We were so glad we did, from our arrival to our departure it was a wonderful stopover. Our room was brilliant including a bath in the middle of the bathroom including a loofa sponge which my wife loved. The view from the room was over Dubai creek with the city at night offering a great backdrop. We enjoyed the pool and the cocktails on several occassions and the breakfast was superb. We also ate out at the Aquarium restaurant nearby which provided delicious food. With the metro coming on line in just over a month it will be interesting to see how that makes things more accessbile, otherwise you have to use a taxi or car. I plan to stay at the hotel again on another business trip I am taking next year. I also hope to play a round of golf if time permits on the golf course next door beside Dubai creek.	
Aug 22 2009 	Great Hotel Service not so great	Just came from a getaway weekend and we expected a lot from Park Hyatt.The Hotel, the rooms and the restaurants are fantastic.Great Location and nice place to stay.But the service didn´t impress me at all.At Check In they ask you twice if you had a nice flight, when they saw from our National IDs that we live in Dubai, At check Out they asked again about the flight.....The room was perfect but one of the towels, that had something similar to a bugle on it.The paid tv was not working after 20 minutes of watching the movie but they didn´t put it on the bill.Breakfast was inclusive on the rate, but they tried to charge it, when we showed them the confirmation of Rate inclusive of Breakfast., their answer was : Sir, Inclusive means you have to pay it separately.... we complained and the manager took it out of the bill.... what a fool receptionist.The Hotel is great , one of the best in Dubai anyway	
Aug 20 2009 	Magical property especially at night	Great location when you don't want the beach (too hot at this time of year) with a beautiful pool area that really is an oasis. The public areas are well appointed and the lighting is very atmospheric. Food at Cafe Arabesque and The Terrace were very good with excellent views of Dubai Creek. Right next door to the Dubai Creek Golf Club with privileges for guests.Though it was great.	
Aug 8 2009 	Great Hotel quiet nice views	This was my third stay at the hotel, but the first time with an infant. It takes a while to get to the room, but the rooms are spacious, nice calming interiors. One of my favourite stays in Dubai. Right next to the city center, close to the airport and other malls.	
Jul 26 2009 	An oasis of calm and tranquility in this glitzy city	I have never had any inclination whatsoever to go to Dubai. Everything I have read about it and seen is what I don't like, glitzy and busy, a gilded Blackpool for people with too much money and no taste. So why did I go - well to be honest we had flown with Emirates to Delhi on business and they were offering first and business class passengers free stopovers in Dubai at 5 star hotels, so curiosity got the better of me, and a free two night stay in a luxury hotel to break the journey after a very busy two weeks in India seemed too good to miss. The hotels on offer were Atlantis (to me it looked like a Holiday Camp for the likes of Paris Hilton, a Jumiera in the business district and the Park Hyatt. After reading the reviews of all three hotels on Trip Advisor there was only one choice, to me at least, and that was the Park Hyatt. The hotel is lovely - one of the few low rise hotels in Dubai and set on the Marina and Dubai Creek so it is calm, tranquil and not at all noisy. We arrived and were greeted at reception by lovely welcoming staff who informed us we had been upgraded from a Park Room to a Deluxe King. Douglas showed us to the room and gave us all the information we needed about the hotel. He was very charming indeed.The room was modern but very comfortable with two plush armchairs and a large footstool, ample workdesk, large balcony with two comfortable chairs and a table and a lovely view of the Creek and Marina. The bathroon was gorgeous with rose scented bath salts and a big free standing bath in the centre, large walk in shower,two sinks and all other mod cons, The televison had a good selection of channels and there was also a dvd player. What we liked very much about this hotel is you get two free hours of internet access in your room every 24 hours, rare for a 5 star hotel as most normally have the nerve to charge for wifi, which is really ridiculous.The pool is just gorgeous, big and comfy beds, big fluffy towels and lots of palm trees so even in the heat the pool was shaded and cool. The layout of the pool is great, perfect for serious swimmers, which I am one but it also has lots of little alcoves with jacuzzi jets to sit and relax in. The pool attendants were attentive and prompt bringing drinks and changing towels.We had dinner in the Arabesque restaurant on the first night and it was good, but the restaurant lacked atmosphere, although the service was very good. On the second night we ate in the Thai restaurant and it was very good indeed, with a good atmosphere and excellent service.I didn't use the spa but it looked good. I did use the beauty salon for a manicure and pedicure. This is not part of the hotel but leased out. It was only ok, they should offer pedicures in the Spa as I am sure they would be better there.We literally didn't venture out of the hotel but just enjoyed the rest and relaxation after a very hectic two weeks in India. Therefore I cannot really comment on Dubai but what we did see of it , it was very clean and the staff we encountered were very helpful.I am now curious to see what Dubai is really like, so I would return to this hotel. It is very peaceful and relaxing and I liked the location and the fact it is low rise instead of some massive skyscrapper. If we return to Dubai I would stay here again and would recommend the hotel for anyone looking for a relaxing and luxurious break.	
Jul 14 2009 	Fabulous	Firstly the bad points..............ExpensiveA little isolated up a long but private drivewayNo taxis calling, just overpriced limosBut lots of good points. Very professional quiet hotel, with fabulous rooms, amazing bathrooms with giant baths, very attentive service and lovely views. Food is also expensive but very nice. The pool is quiet and wonderful.I would suggest a great hotel if you can get a good deal, but to be left alone at rack prices	
Jul 13 2009 	Almost but not quite a 5 Star hotel	We stayed in a Park Deluxe King room for three nights. We also had some friends from the UK staying too. We are Dubai residents.Check-in was nicely handled and friendly, as indeed were all the staff for our stay with whom we had contact. The hotel portrays a serene and relaxing environment, which it achieves very well. The rooms are well proportioned and modern with very comfortable beds. The pool was a very relaxing area with plenty of shade should you need or want to escape out of the blazing hot sun at this time of year.The down sides to our stay were that we had to call housekeeping at 4pm to come to clean our room, as nobody had been in earlier in the day. Tea and coffee were only available from room service at an outrageous cost even by Dubai hotel standards, as were the prices of the other room service food and drinks.Breakfast at 140Dhs is expensive by Dubai hotel standards. A short walk down the road to The Boardwalk produces a gut busting, table groaning size American breakfast for 164Dhs for two people, and is probably far better quality too.No ironing board and iron were provided in the room, which I would have expected in a hotel of this standard. It took two telephone calls before one appeared.It seemed as though the hotel was only partly open due to the downturn in business. Some sections of the hotel seemed to be closed off to save energy etc, hence at check in we had the choice of a twin room or a king room. The king room which we took was a fair distance from the pool and reception as it turned out, yet there were probably no more than 50 people staying in the hotel, so why push us inot a far away corner away from everything???We ventured to other restaurants around Dubai with our friends, but I'd strongly recommend that if you need a taxi to make sure the concierge call for a Dubai taxi. We asked for a taxi on our first night and one of the hotels cars arrived. We were charged three times the rate of a normal taxi - an absolute rip off and an easy money making scam that hotel guests will fall for.Overall a slightly disappointing stay where the ambience and friendliness of the staff were out weighed by the level of service shortfalls and what we considered excessive costs for food, drinks and hotel provided transport.	
Jun 29 2009 	Amazing rooms hotel	Fabulous rooms,..,....mine opened up to a pier where i was able to sit and relax in the evning and watch little boats go by.... at a distant i was able to enjoy the partial skyline view of dubai's many buildings including the world's tallest building which was still under construction at the time i was there....I love the unique bathroom / room concept. The room is broken into two, at one end there is a bath tub and the toilet is in a separate area....and the bed is on the oppsite side - if i move the curtain i could enjoy the pier and the buildings at a distant... the sights from the rooms were fabulous at night.	
Jun 19 2009 	Areal oasis in Dubai	My third visit to this hotel and for me one of the nicest places to stay in this ‘artificial’ and ‘glitzy’ city. All is relaxed, cool, calm and peaceful. The well maintained grounds are full of birds, the swimming pool area is delightful, it never feels crowded, all rooms have balconies overlooking the Creek and it is very convenient for the airport. Staff are generally charming without being overbearing, although on this trip I missed some of those that had made a more positive impression last time around.Timeless bedrooms are easy and comfortable (great beds and bedding) but I felt starting to show signs of their age, stained carpet, damaged wall plaster (where the desk chair knocks against a corner), basin waste not working (for a second time - although repaired when reported) and storage space is somewhat limited. Housekeeping was good – but on this occasion somewhat erratic in timing – on my first day the room was not serviced until about 3pm and turndown was conducted at 9.45pm (on subsequent days it was done before 5 pm). As a Gold Passport member my complimentary morning beverage was not provided until the third morning of my stay. Despite these minor niggles I am fond of the hotel (particularly at the current very attractive summer rates) and would happily stay here again.Recommended for those seeking peace and relaxation without a building site in view!	
Jun 1 2009 	Would i stay again - yes with some better details	I stayed at the Park Hyatt recommended by friends, I stayed in the Park suite for 4 nights Thurs-Mon. The hotel was room/suite was very comfortable, the food good and the relaxed atmosphere was just excellent. Breakfast was perfect and the pool was incredible, had about 8 strawberry smoothies! As the hotel occupancy is quiet at the moment the pool area was easy to choose a spot - i recommend a dip at 10.00 in the evening too! You do need a taxi/car to travel around, however after visiting other hotals for lunch which feels like your visiting a market it is sanctuary to return to the hotel.Downside - I booked with breakfast- on check in told not so, I was ready to fly back that morning (principles) - also was charged for a breakfast when returned home to England after it was removed from the bill - check your credit card statement - not impressed by this at all! I asked for the Times newspaper and this took 3 days to correct each morning! Small details i know but a holiday break (not a cheap one) you expect right 1st time!I have to say that the Burj (the colourful sail) is better for detailed service - but the decor is terrible! Ask the concierge to book you in for dinner - best of both worlds.Would i choose the Park Hyatt - Yes, either for a solo vist, romantic getaway - (be careful i imagine marriage would be a close one after this!) or a perfect family getaway.The grounds are good the decor relaxing and the staff are friendly - you would enjoy the Park Hyatt - shopping prices are just as they are in London except cogarettes are cheaper. All in all a very relaxing hotel and quality in one - Enjoy!	
May 28 2009 	Loved The Hospitality	The hotel is very big and the staff are absolutely brilliant...they pay attention to the smallest details and make sure you have a pleasant stay...there are three hyatt hotels in dubai and i found this one the best...i have also stayed at the grand hyatt dubai	
May 23 2009 	Lovely quiet hotel	We spent two nights in Dubai following a cruise. We had originally planned to stay at the Jumeirah, but then friends convinced us to stay closer to the old town area for proximity to shopping (our preference vs. beach) and we settled on the Park Hyatt, which is reportedly one of Hyatt's &quot;leading properties&quot;. It really is a beautiful hotel, on the creek and near a golf course. The hotel itself is low-rise (odd in Dubai!) and my husband called the design &quot;gangly&quot;, because it was a bit of a walk from the lobby to our room. Our room was large, with a balcony accomodating two chairs overlooking the creek. One of its selling points is the peace and quiet and calm amid the frenzy that is Dubai. This is certainly true and we enjoyed it, but you have to be sure that this is what you want in a hotel. Some people prefer more visible activity within and outside their hotel. Our only complaints would be (1) the bathroom is large, but it always felt like there wasn't enough light and (2) the bathroom design is kind of strange -- there is a bathtub right in the middle of the room so that at night in the dark you run the risk of bumping into the bathtub as you make your way to the toilet.We especially liked the small restaurant with tables right along the marina walkway. We liked its casual ambience (looking across the creek at the skyline) AND they make a great hamburger!We wanted a tour of Dubai and the concierge recommended hiring one of their drivers for a few hours to take us around. This turned out to be a great decision. He was a delightful Pakistani living in Dubai and took us everywhere and described everything very well.Would we stay here again? We would definitely choose to stay in this area again (vs. the beach). We would probably stay here again or consider the Grand Hyatt nearby.	
May 16 2009 	Stylish place	Wonderful hotel conveniently located near to airport and on the creek. Peaceful and tranquil. The hotel is well spread out so you don;t get the feeling of hustle and bustle that you often get in other hotels. I've been in a few 5* hotels in Dubai and this must be one of the nicest I've been. Staff were friendly, welcoming and professional. Rooms immaculately clean with great huge bathrooms. The hotel is set out in grounds with a golf course and yacht club. Great Thai restaurant on site which is very popular for Friday brunch with the locals. Nice chill out terrace by the Creek for evening drinks and food. Very nice swimming pool surrounded by palm trees.	
May 10 2009 	What a Stay!	From the view of a 13 year old.We stayed here at the Park Hyatt as an alternative to the Grand Hyatt which was full. We thought we were getting the cheaper option but boy were we wrong. We were greeted on arrival at 6:00 in the morning at the front desk very kindly. They had already made our rooms, which was amazing considering we arrived at 6:00 in the morning and usual check out time was at 10:00 or 11:00. We had one standard twin and one king suite, each came with a rollaway (which was very nice by the way). I am 1 of 4 kids in my family and the three eldest of us got into the standard twin while my parents and the little one fit easily into the suite. The suite came with complimentary internet access but the standard didn’t. They were both located on the bottom floor in front a large patch of grass. The Park Hyatt Dubai is located on Dubai Creek right next to the very nice Dubai Creek golf course (2 minutes walking along the creek). The course had a short par 3, 9 hole course as well as a championship 18 hole course. The Park Hyatt was a 20 minute drive from the city and a 20 minute drive from the airport. We were in Dubai visiting relatives which were only 20 – 30 minute drive from their houses. The hotel had a very nice clean pool, a business center, spa and massage center, lounge, and three restaurants. They had one Thai restaurant, one for breakfast, and one for dinner as an alternative to the Thai. We did not eat dinner at the hotel but the breakfast was out of this world. They had a large buffet with pastries, cereal and more along with an a la carte menu with amazing pancakes and waffles (all I had for 7 breakfasts). They also provide you with transfers to and from wherever you want to go. The park Hyatt was an amazing hotel and now we have lots of points to spend on free nights! 5 starsJetprivelage number = [--]	
May 10 2009 	Excellent for business and tourists	I stayed at the Park Hyatt during a business seminar we had in March 2009. Its an excellent place. Tucked away from the hustle and bustle it is a very green property situated on the creek near the floating bridge and Al Maktoum bridge. The rooms are huge with luxurious facilities. The bathroom is just fabulous. The overhead shower is on the ceiling and so large it gives one the feelign of standing below a waterfall. The bathtub is in the main area, large and with bath salts etc completed. The toileteries are of the best quality and the large shaving mirror so convenient. The balcony outside the room looks over the creek and has some good views.The food is very American and I did not like the variety at all thought he taste is decent.Good place whether for tourists or businessmen.	
May 9 2009 	Serene retreat in the heart of Dubai	Exquisite property with stunning views of the Dubai creek. The rooms and public areas as elegant, with a sense of place yet not the usual in your face gaudy design that has become prevalent at so many five star hotels in Dubai. Understated and classy are the words I would use to describe it. The King rooms are wonderful for the single business traveler as the bathroom opens out and you can see the creek while shaving / brushing etc. Service is mixed, for the most part very good, but on occasion have had issues to bell desk taking long to pick up luggage on departure. The Thai Kitchen is outstanding, some the best Thai food I have had anywhere, including Thailand. I usually go to eat Thai food there even if not staying in Dubai. The bar by the creek has a wonderful marina / maritime feel to it. The gym equipment was good, but not great and the spa is among the best I have experienced in the region. Not the most bustling of hotels like the ones in Jumeirah, but for the business traveller with work on the airport side of the creek - there isn't a better option.	
May 1 2009 	Fantastic Hotel Great staff superb service but a little expensive	After an overnight flight with little sleep and the &quot;marathon&quot; from the gate to the exit at the airport I was looking forward to getting to the hotel for some relaxation. I was not disappointed. After a short (15mins) ride from the airport we were welcomed by about 5 staff that couldn't do enough for us. We arrived early morning and not expecting our rooms to be ready until lunchtime was expecting the usual “leave the cases at reception and come back later attitude”. This was certainly not the case. We checked in smoothly and were told our rooms would be ready in about an hour. We were offered use of the breakfast restaurant or the spa whilst we were waiting. We chose the breakfast option. A choice awaited us of either the buffet or something from the breakfast menu. We opted for just coffee and juice at first, which just kept coming, then a selection of fresh fruit, meats, cheeses and pastries. A receptionist then found us and informed us that our rooms were ready and issued us with our room keys. The room was fantastic. The view of the marina and the impressive Dubai skyline was breathtaking. The shower was absolutely exhilarating, the large sunflower head giving you that tropical rain feeling. The only criticism about the room was the lack of tea and coffee making facilities. The pool area is stunning, if a little shaded by palm trees and the hotel buildings. We found an area with sunshine pouring down on us and wondered why these were not already taken. We soon found out, basking under the midday sun. My travel companions found it too hot and asked for a shade if possible. This was bought over and made them happy. So on to the pool menu. Good choice for snacking around the pool, but, I thought very expensive, about £7 for a bottled beer and £14 for a burger. I suppose it was made worse by the weak pound at the moment. The food was excellent though.The evening started off with cocktails on &quot;The Terrace&quot;. Again, be prepared to ask your bank manager for a mortgage if you wish to do this too often. We decided to try the restaurant at the Dubai Creek Golf Club, which is in the same complex as the hotel, as we had not yet ventured out of the hotel. It's only a short walk, but the golf buggy ride was an experience. The food at the golf club is great and more reasonably priced. They also have Stella and Strongbow on draft at about £4 a pint. At night all the areas of the hotel are lit up by candle and the pool area by oil lamps. A swim at this time is thoroughly recommended for a truly romantic experience.The hotel staff were always pleasant and pleased to see you. They always seem to be servicing the rooms as every time we went out, day or night, everything was back in its place.This was a wonderful place to stay for a few days, but any longer and I would have had to resort to just eating the free fruit and water left in the room!	
Apr 23 2009	Relaxing place	Excellent location. Can see the Marina. Shopping mall is walking distance. Good property to even just walk around	
Apr 4 2009 	A peaceful alternative in Dubai	We stayed at the Park Hyatt for a long weekend in March 2009 and were pleased with the overall standard of the hotel. It is a low rise, peaceful and discreet alternative to some of the more flashy Duabi hotels.Check in was a nightmare though - we arrived at 2am, very tired from our flight and they kept us waiting over half an hour before finding us a room. Evventually they had to upgrade us, but they were avoiding doing this as much as possible - not good service consdiering we could have booked in 12 hours earlier!Our room was a spa room with a mega powerful spa shower, and spa bed and chair in the bedroom - they didn't really add anything to the overall experience. However the room was roomy and well-equipped and had a lovely balcony. The hotel pool is large with lots of sunbeds, but quite a lot of shade from palm trees and sunbeds in the sun are at a premium.Meals and drinks within the hotel are very expensive, but taxis downtown only cost a couple of pounds.I'm not sure we'd return, but it was a pleaant few days in a comfortable hotel.	
Apr 3 2009 	Great Hotel	I love this hotel in Dubai. Not the normal high rise business hotel. Very relax environment, i love it!!!The only problem is the location. It's little far from my office, so there's a 20 mins cab ride every morning.... that's if I'm lucky with traffic.The breakfast was divine.... although very expensive.Highly recommended	
Mar 8 2009 	You either like Dubai or …	You either like Dubai or … well passing through is probably the best idea – so if you find yourselves doing so we can recommend the Park Hyatt as being a quiet non building site spot – good views, nice grounds going down to the creek. Quiet and discreet, sophisticated and limited bling. Service was excellent and friendly.Good size room, we had a Park Deluxe King, well furnished but not over the top. Comfortable, great bathroom. Hotel car transfers were good – Hyatt have a booth at the airport after customs and before you get to the public space. Hotel car was good value by the hour for general touring.	
Feb 20 2009 	Best in Business in Dubai	I just could not believe my eyes when I entered the huge estate in the heart of Dubai where Park Hyatt is located. It is an oasis in a concrete jungle in every sense. The welcome was flawless at reception and then the long walk to my room in block 1 (there are five blocks I was told) was full of surprises in form of lighting arrangements (candle lit), carpet selection and the well laid out lounge in between. The view from the room was unparalleled. No city hotel can offer this kind of a resort feel. Food at The Thai restaurant where I had dinner was very authentic and delicious. The view of the Marina from the terrace was so soothing. My short stay of just one night and a day and half was too short to discover other attractions of the property. I must say that those who are planning a trip to Dubai must try and consider Park Hyatt. It will live up to any expectation. I am certainly going back soon.	
Feb 5 2009	Wow- Park Hyatt Dubai is amazing	What can i say??!!! This hotel is stunning. The staff, the setting, the rooms, the food, the ambiance, the facilities, the spa - every single minute of our four day stay here was superb. We had spent 2 weeks in Austraila and stopped here on our way back to Ireland - it was as if Austrailia never happened! This hotel made the Dubai leg of our honeymoon exceptional and my husband has promised to take me back - i can't wait.	
Jan 27 2009 	Surprisingly special; classy Dubai hotel	This was not one of the 'recommended' hotels that my well travelled friends suggested but we stayed here anyhow as we were just 'passing by' Dubai and didn't feel like splurging on the more expensive hotels there. Moreover, we find that the Park Hyatt's achieve a nice balance between offering a consistently good-looking hotel without being dull, and for those who like staying at 5-star hotels, it's relatively affordable.Even though we had a very short stay (just 2 days), this hotel definitely 'surprised on the upside' with some points worth pointing out.- The food is fabulous, even for Dubai standards, which already features excellent food. We ate only at Cafe Arabesque -- for breakfast and lunch -- and they are able to offer a wide range of food, all done extremely well. We also ate at Michelin star restaurants at other hotels but our favorite is still this hotel 'coffee shop,' amazingly.- The hotel is very tastefully done, if this is what you care for -- and in Dubai, you definitely get a range of styles -- we also visited the Atlantis, which was quite a (shocking) eye-opener. The Park Hyatt is like an oasis within a city -- like the Sukhothai in Bangkok.- The staff is really very friendly and somehow, and for what's it's worth, the housekeeping is very meticulous and tidy. (I'm just noticing this as we're at the W Hotel Maldives right now with housekeeping that doesn't bother to wipe the crumbs off our coffee tables and forget to re-fill toilet paper.)The main shortcoming: the hotel is only 10 minutes from the airport but 20-30 minutes from the main parts of the city, where most of the 'action' is -- so this may or may not be what you are looking for.	
Jan 13 2009 	A classy option in a distinctly unclassy city	After sleeping in a bivouac for a week in the mountains of Oman, any bed would have seemed like heaven, but the stay at the Park Hilton was incredible - really superb.I had stayed at their Tokyo hotel (which is somewhat of a flagship for the group) and I am pleased to say the Dubai operation is very, very good indeed.The location is very central and close to everything, whilst being an oasis of quiet near some very busy roads (you can't hear them). The architecture is perhaps the best thing - islamic, very understated and cool.We ate at the Thai Kitchen twice - very nice and the pool menu is also delicious (the sugar cane BBQ chicken would be a candidate for last meal if my number was up on death row).Staff very friendly (all been trained to say hello and ask how you are - but it comes across as being very natural).Pool area is quite shaded, which for January meant moving a lot to get some rays- for the rest of the year, this would be a bonus.A few annoyances - (1) room keys only worked 25% of the time (a pain when reception is so far away) (2) The concierge wasn't the greatest [said the Sevens stadium was &quot;15 minutes&quot; away to watch AC Milan promo game - it took us 1 &amp; 1/2 hours in traffic and even the taxi driver said you can only do it 45 minutes on an empty road - maybe the concierge owns a Ferrari? In my opinion he told my girlfriend what she wanted to hear to get a tip in getting the tickets. (3) I arrived after my girlfriend and even though she booked it in her name, they basically treated her as some kind of freak as she wasn't with a man - they need to improve this element of their service model. (4) Getting a Dubai taxi instead of a hotel car is very hit or miss [cost of each to the airport which is 10 mins away? 28 dhirams vs 220 dhirams!]Overall though - very relaxing in a very well thought out hotel. Having eaten at a lot of the it's competitors over the course of the week - the Park Hyatt is the best the city has to offer.	
Jan 4 2009 	Park Hyatt Dubai - a peaceful oasis in the heart of Dubai	I like Dubai and it was great to escape to some warmer weather on our recent trip. It was even better that we ended up staying at the Park Hyatt Dubai, as this hotel was away from the crowds and construction that you find in so many other locations.We were toying with the idea of staying at a hotel on the beach, but decided that with the sightseeing and shopping we wanted to do it would make more sense to stay in a more central location. Some of the beach hotels are more than 45 minutes away from the old, more interesting parts of town.As described in some other reviews, Park Hyatt Dubai is a luxury hotel right on the creek. Our room, like most others I'd imagine, had stunning, peaceful views of the marina and the creek from our private balcony. In the distance we could see the Burj Dubai (tallest building in the world) that is still under construction.If you are looking for glitz and glamour and the &quot;see and be seen&quot; scene, this is not your hotel.The hotel feels private, exclusive and relaxed. There are no kids, really, no large parties, no major groups taking over the hotel. The service is low key, but attentive.This is not a hotel for kids. There are no kids facilities, really, and frankly, the swimming pool is stunning, but not really suitable for kids. As mentioned by others, the pool is surrounded by palm trees, so there is a lot of shade, but the excellent pool attendant is happy to help you find the sunniest spot available. The pool lounges are comfortable, with white cotton covers and thick cushions. The hotel is laid out in four buildings that are each about 3-5 stories tall. The buildings are connected by glass hallways that offer a view of the gardens and the pool by day. At night, large candles light up the way to your room from the reception area.The restaurants were great, especially the breakfast at Cafe Arabesque was excellent. The focus seemed to be more on quality than quantity, with some of the best croissants and pastries I have ever had! A chef is available at the buffet and will tell you all about the various dishes - yogurts, cheeses and meats from Europe, breads and cheeses from the Middle East. A great opportunity to try different things (or not). The milk selection, for example, includes various types of cow milk, but also camel milk and date milk!Our room was stunning: neutral colors with a Moroccan influence, a very comfortable bed and that bathroom: wow! An oval white tub, a separate shower with an enormous shower head, a separate cubicle for toilet and bidet, REN shampoo and lotions. From the sink and vanity area, you look through a &quot;window&quot; over your bed to the balcony. One thing: the bathroom is quite open to the bedroom: there is no door separating the area with the tub from your bedroom, although you could close the blinds in that &quot;window&quot;. Finally, I went to the spa and had a massage and body scrub. As is the law in Dubai, you can only receive spa treatments from a therapist of your own gender. My masseur was excellent, but also the facility itself is beautiful. My treatment room had a shower inside, but also a private walled of garden with an outdoor shower and a seating area where I sat with a cup of tea and some fresh fruit after the treatment. It was fantastic!All in all, I would definitely stay here again.	
Dec 30 2008 	Great experience in a true 5-star hotel	Just coming back from Dubai, I can confirm what previous reviewers said about this very classy hotel:great location on Dubai Creek, next to the Marina + the Golf course; modern, spacious room with all amenities you'd expect - mine had a (distant) view of Jumeirah beach and I blessed myself not to be in one of those highrises:I wished I had more time to try out all their restaurants - do recommend the Arabesque (Mezze + Dessert buffets, main course a la carte) and the Thai Kitchen; And of course the pro-active service is first class too throughout the hotel.Clever architecture makes it feel like a small boutique hotel, only after several walks around I realized how many wings the hotel actually has.There is one shopping mall (City Center - smallish for Dubai) in what you could call walking distance along a pleasant palmfringed road within the complex (I hitched a ride with one of the golf buggies). Lots of US and UK chain stores, but despite duty free not very attractive prices due to the current exchange rates.The only drawback for me, who wanted the last day of the trip in the sun, was the location of the pool: most of it is shaded by palm trees and the hotel building itself. This is certainly welcome during the hot summer months in Dubai, but less so on a cool December day. However, the pool attendant was very helpful in pointing out the best location for catching some sun and the water temperature was perfect (app. 26 C).	
Dec 11 2008 	Great hotel	I stayed at the park Hyatt Dubai for two nights, although I wish I could have been longer. I have stayed at hotels all around the world, with varying star ratings, but the Park Hyatt is by far my favorite to date.Check-in was nice and easy, albeit a bit warm in the reception area. We were escorted to our room, which was perfect for our needs. Our room was just as requested, non smoking with two beds in the room. Our view was of the creek, which I really found peaceful. The bathroom is the type you’d build at home, if you could do it all over again. I hated leaving that shower behind; it was the perfect reason to get out of bed in the morning.I think my favorite memory of this hotel is the feeling that you were the only guests there. Every room was booked during our stay, but it never felt crowded or chaotic as some resorts tend to feel at 100% occupancy. The pool and pool area are amazing, and again, never felt crowded. The gym is really nice and open 24 hours.As for restaurants, we tried to eat at “The Terrace”, but honestly, the lighting was a joke. I’m 43 years old and I could not read one word of my menu! It actually was quite funny and we did laugh about it, but one single tea light for a whole table (outside after dark). We moved indoors, but the furniture was good quality patio furniture and I was put off having dinner in this setting. We decided on the “Café Arabesque” and tried to sit outdoor again, but the vey same lighting issues. The novelty was beginning to wear off at this point. We moved ourselves indoor, which was bright and airy and found a nice table off to the side. I really liked this restaurant; it features food from Lebanon, Turkey, Syria, etc. (hence “Arabesque”) and was quite good. There is hot and cold buffet and an ala carte menu to choose from. The cold buffet was wonderful, so many choices, it was fun to try a little of everything. The last night we ordered room service, again, quite good with a decent selection. The prices, I thought, we very reasonable for the quality of food we received.Although we did not rent a car, it would be helpful given the size of this resort. From the main road to the hotel lobby, I would say it’s about ½ mile or maybe a little more. At the end of this road, you’ll find one of the ubiquitous malls that are strewn around Dubai. The cab rate is 15 Dirhams from the lobby to the mall, but the lobby is happy to provide a golf cart shuttle to the road and you can simply walk across a busy road. There is a crosswalk which gives plenty of time, and driver’s in Dubai are VERY courteous, so there are no worries. At the mall, there is a stop on the “Big Bus Tour”, which was actually a nice experience. In the end, this is one of the best hotels I have ever had the pleasure of staying at. If you’re thinking about one of the Hyatt Hotels in Dubai, the Park Hyatt is the way to go.	
Nov 29 2008 	Dentist Office Room	I was given one of the special &quot;spa&quot; rooms (2201) which was really strange. While the room with balcony was perfectly located - overlooking the Creek (and very quiet) - the layout was rather odd.A fixed-in-place massage table occupied about 30% of the room (immediately in front of you as you entered) and a gleaming white leather dental chair complete with a porcelain spitoon/basin was positioned prominently by the plasma TV. The bellhop told me &quot;some people prefer to have all their spa treatments without leaving the room.&quot; (I am not one of them.)There was a massive walk-in tiled shower (with 6 fixed-position nozzles and a hand-held hose) that could easily seat 8 people on the wrap-around bench. The shower room had a foul (sewage) smell.Lighting was dark (I suppose to preserve the tranquil spa effect) and the single vanity spotlight was so weak that it was difficult to see anything.Wireless Internet signal was very faint.There was no couch - just a work desk and the white dental chair.Great location (next to a mall) and a quick ride to the airport. Good service, friendly staff, high prices, but then, that's Dubai.Unless you like to be surrounded by spa equipment, I suggest you ask for a standard room. And bring a flashlight.	
Nov 16 2008 	Terrible	Booked a delux double, given a twin, despite reconfirming before arrival. Promised a move to a double the next night. The single bed was small and uncomfortable; I'm 6'4&quot; and found it difficult to sleep in. I was told the next day it was a queen. If it was it is the smallest queen bed I have ever slept in. This may sound petty but if you go to some effort to get a particular type of room and you're paying £400 a night you hope to get what you've booked.Despite being promised that I would be moved the next morning I was told this wouldnt be possible in the morning as the hotel was very full. Booked an alternative hotel, and was initially told that they would still charge me for my remaininfg nights.Found staff and management rude. After checking out I found the staff very petty had to wait for nearly an hour for a taxi as &quot;hotel customers&quot; were given priority. Not sure if this was punishment or incompetence...eitherway I wasnt impressed.	
Oct 31 2008 	Loved it but ...not again...	The hotel is a piece of art, fantastic lyaout with fantastic view. However the management is a piece of disapointment, had an issue with my bill at the reception and had to wait 30 min to sort it out, without extending any apology about it from the manager on duty.	
Oct 15 2008 	Fantastic	I've been to the Park Hyatt a few times since it opened and have never been disappointed (except by the rapidly increasing price). The staff, the rooms, the location, the atmosphere are all fantastic. Ideal for a romantic getaway.	
Sep 20 2008 	A Beautiful Retreat From Hectic Dubai	We flew to Dubai to embark on a 2-week cruise through the Middle East in May 2008. Our travel agent at American Express suggested we stay at the Park Hyatt Dubai. It was the perfect suggestion. The hotel envelopes you in the feel of &quot;old world&quot; Middle East, with it's white, crisp decor; long, brightly-lit, windowed hallways and green grounds. We arrived after a 15-hour flight from the US, and the hotel reception staff could not have been more accommodating. They exuded 5-star customer service in registering us, and the helpful concierge assisted us with a local guide for the next day. The entryway is gorgeous with a high ceiling, ornate chandelier and beautiful Oriental rug (in fact, upon check-in, I noticed an employee combing the tassles of the rug). The room was a welcoming escape from the hustle and bustle of Dubai, with a relaxing view of Dubai Creek and many yachts docked. The decor was subtle, very Asian and a little more contemporary than most Hyatts. The room was open to the bathroom, which had a large, luxurious bathtub in the center. The bedding was also fantastic. Unfortunately, I did find a couple of stray hairs on the bathroom floor.We enjoyed a leisurely breakfast in the hotel's restaurant, which afforded views of the water and downtown Dubai in the distance. The restaurant offers a high quality buffet, but if you are from the US, the offerings probably won't be particularly appealing. I think that the food is definitely catered more towards European taste. For us, the food was a little mysterious, yet lovingly presented.We really enjoyed our stay here. It is close enough to the center of Dubai (and the airport) to offer convenience for tourists, yet is far enough off the beaten path to provide a tranquil experience. You will feel as though you are in the Middle East while you are here - it is not a commercialized, chain hotel experience at all. And one of my favorite types of hotels is one which allows you to feel immersed in the culture. The staff (which consists largely of an international staff i.e., Continental Europe, India, Philippines), are helpful without being obtrusive. And the entire experience will offer you the chance to feel relaxed and cultured in one of the most fascinating parts of the world.	
Aug 25 2008	Really really fabulous	We escaped here after a night at the Fairmont which we weren't crazy about - a nice hotel but better for business than for pleasure. The Grand Hyatt though is so fabulous...so chic....fabulous rooms...great location...food to die for....LOVED IT! Would definitely stay there again. Would NOT stay on Sheik Zayed Road about (the downtown area...). The Creek where the Park Hyatt is is a much better place from which to see Dubai. Very zen.	
Aug 25 2008 	above expectations	as dubai residents, we often take short breaks in a local hotel, to chill and be away from the kids for a day or two.we have stayed in most hotels in dubai till now, and i have to say that the park hyatt has exceeded most of our expectations.with the new roads, bridges and over-under-side-through-passes that are being built, the hotel has now become surprisingly close to the &quot;new dubai&quot;.its location, on the creek, is a million times better than any beach hotel: you do not have to look at the awful 24hrs a day mega construction site that isthe palm, be surrounded by the depressing getho-like JBR of the Jumeirah beach hotels; you overlook a very quiet part of the creek, and have a stunning view of the skyline of dubai, including the whole of sheikh zayed road, the 180-floor high burj dubai etc.the views are stunning.the hotel is very simple, yet warm.we have upgraded ourselves to a park terrace suite, and that was really really worth it. the room itself is great, very large, and the big terrace is superb for an afternoon snooze, sundowners, or a romantic night cap.the room is wel equipped, with a nice bar, a nespresso coffee machine, 2 tv, videos and all the usual stuff.the bathroom is beautiful, with a very very lare rain shower, a standalone bath etc...the pool is very pleasant, surrounded by palm trees.the staff is good, and plentyfull, as in most hotels in dubai.there are always small things that piss you off in such hotels, we had our share of them, from a reservation for brunch that was not taken by the concierge, to the caprese salad that came with just 3 tiny thin pieces of tomatos, the 10usd 85ml pot of yogurt for bfst... we will be back there for sure, for another weekend getaway on &quot;the other side&quot;...	
Aug 20 2008 	A beautiful hotel	We deliberately chose the Park Hyatt as it appeared smaller in scale than many of the other hotels in Dubai. The rooms are very generous with plenty of space and a massive bathroom, though a small closet area.The cleanliness and standards that are maintained at the hotel are the highest I have ever seen. Having worked in Hospitality, I know what to look for and the hotel is just faultless. Staff are wonderfully polite and helpful.Two downsides: 1. Unless you are lucky enough to catch a taxi dropping off another guest then you are stuck with the hotel cars which are approximately double the standard taxi price, though you do travel in style ! It is still cheap compared to Europe, but we felt a little trapped into the hotel cars.2. The Thai Restaurant. It was not a busy evening, our last night and we wanted to relax, enjoy the wine etc. But the service was like a fast food restaurant. We chose a huge set menu expecting that it would be brought piece by piece, but it virtually all arrived at once. We asked three times to slow the service down, but we were fed and out of the restaurant in under an hour ! Good speedy service, but not necessary and we did not get to fully enjoy the good food.Hotel faultless, restaurant - head out as there is so much choice, though the breakfast is great !	
Aug 3 2008 	Fantastic Hyatt on the creek	A great 5 star hotel. On of the nicest hotels and location in Dubai.Sits on the creek and aside the Creek Golf course..a lovely courseGreat rooms, views and easy access to everything. Good restaurants in the hotel and no end of good restaurants all across Dubai.	
Jul 21 2008	excellent	stay only one day but loved the propertyservice ,room and amenities are topits near the airport and downtown but very far from jumeirah40 minutes in heavy transit if timming is incorrectfor me was perfect ,only advice is to check if location is correct for your trip purpose	
Jun 23 2008 	Park Hyatt Dubai - Wonderful	This is a fabulous hotel with wondeful atmosphere, I was there for 5 nights and thoroughly enjoyed every aspect of it. Defininitely a must in a very accessible location my only comment would be the Thai food from the restaurant is not as good as you would expect. The attention to detail from the candelit walkways to the terrace bar fantastic. Will definitely return if for the bath alone.	
May 16 2008 	Tranquility!!	Excellent place to stay!! Out of this world and perfect for a relaxing break away from the granduer of Dubai itself. Stayed in a Park King room.. ample size, well laid out. Perfect because of the garden space available through the sliding doors overlooking the Creek itself. Staff are VERY attentive, can be a bit irritating if you dont like that sort of thing. The open plan bathroom is not too much of an issue as there is an enclosed shower and toilet space. Resturants within the hotel are superb. Spa treatment and Salon offered great service. A very peaceful place to stay.	
May 12 2008 	A very relaxing break!	We booked our flights to Dubai at very short notice and quickly discovered that all the beach hotels were full as there was a travel conference on in Dubai. However after a Tripadviser search we booked The Park Hyatt and were not disappointed.This hotel is on the Marina at Dubai Creek, and all the rooms have a marina or Creek view - when they say &quot;creek&quot; this is a large body of water, so more like lake in parts.The room was fabulous, large, clean and great extras. Breakfast was a sumptuous buffet - although order a cappucino or espresso as the filter coffee was very bad!The pool area of the hotel is perfect, plenty of shade, by trees or umbrellas, comfortable sunbeds, always enough, and great pool service, the pool itself is large, but also quite shaded, with jet pools at two corners, great for cooling off. The hotel has a fantastic spa, you could spend a whole day in the spa on the day beds, an having treatments, but book early, it is popular. Finally - the hotel is next door to both the Dubai Creek Golf club and marina, so you can walk to either. There is great golf acaemy at the golf club, and between the golf club, the marina and the hotel you have a choice of at least 8 restaurants / cafes.We spent most sunset evenings at the Terrace bar of the hotel which is frequented by locals as well as hotel residents so it is lively, but we always got a table with a view of the marina, and the prices are lower than some of the beach hotels for cocktails. If you are desparate for the beach you can get a taxi to one of the public beach parks c $2 entrance cost, or the hotel will even arange for you to go to One &amp; Only beach area - although this cost nearer $30 per head. Taxis to the beach area are cheap.Locationally the hotel is quite near the airport - but dont let this put you off - we never saw or heard any airplanes while we were at the hotel.We would definitely go back to the Park Hyatt at Dubai Creek - our relaxing Haven !!	
Apr 24 2008	Probably the best hotel I have ever stayed	Fantastic hotel, superb rooms, great location, excellent service, only a bit disappointing the Thai restaurant, but with enormous offer for dining out in Dbx I don't consider it so important.	
Apr 17 2008 	Underrated Dubai hotel	Ok, so the biggest downside for this property is that it isn't on the beach....actually, it's no where near the beach BUT if you're looking for a hotel in Dubai that doesn't leave you feeling like you've spent a few days on the 'It's a Small World' ride at Disneyland, then I'd suggest the Park Hyatt.The Park Hyatt is low key, tasteful and with good service. It's a quiet hotel, without the throngs of tourists milling around in the vast foyers of properties like Raffles (hideous faux Egyptian pyramid) or the Al Mina.The food was of a high quality - poolside breakfast was nice (you need to get down early I'm afraid as there are limited chairs) and the other restaurants were good quality and varied (Middle Eastern, Thai, etc).Service by the pool was very good and the staff made every endeavour to organise loungers for patrons.Given its proximity to the airport, it's also a good location if your only in Dubai for a day or two.As an escape from the masses, the Park Hyatt is a perfect option.	
Jan 25 2008 	A Great Stay in Dubai	A very attractive property located next to the marina and golf course. Good for both business and pleasure. A very trendy and popular hotel.Situated in a low-rise development some way from the main road the hotel is a quiet oasis but for those looking for the beach probably not the best place to stay as the beach is somewhat of a drive away.The rooms are well appointed and modern in design. Much more suited to singles and couples than a family, e.g., you can see into the shower from the living area.Views over Dubai Creek are very peaceful. Only issue I had whilst I was there was trying to get a taxi into the city. Fortunately the concierge took pity on me and I jumped the queue otherwise I would have been there for a very long time.Broadband in the room functioned well although cell coverage in the hotel was a bit patchy.	
Jan 2 2008 	Wonderful relaxing break	Have just returned from a four night stay at this wonderful hotel and cannot recommend it highly enough to anyone looking for a relaxing luxurious break. We thought the hotel had the absolute best location in Dubai with views over the creek and no building sites on the doorstep. We could walk to the nearest &quot;Big Bus&quot; stop in ten minutes and as we took both city and beach tours we were able to get to any of the sights that we wanted to see very easily. Did not miss having the beach nearby because the pool area and its staff was excellent. Ate at two of the restaurants both very good and the breakfast buffet as previously stated was excellent, it would be important to get breakfast included in your deal as there was nowhere else nearby to obtain it. Had a wonderful evening at the Yacht Club which is just a five minute stroll round the creek, ate in their aquarium restaurant which was lovely. Would be sure to stay here again if we returned to Dubai.	
Dec 29 2007	Great But Far From the Action	This is a beautiful hotel with wonderful grounds and excellent food (we loved the breakfast buffet). It is peaceful and quiet and very close to the airport. But we didn't realize just how far it was from all of the sights we wanted to see. And with Dubai traffic, we often spent 30 minutes (and several Dirhams) in taxis trying to get to the places we wanted to see. While we enjoyed the hotel and I would really recommend it for business travelers, next time I would stay in one of the hotels closer to the main attractions.	
Dec 3 2007 	Hard to fault	Just returned from a thoroughly enjoyable and relaxing week at the Park Hyatt Dubai.Unlike one of the previous reviewers, I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a hotel where the staff know how to be attentive and courteous, where the grounds, the rooms and the food are all faultless and the only &quot;downside&quot; could be claimed to be the distance to the beach (having had cause to visit the Jumeirah Beach Hotel during our stay, I would have to say we weren't missing anything by being remote from the beach area, unless screaming kids and surly teenagers are your scene).If you're looking for a hotel where the ambience is A+ and you don't have to suffer other peoples kids then this hotel is ideal for your stay in Dubai, provided you don't mind using Taxis to get around, or you like a hike.	
Nov 12 2007	Avoid this unless you are on business!!!!	This is the 2nd time this year I have stayed at this hotel and I will never return there again after this stay! The rooms, grounds and pool area are fantastic, except for builders screening in front of the spa area around the pool and the broken tiles around the pool, which were not touched for the whole week of our stay!The service was shsocking and certainly not 5 star service. The Terrace area, which is fundamentally the hotel bar is under-staffed and the staff they do have are far too young and inexperienced. They favour locals over hotel guests and when you pay so much to stay in a top class hotel you want the service to be faultless. The food in the restaurants was OK, but certainly not as good as some others in Dubai. Also, getting off the hotel site was painful, they don't have many cars and no relationship with local taxis, that means it could take up to half an hour to get transport to take you anywhere! Restaurant bookings were not taken correctly and outside dining was again reserved for local people and not paying hotel guests! Overall I would avoid this hotel unless you are there on business and someone else is picking up the bill! This is not a hotel for couples, the bar areas are full of big groups of business people making lots of noise without any consideration for other guests.	
Nov 11 2007 	Perfect Stay	I thoroughly enjoyed my week-long stay at the Park Hyatt Dubai. I considered a number of hotels in the central business districts of Dubai, particularly within the DIFC and was very happy with my decision.The Park Hyatt is about a 15-30 minute commute to Emirates Towers and the DIFC area. It's about 30-45 minutes from the Mall of the Emirates.Unlike most of the business-class hotels in those areas, the Park Hyatt is directly on Dubai Creek within the walls of the Dubai Creek Golf and Yacht Club. This means a campus of low-rise buildings, greenspaces, views of the city from a distance and access to the Creek.For a week-long stay, it was extraordinarily relaxing and there was plenty of space for strolling around and spending downtime whether at the gym, the gorgeous pool, the spa, the restaurants or just walking along the Creek. Spending the same amount of downtime in one of the city hotels like the Jumeirah or Fairmont might force some to climb the walls. The hotel itself is a bit of a maze but all the materials, architecture and finishes are very nice. It's easy to get lost but the entire place is very peaceful and quiet. In contrast, the JumeirahLobby at Emirates Towers is absolutely bustling with all sorts of business meetings, no privacy and an overflowing crowd.The room was great. The bathroom was huge with an oversized walk-in shower, free-standing bathtub, double vanities and a walk-in closet. All was done in a beautiful sandstone and dark woods. The bedroom was oversized with a great bed, workdesk, chair and ottoman, etc. There's a lot of lighting for work, reading, late-night moods, etc. Balcony sizes vary but all have teak furniture. All-in-all, the decor is genuinely Arabesque but in soft and subdued tones that are a nice change from the opulence of the city. After a week, I still liked the room and felt very comfortable there. I'm not really sure what the difference is between the Park and Park Deluxe rooms except a terrace and view of the Creek.FYI, my colleague ended up with a smoking room by accident and, well, you really needed to be a smoker to stay in there. The smell was quitestrong.There is also a fruit bowl that is replenished daily and twice-daily room servicing that is top-notch. Service at Reception was perfect and very prompt. Internet service seemed expensive at $33/day on top of a room rate of $650 and was not particularly fast.The other great part of the hotel are the restaurants. The Terrace is an outdoor lounge/bar on the creek where a number of locals hang out for drinks, hamburgers, and other casual dishes. There are a couple of other formal restaurants. The Thai restaurant is very good. Cafe Arabesque serves a great selection of mezze and other local dishes. You can also walk down the marina to the Yacht Club where there is a formal seafood restaurant and a casual continental restaurant. There is also an outdoor restaurant and hookah bar that is quite lively. Being a New Yorker, I very much liked being able to stroll down to lively places rather than depending on taxis and distinct addresses. Friends enjoyed meeting me there for lunch or dinner as they consider the restaurants at the Park Hyatt quite good.To sum it up, I will gladly stay at the Park Hyatt again. As I told a friend, I found to be as nice or nicer than the Mandarin Oriental which has always been a favorite hotel chain of mine.	
Oct 30 2007	Great stay at Park Hyatt	we had a fantastic 8 night stay at the Park Hyatt. The hotel was one of the best We have stayed in, wonderful gardens and pool area, beautifully decorated, excellent service, although breakfast can be slow, restaurants were very good (ate in Traiteur and cafe arabesque) rooms very tastefully decorated, cannot praise highly enough. Contrary to other reports comment slips were available, and replies to comments received by e-mail within 24 hours of return to UK	
Oct 15 2007	City Retreat	Booked this hotel as the last two nights after seven nights on the beach to save the travelling into and out of the city centre.This is our 13th. Dubai hotel and must say we were disappointed.The location is great for the city,the airport, right next to the marina on the creek and the Dubai Creek Golf Club, the Boardwalk etc.The room 1306 ( lobby level and central) was spacious and immaculate, great view of the marina and housekeeping was first class.After all this any attempt and dealing with Food &amp; Beverage staff would lead to problems. A steak sandwich and a tuna sandwich turned into a ham &amp; cheese toastie and a tuna salad.Cocktails were served first time beautifully in martini glasses and next time in a half pint tumbler full of ice and this was blamed on Ramadan,?? (which incidentally finished the day before) and took a manager to sort it out, then the bill was wrong and there were items we hadnt ordered.The evening in the Thai restaurant with freinds was we felt hurried with at one point over twenty dishes on the table and totally overspiced although we had requested mild/medium, then they refused to accept &quot;The Entertainer&quot; discount vouchers we had used all week without any problems.We tried to get pre dinner drinks in the restaurant but were asked to go to another bar, which when we got there wasnt open.Breakfasts were made to order and we felt overcooked on the first day but better the second day.The cold tables were extensive with lots of choice.My concerns and experience were given to the front desk on checkout but only a basic apology was offered.No &quot;comment cards&quot; were offered on this occasion.Perhaps it was just unlucky 13., but the staff interface was not up to Dubai standards.	
Sep 19 2007 	Spacious Room with Modern Style !	Park Hyatt is an upscale brand of Hyatt Hotel chain, launched to capture the upscale market of luxury travel accommodation. It has only 21 properties worldwide, but with the &quot;High Buzz&quot; that they have made so far, there are 10 more new properties schedule to launch within 2 years.It was a short one night stay, and the reason why I choosed this property mainly only because it has minimalistic modern design and also I want to know whether the service that they offers can be compared with other luxury properties in the market such as Ritz Carlton, Four Seasons, Peninsula, Mandarin, etc.Park Hyatt Dubai located in the central district, close to the city financial district. It is situated on a well famous luxury waterfront retreat - which adjacent to the world-famous Dubai Creek Golf &amp; Yacht Club.The check-in process was a bit slow, maybe because it was a new property , as our visit was during their pre-opening time. The agent had trouble to find our last minute booking (via AMEX Fine Hotels and Resorts booking) and had to ask the supervisor for a help.Finally, with a short waiting, they were able to locate our reservation and had our room with the waterfront view assigned as requested.The room is wonderful with an outside terrace overlooking to the Dubai Waterfront.It is certainly larger than a regular city room, plus it has modern decor touch. I find their bathroom is well design - especially with the egg-shape bathtub, and japanese style separate shower cabin. In the evening, we went to their signature restaurant &quot;The Thai Kitchen&quot; - specialized as an authentic thai cuisine. The Restaurant ambience is calm, and has a great architectur design with an open kitchen concept. The restaurant was not very busy during our visit, and the service was above average. In contrast - regarding the food quility - I found it jut an avarage and not as best as &quot;Paithai&quot; at Al Qasr, Madinat Jumeirah Hotel. The Price it a bit expensive but again it is Hotel - most of them always charge above the avarage.The pool located in the middle of the hotel, which I found a bit not attractive while it offers no view at all. On the other hand, their signature &quot;AMARA&quot; spa is worth to visit. I had a spa treatment there and it is comparable to other top spa in Peninsula or Four Seasons.Overall rating :- Accommodation guest services : Average- Restaurant &amp; Spa guest services : Above average- Location : City Centre- Facilities : AverageDespite the average impression I had from this stay, I still found that Park Hyatt Dubai is a great place to stay especially for business traveller or short term stay. I certainly will visit Park Hyatt chain again as, mainly because of its wonderful modern decor style.	
Aug 28 2007 	Loved it!	Pure luxury. Lives up to its 5 star rating. Excellent service from friendly, english-speaking staff. Location is a little out of the way on the other side of the creek, but an advantage is that its extremely quiet and away from all the construction work. Hotel grounds are a bit of a maze and staying in the 4th building meant a long walk to the lobby and a bit confusing, but the beautiful gardens made up for it. Pool area is exquisite, especially at night. Food is quite expensive so we didn't eat there. Internet is also pricey - 35AED for 15mins. Views from balcony were good, although the haze of Dubai made the skyline difficult to see at times. Amara spa is great - Swedish massage was wonderful. Very pleasant all round.	
Jul 29 2007 	Really beautiful luxurious hotel	We stayed here for a few days at the end of a trip and really liked this attractive hotel. The buildings and grounds are lovely, with low-rise white-washed and blue-domed buildings surrounding quiet, fountain-filled courtyards and a strong Middle-Eastern theme. There's a prettily-located swimming pool, shaded by plenty of palm trees and quite family-friendly with a lifeguard on duty til 10pm. The rooms were very spacious and comfortable, with an open-plan style bathroom including his and hers sinks, a two-person standalone bathtub and a decent rainfall-style shower. It also had a balcony looking out over the marina. The spa was very good, too - the staff were exceptionally friendly, the treatment I had was excellent and I really enjoyed the outdoor shower! The hotel is right next door to the enormous Deira City Centre shopping mall; about a fifteen-to-twenty minute taxi trip to the gold souq and around a twenty-five minute trip to the Burj Dubai. When we visited (July) it was unfortunately far too hot to do much outdoor sightseeing, though. All in all we really enjoyed staying here; the hotel feels quiet and luxurious, the rooms are lovely and the hotel's setting is extremely pretty.	
May 9 2007 	Stunning	Stayed here for the last 4 nights of our honeymoon and I can't think of a better way we could have ended it. The property is amazing with big, beautifully appointed rooms that look out over the marina and creek, also capturing the city in the background.The restaurants are brilliant - we had both the best buffet lunch (Traituer) and Thai (The Thai Kitchen) of our lives, neither of which are accolades I give out lightly!There are many other great feaures I could go on about - lovely pool area, beautifully manicured gardens and the elegant candle-lit marble hallways at night are just some of them.To compliment the property, the service was excellent. No problems at all and we felt like royalty the entire time we were there.To top it all off a great location close to shopping and the airport.	
Apr 15 2007 	Aimed solely at the business market not travellers	First of all, here are the positives:The building is lovely, as are the grounds and the low rise (4 floors maximum) is a nice change from the skyscrapers everywhere else in Dubai. All of the rooms have a view over the creek and are very comfortable - great beds and very spacious with plenty of storage and designer bathroom - really liked the walk in 'wet-room' style shower.The quality and selection of the food at breakfast was excellent and we also used the gym every morning which was well equipped, spotlessly clean (the attendant would wipe down every machine straight after someone had finished using it) and the fans on the treadmills did help!The staff were all excellent - we certainly got 5 star service ranging from anyone we met walking round the hotel greeting us with smiles and very polite 'good mornings' through to getting a escort on our first afternoon when we were wandering round looking a bit lost from an Australian manager (didn't get his name but he was very friendly) who took us personally to the gym.The downsides:It's not a cheap place to stay - i don't think anywhere is in Dubai - but this is supposed to be a 5 star hotel and it costs an awful lot more than the 5 star hotels I've experienced in most other parts of the world. But it didn't stop there - the internet access in the business centre cost AED35 (£7) for 15 minutes, and the one night we ate in the hotel (at Traiteur) cost AED550 (£80) for just two main courses and a bottle of wine - we were not quite picking the cheapest things on the menu, but the quality was certainly only average and it just wasn't value for money - the whole feeling was that the hotel was aimed at the business expense account visitors.  Other niggles included the fact that on one morning we couldn't go straight into breakfast as they didn't have any tables spare, and had to sit and wait in the lounge with several other couples and families. This wouldn't have been a problem except for the fact that we were there 1/2 hour before breakfast was supposed to finish, but we were waiting 20 minutes, and then when we did sit down we had to rush as they came round at the usual time telling us they were closing down the service (no problems on the mornings we got there early). And for any other British customers, note that all the sports channels are American so they were showing womens college basketball instead of Champions League football!!!Overall, it is a pleasant hotel, in a quiet part of the city, but it is a business oriented hotel.	
Apr 2 2007	THE BEST HOTEL I HAVE EVER STAYED IN	I loved this hotel. The ambience, the bedroom, the arabian rose massage. The only thing that would have improved it would have been my husband. Sadly I was there for business but had a great time at the gold souk! The property is enormous so be prepared to take taxi's everywhere (very cheap)it is ideal if you are honeymooning big bed, big bath, big shower, double massage tables etcgreat restaurants loved it loved it loved it!	
Mar 23 2007	Beautiful grounds great location bad service and food	I am a regular guest at the Park Hyatt Dubai. The rooms have all the amenities you are used to at Park Hyatt properties. On the ground floor, you have a terrace and a view of the Creek, I like those rooms best. When my wife is visiting me in Dubai, she insists on staying at the Park Hyatt for the beautifully landscaped pool area, the modern fitness center and awarded spa.The only downside is the service and the food. None of the restaurants on the premises can live up to expectations (pricey, but food non-tasty and uninspired). They sometimes forget about wake-up calls, leave your stored luggage in the sun, forget to call a taxi for the time you need it (and it is not easy to get a taxi to the Park Hyatt at rush hour).All-in-all, an above average hotel. Not quite up to Park Hyatt standards, but still very nice.	
Jan 28 2007 	A perfect hotel"	I travelled through the Gulf States (Saudi Arabia, Kuwait etc …) in November for business. In every town I stayed in the best hotel and I can clearly state that the Park Hyatt Dubai was the best experience. In every hotel that I had stayed there were a number of issues that bothered me but at the Park Hyatt, I could not find a single fault!The hotel is located near the airport but is nice and quiet.The hotel has THE golf course in Dubai.The hotel is built like a small Moroccan palace and has a very intimate and cosy atmosphere. The decoration of the building, the corridors and the rooms themselves is exquisite: warm and understated – nothing flashy or cheap here.You have a wonderful view from your room on the waterfront and the high rises of Dubai.A very cosmopolitan staff (Japanese, German, Russian, etc …) with impeccable manners and work attitude.A wonderful breakfast room with a great and rich buffett.A great pool side.In sum a great place that I look forward to visiting on my next trip.	
Jan 24 2007 	Spectacular property in Dubai!	I enjoyed a too-short one night stay at the Park Hyatt in January, 2007. This hotel is world-class, and stands out amongst the offerings in Dubai. The location is very convenient to the airport, but provides a secluded escape from the noise and traffic in Dubai. Room quality and design is outstanding, with a huge rainfall shower and free-standing tub, and top quality bedding and furnishings. Most of the rooms face lawns adjacent to a marina on Dubai creek, and the hotel is adjacent to a gold course on the entrance side, both of which work to create an effective buffer from the city. The hotel feels like a world-class resort, with service and food to match. The French/European restaurant is one of the best in all of Dubai, and the hotel restaurant on the boardwalk by the marina is scenic, breezy, and great for light meals and late night drinks and shisha. There is also a Thai restaurant within the hotel, which I did not have the opportunity to try. The pool area is spectacular, with great service, comfortable lounges, and dense palm trees spaced throughout. Highly recommended for business travel or leisure travel in Dubai, especially if proximity to the beach is not important to you.	
Jan 22 2007 	Great city hotel	Beautiful hotel, have no idea why others complain on this site about the service as we experienced 5 star service throughout our 2 night stay. The rooms were great with egg shaped bathtubs and huge walk in showers. Pool area/spa fantastic and I would definitely recommend as an alternative to the hotels in the Jumeirah area as it is well away from the extensive building work currently going on in Dubai. We loved the The Terrace which was a great place to chill of an evening, great all day menu and wonderful views over the Dubai creek and yacht club. Food in the Thai restaurant was also excellent and service speedy. Highly recommended.	
Jan 2 2007 	Nice property bad service	Booked the FHR rate through the AMEX Platinum Travel Service, but the complimentary upgrade and the 100 USD Spa Credit couldn't be used, as there was no availability. Late Check Out was unneccessary due to the early departure time of the flight.Quite nice property and rooms, they are the highlight of the hotel. We had a Deluxe King Creekview room from where we could see the Emirates Towers, Burj Dubai, the &quot;old Skyline&quot; in the city. But the noise of cars, dhaus and the yachts can be quite disturbing.Staff is not properly trained and so we didn't get any reply to our transfer- and restaurant reservation request for New Year's Eve which was sent via email and fax one week in advance.Transfer could finally be arranged throught Platinum Travel Service, but restaurants were fully booked when we arrived on Dec 29th.For breakfast you have to be aware of flying milk pots and flying eggs towards you.Finally a dinner on Dec 31st. was arranged in the Lobby Lounge and it was really bad , as it was just more or less the In Room Dining menu.All in all the hotel is substandard. If you just stay for a business trip and do not plan to use the restaurants there, then it's OK.	
Nov 26 2006	Another perfect Park Hyatt property	This place is perfection. A beautifully desgined property with minimalistic Arabian hues. I do understand why other visitors have suggested it is a little spread out, but once you get used to where various places are within the hotel, actually it is a benefit to have so much space. The bars and restaurants in my opinion were excellent, as was the service. Beautiful view from my room overlooking the creek and the harbour.I was planning to stay in a adifferent hotel when I return in March, but I have cancelled that and will come back here, it is perfection. It is more of a business hotel, rather than a tourist spot, but that is a reason to stay here !	
Nov 10 2006 	Oasis in the Desert	Beautiful and stylish hotel, an oasis of calm and serenity away from the sprawl of beachside tourist and tacky 'arabian nights' hotels. This hotel is not close to the tourist attractions and beach (about a 20 minute drive) however this was not a bad thing as we looked forward to getting back to the hotel for some peace and quite at the end of a busy day. There is a shopping centre across the road (Deira City Centre) which has most retailers and food outlets.The rooms were gorgeous with a big bed and a great bathroom featuring an egg shaped bathtub and candle. Pool area was relaxing and deck chairs were well spaced and plentiful. I was also treated to the best massage I have ever experienced at the Spa Amara, which features music menu and outside shower.Another highlight was The Terrace at night which featured beanbags and couches to relax on and smoke fragrant Sheisha Pipes whilst the light breeze of the Creek cooled us down.We had no issues with service at any of the restaurants and room service was the speediest we have ever experienced. Food was also excellent and the breakfast spread was diverse featuring the best fresh fruit selection I have enjoyed at a hotel.Also recommend the Desert Safari tours which was the holiday highlight. Concierge are very helpful with bookings and information.	
Oct 27 2006 	great place patchy service	Stayed 4 days , 3 nights on way back from Kerala and its a very impressive building. Only 15 minutes from the airport your whisked into the huge reception and given a full guide of the hotel. The receptionist also takes you to your room, a good job as the hotel whilst being small, about 250 rooms I think she said, is very spralling. The food was good however the service was eratic. Breakfast , which was an amazing spread, on 2 days we had to wait over 10 minutes for tea, toast that never came. On the 3rd day it was the opposite, prompt and excellent.Had dinner at the cafe arabesc and got the bill for a large family , not what two persons would obviously eat. The facilities pool and cleanliness are excellent. A member of staff seemed to situated cleaning every 50 yards and they were always friendly and polite.If your a pompous business person avoid it and leave to polite honeymooner's like us.	
Oct 18 2006 	Superb setting	The Hotel is beautiful with outstanding gardens on the banks of the Dubai creek.The rooms were also superb and the service excellent. Of course it is also easy to get to the souks and one is away from the building works. No beach but the pool area is also beautiful	
Oct 13 2006 	Stunning Hotel in a great location	I stayed at this hotel in June 2006 for three nights. I loved the tranquility of the hotel which is due to its location around the Dubai Creek Golf &amp; Yacht Club, even though in theory it's right in the centre of an amazingly busy city.The decor of the hotel is stunning, quite minimalist yet comfortable. The lobby area is lovely - quite relaxing. Due to the fact that the hotel is NOT high-rise the rooms are spread out over an area and its got the most confusing layout of any hotel I've ever been in but the beauty of the entire place along with the art work along the way more than make up for any inconvenience.The room was fantastic, very large with a business desk with all facilities in it. The bathroom was amazing, openplan with a seperated toilet &amp; shower area but the free-standing bath was in the middle of the open plan room. I arrived at night so when i pulled back the curtains in the morning the view from my room was so beautiful. All rooms have Creek views and my room overlooked the marina area with all the yachts - it was stunning.I am a travel agent and have visited Dubai four times, I've been in a lot of hotels in Dubai through my work and this hotel impressed me more than most I have to say and would recommend it to others and would love to stay in it myself again.	
Jul 25 2006	by Nicky McLauchlan		
Jun 26 2006	Great hotel let down by inexperienced staff		
Apr 26 2006	Relaxed hotel		
Feb 25 2006	Wonderful Location . Visually stunning		
Jan 21 2006	Nice hotel service rubbish		
Dec 12 2005	Great Location Poor Service		
Nov 27 2005 	Unique hotel of comfort and relaxation on the Creek		
Sep 19 2005 	Absolutely Wonderful Resort Hotel in the Middle of the City		
Sep 19 2005 	Excellent - génial		
Mar 29 2009 	Elegant et confortable		
Dec 30 2008	Oase der Ruhe		
Aug 20 2008 	Ein Traum		
Mar 24 2008 	Wunderschönes Hotel Aussicht genial!		
Jan 11 2008	Schönes Hotel- bei dem Urlaubsflair aufkommt		
Oct 26 2007 	Stupendo!		
