Nov 12 2009 	Paradise	Fabulous place, fantastic service and excellent food, the weather was scorching in february!	
Nov 12 2009 	Nice place only restaurant Al Hadheerah was disappointing	Reception/Check In: Check In was ok, sometimes concierge was not at place.Room: Arabic style room as described on hotels home page. Bathroom well equiped. Free botteled water.Pool: Great pool area with nice views into the desert. Service here was good, some free fruits or ices but no free water at pool.Restaurants/Bar: Pizza and international restaurant ok. Roof to lounge good place to relax. Al Hadheerah restaurant is not the announced traditional arabic style restaurant but more a Oktoberfest-like noisy place with queues at almost all meal stations. The entertainment was extremly loud and importunate. The souk area consists of max. 6 market stands. Conclusion: If hadn't had that last evening at Al Hadheerah it would have been the perfect escape.	
Sep 14 2009 	Probably at its best off-season	We experienced none of the shambolic disorganisation as previous reviewers have - we found the staff helpful, courteous and knowledgable, and even though the hotel is currently undergoing renovation, this didn't affect our stay and we found it was pretty discreetly done. We enjoyed a relaxing stay in delightful surroundings and would definitely go back again. That said, I would probably personally avoid the place in peak season (as I have been advised by friends) as I can well imagine it has less than a relaxing feel at near-to-full occupancy with the pool full and kids running around everywhere. It was full enough for our liking when we were there. The desert restaurant was great but wouldn't do it more than once as it has the same format each night (at least it did when we were there). We did the organised desert 4x4 eco drive and thoroughly enjoyed that (took child's car seat in the hotel's jeep and he had a great time too).	
Sep 5 2009 	had a nice time	Despite other negative reviews on this site, i am writing to say that we enjoyed this resort. The staff were first class, from collection at the airport right through the 2 days we were there, i had no negative experiences. The pool area is very nice with plenty of sun loungers and very attentive and friendly staff.Would go again.	
Jul 26 2009 	enjoyable but not outstanding	We had picked this property for a post-honeymoon weekend get-away particularly because of supposedly good reputation and also the location. Having stayed at many beach properties it was time for a change. The location is rather unexciting; if you expect real, high dunes around it or in front of your window, you will be disappointed. The desert around it is fairly flat. The poolside layout and the multiple pools are very nice and enjoyable; so is the bar that you can actually swim to. The Italian Restaurant was closed, which was not highlighted to us upon making the reservation and this left us with very little choice on the F&amp;B side. either the international restaurant (buffet) which also has a 2-pages Indian a la carte menu, or the highly overpriced Arabic dinner &amp; show (where none of the employees seem to know the exact opening timings for). The rooms are pleasant but considering the space should not be a constraint if you build a hotel out in the desert with nothing around you, they are very small. the terraces are pleasant but do not feature any fans - which again, having the desert location, might be something useful.The bar - wide, open and lovely decorated - has the exact number of 3 fans ....unluckily we were the 4th couple to arrive and therefore no fan was available. Kind of unlogic, when you think of layout and purpose of the hotel, that they would only provide 3 fans throughout a big wide rooftop bar. The food was a big disappointement throughout the stay. The same menu seems to apply for all outlets, and the word deep-fried applies to every item on the bar menu. So generally speaking, we still had a good time because we enjoyed a weekend away, but the product is not have as thrilling as they publish it in the massively thick photo-book that is displayed at the Front Office.The only thing that really bothered us, was the lack of service. This is by far not a 5-star-service quality and by the end we were just taking it easy and actually starting to joke about it, finding it rather amusing, to see a consistency in non-existent customer care. (greeting, smiling, opening doors, volunteering to assist etc.) The staff seems just utterly un-caring, not interested and could not be bothered with the guest. Friendly smiles are rare, pro-active guest approach does not exist. Our expecatiatons in that regard were certainly high, and as you are paying premium rates, you would expect at least a bare minimum of customer service. There are about 2 or 3 motivated souls in the F&amp;B department who do make an effort to enquire, to talk to the guest and to ensure you are pleased with whatever you want. All others seem to be not happy and motivated. What a pity though, because that is what makes a difference whether or not a guest returns. For a 2day weekend it was fine; not thrilling and not necessarily to be recommended if you have high expectations on guest service. One of the reasons it was nice, was because the hotel seemed quite empty. Would not suggest to go over a holiday period, because than it might be rather crowded at the pool. The walls of the guestrooms are very thin and you virtually hear your neighbours and the room above you too. The Spa is nice, treatments are very good, but again the extra step of customer service is not done.All in one, ok but not outstanding.	
Jun 8 2009 	Tranquil relaxing hideaway in the middle of the desert	We were looking for a long weekend away from the hustle and bustle of Abu Dhabi and we found exactly what we were looking for at Bab Al Shams. The resort is tucked away in the middle of nowhere! About 45 minutes from Dubai and an hour from Abu Dhabi. Upon arrival you are greeted by a small complex created in the style of a desert fort. This has been created with the aim of providing intimate spaces, each equipped with seating areas with cushions for relaxing on.The room was very comfortable with a Arabian theme. All mod cons were sympathically added to maintain the overall illusion. The hotel facilities are excellent and if like us you just want to relax poolside, then this is the place to come. The pool staff are extremely attentive and constantly brought fruit skewers and botles of water to cool us down in the desert sun. At one point I had to turn down the second free ice lolly as I just couldn't manage another one! As we only stayed two nights we were only able to try out two restaurants. The first night we ate at the Al Hadheera. Which whilst having a great selection of food was a little OTT. The theme park style and the entertainment was bearable for one night but on the second we headed to another of the hotels restaurants. The food was again excellent but the quiet, open air, under the stars setting was much more pleasing.Overall we had a fantastic stay and from the moment we arrived till the point of departure the staff could not have been any more helpful.This is one of the few hotels I will consider returning to. If I need a relaxing long weekend away then this has the perfect mix.	
May 14 2009 	great for quiet weekend getaway	I had concerns about this place after reading the reviews but I was pleasantly surprised. The purpose of the 2 night break was to have quiet family time by the pool and that's exactly what we got. When it got too hot we just hung out in the kid's club. All the staff were helpful and happy. They were all great with my son and spoiled him rotten. We used the babysitting service and it was good. We were actually quite sad to leave by the end of the weekend.	
May 4 2009 	Romantic retreat just outside the city of Dubai	We enjoyed a really lovely 2-night stay at the Bab Al Shams desert resort including a gorgeous aromatherapy massage. Could happily have stayed a few more days, had it not been so ridiculously hot, as there is plenty to do. Hell, there's even an aerobics studio. Surrounded by sand, this hotel - which feels more like a Moroccan Kasbah - has one of the most spectacular swimming pools, or series of swimming pools, I've seen. And a croquet lawn, which does it for me every time. We dined at Al Hadeera: the show is not all that, but the setting is very dramatic and the buffet - especially the mezze and the skewered meats - is pretty good. We also had a pizza and a fatoush at the rooftop restaurant which serves decent cocktails (recommend the Desert something-or-other). Unlike the hotels in the city of Dubai, the soundproofing leaves something to be desired. But at least we knew our neighbours were having an equally, um, romantic stay. Special mention for the wide wrought iron sun loungers around the pool, which really are exceptionally comfortable. A great place for all age groups.	
Apr 24 2009	Shortened our stay immediately after arrival...	We booked a 3 night stay at Bab al Shams to enjoy the silence and beauty of the desert. As we arrived we immediately could feel the &quot;Disneyland-style&quot; of this resort. The room was ok, but not worth the 400 Euro we had to pay for, the whole pool area was smaller than expected and they overloaded the area with sunloungers in some extent 3 rows in series. We felt like sardines in a box. So we shortened our stay to 2 nights, which was still quite long time to endure. Due to easter-weekend they organized a horrible Disney Parade for the kids, where most of them already left because they were frightened of the loud music, the boxes where just installed 5 meters behind our sunloungers. Lot's of people were really annoyed about the loud music and wanted to relax but no one of the service personel really took this serious. And as expected in other hotels you may get a drink for free or something but not at Bab al Shams. In this context, the personel must be very badly paid, they are so untrained and unmotivated, this is unbelievable for a 5 Star resort. I am a business traveller for 8 years now and I never had such bad hotel experience compared to the price.One further experience was the dining at the italian restaurant. We had a complimentary rate with dinner and breakfast, but they tried to explain us, that we had to pay for the food. Funny thing was that my spouse wanted to order some fresh basil on the pizza, and they didn't even knew what this is, they brought us some oil where a basil plant was illustrated on the bottel, really funny. And they present this as excellent italian restaurant.....At checkout the items for dinner were on the bill, but as I mentioned this to the receptionist, he immediately erased the positions. I can only say &quot;Nice try&quot;, I assume they earn a lot with tourists who are not checking their bills in detail. Bab al Shams - never again!	
Apr 22 2009 	Bab al Scams terrible service overpriced unloved resort	The resort, the food and the service do not justify the star rating or prices. The service is slow, they have security around the pool area which is really off putting, they don't have a clue. We have stayed in a number of 5* properties all over the middle east and the rest of the world. The prices at Bab Al Shams are totally overblown for the quality provided, the buffet is low grade ( compare it to any Shangri La and you'll see for yourself) the staff are untrained, slow and unhelpful. The only highlight is the Al Heedehra ( Sp?) restaurant which has a fun floorshow - good for kids and for a bit of eastern promise, but at 70 GBP per head, it is only just good enough - and you don't need to stay at the hotel to enjoy it - We went because it was specifically recommended for families, their childcare and attention to detail was terrible. From no cot in the room, through to a broken cot with a loose nail our baby nearly swallowed, to no babysitter arriving on time ( although when she did arrive, she was very sweet). Room service was slow and persistently got the order wrong. To top it all - we were sitting outside our room enjoying a late evening drink in the cool of the night when the automatic sprays went on and we were completely soaked. Just typical of the amateurish style and lack of attention to detail that sums up this poor property. The spa was noisy and small - a far cry from the luxury promised and again, totally not worth the money.Overall it feels like a lovely location, totally unloved, the restaurant is clearly where they make their money, and the hotel feels like an afterthought. A real shame. if you dont have children under 12 go for the Al Maha desert resort ( run by Emirates) which is totally lovely, spectacular rooms, great activities, wonderful location and of the quality you'd expect. In fact any of the top hotels in Dubai would be a better option - from the One and Only through to the Fairmont - both have great spas and the first comes highly recommended for families too. Bab Al Shams has a lot of improving to do.	
Apr 16 2009 	Bab Al Shambles	The setting is beautiful, accomodation is OK, food choice limited, and the service absolutely terrible.Arriving on the first morning at 8am, after an overnight flight, we had pre - requested early check in, this didn't happen. We didn't get into all of our rooms until 3pm. Requested a bottle of champagne to go with breakfast at 10.30am - we were told that company policy was that no alcohol can be served before 12 midday!The main restaurant was closed for the first three nights. The food was average, the service was appalling. Everything had to be asked for a minimum of three times before it was very reluctantly and very sulkily delivered by unmotivated staff. The staff regularly argued in front of the guests.After one very bad evening service in the roof top bar, when I complained about the service (45 minutes to get a drink), the waiter laughed and asked me 'what do you expect, we are under staffed'. The reality is that they are not understaffed, they are overstaffed and VERY BADLY MANAGED.The assistant food and beverages manager did his best to rectify the situation on the last day - but too little too late.It is such a shame that such a lovely place is so badly run.Won't go back.	
Mar 14 2009 	Would love to return	Did 2 nights here after reading about the Al Maha but not quite able to justify that expense....maybe someday! I have never stayed in the desert before but would come back here in a heartbeat. Loved the traditional decor all around. Special mention must go to the pool area, one of the best I have ever experienced. It looked quite breathtaking next to the sand and offered many interesting places to splash or lounge around in, with various depths, concrete shapes to recline upon, an infinity pool, jacuzzis and a separate kiddies pool. It was just an extremely relaxing, restful and peaceful place to spend the day. We were there midweek so it may have a different vibe on the weekends. The staff were friendly but basically left you alone, which I like. Breakfast buffet was impressive but I can't comment on the nearby theme restaurant except to say it just looked and sounded a bit too gimmicky. Sorry, I am sure it is fun with a group of people but as it was midweek and just my husband and I, we thought it would not be for us this time around. We prefered to play with the giant chess board poolside, excellent fun, and borrowed a lovely handcrafted backgammon game for the duration. Don't miss the rooftop bar for a shisha at sunset.. 2 nights was definately too short but more than 4 or 5 could become a bit boring.	
Mar 1 2009 	Nice not value for money	Situated in the middle of the desert, a beautiful hotel. the architecture is very very good.the rooms were cozy, with internet facilities. i was not very happy with the food at the hotel or at the famous hadheera restaurant. when we visited hadheera it was packed and the service was not as good. the kids club was a disappointment and our son was not very keen on the so called activities there. the tv was all they had to offer.The spa was first class. the staff was very good and catered to your every need. the spa was worth coming back for. Our son enjoyed the horse ride in the desert, the hotel arranges for you to be piacked up and dropped back at your pleasure.We arrived at the hotel on my birthday so were happy to find a birthday with candles and everything showing up in our room just as we walked in (we had not asked for it) it was a pleasant surprise.	
Feb 26 2009 	Perfect setting and accommodation - but.....	We had been out to the Al Hadheera restaurant in 2005 and had a wonderful evening and vowed to come back some time. It was my husband's 60th birthday so I chose to take him here for a romantic weekend with nice food and wine. The setting and accommodation were first class but the food was a major disappointment.We went to the Al Hadheera restaurant the first night and the service was very bad, it took us three attempts to get a drink, in between interruptions of getting our photograph taken. We had 8 slips by the end of the night - far too many!We had a snack on the rooftop terrace of tempura prawns and vegetables, tempura batter it was not - would have been perfect on battered haddock back home in Scotland!The next night we went to Al Forsan resteraunt, where we expected great things - but it was very much a lunch time menu, with battered fish and chips and a club sandwich among the offerings! We opted for the Indian menu, which amazed me as my husband doesn't like Indian food! Although this was nice it was not what I expected to be eating!The breakfast food and service there was the best of the whole lot.All in all very disappointing.	
Feb 21 2009 	so so romantic	we spent our honeymoon here.. it is the best honeymoon location.. 3 different pools, resturants under the stars, great facilities, so so romantic!	
Feb 11 2009 	Top-Quality Getaway	Though only an hour (or less) outside of Dubai, Bab al Shams makes you feel much farther away. It is in a very serene, mid-desert setting. The architecture and landscaping are very appealing, and the rooms have both character and style. The water features (pools, fountains, etc.) throughout the grounds provide a wonderful ambiance. One evening as I was passing through the lobby I just sat and listened for a while to the live oud music. This place isn't cheap, but at least during my stay everything was done to perfection.	
Jan 25 2009 	Really nice location	We arrived at Bab Al Shams on January 2nd as a first part of our trip to Dubai, and spent 3 pleasant days there.As we arrived at the resort early in the morning and our room wasn't ready, we took advantage of their facilities staying by the pools. The resort is located in the middle of the desert (almost an hour by car from Dubai Airport) and there's nothing to do there.. just relax! We spent our days sunbathing by the huge pools of the resort (one of them was heated so we could swim even if the temperatures weren't too high). Staff at Bab Al Shams is really nice and always ready to help you: they booked us restaurants for the evening, a desert safari, etc. Rooms are very spacious, lovely and stylish, typically arabian but with a twist we loved. It's easy to get lost in the resort because of it's particular architecture and also because it's soo big! Unfortunately restaurants are not the bests i've dine in, they're just ok. In my opinion the best is the Indian one, if you like spicy food. During the evening is nice to stay at the roof top bar, sipping some drinks and smoking shisha (it seems that everyone in the resort go there, sometimes it's difficult to find a free table!).We enjoyed our stay at Bab Al Shams, and i'd recommend it to everyone who wants to live (for a couple of days) something different from the chaos of Dubai.	
Nov 30 2008 	Divine desert Resort	This was my second stay at Bab Al Shams, The first being when it just opened in 2005 and now June 2008. Even then I was greatly impressed and it has since undergone much renovation and additions to restaurants, pool and entertainment areas. The setting is just too beautiful and the rooms are so rustic with a typical arabian theme, natural yet discretely luxurious. There are many huge pools to relax by and evenings spent at the roof top lounge are so relaxing. A dinner at Al Hadeera is a must and I must also compliment the Al Forsan restaurant for lovely breakfast and dinner.As we travelled during early summer, the Masala restaurant was closed but we were able to order Indian cuisine from Al Forsan. Although there were signs of work going on this didnt bother us at all. Since my visit I believe the lobby area has been extended to include a large lounge area as well.There is much going on in the surrounding desert area including the construction of a ampitheatre . I am sure Bab al Shams will only keep getting better and I can`t wait to return. For visitors to the Uae and locals alike who would like to escape the frenzy of Dubai, then Bab al Shams is just ideal.We had spent the first few nights at the Al Qasr / Madinat Jumeirah, also in the outstanding Jumeirah chain and I will review that separately .	
Nov 3 2008 	Awesome as usual!	Bab al Shams is the ultimate Arabian getaway! The staff is ever so friendly and helpful. The hotel is interesting, even if you get lost you really don't mind!Nice pools and lots of activities. Restaurants excellent. Go to Al Hadeerah for supper, its an Arabian-style buffet with a show as well. You want to go back night after night! Book ahead of time.The pools were really nice - although they keep them pretty cold! (I guess its because it's so hot outside)They are presently working on a huge expansion to the hotel but you can't see it because they have banked up sand on the construction side. And we didn't hear any noise at all.We saw a lot of families this time around and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves. We plan to return again - this time when the new part of the hotel is finished.	
Oct 25 2008 	great experience	We stayed at the bab al shams during april 2008. The weather conditions were excellent as extreme heat was not present at this time of the year. The hotel itself has one great advantage. It's in the desert! It is quite a unique feeling. There is no point to review the service only or the size of the bed or the size of the toilet etc, but the whole experience. The design of the hotel is excellent. The theme is that of an Arabian village, with lots of natural materials, narrow 'alleys' and open courtyards with a pool or a water feature, It is really tranquil and isolated therefore it's not a lively holiday destination, Pool facilities are excellent, really nice pools although the water was a bit hot for my standards.. Sun loungers are plentiful and comfortable. Try the extremely cold shower that runs all the time next to the pool system. The rooms are great,clean and plenty of amenities. Book a room that faces the desert and not the inner gardens. It is really nice to wake up and drink your coffee or tea staring at the dunes. The food is nice, as is breakfast. You must try the al hadeerah, Although you feel it is very &quot;touristic&quot; the place is lively ,a very nice setting ,and you get the chance to taste some delicious arabic food or some bbq from the huge selection. It also has live entertainment throughout the evening. If you do the desert safari with a jeep, book to do it early in the morning as the heat makes it uncomfortable later on. However it is not something worth doing. An open top land rover and a driver that drives like a maniac in the middle of the desert.... The final opinion is that the place is worthwhile for a weekend- 3 days max. More than that you get bored.	
Oct 12 2008 	It's losing it's edge!	We booked the BAS after staying there in 2005 as we thought it was such a tranquil and calm place after staying at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel and the Jumeirah Emirates Towers on SZR. I did find out shortly after booking that there was some work being carried out. I tried desperately to contact the BAS reservation desk to find out more about this but I feel that I was fobbed off with excuses. We arrived on the last day of Eid and the hotel had been 100% occupied but there was an exodus on the day we arrived.The Hotel has 115 rooms but they are planning to extend this by another 100 by 2010. To screen the work taking place, they have bulldozed a huge 20 ft wall of sand along the area by the infinity pool which used to look out over the sand dunes but is now the area which is being developed. There was noise from the construction vehicles that was evident if you sit around the pool, also you can see some of the vehicles as they build this mountain of sand. That aside, the hotel is still nice. The Al Forsan Restaurant is good and the roof top bar is great. They have live local music and shishas. The Al Hadeerah restaurant is overrated and a bit naf it is mainly used by bussed in tourists from other hotels and at £65 per head not the best value for money.The rooms are good but a bit on the dark side - need more adequate lighting. You can get lost in the maze of walkways as we did several times. Staff were great, very helpful. After complaining about the disruption due to the construction the management compensated us. It is a bit of a drag from the airport, 160 dhm one way, but worth it. However, after this proposed development the hotel would have doubled in size and therefore lost its uniqueness amongst Dubai hotels. Sometimes their policy of the biggest is the best is not always true! We would not go back in the near future. We like Dubai and have been there many times, but it is slowly losing its charm.Bamboo	
Sep 26 2008 	No way 5 star	The hotel that offers so much and yet delivers poorly.Imagine a hotel in the desert,sitting by the pool with beautiful views of the desert lanscape..well all you can do is imagine..The pool areas are beautiful and plenty of them,the pool staff are very attentive and brought us towels before we even had a chance to ask for them,they also brought us a plentiful supply of cold towels and chilled fruit on sticks,the pool area is vast and beautiful but is spoiled by the large sand dunes created by the diggers which blocks the dessert views you would normally see from around the pool area...it would appear they are expanding the hotel.The rooms are great,clean and plenty of amenities apart maybe from storage if you were here more than a few days,even free internet access,which I am using just now to write this review :).Walking around this resort is fun as you can easily get lost (just imagine an Indian Jones street scene) with lots of turns and small water areas which in truth are great for hiding away from the sun and burying your head in a book, but at night its a little too dark in places as you make your way back to your room.We went Full Board as they had a special deal on because of Ramadam..Breakfast on the 1st morning was great in terms of service as we were late (due to me setting my watch wrongly) but the staff accomodated us and were very attentive unfortunatley after that it was like a game of roulette..you just didnt know what to expect in terms of service..Tables were not set up properly when you were seated,not what you expect from a 5 star hotel,no salt or pepper,no sugar or milk,no water offered,no preserves on the table at breakfast and then having to wait 10 mins after asking for it,staff constantly coming to the table ask to take your plate away even if your partner is still eating.In the evening they gave us there summer menu,which in truth because the hotel only had a few guests was in my opinion was pre cooked food,we went for the Indian menu,despite reading previous reports of the Indian food being of good quality,we were both dissappointed in the fact it didnt offer a starter with the menu and the food was poor and the bread gave me jaw ache as it was so tough and chewy.The wine list was so overpriced,dont get me wrong I am not one of these people who is tight with their money but I am not stupid either a bottle of Non Vintage champagne does not merit a price of £230..When I can get 2 bottlesof vintage D.P at The Cliff one of the top 50 restaurants in the world at that price.The hotel is miles from anywhere and you are a captive audience so come prepared take advantage of the duty free shop as you come into the airport in Dubai..the shops in the hotel offer a very little apart from 5 star prices..Communication is a big problem so be clear what you ask for and if necessary ask for written confirmation because when it goes wrong it nobodys fault.We booked a complimentary Jeep Safari and went to the pick up point,waited 30 mins and then we were told we hadnt booked it despite my protestations that I had,so we couldnt go..we arranged with the hotel for a taxi to take us the &quot;nearest mall&quot; we were taken to Mall of Emirates which is the furthest away but not before we were taken to another hotel &quot;oh sorry sir hotel told me to take you here&quot; despite me telling the driver and the lobby staff where I was going too and confirming it with them..In my many travels I have to admit when you have multi-cultural staff working together you always find there is a bit of friction amongst them and this was clearly evident when we went to the much acclaimed Al Hadheerah restaurant,which is attached to the hotel by a short walkway into the dessert,at one of the cooking stations,a Filipino cook asked his Indian colleague to get out some chicken Kebabs for a lady client,he clearly ignored home 3 times and told him to do it himself,despite the fact he was doing nothing and the Filipino was serving guests..I have found many times that Indian staff are more laid back in serving guests whereas Filipino staff are very attentive and keen to please..As someone who has cruised on a number of times I have to say that for service you just cant beat it and maybe it has spoiled me.Whatever your looking to achieve by coming to this hotel I am certain it could be acheived by going somewhere else	
Aug 31 2008 	Interesting location and nice hotel	No problems when staying at this hotel. We stopped off for a few days on the way back to the UK from Japan and were met in the airport, escorted through immigration (by-passing all the queues) and driven to the hotel, about 30 or 40 minutes outside of Dubai.Being situated among the dunes, it's not a lively holiday destination, but the hotel was very good. Nice rooms - large bed, large bath tub and generally well appointed. Fresh fruit was delivered (sometimes twice a day), and the staff were competent and friendly. Little things make the difference, and when one of the staff members found out my wife is Japanese, we received faxed copies of a Japanese newspaper along with my English copy. A nice touch, I thought.Food was good (especially the Indian restaurant), as was the pool. All in all, and good place, and with complimentary transfers and access to the Jumeirah's beach, it was relatively easy to go to the coast for a swim.	
Aug 15 2008 	MIxed views	We visited Dubai in Nov 06 and were surprised by how much we liked it. So we decided to stop in there on the way home from Thailand on our honeymoon. To be honest, we were dissappointed by the desert resort after our previous stay and Mina-al-Salam but we are unsure whether its only because Mina was so good. The plus points of Bab-al-Shams:Very nice roomsGuaranteed nice weatherBeing in the desert is quite a unique expericenceBad points:Service from pool side waiters was very poor - lots of staff but more interested in talking with eachother than serving. Poolside bar was understaffed and overworkedI feel a bit bad giving it a bad review because it wasnt terrible, it just wasnt great. I think it was overpriced for what it was and to be honest I dont think I could really recommend it to anyone and I wouldnt go back	
Jul 29 2008 	Beautiful place	I think it's a shame that this hotel is not shouted about as much as &quot;the other&quot; desert resort - from what I've seen, it's much better looking (maybe I'm being fickle).We stayed here for two nights on the 'last leg' of our honeymoon, which first included the Mina A'Salaam followed by a week in Zanzibar. We were excited about coming back to Dubai as we'd been amazed by it in the first part of the holiday, and the Bab Al Shams did not disappoint - it's a shame we only got to see it for such a short time.The resort itself is AMAZINGLY beautiful - we loved the design of the place - getting lost in the narrow 'alleys' and suddenly coming out into an open courtyard with a pool or a water feature... The room was very pretty... the food was fabulous...the pools were lovely and the falconry and camel rides (complimentary) were a great idea.The only downside was when we first checked in. We had receieved an upgrade to half-board as an early booking offer through our holiday company, and we had had problems with this even before we left the UK as it showed up B&amp;B only on some of the documents and half board on others!! They assured us it would be on the hotel's records when we got there, but me being me made them put it in writing just in case. And it's a good job we did! But really this is a snipe at the agent not the hotel - they were ok once we'd shown them a print-off of the confirmation.I guess the only reason I didn't rate this as the full 5 orange blobs in this review is cos we weren't there long enough! But I'd certainly recommend it, and it's a fabulous way of seeing a different side of Dubai if combined with a beach/city stay. We're planning to go back!	
Jun 8 2008 	Really Nice Place!!	I recently stayed at this hotel for three nights. The setting is outstanding as it is set in the middle of the desert so it is really tranquil and isolated. The rooms are all Arabian themed and very spacious with enormous beds and bathtubs!!We found the service very good around poolside and never waited more than 5mins before someone got towels for the sunbeds. The infinity pools are amazing, and very improtant as it gets really hot!!We ate at a la carte restaurants for two of our three night stay, and at Al Hadheerah on one occassion. We felt the a la carte restaurants were much better value as you got a high quality of food for a competitive price. However, at Al Hadheerah we felt that the price of around £60 per person was way too much. The setting is outstanding, as is the selection and quality of the food. However, the entertainment was awful!!!I would definately recommend this hotel, although i would give Al Hadheerah a miss and it is quite pricey!!	
May 23 2008 	nice but not the top	My wife and I spent three days in this resort. The theme is that of an Arabian village, with lots of natural materials. The room had a huge bed, all the facilities you expect from a 5 star hotel and a nice “balcony” area (although we were on the ground floor – the hotel is a “low rise” design with only two floors). The bathroom was also very nice, with a huge sunken bath.Nice the pool with a sufficient number of sun beds but the pool service was not as fast as a guest can imagine in a five stars place. We had a dinner at Al Hadheerah restaurant:our first impressions was very spectacular: it is a very nice setting, with a huge selection of food and live entertainment throughout the evening. But as everibody knows a buffet is not the top for people who loves to eat great food. So we had a better time at the Indian restaurant. the day after with a menu &quot;a la carte&quot;.The final opinion is that the place is worthwhile for a weekend but i'd not spend more days and money to stay longer.	
May 10 2008 	Nice hotel dreadful service	Firstly, let me mention some background details. I live in Dubai, and have plenty of experience of 5 star hotels and restaurants, and the service levels they offer. I travel frequently and clock up around 80-100 nights in hotels worldwide in a year. I have reviewed many hotels on TripAdvisor, and am (I believe) generally balanced and fair (see my previous reviews to decide for yourself).Having said that, I will now explain why the Bab Al Shams was one of the most disappointing hotel experiences I have ever had. My wife and I had booked a one night break, as it was our wedding anniversary and my wife’s birthday the previous week. It was a chance for us to get away from home and Dubai for some relaxation and pampering. We chose the Bab Al Shams as it was only 30 minutes drive from home and appeared to offer exactly what we needed – a relaxing weekend break.The problems started when we arrived at the hotel around 2.30 pm. We were kept waiting for around 20 minutes before we got to the check in desk. Warning bells were sounding when we heard other guests complaining about long waits for rooms and luggage that had not been delivered to their rooms. One helpful member of staff did offer us water, chocolate and a cold towel. When we finally reached the reception desk, at around 2.50, we were told that our room would not be ready for “about 1 hour”. This was despite the advertised check-in time of 3.00pm. We were told that we would be called on our mobile phone when the room was ready. When we booked the room, we had also booked at the Al-Hadheerah restaurant – we tried to confirm this booking after checking in, to find that the hotel had no record of it! Fortunately there were still tables available. After unpacking our luggage in the reception area to find swimming costumes (during which time we were approached by a newly appeared member of staff to ask if we “needed any help!”), we went to the pool area and relaxed with a bottle of beer, although we were disappointed that this was not properly chilled. The pool facilities are excellent, really nice pools at the correct temperature. Sun loungers are plentiful and comfortable. A little later we ordered a bottle of water (temperature was over 40 degrees C), which had still not appeared after 30 minutes. By 4.30pm we had still heard nothing about our room, so we called the reception desk from the pool bar (the pool bar staff being unwilling to assist). We were told that the room was ready and we should “come and collect our keys”. We asked for the keys to be brought to us at the pool, which was agreed…. but never happened! We finally gave up around 5.30pm and collected our keys from reception. We were shown to our room, where our luggage had already been delivered.The rooms are excellent, as is the design of the whole hotel. The theme is that of an Arabian village, with lots of natural materials. The room had a huge bed, all the facilities you expect from a 5 star hotel and a nice “balcony” area (although we were on the ground floor – the hotel is a “low rise” design with only two floors). The bathroom was also very nice, with a huge sunken bath. The only negative point about the room was that there was some mould growing on the walls around the bath – again this is not what you expect in a 5 star hotel.After changing and relaxing for a while, we headed for the rooftop bar for “sundowner” cocktails. The service was initially very helpful, and our first order of drinks was delivered to our table promptly. The cocktails were excellent, and we wanted to order some more…. but could not attract the attention of any staff member for more than 30 minutes… by which time we simply asked for the bill.We headed for the Al Hadheerah restaurant, walking through the dunes. First impressions are very spectacular – it is a very nice setting, with a huge selection of food and live entertainment throughout the evening. We enjoyed the food, although it is extremely expensive for what is basically an Arabic buffet – many places in Dubai offer much better value. The evening was again spoilt by the service – we waited ages for a bottle of water that never arrived. The final straw was when my wife was at the bar chasing aforementioned bottle of water, when she turned round and was hit on the head by a waiters tray, receiving only a cursory apology. We decided to leave at this point; the evening was ruined by this incident. When we returned to our room, we had been sent an anniversary cake, which was a nice touch however it was a little late in the evening to enjoy it!The following morning we enjoyed the breakfast, which was of a high standard with a good selection of food. We relaxed by the pool again and enjoyed the facilities, although whether it was really necessary for the gardeners to be cutting the grass at this time is debatable! We should mention again the member of staff that showed us where the breakfast restaurant was (the same gentleman that offered us water when we checked in) – he was the only person who really showed that he cared about us as guests in the hotel. We tried to find out his name as we were leaving, but none of the other staff appeared to know! He wore a white dishdash and headdress. We would like to thank him for his efforts.When we checked out, we were reminded just what an expensive “treat” this had been – very nearly US$1,000 for one night, one dinner and breakfast. The room rate is one of the highest in Dubai, and the fact that the breakfast was not even included in this made things seem even worse. Another bugbear of mine – hate dealing with reception staff who do not focus on the job in hand, and answer phonecalls at the same time as trying to check a guest out of the hotel. No one asked whether we had enjoyed our stay…. except…. yes, our man in the white again!In summary, the Bab Al Shams is a very nice hotel, in a nice location. The concept is great, the facilities excellent. What let’s the place down is the lack of attention to details, and the frankly shoddy customer service. There appears to be a real problem with a combination of staff shortage, and staff that are either not trained properly or just don’t care about customers. This is a serious issue for the management of the hotel.We have stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, and eat there regularly, including on Christmas Day last year. We know that the Jumeirah Group are capable of much better standards, which is why this bad experience was both a disappointment and a surprise. I only hope that the shortcomings will be addressed to make Bab Al Shams the great hotel it could and should be.	
Apr 30 2008 	Wonderful	We had a wonderful stay at the bab al shams. The food was fantastic and the rooms were very nice. My one request would be that they require the children to stay in the kiddie pool, or at least have one adult only pool. On the weekends, there are many children in the pools.	
Apr 7 2008	Fabulous place – impeccable service – definitively 5 stars!	We stayed for 3 days at the Bab Al Shams. The place is manicured and beautifully built. The architecture is based on old Arabic fortress with a few sand dunes. The huge swimming pool(s) are kept at a cool temperature which in the heat of the desert is a blessing. The sun beds are numerous which means nobody has to sit next to someone if they do not wish to. The service was outstanding and we could not fault even the room service. We sampled the desert open-sky restaurant and – despite the extra to be paid – is worth it with a belly dancer and other shows. We also sampled the spa and would highly recommend the hot stone massage as well as the ear candle. Professional and respectful women are treated by women only and men by men.The camel ride must be done before the sun starts burning as out of the resort the heat takes its toll very rapidly. An outstanding location for “getting away from it all” or as part of a stop over (our case) but we did not feel more than 3 days would have been appropriate as you really are far from anywhere else.	
Mar 14 2008 	Loved it	As this was our second visit to Dubai and we stayed on the coast first time round, we wanted to find something a little different for this trip and we certainly did with B.A.S!!This was the 1st part of our honeymoon, with us moving on to Banyan Tree Maldives after.We arrived at BAS around 10am, and although I had requested an early check in, I wasnt that hopeful and sure enough the room wasnt ready. This was not a problem and we made use of the pool for a few hours. (When we checked out though, we stayed on resort until late as we had a night flight, and one gripe is that the hotel does not offer courtesy rooms. For a 5 star resort this was pretty poor to be honest. There is a decent changing room by the pool, but inevitably you need to sort out a few last minute bits of luggage etc and we had to do that on the floor in the luggae store room).However.... on the plus side, as we were there early we asked to have a look at a choice of rooms, and basically selected our room, which was nice.Arriving in the resort is a little wierd really. It is about an hour transfer by car and most of which is spent driving through barren desert. You cant help wondering what you are going to arrive at !The resort is styled as an old fort and really does feel that way. The grounds and architecture are really lovely. It definitely comes into its own at night time though. Hundreds of candles and lanterns light up the grounds and pool area and it is beautiful. My photos probably dont do it justice but a few are attached.There are 4 restaurants on the resort. Al Forsan which is the main one which hosts the breakfast and lunch buffets and a buffet dinner most nights. The breakfast is probably the best selection I have ever seen. Delicous ! I know dinner buffets arent up everyones street, but I cant recommend this one enough, absolutely first rate.(The lunch buffet is a little pricey as all you really need is a snack lunch, so we only ate in here for lunch once and had pool snacks the other days)There is also a very nice pizza restaurant and an excellent Indian.The &quot;highlight restaurant&quot; Al Hadeera, unfortunately we didnt get to go to as my wife wasnt well that night. But its supposed to be very good with Arabian entertainment etc.We stayed 5 nights and loved it. The place is very tranquil and relaxing. Fridays and Saturdays are quite busy as a lot of Dubai residents seem to use it as a weekend retreat, so if you want to make the most of the peace and quiet, book in here Mon - Thurs. It wasnt too bad though even at the weekend.The service was very good and friendly, as you would expect of a hotel of this standard, however maybe there was a lack of &quot;going the extra mile&quot; from the staff. Its hard to put my finger on, they didnt do much wrong but didnt really impress us either.Our booking was on a Bed and breakfast basis and over and above this we spent about £100 per day on food and drink. (Bare in mind that my wife doesnt really drink, so we were not over doing it by any stretch, so certainly dont budget for any less than that !!)Overall I would strongly recommend BAS. It is a perfect choice as part of a 2 centre holiday, either spending part in one of the Jumeirah hotels on the coast (I can strongly recommend Al Qasr) and then a few days here, or just as part of a Dubai stop over on the way somewhere else. I am delighted with our choice as a prelude to the Maldives. (If you want to visit the city centre though or other Dubai sights then this would not be the right choice of base hotel as it is pretty much in the middle of no where!)A couple of reviews said one or 2 nights is enough. I wouldnt agree with that. I would say 4 or 5 nights is about right (we stayed 5). There are a few things to do such as Desert 4 x 4'ing, but if like us you dont really fancy that then bring plenty of books!! For us it was just peace, quiet, tranquility and relaxation all the way.Any questions please dont hesitate to drop me a line and i will try and answer them.	
Mar 4 2008 	Great place but lacks the shine on the fifth star	The location in the middle of the desert feels (and is) miles from anywhere. The main road to Dubai from the hotel is pretty trying with lots of traffic and construction delays. Don't use Bab al Shams as a place from which to explore Dubai. That said, Bab is such a relaxing place that you may not want to leave.The room (ground floor with &quot;garden&quot;) was great. Lots of space for two adults and infant in cot (sharing the room). Facilities were good, so too the aircon. Clean and welcoming. Garden space was fine - a relatively private place to relax, but not much more than patio size.The food was good at the Indian restaurant - highly recommend. Breakfast was a huge buffet with great variety. The roof top bar was good but unadventurous. For a five star place, the nibbles were disappointing and the cocktail list could do with further ideas.The main negative comment is the lack of awareness by the staff. On the whole, they are all very nice, but just lack a sense of &quot;switched on-ness&quot;. You are paying top dollar for Bab and you feel that it could deliver a bit more. There are exceptions - the chef in the Indian restaurant went out of his way to make some puree vegetables for our baby son, the room maids were quick and efficient, and some of the staff by the pool were great.The front desk was general chaos with no one seeming to take charge of a problem, or ownership of sorting it out. Room service was painful in getting an order through (an not worth the wait / hassle when it arrived).Bab al Shams may be five star, but they just lack the sense of service found elsewhere in the world. As a location it is fantastic and facilities are great, but be aware that staff awareness for client need is not high on their list.	
Jan 14 2008	Perfect get a away stuck in the desert outside Dubai	This hotel is perfect for a desert experience without risking your life in a sand storm or running out of water! Very nice luxury property (like all of the Jumeirah resorts) and a truly once in a lifetime luxury desert experience. Highly recommended for every one who visits Dubai. One or two nights is enough to give you the &quot;desert feel&quot;.	
Dec 25 2007 	One night stay was really nice!	We stayed only one night. We did alot in that one day and had a great time. Girls swam, rode camels and horses and played in the sand dunes, rode bicycles and played miniature golf. Our room had a direct view of the sand dunes. Quite peaceful and quiet little balcony which I had coffee in the morning and listened to the birds. The breakfast was nice in the morning and it had all types, even Japanese breakfast foods. We went the night before to the dinner in the dunes. Your regular belly dancing, camels, horses, etc. Expensive, but food was good. I don't know if I would stay more than one night here. We had fun for two days and we definetly paid a grand price for it. Definetly a Jumeriah property - the staff is friendly and well trained.	
Nov 20 2007	Honeymoon	Pure unashamable luxury! You are greeted with arabic tea and dates when you check-in. Typical arabic rooms with views of the desert, complete with amenities in the bathroom, mini bar and daily treats of fresh fruit.Once a week all guests are invited to the managers cocktail reception, where we met the manager and mentioned we had just got married, when we returned to our room a bottle of wine and cake were waiting for us.The pool area is something else, very relaxing and the most comfortable sun loungers I've ever used. Just before dusk every evening we were treated to a falconary show on the dunes along with rugs and cushions to sit on and camels to add to the ambiance.All the bars and restaurants are of a very high standard, and make you feel very very special being in such a wonderful place, it's like being in a different world.	
Nov 7 2007	Amazing Resort with subpar Service	LOCATION: Excellent. You get the feeling that you are really in the middle of the desert and yet only 45 minutes away from the main parts of Dubai. Not the best location if you want to spend most of your time seeing the sites of Dubai. More for relaxation but there is a complimentary hotel shuttle that departs at 10:30AM and comes back in the evening time (one per day). BED/SHEETS/PILLOW: One of the most comfortable beds I have ever stayed in. Sheets were of high quality linens and pillows were down and perfect (I must admit I rarely give such high reviews of hotel beds).LIGHTING: Ok, not great in the bathroom and poor in the bedroom. One of the darkest rooms I have ever been in, but perhaps it’s part of the Arabic theme.BATHROOM/SHOWER: Bathroom was really nice, with a large tub and great shower with very strong pressure and consistent temperature that can get very hot.TOILETRIES: Excellent quality even though in unusual packaging.CLEANLINESS: The entire room and hotel common areas are exceptionally clean.A/C: Quietly kept our room very cool. Disliked that we could barely feel the air on our face.CLOSET SPACE: Enough space for 2 to unpack most items.STYLE OF ROOM: Exceptional! Arabic theme was great and the room had beautiful furnishings and décor. It was nice seeing the sand from our room. Supposedly all rooms are the same size, the only difference is the view. QUIET/LIGHT: Our room was very quiet at night yet sometimes could hear foot steps from the room above (it may be better to get an upper floor room, not sure how this would affect the view).FOOD: Good to excellent. We had 3 meals here and found the pool restaurant to be good and the Indian restaurant to be excellent (and I eat Indian food all the time).TV/INTERNET: Great size TV (not flat screen). Tons of English channels. Internet is wired in the room and is fast.SERVICE: This is where the hotel doesn’t impress. Fortunately everyone is nice but they just don’t deliver good service. There are tons of staff everywhere at the hotel but they don’t seem to help out the guests proactively. Expect to hunt them down for your request and to perhaps ask twice to get things done. COMMON AREA: Spectacular. It’s the perfect setting with the perfect hotel style to make this hotel special. The infinity pool is impressive as it appears to end in the sand dunes. The lobby area is also themed and very well done. Camels and falcons are available to entertain guests before sunset. TIPS:. Definitely go to the Indian restaurant. A cab ride to town will be from 70 to 100 Dhs (US$20+). If you want to eat the the Burj (sailboat hotel), make reservations before you leave on your trip, all the restaurants book early and there is only one at the top. Be sure to book lunch since we were told there is not much of a view at night. Perhaps book a few nights here and a few in the city. I strongly suggest staying here if you can deal with the fair service provided, the resort is truly amazing and a real desert experience.	
Nov 3 2007 	Big customer service problems	Jumeirah run a bunch of hotels around the world. That in itself should say &quot;good quality&quot; or &quot;sure bet&quot;. Bab Al Shams delivers on location and facilites, but staff managemnt sucks. Bab is a pretender.The staff are great - the staff managers are incompetent. Shangri-La Hotel in Oman has got its act together - when you pay top dollar you get awesome service, you don't need to wait too long for service by the pool, your restaurant waiters are observant, and check-in and check-out are a breeze.Bab Al Shams is a poor cousin. Nothing is quick or smooth. Pool service is pot-luck. Check-in and check-out are a trial. The whole operation is ad hoc. Depending on when you arrive at check-in or check-out, or at the pool or a restaurant, can determine how you are treated.The ultimate problem, therefore, is consistency. Bab Al Shams does not have it. It could be so awesome. You pay a lot for a stay at Bab, but it just doesn't deliver.Lift your game Bab. Lift your game.	
Oct 29 2007 	Nice hotel architecture versus poor Management	This comment is written by business/leisure travelling couple with lots of mileage under their belt and plenty hotels/resorts eperiences to compare to. If you are used to excellent and courteous service, superb spa and sports facilities, this hotel resort is not for you. Though the architecture and features are appealing and reflecting an &quot;arabic desert setting&quot;, the expected unique experience is killed in its tracks by the appaling service and attitude of management. Let us reflect on our recent 4day stay: checking in at 11pm, our booked room class is apparently &quot;fully booked&quot;, a message we receive by a discontendend staff and only after a lot of noice and at midnight (!) were we assigned to our room in line with our booking (misteriously someone just checked out?). This after a long flight. We booked in advance spa treatments and were suprised to discover a cramped and small place they call Spa. My massage was a joke: I must have been the therapists second customer..although my husband was treated to a professional good massage. Our mani/pedi was really professional but we had the treatment in a room which could have been their broom closet. Very much an amateurish Spa and I wonder where the resort takes its name &quot;Resort&amp;Spa&quot; from. The gym is equally not worth mentioning and a handful bikes and stairmaster are stuffed in a small room. Our room was a Deluxe Balcony: nice features, comfortable bed but very poor lighting fixtures, also in the bathroom. So if you are a lady and like to blow dry your hair or apply cosmetics with light, this will be difficult. Room service ok, neglectant to detail; the hallway to the room &quot;featured&quot; left dishes at all times of the day/night. The restaurants are nice, try the Indian Restaurant and the Pizzeria for its superb Pizza. But, alas, the Pool and Poolside Snack-and Drink Bar was hopelessly understaffed and we felt very bad watching these ladies and gents to do their best to satisfy customers. Emmerie especially, tried to keep the place organised and Hanzhi, a waiter, tried very hard to fill the gap of badly needed staff. They both need to be commanded for keeping the otherwise chaotic situation in check. Where was the Management? Very, very unprofessionally handled, topped by very, very, rude reception staff when checking out, for example, when asked whether we had taken something from the minibar and we said no, she called the room service to check immediately! By the way, every time we walked past the reception, someone was complaining. Very strange experience. All in all a Hotel which is not up to standard at all to the rest of Jumeirah Hotels whose Hotels we've been visiting and enjoying in the past at numerous occasions. And no, it was not Ramadan this time!	
Sep 27 2007 	amazing setting great 5* hotel	We only stayed for 4 nights as we used this resort to vary our stay in the jumeriah al qasr hotel in dubai whilst on honeymoon. The hotel was beautiful and very strange being such a well equiped hotel in the middle of the dessert! The infinity pool was amazing and the view of the sand and camels from the room was great, there was a brilliant rooftop terrace bar where there were cushioned seating areas and an open fire and the view of the sunset was unbelievable - such a perfect setting esp for a honeymoon.The food was ok/nice - not to the standards of the al qasr but was ok the buffet was nice but the main menu was a little limited probably due to the location. There is also an italian restraunt which was lovely. I mean we were happy as of course you can't have such an idilic setting and relaxing atmosphere in the middle of nowhere and the choice and food of being in the city!This was lovely for a totally chilled out 5 days from the constant shopping temptations and things to do in down town dubai as you are about 1.5 hours out from the centre so it is lovely and peaceful not ideal if your looking for entertainment which we weren't however 4 nights was long enough any longer and i think we hay have been a little bored!Again for a 5* hotel you get exactly what you expect if not more so, nothing can prepare you for the amazing setting!!	
Sep 25 2007 	Spectacular	Stunning location, spectacular hotel in style of old Arabian fortress, superb service, delicious food, ALL the restaurants were excellent - including the Al Hadheera Bedouin Buffet 500 meters away which you will be zoomed to via breakneck-speed golf cart, live music everywhere, competent and super-friendly staff, this may be the less luxurious of Dubai's two desert hotels - but it is deservedly five-star nonetheless. Bathroom amenities and small gestures were in abundance, poolside service included cold refresher cloths and chilled melon. Be aware that it is 80 kms from the airport - i.e. about a 55 minute drive, and about 45 minutes from Dubai city - and literally in the middle of nowhere, surrounded only by sand. If you're looking for the full Arabian experience with camels, shishas, Arabian music in the background and dates on your pillow instead of chocolates, then this is the place! The spa has superb experienced staff - all of them professional and friendly. Nothing about this placed made me even think about raising an eyebrow. Except perhaps the fact that the sand is full of sidewinders and scorpions and that desert beetles look like eggs on legs - you can almost hear them approaching. Do not venture into the desert sand at night. I WILL be going back - it was simply fabulous.	
Sep 6 2007 	First class luxury for the whole family	We stayed at the Bab Al Shams for 5 days from the 16th August 2007. We were a party of 5, 2 adults, three kids, ages, 16, 13 and 11. This is an absolutley amazing place, we had a fabulous time, and wouldn't hesitate in going back. But beware! It is exackly what is says it is, a 5 star hotel in the middle of the dessert, so if you need more excitement close by then this hotel is not for you! The design of the hotel is like an arablic/morrocian fortress, all low level. Every tiny bit of the hotel has been designed to a very high standard, its a pleasure just walking round looking at the everything! All the photos do not do this place justice. For example, we were worried about the size of the swimming pool for the kids before we went, but the pools are really good, lots of interesting features in them, all tastefully build, the horizon pool facing the desert is just fantastic.If you are looking for a &quot;chill out&quot; hotel that is stylish then this is for you. The rooms are excellent, again the design is not your average hotel room design, the bathrooms are incredible! The sheets were changed every day! Everywhere is spotlessly clean. The food is great, although the Al Hedera is a bit pricey, but includes open air arabic entertainment, including belly dancers, camels, horses etc... Everyone that works at the hotel is very friendly. There is a free shuttle bus to Jumeria beach hotel daily, which is very close to lots of attractions like the water park (you can walk to this from Jumeria beach hotel, although they also have a shuttle bus every few minutes to take you anyway!) and burj al arab and ski dubai, not to mention the mall of the emirates. The hotel lays on desert trips in land rovers or camels which is worth doing also. Excellent!	
Sep 6 2007 	Nice hotel but not in the authetic desert	The hotel is nice... but it's not in the real, authentic desert you imagine (or at last I imagine), with golden dunes and no lights but night.Al Hadheera restaurant, it's expensive and meal is worse than Al Forsham, where you pay the show more than the food. BTW, we had a bad experience in Al Hadheera, as our table was in a place that hadn't good see of the stage (OK, we didn't book in advance) and there was a looooong time until we were served the starters.Pools and standard room, very nice. And also the roof and the pool bars.	
Aug 11 2007 	Simply the best!	We've just arrived home from the UAE. It was a roundtrip and one of the highlights were our stay at the Bab Al Shams Desert Resort and Spa.First we must talk about Daniel the concierge, becuse he was very very helpful with us, but we cannot say any bad words about the others, they are all the highest level of hospitality.The hotel is amazing, the pools, pooolside area, the rooms, and the Al Hadheera Resturant together look like as a dream about the orient have came true.Hard to write more, becuse I always feel to go back asap, but it can happen only next summer.	
Aug 10 2007	Nice but not spectacular	We stayed at Bab al Shams after staying five nights at Al Qasr in Dubai, which might be the reason for our slight dissappointment. After having had a superb experience at Al Qasr, our expectations for Bab al Shams were very high. Service and accommodations were very nice, but less than five star. Had Dinner at Al Hadheerah Desert Restaurant, which is the Arabian restaurant about 300m from the hotel. Found it to be very overprized and a complete tourist trap where waiters sing the Happy Birthday song at a different table every ten minutes, because the birthday person eats for free! Would have preferred to experience another restaurant at the hotel in retrospect.	
Aug 5 2007 	A Comfortable Place to Stay in the Hot Desert	Booked two nights (July 30 – August 1, 2007) at the Spa Pampering Package rate of 700AED per night including one half hour massage. Having stayed the previous two nights at the Jumeirah Madinat Resort, we used the complimentary transportation to the desert resort. We were greeted at the vehicle and assisted inside where we were offered Arabian coffee and dates. Our check-in was fast and efficient and we were escorted to Room 222. The resort is spectacularly serene with area appropriate décor. It’s exactly what a desert spa should be. Our room did not have a great view or a balcony, but with the great bed and wonderful bath…who cares. The bed is the biggest I’ve ever slept in, about the size of two doubles. The sheets are cool and soft with lots of pillows. A nice window seat is perfect for reading (although the lights are dim). The bathroom is incredible with a large tub with little alcoves. The towels are perfect. The amenities are in the coolest little containers and I just had to take them. In the room was fresh fruit, a gift box of dates and complimentary bottled water. It was hard to leave the comfort of the room, but we were there to see the desert.It is so hot, even after the sun sets. But it is so beautiful, you just endure. We were set up by the pool first thing in the morning and we stayed put all day. As long as you stay in the pool, mostly underwater, in the shade from one of the thatched roofs, it’s not too hot. When it gets really bad, there’s a neat waterfall that showers you with chilled water. Trust me, you need it!We ordered bottled water and ice and enjoyed a tray of mixed mid-eastern appetizers from the pool bar. Around 4:30 PMout of nowhere, two camels came walking across the dunes. Their handler brings them over close to the pool. Guests can take complimentary rides, what a thrill. Later there’s a falcon show.We couldn’t bring ourselves to pay the 360AED for the dinner show. We did endure the intense heat and watch the sun set from the roof top bar and then went in the Italian restaurant for dinner.Again, we used the complimentary transportation back to the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. Our stay was perfect duration; we had arrived about 8 PM on Sunday evening, spent all day Monday and departed at 10:30AM on Tuesday. That gave one full day to enjoy the pool and the evening activities.The Bab Al Shams Desert Resort is a comfortable way to get a full appreciation of a visit to the desert, even in the heat of the summer. If you go to Dubai, make time to go.	
Jul 19 2007 	A nice but very average hotel	We stayed at Bab Al Shams after 5 nights at the Grosvenor.This hotel offers a completely different experience as it's an hour's drive from Dubai, in the desert.The hotel is built on a typical Arabian theme.The site itself is beautiful with rooms around courtyards and the pool area is great. There are jacuzzis in the swimming pool and a bar. I especially liked the shaded, seating areas in the pool where you can spend the time sheltering from the heat!Around 4 o'clock every day, there are free camel rides on the dunes, followed by a falconery display.You can also book to go out on the dunes on a 4x4 but unfortunately there weren't any spaces for when we were staying.The room was nice and we were upgraded to a suite. I did feel that they were a bit dingey as there wasn't much lighting but i suppose that was part of the Arabian style. Unfortunately, we constantly compared this hotel to the Grosvenor and it really did not even begin to match up. The food was fresh and good quality, but limited and the other restaurants and bars around the site were dead! We were the only people in them on both evenings.Bab Al Shams is a nice hotel but always felt empty. The only thing to do is the Al hadheerah restaurant which looks great fun (we didn't go) but a bit expensive.On both days we were there, busloads of German tourists would descend on the hotel in the late afternoon, which made us think that maybe the Bab Al Shams is used by tours just as an overnight stop-off for the Al Hadheerah experience.As with most of the Jumeirah places i visited in Dubai (Burj Al Arab, Wadi Water Park, Madinat Jumeriah, Mina Asalam, Jumeirah Beach hotel) the service and friendliness all felt a bit forced. This is noted when you are constantly asked to fill in the customer satisfaction forms and see the questions about whether you were greeted with a smile, blah, blah, blah.Anyway, in conclusion, what doesn't please one person could be a perfect holiday for another. This was not my type of hotel. The Arabian-style hotels in Dubai seem too fake as they have been purpose built. I prefer the Grosvenor as it doesn't want to be anything it's not. It depends what you want.Saying that, Bab Al Shams is a five-star hotel so obviously if you stay here you are not going to find anything that awful. As the choice of hotels in Dubai is so great, and the reason why most people want to go there is for the absolute luxury of the hotels i wanted to underline that this is not one of the best choices.If you like a VERY quiet location and poolside. This place is an absolute haven.	
Jul 7 2007 	A Palace in the Desert	A bit over an hour’s drive from Dubai into the desert, this place can only be described as an Arabian Palace in the desert. There is a free shuttle bus from Dubai at 6.30pm and another free shuttle bus from the resort to Dubai in the mornings. Driving up the private road, lit by flames all the way to the entrance, you feel as if you have entered another world. A warm welcome by the well trained staff, our bags were whisked away and we were settled into our beautiful room before we knew it. The whole place was all Arabian style décor and lovely artwork adorned the walls. There were robes, slippers, fresh dates, fruit and cold water. The bed was enormous. Bigger than a king size and the pillows were just sensational. We were just so exhausted and all we wanted to do was to have a shower, have something to eat and a good nights sleep. We did just that and had a light meal at the Al Forsan restaurant, which was where we had breakfast for the next 3 days. Breakfast was a feast. The breakfast room looks out over a croquet court and in the distance you see the Palm trees and just sand, sand and more sand. Now the food here was nothing less than 7 star. There was so much we did not know where to start. We decided we were going to have something different everyday. We tried camel milk and loved it. We had tiny bowls of beautifully presented crème caramels, creamed camel rice, all decorated in little pieces of mango and strawberry. Some of the fruit, we had never eaten before, but it was all very sweet and tasted fantastic. There was a whole Japanese section, a huge section of Danish pastries croissants and cakes. Eggs done every way imaginable and a chef to whip you up anything you wanted. We decided to go for waffles one morning and there were about 10 different toppings to put on and my partner asked the chef for cream as we did not see it on the buffet. Next minute the chef ran out the back and came back with fresh cream in a bowl and whisked the cream. He said we don’t like to put cream out. They like to do it fresh for everyone individually. So our breakfasts were fantastic each morning. The pools are amazing. There is one huge pool that goes on forever. Another one the same size, is a heated spa and you can swim over the bubbles and just lay there and be gently massaged under the watchful eye of the 4 lifeguards, who sit there all day under an umbrella. The pool attendant, Thomas was amazing. He looked after us so well. He would see us arrive at the pool, offer us drinks and towels. Nothing was too much trouble and always smiling and happy. All of the staff greeted us with happy smiles and could not do enough for us.We tried all of the restaurants, the same thing, service was unbelievable, and food was excellent.The Al Hadeerah Restaurant just had to be the icing on the cake for us. It is a traditional outside Arabian restaurant about 300 metres from the resort, so you can walk through the desert path, lit by flames or they will take you by buggy. As you arrive at the restaurant there is a huge red carpet you walk down and either side is lit up with flames and fairy lights. Standing to the left of you are 6 beautiful Arabian horses and their riders and on the right are barrels of fresh fruit and vegetables and wagons with big pumpkins piled high.You are welcomed by a beautiful hostess and head waiter all in traditional dress and taken to our seat. The buffet, which is all outside is nothing short of amazing food stations that have different varieties of food. They have lamb on a spit, a huge seafood and steak BBQ and you can choose your fish or meat and they will cook it for you. There are huge prawns and lobsters, two stations just with shish kebabs being bbq'd and a vegetable wok in the middle. Tables and tables of salads fruit and deserts and an ice cream stand. For starters, you are brought bowls of dips, salads and bread. There is an Arabian band playing on a big stage and above the stage on the sand dunes there are camels being led over the sand dunes. After the camels, come the beautiful Arabian horses and their riders and they put on a great exhibition of riding and stunts. We settled back into our comfy little lounge and just enjoyed the whole thing. A wonderful singer, an Egyptian dancer and of course the fabulous belly dancer kept us entertained, so in between the buffet and the entertainment we almost forget to go to the arena next door for the camel rides, market and Falcon exhibition.After having my arm painted in a lovely design with Henna paint we head off home for a lovely walk back to the resort.Next day we decided to have a massage in the Satori Spa and also booked the steam room which we found we could have to ourselves. Beautiful. 3 days was not enough at the Bab AL Sham Resort. We booked this as a last treat to relax after spending 6 weeks in Europe racing around, seeing sites and having a great time. We just wish we would have booked a week. Bab Al Sham truly is a Palace in the Desert.	
Jun 22 2007 	nice hotel but iffy service	We arrived at this hotel at 9am on Sunday 3rd June for a one week stay.We had specifically booked for June as the brochure price incuded free half board.Our room was not ready on arrival so we were ushered off to have breakfast (which we were charged for). We then sat around the pool and our room was eventually ready at around 11.30am.The room itself ws decorated in what I would describe as a &quot;minimalist Arab style&quot; but nevertheless very pleasing especially given the range of toiletries available (including a shaving kit for you men!)Whilst we had received confirmation of free half board from our travel agent , me being me wanted to check whether we could eat in all restaurants (excluding the Al Hadheerah) on this free basis. When we got to reception they told us that we weren't booked on half board at all!!! 30 minutes of haggling later and we sorted this out (and were told that if we ate at &quot;le Dune&quot; or &quot;Masala&quot; we would be limited to 150 dirhams credit per person for food). However on checking out, our bil included the cost of all meals! Again, 30 minutes of discussions sorted this out. The pool areas, restaurants and bars were very nice (although we never ate at the Al Hadheerah as we thought it was a bit expensive for what you got). Most of the waiting on staff were competent (except for &quot;lazy&quot; Haleem who I am going to name and shame) but the reception desk staff seemed completely uninterested and ignorant. I would suggest that they go on a customer services course. Overall the service was inconsistent from excellent to very poor.Now to our final day....We had already told the reception staff we would be checking out at 11am as we had been down earlier to check our (incorrect) bill. However on arriving at the reception area for checkout (and having had to carry our own cases because the porter never turned up) we were swamped by a group of 77 Germans, a tour group who were checking out en masse at the very same time. It took us 35 minutes to reach the reception desk which made us late for our transfer back to the airport.We would happily have checked out earlier if we had been told about the mass checkout at 11, or one of the staff could even have come and sorted this out in our room. But no, the only response we got from a member of staff was &quot;you will just have to wait in the queue like everyone else!&quot;. This is not what I would expect from a 5 star hotel. With this in mind and taking into account our overall experience at the Bab al Shams, I would class this hotel as a decent 4 star or a poor 5 star. The service was definitely not what I had been lead to believe I would get in Dubai (and definitely not what I have experienced in other 5 star hotels across the world).Finally I would suggest that you take booking details confirming all of the options you have chosen and check your bill!	
May 21 2007 	Absolutely amazing	Where do I start with a review on this hotel. My husband booked a holiday as a surprise for my 30th bday and when I found out and read the reviews on this hotel I was to say the least a bit dubious about going but it was all booked so off we went for a week. We only returned today (20th May 2007) and the first thing I want to do is stand up for this hotel and let people know exactly what it is like. We arrived early on sunday morning and we were unable to check into our room but in fairness it was 6am..breakfast starts every morning at 6.30 so we were able to go there and waste a bit of timing while waiting for our room. We got checked into our room by 9.30am and from then on I have absolutely nothing but amazing things to say about the place. The staff could not have done enough to help us. The first evening when we arrived back to our hotel room there was a chocolate bday cake waiting for us with &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; on it as they knew it was my bday from the booking. We ate between Al Forsan and Le Dune for our entire stay and both were brilliant. The buffet in Al Forsan gives you the choice to go for an all you can eat for 165Dirham or just two courses for 115 which I thought was great because most buffets only offer all or nothing. The pizzeria was my favourite though as the pizzas are made right in front of you and the chef interacts with the customers and was only too happy to cater for my awkward palate. On completion of our meal we decided to move out to the rooftop bar and the staff insisted on carrying out the wine and water and wouldn't let us do it at all. Then when it comes to the room service that was out of this world. Our bed linen was changed every single day...we got laundry cleaned for us and on calling service one at 9.45 we had someone at our door to collect it before 10am and then it was returned all completed by 6.30 that evening for 16dirham for my blouse...for that service you can't go wrong. Then the room services come into the rooms in the evenings aswell and will do a full clean again...light a nightlight in the bath to set the atmosphere put down mats on each side of the beds along with turning down the sheets leaving chocolates or dates...oh and you get fresh fruit every morning left in your room...all your toiletries are layed out nice and neatly in the bathroom..any clothes would be folded..I can't say one entire bad thing about it at all. We even were in the room one day until after 2 and the lady still came in when we left even though we had really missed the morning clean as we were in the room.The staff around the pool were also so friendly...we were never waiting for anything for any length of time. They were busy from the thursday till the saturday and still they were very efficient. We were greated by our names after the first day or two by most of the staff that seem to work 6 days a week there.We also used the spa and again it is brilliant and well worth it...the massages are the same price as you would get in any high class spa.We went to Al Hadera on one night which is the arabian themed restaurant that is out in the desert and adjacent to this hotel. We went because it was right beside us and felt that it would be a shame to miss it. This is probabably if I was to complain would be the only thing...it is a bit overpriced for what you get. Again it is 350dirhams per adult and that is for the show and all you can eat buffet but drinks are extra. Go if you want to just say you have been there but again in hine sight we probably would have had just as enjoyable a night in the hotel.So all in all it was a brilliant holiday the hotel does not deserve the reviews it has got on this site but again they are other peoples opinions..try it you will definitely go back I know we will..	
Apr 30 2007 	Great Service at Bab Al Shams	After reading the negative service reports I was not expecting much from this resort. What a pleasant suprise - the service was amazing! The night manager at the front desk was wonderful to us - he even planned a very special evening for us at Al Hadheerah where the singers all came to our table to sing a song for our Anniversary. They brought us a cake, special drinks, and even gave us a photo from the celebration. In addition, the housekeeping team pressed a blouse that I had left hanging in the bathroom - that is a first for us. The concierge was also wonderful and very efficient. This is a great resort that everyone should visit.	
Apr 25 2007 	Great time in the dunes	great hotel, far from the dubai construction craziness. stayed there in mid april 2007. dunes are great, weather was great, pool was great, food was great, decor was great and construction quality was great. the let down was the service (except in the outside retaurant) and the reception staff who are just useless. Also make sure you get them and call ahead to confirm and re-confirm anything (from cars to rooms, to late check out) Compared to the one &amp; only royal mirage, it is a much better hotel for my tastes, but the staff lets it down.	
Apr 17 2007 	A lovely different experience for a short stay	We have just returned from a holiday in Dubai. We stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel last year and loved it and decided this time to combine a week at the JBH with 4 days at Bab al Shams which we went to first. Loved the hotel (although the rooms and bathrooms were a little small compared to JBH and with very little storage space). Although only 3 years old it has a very authentic feel, lovely touches like the lit torches at night. The roof top bar is great, you really feel like you are in an Arab country. All pool work referred to in other reviews appeared to have been finished, pool was gorgeous. Of the 4 days there we had sand storms on 2 days which really did stop us going outside - we can to cancel a couple of things - a night at the Al Hadeera which is great but all open air, and horse riding, as it was just too windy with sand blowing everywhere. Also kids club is not that great . However, it's a great place to start of the holiday, a real chill out place - 4 nights is definitely enough, we were glad to move on to JBH which was fab. Probably won't go back there but it really was a fantastic experience.	
Mar 28 2007 	Service Shambles at Al Shams	On our recent honeymoon we stopped off in dubai and thought it a good idea to sample another side of the Emirates, the desert. The hotel is around an hour by car from Dubai airport and looks great as you approach and enter the grounds. The problem with Al Shams isn't the facilities, grounds or even the food, its the service. The basic premise for what they call service is for the staff to tell someone else, thereby absolving themselves of any responsibility for the room/drink/food/car which you had just ordered.The other major gripe is their lack of pricing on things and although it is a resonably priced resort it is always nice to know what you are being charged. Al Shams certainly isn't a five star resort with an atmosphere akin to an 80's jaunt to spain. The service will annoy people who have stayed in other (good) hotels in the Dubai as Al Shams simply doesn't make the mark.	
Feb 18 2007	This really is a desert retreat	During our recent holiday in Dubai, we visited the Bab Al Shams for lunch and were given a tour during the afternoon by the manager, who was very helpful. We were able to get a good view across the hotel from the rooftop terrace reserved for the hotel customers with suites and it was from this view that you could see what gives this hotel the wow factor. The three pools were beautifully designed and constructed and there seemed plenty of space for sunbathing or sitting in the shade.As other reviewers have already said, its position is isolated out in the desert and the taxi journey is a good 40/45 minutes from the hotels on Jumeirah Beach. We thought the hotel looked like an arabian fort out in the desert with palm trees surrounding the area.Lunch was very good with a very wide choice of dishes and deserts. The service was very good and the restaurant was pleasant.We were able to wander around the site, which seemed to exist as a multitude of buildings and courtyards on different levels.I preferred the outside to the interior of the hotel. Perhaps because we were staying at the One and Only Arabian Court, I felt there was a lack of space here in some of the corridors and public facilities.It will be interesting to see how the hotel copes with the desert in the long term because the sand dunes will shift and the infinity pool edge is adjacent to the dunes.Overall - a very nice place to come on holiday for a total retreat but personally being so fond of the city, if we came to stay here it would have to be combined with a longer stay at a hotel where the malls and sites are only a short taxi ride away at a moments notice.	
Feb 14 2007	Nice Hotel Poor Service !	We just got back from a week at Bab Al Shams. I would say the stay was too long as there was little to do except the desert activities which you get through quickly. We got a little bored.The hotel design, layout, pools etc are very nice and although not authentic of a good quality. Rooms of a good/average size with huge beds. Restaurants and food excellent - especially the Indian where the staff recommended some great food. The spa was nice, expensive,but great treatments of a quality you would get in a top London Spa.There was a terrible sandstorm during our stay which meant we couldnt go outside. The upshot of this was that the pools were full of sand ( childs pool area shut for 2 days). I felt very sorry for the poor staff cleaning the sand off everything. Makes you realise how close nature is and how at the mercy of the desert the resort is.The low points relate to service. Requests are always slow to happen, poolside drinks take 30 mins to arrive, our room was not made up on 3 days (when chased it finally happened in the afternoon), our transfer back to Dubai was not booked and we were left hanging around for an hour, the service on the rooftop bars is so slow it is backwards etc etc.If they get the service sorted this hotel will be great and fantastic for a short stay. We wont be going back as the service issues niggled too much,especially when you consider the prices for the rooms.	
Feb 9 2007	Thrilling Equestrian Adventure	My concierge arranged for me to go horse riding at Bab al Shams. It was FAR but worh it. Riding in the desert was really relaxing. I had a well schooled horse and soon I was cantering like crazy up and down the dunes. Not bad for a nervous Nelly. When you go ask for Joe from the Phillipines. He was great and really helped me get comfortable in the desert setting.	
Feb 2 2007	Very Very Nice	After shifting between 3 hotels in 3 nights due to a shortage of over priced accomodation I located this gem in the desert (although the bright lights or Dubai are fast approaching). First thing to remember is Jumeirah is the name of the company which owns the hotel, it is no where near the Jumeriah Beach or Dubai Marina, it's about 70kms away which can take 30 minutes or 2 hours getting out of Dubai at the wrong time of the day! Secondly finding it is a real challenge. I was unable to easily find a map on the web and the tourist map you pick up in Dubai simply points south toward the general location of the resort, most of the roads don't exist. Once here, you'll be in for a treat. Maybe the style is not really local Arabic as they portray in the marketing (more Moroccan than antything as many of the fittings will exhibt) but the ambience is exceptional. I experienced none of the issues with staff that other travellers had mentioned in this website although I was only here as a place to sleep during the working week so I did not use any of the facilities other than the pool, but my laundry was done promptly and the room was immaculate. Never had a bigger (enormous) or more comfortable bed. There were few people around and it was very quiet. The place is a maze to walk around but that adds to the fun of it, you're sure to get lost once trying to find your way back to your room at night. Take your camera, everyone must shoot plenty of pics, the thought put into the design is impressive. It's certainly a destination for honeymoons but there were several families with kids and no one seemed to mind. Make the effort and stay a night or two. I'll be back.	
Jan 5 2007	Beautiful exotic hotel but service standard is irregular	My husband and I stayed at the Bab Al Shams from 24th-27th Dec 2006. The hotel compound is absolutely stunning and it is surrounded by the desert. The rooms are excellent with a bath for two people. We had a room with a view of the desert ; it faces west for stunning sunsets. The best part of the hotel must be the swimming pool. It's beautifully designed with an infinity pool with a background of the sand dunes. The hotel is ideal for a romantic get away rather than for clubbing. It's an hour + away from the city but I loved the space and you could see so many stars in the evening.The dissapointment, however, is the service. It is somtimes good and sometimes aweful, depending on who you are with. One reason, I figured, is because all the staff (save for the guest relations) are from overseas : Indians, Iran,the Philippines etc. My guess is they don't particularly enjoy their lives in Dubai; they are there just for the work. And that reflect in their way of treating people. I try not to take it personally but it does taint the whole experience. In fact, that kind of summarise my experience with Dubai. You hardly meet a local!	
Dec 19 2006 	So much better 2nd time around	Having been to the hotel with the odd problem in February we returned with a high expectation.SUPERBWe booked direct with the hotel and they met us inside the airport and took us to our room door.Lovely room with terrace and the new pool, area is wonderful, large warm never crowded and the views………….The new restaurant is a great improvement with many more outside seats. We sat outside every night. Staff very kind and respond well to a chat we had super service. New rooftop bar not a patch on the old one far to bright but we had a terrace to sit on whist son watched cartoons and daughter spent needed time in the bathroom so never mind. We were there for Eid and the UK half term so the hotel was very busy but you would have noticed. Every one had a sunbeds with space and the service was very good.Jumeirah policy is to say hello to the guests I counted 17 hellos between my room and guest services!!I have to say travelling with 2 kids this is my favourite hotel at the moment there are lots of kids here from many backgrounds these days but they were all without exception civilised and a credit to their parents.Bliss in the desert for an overworked mum I don’t need perfect service but kind service and to sit at sunset by the pool with a glass of wine while my kids play and the husband is chilled is as good as it gets.	
Nov 25 2006 	Peace and quiet in the desert	We have just returned from a week's trip to Dubai, during which we stayed at Bab Al Shams for 4 nights. We had just stayed at the Ritz-Carlton for 3 nights and absolutely loved it, so were unsure about how we would like Bab Al Shams. Everything isn't perfect at Bab Al Shams, but once we accepted that it wasn't as good and stopped nit-picking, we did enjoy it for what it was.The pools are great, but seriously watched over by about 6 life guards. The water is ozone treated, so not chloriney, and a beautiful temperature. We stayed in for hours.The rooms are really nice - roomy enough, quite stylish, and the bath tub is big enough for 2. There is quite a good choice of restaurants and the roof-top bar is great for drinks after dinner. We weren't that into the music though - a little boring after a while.It does have to be said that the service is not great though. It's like they have read a manual on service, and anything which deviates they just can't accommodate. The quality of the staff is just not up to scratch, although everyone is quite friendly.The spa is very expensive - they had just put the prices up by 20% from the prices that were e-mailed to us. The old prices were pretty much what you would expect in a resort anywhere in the world. The new prices are more than what you would pay in an exclusive spa in London (and their staff costs are miniscule compared to London).The desert drive is also not worth it - one hour driving on dirt roads, a couple of times going up a few sand dunes. It is quite expensive, and we felt it should actually have been offered as a free activity.The highlight of our stay was the horse riding. They use the stables next to the hotel owned by Sheikh Mohammed, and the horses are all Arabian ex-race horses. So with just a little encouragement, they're off. The hard thing was getting them to slow down (usually it's the other way around with trail riding). They do have a ring for beginners though. We enjoyed it so much we went twice. It was such a delight riding through the dunes.Oh, and the pizza is pretty good too. And you can order the pizza from the roof-top bar, if you want to eat in real comfort.All in all, we really enjoyed the stay - just don't go with too high expectations though.	
Nov 12 2006	So much better ...	We stayed here soon after it first opened... but what a difference with the new (VERY LARGE) pool area, new restuarants and a finished complex !QUIET - ideal if you want to totally chillHORSES - Partner went riding - believes the Arabian Stallions used are first classBEACH - everywhere ... but if you miss the sea, they run a complimentary bus to the Beach Hotel.ROOMS - wonderfully dark - ensures a great sleep.	
Oct 28 2006	Great Hotel - Very poor service	I have stayed in the resort twice now, and each time had a different experience. The first was magical with great service and the beauty of the resort blew me away. I am sad to say my next stay in sept 06 was a very different story. Normally I am a big fan of Jumeirah hotels and have stay in there best .. burj, madinat ect. and the service standards are great, but during this stay there was a complete breakdown in standards of a 5 star resort. On arriving it took over 1 hr to claim my bags (after ringing the front desk twice). They lost my restaurant reservation and left myself and guests sitting at a un made table for over half an hour. The rooftop bar service was the worst service I have every seen in dubai, I have to do self service and also made a compliant - to this the manager just said she was short staffed !! (I am staying in a 5 star resort) they should have staff, sorry I am been a bit picky but normally if you stay in Jumeirah hotels you will have the best service and standards, but unfortunately not in this resort!	
Oct 24 2006 	Fantastic but the 'activities' let it down.....	This is a top quality hotel in the middle of the desert. The pool is spectacular and the view of the dunes at sunset is lovely.The bar is now finished and is a wonderful place to relax, drink, try the shishas etc. The service is excellent. We spent many hours in there watching the sun set and staring up at the stars.The new Indian restaurant is now open - we went on their 2nd night - the food is excellent and well worth a visit. We let the waitress recommend some dishes and we weren't disappointed. One of the best indian meals we've ever had.The only negative thing to say about the hotel is the choice and quality of the 'activities' they offer. We wanted to drive over the dunes in a 4x4 or bune buggy. The only activity they offered was being a passenger in an open top jeep driving over the small dunes round the hotel. This didn't sound very exciting so we opted for the camel safari instead. The actual 'safari' was basically sitting on a camel for an hour whilst it is lead over the dunes. Our guide didn't speak English and clearly didn't enjoy his job much! He basically listened to his ipod for the whole safari and didn't once turn round to see if we were OK. This seemed disappointing considering that it cost £25 each.Nevertheless this is a lovely place to stay and well worth spending a few nights at. Be warned though - it is hot!! It was 44 degrees in October so we spent most of our time in the pool!	
Oct 15 2006 	Desert Heaven	Just returned from a four day break . It was superb . This was our first visit and we can advise that the rooftop bar is now complete and the service was excellent.This place really is in the middle of the desert and it's unlikely there is anywhere in the world with a pool / pools quite like this where you can chill out and virtually touch the sand dunes .The hotel is perfect for relaxation and more relaxation. A four night stay was perfect and the hotel is ideal for those visiting Dubai and wanting a twin centre holiday with one of the beach or city hotels or those working in the middle east looking for a romantic break . A tip for when to visit , the hotel gets a little busier Thursday night and Friday day when Dubai high fliers come to the hotel for a night away and to relax with the family,. To be honest though the place never feels really crowded like European hotels .It is true that you will be eating at one of the hotels restaurants at present there is a fine Pizza place , an a la carte restaurant , a desert restaurant and coming soon an Indian . The rooftop bar also serves good snack food . Lik emost quality hotels the food is not cheap but it isn't astronomical like other remote 5 stars and cost the same as a decent UK restaurant . We found the service to be really good and always with a smile and the guests we came across often gave the staff a really tough time with their odd requests .The hotel rooms are large with great A\C and large bathrooms with very deep baths . This hotel is unique and well worth a visit to relax in the sunshine for a few days . We had great fun.	
Sep 1 2006 	Still a few rough edges	Stayed for 3 nights in August and found it a wonderful hotel. Pool and room excellent. Even at well over 100 F.degrees outside ( 45 degrees Celsius) the rooms were well air condtioned and pleasant to chill out in. Hotel food very good and although it is expensive and a tourist trap don't miss going to the desert restaurant one evening. The hotel's new roof top bar and restaurants are due to open in the next few weeks and this will further enhance the hotel. Only down side was the service which was generally slow but particularly so in the current roof top bar. In August it is low season and the hotel was not even 50% occupied but still we had to wait every evening at least 10 minutes before even being offered a drinks menu (without apology. ) Also loud discussions between the Italian manageress and the bar staff about rota/shift systems on two occaisions did not exactly contribute to a quite/relaxed atmosphere in the bar .Taxi ride back to Dubai airport takes approx. 40 minutes and costs Dhrms. 120.Highly recommend this hotel for a short break in combination with the Madinat Mina al Salam in Dubai. Get to Bab al Shams soon while it is still surrounded by desert. Dubai is expanding so fast that one day soon the hotel will be in a Dubai suburb!!	
Aug 31 2006 	Chill Out zone in the heat of the Desert	Absolutely amazing place - an oasis of peace and quiet right in the middle of the Dubai desert.Won't be suitable for everyone - no hectic nightlife scene, little for kids on site and not much in the way of local sightseeing but if it's a quiet getaway you are after for a few days with your other half it's absolutely perfect.Rooms are Arabian rustic in style but large and comfortable. They are also spotlessly clean. They are spread out across the resort - which resembles an old walled fort (although being Dubai it's actually about 18 months old!!!) - and come in a mixture of with/without balconys and suites.The pool area is absolutely outstanding - split level with infinity views it was both beatifully designed and relaxing. It's also so large you feel it is your own personal space.At the moment there is limited eating areas (pool and restaurant and lobby bar area with an off-site outdoor dining/entertainment facility) but I understand work is well on the way to add additional restaurants on the complex. The food was good however throughout the complex and the breakfast was large buffet style with omelette/waffle stations for on-the-spot service.There is also a very pleasant rooftop bar where you can sit out until the very early hours and enjoy the night sky - and perhaps a shisha too! Very nice indeed and very relaxing!Overall, prices were quite reasonable at this resort and perhaps slightly lower than in Dubai city/Jumeirah beach hotels being run by the same group.Would we go back? Yes, in an instant	
Jul 30 2006 	Amazing Romantic Stay	Whilst staying at the Jumeriah Beach Resort and Burj Al Arab for our Honeymoon we were offered the chance to 'swap' some days of our 14 night stay for Bab Al Shams. It turned our to be an excellent suggestion. It was more rustic and traditional compaired to that of the 'shiny' Jumeriah Beach and Burj. We had drinks on the roof top and visited the Santorini Spa. Staff we excellent and the atmosphere was really nice. Highly recommended and Arabian Hospitality at its finest.	
Jul 23 2006	A pool with a view	Haved just returned from a 4 night stay at The 'Babs', originaly visited in October of last year when the construction work to enlarge the pool was taking place, on this occassion dissapointed with the noise and the size of pool, however glad we returned as the improvements have made this one of the most intresting and largest pools in any Dubai Hotel. The layout is spectacular and the view across the gardens towards the desert is something to be seen. The number of chairs and umberellas far out number demand and you can find a quite corner easily. The pool staff are ,as at any Jumeirah property exceptional and all the usual cold towels fruit skewers and huge buckets of ice arrive complimentary with a smile. The only down side to this hotel is the dull and dreary restaurant where you have to take buffet brekfast and evening meals, however in a few months time a new larger restaurant overlooking the desert is due to open together with an Indian and an Italian this will make this a true 5 star resort. in the meantime, room service menu is good and the quality of food as good as if served in the restaurant. We hope to re-visit early next year and to enjoy the improvements. Highly reccomend this hotel to couples looking for tranquility and style at a very affordable rate, worth staying as an add on to a Dubai hotel to either unwind at the beining or end of your holiday. Can also highly recommend the Summerhouses at Dar al Masyaf at The Madinat Jumeirah, pure induldgence in a dream location.	
Jun 13 2006	surpassed expectations.......	My husband and I stayed at Babs Al Sham resort for 2 days last week and had a fantastic time. I was initially reluctant to venture there, having read previous reviews related to delays in rooms being ready. However we decided to to give it a go and was suprised that when we arrived at 11.30 am we were immediately given the keys to our room (normal check in is at 4.00pm!!)The hotel was very clean, efficient and the staff extremely friendly. The pools were amazing and I could quite happily have stayed there a weekMy only criticism was that we asked to book a table at the retaurant for the first evening. We were asked whether we wanted to go to the one in the hotel or the open air 'desert' one. We went for the latter and wes slightly amazed to find ourselves in a buffet style Arabian themed restaurant with belly dancers, camels etc. The food was good but it wasn't the romantic place I was expecting . I feel that this should have been explained to us before bookingThis however will certainly not put us off staying at the hotel again, we intend to return on our next visit ti Dubai. (although we'll give restaurant a miss)	
May 22 2006	Mixed feelings	Bab al Shams looks to be set in an ideal environment, the perfect hideaway in appearance.To be fair, the rooms are nice, large and well furnished. The problem is the service.I have been living in Dubai for more than 6 months now and Bab al Shams ranks amongst the worst service level for a 5 star hotel. Check-in at 4:30 (rooms not ready), artificial smile from most of the staff, clumsy gestures, etc... The desert restaurant is to avoid. It is expensive and the atmosphere is disapointing. The entertainers are not at the level you would expect for this kind of resort. Dubai has lot more to offer. The food is good though. We had visitors from abroad and wanted to please them by booking a couple of days in the desert...the whole experience was disapointing. On top of that, it is no longer in the middle of nowhere, civilization is not far...	
May 7 2006	good break	We stayed at the resort for 2 days and 3 nights and it was a good break from the busy dubai life.Well we were greeted by the hospitable staff only to find out that our room wasnt ready and would take another half an hour or so.I was abit upset because we were accompanied by our little 1 1/2 yr old daughter and wanted to go and unwind in our room.The room was very nice and tastefully decorated .The pool was fabulous!!! My baby loved the pool.  The food is avearge.I would say they desperately need to increase their menu beacuse you run out of choices on the second day of your stay.Al Hadeera is good fun and entertainment although definitely over priced but you get to experience the core of the Arab culture here. The staff is friendly and helpful. The children play area is not too big but is good enough to keep them busy for an hour or two. Over all i would say that there is scope for alot of improvement where as food and entertainment is concerned but its definitely good enough for a short getaway.Very relaxing and serene environment.	
May 2 2006	We loved it !	We stayed at Bab Al Shams for 3 days / 2 nights and enjoyed it a lot. I wanted something different ... and got what I wanted. The resort is designed in a very nice way. Everything is tasteful. Rooms are nice, the swimming pool area is very pleasant. Excellent for a break, away from it all.Meals are a bit pricey and Al Hadheerah Desert restaurant is a bit of a tourist trap, but it is still enjoyable.I just hope to go again !!!Check special rates on their web site.	
May 1 2006	Need a lot more attention to detail to be 5 star	We visited Bal Al Shams for 10 days over Easter. Having taken the overnight flight, we arrived and were told the room wasn't ready- fair enough. We were told 1000 housekeepers were on standby for when guests checked out (quire an achievement since they had 360 staff in total) and to return to the lobby in one hour. We returned - it wasn't ready. We went back an hour later - it wasn't ready. We went back an hour and a half later - it wasn't ready. All this time we had been sitting in the bar in the clothes we travelled in. It was only in response to a direct question at 2.30 that we found out there were shower and changing facilities at the pool. When we eventually went to our room arounf 5pm it was a twin - we had asked for a double. As they were fully booked, we couldn't change until the next day - it took 4 attempts the following day to change rooms, only achieved at 6.30pm - each person on the lobby we spoke to knew nothing about it.Restaurants. The menu was very limited, and the food was average. The service was very slow - there were too many staff, none of whom knew what was going on. The buffet breakfast was good, but on several occasions I had to ask for the chef as he wasn't at his cooking station. As the hotel was fully booked when we arrived, we made a dinner reservation at breakfast on the first morning. When we turned up to dinner, they had no record of the reservation.Rooms. The rooms were ok. The air conditioning temperature couldn't be altered.Pool. The pool was really nice, there were plenty of sunbeds, but they were really noisy when people moved them as they were metal. The pool bar only served drinks, no lunchtime snacks. If you wanted food at lunch, you had to dress and go to the restaurant. Finally, the website and advertising doesn't give the impression that this is a family hotel, so we were disappointed by the number of children at the hotel, and other couples commented on this as well.Not a 5 star hotel, not enough attention to detail, and if I was choosing between this and The Chedi Muscat, I'd go to The Chedi every time. It's a shame, because with better management it could be oitstanding.	
Apr 30 2006 	Rustic serene and Intimate	I stayed there 2 nights on business. It was wonderfull for off-site meeting. The hotel is far away from the noisy and crowdy Dubai (about 50km for the airport). It is located in the middle of sandy dunes, extremely quiet and relaxing.The rooms are pretty dark but have a lot of charming, are well decorated and ... VERY QUIET. Staying there is a kind of retreat.I will come back again on vacations.	
Apr 25 2006	5 Star - What fun	We stopped here for two nights on the way back from Mauritius – what a fantastic time we had.This hotel is perfect if you want true 5 star service from attentive professional staff with the very best facilities from this type of resort.Both our kids (4 and 7) had a great time, especially at the Al Hadheerah desert restaurant (a must if you stay here) and the 8 (yes 8!) life guards on duty allowed my wife and I to relax during the day. Camel rides and falcon flying every night added to the fun.Also fab is that they meet you at the airport and whisk you through a fast passport clearance channel and then collect your bags for you.Everywhere is a building site in Dubai (1 $trillion dollars worth of building going on at the mo!) and Bab Al Shams is expanding too – but I really hardly noticed, and I’m the first to complain about such things. The bulk of the work is now done.Highly recommended will go back.	
Feb 17 2006	Mixed feelings....	Just returned from 5 days at Bab Al Shams and felt compelled to leave my first review for Trip Advisor.I wish I had read previous reviews as I hadn't realised the extent of the building works and coming from our own building site at home for the past 3 months I was very upset to wake to the familiar sound of workmen and diggers. Once I was over the initial shock the noise was actually not too offensive and the working area was well screened. I was amazed at the speed of work and I am quite sure that the work will be completed very soon.The hotel itself is a fabulous oasis away from the glitz and OTTness of Dubai generally. To combine a few days here of quiet reading and pondering followed by a few days back in the centre of Dubai has the makings of a great holiday. Certainly anyone wishing to 'escape' would be very happy with Bab Al Shams. The pool is lovely (will be even lovelier when the extension is completed) although the obligatory one lifeguard per few square metres of pool does make you feel that they are willing you to drown just to relieve their boredom. The food was good, but not spectacular compared to many of the better Dubai hotels, with a fairly limited menu. However, we particularly enjoyed the roof-top bar (with very yummy bar snacks) for our evening sundowners. The room was well designed and the bathroom sexy.... excellent cosy bath for two with lantern lit every evening. I'm not sure why other reviewers suggest taking a torch? It's not that bad and bright lights would certainly ruin the ambience in the middle of the desert. My biggest upset was the over-attentiveness of the staff... sounds crazy perhaps but there was a definite feeling of 'staff bonuses round the corner' or something as every time we appeared to be enjoying ourselves a member of staff would thrust a 'how did we perform' card at us to fill-in. To summarize... definitely not a place for children... far too quiet and small. A great place for total peace and quiet, if you can ignore the discreet building-work, and perfect for a romantic few days. Would I go back again?.... not if it's between a stay here or at the Chedi in Muscat....	
Feb 14 2006	Service with a fabulous smile	I stayed in Dubai at the end of January for my birthday. It was the second trip back for my boyfriend and myself, so we took the chance to enjoy both the beach (stayed at Mina A Salam) followed by the desert. Although I can't fault the service at Mina A Salam, I have to say I was blown away by the incredible response we got from the staff at Bab Al Sham. Our room was lovely and they even upgraded us to half board.Yes, the new pool extension means there is banging and hammering during the day. But no more than you'd get from most of the beach hotels- Dubai seems to be in a constant state of development. And yes, the only niggle was the large amount of flies you had to swat away while sunbathing. But it didn't marr my impression of the hotel one bit.Things you HAVE to do at Bab Al Sham;1. Go to Al Hadheerah for dinner. Their desert experience hotel was far better than the Arabian Adventures desert bashing we did last year...simply for the fact the array of food on offer was out of this world! Say hello to Boules- he's a fabulous waiter there who made our trip complete.2. Enjoy a sheeshah at Al Sarab rooftop bar. Hany and Mark the bartenders are excellent.We've stayed all over the world, and for me, service really does make the difference. I'm now planning to go back for the heat of summer!	
Feb 1 2006	A fine weekend with a few hiccups	We travelled to Dubai for the weekend for my birthday. We stayed 3nts Fri-Monday.We had stayed a month ago at Al Qasr and in August at the Mina and also last year at Jumeirah beach club and had loved Dubai so much that my husband surprised me with a birthday getaway.We couldnt get into the Al Qasr again or the Mina so we settled for Babs as we thought it would be a different experience but offering the same luxury and friendliness of all Jumeirah propertiesWe prebooked the transfer through the hotel 200 dirhams each way well worth it whisked through immigration avoiding long queues. Pickup was in a 4wd served with towels and water a fantastic start.We arrived at Bab al shams early hours of the morning I had previously spoken to the hotel and specifically asked for a room as far away from the building work as possible. We were shown to our room it was about 3am all looked ok but to our complete horror we awoke to the sounds of drilling banging and hammering at 7am they had put us in a room directly facing the building work in fact the best view in the house of it.lolI raced down to reception and asked them what was going on but they didnt apologise for the misunderstanding perhaps they thought in my call and email that we had wanted a view of the building work However after some strong negotiating they swiftly moved us to a quieter room. My husband had also advised them beforehand that it was my birthday but the staff at this hotel didnt wish me a happy birthday or do anything at all not that it was expected but previous stays at Dubai hotels when celebrating an occasion have been truly marvellous but I really think that there seems to be a bit of a lack of communication at this property between certain members of the staff reception and the concierge staff were pretty brusk and didnt seem as friendly and as knowledgeable as other Jumeirah hotels The bab al shams is designed like a fort and feels very authentically arabian with lots of little hideaways to relax and read but I felt it was too small and ideal for just a short time so a weekend was perfect. The rooms are comfortable with a nice bathroom but quite dark . The first morning we got a morning paper 2nd and 3rd morning we didnt 1 evening they forgot turndown service and didnt clean the room so little touches that you can expect from the Jumeirah beach properties were missing sometimes here.At the time of our stay they were finishing off the new pool it looks very nice but work had just started on the new restaurant so still not a good time to visit till March until it is completely finished.We sat around the old pool which is lovely but the downside was that there was so many flies flying around you and they were so irritating we were not sure exactly why that was as we had never seen that many flies in Dubai but I think everyone was experiencing the same problem around the pool perhaps it is because of the building work nobody was sure the next day to avoid the flies we jumped in a taxi and headed to Jumeirah beach hotel where complimentary beach access was offered heaven and no flies this could be a plus point for people who want to be away from the hustle bustle of dubai but still would like access to a beach.The breakfast buffet at Bab al shams was very nice but the room was very small especially if the restaurant is crowded during our stay it was full of groups so a tip would be to get up very early to miss the rush but there is everything you could desire on offer an excellent friendly chef who will prepare omlettes and pancakes for you. The waiting staff were also very friendly and attentive.We also visited the restaurant in the desert Al-Haedera and it was well worth a visit belly dancing singing camel rides falcon display wonderful food cooked to order eat and drink to your hearts desire soaking up the wonderful ambiance. A visit to this restaurant is a must if you stay at the Babs.Overall we had a great weekend and some fine weather for Jan with some minor hiccups but it didnt ruin our stay. I would recommend the babs for a shorter stay as it could get a tad boring after a few days. Or as a combination stay with a beach hotel. I would like to try the Al Maha instead next time as I think the echo of being Al Mahas poor little nephew rings a little true in some aspects	
Jan 27 2006	Excellent Stay	Stayed in Bab Al Shams January '06 and would thouroughly recommend it. Service was fantastic - from being picked up at the airport (well worth the 200 dirahms), through our entire stay.Might be best to wait until the exension is finished, although it wasn't really that intrusive whislt we were sitting at the pool. We stayed for a week and could have stayed longer. Spa was fantastic as was the Desert resturant, The Al-Haedera. Dubai has lots of construction work going on and staying in this location outwith the city, certainly gives a sense of escape - with only a short 45min taxi ride into the centre. (Taxi only cost 100dirhams)The hotel certainly gives you the impression of staying in an authentic Arabiabn fortress (whilst at the same time not becomming to &quot;Disneyfied&quot;), but with all the luxuries from a world class resort.Certainly a great place to get away and completely chill out. We are definately going to return to this hotel on any trip to Dubai.	
Dec 16 2005	Very Nice!	Stayed here at the end of November and I have to say we had a very nice time. We stayed for 3 nights, which was enough. There's not much to do but if you just want to relax by the pool then this is the place.When we got to the hotel we got upgraded from bed and breakfast to half board, which was a bonus. Although check what this means as the man told us its breakfast and evening meal and then when we checked out they had taken the cheapest meal (lunch or dinner) and used that as the free meal. So you could go mad in the evening thinking your not paying for it - but you may well be!Hotel is very nice and so are the rooms. They light it in the evenings with torches to give an old feel to the place. Restaurants are nice - Not loads on the menu but enough for a couple of nights. We went to Al Hadeera where you get entertainment etc. Food was good but not worth the money.Pool area is nice but they are extending the pool and all you hear is them working. We just ignored it but it could be irritating for others?They have a roof top bar. It’s so nice they have these comfy sofa's with loads of bolster cushions, real open fire and the stars. Very romantic!Great hotel - best to go when pool area has been finished.	
Nov 26 2005	Do not stay here until new Pool area is finished	Hotel is 45 mins drive in the desert outside of Dubai , designed to look like a 2 story fort with narrow dark alleys and corridors . Rooms are comfortable with an arabic theme with loads of arabic 'antiques', make sure you get a room with a balcony . As previous reviewer wrote, take a torch , everywhere is dark including restaurants (but food is very good). We intended to stop for 3 nights BUT the new pool development has 100 workers over the fence adjoining the existing small pool with generaters , drilling and banging 10 yards from your sunbed , this finished it for me. We checked out after 1 night and negotiated a reduction for the night we stayed.The flies did not help either(not hotels fault) . To be honest 2 nights would have been sufficent even with no building works,as is obvious there is not much to do in the desert is there??	
Nov 10 2005	Take a torch	We had high expectations of the hotel but the minor building works we were promised turned out to be rather more extensive and noisy than we had assumed reducing the limited space around the pool to very little. It should be great when the new pool area is ready but the hotel does feel a little claustrophobic at times. Everywhere is very dark and we had to order the same food at lunch so that we could see what we had eaten the previous evening. The rooms are excellent (if dark) and the staff very helpful.	
Oct 23 2005	worthy of the Godsons	We had a great two days at Bab Al Shams. We arrived at sunset and the light was so lovely. The check in was a bit slow, but once we got to the rooms we were so pleased. We loved the decor, the carpets, the colors, all designed around a real Arabian theme, giving the same feeling as Jabrin or the other old forts of Oman. We had 4 kids and they enjoyed the pool, the desert, the camels and falcons. They never even made it to the kids club. Horseback riding is available from the Endurnce village, for riders. We loved having a little bit of garden for our room and this will be even better when the new pool extension is done. Especially great is the sunset on the roof, great atmosphere. The food is a bit expensive, but very high quality. Our favorite item was the mango lassi with mint by the pool. The courtyards, fountains and plants are all well designed. Housekeeping was so friendly and excellent, especially Charlotte, perfect English. The concierge was a bit brusk and her English not as good as the housekeeping staff....Anyway, I would recommend this highly over Jumeirah Beach or the Burj, both too big and boring. Bab Al Shams is worthy of the Godsons!	
Oct 10 2005	Amazing!!!!!!!	What can we say but AMAZING!!.. from start to finish the stay at the Bab al Shams was simply out of this world. We could not fault the staff or the service, and we received such as warm reception from them each and everytime, it was a bit overwhelming to say the least. We actually thought they had mistaken us for royalty as we could not quite get to grips with the high quality and level of service we were receving, it really was second to none, and unlike any other hotel in Dubai we had stayed in. Wereas the Hilton, Meridien Mina Sehayi, Jumeirah Beach are all very large and very impersonal hotels, if your looking for a little extra something with a personal touch, this is the place. The rooms were spacious, clean, with a real arabic rustic feel, the rainforest showers along with the musky showergels and creams were just fab. The whole vibe was very relaxed, chilled, and stress free. It was fantastic to unwind at the end of the day at the rooftop shisha bar. On a couple of occasions we asked for meals not available on the menu and the chef was always on hand and happy to oblige. During our stay it was my husbands Birthday, we were so touched at the lengths the staff had gone to, decorating the room, buying a present and card, a cake was baked and left in our room along with a bottle of expensive bubbly. What more could we ask for. This hotel may be a little out of Dubai, but it's a real little gem in the desert! If you get to read this thank you Yvette/Nadia/Danyal/Raghavan/Warren/LuLu/Rishdi/Moses/Monal	
Sep 9 2005	Fantastic Resort Truly a Magical Experience		
Sep 1 2005	Disappointed by Bab Al Shams		
Aug 5 2005	The Magical desert Resort		
Jun 12 2005	Amazing desert resort		
Jun 4 2005	We couldn't leave		
May 10 2005	Wonderful		
Apr 7 2005	Best Hotel we stayed in Dubai		
Apr 4 2005	A true oasis - away from the traffic and hubbub of greater Dubai		
Mar 15 2005	Would Definitely Return.		
Dec 12 2004	Rose in the desert		
Oct 21 2009 	Magnifique hotel dans le désert		
Jul 13 2009 	??????????		
Jul 9 2009 	??????????????????Bab Al Shams Desert Resort ? Spa		
Jun 24 2009 	Magnifique hôtel dans le désert - très romantique		
Jun 23 2009 	?????????????		
May 11 2009 	Fantástico Hotel		
Mar 27 2009 	???????????????		
Feb 27 2009 	Un autentico miraggio nel deserto		
Feb 16 2009 	???????		
Feb 7 2009 	???????????		
Sep 29 2008 	??????????????		
Sep 23 2008	????????		
Apr 1 2008 	wie in 1001 Nacht...		
Feb 9 2008 	Una romanticissima oasi nel deserto		
Dec 17 2005	Terrible		
