Jun 8 2009	it's all about location!	the location of this hotel is just out of this world! Our room was such a great hight that the view was not to be forgotten!	
Jul 25 2008 	Just Okay	- Good for someone who is not looking to spend much time in hotel room.- Hotel having nightclub groundfloor, but it didnt disturb us from having a quiet time.- Breakfast good, had eggs fruits juice tea etc. Asked for a towel but had to personally go and fetch one. clean toilet (picture, lol). - Presence of a mosque 10 metres away, thus prayers starting at 5am, quite disturbing if you dont like to be awake so early in the morning. - Carrefour is on the other side of the road. - Bus station in front of hotel.Paid :470 AED for 3 nights.44 AED - Airport to Hotel, 14mins away40 AED Hotel to Deira City CentreLess than 15 AED Hotel to Gold souk50 AED hotel charged us to drop us at airport.	
Jul 3 2007 	Excellent Cheap Option	I stayed here for 3 nights at the end of May 2007 and it was great...Located walking distance to Dubai creek with taxi's on your doorstep as well as a Bus terminal. Staff were exceptionally helpful helping me organise my trips down to wild wadi water park and also a desert dune bashing arvo/evening, as well as giving directions - even to the point of walking me 1/2 way there !Brekky was basic, omlettes, tomatoes, toast, juice, tea/coffee but it filled me up and it was included in the price..A great cheaper option!!!!	
Apr 7 2007 	great hotel for a budget traveller	Great staff – arrived at 8am, they let us check in early to a deluxe room when we had only booked a standard, we were expecting to move later that day but we ended up staying all 3 nights in a deluxe room with no extra charge.The buffet breakfast is what others have described, toast, one type of spread, one type of cereal and fruits. The rest is mostly Indian and middle eastern food but its fine for a light breakfast – especially as its free with the room.As also mentioned before, there is a nightclub on level one and we could hardly hear it on level three – I would still suggest you ask to be put on level 3 or higher though just incase.The only downside to staying here was being right outside a mosque, so 5 times a day you are greeted by loud prayers coming out of several megaphones on top of the mosque for about 20minutes. The only time its really disturbing is the one that wakes you up at 5am!We found the staff to be very helpful, and overall this is a good cheap hotel for travelers on a budget.	
Dec 20 2006 	New Penninsula or Old Penninsula	stayed at the hotel for 2 weeks in November, not a pleasant stay at all, on arrival I though what have I got my self into, looking at the build it looks very old and dirty and is facing a bus station, going into the main entrance the staff are friendly people, I didn’t like the rooms that much as they looked very dull, air con was not working well toilet facials could have been better, also the wall in the room are built like cardboard, u can hear next door, even so they have a nightclub/disco which is on from 8pm till 3am, we where on the 2nd floor and u could hear the music, personally I would not go there again, avoid this place if you are looking for a nice clean quiet Dubai experience	
Jul 2 2006 	This hotel suited my requirements	I stayed here for 2 weeks in March. It was one of the cheaper hotels that I could find. Hence I was not expecting the Taj mahal! I was a single woman travelling alone and often returning to the hotel past 11.00pm. I was never hasselled or harrassed by anyone.It is located near the Dubai Creek and textile souk. Some great local restaurants nearby. My room was not dirty as described by some reviwers. It was cleaned on a daily basis and the whole hotel was being refurbished while I was there. Re painted, new matresses and it sound like new carpets too. Heeding the advice of previous reviews I asked for a room on the third floor or above and was given one on the 5th floor. I slept soundly. No sounds of night life or prayer time.Breakfast was a mix of indian or western. Fruit, eggs of some description, yoghurt, I always found something that appealed. Not cordon bleu but adequate. I was staying in a budget hotel.The hot water was a learning experience. I experienced luke warm water for the first few days. Then I enquired at the reception desk if there was anything that they could do to fix this problem. &quot;Certainly madam&quot;. The hotel staff showed me the hot water switch directly outside the bathroom door that I need to turn on 5 minutes before having a shower each day! Plenty of hot showers after that.If you are looking for a 5 star hotel at 3 star prices, this is not the hotel for you. If you're looking for the westerner hotel in a middle eastern country, this is not the hotel for you, If you're looking for a 3 star hotel at 3 star prices in vibtant quarter of Dubai, with the spice souk, gold souk and prefume souk just a short abra ride acorss the Dubai creek then I would recomend you book in! I found the hotel fine.	
Jun 5 2006	Dont Even Go There.	i stayed there for 2 weeks and it did not have half the stuff there that they put in the review, ie.. no radio, the air con is no good, no trouser press or hair dryer and they do not cater for the english in any way, theres no cold water and it is so dirty, the only people how done a great job was the room cleaners, so my final thought is stay away.	
Mar 7 2006	Dirty	Stayed here as a short stop over to break up a long flight. The room looked grubby and dirty with marks on the walls, facilities included in the description were not to be seen and the window didn't even close properly. To top it all off, there was work going on outside our room and carpets were piled 2 feet high in the fire exits!! Breakfast consisted of curry and chicken burgers, which was interesting but there was also fresh fruit and toast available. Also, it isn't in the nicest of areas and probably not the most suitable choice for 2 young women to stay at.	
Mar 2 2006	Trully a budget hotel	I was passing through Dubai with wife, so we decided to stay at this hotel for the night, mainly because of the price.Having stayed there for less than 20 hours, I have to say we will not be returning to this hotel anytime soon. The hotel itself looks very old and run down. The rooms are not clean and the breakfast buffet isn't much of buffet at all. The hotel is located in an area of the city where I would not feel comfortable having any of my female family members stay there alone. The only positive for this hotel is its friendly staff.	
Dec 1 2005	A very pleasent stay....	I have just returned from a week staying at the New Penninsula Hotel in Dubai.On first arrival, I was a little uneasy about leaving my passport with the staff in reception, but they assured me that they'd return it to me as soon as they'd finished with it and as promised I had it bought up to my room within the hour.I found the staff at this hotel extremely pleasant and helpful, they were more than happy to advise me on which places I should visit, directions I should take and the best times to go. The hotel is located next to the local bus stand, where you can easily find a taxi, although the hotel staff always offered to get me transportation if they knew I was going out.It's located near to a Carrefour supermarket, so you never have to go without anything and there are small traditional restaurants within walking distance.It's a less than 10 minute walk to the creek, which is well worth a visit, as the Heritage Village is along here, and at night comes alive with traditional Arabic music, food and dancing, as well as small stalls selling goods.The hotel offers a excursion service, where by you are told what kinds of activities are on offer and their prices and If interested the trip will be booked and arranged for you. I went on the desert safari, which was one of the highlights of my trip.The hotel is situated right next to a mosque, which obviously will have Prayers said at sunrise and throughout the day, this is not something that troubled me, and as there is a mosque on virtually every street, is something you would probably find it hard to avoid no matter where you stayed.My room at the New Penninsula Hotel was nothing fancy, but had everything I needed to have a pleasant stay. The cold water is in fact warm water and I found this to be the case everywhere I went, so I don't think this is something you can fault the hotel on. The room was cleaned everyday and a free newspaper was left in the room.Breakfast is from 07:00 - 10:00 and the choice was fantastic!As there are numerous restaurants in the hotel, the music played at night can be heard from the hotel rooms and may bother some guests, I was on the third floor and assume I was far enough away for it to have not been a problem, but I can imagine that those guests on the floors below may have been kept up.I plan on returning to Dubai very soon and would not hesitate in staying at the New Penninsula hotel again.	
Oct 13 2005	AWFUL...awful place !!!	Avoid this place at all costs...We decided on Dubai very last minute and this place was available for a reason!! Its a nasty experience..Rooms are really dirty - the bed spreads had stains on them..I didnt want to get into the bed and the shower was filthy...They're was no way I was taking off my flip-flops. Also there is a mosque right next door with prayers starting at 6 in the morning, speakers pointed directly at the hotel..The hideous disco music had only stopped about 3 downstairs.. Cold water was roasting - staff refused to give me a safety deposit box...this place is terrible..i moved out after one night..	
