	Heaven	I have been to the One &amp; Only royal Mirage now 7 times and i can honestly say it is the best place for a holiday. On our last trip we had a new refurbed room on the ground floor over looking the pool it was out of this world. You have your own private beach with stunning views. The Staff are great and over the years we have got to know some of them very well. if you are looking for a great summers drink Roshin from the pool bar is your man. Also Stephen who is now the manager in olives is doing a revamp to bring everyone back to life and put the sparkle back into it. I have also Stayed in the JBH and i can honestly say i would never go back. They staff do not listen and they cant even get your drinks order right. It is filled with big brash tourist and not somewhere you can relax.	
	Predictably lovely	As part of One&amp;Only's Dubai presence, we found this hotel predictably lovely. It didn't exceed my expectations in any way however and if we return to Dubai (this was our first visit) I will try another of the top rated hotels.We stayed in a Gold Club room and, as others have outlined, the afternoon tea and evening cocktails were superb. We enjoyed breakfast at Celebrities more than at Olives. We thought the pool and surrounding area was beautiful and never had difficulty getting a good spot there - generally we went to the pool after a leisurely breakfast, after 11am. Sunloungers and shade are plentiful poolside. However, had we wanted a spot on the beach we would have been constantly frustrated as these were clearly reserved early. In general the staff were very good.I can't really criticise this hotel and we had a lovely stay. For a similar price, we have experienced significantly more luxurious rooms, better poolside service, better food and been made to feel more special and valued guests elsewhere - hence my expectations are very high and hard to exceed. I wasn't disappointed here and this review should be viewed positively.	
	A great standard of servie	We enjoyed the peace of the resort and spa. Wonderful attention to guests without being intrusive. Although the Palm has taken its toll on the beach environment the hotel remains a standard bearer of Dubai. Food quality excellent and service impeccable.	
	Fantastic hotel and service with only one caveat	Four of us recently stayed at The Palace for a week. Food as good as the Jebel Ali but rooms and service are much better. We stayed in Gold Club and service there from Maximillian (in charge), Raghu, Narayan and team was exemplary - nothing was too much trouble. &quot;Silver service&quot; afternoon team and evening cocktails were particular highlights, both socially and gastronomically. Pool service was very good and there were more than enough loungers, nice positions, towels, iced water refills etc etc. We heard no noise from The Palm construction etc - maybe the recession has halted it all! Half board gets you a great breakfast and OK dinner buffet (choice of 2 restaurants) but best to go to one of the many specialty restaurants. Each seems to have a menu for the half board option or you get 135 dirham (c. 27 euro) towards a la carte. Tagine (Moroccan) and The Beach (high level beachy) were outstanding. Great Indian restaurant also. Food in Eauzone was good but, if outside, make sure you get a table under an electric light. Even with 6 candles my wife couldn't see her food! Only caveat for the whole resort is the price of alcohol, which is very high even for Dubai. Cheapest wines c. 40 euro and glass of beer 8 euro. If you are a non drinker or a well-heeled drinker this is a great venue. This was our best hotel destination in Dubai yet.	
	Fantastic Hotel 	My Husband &amp; I have stayed at this Hotel 3 times now &amp; it just keeps getting better. Booked through Kuoni Holidays In a Club Room on a Dinner bed &amp; breakfast basis &amp; we found this great value for money. On arrival we were upgraded to a Gold Club Suite which was lovely as it was my husband's birthday , thanks to Jean Paul Slap Reservations Manager who is such a great guy &amp; very helpful. Afternoon Tea &amp; Pre Dinner drinks &amp; Canapes were serve in the Gold Club which we enjoyed very much, Maximillian Ritter (Gold Club manger) &amp; all his staff made us feel very welcome &amp; were always very attentive. I have previously stayed at Madinat Jumeirah Resort in Dar Al Masyaf Summerhouses &amp; also Al Qasr Hotel which are also very nice but think the Palace at One &amp; Only is my favourite, it's so romantic &amp; the staff make you feel very special. We hope to return in 2010 again &amp; will definitely book this hotel again!!You will not be disappointed staying here.	
	very nice but prefer Jumeirah Beach Hotel	This was our 10th visit to Dubai and for the last 7 we have stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, however our friends (who are also regular visitors to Dubai) recommended us to try The Palace. We wish we hadn't, the overall view we had was 6/10, compared to JBH of 8/10. In no particular order, we felt the following; location near to lots of construction and even on the beach you could hear the work going on nearby. Views out to sea, nowhere as good, you look out to The Palm which is very built up and construction work still going on there. We stayed in the Gold club section which meant the rooms were better than standard, but still not as good as the Premium leisurre rooms at JBH. The hotel generally caters for an older clientele, although we enjoyed people watching, as there was all types there to be entertained by. Food in Olives - forget it, bland/no atmosphere, went once and walked out half way through meal, service poor and buffet selection was basic. The Beach bar and grill was top class as was the other restaurants in The Residence and Arabian Court. We had a half board package, but still chose to eat out, if you can try Cavalli Club at Fairmont and Gary Rhodes restaurant - worth the money, food and entertainment excellent.Service on the beach was average, plus the usual annoying stuff, unless you stick your towels on the beds before brekkie you have little chance of getting somewhere to rest. The guys working there did nothing to stop it. Took ages sometimes to get service, but that is being ultra critical. The team on the reception desk at the Gold Club, were first class, they couldn't do enough for you, excellent service and very friendly.So, in summary we won't go back to The Palace, but not everyone has had the pleasure of staying at the JBH, so don't be put off too much by us, we just know what we like.	
Nov 15 2009 	awesome grounds great eating sensational service	We loved this place. Pretty much everything was brilliant and as good as we hoped for our honeymoon. We stayed gold class so enjoyed high tea daily and met loads of great people. It was a really great hotel and as part of the one&amp;only chain (3 hotels side by side) we had plent of different pools, bars and restaurants to enjoy.Gripes - room was not huge but honestly i did not notice, we went to the pool area and the bars and various restaurants.What was great - service was brilliant from fresh towels everytime you took a dip to complimantary fresh fruit and sunglass cleaning service poolside. We loved it.	
Oct 19 2009 	Not a real 5 star hotel	Outside looks very nice the pool &amp; beach staff were great as was the service &amp; food at The Beach bar &amp; grill and The Tangine. We had a gold club room on 5 floor and I dont see any point in paying the extra,the reception is out of the way and the rooms are no different they are quite poorly furnished and not what you would expect from a 5 star hotel in Dubai, room service and house keeping took forever and were poor.Take the shuttle bus to Atlantis by all means but do not rely on it to get back as is completely hit and miss as to times. We were very disappointed as we were looking forward to staying here. It all seemed a little too much trouble for the staff &amp; management the answer to everything was they were nearly full &amp; so they were busy.	
Oct 16 2009 	Awesome hotel and amazing service	Probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in. Everything about it was fantastic. The service was fabulous and nothing was too much trouble. Our first time in Dubai and would return to this hotel without any question if we went back. Have never felt strongly enough to write a review before but this place is like out of this world.	
Oct 11 2009 	If heaven exists this is the place	Been there with family and friends and enjoyed I think a great full week of heaven.The good - if you are looking for service, then this is the place you will not miss. Really great place, exellent location, nice rooms, very clean, great rest. and bars aroundThe bad: Check-in into the room is 14:00 Dubai time, make sure you check your flight schedule and eventually book the room one night in advance. Otherwise typically the flights arrive early in the morning and you risk sitting 6 hours...waiting for your room.. furthermore, the entire city is a construction site, so if you don't mind all the contructions around, all is good.Other then	
Sep 27 2009	Keeps on getting better! 3rd Visit	We arrived at the One &amp; Only Royal Mirage for our 3rd visit. What can i say, perfection yet again. We were greated by Ricardo only to find that as we where 'previous guests of the hotel' we were given a complementary upgrade to their newly refurbished Deluxe rooms which I must add were absolutely stunning! Huge beds, TV's in the wall, superb decor, ipod facilities On check-out we asked about our room cost and the rates for our refurbished room had not been released yet. What an honour to be literally the 1st to stay in our room.The restaurants were amazing, Nina's was a favourite. Tagine and Eau Zone were fantastic too, a pleasure to dine in such superb restaurant. Olives was awesome for the buffet breakfast and equally as good for the buffet evening meal if a more relaxed approach to dinner is preferred.Pool staff were very efficient, second to none, cleaning sunglasses daily. Complementary fresh fruit and iced towels. Not forgetting to mention iced water topped up the minute our glasses were empty. I could go on and on.The reception could not be more helpful, Jean-Paul Slap the Manager was very helpful with any query we had. The fitness center is fantastic and concierge could not have been more efficent. Faultless is all areas.We will always return to the Palace at the Only &amp; Only. It is an amazing place and would take some beating for us to concider staying somewhere else in Dubai. We can recommend this hotel with such confidence to anyone. It is the perfect getaway! WE WILL RETURN.	
Sep 2 2009 	Best holiday yet!	Just returned from our first trip to Dubai, what can I say. Wow! Flew out with Emirates, had a great flight, Terminal 3 is something else. Got picked up in an Audi A6. Arrived at the hotel, the gong was banged as we entered the reception, we were give some tea and cold towels as we were checked in (a very nice touch). Our room was on the ground floor not a brilliant view but still very nice room. As the hotel is so close to the Monorail to the Palm we hopped on that (very impressive) all the way to the Atlantis Hotel, great views of the Palm from the Monorail, the Atlantis is worth a look around, went into the Aquarium, also check out the Ice Cream shop there soooh many choices!. Took the Big Bus tour around Dubai, did the Blue &amp; Red tour all in the same day plus the boat trip very hot but very informative and you see so much. Also visited the Dubai Mall + Fountains which was great, went to the Observatory Bar on 52nd Floor of Harbour hotel &amp; Spa. Brilliant views all around also had a very nice Apple &amp; Cinemon Ice Tea.Mall of the Emirates was just a taxis ride away, we were there till 12.15am think it closed at 1am. Must see the ski resort amazing. Could have spent about a week in that Mall it was so vast!Hotel restaurants were great all staff very attentive. Spent 3 days round the pool, so relaxing, iced water brought round on a regular basis, ice cold towels, a guy that cleans your sunglasses, plus fruit kebabs in the afternoon, what lovely touches. We were lucky enough to get upgraded to an Executive Suite whilst there, that was really special. We would like to say that you to all the staff and management for a very special holiday experience at the One &amp; Only &amp; hope to return again soon.	
Aug 26 2009 	Impeccable service throughout our stay we would definitely go back	On our arrival we were greeted by a gong, we were then sat down to refresh ourselves with cold towels and some Arabic tea. Due to our flight time and the hotel being fully booked, we had to wait a few hours before getting our room, though it was well worth the wait as we were upgraded to an Executive Suite, with a connecting room for the children which was beautiful. We were taken to Olives for a free breakfast which we thought was a lovely gesture. Finona then offered the option of using the swimming pool and changing facilities which we gladly accepted until our room was available. By 2pm our room was ready, and we were greeted with lovely fresh flowers and a leather picture frame for our anniversary. We stayed on a half board basis, the food was delicious at all the restaurants. A special mention to Nina's which was one of our favourites as the food is wonderful with an asian twist.The grounds of the hotel are well kept and the swimming pools and surrounding areas are cleaned to a high standard. Overall they work very hard in very hgih temperatures to maintain the hotel surroundings which are beautiful.Reception, conceirge are always at hand to give you advice when you need it, and will go out of there way to find out information.Shuttles between Arabian Court and the palace where you can dine in some of there restaurants are frequent which is a bonus. There is also transport available to the Emirates Mall and Burjaman Mall which is worth making use of if you fancy a bit of retail therapy. Gold Souk and Old souk are also worth a visit which can be accesssed by catching the complimentary shuttle to Burjaman Mall. From here you can catch a taxi to the Gold Souk which costs around 15 dhirams (£2.50 approx). If you want to catch the last shuttle back to the hotel , you then need to be back at the Burjaman Mall before 10pm. Otherwise a taxi fare can cost up to £15-£18 back to the hotel.I would say that overall the service and ethos around the hotel is very welcoming. All the staff greet you with a hello and a warm smile. We would go back again and again to this hotel. THANK YOU	
Aug 24 2009 	Perfection personified	We recently stayed at the Palace for two weeks 30th July - 14th August 2009 .Having stayed there last year at the same time of year,we had twinned it with a week in the maldives so returning this year for two weeks we were very excited although slightly dubious as to weather we would get bored. NOT A CHANCE.We arrived early morning after an overnight flight with Virgin.Premium Economy was well worth the extra money. Slightly worse for wear upon arrival though.Upon arriving at the palace,the usual gong greeted us and after filling in the mandatory forms ,we were immediately whisked off to our gold club room. Our gold club room had recently been refurbished now sporting large flat screen and dvd player. Gold club reception have a large selection of current dvd's which was a refreshing break in the afternoon from the furnace.{ the sun}.Gold club reception staff absolutely fantastic and would like to hello to Portia,Manoj,Sugath and the fantastic Flaven.{please excuse the spellings}.Also a special mention to Maximillian the gold club manager who could not do enough for you.(remember to take closed toed shoes for gold club evenings).Restaurants absolutely fantastic and Nina's (indian) Tagine(moroccan) Celebrities(fine dining) and our absolute favourite Eau Zone(Chinese/Asian twist) was just mind blowing as always.A special thankyou to the manager of Eau Zone who made our last night so special.Pool staff absolutely fabulous as always and hi to Bandula and Kumar.Once again a special thankyou to everyone at the palace who made me and my wifes stay so amazing and i have to admit that i was fighting back the tears when we left.Keep up the good work guys and see you all again very very soon.Mr Mrs jennings x	
Aug 8 2009 	Excellent service from all areas	This was our fourth trip to Dubai but our first stay at this hotel, previously we have always stayed at the JBH where we had a great time. We booked a Gold Club double room as we are now used to the 'extras' you get with these facilites having always gone Exec/Gold.We arrived at the hotel at around 0130hrs after a decent flight in from BHX with Emirates, on arrival the service was excellent considering the time, with our bags going one way and us being escourted to the Gold Club for check in. This was achieved quickley and we were in the room, with bags delivered by 0200hrs.The rooms were spotlessly clean as were the bathroom facilities, though compared to our previous experiences the rooms were somewhat smaller in comparision, we did adapt to the surroundings though so i wouldn't hold it against them.During our stay we requested that the minibar be emptied, which they did immediatley which allowed the storage of our own sensibly priced 'stuff'. (Hotel managers...price your minibar stock sensibly and people may actually consume it!) There is no iron/board in the rooms though once you request one it is delivered and stays with you for the duration. No tea/coffee making facilites though we were less than a minute from the Gold club lounge where it was available 24hrs if need be. Lots of Gilchrist and Soames toiletries, rooms serviced twice daily (inc turn down service) and the fruit bowl was also changed daily if you wanted it. ( i usually waited until i'd eaten what i had to save waste). We are quite sure also that the bed linen was changed daily, every day's a 'clean sheet' day.Whilst walking around the corridors of the hotel, ALL the staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel is currently undergoing some renovation and therefore there is some construction noise thoughout the day but it's hardly noticed at the pool area, which is where you normally are during the day.The room had a balcony with table and chairs which faced the sea though our view was obstructed by palm trees. What is nice about this hotel are the grounds, lots of grass and well kept planted areas.We made good use of the Gold club which would provide a light breakfast in the morning, we only used this once when we overslept, otherwise we tended to breakfast at Olives or more regularly Celebrations. The Gold club was used for impromptu drinks (24hrs), the afternoon tea (1500 to 1700rs) and then drinks/cocktails from 1800 to 2000hrs. The guys in the Gold club, Manoj and Tijo? worked tirelessly and once they new your tipple would provide it with a simple 'thumbs up'. They can provide cocktails of the common variety if requested, i.e. Margarita's, pina colada, manhattans etc. With the afternoon tea and canapes with drinks we were never really hungry. The service was excellent in the Club lounge which also has its own concierge and internet access on two PC's. There is also limited free wireless access in one area of the club lounge.We got half board included which permits either 'included' meals at Olive's restaurant or you get a Table de Hote menu at the beach bar and grill or Tagine. In any of the complex restaurants you can have 'A la carte' menus with a 135 AED per person allowance. This means that as long as you stay away from the lobster, you can have a very nice meal for not much extra. (If you have water at the table, unless you specify the house water, they will supply a bottle of Evian for 50 AED compared to 10AED for the normal stuff) Overall the food is excellant and the 135AED allowance covers you at ALL the Royal Mirage restaurants, booking is advisable. Celebrity's was open for breakfast only until end of August 2009.Taxis are plentiful, though they are kept about 200m from the entrance, so don't be put off if there are none in view outside of the hotel, within a minute of requesting one from concierge it will be there.What was noticable compared to our previous holidays at the JBH was that the Palace is quieter, in the JBH there is an almost constant 'buzz' on the ground floor with lots of people moving around. I would say that if you want a peace and quiet then The Palace would be the better choice.While we were there we went on a guided tour of the Arabian Court hotel to compare the facilites, the rooms were larger and the hotel design, though still Arabic, was different. The one bedroom suite we saw was superb. Point to note however, there is NO gold club in the Arabian court.All in all we had a nice time and would return to this hotel complex.	
Aug 8 2009 	Some aspects very nice and others disappointing	We recently spent a week's holiday at the Palace and were a little disappointed by the environmental effects of some of the nearby building developments. As on each of our previous visits, the hotel was very clean, all the staff were very polite and helpful and the food was good (although the buffet food was not very warm - a problem which is difficult for any kitchen to overcome).Unfortunately, due to the development of the Palm (which is adjacent to the hotel), the sea appears cloudy and we were not able to see any fish. Also, the views from the beach have (in our view) been spoilt by the erection of many high rise buildings along the coast line. The hotel does not provide complimentary internet connection and the daily charges are high. As it is possible to use the internet without charge in all nearby coffee bars, we feel it should be possible for the hotel to offer a similar service to guests. Similarly, the price of wine (and mini-bar soft drinks) is high e.g., one bottle of standard quality wine costs approx £36. The adult pool was closed during our stay and therefore it was difficult to find a quiet spot to swim during the day.	
Aug 6 2009 	Five Star Hotel with a Very Personal Service!	This was our first time travelling to Dubai and have stayed at the Bab Al Sham &amp; The Mina Al Salam both part of the Jumeriah Hotel Group. However this time we wanted to try something a bit different and therefore decided to try out to hotels for the duration of our 12 night holiday. We commenced our well awaited holiday at The Palace at One &amp; Only for 8 nights. Having read the reviews from Trip advisor were confident that we had made a good choice. Our package was on a half board basis which gave us alot of scope to try out different restaurants within the hotels.The staff were very friendly and could not do enough for us. We were travelling with another family who had two children. The kid club staff within five minutes fo meeting the children remembered their names and were great with them. The Pool activities were brilliant especially the water activities in the pool every morning.Overall the hotel is very personal and not pretencious in any way. During our stay we spoke to many people who had been returing back to this hotel year on year.As a family with 2 children aged 8 &amp; 4 we love Dubai as a destination and would definatly consider staying with the One &amp; Only.	
Aug 5 2009 	WOW - absolutely brilliant	We stopped off here for 4 nights on our honeymoon before heading to the Seychelles. What a fantastic hotel. The staff cannot do enough for you and are always making sure that you are okay. The hotel rooms were beautiful and we only had one of the deluxe rooms, so goodness knows what the upgraded rooms are like. We were treating exceptionally well here and actually didn't want to leave to go to the Seychelles! Food was very good and there was quite a good variety, alcohol is quite expensive but I guess that's only what's to be expected from an Arab country. Hotel staff will arrange anything that you want to do - nothing is too much trouble. Very hot and humid in July though but you start to get used to it after a few days.	
Jul 25 2009 	FANTASTIC PLACE TO STAY	me and my wife went for our honeymoon and stayed at the palace royal mirage and i have to say the hotel and service was amazing. From the moment we arrived and the time we were going the hospitaility was top notch. The little touches like offering fresh juice on arrival at the hotel straight away to the little momento's in our hotel room was so delightful. The people that work there are so nice and very courtoues. They have set a true example of customer service. The hotel was so clean and nice, and it was nice to know we had the freedom to roam other other hotels in the complex which where also nice, but the royal mirage palace was tremendous. The beach was clean, the pools where lovely and all the resturants had there own mood settings which where very nice. My wife loved hotel and even said she was happy i booked this hotel over the palm atlantis which is too commercialised. This royal mirage palace offers privacy, class and elegance. They really made it a ideal honeymoon hotel. A+++++	
Jul 14 2009 	"Never go back" they say. Well make an exception for this place.	We came here for our honeymoon four years ago and decided to come back. I was a bit nervous about going back, as you always improve your memories of a place and also have the problem of comparing everything second time around. However, from the moment we arrived, we realised that it was just as magical as our first visit.Unfortunately due to our flight time and the hotel being fully booked, we had to wait a few hours before getting our room. However, we were initially served Arabic tea in the lounge before being taken to Olives for a free late breakfast. We were then offered the option of using the facilities and getting changed and showered, but we decided to wait until we had our room. As we were staying there during my birthday, we were hopeful of an upgrade, but due to the hotel being full, it seems we were unlucky this time.The room was as immaculate as we remembered it and this still remains the best hotel room and service I have experienced. We had a ground floor room next to the Residence &amp; Spa and had regular visits from two peacocks and a peahen with ther two chicks, all quite keen on the odd bit of fruit!Unfortunately the adult pool was closed, so we had to use the main pool, but it was not remotely intrusive or too 'kiddy'. I even joined in a game of pool volleyball and restrained myself from playing to my old court-days standard! Otherwise, the service around the pool was as attentive as ever and this went for the whole hotel.On the day of my birthday, I came back to the room to find a gift from the Management (a very nice polo shirt). Later, room service arrived with a smashing cake and I was made to feel quite special all day. The following evening we had been invited to a cocktail reception and met the general manager and the reception manager (for the complex, not just the Palace). The GM was a charming man and the reception manager (Jean-Louis) gave us a considerable amount of his time as we chatted to him.All around the hotel, everyone was exceptionally friendly and helpful and despite the place being full, it still felt like an oasis of calm and refinement.Restaurants:Beach Bar &amp; Grill - very good seafood and carnivores catered toTagine - good experience, great atmosphere and good but not great foodEau Zone - stylish and classy with quality fare on offer (wish the girl behind us could have been set to mute though!)Rotisserie - buffet affair which was nice but not worth going to ahead of the other placesNina's - exceptional, easily the best butter chicken I've ever had and cool, dark surroundings and a top-class jointWines went from 200Dhs up with plenty of decent wines between 220-295Dhs. Cocktails averaged 42Dhs and we spent a couple of nights on the Rooftop bar which is just the best place to be and we'd move in up there if we could!We were interested to see how much construction had happened/was happening, but to us the place felt a bit quieter than last time. The Palm is in no way intrusive, aside from the car park which now sits next to the Arabian Court and does spoil the view a bit. However, you also get a great view of the monorail silently crawling up and down.One day we took the free shuttle to the Mall of the Emirates. This place is so huge, you just can't believe it. I mean, it's got its own ski resort in it for crying out loud! Taxi back was about 25Dhs as we didn't fancy waiting for the shuttle.We went for afternoon tea at Mina Al Salaam at the Madinat. Fantastic experience and a real fight to finish it all. We went for a wander around the hotel (as far as we were allowed) and found it to be a bit charmless in comparison. Whereas the Palace feels entirely authentic and luxurious, this felt a bit false and not quite the same, even though it costs more.Taxi was about 90Dhs from the airport and 30Dhs to it allowing about 20-30m for your journey.The Palace remains an idyll. If life was but a dream, I would be reincarnated as the Major from 'Fawlty Towers' and live out my days as a resident here.The Royal Mirage is still the One&amp;Only for us!	
Jul 13 2009 	Excellent	Stayed at the Palace in the Gold Club with included half board, great stafff, excellent restaurants, great pool. Slightest negative if there really is one, the Gold Club lounge does get a little too busy during the evening cocktails. I'm not sure if they oversell on the Gold Club or there are just too few places to sit. They will bring extra chairs and find you somewere to sit, but I just don't understand why they dont organise it a little better, knowing it will be busy. I guess a little mention to Manoj in the Gold Club, he works like a trooper in that lounge. Stayed at the Atlantis &amp; the Jumeirah properties in the past but I would say I prefer the One &amp; Only, it's much more personal, the others are a bit like a tourist destination in themselves. Restaurants are great personal fav was Nina in the Arabian Court, the Beach Grill at the Palace was a close second.	
Jul 9 2009 	Luxury	We have just returned from this hotel and have noted the comments from what appear to be SNOBS. (our opinion only) What a shame they had to fetch their own water.Pity it wasn't from the bottom of the ocean. It would appear that they were the only ones who had to.By the way, it is not advertised as part of the service nor are the Free fruit cocktails which were served every afternoon along with the services of the young man who came around cleaning your sunglasses. (again FREE). So glad they are not going to return.I would hate to have to sit with them on the wet cushions. tut tut tut. Must stop.We actually paid a little extra for the Gold Club and were so glad to have the opportunity to meet with other fortunate people who could afford this slight upgrade. I must EMPHASISE, even if we hadn't paid for this, it would not have made the slightest difference to the overall holiday. The general comments from guests we met by the pool were as follows;The staff at this hotel are very polite, well educated and very attentive without being pushy. They are not like the tip greedy staff at other well known hotels in the same area.The restaurants were first class and again the waiting staff were very polite and helpful.We would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and are already looking forward to returning in the very near future.One tip, exchange your dollars for dirhams down town in the gold souks. (You don't have to buy anything to get a better rate)	
Jul 7 2009 	What an amazing place	We stayed at The Palace for 7 nights for our Wedding anniversary. We had a standard room which was large and clean, all rooms are sea facing. The service in the hotel from check in to check out was second to non, nothing was too much trouble. They even gave us a lovely gift on our anniversary. We ate in Nina's, Tagine, Olives, Beach bar and Eau zone, the food was great in them all, you need to book a table in advance as they seem to be very popular with the locals too. The constant supply of water around the pool and on the beach is very welcome, as are the fruit kebabs in an afternoon. Yes the hotel in near the Palm but we never once heard any noise from the building work. Its very easy to get a metered taxi from the hotel, never once were we pushed towards the hotel cars. Guest relations can seem to arrange anything you wish to do and always with a smile. Will certainly be returning to this hotel maybe try a club room next time!	
Jul 6 2009 	No longer a five star hotel	We have stayed here 7 times but this will be our last. We stay in the Palace Gold Club which used to be genteel and quiet with guests wearing suitable attire particularly in the evening. It is now more like a kids club with them running all over the small club lounge. Many of the current guests are rowdy and do not know how to behave in elegant surroundings. Some even came in with wet swimwear for afternoon tea sitting in fabtic chairs which the staff then had to Iron dry. Service at the Beach didn't exist guests fetched their own towels and drinking water. The seaview has been ruined by the creation of Palm Island. Too many people being upgraded although totally unsuitable.Great food however in all Restaurants.	
Jun 23 2009 	Amazing......	My husband and I stayed at the One and Only for 3 nights as the first part of our Honeymoon. The One and Only is everything you can imagine and more. One of the best hotels we have stayed in by far.The hotel itself is amazing. We arrived early morning and thought we would not be able to check in. However we were greeted by the reception team and seated in the lounge where they proceeded to check us in, and our room was available. We were shattered after our flight so this was great as we could sleep for a few hours!The staff at the hotel cannot do enough for you, which took us both some getting used to. All staff were very helpful and friendly.We had dinner in the Beach Bar and Grill on one night, and although the meal was quite expensive, it was lush, and being surrounded by the beach made it even nicer.We visited the Roof Garden Terrace Bar in the Arabian quarter and went again the following night because it was such a lovely place, really chilled out. Be warned thought the prices for a drink are not all that cheap, but hey we were on our honeymoon!!Rooms were very spacious and we had the added benefit of being greeted by a peacock every morning.When on the beach the staff bought you fresh fruit cocktails and fresh chilled water constantly - it was great.Definitely a place we will go back again.	
Jun 10 2009 	A wonderful last few days of our honeymoon	We travelled to the One and Only Royal Mirage for the last three days of our honeymoon, having stayed at Le Touessrok in Mauritius for the first ten days (I will post a seperate review on that wonderful place too). From the moment we arrived everything was first class. We booked all our travel through Trailfinders and their arrangements were impeccable. We arrived at the One and Only at about 6.30am after a tiring over night flight from Mauritius and amazingly our room was available, which was a huge blessing. We had breakfast and a nap and headed for the pool. The pool was fantastic but it was just too darn hot, so we only managed a couple of hours before retreating for air conditioned comfort.We had a Gold Club room and half board and it was fantastic. Complimentary afternoon tea, and then evening canapes and drinks. We ate in Celebrities restaurant the first night which was wonderful. The second night we were too tired from a day Mall wandering so had room service, which was fab and on the third night we ate in their Morrocan restaurant Ta Gine. The staff were lovely but my food was pretty poor. It didn't cost us anything as we had complimentary half board so I wasn't worried. To be honest by this point I was pretty fed up of eating at all.Overall we loved the hotel, the staff were amazing, it was an oasis of cool, and calm. We both had treatments in the Spa on our last afternoon and it was total bliss.We will definitely return, just at a slightly cooler time of year.	
May 20 2009 	The most stylish luxurious and classy hotel	From the moment you arrive at the huge front doors and the gong is struck, you feel surrounded by opulence and style. The staff are incredible.The pool area can become very busy and the hotel seems incapable of preventing the selfish from reserving sun loungers with towels and then not using them all day. We notice dozens of beds reserved in this way and never used. It is very irritating and should be stopped. The service by the pool is wonderful. Food and drink is on demand and always served promptly. They even have a man circulating the area cleaning sunglasses. It's great. There are some parents who seem to think everyone wants to listen to their children screaming but they are few and far between. The restaurants at the Palace are super; especially the Bar &amp; Grill and the Morroccan. We ate at the Arabian Court in another section of the Royal Mirage and it was less impressive. The Palace has it all; style, sophistication, incredible service, and a decent class of fellow guest. I would highly recommend it.	
Apr 28 2009	Superb hotel with superb service	One And Only Royal Mirage Palace is simply outstanding in all aspects of hospitality. We stayed for 4 nights before joining a cruise at the end of March.	
Apr 20 2009 	What a lovely hotel	Have just returned from a week's stay at Royal Mirage Palace and fell in love with the place. It's beautiful, clean, well positioned and the staff are attentive and polite. Won't repeat the details about rooms or service at the pool area, suffice it to say that our standard deluxe rooms were well decorated, clean and spacious. Toiletries by Gilchrist &amp; Soames, replenished regularly. We arrived at about 10 in the morning after a night flight, and our rooms were not ready. (rooms ready at 2pm) However, after a very civilised check in we were able to have breakfast and then make use of the fitness suite showers and changing facilities to freshen up and get into our swimwear. Our rooms were not ready until 1.30pm, which was a slight inconvenience, but could not be helped because of our flight timings.Food quality at the hotel restaurants is excellent. Huge buffet breakfast/dinner at Olives. Beach Grill excellent, as was Tagine. Pool bar was very busy over the lunchtime period - they could definitely do with some extra tables there. Staff in abundance, but seemed unable to cope with demand at times. OH and son were able to watch football matches in the Rooftop Lounge at the Arabian Court, and the Arabian Adventures agent has an office in the hotel lobby for booking excursions.One thing not to be missed is the Oriental Hammam at the Spa (located by the Residence - middle hotel of complex) We decided to go for one of the numerous massage treatments on offer, and although men and women have their treatments at different times, you can still use the jacuzzi and sauna while your other half is having their treatment. Afterwards, some Moroccan mint tea in the relaxation room - I can honestly say it was a terrific experience, complete chill out in gorgeous surroundings.	
Apr 9 2009	Royal Mirage Palace Hotel Dubai	Just returned from Royal Mirage Palace Hotel in Dubai. Excellent hotel, wonderful service, great choice of food, beautiful pool and gardens. Yes there is some construction work, but this is near to the Arabian Court Hotel, so personally would recommend staying at The Palace as furthest away - and no problem day or night.So impressed we will certainly return and a good stop over for a few days before going long haul.Rhiannon UK	
Mar 16 2009 	What happened to this place?	This was my 3rd stay at The Palace, Royal Mirage. On the previous two occasions this was a near perfect resort, one of the best hotels I had stayed anywhere in the World. This visit was different. From reading some of the reviews it is possible visitors using the Royal Mirage for the first time may consider it an excellent venue. However, for a three time veteran this place has gone way down hill.... The service in many of the restaurants was terrible in comparison to previous years. There appears to be alot of new staff without the adequate training. The hotel has lost some of its best staff, probably to new hotels/restaurants. Service around the pool wasn't as attentive as usual, although the pool bar remains as good as ever. Seating for lunch is a problem and the menu limited (especially for those with children). We visited most of the hotel's restaurants during our stay. Service and food was not upto the usual quality you'd expect of the Royal Mirage e.g. drinks would be ordered, forgotten, re ordered, forgotten, then they'd appear on the bill... Overall there has been a general fall in previously very high standards. All in all very dispapointing this time around.. In the past I'd have happily recommended this hotel to anyone. I considered it one of the very best. Unfortunately, no more! Competition is fierce in Dubai and I'm afraid The Royal Mirage is in danger of losing it's top spot... Time to look elsewhere in my opinion, unless something is done to stop the rot...	
Mar 15 2009 	Excellent in every way!! Class it as a 6 star!!!!	Once you've stayed here all other hotels fade into insignificance! Best service ever! Excellent food in wide selection of restaurants! Great bars! Lovely pools! We Saw Mariah Carey &amp; Venus Williams there so shows you how good it is if they stay there!	
Mar 11 2009 	fabulous relaxing trip	I have just returned from The Palace and thought it was really lovely.The grounds are spacious,beautiful and spotlessly clean.Check in was smooth-you are taken to be seated and given tea,and checkin staff come to you! We were upgraded to a suite(without asking) which was very large with a walk in wardrobe and a really comfortable bed.The building work is only really visable at the Arabian Court side and in no way impacted on our holiday.It may be worth noting that this hotel is suitable if you have a pushchair or find it difficult walking as the grounds are fairly flat,and there are plenty of nice walkways all around.I have been to Dubai before but i have to say in my opinion this is the nicest hotel for me there,and i cant wait to go back!	
Mar 1 2009 	Dissapointed....	Having read all the Trip Advisor reviews I was expecting a near perfect hotel, however I was rather dissapointed to be honest. My biggest problem was with the rooms. Arriving at 3am my wife and I were given a room that stunk of smoke despite a non smoking request. The front desk told me the hotel was full so I would have to wait while they prepared another room (?!) 4am....another room with yet another faint smoke smell.I can forgive this if the room was wonderful but it certainly wasnt. It was average size, aged furniture, an old tv, two small single rock hard beds, very dark, with a tiny balcony that was covered in dust etc from all the building work nearby. I was really dissapointed. To put in context I stay at 5 star chains often, such as Ritz, Rosewood and Four Seasons but I also stay occassionally in four star hotels in Europe and this room was barely on par with some of the latter.Most staff were excellent but avoid the concierge at all costs. Asked them to make dinner reservations, arrived at the restaurant and no record of booking. This happened twice so we took to making our own reservations. They gave wrong opening and closing times of a number of attractions and were totally inept at booking rounds of golf. Appauling for a five star hotel.The building work...yes it is an issue but nobody can visit Dubai not expecting it so I cannot complain about this other than to say the view out to sea is ruined by cranes etc. The noise isnt too bad at The Palace end of the hotel though.I do feel it only fair to mention the positive aspects of the hotel. The grounds of the hotel were stunning, as was thes spa. Lovely pool, amazing bars, restaurants and food. Whilst these redeemed the hotel to some extent, considering the price the hotel commands they need to invest in updating the rooms. Had a look at the Westin next door and whilst not as refined or as Arabian as One and Only the rooms were amazing.	
Feb 28 2009 	We returned after 5 years and Royal Mirage is better than ever!	We have just returned from 7 nights staying in the Palace - we heeded the advice of other trip advisors and didn't stay in the Arabian court becasue of the close proximity of the building work! Our stay was as good if not better than it was when we visited 5 years ago. The resort (and thats what it is, not just a hotel) was superb! There is something for everyone of all ages!We are considering coming back with friends and family in October half term!Really reccomend!	
Feb 20 2009 	perfect	Just returned from four nights at the Royal Mirage Palace and it wasn't long enough. What a beautiful hotel, the attention to detail, fresh flowers, candles etc. made for a perfect ambience. Everywhere was absolutely spotlessand nothing was too much trouble for the staff who were friendly but not overbearing.The food from breakfast to afternnon tea to dinner was all delicious and beautifully presented and the Beach bar and Grill made for a romantic setting.Dubai itself is an amazing place we didnt see any litter or graffiti and The original Bus Company's open top tour is a great way to see this amazing city ,incoprorating a walkin tour around the souksJust be careful though it isn't cheap but you will come back with some lovely memories.	
Feb 17 2009 	very relaxing hotel for all the family	Just back from a weeks holiday in the Palace at the Royal Mirage. This was our second visit to Dubai having stayed in Mina a Salam 2 years ago. We did enjoy our stay at the Mina, but returning to dubai this time with our 4 month old son we decided on the Royal Mirage. The hotel was a perfect choice. The entire resort has lovely walk ways between the arabian court and the palace which were great for bringing our baby for walks. The pool was very relaxing and we did not have a problem with construction noise. The construction is more visable from the Arabian Court site of the resort. The staff very all very friendly throughout the hotel.  All the restaurants were excellent, Olives for Breakfast was superb. we had lunch most days at the pool restaurant. We also tried the beach bar, the tagine (morrocan rest) eau zone and ninas (indian). we cannot fault any of them.I would definetly recommend the palace at the royal mirage and hope to return next year for some winter sun!	
Jan 29 2009 	amazing	we had 2 nights here en-route to the Maldives and it's fabulous. yes there is building work absolutely everywhere but the standard of accommodation and level of service more than compensates for this. grounds were immaculate and pool area beautiful. it's expensive to eat and drink but food was excellent so we didn't really mind that much. the palace part of the royal mirage is very quiet and i don't think you would feel comfortable here if you had children. we visited the pool at the arabian court part of the complex and there were children there so will opt for this part next time, now that we have children. just a fabulous hotel. room was out of this world. i've got nothing bad to say about this hotel. the desert safari is a must do. food was fab considering it had all been cooked in the middle of the desert.	
Jan 28 2009 	Wonderful One and Only	Just spent an amazing week at the Palace at the One and Only Royal Mirage. This was our second time to Dubai and you do have a certain expectation of what the hotels standards will be like. This hotel was above that. I cannot say one bad thing about this hotel; from the moment we arrived we were wowed by the hotel itself, our room and all the special touches that come along during your stay.The facilities at the hotel are great; we mainly used the beach, which was a little windy in the afternoon and then the pool, which was heated. In both areas there are plenty of staff to look after you, with water, fruit and even cleaning your sunglasses if you want!The restaurants are varied, as you can eat in any of the 3 hotels in the resort. We were on half board, which I would definitely recommend, favourites being the Beach Grill, Eau Zone and the Rotisserie, however all are fantastic, just depends on what you want. The breakfasts in Olives are amazing, could not ask for any more choice or better service. For evening the Rooftop Terrace at Arabian Court is a must as is the Arabian Courtyard in the same hotel. There is a great shuttle for getting about in the evenings from each hotel in the resort. There is also one which will take you across to Atlantis on the Palm.Overall another wonderful stay in Dubai. Only comments would be, weather not as great as we thought it would be, also it is very expensive there now compared to previous years. A glass of wine is approx 50 dirham’s everywhere, which is approx, 10 pounds currently. So be prepared to spend!!!! However we will be back, perhaps in a year or so and without a doubt would only stay at the One and Only.	
Jan 27 2009 	Probably not the best 5* in Dubai	Our stay at O&amp;O Royal Mirage was the second part of our trip to Dubai. After a couple of days at Jumeirah Bab Al Shams, located in the middle of the desert, we arrived at The Palace for the next 4 days. The entire resort is huge, but probably The Palace is the largest of the three sections. Our room was really spacious, with a nice balcony overlooking the gardens, but honestly we didn't like its decor.. ok the arabian style, but this looks like 80's style. Overall, bed was very comfy, and everything seemed spotless. At O&amp;O there are a lot of restaurants and bars where you can dine in. We loved EauZone: amazing location and delicious food. Beach Grill was nice too. We also tried room service for a snack and it was ok. In the evening the place to be is the Rooftop Bar, where you can enjoy tasty drinks and listen to music while overlooking Palm Island (by night the island is more acceptable to see). There's also a club inside the O&amp;O, it's called Kasbar. Staff at the resort were always ready to help us; they booked restaurants inside and outside the resort, called taxis, and gave us informations about the city. At The Palace we had a nice heated pool where we spent almost every day of our journey (the beach was a little bit windy in January) even if it was packed with people. Unfortunately at the moment there are many building costruction site around O&amp;O so you can hear some noise from the outside spaces such as restaurants, pools and gardens. Dubai is &quot;work in progress&quot; 24/7 so be prepared! The Palace was definitely the best place to stay because it's located on the opposite side of the construction site of the Palm.Didn't like there is no WiFi available!! And also breakfasts were not 5*.We had a nice experience at The Palace, but if and when we're returning to Dubai we'd probably try another hotel.	
Nov 27 2008	Simply Amazing	I own a Beach front Hotel in Marbella, so being in the business my standards are to say the least, very high! I was traveling with my 2 children aged 2 &amp; 3 so I was quite apprehensive about everything. There was not one thing that I would have changed, the whole experience was fantastic!The rooms where spotless and really spacious, the pool area is superb with service all day.We enjoyed all our meals and the room service is in no way slumming it, your meal arrives on a trolley that turns into a table with a white crisp tablecloth with cloth napkins and fresh flowers.We will Defiantly be going back next year for our family holiday.The only downside is the price of the wine, prices star at 45€ for a decent bottle. I would recommend buying a couple of bottles of whatever spirit you drink from the duty free when you arrive at Dubai airport.All in all a super holiday!!! The best location in Dubai for peace and quite away from the building... Don´t stay at the Arabian Court end as it is really close to the building works.If you are there with kids, defiantly take advantage of the kids club with babysitters as they are great and they spend a couple of hours with all other kids doing activities and swimming, which gives adults the chance to have some lunch.Also if with Children request a ground floor room... Its so much easier as you can get in an out of your room without having to go through the hotel all of the time ... and gives the children a large garden area to play on. Book tables in advance &amp; if they say they are fully booked tell them you will have a drink at the bar and wait till there is a table available... they always say they are full when they aren´t !!If you have already booked you will have a great time... If you are looking to book, do not hesitate it is the best!	
Nov 26 2008 	A wonderful experience	I booked this 5 night break for a celebration of my wifes 60th birthday. It started fabulously with a limousine from the airport to the hotel having flown overnight from the UK. We arrived at the hotel at around 930am and was told the room wasn`t quite ready but please take advantage of the complimentary breakfast. We went to `Olives` the buffet breakfast it was great., an amazing choice of food. The whole ambience of the hotel is luxury. The staff are, without exception truely professional and excellent. We returned to reception and was taken to our room on the second floor sea facing and very well appointed.Its difficult not to over praise the hotel but everything was good clean towels, excellent daily service in the room , amazing flower decorations and towel sculptures nothing too much trouble. The Palace, is one of three hotels in the Royal Mirage complex and all is available to the guests, a free buggy service takes you to the other hotels where you can use the facilities and restaurants. One observation was that the Arabian Court is the nearest to the new construction works and was a bit noisy on the beach so we were glad we were at the other end of the beach at The Palace. Restaurants were excellent especially the service in Celebrities. If you are a wine drinker be prepared to go dry unless you have a large wallet.. a glass of wine was £7 (35 dirhams) and the cheapest bottle was £35 rising to £100 + for wine that isnt that special. it seemed that it was just not encouraged but nevertheless it didnt stop us enjoying ourselves.You are entitled to bring in 4 litres of alcohol each so maybe a purchase before arrival could be a good idea.The hotel surprised us by delivering a lovely bouquet of flowers and a pashmina on my wifes birthday which was in the room on return from breakfast. Then in the evening before we went out to dine a beautiful cake, personalised for my wife, was delivered to the room . Unfortunatley we both had colds which made us not very adventurous and didnt do the desert trip I had planned, but the Arabian Adventures rep in the hotel was very helpful and could offer lots of trips. Prior to leaving the UK I did book the indulgence afternoon tea at the Burj Al Arab (the sail hotel) and it was wonderful its a must to do, amazing hotel (7 stars) a little expensive but for a birthday treat just ideal. We did venture out on the free shuttle bus to the Emirates shopping Mall.... if you like shopping (or ski-ing ) its amazing such a huge complex and the new Dubal mall is even bigger. Just too much for us.Iced water round the pool, sunglasses cleaned, polite pool area staff clean soft beaches oh it goes on. a fantastic holiday oh and the temperature was 28 - 30 just the job.I dont mind if you want to contact me if you want anymore info (keefyofd@aol.com)	
Nov 1 2008 	Nearly perfect!	My family and I visited in October and had an absolutely wonderful stay - despite the odd issue Im sure nobody will be disappointed staying here. We are a very fussy, well travelled family with grown up children so I will do my best to give our view.The hotel is stunning - authentic Arabic touches such as the camels at the entrance etc make you really feel like you are in Dubai - we had a look at the Westin next door and it was in contrast very corporate - you could have been anywhere in the world. So whilst some reviewers have branded the Arabic touches 'naff' I wouldn’t agree. The pool is beautiful and large, if a little crowded - the hotel was full when we were there. A lot of small children/babies were there and there was no childrens pool (Its not a particularly child friendly place considering the heat and romantic style of the hotel) so for that reason we stayed on the beach, which was lovely and much quieter. We were very apprehensive about the extent of building work going on but although its a shame about the view of the gulf being obstructed by cranes etc, there is no noise and you soon get used to it. One thing I would add is that the more pricey Palace section of the hotel is close to a new hotel construction and would possibly have some noise from this.The spa deserves a special mention - it was beautiful. Expensive but no more so that other top 5 star properties. I would advise anyone to have one of the rituals in the authentic hamman, it was incredible.Restaurants were all stunning but needed to be booked a day in advance. We were on half board and it was excellent value. The wait time for food was fairly long but I suppose thats in keeping with the romantic atmosphere. We therefore favoured the buffet restaurants which were surprisingly excellent -at Rotiserie the food was the best we have ever had on a holiday, which is some feat! If Im being pernickety I would say breakfast at Olives wasn’t the best Ive had - more selection needed.Staff were excellent - very polite and could not do enough for you.The only downside was the rooms. We felt they were quite average for a hotel of this calibre. Beautiful Arabian style bathroom and dressing area, but very small balcony and the room itself was on the small side, a little bland, and worst of all two single beds....expected two queens/doubles. Be warned there are also a few smoking rooms at the hotel and despite requesting a non smoking, guess what we ended up with! After complaining to the manager we were moved...but not what you need when you've arrived at 3am.The only other issue was that the concierge was totally incompetent. They were awful, not making restaurant reservations when asked, lacking info about golf etc. With regard to dress code some people got dressed up for dinner, some didn't...whatever you choose. We even noticed the odd football shirt at breakfast (groan) The 'cover up' rules for women do not apply to the hotel and apart from avoiding anything too short or low cut when you leave the hotel the Arabs are tolerant.We checked out the Mandinant Jumeriah and Atlantis which are 10/15 minutes away - very nice but tourist hotspots so great to visit but would have hated to have stayed somewhere so hectic. The Burj is just too OTT. So all in all I wouldn’t stay anywhere else in Dubai and hope to return soon!	
Oct 28 2008 	Not perfect but still outstanding	We have just come back from a weeks stay at this hotel as part of our honeymoon, we were slightly apprehensive about our stay due to the mixed reviews we read prior to our trip.* DO NOT WORRY LIKE WE DID, THIS PLACE IS OUTSTANDING*The only way you could experience a miserable time here is if you yourself are miserable.The staff , the rooms, the architecture, the pool, the beach, the restaurants, the gardens, the spa were all outstanding.The only thing we did not like was leaving.We will definitely return, hopefully very soon.	
Oct 23 2008 	Loved every second of our stay	We were a little apprehensive before we arrived after seeing the hotel ranking go from 3rd to 10th however from the moment we arrived we knew we had made the right choice and our concerns were soon at the back of our minds.The hotel staff were fabulous and went out of their way to make us feel welcome nothing was ever to much trouble. We were there to celebrate our wedding anniversary and the hotel arranged flowers and a champagne breakfast, they also presented us with a lovely leather picture frame.The room at the palace was clean and comfortable with a huge tv with the sports channels on for my husband and loads of closet space for me. We had a nice balcony over looking the swimming pool however we couldn't see very much as there were huge palm trees blocking the view. During our stay we had breakfast in both Celebrities and Olives, we would advise you to choose Olives out of the two as we had to wait 30 minutes to be seated in Celebrities. We also ate at Tagine, Beach bar and grill and Eauzone and had room service on 2 occasions. We can honestly say we didn't have one bad meal during our entire stay.We spent a couple of hours each day (thats all we could stand with the 40 degrees heat) on the beach which was immaculate, and the sea was like swimming in a huge hot bath tub and ok the view is not stunning as you can see the Palm being constructed however during the whole week we did not hear one noise coming from the Palm. So I really don't understand where people are coming from when they say there is constant noise it is absolute rubbish!The hotel staff working on the beach were fantastic keeping us topped up with iced water, cool towels, and fruit kebabs and also offering to clean our sunglasses. We chose not to sit round the pool as we prefer the beach however it did look very nice although it was very crowded. My husband also enjoyed a game of water basketball which was one of the activities the hotel arranges.For our anniversary I arranged the Seawings flight for my husband as a surprise, it was amazing and I would strongly recommend anyone to do it. It was great to see all the famous Dubai landmarks from above.We also did the Arabian Adventures trip called &quot;Just For You&quot; We were taken into the desert by 4x4 then met by camels which took us to our own private spot where we had our own waiter who cooked a delicious barbecue meal just for the two of us we were made to feel very special. It was a lovely romantic evening.We went to the Burj Al Arab for drinks in the Skybar which was also a fantastic experience you are given a one hour time slot when you book however we spent over 3 hours in the bar and nobody seemed to mind.We also got to wander around the Burj and take photographs without any fuss.I would also thoroughly recommend the Buddah Bar at the Grosvenor House Hotel. It was ranked the number 1 restaurant in the whole of Dubai and it was superb. Very very expensive I think we spent around £220 on a 3 course meal for two and we had a couple of bottles of wine but I would definitely go back again the food, the service and the atmosphere was top notch.Anyway back to the One and Only, the roof top bar at the Arabian Court was brilliant and a must for people to go to and have a drink at. Part of our holiday coincided with Ramadan and the hotel courtyards were transformed into Ramadan cafes which looked amazing.The only one negative point that I can say about this hotel is the lack of taxis. If you wanted to go out during the day time fine not a problem the hotel staff would call you a taxi however in the evening you had to wait until someone was being dropped off at the hotel so you could have their taxi, not as easy as it sounds if their are 5 or 6 couples all waiting at the same time, the bellboys issue you with a number and you have to wait until its your turn which is all well and good but sometimes it could take 10 minutes to wait for your turn other times it took up to 40 minutes. So if you have to be somewhere for a certain time in the evening it is best to plan ahead and give yourself plenty of time.I loved my time in Dubai and at this hotel so much that I am already planning my return trip! I would say the hotel has one of the best locations, right on the beach and within easy reach of all the major sights and shopping malls.It truly was a 5 star experience from the moment we arrived until the moment we left.	
Oct 15 2008 	A great place to stay	Stayed for 3 nights at the Palace and it exceeded all expectations. We ate in Eau Zone, Olives, The Beach restaurant and Tagine and the food and service could not be faulted. Happy hour drinks in the roof terrace are a must and the only dodgy service we had was in the Courtyard at the Palace which was very slow.The pool area was very crowded when we were there so we chatted to the pool manager who let us have a cabana at the adults only pool which was lovely and peaceful in comparison. The beach was a let down (partly as we had just been in the beautiful Seychelles) and a bit like swimming in a building site lagoon! We were well aware that one of the palms was being build opposite though so this would not put me off from staying there again. There is a dull noise from all the work going on but I imagine you would get that at any hotel in Dubai.Some elements (such as the gold camels at the entrance) are a bit naff and bling but the overall quality and service of the hotel means that you soon forget about them and focus on soaking up the experience.	
Sep 24 2008 	Hotel great but location not so great.	We've just returned from The Palace and have really mixed feelings about our holiday. Yes, the service at the hotel was fantastic, the staff really make your holiday special and were so sweet with our children. It's a shame the previous reviewer didn't rate Olives because the staff in there were so sweet to our children each night at dinner (though we chose to eat elsewhere once the babysitter arrived!), the food was decent but the decor a bit naff.The kids club was a bit of a joke, it was no bigger than our spare box bedroom at home with the TV on all day. They didn't allow children under 4 and yet everything in there was geared towards pre-schoolers. children are taken from each of the 3 hotels kids clubs to a bigger club which was great, it had a lovely outdoor paddling pool but once again, it was geared towards children aged 6 and under. Older children would probably be bored.As previous reviewers have mentioned, the pool is a really lovely space and the choice of restaurants fantastic. HOWEVER, the building works for the palm are right opposite the beach, so instead of having a beautiful view of the arabian gulf, you get to see tonnes and tonnes of cranes working all day, and you can hear them! I cant believe we are some of the only people on this site that have mentioned it. It felt like swimming in an estuary as opposed to the sea. So yes, the hotel is fantastic but really we could have been anywhere in the world and Dubai itself I guess just isn't my cup of tea, it's too fake and not finished. Next year I'll be making more of an effort to sit on a plane longer for a much better destination.	
Sep 18 2008 	It's ok	Ok.....so it's not that the hotel is bad....but it had a lot to live up to as we'd just spent 10 days at a beautful hotel in Mauritius. As we approached the hotel we were faced by gold camels at the entrance, and walking into the reception 4 huge palm trees. We just found it all a little OTT and dare I say tacky.Our room was ok, nothing special. It was clean and we had the turn down service each night which was appreciated.We were there on honeymoon and were presented with some flowers and a photo frame which was a nice touch. We were also given a voucher for breakfast in bed, which was so much better then what we expected.My biggest reason for writing this review is to beg people not to bother going to Olives for dinner....it really isn't special. Luckily in passing the guy at reception told us we can go to any of the restaurant in the other hotels (Arabian court and Residence) and ask for the half board menu. We went to EauZone and Ninas, both of which were lovely and the set menus were really good. Also, we chose to go to Celebrities for breakfast, we found the atmosphere in Olives v depressing. The staff are nice enough.......would I go back? No.	
Sep 9 2008 	The Royal Mirage is out of this world	We've just got back from a week staying at the Palace. It was the best experience we've had and its going to be hard to find a holiday to beat it. Fresh flowers &amp; fruit every day was a nice touch. The service was great, and the pool at the palace was always quiet, there was never any need to rush out and get your towels by the pool, so you can enjoy your breakfast. I would recommend using the other hotel facilities at the Arabian Court and Residence. Take a walk to the Arabian court in the morning for breakfast, great food. We were on the half board at the Palace and you could use all of the restaurants in the complex, as they have a 3 course set menu at all of the restaurants for people on the half board option or you get a credit of 125 dirhams per person from the a la carte which will normally get you a good main course. The Eau Zone at Arabian Court had great food on the half board, and superb service. I also used the fitness centre at the Spa most days which was very well equipped, and the attendents were very helpful, bringing cold towels, water etc when they saw me getting tired! The Spa is stunning. There is a smaller fitness centre at the Palace which is also great.An air conditioned car is also available to ferry you between the hotels on the complex so you don't get hot when moving around for dinner etc. The drinks at the hotel are expensive about £5 for a beer or glass of wine, so make sure you go to the duty free at the airport when you land at Dubai or Abu Dhabi, and have a drink on your balcony before you go out. The roof top bar at Arabian court was good with a happy hour from 19.30 to 20.30.We went during Ramadan which was no problem at all, probably a good thing because the hotel was fairly quiet &amp; you can get food on the complex during the day but no alcohol is served before 19.30, which really was not an issue. The shopping malls are great, but no eating in public was allowed in Ramadan, didn't stop me sneaking to the toilets for a quick drink &amp; snack. You could start eating in public at around 18.30. The Mall of the Emirates was massive, if like me you go with your girlfriend who likes shopping but you don't, go the the cinema or go skiing whilst they shop till they drop!Metered taxis are very easy to get hold of, but try not to travel into the town centre at rush hour 16.00 - 18.30, as the traffic is really terrible even tho they have 12 lane roads! A rail link is being built but will not be complete for another year.We flew into Abu Dhabi on Etihad, this was a cheaper option than Emirates into Dubai, a free bus is provided by Etihad from Abu Dhabi Airport to Dubai Bus Station, but we got a fixed price taxi for 275 Dirhams £40, direct to the hotel from Abu Dhabi airport which is a much easier option, and its about an hour journey. Much quicker than the coach &amp; less hassle.On the way back we got a meter taxi from the hotel to Abu Dhabi airport which was 180 Dirhams (£30). The service on Etihad was great with really good new movies. There was free interet access at the hotel for about 10 minutes, then you may have to pay a small amount after this time, I wasn't charged tho.The Royal Mirage is a very sophisticated &amp; refined hotel, and when we visited some of the others I found them a bit tacky, we went to the Burj Al Arab for drinks and this was very tacky inside which is a shame as it is stunning from the outside. I also found the Mina A Salaam a little fake &amp; fairy land, but this all depends on what you are looking for, as they are of course great hotels with loads of facilities. The beach at the Mirage was also massive, and the building work on the Palm is not a problem,as its not very close, its also kinda interesting to see all the development. There's always loads of sun beds available, with lots of space between them so you are not crammed in, the beach is huge.The weather in September was not too hot as you kept being given cold towels &amp; iced water. The sea was also nice and warm.Have a great time at the Palace, it really is fantastic.	
Sep 7 2008 	OK!	My partner and i stayed here in august. He was on business for 2 weeks and i joined him for a week. Being a fussy dollybird i always like the top fancy but trendy hotels, but like to find somewhere thats not as expensive or ornate as the burj al arab!The One and only was ok, I liked it and everyone was very attentive to us, but do think its lacking in 5* status. we stayed in the gold club area of hotel (which is a little bit extra-not much more than standard room price, where you got free breakfast, drinks and afternoon tea, which was very nice! and worth the extra). Being out of season august it was crazy humid/hot, but bearable. We booked direct with the hotel and were paying almost £400 per night, whereas lots of the other guests we talked to had booked 'cheap packages' through agents for almost half that, which kinda cheapens the place. Our room was standard nice, and maid service good. Restaurants were good although quite pricey.The arabian court decor was gorgeous, more modern than the palace-but their pool area was crampt and they dont have the gold club deal rooms. The pool at the palace is great, nice and big, it was hard to get loungers after mid-day although the beach was always quiet. The residence and spa seemed more exclusive, you couldnt get me out of the spa-haman. Also the hairdressers were amazing, after 3 years of visiting top mayfair salons attempting to colour my bleached blonde hair darker, the morrocan girl there did an amazing job that no other hairdresser in the world (litterally) has done! The new westin is right next door to the palace and looks very nice. Also the one and only are opening the atlantis on the palm (which we could see whilst on the beach) which looks identical to the bahamas one and will be interesting to see what its like without the american aspect!.The daily round up of guests for volley-ball in the pool was more reminisent of a cheap euro package holiday hotel, but it was nice to see all the guests making friends in the process!. We visited the madinat where you have the 3 hotels ;mina-al-salam, al qusar etc and they seemed a bit nicer but they were more busy and touristy-kinda more fake/plasticy like vegas hotels, like the wynn resort. The royal mirage has got a nice quieter position than the madinat i think. Had dinner in the asian restaurant in the burj al arab, food and service was exceptional and bill was £300 for the 2 of us, but it was a buffet style so you could eat as much as you liked!, followed with drinks in the top bar, views amazing, altho seemed everyone couldnt relax-got that impression in the burj, lots of glam russians. had the best peach bellini for £30!Taxi drivers there drive like maniacs although its peanuts to go anywhere, just wear your seatbelt. Didnt like the way of life there, example; was in the ladies toilets of a shopping mall queing, and there was a chinese girl in front of me, and a soap attendant lady standing by,- a cubicle became free and the chinese girl went to go in it, then a old arab lady in full clothing walked in and the soap attendant, stopped the chinese girl and said &quot;no this lady first&quot; and the chinese girl stood back. unbelievable. Also the workers in the mirage say they only get £150 a month for 20 hr days and the indians get treated really badly. My partners opening a branch of his business out there and various expats told him that the culture is arabs 1st, english 2nd..the rest get treated with contempt. Also if your a glamorous women (im a retired model) then your only good for one thing!.Mall of the emirates, excellent shopping. Head to Aizone if youre a wag-spent £2k in there. Went to karama, as id heard about the amazing copies you could find there. was very dissapointed, hassled minute we got out of taxi. I have many real bags and watches, but lately got some fakes from a website a friend uses. The bags and watches were all bad obvious copies. and several shops tried to sell me the same chanel j2 ceramic, one for £50, one for £200.When i told them i wanted swiss-quality copies (which are usually like £300 each) they just tried to sell me the chinese £20 copies for £300. Love the grovesnor house hotel (very minimalist and trendy, but no good as no beach) and the gary rhodes restaurant (very white like the sanderson) is top notch. Ive stayed in the royal meridien beach hotel last year (with ok mag as im a stylist) and thats much cheaper altho hideous 80's carpets and not really trendy and too far from the action. Also heard the pallazzo versace's opening there and is mega luxurious.Like dubai, must visit to see for yourself. All 3 hotels that make up one and only are very nice, although get a good deal as i think it wasnt really upto the price we paid.	
Aug 31 2008 	Do Not Go There If You Have A Honeymoon!!!!!!!	We are absolutely disappointed and disgusted that the Royal Mirage did not acknowledge that we were spending our Honeymoon at their hotel. Even though it was booked as a honeymoon holiday via a honeymoon travel agent and the Royal Mirage booking confirmation stated it was a HONEYMOON!After many many several attempts (hints) were made by my husband to the Guest Relations office to tell them we got a bunch a flowers and a measly wooden photo frame on the last day of our stay. NO THANKS to Cecile Steding, the Guest Services Manager. What was the point on our last day?????So if you are planning to stay there for your honeymoon - DO NOT even consider it!However if you are planning a birthday you will be treated as a King and Queen....On a final note, I would like to address this to Mr Olivier Louis, the General Manager. I would like to ask you the question if you spent a honeymoon holiday at your hotel would you like to be completely ignored by your staff?From a disgruntled Mr and Mrs Bains (room 516)	
Aug 28 2008 	Slightly Disappointed	Having stayed at the Palace twice before, once in 2002 and once in 2004, we were really looking forward to our stay as this hotel had always been one of our real favorites.However, I now have to agree with one other reviewer who felt the hotel was getting complacent.On the plus side this is still a lovely hotel, with superb grounds and a lovely pool. The service is still good and very very good in the restaurants especially Nina's and Celebrities. However I had a very strong feeling that the level of friendlyness and service that you got by the pool was extremely dependent on how much was being tipped and did not like the fact that some guests were &quot;tipping&quot; the pool guys to reserve sunbeds - especially when they weren't bothering to turn up until midday!! This hotel used to have a policy where guests could not put towels on sunbeds unless they were actually going to stay by the pool. PLEASE return to this.I also felt that for a five star hotel the rooms, while absolutely spotless are getting a little tired. In our room the furniture was def in need of a upgrade. Also the lack of tea and coffee making facilities in the room needs to be put right.All in all we enjoyed our stay but felt that generally the staff were not as happy to be working at the hotel and serving the guests as they used to be. And this has, for us, changed the atmosphere. We were also lucky enough to stay at the Al Qasr at the Madinat in June and I'm afraid will be returning there in the future not the Royal Mirage, which is something I didn't think we'd say.Basically if this is your first visit to Dubai you will enjoy this hotel but if you are a returning guest I think you will notice a difference especially if you've tried other 5*+ hotels in Dubai in the meantime. Sorry Royal Mirage but I think you need to up your game if you are going to compete with some of the other hotels. Resting on a reputation isn't good enough.	
Aug 24 2008 	The Best	My husband and I have just returned from The Palace and it was so good I have just had to write a review. We were upgraded to the Gold Lounge which is definitely worth doing. Everyday they serve afternoon tea from 3.00 pm to 6.00pm, then from 6.00 pm to 8.00pm drinks and canapes. Tea, coffee and soft drinks are available all day. The staff in the Gold Lounge were outstanding and just couldn't do enough for you. Infact, all the staff at this hotel are outstanding. The staff are such a big part of what makes this hotel so very special. We wanted a week of relaxing and having nice meals on an evening and that is what we got. The restaurants are wonderful. We were on the half board option which you can either have the half board menu or 250 dirhams per couple per night towards the a' la carte menu. We used the dirhams. We ate in Nina's, Eau Zone, The Dining Room and Celebrities and they were all excellent. My personal favourite is Celebrities. If you want a very special holiday this is the hotel to go to.	
Aug 10 2008 	Fabulous experience expensive but worth every penny!	*Stayed at the Royal Mirage Palace for a week to celebrate my partners 40th birthday. The staff could not do enough for us, they were absolutely superb - expect to be treated like royalty, they don't disapoint. On my partners birthday he received a lovely bottle of Givenchy Eau de Toilette and gorgeous personalised birthday cake - thanks must go to Cecile Steding Guest Services manager.*The Palace is one of the most beautiful hotels, very low key and stylish with gorgeous grounds and pool. Cool iced mineral water is provided about every 10 minutes by the pool, cold towels smelling of roses and fruit kebabs about 3pm - all complimentary.*Rooms are quite large and very comfortable, big bathroom and walk in wardrobe. Housekeeping are again faultless, sheets changed everyday, turndown service, fresh flowers &amp; fruit also 2 bottles of mineral water again complimentary per day.*Restaurants provide a huge variety of exeptionally tasty dishes - drinks are quite expensive ( small perrier and small beer came to £7) ask for the house water rather than Evian or Perrier.* Beach is stunning and a great view to the Palm and on a clear day you can see the Burj al Arab in the distance. Would advise to be very careful if you travel in July, temperatures hit 114 and humidity at 80% so very sticky - even at night a balmy 90! August is to be avoided apparently as winds come in off the desert and it's even hotter!* Mall of the Emirates superb for shopping, fantastic ski slope and big cinema, nice choice of restaurant/ cafe's - try Japengos. I have to thank the tripadviser who recommended the Seawings flight - I treated my partner to it and was very impressed.* Recommended to anyone and worth the expense!	
Jul 29 2008 	Absolutely Fabulous!	First the down side - our stay was only 3 nights!! This was the third leg of our holiday having stayed prior on 2 amazing islands in the Maldives. Jim at maldivesdirect.uk.com recommended and organised the entire trip including all transfers. We have done this type of holiday (maldives and dubai) on several occasions before but never have we had such good advice and such a detailed and easy itinerary (also the best price that we had been quoted). All 3 resorts were fabulous in every way. It was our wedding anniversary on our arrival day at the palace, we had a bouquet of flowers in our room along with a floral arrangement and a lovely leather photograph frame. We enjoyed our anniversary dinner at Ninas and were presented with a cake and we were showered with rose petals, also the meal was great.The hotel is fabulous, the piano bar is great for early and late evening drinks. In addition to Ninas we ate at the tagine and olives buffet restaurant, all meals including breakfasts were excellent. We were on the half board package which i would do again, we paid a little extra to eat at Ninas and Tagine but we thought it was good value and the decor in the restaurants is stunning. The pool is huge and all landscaping all around the resort is immaculate. The sun loungers are so comfortable. The pool guys are great and they continually bring cool water for you to drink. And you need to drink - it was 51degrees!! It was lovely to order a beer sitting on the steps of the pool and it is bought to you in an ice bucket. All communal areas are extremely clean.The dress throughout the day is very casual but in the evening you can dress up which is nice, having said that you could be casual or dressed to the nines you wont feel out of place either way.The Palm - Yes its right in front of the hotel, well to the right and obviously quite a distance away, but it didnt bother us, dont let that put you off staying here.We used the hotel shuttle service to the Emirates mall and the Madinat souk, we used taxis to return and they were very cheap.The staff absolutely everywhere around the resort were fantastic. The guest relations staff were particularly helpful and even reserved our seats on our homeward flight with Emirates.We would definately return here in preference to other hotels that we have stayed at in Dubai including the Burj al Arab.	
Jul 27 2008 	A great weekend break	Just came back from 3 nights at Palace in the One &amp; Only during July. I had such a good time. I am going back to Dubai in September for a week. I did this holiday with a work colleague.We arrived early in the morning. We hadn’t booked transfers to the hotel but it was really easy to just take a taxi less than £15. And they had women only taxis—different.Upon checking in, we were given tea and a cold towel. This is just lovely as you really start to feel the heat. Our room wasn’t ready. But the arrangement is you can go the gym which has changing rooms. Change and hang out on the beach until your room is ready. So as a good hint. Just have a beach bag ready in the top of your suitcase with swimsuit and cover-up etc. The grounds are beautifully landscaped. One evening after dinner we went for a walk. The sight of the peacocks resting on the lights of the tennis court –funny. Our room was more than adequate. The bathroom had a good selection of toiletries. There was a separate shower stall.The beach area had a good layout. There are loungers and cabanas down there already. The main pool was quite big. And whatever time we came down the staff were always able to find empty loungers for us. The pool is lovely to dip in when the day gets really hot. Another treat was the adult only pool. Just a nice place to get away from the kids. The service around the pools and the beach was next to nothing. The staff came around with ice water constantly. And as the temperature was on average 110º a necessity. They also came around with iced-towels and fruit kebabs. And to top it off, most afternoons you could get your sunglasses cleaned. We were on half-board. So in the evening you had a choice of having the buffet at Olives in the Palace or The Rotisserie at the Arabian Court. Or you could get a credit that could be used at the other restaurants. We went to the buffets for our three nights and enjoyed each night. I have to say desserts were my favourites. I know it has been mentioned that alcohol is expensive but what do you expect. Dubai is not the country if you want to drink yourself silly and act crazy. Enough said!One evening we went to Mall of the Emirates opened till midnight. A great place to walk and look around. The place is huge with a wide variety of shops from Debenhams to Tiffany’s. And you just have to see the ski-slope. Taxis were cheap and plentiful. This was my 5th trip to Dubai. And I can only say I loved it. The service at the Palace was next to nothing. The staff was helpful and eager to please. And the changes that are happening in Dubai you have to see it to believe it. The Palm Wow!!	
Jul 25 2008 	Absolutely fantastic!!	The opulence of the hotel cannot be captured by photo. It has to be experienced. The beauty is very understated. The food in each restaurant is second to none and the service is fantastic (even in the buffet restaurants).The pool is huge and the atmosphere is very relaxed. The pool waiting staff are friendly and pander to your every need. They bring fresh fruit and water, cold towels and even clean your sunglasses.The prices are reasonable for drinks and food. This was my first time to the palace and I will definitely be back, but next time for longer. It was by far the best hotel I have ever stayed in.	
Jul 23 2008 	A brilliant hotel	We have just returned from a week at the &quot;One and Only&quot; with Virgin Holidays. What a briliant hotel. We have stayed in hotels all over the world and I can honestly say that this was one of the best hotels we have stayed in. (I cannot understand the previous comments from &quot;Lady P&quot; what hotel did she go to, it certainly wasn't the same one as us!!).It was my birthday during our stay. When we arrived at our room there was a huge bouquet of flowers, a gift wrapped pashmina and a gorgeus chocolate cake with my name on it. On leaving the hotel there was another card and a gift of a photo album. This was all way and beyond what I would expect at any hotel.The hotel was spotless, the rooms cleaned and attended to twice a day. It was immaculate. The staff were so friendly and would do anything for you. A special mention to the pool attendants who waited on us hand and foot for the whole time we were there and were always smiling and polite. They would take your drink order, bring lots of cold water, fresh fruit platters and clean your sunglasses for you. By the lifts on each floor was a smiling attendant just to show you the way to your room. (I must admit it took a couple of days to find our way around the corridors).The food was really good. There was plenty of choice and the restaurants were excellent. Lovely breakfast with loads of choices. We went to the Olives buffet a couple of times and the fusion one, but our favourite was the seafood restaurant. The set menu there was excellent. My husband had oysters there one night and paid the extra but it was very reasonable.We did find the drinks expensive. I only drink wine and the cheapest bottle in the restaurants was about £20 but you can expect that in most 5 star hotels.All in all it was a very relaxing chilled out holiday. Great hotel, lovely white beach with crystal clear (if somewhat hot) water. I would certainly go back there again but not in the summer months and would recommend this hotel to everyone. Fantastic.	
Jul 22 2008 	The Best Hotel in the World	This is without question the best hotel I have ever stayed in the world, closely followed by its sister hotels Le Saint Geran and Le Touessrok on Mauritius.If you can't have a fantastic time at this hotel, there is something seriously wrong with you.The atmosphere and service is second to none.If you want a great time make sure you go to the belly dancing in the desert, you wont be disappointed.	
Jul 16 2008 	Fantastic did not want to come home	Just came home today from two weeks in the Gold club at The Royal Mirage Palace. We had returned this year after staying at the hotel 4 years ago for our honeymoon and were certainly not dissappointed. The hotel was still fantasic! The service and friendliness of the staff was excellent. The hotel is excellently maintained. The Gold club is worth paying the extra for as you get afternoon tea between 3-5pm and cocktails, spirits and wine from 6 - 8pm. 24 hours a day you can have tea, coffee and soft drinks. We went on a half board basis and you can have a set menu or an allowance towards your food (which we very rarely had to add anything to). You do not get boared on the half board as there is 8 different resturants to choose from and you can dine in all three parts to the hotel . There are two buffet style resturants ,Olives and the Rotisseriee. The Beach Bar and grill is very romantic and the steaks and seafood is amazing. You can have Indian in Ninas, which is also excellant, we went here for our anniversary dinner and the resturat put rose petals on the table ( making the setting extremly romantic). Euazone is oriental and I would have to say this and Nina were my favourite. The pool is huge and no matter how busy the hotel is the pool is nerver crowded. I cant wait to go back again next year. It is the special attention everyone gets from staff and the opulance of the hotel that make it a holiday of a lifetime.	
Jul 5 2008 	Amazing	We have just returned and like other reviews cannot fault any part of the hotel. Service was amazing. We also were at the gold club and would definitely recommend it. The pool was amazing, as was the beach - sea so warm, great activities at hotel also, but not over the top, eg volly ball, badminton tournaments.We were not put off by construction work at all, we can't wait to go back - and we probably will next year to this hotel!	
Jun 29 2008 	A Quiet Retreat ~ Fabulous Boutique Style Hotel	We stayed here for 4 nights before moving on to Mina A Salam.The hotel is immaculate, the grounds of the hotel are simply perfect. The pool is enormous, yet because the hotel is quite small in comparison to others in the areas, it never appears busy with guests. A lovely touch is the moment you arrive at the pool side 2 glasses of bottled water are provided and these are continually topped up by the pool guys.......this saves you a fortune in bottled water prices. The pool bar is gorgeous and the salads were perfect for lighter lunches. The staff in the hotel are fantastic they go out of their way to make your stay enjoyable.The breakfast buffet is in Olives Restaurant which is quite twee, but offers the normal 5* range of breakfast. We ate here twice on an evening and the buffet was good, nothing to get excited about, we were half board (unexpected as we didn't realise that this was in on the price, so it was a nice suprise) if you did not want the buffet then you could have a credit of 145 Dhs to spend in any other al a carte restaurant. We went to the seafood restaurant at the beachside one night and this was outstanding.The hotel lacks somewhere to drink on an evening (in our opinion) and the only place was in the hotel lobby or the outside Arabic cafe (a bit too hot to sit out, although they did have fans on circulating the hot air).The rooms are comfortable, they don't blow you away with oppulance which some other hotels have, but nevertheless they are spacious and clean. Nice range of toiletries (Gilchrist &amp; Soammes).The beach of this hotel is very close to the work of the Palm but it is not intrusive, we never heard any construction work at all during our stay. In fact it is quite interesting to have a wander down to see the extent of the work going on.This hotel is a bit more exclusive so if you want privacy then this may be the hotel for you. We prefer a few more options than this hotel offered and when we moved to the Mina A Salam for the second leg of the holiday we got exactly what we wanted.It isn't somewhere we will go back to, but we definately enjoyed the stay, the relaxation and peacefulness of the hotel. 4 days was plenty for us.	
Jun 24 2008 	Out of this world	From arrival to departure this was the best vacation imaginableFrom the sound of the gong the experience is far beyond your expectations.A must is an upgrade to the gold club,which is only a small charge.This gets you afternoon tea ,unlimited soft drinks and ,spirits cocktails between 6 and 8 so if your careful and book your tables for 8.30 you can arrive moderately happy!!!We ate at eau zone ,nina ,moroccan and celebreties which are all fanatstic and if your on half board you can choose of any menu and get the credit off !!The lamb in celebrities is fantastic the best!!We visited the burj al arab restaurant on the 27th floor one night and had a very nice meal try to avoid ordering champagne or wine it works out at £200-£300 per bottle.The palace sent us across in one of theyre limo's nice touch!! The pools are all fantastic and the adult one like having your own private pool!!We had a lot of footballers staying whilst we where theyre which also indicates the standard of this hotel!!!A fanatstic place we will be returning again and dont be put off by the building work its barely noticeable unless you walk onto the beach	
Jun 2 2008 	Lovely Hotel	We stopped at the Royal Mirage for 3 nights on our way back from the Maldives. The hotel is fabulous definitely worth its 5 stars. The pool and hotel are very beautiful. The hotel is at the base of the palm (being built out to sea) so there isn’t much of a view out to sea. There is a lot of building work going on, so be warned. It didn’t put us off. We arrived at the hotel very early morning about 7am and although we were knew the check in time was expected to be 2pm we actually got our room by 9am which was great as we’d travelled through the night. The room was spacious and extremely clean and tidy, it was cleaned twice a day. We booked the sundowner safari, which is a must. A jeep picks you up from the hotel about 4pm and you spend in the evening in the desert. The jeep takes you up and down the sand dunes, followed by your evening meal in a camp in the middle of the desert. You also get the chance to ride camels and watch belly dancing or even take part!! We ate in the Olive restaurant on both other nights; we can choose between the buffet or from the menu, both very nice and reasonable price. There is a lot of choice of where to eat, but as we were only there 3 nights, we didn’t get chance to try the other. I would definitely recommend afternoon tea in the lobby, scones and clotted cream – yum We really loved Dubai and can’t wait to visit again.	
Jun 2 2008	Quality and luxury	This hotel is beautiful, full of luxury. The quality service is amazing... the rooms, the restaurants, the big pool, the private beach, everything is excelent. I trully recommend this hotel in Dubai	
Jun 1 2008 	Loved it!	Brilliant hotel. Lovely big rooms, balcony overlooking gardens and pool. Lots of lovely restaurants and bars on site. We tried Nina's, Olives, beach grill, Eau Zone and the rooftop courtyard. All brilliant! Food and drink not expensive bearing in mind 5* status. Can't fault anything, would def go back.	
May 27 2008 	Loved the Palace	Fantastic, excellent, can't say anything bad..Upgraded and got afternoon tea, and happy 2 hours of any drinkRoom fabulous, restaurants wonderful.Highly recommended...	
May 23 2008 	This is the hotel for Dubai holiday	We have just returned from celebrating our Ruby Wedding at this hotel, staying for 12 nights in May. From the moment we arrived the staff made us feel as though they had arranged everything just for us. Not just 40 red roses in the bedroom on arrival, but a further 40 on the actual date, plus we were given some very nice mementoes of our visit.The hotel, whilst full, did not seem full, there was plenty of space both around the pool and on the beach.The ambiance, the food, the right level of attentiveness from all the staff was fantastic. Whilst we have stopped in some nice hotels before in Dubai, this is the One and Only for us – go try.	
May 14 2008 	Gem of a place!	We stayed here for 4 nights on the first part of our honeymoon. We were collected by a very helpful driver at the airport and taken to the hotel where 5 staff where waiting for us at the entrance. The 'gong' was sounded as we were taken through to the Gold room entrance for check in. Even though we arrived first thing our room was ready and the bags were brought up to us promtly. We had choosen a pool view but it was more a 'palm' view!The room itself was large with a very comfortable bed and luxury bathroom. As a 'gold' you had free breakfast up until 12pm, afternoon tea and cocktails in the evening which worked out really well. You also had free internet access 24/7 which was a bonus as some hotels still charge for the internet!The pool area was vast with plenty of seats even though it was busy. Sunglasses were often cleaned, fruit sticks and water were also often offered. The beach was private and clean but not as nice as further down towards the Burj. One day there was a boat race on and a helicopter that followed the circuit. The noise was horrendous and the helicopter flew over (extremely low) on several occasions to the point many people went inside. It was ashame as it ruined a peaceful afternoon. I am not sure if it was a one off or not.There are plenty of restaurants, The Beach was very nice.The staff in the Gold area where ever so polite and helpful. Nothing was a problem to them. They even charged my phone for me!Overall, a great stay at a hotel I have no problems in suggesting others to stay.	
May 13 2008 	Peaceful luxury havre in vibrant Dubai	I am a very frequent traveler and always stay at Royal Mirage when I go to Dubai.Never wrote a comment until now but decided to do so now as this hotel is just fantastic.The quality of the service you receive is above expectations and this really make your stay extraordinary.The hotel itself is located on Jumeirah beach, next to the famous Palm.The accomodation is of great size, well decorated, quiet and have all the facilities a heavy traveler like me needs.The broadband internet works well although I would have liked a WiFi connection.The various restaurants are very good. The beach Grill is one of my favourite as well as the rooftop bar at the Arabian Court to have a late drink under the stars.Pricewise, the hotel offer excellent value for money, although my Euro currency makes it even better these days.The Royal Mirage is not only a mirage and will stay there for sure next year.	
May 12 2008 	A Stylish Oasis	We have just returned from a 6 night stay at this hotel and loved it. From the moment we arrived, we were treated as if we were the only guests.We had a bit of a wait for our room as the hotel was very near to full capacity, but having said that, the resort never felt crowded.Our room was on the 4th floor overlooking the main area of the huge pool.This wasn't the quietest area, I would suggest requesting a room in the west wing ( nearest to the new Westin Hotel ) as these rooms are in a quiet location overlooking the gardens. Also we had a very small balcony, the ones on the lower floors looked as though they were bigger. The room itself was nice enough, a fair size with a walk in wardrobe and a lovely bathroom, including a separate shower.The room was kept absolutely spotless by our room attendant , whom we never ever managed to see! ( very unobtrusive, as were all of the staff )The pool and grounds were spacious and well shaded with palm trees.Plenty of comfortable sunbeds available at all times, most people didn't come down until late morning, very unusual. The beach area was just as comfortable.The white sand was immaculately clean and the ocean as warm as a bath.Yes there is a clear view of the Palm which is right in front of you, but this really didn't bother us, at night it is all lit up.There is a constant supply of complimentary iced water brought around throughout the day, as well as fruit kebabs in the afternoon, ice cool refreshing towels and even a sunglass cleaning service.These little touches make all the difference and what makes the service special.We ate in a few of the restaurants, both in the Palace and the Arabian Court. We had breakfast at Olives, which is a buffet selection.Just one tip, don't go down between 9.30 - 10.30am as it is packed due to late risers. We went around 8.00-8.30am and virtually had the place to ourselves, also more chance of getting an outside table. We loved the Beach Grill, great food although make sure you spray ( we ended up being dinner ourselves, for the sand flies!!! ) The Tagine (moroccan) had a great atmosphere and very authentic. At the Arabian Court, we went to the Eau Zone which has a lovely romantic setting overlooking the pool,serving great Asian food. Ninas served Indian fusion, again in a great setting, but food here didn't really work for us.We love spicey food but they tried too hard here and a lot of the spices were not cooked, so just tasted overpowering.Overall the restaurants were all first class,so we only ate out of the resort once.Overall we felt that this resort was stylish, tasteful with understated service and had a element of class about it. No more apparent than when comparing to the likes of &quot;Jumeira Beach&quot; or &quot;Burj Al Arab&quot; where we had afternoon tea, which is gawdy, glitzy and very &quot;Las Vegas&quot;!!! If you want an uncrowded, peaceful holiday with great service,I don't think you can go wrong with this hotel. Would we stay here again? Certainly, we would highly recommend it.	
May 1 2008 	the best hotel in the world?	Amazing service, i cannot praise this hotel and its staff highly enough.we had 4 days of our honeymoon here as a stopover on the way back from new zealand.We simply did not want to leave.as soon as we have sufficent funds we will return.	
Apr 21 2008	Out Of This World!	My husband booked our stay at the One and Only as my 40th Birthday treat. I was absolutely blown away by the grand entrance upon our arrival and was amazed to be GONGED into the entrance. The staff made us feel like royalty and could not do enough for us. Nothing was too much trouble. The room was excellent with sea view. The pool(s) were tropical and the beach was heaven. The restaurants were fabulous with lots of different foods to try. You did not need to venture outside of the hotel altough we did to experience Dubai life. My only niggle is that I wished I had booked a longer stay to lap up more of the luxury the hotel had to offer. I would definately go back to the One and Only and hope it wont be long before I do!	
Apr 10 2008 	First Class Hotel and Staff	This hotel is wonderful - the rooms, the retaurants, the pool, the staff are beautiful, you won't be disappointed. Yes the Palm is being completed in front of you, but it really doesn;t make any difference to the holiday. We will be going back again and I can't wait. I recommend upgrading or booking the Gold Club as you can use it throughout the day, and the pre-dinner cocktails is a real treat. The food at Celebrities Restaurant was as good as the Burj Al Arab ! Eauzone Restaurant is so romantic too. A really beautiful hotel. Book a Seaplane for an amazing flight over the Palm and the World (www.Seawings.co.uk). Holiday of a lifetime.	
Apr 8 2008 	Super hotel.	Arrived at the hotel at 9.00am. Very grand entrance of Golden camels. Lots of security. A gong was rang to announce us to the hotel. We were taken to the lounge &amp; given some arabic tea. I had emailed &amp; requested early acces to our room &amp; a ground floor room with a patio. I was quite astonished to find both wished granted.The room was spacious even with a extra bed for our daughter.Big bathroom nicely decorated (arabic) seperate shower &amp; toilet . Deep bath. All the shampoo/bath gel/moisture lotion &amp; other bits you needed. Very good mini bar selection. Quite pricey tho. The room was thoroughly cleaned once a day , then re-tided up later, bottels of water left every day. Then a turn down service in the evening too...and yes re-tided up again.Room service menu very good. We only tried the club sandwich which was nice.BREAKFAST- were ample. Egg dishes cooked to order. In very nice surroundings. Celebrities &amp; Olives Reatuarants. We found the selection at Olives better.POOL - huge with lots of shade. At 1 they bring cold towels rouns at 1.30 the clean your sunglasses and at 3.30 they bring fruit kebabs round.The beach was very clean with the same service. Only let down is the PALM they are building.FOOD- the Beach Grill was very good &amp; the Rotesseri at the Arabian court . You can eat at all three hotels, only problem that when it is full you have to book a day in advance. The Roof top arabian bar is lovely.They have a good childrens club with lots of activities, They open from about 1030am till 10.00pm. They take them for dinner at 6.45pm. Our daughter went once &amp; was very impressed.Cant fault the service &amp; friendliness of the staff. SPA - very good spa...however yet again you must book well in advance.	
Mar 16 2008	Misleading photo's in travel brochures and on internet sit.	Four years ago we stayed 3 weeks at the most beautiful hotel I have every stayedThe One and Only Royal Mirage at Dubai.We made this reservation especially for the photo in the brochure, because I had heart problems and needed a very quiet beach holiday.When we arrived I heard a lot of noise from the sea side, and in the dark I saw manylittle lights everywhere which I though was very strange because it was the sea in front of the hotel.Next morning I almost dropped backwards, because in front of the beautiful Royal Miragewas the very famous Palm, and the construction was almost ready for the second stage starting building houses and roads.This absolutely beautiful 5 star hotel is now not a beach resort anymore but just a small lake resort, because the beach view is completed disappeared, because the Palm is now a new city in front of the hotel.The service in this hotel is fantastic and the people did everything to make our holiday still successful, but the things which I came for, the beach and beach view are gone for good.If you like good service in a 1001 night surroundings this hotel is the best.Don’t make a reservation if you like a beach holiday, because the photo’s on many sites and brochures are from the past., the beach is just like lake resort nothing more.	
Mar 5 2008 	Luxurious Hotel and grounds	Stayed in The Palace for 4 nights as part of our honeymoon in early February and it was great ! The day after arriving we were up-graded to a suite which was huge and had use of the Gold Lounge (complimentary drinks/snacks) The pool area was fantastic, great food, great surroundings as The Palace is the furthest away from the building work at The Palm, althought most of Dubai is a building site ! All staff are extremley friendly and helpful and I would seriously consider returning to this Hotel again in the future.	
Feb 19 2008 	What a wonderful hotel in a great country	My wife aand I have just had 5 fantastic nights at the Palace at the one &amp; only. From when we arrived with the gong to annouce us to when we left the experience was beyond our expectations.The quality of the hotel, ammenities and especialy the staff make this a great experience worth that bit extra!During our stay we managed to visit the Tangine (morrocan) restraunt which is very euthentic (decor/music) and the food was fab (recommend shoulder of lamb for 2- should read 3 or 4!). We also booked the chefs table at the Eau Zone at the Arabian Court and had a lovely surprise when we found that it was just the 2 of us and the head chef cooking a stunning 6 course meal they way we wanted it right in front of us...sublime.As we were there for valentines we booked the Celebrities restaraunt and was confronted with an excellent 6 course meal with exquisit selected wines with each course! At lunch check out the Beach Grill - great fish and the seafood pasta is splendid.The Rooftop bar at the Arabian Court is stunning and a great place to chill after a meal - you have the stars as the backdrop to the views over the palm (which is still being built - but somehow this adds to the experience).The pool at the palace is the best of the 3 being the largest. The beach is large and there is plenty of room between the comfy sunbeds.We can recomment the Sundowner desert safari - great trip and the sundown over the dunes is amazing. Also the dinner cruise on the glass covered boat was very romantic and the food is again excellent.Negatives...price of a coke, but there are plenty of times to drink coke!We will be going back and we don't usually visit a hotel twice!	
Feb 17 2008 	Excellence!	We stayed at the Palace for 3 nights en route back from a dissapointing stay in the Maldives with Four Seasons.Overall our stay was excellent and a great contrast.The rooms were normal hotel 'delux' standard, facing the sea. We had been pre-warned about the ongoing building work on the Palm and this was not a great problem (If you want to avoid building work....stay away from Dubai until 2012!)The availability of sunbeds was good, as was the policy of removing towells from those left unoccupied for 2 hours.The 3 restaurants we used were the highlight of the stay: Olives served a good buffet, Celebrities was an excellent fine dining restaurant with some nice touches and good music, and finally the seafood at the outside Beach Grill was perfect.Managment was very visible in all locations.Overall, it was the attention to detail that makes the One &amp; Only Group such a memorable hotel group.	
Feb 11 2008	Close to road and construction	Just got back from the Royal Mirage, stayed in the arabian court rooms. Paid extra for sea view room, £500.00 per night big mistake as you are looking at the cranes from Palm Island. Booked this hotel on the reviews but nobody mentioned that this Hotel and Beach is next to the highway built for the Palm. The construction of Palm Island is infront of you on the beach so there is no sea view. When sitting on the beach you can either watch the cars on the highway or watch the contruction of the Palm which is very close. Loved the hotel but not a beach holiday. Sadly the Palm has ruined this location.	
Feb 10 2008 	amazing...... one of the best holidays ever!!!!	Returned friday 1st feb from a amazing holiday and stayed at this fantastic hotel. From the min we arrived to the second we departed the staff could not seem to do enough for us.We were celebrating our 10th wedding Anniversary and got upgraded to a ex suite which was brill our room consisted of hall, lounge and dinning room, four poster bed, huge bath and two separate toilets.Our room was located on the gold level which gave us automatic access to the gold lounge which has constant supplies of soft drinks and fruit as well as sandwiches and cakes at certain times of the day.when we were shown to our room we had a bouquet of flowers waiting,full size givenchy aftershave and perfume,huge bowl of fruit each day, fruit juices and discounts off spa treatments and every day we continued to receive extras.We had the night down services which meant they would get the room ready for bed laying slippers out ect.The resturants which all really good apart for a bad experience in eau zone( which was highly recommended) but the service was so slow and they did not have all that was on the menu and it was only 9pm.The beach grill and bar had amazing lobster and steak.Would highly recommend the Palace hotel and the staff,Thanks for a truly special holiday.	
Jan 31 2008 	Flawless service at the Palace	We flew to Dubai on Silverjet from Luton (fantastic VIP check-in process, very comfortable flight and great service) to Dubai and The Palace matched the service experienced on the flight. We were met at the hotel lobby and given Yemeni tea whilst check-in formalities were completed for us. Rooms are very comfortable and the complex (3 separate hotel areas) has a very high level of finish, a good choice of restaurants, lovely gardens and pools on the beach front and flawless service from all staff.	
Jan 2 2008	Excellent srvice at the Mirage	I had stayed at this hotel when it opened in 1999. At that time it was surrounded by sea and sand. Now there are developments all round but it has not lost its charm and quality. It is not cheap, but in this life, you get what you pay for. The Royal Mirage has a great location, good rooms, excellent food, and friendly, efficient service. My partner had not visited Dubai before. She loved it. I concur.	
Dec 3 2007 	Heaven....!	simple, i must have died and gone to heaven.Stunning, lavish, food to die for and pampered pampered pampered!not for you if you don't like luxury or pampering!cannot possibly fault this place. we tried it as my folks have been there 5 times so we decided to give it a go. we were not expecting what we got.......	
Nov 21 2007 	Pure luxury with service to match	Just returned from three nights at the Royal Mirage Palace. Although we were told that the hotel was 95% full you would never have guessed. Perhaps it's the size of the place but nothing ever seemed busy....there were always spare tables in the dining rooms &amp; sunbeds by the pool. We had evenings out for dinner at the Jumeirah Beach, Mina A Salam &amp; the Burj &amp; it convinced us that we had picked the right hotel. None of them can compare to the Royal Mirage for style and service. There seemed to be staff everywhere. If you ever take a wrong turn down one of the corridors there always seemed to be a friendly member of staff there to help you find the right way. I would recommend the following:1. The pool - large &amp; beautiful. The staff will bring you cold towels &amp; water, drinks from the bar etc.2. The Beach Bar &amp; Grill - right on the beach. Sit outside to get the cool breeze off the sea. Delightful! We went two days in a row. On the second day I was asked if I wanted my &quot;usual table&quot;. I thought that was pretty classy.3. Eat in the hotel restaurants - they are very stylish (especially compared to the Burj) &amp; resonably priced. Dinner at the Burj cost £150 per head including £20 each for a glass of Sancerre!4. Go to the Mall of the Emirates - the biggest &amp; best shopping mall I've ever seen. WonderfulIf you want calm, stylish luxury with friendly service - go for the Palace at the Royal Mirage. You won't be disappointed.	
Nov 2 2007 	Fantastic hotel	We stayed 7 nights The Palace,celebrating our wedding anniversary.The hotel was fantastic......nothing was too much trouble for any of the staff and we didn't have any trouble with taxis,we asked and one was there straight away.The pool is great as was the beach and although there is construction in view it didn't detract from the experience.The Rooftop Terrace at the Arabian Courtard was so nice in the evening but get up there early to get a seat with the big,soft cushions.The Beach restaurant at the Palace is lovely in the evening with a realy nice atmosphere.One point is to remember don't go to the Mall of the Emriates when Ramadam ends.......i have never seen so many people in one place at one time......so busy and hot we had to leave.....and this was at 10pm!!!	
Oct 29 2007 	Fabulous time	We have just returned from a week at The Palace. This is our 2nd visit this year staying previously at the The Arabian Court. We stayed in a Gold Club room which offered 'extras'. The main of this being the Concierge service. We found this very helpful and nothing was to much trouble. This week was half term and it was extremely busy everywhere. I would ensure that you book restaurants in advance to have the best choice, which, to be fair, were were advised on our arrival. We did not have a problem with Taxis at the hotel as the previous review had written, maybe we were just lucky! The hotel was hosting Dubai International Fashion week which of course did not probably help the situation for some guests should they choose the wrong moment. We did however have problems returning from the Madinat Souk, where there were large queues for Taxis. The traffic situation in Dubai does appear to be worsening and I would suggest that if you are easily stressed by this type of thing then stay in the hotel! However all together I would recommend this hotel and we will certainly be returning in the future. Thank you Royal Mirage for another wonderful week!	
Oct 27 2007	Royal Mirage shortcomings	Being a frequent visitor to Dubai over the last five years and previously having stayed at the Jumeirah Beach, Mina al Salam we thought a change was in order and tried the Royal Mirage! If you don't want food served on the beach or around the pool, and you don't mind looking at the detail of the building work of the Palm at very close quarters, walking on concrete in the sea and a nightmare situation with taxis (will explain more) then this is the hotel for you! Although beautiful, hotels are plentiful and I would not choose this one again. There was an absence of taxis every evening at the hotel, 20 people waiting for transport at any one time only to discover that the empty taxis were waiting in car park at the bottom of the hil not being allowed in, only taxis with customers returning were permitted. The failing infrastructure was blamed but I simply didn't believe it, we saw a dozen outside the Mina waiting for business at 7.30 p.m. at night., management were advised and still the same situation occurred the next evening. Dubai is a fantastic place without a doubt but is now has a feeling of overcrowding, building work and is losing it's feeling of being in paradise which was evident only a few years ago. In short I think the Royal Mirage has got complacent with their customers.	
Sep 27 2007	Really enjoyable stay	My husband and I have just returned from 6 nights at the One &amp; Only Royal Mirage (the Palace) hotel. We had an absolutely fantastic time from start to finish. The staff were really friendly and very very helpful.Our flight arrived at 7.30am which meant we checked into the hotel at about 9am and considering you aren't meant to check in until 2.30pm, our room was ready. So we were able to unpack and settle in straight away. We had a constant supply of water and cold towels supplied to us during the day around the swimming pool, which was very much needed.All in all a really enjoyable stay and would definately recommend this hotel. We have stayed at two other hotels during our previous visits to Dubai (Le Meridien and the Royal Meridien) and whilst the other hotels were very good, the Royal Mirage exceeded expectations.	
Sep 25 2007 	Class Comfort Luxury	We stayed here with our teenager and had booked two deluxe rooms. We were very pleasantly greeted and for checkin we were seated in comfortable couches and offered tea and sweets. The rooms were very nice with a communicating door and balconys overlooking the garden. The rooms are spacious (52m2) with a dressing area, a big luxury bathroom and they are very nicely furnished. We loved this hotel. The pool is amazing, the staff super (distribution of cool towels, fresh fruit and sunglass cleaning provides that special touch of the One&amp;Only resorts. The restaurants are all very good at the Palace. We had friends staying at the Arabian Court so we went over to try 1. the pool (although in our view it was not as nice, green and spaceous as the Palace), 2. the rooftop bar in the evening (fantastic) and 3. the pool restaurant Eauzone - delicious food. The rooms at the Arabian Court are also fantastic, the decoration is more oriental style compared to the Palace's more traditional classical deco.We will be back for sure.	
Sep 24 2007 	A real Palace	My husband and i have just stayed at the Palace for a 6 night stay.We flew with Emirates,don't think i could fly with another airline after that. Truly it didn't feel like we'd been on a plane for 7 hours.From the moment we boarded the plane to the day we landed back at Gatwick,everything was 1st class.The hotel was everything i had read about and more in the trip advisor reviews.We were given an unexpected upgrade to the Gold Lounge !!! The staff were on hand 24/7.We were made to feel special and they were so attentive nothing was too much trouble.The room was beautiful with fresh flowers and fruit .The gold lounge offered 24hr complimentry tea coffee and soft drinks. Afternoon Tea and pre dinner cocktails.The pool and beach attendents were there to ensure your day in the sun at 40degrees plus was a bearable experience. On hand with iced water fruit skewers and cold towels.Make your dinner reservation in the morning to dine in one of the resturants. You will be spoilt for choice believe me.We had great fun on the Dessert Safari a must!! My favourite night out had to be cocktails at the Burj Al Arab expensive but worth every penny.Although given the choice i would prefere a stay at The Palace.So if your looking for that holiday with that little bit of extra ,this has to be the place.I really hope anyone who visits will have the same memorable time we did. Can't wait for the ok to book again.Please remember September is still very hot!!!!!!!!	
Sep 22 2007	Fantastic time	This was our second stay at the hotel and it didn't disappoint. We had been spending a couple of days with friends in Duabi and just wanted to spend some time in luxury. The rooms are so quiet and well-equipped we did not really want to leave - the bed was so crisp and comfortable we did not want to get up the next morning! Food was excellent too and we took a memorable trip in the hotel bus to the Arabian Court Rooftop bar where for what was a small drinks bill we felt as if were in heaven looking up at the sky and out over the Palm project. When you think of the prices that you pay in Europe and London, this cannot be beaten for value and the service is the best we have had.	
Sep 19 2007 	Fantastic	I arrived back from Dubai yesterday and felt that I had to make my views known. I have been to Dubai three times now and by far this has been the best hotel. As a manager of a Travel Agent I have become very critical over hotel standards and service. I must admit I was a bit dubious about taking my three year old grandaughter. However the staff could not do enough for her. By the second day the restaurant staff were all calling her by her name and I must say that the staff make this hotel. Breakfast is best in Olives as there is a lot more choice here and more of a relaxed atmosphere. Housekeeping was a little to be desired but did not have a massive impact on my view of the hotel. My only critical view of this hotel is that there are no tea and coffee making facilities and as dinner is not served until 7.30 this would be a excellent touch. I have no doubt that I shall be recommending this hotel to many clients	
Sep 18 2007 	Well what can we say its fab!	We stayed at the Palace with some friends for our silver wedding anniversary, the whole holiday was one fantastic experience, we were treated a special guests (as was everyone) nothing was too much trouble, the whole hotel, pool, restaurants, beach was fantastic and would recommend this hotel to everyone. We are going again in 2008 and taking the family.... just pure luxury and well deserved vacation for everyone	
Sep 14 2007 	Love this place	We have stayed here twice now and we wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. You are made to feel like royalty from check in till departure. Nothing was ever too much bother and staff were so friendly. We would like to mention Pio @ the belldesk who always greeted us with a warm smile and was always helpful.Our room was large and overlooked the sea. Room cleanliness was never a problem. On one occasion we found all our toiletries had been tidily placed in height order. FAB! We went to Dubai for my birthday and had room service which arrived quickly and the food was delicious. My husband casually mentioned it was my birthday and 5 mins later a birthday cake arrived. MMMM.We had breakfast and dinner at Olives which was great. Always plenty of choice and sometimes it was difficult to decide what to have! Must mention Stefan the maitre'd at Olives. Always charming and polite and willing to stop by for a chat.Pool area was great. Loved the fact that you don't have to get your own towels or even 'deckchair' that was all taken care of for you. Drinks and cold fruit were regulary brought round to you and if your lucky you can get your shades cleaned for you!Dubai itself is great. Air con is everywhere, taxis are cheap and plentiful and everywhere is so clean. Not a trace of litter anywhere to be found. Although I walked around in usual tourist gear of shorts and t-shirt I was nervous of upsetting locals but they took it all in without any obvious upset and felt safe at all times.Can't wait to go back to Dubai and the Palace.	
Sep 9 2007 	Fantastic destination!!	My wife and I stayed at the palace for a week during 25 aug - 2 sep 07 to celebrate our 2nd anniversary and had one of the most enjoyable holidays ever. Everything was perfect from our arrival to our departure. The finishes in this hotel are flawless the staff bend over backwards to help you.(especially Joseph at the concierge desk) I highly recommend the Celebrities restaurant for fine dining dinner and also Nina restaurant if you enjoy indian food. They have a nightclub called Kasbar for which you can make a reservation in the VIP area for that extra special treatment although you may casually walk in for drinks and dancing in the non VIP area. Locals and other tourists not staying at the hotel queue and pay an entrance fee.My wife enjoyed a massage at the spa which she recommendsWe had dinner at the Dining room restaurant at the residence and spa which i wouldn't recommend it as there is no atmosphereThe beach grill is also great if you enjoy sea foodWe dined at two restaurants at other hotels during our stay the first was Verre which is owned by Gordon Ramsey and is at The Hilton Creek. My wife and i both enjoyed a delicious meal for our anniversary there and is a must to visit. The second was Pier Chic at The Al qasr hotel which i would not recomend for non sea food eaters as that is the only thing on the menu. My wife was sold a fish dish which &quot;doesn't taste fishy&quot; she said it was ok.I didn't enjoy my dish either, however we probably made wrong choices on the menu.The sea was the warmest i have ever stepped into 35-40 degrees celcius, however the air tempreture was 45-50 The air con is excellent everywhere you go rooms, restaurants, taxis etcThere is construction work taking place however it did not disturb any part of our stay.Truly a five star hotel, city, country!dont read any more reviews - you wont regret it!	
Aug 31 2007 	Beautiful hotel with excellent service	Just came back from Dubai a couple of days ago and truely wish I was still there. This was my first visit to Dubai and I can say it has been one of the best holidays I have ever been on, a very big part of that was the royal mirage hotel. We stayed in the Palace and the service we recieved was excellent. Nothing was over looked by the staff who were always there to help you and guide you. We were only supposed to stay for 1 week but had such a wonderful time that we extended our holiday for another week. I would highly recommened the one &amp; only royal mirage as one of the best, or the best hotel in Dubai. We could find no faults with anything and loved it so much that we are going back again in Jan 08. If you want a holiday to remember then this is the hotel for you!	
Aug 27 2007 	Service with an attitude	The hotel is split into 3 parts : the Palace (kind of glitzy, smaller rooms and small bathtubs), the Arabian Court (prettier and larger rooms, but bathtubs small) and the very snobby Residence (prettiest with big bathtubs). It's very pretty at night and the facilities are top notch.The biggest problem with the place is the attitude of some of the staff. Service getting drink in restaurants is HORRIBLY slow (I waited 35 mins and asked 4 times for a glass of water). There are more rules about where one can and can't go, with whom and how to act than in kindergarden. OK to smoke up common areas and say nasty things in French about other clients (as if we don't understand), but try to bring in a few friends for a drink to you room. Go to the Burj. They have a &quot;can do&quot; attitude and are much nicer to their clients.	
Aug 24 2007 	One of my favourite hotels in an amazing place	I would recommend this hotel to everyone. I have stayed here the last 3 times i have visited dubai i previously stayed else where. It is beautiful, the pool is amazing, you could be anywhere in the world. Rooms are great, foods fantastic, service lovely. 3 parts to this hotel so you can eat in all which is a bonus. Night club is great and the roof terrace is amazing for chilled out drinks at the arabian court part of the hotel. Idea for everyone, couples, familes, young people. The only downside i have was the last time i went was over christmas and the weather was terrible. It was too cold to wear a bikini which i was very upset over!!	
Aug 19 2007	Wonderful despite my fears	This was very much a spontaneous break (4 days before departure date!) for our family of four and I spent hours and hours on the internet trying to find accommodation in Dubai but everything was 'on request' and we just didn't have time to provisionally book on this basis. I phoned Dubai hotels direct in desperation but all my favourite choices were fully booked. I eventually spoke to an agent who said they had guaranteed rooms at The Palace. This is why I was worried, what was wrong with this hotel that it had vacancies whereas others didn't?I was also keen to fly with Virgin Atlantic but the only option available was Air Emirates. I am so glad this was the case as they were superb, plenty of legroom, excellent food and great choice of films that you could stop and start on a whim. I even received a free Daily Mail and Hello magazine in the boarding lounge which was a treat as I am an avid reader.My fears about the Palace were totally unfounded as it was beautiful and our rooms were spacious and the bathrooms luxurious and believe me we are very critical. I don't think we were lucky enough to have the cleaner with OCD as per previous posters, unfortunately housekeeping was my only complaint. The flowers in our room on day one were looking worse for wear and were totally dead by the time we left 5 days later. The room was only given a basic tidy and our possessions were left untouched. Also, they came so late in the day that if you retired to your room at 4pm to escape the heat, they were often still in there.Olives was lovely for breakfast, lunch and dinner. We ate at Nina one evening but I did not think it was that special. The Beach Bar aand Grill was excellent and furthermore had the half board menu. We too had a free upgrade to half board. In our limited time there we visited the Gold Souk, Madinat Jumeirah Souk (my 1st choice of hotel if it had been available) and the Emirates Mall. Our best trip was the Sundowner where you venture across desert dunes in a 4x4, stop at a camel farm, stop for a sunset photo opportunity and then arrive at &quot;camp&quot; where you can have a brief camel ride and then you are served with a BBQ, plenty of drink and watch a bellydancing show. It was expensive but worth it.My only disappointment was Wild Wadi Water Park which is overrated and overpriced. If you have visited a Disney Water Park then you would understand why. It cost over £150 for the 4 of us, the main family ride was closed and there really was not an awful lot to do there. We struggled to fill half a day.We were warned about how hot it would be over there but you really have no concept until you arrive. On day 1 we walked from one end of our resort to the other and my 13 year old daughter passed out cold and then came round vomiting. This can be avoided though as there is a complimentary air conditioned shuttle to transport you around the resort. The evening we ventured into the desert, it was 50 degrees at 7pm. The locals were telling uus late September to March is the best time to go.We did not venture to the most upmarket section The Residence as I was worried I would feel it was nicer than the Palace and that we should have stayed there. The Arabian Court section is very nice as it is newer than the Palace and I would probably book in there if we return.Everyone raves about the Jumeirah Beach but the Palace is located in a much quieter area of the main 'New Dubai' strip so we would stay loyal to the Royal Mirage.As mentioned by a previous poster they are very keen to offer you Evian Water at dinner in copious amounts which is all very well until you discover it is about £4-5 per bottle. My husband usually doesn't worry about such things but even he was requesting local water by the last day.I was particularly worried about what to wear over there as you are warned to cover up but I saw tourists in downtown Dubai with strappy tops and shorts and there was no problem. The hotel had a post 6pm dress code requesting long trousers and shirts for the men but many visitors ignored this and were not ejected from the restaurants!Please don't hesitate to go here, the staff are wonderful particularly the concierge. Our 5 day stay was long enough to take in the local main attractions but was not long enough to enjoy all the facilities the hotel had to offer so stay longer if you can.	
Aug 12 2007 	The best we've stayed at by far	Back this week, and already planning our 7th trip out there for next year!We took out the Emirates EK38 from Birmingham/with an EK37 return. Both faultless, and having taken this flight pattern a few times, I can thoroughly recommend it.10 days booked at The Palace at the One and Only Royal Mirage were waiting…From the moment you enter with your gong arrival, you have the feeling this place is special. We were shown promptly to our room at 9am, which was a bonus, as check in was later in the day. We had a ground floor room which was great for access to the pool through the patio doors. Ask for the keys.The resort was not busy at all. There was much more greenery here than the other hotels I’ve been to, well designed and has that authentic Dubai feel. We had a free half board upgrade, which either allowed a la carte dining or 120AED per person credit on the house menu. ALL the restaurants were excellent, and we tried The Beach Bar Grill, Tangines and Olives at the Palace and Ninas, The Rotisserie and Eau Zone at the Arabian Court. Breakfast was at Olives, but it’s worth knowing they can do a room delivery service until 12 with a 45 AED surcharge (per room).The pool was BIG, and is spread over a large area, encompassing large shaded areas, with numerous palms. The kids loved it, staff were so friendly, and the cleaner had a serious case of OCD, even rearranging my wife’s make up pots in ascending order. (A previous poster must have had the same cleaner!) The ongoing work at the Palm does not affect your time here. It’s worth taking a speed boat ride (Half Hour 275AED) in to the Marina. The kids club was fine, and Fatima came seeking my 2 children at breakfast on the 1st day. Local malls: Ibn Battuta 15 AED ride and The Mall of the Emirates was 20 AED away. Presently its quicker access to the Ibn Battuta, but a useful tip is if you go to the Mall of the Emirates ask the taxi driver to drop you off at the Kempinski entrance and get in via the secondary entrance. There’s a lot of congestion, and taxi queues for dropping off are quite long due to some road works. The Toll near the Mall of the Emirates kicked in last month which can add 4 dirhams to your journey along Sheikh Zayed Road. Bur Dubai: Meena Bazaar/Al Karama (50 AED) is a good half hour away, as usual avoid rush hour times.Overall, by far the best hotel we’ve stayed at. Visited the Burj…a bit too OTT for my liking	
Jul 31 2007 	Fantastic	I wanted to take my wife away as a surprise for her 40th birthday and a work friend suggested Dubai and Airline network.com. Made contact with the rep at airline network who gave great advice and recommended Palace at the One and Only Royal Mirage.Having booked, then checked the TripAdvisor site, really smart, I know! Got a slight fright when I read some of the reviews but all I can say is having booked for five days we stayed seven.This is the best hotel I've stayed in, and I've been in a few. The staff are extremely attentive and I'm almost sure the young man who made up the room twice a day had the worse case of Obsessive compulsive disorder I've ever come across!! He even put the toiletries in descending order of height.Good pool, great food, superb facilities, fabulous weather, yes it's hot but not unbearably so.I agree with the comments on alcohol, beer is about £4 but the average bottle of wine in the hotel restaurant is between £20-£30, buy it in the duty free when you arrive.A taxi from the airport to the hotel is about £12, cheaper than a transfer booked by your agent.The break was so good that my brownie points account is almost back in the black!! The plans are currently being made for next years trip.If your travelling from N.Ireland check the direct Aer Lingus flights it should save you some money, cheapest 169 euros single!	
Jul 29 2007 	Good value and location	Stayed at this property for 2 weeks on business trip. For comfort and business environment this property is highly recommended. Nice pool which is cooled down as the temps were around 120 degrees Farenheit. Hotel has high speed internet. They wanted $1/minute. I told them I was checking out ( ;-) ) and renegotiated the rate to about $30 U.S./night. Dining is good. Take the buffet but we ate out most of time. This is my 4th trip to the region. Stayed at the Renaissance, Deira 2X which has excellent value for the buck and Grosvenor House which is comfortable but glitsy and in my opinion over rated. The Royal Mirage is convenient and the staff is highly attentive to guests needs and requirements. Overall I recommend this hotel. The sister property, Residence next door is a bit quieter with understated elegance. Staying there next trip. Bring cool clothes during summer months as it is hot.	
Jul 25 2007	Very Special Royal Mirage	Last year we stayed at the Jumeirah Beach at the same time, and whilst we had a great time there, we definitely preferred our stay at the Royal Mirage, we were in the Palace but regularly used the facilities and restaurants of the Arabian court too.We prefered the pool at the Palace. Despite there not being a huge presence of Germans you still have to get up early to secure the poolside loungers. Other reviews have sung all the hotels praises with which I wholeheartedly concur. We also particularly enjoyed the breakfasts at the hotel, there was none of the normal buffet scrum for food, waiters were happy to bring a virgin mary to your table mixed already for you and it was a spacious and relaxed affair.Sailing was not cheap at £20.00 an hour for a hobie cat. Due to the construction of the Palm opposite, which you cannot hear but can actually clearly see, and the Marina to the left, the water is much calmer than at the Jumeirah Beach, no waves as such. So you have a natural large safe harbour area in which to sail.In room broadband was around £15.00 a day, whereas other local hotels charge around half that. The room connection is apparently very slow too. Luckily the business centre allows you 5 free minutes whenever you like, but after they know you will let that extend to accomodate you. Their broadband connection is mucher quiker too.You never run out of towels in your room or water, the gyms are small but well equipped and the gym staff very eager to offer advice, stretch you out after a run or workout and ply you with cold free water and fruit.All restaurant and bar bills already have tax and service included and you do not feel pressured or beholden to tip on top. We did however leave a tip for our room attendant.Taxis are very frequent and easy to come by, and it is definitely worth paying the two Salik charges, which saves an awful lot of time from the airport and only increases the bill by just over a pound.I made one journey to the airport in less than 20 minutes.There is a 7/11 store but its a very humid 10 minute walk away.Buy your alcohol at the Airport Duty Free on arrival which is very cheap because drinking profusely at the Hotel will cost you bigtime. The Thai coconut milk soup at the Ozone was both spicy sublime.Lastly in the restaurants they push water on you at £4.00 a bottle.. ask them for the local water its half the price and its what you have been drinking for free in your room and around the pool, and be aware they tend to try to top you up with new bottles which you may not have asked for.Would definitely stay there again.	
Jul 20 2007 	Excellent Superb Time	a great resort, we stayed for 5 nights 11-16 July...yes very hot...unbearable ....NO.....nice cool pool and a breeze.food of a good standard...we were HB and used the buffets in Olives &amp; The Rotisierre.Only small gripe would be the cost of beers...35 dirhams for a pint of heineken..........£4.70....but comes with the terriory.the boys around the pool come round constantly a fill up your glass with free drinking water which was a nice touch, coupled with cold towels and fruit sckewers.i felt that lunch options at Esplanade were a bit restrcitive but found out on the second to last day they will get additional food in from Olives...like Bolognaise, Carbonara, Burgers etc etc.....a couple of days we sought refuge from the heat and ate in the Beach Bar &amp; grill......a bit more varety and very good.all in all would defo return to O&amp;O.......	
Jul 18 2007	Don't go there!!!	We visited this hotel, between 10-13 of July (3 nights).I haven't ever visited such a bad service and behaviour hotel ever.I can't still believe it how this happented to us.Just read and you will understand.....1) We had made a request for having a sea view room.We were told that all the rooms are sea view. When we went to the room, we noticed that the room was actually sea view....but between our room and the sea, we had to bear the existence of two huge palms in front of our balcony....!!!!We couldn't see absolutely anything!!!2) Ants. We noticed that beside our room on one of the bed tables, we had to sleep accompannied by them. Can you imagine that? Just think what happens if you want to leave some pills on the bed table.....3) When we came we asked for a doctor to visit us because I was feeling dizzy. After a few minutes, a nurse came in our room, checked my pressure which was normal, and I was told that I have nothing!But if I wanted a doctor to visit me (what I had already asked for) I had to pay 150 dirhams (30 euros). Despite I did not like this very much, I said that the amount was very low, so I told him that I would like the doctor to visit me. After 30 minutes, I felt totally sick, as I was told that the charge for the doctor was 1300 dirhams (260 euros)!!!!WOW!!! When I asked why, they told me that the hotel had to call the doctor just for me! I just thought that the doctor was employed by the hotel....And the best of all....After 2 days of feeling sick (actually I had caught a sunstroke from Maldives, that's why I was feeling dizzy - but the doctor told me that I was like this because of the flight - hahaha!!), while I was trying to take an evening nap in order to feel a bit better, someone knocked the door, and my wife opened it.There were 4 persons who wanted to fix the carpet!!!At 3p.m.!! They started working during my nap having no care of anything!! They started hitting a tool like a balloon by their knees, and using a spatula. I thought that someone was trying to knock down the building, as I was harsely woke up! I was trying to explaing them that they had to get out because I was feeling sick, and they were telling me that they will have finished in two minutes! Check this out. I asked them to leave at least 5 times, until I forced them to get out by screaming very loudly!I complained to the local travel agent who had arranged the reservation for that horrible hotel, and he called the hotel.Let's go to the best chapter...When we went to the reception in the evening I felt like apologizing to the receptionist, who told us that we had to put outside of our door the &quot;do not disturb&quot; thing, for not being bothered by the room service...This, really pissed me off very much.....I explained them that we weren't talking about a room service, but for a carpet fix service.Actually, couldn't anyone arrange the carpet fix in the next morning as we would have caught our morning flight?Just try to imagine that when we reserved the room. we had told to our travel agent, to note on the voucher, the magic word: HONEYMOONERS.Let me guess: All of these were something like our wedding gift or so??Thank you Palace Royal Mirage!	
Jul 18 2007 	Excellent exactly as imagined	I really can't fault this hotel, was exactly as we had imagined. We arrived at 10am and our room was ready for us. The room, a Gold Room, was large and clean with everything that we could need. The staff were very pleasant and attentive, the service was excellent and the facilities good too. Celebrities was shut for evening meals, but there were plenty of other options and you could easily stay within the complex if you wanted to.It did get busier during the week but staff by the pool laid on extra loungers and extra tables at lunch.I would recommend this hotel and would definately be happy to go back.	
Jul 17 2007	fantastic hotel	Have just returned from the Palace and I have to say it is a fantastic hotel, had read previous to going that staff could do with cheering up a little, nothing could be further from the truth, I have never met nicer staff in any hotel I have stayed in, the only criticism I would have would be the drinks charges,but don't let this stop you, I would recommend this hotel to anyone and am already sorting my next visit to the royal mirage, Paul, Liverpool.	
Jul 13 2007 	Can't Cope	We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Palace, the hotel was nice but due to all the cheap deals is full and the staff can't cope with the additional guests. We arrived at 8am on the friday morning but had to wait until 8pm for our room without any real explanation. Having upgraded to club room before we left the UK we had be guaranteed an early check in or so we thought, the manager of the gold club had no idea what he was doing! Beware of leaving your sun lounger for more than a few mins or the pool staff will remove your things and give the lounger to other guests this happended to us when we had gone into have lunch and came back to find other guests lay there and our things moved we were not the only ones this happened to. Although the hotel is meant to be five star the service is 2 star having been to Dubai twice before we expected great service but only saw the odd glimpse. I would not go back to this hotel or recommend it to friends instead I would go back to the Le Royal Merdian Beach a little furher down.	
Jul 10 2007 	Excellent in every way	What a wonderful holiday. We have stayed at Dubai before and loved it but this was the fist time at the Palace and we were over the moon with everything.The free upgrade to half board was brilliant. All the food was excellent and so many different restaurants to try on the hotel meant you didn't have to go out at all if you didn't want to and even the room service was included which was excellent.Our two young children loved it and the staff made a real fuss of them both, everyone remembering their names and they bent over backwards to do anything they could. Our four year old loved the kids only club and we used the babysitting service one night which was great as well.The staff, especially the volleyball guys, pool attendants and lifeguards were there to keep an eye on the children and bring cold water, flannels, fruit etc and to just be friendly and they let us use a gazebo by the pool even though we didn't have a suite.The weather was beautiful and the children coped very well with the heat.The rooms were lovely and I can't fault anything. We will definately be returning.	
Jul 4 2007	Absolutly Fantastic justcan't fault it	Just come back from 2 weeks at the palace and what can we say but fantastic. Super room, grand food in all the resteraunts we tried, a great atmosphere and lovely weather, don't believe the &quot;its to hot in dubai in the summer&quot; lot, as the breeze and ammount of shade plus the pool/beachside service make is comfortable an pleasent.Yes they do come round constantly with water, cold flannels, fruit and clean your sunglasses but also the touches like the complimentary Gulf News each day, turndown service and you can use all the facilities in the sister hotels in the resort. The entertainment and watersport staff were great volleyball in the pool each morning was particularly enjoyable and well recieved by the vast majority of guests.A fact they don't advertise but do is with the half board you get 120 dirhams against the cost of food if you go a la carte but you can also use it for room service. Great after a trip out or lond day whrn you don't feel like getting dressed up.Ps we went to the arabian court to eat and nina's in particular was very good but that whole end seemed to be alot less relaxed than the palace.	
Jun 30 2007 	Beware!	We picked the One &amp; Only Arabian Court for a luxurious short break in June 2007. Overall a pretty good hotel with excellent first class restaurants and the waiters were fanatstic. The service in the hotel was perfectly OK but perhaps not quite up to 5 star standard we had expected.But, future guests should note: the comfortable gazebos around the pool are reserved for guests in the suites only - if you are in a standard room they will not allow you to use them. At a guess I would say the hotel was less then 50% full and only one or two of the numerous gazebos were ever in use. They refused to let us use a spare one - so we were condemmed to roast on a sunbed under a flimsy umberalla. We tried to pay extra to upgrade to a suite but it was made so diffucult as we had booked through a travel agent (they wouldn't accept any amount of extra money ???) we gave up after a very long discussion.We booked spa treatments at The Residence but cancelled them when my husband was told he could not sit by the 3/4's empty pool while I finished my slightly longer (20 mins) appointment.Would we go back again or recommend it to friends?Not unless they change thier &quot;Rules is Rules&quot; policy or at the very least warn you of the retsrictions when booking - being made to feel 2nd class is not good PR!	
Jun 18 2007 	One of the Best	Second time in Dubai, first time at the Palace. I found myself comparing it to the Ritz Carlton, which is where I stayed on my first trip and the comaprison was very close.A superb hotel, with lavish decor, friendly staff, clean rooms etc etc, everything you would expect from a 5 star hotel. Going half board was a good idea as you were allowed to use the restaurants at the other 2 &quot;sister&quot; hotels. Even though you had to order from the half board menu, which is simply a cut down version of the full a la carte menu the choices were very good.Front desk staff need to cheer up a little!Will go back without hesitation.	
May 31 2007 	simply the best	I have stayed at the palace many times and consider this the best hotel I have stayed at anywhere in the world , everything is understated but of the highest standard . The restaurants are superb and the staff are friendly and switched on , no question or problem is too hard or too small and is dealt with immediately . If you want to spoil yourself this is the place .	
May 28 2007 	Palace or not Palace...	Dubaï is a city where I often go for business. This time my family and I decided to stay somewhere else (near the beach).I stayed at Royal Mirage: the Palace. Service at front desk was terrible! You expect a real &quot;Palace&quot; service and what you get is a someone trying to not solve your room allocation problem. A pitty in place where you don't imagine beeing in contact with such situations. I got a very rude contact.Nevertheless, it is a very nice hotel, rooms are nice, just don't take the rooms on the garden view or on the 1st floor. I still do believe in such type of hotels, the staff should be according to the hotel level, it was definitely not!My stay in Dubaï started 4 days at Sofitel city centre (where I have no remarks : excellent service!) and we decided to finish our stay atRoyal Mirage to leave Dubaï with a lovely souvenir. Don't forget to fill up your complain card when you leave the hotel...If you want to go to Dubaï for shopping, visiting the town and move, don't stay at Royal Mirage. Location, a bit far from city centre and the malls. So keep in mind to rent a car.I had dinner at the beach bar, was very good. the restaurant: Eau Zone, nicely decorated. Nevertheless, I have some remarks for the food. I'm used to eat in good restaurants, and I think the taste needs to be corrected. it's like the chef has seen how to put your food in the plate in a very nice French type cuisine, but forgot the spices and the flavour. I went also to the cocktail bar just near theentrance where the hotel owns also a disco. When we ordered cocktails, we got it in simple glass, I was thinking at the moment when I got my so called fresh cocktail, actually it was looking like a drink coming out from a bottle. (Never fool a bar addict with this kind of drinks )I'm still sorry to say, I won't go there again, unless the service ischanged. I paid +- 400€ / night and service /price is not worth. We had 3 rooms.	
May 22 2007 	A Wonderful Week!	Have just returned from a week at The Palace. We have eaten here before but this was our first stay. A great amount of thought and trouble is taken to make you feel special. The rooms are excellent and the staff wonderful. The grounds and beach are all you hope for. There is building work on nearby sites but these had no effect on our enjoyment. Truly 5 Star!	
May 13 2007 	Luxurious retreat!	An Amex travel rep recommended the Royal Mirage and we're glad to have taken his advice. The hotel turned out to be more luxurious than we expected especially since our major concern was spending quite a bit but being in the midst of all the construction. We can now say that although there are building works all over Dubai, it was not really visible by the poolside where we spent most of our time. While you can see it from the beach, it is far away enough to not be a distraction. We never had any problems finding a place to lounge by the pool despite there being quite a few guests - whether we got up early or not. In fact, the hotel never seemed crowded and the service was consistent throughout our stay.The staff took care of us on our arrival since our room was not ready: we were able to shower and freshen up in the fitness centre, received breakfast vouchers and then dozed off by the pool while we waited. All in all, a very special and luxurious treat - especially for us who rarely stay in 5-star hotels. Worth a splurge!	
May 2 2007 	absolutely fantastic top notch place to visit	We got back from the Palace this morning. It was even more fantastic than we had thought it would be. It is absolutely stunning and we had a week or pure luxury. The hotel was very clean and very grand. Our bedroom was large, clean and stylish. The maids clean your room during the day and then in the evening they come in again when you are having dinner and turn down the bed covers for you, put hotel slippers by your bed and restock water, towels and toiletries. The attention to detail is fantastic. By the pool the guys come round with cold flannels to cool you, cool water, fresh fruit and they clean your sunglasses. They provide you with beach towels and find a spot for you either on the beach, by the pool or on the lawn with or without shade, whatever you want. There are gazibos and large umbrellas around the pool and on the beach so you have shade. The hotel restuarants are top quality. We loved the beach bar restuarant. The pool bar is good for lunch. We had some meals at the hotel and some out. We really enjoyed visiting the Grosvenor House hotel, which is very close by. You can visit the bar on the 44th floor and see Dubai from above including the palm. We went to a lovely restuarant just in front of the Jumeria beach which has a 360% view of the sea, the burj and the coast. You get to it by going to the Jumeria then they take you in a buggy along a little pier to the restuarant which is just in the sea, between the Jumeria and the Burj. They have a roof top bar there as well so if you just want a drink you can do that. You get a great view of the Burj. We also went over the Creek to the Hyatt Regency hotel where there is a revolving restuarant on the top floor. Again this was brilliant as you could see fantastic views of Dubai, well worth a visit. It was a buffet there, good value for money and lots of lovely, good quality food to choose from.We were totally impressed with our stay and would recommend it to anyone who wants to have a luxurious break. I haven't emailed my pictures yet as I only arrived back in the UK a few hours ago. I will try and add them soon. They are fantastic. I really can't fault this place, and I think I can be quite fussy so that says a lot. Please email me if there is anything specific I can help you with.	
Apr 12 2007	Going back	We cannot wait to go back here. The staff are mega friendly and look after you so well. The choice of restaurants is excellent.I would recommend having the &quot;Royal Hammam&quot; experience/massage at the Spa - quite something.	
Apr 10 2007 	Good family holiday	We stayed at The Palace just before Easter with our three children aged 6, 4 and 2. We had a very enjoyable holiday as it is extremely child friendly and safe. The kids loved the beach which was clean and extensive but don't expect great views for the photos as the building work at the palm is very evident especially to the right of the property. We took advantage of the early kids supper in Olives which was good and then had a baby sitter (very cheap - £3 per hour) so my husband and I could go out to dinner later. We ate at EauZone, Nina and Tagine all of which were good but Nina's was exceptional - this is a really top class restaurant.We had two interconnecting rooms which were fine but not amazing. The pool is big and well maintained but does get busy.The kid's club was well organised and the children enjoyed a couple of hours there while we went to the Spa which was superb.Overal this is a good place for a family holiday if you want good weather, nice beach and an easy time. The service was friendly but often slow and it wasn't the best 5* hotel in the world but we've also stayed in a lot worse !	
Apr 10 2007 	Pure luxury	Have just returned from a weeks Easter break to the One and Only Royal Mirage in Dubai. The hotel and Dubai was absolutely fantastic! Can not wait to go back again. There is so much to do and so much to see that you cannot fit it into just one week. There is a lot of building work going on in Dubai at the moment, mainly in the marina area (top end of Jumeirah beach) and the central business area. This work does not impact on the Royal Mirage. You can see cranes etc in the distance, but no noise can be heard. The hotel itself if truly wonderful. We are a family of 4 with two adults and two children, and there was something for everyone. The ratio of staff to guests is very high, and their attention to detail is brilliant. Around the pool area and down by the beach there are staff who come round with continuous supplies of fresh iced mineral water and cold flannels. In the afternoon someone comes round with plates of complimentary fresh fruit and there is also a member of staff who comes round to clean your sunglasses! Every afternoon there are complimentary activities for children. This included free use of the pedalos and kayaks one day and free camel rides another. You can also have free snorkles and masks and body boards if required. The hotel also has the Givenchy Spa which is fantastic! Breakfast is served in the Olives restaurant. The food is typical buffet style that would be expected in any 5* hotel. We also ate at the poolside bar for lunch a couple of times and the food was really lovely and reasonably priced. Most evenings we took a taxi out to a mall or souk (taxis are really cheap and plentiful) and ate out. Food in restaurants was of good standard and very good value. All in all a fabulous destination and a luxurious hotel. Would highly recommend it.	
Apr 4 2007	Amazing	We stayed at the Palace at One and Only Royal Mirage for three nights in March 2007. We had booked a Double Deluxe room but unbelieveably got upgraded on arrival to an Executive Suite. The suite wasn't ready when we arrived so we went down to the Pool Bar to have lunch and our first impressions were really good and this was before we'd even seen our room/suite.The suite was huge with two furnished balconies one from the living area and one from the bedroom. There was a handwritten welcome note from the hotel manager along with a plate of handmade pastries which was a lovely touch. The furnishings were sumptuous and the living area was HUGE. The bedroom was fantastic and also very spacious. It was the nicest room I've ever stayed in. Throughout our stay we would arrive back to our room to find a note hoping we were enjoying ourselves, on our departure again there was a note asking if we needed help packing or with any aspect of our luggage and just before we left there was another letter and a box of chocolates.We ate at Eau Zone and Nina's restaurants both of which are at the Arabian Court part of the Royal Mirage, you get a shuttle bus over to it. Both restaurants were exceptionally good, the food in EauZone in particular was spectacular. For lunch we ate at the Pool Bar which was simple fare but really well done.All in all, the service at this hotel is perhaps the best I've ever come accross, the overall impression I got was that each and every member of staff genuinely wanted you to have the best holiday ever, they were constantly smiling and greeting you. The grounds, pool and beach area of the hotel were meticulously kept and again the staff at the pool and beach were great. We went sailing most days it was cheap and there was plenty of choice in terms of your options from Kayaks, to Hobie cats and Lasers right up to waterskiing from speedboats.The building work at the Palm Jumeirah development is quite prevalent while you are on the beach and indeed on the land side there is extensive building work going on in the area BUT hand on heart it DOES NOT adversely affect your enjoyment of the hotel or indeed your enjoyment of the entire Dubai experience in the least, in my view its exciting to be able to witness the development of such an amazing destination.I've been to a lot of hotels in Dubai through the course of my work but this beats all the others hands down. Its not the biggest hotel in Dubai but its DEFINITELY THE BEST!!	
Feb 17 2007	pure luxury	we had a 5 night stop-over en-route to the maldives, which we were truly glad we did as it rained in the maldives for 2 whole weeks. The hotel was very comfortable and we ensured we dined in different restaurants each evening. Nina's was superb! The gym facilities were excellent and the givenchy spa was one of the best I have ever visited. We have booked again for June 07,	
Feb 15 2007 	50th Celebration	A very special birthday - a very special place!!! Fabulous hotel and service. Agree should be 6 star. We were upgraded to a Club Room on the 3rd floor and the room service was fantastic. True we did have to wait to check-in but chose the orientation tour of the hotels which was useful. We ate at most of the restaurants - Olives was not the greatest - tended to eat more at the Arabian Court. Took a boat trip around the marina and Palm Island which was great and well worth the money. Plenty of shopping - dont buy perfume/make up in the shopping malls as it is much cheaper at the Airport. I agree there was a little pressure from the beach/pool staff but a polite no thank you worked for us. The level of service was second to none. We treated ourselves and flew Business Class and so the holiday was expensive but worth every penny.	
Feb 13 2007 	wonderful anniversary as usual	My husband and I stay at The Palace, in the Royal Mirage and do so every year for our wedding anniversary. Please dont listen to anyone that say's it is not of excellent standard. This hotel should be awarded a 6 star, the service is outstanding, along with the food, the staff, the room. We are very fussy when it comes to hotels and rooms and this is totally luxurious. The beach is very secluded and private. We would not dream of going anywhere else to celebrate our Anniversary. Expensive but so worth it, you get what you pay for.	
Feb 10 2007	great hotel BUT hint of budget spainish holiday at times?	this hotel is great and you cant really fault it BUT dont expect to get in your room early before 2pm when you check in. It means you start your 5 star holiday tired after a overnight flight sleeping on sun lounger in your travel clothes.(there is no early check in).the staff are very good and cant do enough but to be honest iam a bit old school and dont go away on holiday to chat to the staff and feel they should be there and not heard. as another reviewer writes they are on a commission for champagne cocktails sold. yeap it does get annoying when they keep asking if you want a cocktail and the assumption that if you are from the west you drink acohol! also the germans are living up to stereotypes when it comes to the sunloungers - you must be up early to get a decent spot by the pool. also the breakfast in olives resembles that of a truste house forte after a bargin saturday night for a sunday breakfast - you will have to que and wait. all not very 5 star and more budget spanish holiday. but that is poss the the direction dubai wants go when the oil money drys up. the treatments in the hotel spas are great prices and quality, make sure you book up for a bit of relaxation. also the changing rooms in the spas are great to get ready for a night out. they have all the spa trimmings.but you really cant fault the sanctury of the hotel its top class. the food in the hotel is OK but it becomes apparant that the food buyer buys only duck, lamb, chicken and some fish. I would recommend that you you just get the breakfast option and that leaves you to use the cheap taxis to get out of the hotel (dont go downtown in rush hour because the traffic is worst than rush hour in london). another thing of note is the amount of prostitution in Dubai. as if it wasnt hard enough for visiting women in a muslim country (yeap dubai is muslim contray to its cover). The hotels are rife with women solicting and if your a girl away with your friends don't be surprised if you are approached for business in a bar. but on the whole the Palace is very very good and yes you look at the palm building site but thats dubai. I wont be rushing back to dubai but its not because of the royal mirage as its a fantastic spot in the middle of buliding site that resembles a growing london docklands.	
Jan 30 2007 	Excellent Resort	Just returned from a 6 night stay and we had a wonderful time. The service is exceptional, the choice of restaurants is superb and the ALL of the staff are really attentive. What ever training course they put there staff on is well worth the money! We had a lovely deluxe room on the second floor which was beautifully decorated and had a spacious bathroom. On arriving at the pool your towels are laid out on your sunbed, you are supplied with an endless supply of iced mineral water, cold face towels, waiter service and a chap even comes round to clean your sunglasses – there really is no need to move off your sun bed.Yes Dubai is a complete building site but as many others have stated it really does not interfere with your holiday. However, I am not too sure what the place is going to look like in 5 years time with all this building work.This is one of, if not the best, five star hotels we have stayed in and certainly plan to return.	
Jan 24 2007	beautiful hotel	Just returned from The Palace at the one and only Royal Mirage. An exceptional hotel with beautiful rooms. We had a room on the 5th floor with fabulous views of the pool and ocean. The extensive building work on Palm Island did not affect our stay at all, we were expecting it to after differnt reports. There was no smog as so many people report. The hotel staff were always freindly. The only thing we found annoying was that obviously the pool staff are on commission for the champagne they sell. Found it a little tiring that if we asked for a coffee we were been pushed into having a glass of wine or a champagne cocktail. At first it was not so obvious but as the week went on became so. Also we have a one year old and couldnt step poolside without one of the guys trying to take her from us. Very friendly however by day 3 she wouldnt even let go of my neck incase someone came over. A little too much for us and little Millie!!! Our overall stay was fabulous and the hotel itself cannot be faulted.	
Dec 22 2006 	Gorgeous retreat	We have been to Dubai 3 times and stayed at the Palace Royal Mirage twice this year and on both occassions we had a wonderful time. The location, staff and hotel are all fabulous and we thoroughly ejoyed our stay.We ate at most of the hotel's restaurants - Tagine, Nina, Eau Zone, Olives (breakfast only), Dining room &amp; the Beach Bar and Grill. We also visited the Kasbar nightclub and rooftop bar which is beautiful.The food was always fabulous and the serivce attentive.We also ventured out of the hotel and ate at a number of other restaurants in various hotels &amp; complexes and it appears to be that restaurants across Dubai are exceptional.Dubai as everyone knows is a building site, but once inside your hotel you can not hear anything. The views are good from the hotel but you do see cranes which is of course to be expected.We treated ourselves to a Gold room on the second stay and I'mnot 100% convinced that the benefits are worth the extra cost. The room is the same as a deluxe room - the only difference to us seemed to be that you get your own check in area and food served throughout the day plus pre dinner drinks. - These were served however when you are getting ready to go out and the food throughout the day is more posh nibbles rather than 'lunch' food.On our second visit we were remembered by certain staff which is always nice to see especially as the hotel is quite large.I would also like to recommend a great jewellery shop at the Gold and Diamond Park - it's called Cara. The service is great and we bought a beautiful diamond solitaire at a good price. The ring was made to our requirements and two days later we went to collect it and watched the ring being set which was good to see. SInce our return to England we have had the ring valued at more than 3 times what we paid for it. I have absolutely no hesitation in recommending this hotel. Dubai is also worth visiting especially if you like shopping, sunbathing, eating great food and staying in luxurious hotels. I would also recommend that you venture into the desert to drive in the sand dunes.Go- you will love it!	
Nov 12 2006 	An absolute blissful place to holiday...	back again for the 2nd time this year. Getting to be quite regulars to Dubai now so thought it helpful to pass on a few things we've learned... 1st of all info about another hotel - the grosvenor house. We returned to the mezzaine restaurant for our 'special night' and it is just the most divine, fantastic, amazing place to spend a special night. It's an amazing hotel but it lacks the lushness and beauty and the altogether wrap around bliss that The Palace offers, it is too much high rise and high shine, we prefer gardens, low rise and space oh and the beach and The Palace has all that and more besides. The beach bar and restaurant is sooooooooo romantic. All the staff are incredibly polite, happy, attentive and genuine. The rooms are spacious and have amazing views. There is heaps of space to find a spot under a shady tree and you have never seen such beautiful gardens - all tendered to and cultivated by fairies in the night, or so it would seem! There is not one single thing we could critisise. It is our favorite hotel in the world.And lastly to Dubai itself... a place that is clearly proud of itself and with every reason to be so. It is upbeat, positive, virbrant, fresh, innovative, cutting edge, exciting and not afraid to display and share its amazing country and culture. It will be amazing to watch its progression, don't let the worry of the building work put you off, it did not intefere wit our holiday at all, go see the amazing engineering, its not to be missed. Truly The Palace and Dubai are incredible places to holiday, we could not recommend either highly enough.	
Oct 26 2006 	amazing time at the one and only	Me and my husband decided to go to Dubai and we decided to go to the one and only royal mirage the palace as some friends had been there and they loved it. The palace is amazing as well as the arabian court and the residents and spa, we chose the palace because we were told it,s more lively and more relaxed but we loved all three. Our room was lovely with a massive bed and a beautiful bathroom a well stocked fridge and a bowl of fruit everyday. We were well looked after by all the staff especially by Tiffany on the conciege desk she was really helpful As must especially for the lady,s is the emerites mall it was open to one o,clock in the morning and the kids will love ski Dubai the indoor ski resort fantasic. The gold souks is good too, but the best for me is the Burg Arab, my husband arrange for drinks in the skyview restaurant as a little surprise on my birthday that was really nice. We want during ramadan and did,nt find it a problem at all. We feel in love with Dubai and the one and only and if you are going i,m sure you will too.	
Oct 25 2006 	wonderful stopover	We stayed at the Palace for 2 nights on a stopover on our way to England from australia. We arrived early at 5.00 and were given a very warm welcome apologies for room not being ready even though check in wasnt till 2.00pm we were given tea and refresments and then a complimentary breakfast. Our room was ready by 10.30am which we were delighted with. The staff couldnt have been more helpful and our nine year old son was very impressed with the hotel and the pool area. We had a great time in our 2 nights and visited Wild wadi water park and the indoor ski slope both which were great for kids. Highly recommended.	
Sep 25 2006 	Lovely hotel wish I could pick it up and move it somewhere else	This is a superb hotel, the quality of the rooms and decor was excellent. The staff were all very friendly, and the food included in the half board package at the Olives restaurant, albeit buffet style, was of high quality. We also ate in the 'Nina' restaurant (''Neither Indian Nor Asian'') at the Arabian Courtyard (in the same complex), and we had a superb meal there, great ambience, fantastic food, a fusion of Indian and Far East cuisine.The main pool at the hotel, whilst large, was quite crowded, especially on Friday/Saturday. But there was a 'quiet pool' for adults only, which was much nicer,albeit overlooked by the contruction site at the complex next door. Only drawback I could find, the hotel is in Dubai. Currently the whole city is covered in a smog of concrete dust from the construction work going on everywhere, offshore and onshore. Also there were a lot of 'ex pat chavs' about, everywhere you went. Dubai is not worth a visit any more in my opinion (and I have been there quite regularly, over the past 15 years)...... but this hotel is very lovely. I wish I could pick it up and put in somewhere else.......	
Sep 22 2006	The best ever experience	Having just come back from spending 10 days at The One and Only Royal Mirage, there is only one way to express the experience 'out of this world'.The staff were so attentive, the rooms were amazing and the choice of restaurants great.The Beach Bar and Grill was fantastic, the staff were are so friendly and the food amazing.This hotel should be awarded 7+star It may cost more but worth every penny.We will be going back, were else in the world can you have such luxury, with 1st class service and feel that the staff make you feel so specialElayne and Kerri	
Sep 8 2006 	Dissapointing especially with kids	We arrived here after 5 nights at Dar Al Masyaf and were immediately dissapointed. The room was fine but a bit small and certainly not contemporary in any way. It was about a quarter of the size of the rooms in Madinat. The pool area and gardens were beautiful, but we felt that there were many dissaproving looks as we had an 18month old toddler. This is a hotel clearly for adults. The girl checking us in suggested that children could only eat in one of the restaurants and at certain times. Later we found this not to be the case. The pool bar offered no suitable food for toddlers whatsoever. We asked for plain pasta or steamed rice and were told that we should go to our room after our lunch and order this on room service. I queried this from the manager who reiterated this advice. I couldn't believe this in a 5 star hotel. The beach area was clean but the view was simply of construction and half-finished buildings on the Palm Jumeirah. No uninterrupted views of the horizon are to be had and so it feels like swimming in a lake. I would not consider returning to this hotel, even without children.	
Aug 24 2006	Fantastic hotel amazing gardens pools and restaurants	We stayed there from July 30th to August 4th 2006.Probably one of the worst period of the year as it was pretty warm (around 40C) but also very humid.Still, we just planned to stay there to enjoy the pool, restaurants, spa and shopping centers, so the heat was not a real issue.The hotel is very different from the rest of the hotels you can have in Dubai. Most of them are &quot;vertical&quot;. The Royal Mirage complex must be the, or one of the biggest Hotel resort in dubai. Blocks are 4 or 5 levels max shaped in some kind of arabic style. Very nice, luxurious.We had a gold club room, which I guess makes to real difference from the standard room. The main difference for us was that it was very close to the swimming pool, and we had complimentary snacks and drinks at the Gold club lounge throughout the day until 7pm.The pools are great, the temerature is kept around 28. (The sea temperature was around 37C in the morning, yes, 37!)All the restaurant we went to were very good (Olive, Tajine) or excellent (Nina).The staff is very friendly and efficient. The hotel is in perfect condition, always very clean. The rooms are done at least twice a day.We loved it.If we go back to dubai, we'll probably return there.Boris.	
Aug 22 2006	No fun when it rains	We must be the only people who were unlucky enough to endure four days' of rain in a five-day trip to Dubai (February 2006). Even The One &amp; Only struggled to provide any worthy distractions when it was 'cats and dogs'.But the hotel is delightful. We stayed in The Palace with an upgraded room and enjoyed eating at Olives and The Beach Grill.You're unlikely to be disappointed (the offshore Palm development doesn't intrude) but here are three tips that might be worth knowing:1 There's nowhere to walk to from the hotel (unless you love hiking!); everywhere else is a taxi ride away.2 There isn't enough seating in the Celebrities restaurant for breakfast so, unless you time it right (or have room service or upgrade and get a club room for breakfast) prepare for a short wait.3 Do check your final bill - someone else had charged their (expensive dinner) to our room and it took some polite but assertive persuasion to get the costs deleted.This won't be our 'one and only' trip but just hope that next time Dubai stays as sunny as everyone expects.	
Aug 22 2006 	Luxurious impeccable service	I visited The Palace in April with a friend of mine and have just returned from my second visit in August with my husband.This hotel is fantastic and deserves more than five stars for the service alone. On each visit the service was the same, as you arrive you are greeted with a 'Gong' and taken to a lounge area to check in. As we arrived early we were taken to breakfast and were able to change afterwards to use the faciities of the hotel, until are room was ready.We were taken to the pool area where you are provided with towels from a Cabana. The pool staff take your towels to a sunbed of your choice even if you go to the beach. They lay the towels out for you, turn the beds around to face the sun and within minutes bring you iced water which continues throughout the day. Later they come around to clean your sunglasses and bring fresh fruit. Don't let the construction bother you. You cannot escape the fact that it is there but you can hear the birds chirping more than you can anything else.The restaurants again are fantastic. We ate in Olives for breakfast which has a vast selection of food and this is the same for evening dinner. We also ate in the Beach Grill, the food here again is excellent. August was really busy but we had no trouble booking tables in any of the restaurants.On my first visit I stayed in a Deluxe room which was wonderful with huge bathrooms and large walk in showers. This time however we were allocated a suite and this was massive. You could live there quite happily. There was fresh fruit, orchids and lillies and a well stocked minibar. The room staff call to your room twice daily and they are left immaculate. My lasting impression on both occasions is the impeccable service from the staff who cannot do enough for you. From the room cleaner, to the waiters, reception staff, everyone. I felt completely spoilt on both trips. This hotel deserves more than its five stars and I will return for the third time.	
Aug 21 2006 	Fabulous holiday - didn't want to come home.	My boyfriend and I have just returned from a wonderful week at the Royal Mirage Palace. We left on 12th August, just days after the security alerts at Heathrow. The horrendous delays at the airport soon melted away as we arrived at this fabulous hotel. After the gong to announce our arrival (even at 4a.m.!!) we were ushered to the very opulent lounge area where complimentary tea/coffee/juice and pastries were offered. Our room was spotless and of a good size. We had a small balcony overlooking the pool, but didn't use it too much due to the temperatures in August. The air-conditioning was set to a perfect temperature. The bathroom was beautifully laid out and spacious, with a small walk-in wardrobe just outside. A pleasant surprise was the fact that you didn't need a plug adaptor. The staff everywhere were fantastic - there for your every need and more, although never intrusive. Our room was cleaned every morning. Then about 7p.m., he would return to &quot;turn down the beds&quot;! Around the beautiful pool area, we were looked after by a lovely man called George. As well as being a fountain of knowledge about anything we asked him about the resort, he also sorted out our sunbeds, booked restaurant reservations and got us bus schedules. During the day around the pool, guests were offered ice cold face clothes, had their sunglasses cleaned and given fresh fruit kebabs - all lovely little touches which made this hotel such a special place for us. A free shuttle service is laid on for guests to take them between the 3 parts of the resort. Toni, the driver, was wonderful - so polite and always happy to see us. He was really upset the night we were returning from the Arabian Court part of the resort and his vehicle was full. Rather than wait the couple of minutes for him to come back for us, we accepted an offer by another member of staff to take the ride in a golf buggy. Tony couldn't apologise enough and felt like he'd let us down! There is also a daily free bus servive to take you to the Wild Wadi water park (great fun and well worth a visit) and the Emirate Mall (400 shops in one lovely air-conditioned mall with Ski Dubai attached to the side - a huge indoor man-made snow ski area!). The hotel was virtually at capacity, although you wouldn't have thought so - nowhere ever appeared crowded. A calm elegance was evident throughout the hotel. All areas of the hotel were spotless - we watched skirting boards being scrubbed and brass hand rails in the lift being polished! Even the ashtrays in the public areas which were made of small pieces of black crystally type grit, had patterns drawn into them! And these changed daily! The hotel has its own 1km stretch of white sandy beach. This was virtually deserted everyday when we ventured down there. The sea water was absolutely unbelievable. Because the area is cordoned off with boulders to keep the waters safe, the tide doesn't really move the water. Consequently, the sea just keeps on heating up and is unnaturally hot. The view from the beach is probably the one negative thing about this place - to the right it's dominated by the construction of the Palm Island. We were upgraded to complimentary half board (to encourage visitors to come during the very hot summer months). Breakfast was served in either Olives or Celebrities. We definitely preferred the latter - just a little more attention to detail. Evening meals could be taken in any one of the many restaurants in the 3 hotels of the resort either from a set half-board menu or Dhs120 towards the a la carte menu. All restaurants were lovely with high standards of service. Wine is quite expensive - about £25 at the cheaper end of the menu. 2 meals really stood out for us. Nina's was superb. Nina stands for &quot;neither indian nor asian&quot;. The food we had was superb. I really liked the idea that on main courses, you could choose the small or large portion. But without a doubt, our favourite was Eau Zone. You approach the restaurant via a wooden deck pathway over the brightly lit swimming pool. It really is beautiful. You have to try the chef's table. There's only one in the restaurant and there are 2 sittings per night, so you'll need to book as early as possible. Basically, you have the chef in front of you for about 2 hours as he prepares dish after dish of fantastic food (about 6 courses in total for around £35). It's a very interactive experience. Eranda our chef was great. Involved us all the way, giving choices and offering suggestions. He even let my other half have a go! Every dish was out of this world. Really can't recommend this enough. Frank the restaurant manager, was very attentive and made us feel very special. We ate once outside of the resort, at the 27th floor restaurant at the Burj. A very different experience and incredibly expensive! It was all a bit garish, but a great experience nonetheless. I had wagu fillet steak (the best steak in world and apparently previously only available to Japanese emperors!). It was divine - but at £60 for the smaller portion, so it should be! We had considered staying at both the Burj and the Jumeirah Beach, but having visited both while we were there, we knew with 100% certainty, we'd made the right decision to stay at the Palace. 7 nights definitely wasn't enough. Could have stayed there forever!	
Aug 9 2006 	Luxury Pure Luxury	On arrival in Dubai we were met by TRAVECO (Thomson Worldwide Rep) and escorted to a waiting area whilst our luggage was collected. We were then ushered to our waiting executive car and transferred (25 mins) to the O&amp;O Royal Mirage.We were welcomed with a reception drink on arrival at the O&amp;O and requested to wait in the fabulously air conditioned lounge area. We were ushered to the Gold Club Room reception to complete the check-in process. Initial impressions of the hotel were that it was clean, cool (more importantly in June) and fantasticly opulent.Our room was on the large side for rooms of this quality and standard that we have experienced previously. It was decorated with fresh flowers, petals around the bed and fresh fruit. We were greeted with several letters from areas around the hotel welcoming us to the O&amp;O and congratulating us on our wedding. We were offered and took advantage of a 30% reduction in the prices and the Givenchy Spa &amp; Hammam (FATASTIC!!!!), where we spent 3 hours relaxing in the lap of luxury. Over our 5 night stay we received several little gifts including Givenchy perfume and Aftershave, flowers, honeymoon breakfast and reserved area within the attached nightclub (which is frequented by many of Dubai's rich and famous, you can tell by the amount of Bentleys parked outside and reservations are necessary for tables or seats).We ate breakfast in the Gold Club lounge and were impressed with the service and selection available although we were more than welcome to eat breakfast in Olives where the selection is bigger but not as intimate. We only had one other meal in the hotel and we were slightly disappointed but that was enhanced by the fact it was our last night in Dubai.Eating out in Dubai is invariably done in other hotels (5 stars) and the choice/effects are endless. No more expensive than eating in 5 star hotels anywhere else in the world with the same status (New York look out). Try Teatro's (Towers Rotano Hotel) a fantastic restraunt with a great walk-in glass wine cellar where you will be invited to choose your bottle of wine and remember and dispose of the cork in the woks on the floor (seems to be a tradition) (give yourself plenty of time, traffic in Dubai is almost as bad as London).Visit all the souks you can and do the 4X4 desert safari, but be prepared for a bumpy ride. Dont bother with the over priced trip to the over stuffy Burj al Arab, the most beautiful part of this hotel is the way it looks from the outside. The big bus city tour although interesting is a little strange, touring a city with very little history doesn't match any other tour of this type I have conducted (London, Barcelona &amp; Edinburgh). Dhow trips have been spoilt since the Bahrain Dhow accident as you now have to stay inside but I'm sure with time this will relax.Dubai a great city to visit, the O&amp;O Royal Mirage a great luxury destination designed for the traveller looking for complete relaxation, excellent service and relaxation. Many thanks to all that made this part of our honeymoon a great success.	
Jul 20 2006 	Great Hotel	We stayed here for 5 nights July 8 - 13 and only wished we could have stayed longer. Service is superb and all of the staff were extremely pleasant and courteous.Our room was first class and serviced at least twice a day. The decor is beautiful and the gardens and swimming pool areas are immaculate.We ate at Tagines (Moroccan), Rotisserie, Ninas(Indian) and Eau Zone. They were all superb but our favourite was Eau Zone, its in a fantastic setting and the food is great.The Spa and beauty centre at Residence is also worth a visit, they have an extensive menu of treatments and the Hamman massage is very very good.We will definitely be returning to this hotel.	
Jul 8 2006	Once again - fabulous in every way	We have just returned from The Palace at the One and Only and once again absolutely adored this hotel. I visited last July and have always wanted to return and it was just as fantastic. This hotel is immaculate - I do believe that the high standards of this hotel make every guest feel as if they are the first guest to enter. From the moment we arrived till the moment we left we were looked after incredibly well. Breakfast each day was taken in Olives (the beds being so comfortable, for a girl who never manages to lie-in, I had to set the alarm in order to make last breakfast at 1030 hrs) and then the pool area for a few hours. With going in the heat of July, the hotel was not fully occupied (one of the huge advantages of going at this time), so it was always possible to get a well located sun lounger and parasol, or occasionally gazebo. In the afternoons we would pop out so we did Ski Dubai (great fun and not too expensive - around £20 for 2 hrs skiing), Emirates Mall and Madinat Souk.Our meals over our three nights were at Eau Zone, Beach Grill (our favourite) and Nina's. We booked our restaurants about a month in advance by email.At a drinks evening, we met several of the management and it was excellent to see how much they value the opinions of their guests.I can't wait to return - I would return in August if my husband would agree, but I think I'm going to have to wait until next summer. We had a glorious 3 night, 5 day break taking the late BA flight from Heathrow on Friday night and then the late flight out of Dubai at 11pm on the Tue. I believe we had service with a smile and service that cares - not always the same thing.	
Jul 7 2006 	Wow	On a mixed business/holiday trip we arrived in Dubai via Qatar &amp; Bahrain. After a couple of days in town at my usual hotel (i am a frequent business visitor to UAE) we moved to the Palace. It was also a treat for my wife (our wedding anniversary coincided with the trip) who was with me for this trip. Having used the One &amp; Only for meals before it still came as a pleasant surprise to be a guest here. The entrance gong, check in in the lounge were just two points that gave you the impression that you would enjoy your stay. EVERYTHING was superb. Rooms, service, restaraunts, staff were all brilliant. I notified reception about our anniversary and they organised everything including Champagne! If you want a quiet, relaxing, pampered holiday look no further. As i was also on business my wife had to spend time on her own at the hotel. Not a problem as she was totally spoilt (at the pool with fresh fruit, chilled drinks, sunglasses cleaned!) by the very attentive - but not obtrusive - staff. If there is a downside it is the fact that Jumeirah is so far from town so it takes a long time to get anywhere. If it is purely a holiday this place just has to be on your agenda! Whilst the continued construction now spoils many Dubai hotels - there is also plenty nearby the Palace - but it really does not intrude here. Excellent!!!!!	
Jun 23 2006	Generally Shiny Palace but a couple of areas for iimpovement....	Before the hotel review, a quick mention about our flight to Dubai. We noramlly fly Emirates which provide a very good service, but as Virgin have just recently started supplying this route, we thought we'd try them on the basis that they'd probably try harder to please their customers on a new route and give Emirates a good run for their money. We had premium economy seats and experienced possibly the worst flight we have ever endured. One toilet was broken, my screen was broken, the food was excrable even by airline standards, and the cabin crew were offhand, bordering on rude. Despite pressing the call button during the flight, the only way to get a drink was by walking down to the back of the plane and asking for them. Having just complained to Virgin via email about this and receiving a delayed and unsatisfactory response from them, take this advice: for a quality experience, fly Emirates (even Economy), who have provided us with consistently great service on several flights. Anyway, to the hotel......Stayed at the Palace at the Royal Mirage from 19th to 27th May. This was our fourth trip to Dubai, but our first stay at the Palace (we have previously stayed at the Ritz Carlton). We had asked our travel agent for a ground floor room and also emailed the Palace prior to our arrival to request the same. The Palace without doubt has a feel of 'glamour'. As you walk through the front entrance for the first time you get 'gonged' into the hotel, which I found rather amusing. The hotel is vast (we generally prefer smaller hotels) and the first room we were offered was so far away from the main reception that it took us five or six minutes to walk along the corridors to reach it. The room overlooked a large, but somewhat plain area of grass, so we asked to be moved to a room overlooking the pool. Eventually, we were moved and the room was fine, overlooking the pool as requested. The pool area is huge with plenty of sunbeds and shade if you require it. There are several small islands dotted through the pool, planted with palm trees and the bar is shaded with huge white drapes, and looks inviting and elegant. I do however have a few negative comments about the hotel and service. We holiday 3 or 4 times annually and generally stay five star. When you arrive at the Palace, you are given laminated vouchers for your towels at the pool area. You hand your vouchers in and are handed your towels and this is reversed at the end of the day. I've never experienced this before and I honestly thought it was a bit 'naff'. The menu at the pool bar area is very limited and my 'fresh' tuna salad didn't look particularly fresh.... With one exception, the staff around the pool were very friendly and helpful and Bernd, the General Manager for the area was charming, informative and helpful. On our second day, we ordered drinks from our sun lounger and I signed for them. Five minutes later, two members of the bar staff approached me and asked me if I had the 'right' to sign for drinks at the hotel, (i,e was I actually a guest). We were chatting to people we had met that morning at the time, and the questioning was very public and rather embarassing. The room was booked in my partner's surname, not mine, but what they should have done was checked with reception first, where or course, my passport details were registered. Other guests we met a couple of days later told us that someone had falsely signed for drinks and food against their room, so there may be a problem with this at the hotel, but their staff need to find another way to deal with this. Also, we like to take a couple of lilos with us, and one evening about 6pm when the pool was virtually empty we brought them out of our room and were immediately 'ticked off' by the pool staff. Inflatables are not allowed in the pool because they're considered dangerous - shame. Last negative point, every morning, teams of pool volley ball or basket ball are formed by the fitness coach, but the area they use is the children's area of the pool, so you end up with several very competitive men hurling themselves around the pool in the same area where children are swimming and playing..... now THAT'S what I call dangerous. On the positive side, all the restaurants at the hotel are excellent and the prices are what you would expect to find at a five star establishment. The beach is virtually empty, our room was absolutely immaculately maintained and all the staff were very professonal and helpful.	
Jun 13 2006	Loved it....can't wait to return	We arrived at our hotel at about 9am, unfortunatley our room was not ready, which in all honesty we expected but we were knackered and just wanted to shower and change. We couldn't so we made the most of our short stay and hit the gold sook, we found it such an interesting shop, with such a friendly approach from the sellers. I did think that we may had been pressured into buying something but it was the opposite.We then headed back to the hotel, we decided to relax round the pool, as we started to near the pool we were a bit panicked by the busyness of the pool, but we were soon approached by a man with towels eger to find us some spare beds.....phew!On our first night we ate in The One and Only Arabian Court which is on the same complex but seperate....we went to Eau Zone, it was FAB. The setting was simply beautiful and the food delicious.We loved the inbetween hotel bus driver, he was hilarious......he had us dancing in his bus with the CD at full volume! He was very funny.I would recommend going on the sand dunes on buggies, you do get covered in sand but it is good fun.For a pre-dinner drink we went to the 360 bar, which you get to from the Jumeriah Beach hotel, on a golf buggy - it plays really chilled out club music, it is lush to relax and take in the views.We were only there for 3 nights so we crammed a lot in, we really really want to return to do more! We were not effected at all by the construction work, but it would have looked a lot nicer without it. But to be fair if you don't know about the work that is going on before you go, you must live with your heads in the clouds!	
Jun 7 2006	Perfection In The Sun	Our trip in May 2006 was fantastic!! Welcome cold drinks when we arrived started our 10 days of pampering.OK: Checklist: Positive SideYou don't arrive feeling wrecked - 6 hour flight and 3 or 4 hour time change = no jet lagHotel is very smart but not too stuffyStaff are excellent and friendly - they also don't expect to be tipped at every opportunity (Unlike USA!!)Rooms are good (no DVD player though which was a shame), Hotel is very clean, restuarants are excellent (worst was Olives buffet, best was Nina's), Half board excellent value. Pool is gorgeousThe people who are there on Holiday are really nice and friendly. Mostly Brits, Germans &amp; RussiansNegative Side:There is construction going on around the hotel. It did not bother us at all, but the Adults only pool was noisy. I don't like the beach at the O&amp;O - sand is not that soft, palm construction is not a good view and I saw blue jellyfish!!We went and looked around various other hotels, the Burg al arab is very &quot;Gold&quot; and quite serious. Jumeriah beach reminded me of a service station!! The new one (like Venice) was huge, busy and like Las Vegas and the Marriott &amp; Ritz Carlton had far too much construction around them. Word of warning - it took us two hours to get from hotel to the gold souk (25 mins journey). The traffic in dubai is not good during rush hour.If you like a pool / beach holiday with something to do in the evenings then Dubai is perfect. There are some fabulous bars, shops and restaurants (Buddah Bar was fun)We loved it so much that we are going back for Christmas!!	
Jun 6 2006	What a fantastic place	We stayed in May, monday to Friday. You will find no better place in the world to relax, have superb service and enjoy yourself. It is a hotel with old style service, i'e you are the customer and it is their pleasure to serve you. We had a gold club room, with it's own reception and were treated like royalty. On the second night, a pair of swans arrived in our room, crafted out of towels, a really nice touch. There was live entertainment in the main bar area, which was excellent - not appreciated by the table of germans nearby. Food at the beach restaurant was excellent. I would recommend anyone wanting a special place to stay as a couple to visit here. You will not be disappointed with the old style arabian hotel with absolute luxury. SUPERB!!	
Jun 4 2006	Superb in every way!!	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in May. After a great flight with Emirates we arrived in Dubai at midnight. We were met at the airport and transtered to the hotel which took around 30 minutes.On arrival at the hotel we were greeted by hotel staff and showed to a lounge area were we were given cold drinks and filled in registration forms etc. This only took 5 minutes and we were on our way to our Gold Club Room.The rooms were fantastic. Spacious, immaculatley clean and a great big comfy bed. The air con was great (and belive me you will need it!!) Our room was cleaned and towels replenished twice a day and the turndown service was great. We often came back to the room on an evening to find fresh fruit or chocolates. We found the Gold Club rooms to be great value. In the Gold Club lounge there are soft drinks and coffee avaliable 24 hours a day and between 6-8pm alcoholic drinks are also included. We found drinks in Dubai to be very expensive so it was nice to be able to have a couple of glasses of wine in the lounge before going out for the evening. The Gold Club lounge also offers a continental breakfast, afternoon tea (this is gorgeous) and canapes in the evening. The staff throughout the hotel were great. Proffesional, helpful but unobtrusive. The grounds within the hotel are perfect and very well maintained. Pool area again was superb. Lots of very comfy loungers and plenty of shade if thats what you want. The guys around the pool are great and as well as waiter service drinks they also supply complimentary water all day. The pool itself was clean, cool and even though it was normally busy it was never noisy so all in all a great place to spend a few hours chilling out.The beach was superb. Clean, well maintained and lots of loungers avaliable. The sea was clear and very warm.We found the food throughout our stay to be fantastic. From breakfast to lunch and Dinner all our meals were first class, well prepared with some great menus. Our favourite restaurant was Ninas. The food, ambience and service could not be faulted. We found the food to be reasonably priced. The wines were great if not a little expensive but from what i am lead to belive that is just par for the course in Dubai.Overall we had a fantastic time and cant wait to return. We have read some reviews about the lack of childrens facilites and as we dont have children it is quite hard to comment. However, I would say this hotel is more suited to adults. If you are a couple or single traveller who wants a luxury break with great weather, food and service then this is definatley the place to go!	
Jun 3 2006	Brilliant. Amazing hotel.	We arrived at The Palace at 9am after a long flight from Birmingham on 28 May. As soon as you walk in you are greeted and the &quot;welcome bell&quot; rung. We were ushered into the lobby and served tea whilst the reception team arranged check in. Unfortunately (and this is my ONLY complaint) we had to wait until 12pm for our room and I think we only got it then because I complained to the management. It is just very frustrating when you see people who were on the same flight, who were waiting with you then be roomed and come down hours later in swimwear starting their holidays and you still sitting there! Anyways...The standard deluxe rooms are amazing. Huge marble bedroom and huge bed. Absolutely amazing. The rooms are also cleaned twice daily with fresh bedding and fresh towels. Brilliant stuff.We had the half board option which is a 120 UAD per person contribution to your bill every night. The 120UAD only covers food and drinks are seperate and have to be paid for. We ate at Olives, The Rottisiere and the Beach Bar and Grill. One night we even had room service (afternoon tea at the Burj had left us stuffed) which was even covered in the half board deal though there was a 45UAD tray charge. The Olves breakfast was amazing every day. Plenty of choice and chefs who will cook your eggs how you choose. We ate here one evening at the buffet style which was good but not as good as the Rottisiere (in the Arabian Court - free shuttle bus) and I would recomend the Rottisiere for a buffet style dinner over Olives. The Rottisiere is bigger, HUGE carvery and just more choice. Very impressive. The Beach Bar and Grill was amazing. The mussels and the salmon I had was great and this was one of the nicest meals I've ever had. We did go over our 120UAD for this meal but I had starter and main and boyf had main and desert. We also had plenty fo wine and I think our evening there cost the equiv of £35 which we had to contribute. The Rooftop bar at the Arabian Court is lovely and worth a vist. This is a classy hotel. All the guests seemed to be of a high calibre. There was a Premiership footballer there the same week as us and no-one bothered him, stared at him and he was left to get on with his holiday the same as anyone else. The pool staff are very attentive and bring cool water around. They really can not do enough for you and were wonderful. This goes for all the staff throughout the hotel. We loved this hotel and though we would not necessarily return again to Dubai (the world is just too big for repeat visits) I would stay at this chain of hotels without a doubt. This hotel has definately set the standard for us and I would recomend this hotel without a doubt.	
Jun 2 2006	Not 5 stars - its 6	If there was a provision for 6 stars- I'd give it.I travel the globe very often and have stayed at many many 5 star hotels,written many reviews butI can't review this hotel.Why?Simple!!!Perfection cannot be reviewed - it is only experienced.Do yourself a favour - experience it. It's a life experience you will never ever forget.	
May 6 2006	Ok but not the best by far!!!!!	We stayed here in Mar 06 following a great holiday at Reethi Rah Maldives!!!!All I can say is that we did stay on the Gold Club floor, check in was great and the facilities there were very good....especially the complimentary drinks and nibbles 6.00pm to 8.00pm, you are served with practically what ever beverage you like and they keep topping u up!!!!!Reservations need to be made at the restaurants quite a long time in advance and very strange times were available either 7.00pm or 10.00pm in most cases.....considering we had use of the club lounge we would have rather eaten at about 8.00ish.The Med Restaurant was very poor (the only one u don't have to make a reservation), we had a meal here on our first night.......it was a buffet night!!!!!! not one explanation of how things worked so we sat there like lemons for a good half hour waiting for someone to explain or at least talk to us!!!!!! Our bottle of wine arrived unopened, no corkscrew to be seen.......we tried to get the attention of a waiter but no joy.......eventually I walked around the Restaurant with my wine bottle for a good 5 mins before i got the damn cork out!!!!!!!All in all the Al Quasar is a much newer nicer hotel which we stayed at in 2005, the restaurants were great and no reservations needed.......sometimes you want to wait till an evening and then decide what cuisine u fancy!!!!!!!!!The pool at the Al Quasar was huge and plenty of sun loungers and space for everyone, too much shade and palm trees at the O&amp;O........We did hear a new O&amp;O is being built on the 'Palm' so maybe this one will be gradually going down the pan, please do your research before u book this and do look into the Madinat Jumirah (Al Quasar etc) they really are a better choice for similar money and the location is much better!!!!Happy Holidays!!!!	
May 2 2006	Perfect	I have just returned from a weeks stay at the Palace with my boyfriend, and felt i had to write a review on this fantastic hotel.We had a superior room, which was very well decorated with excellent storage space, although the room was a little smaller than we expected. You cannot fault housekeeping, when i complained a few bulbs were blown they were replaced within minutes. The swans made out of towels and rose petals was a very nice touch. The staff everywhere in the hotel are just so friendly, and happy to do anything for you. The pool is excellent (although if you prefer a &quot;no children&quot; pool there is one, but smaller), and the beach is beautiful. These people that say the construction noise is unbearable, i really cant understand. From the beach we didnt hear any noise and the view is not spoilt by the building that is going on. We certainly didnt hear any noise at all from our room. You must visit Celebrities Restaurant, where the service and food is five star. It is also worth going over to Arabian Court, Nina's is also very very nice. The bar there also has a huge screen for the football which pleased my boyfriend no end. And i have to say the best surprise was the nightclub, it was great having somewhere to go for a drink and dancing till the early hours. And you cannot hear the music from any other part of the hotel. I would also recommend booking a table at the fish restaurant at Burj Al Arab (although we had to do this months in advance), the hotel and restaurant is out of this world. Oh and for during the day a visit to the Wild Wady water park is great fun. The only complaint i have is that on arrival we had &quot;guaranteed early check in&quot;, and arrived at 8.00am. We had to wait 9 hours for the room as they were 100% full and the people that were in our room checked out late. After a few hours sitting at the pool the staff at the lobby bar entertained us for the remainding time until our room was ready. All in all a fantastic hotel which caters for everyone.	
Apr 21 2006	Excellent Choice!	My partner and I and my 8 year old daughterJust returned from a 5 night stay in the Palace, when we eventually arrived ( apart from the cancelled flight out there!!) couldn't fault the place, very clean and gardens were emaculate, staff were polite and curtious. not really child friendly especially for toddlers as too many things to grab hold of (so think twice with young children) the rooms were well kept cleaned daily, and the bed was turned down at night ready for your return. Excellent male cleaner came by twice daily to check if you needed anything ie. water clean towels etc. Drinks in the hotel were about the same you would pay in the UK if not slightly more expensive in some cases, but you can expect that as after all it is a muslim country. Breakfast was very good, ceral/fruit/meats/cheeses/bagels/full english breakfast (with turkey bacon and veal sausages) omelates etc, nearly everything you could think of with excellent service as tea and coffee brought to your table. Eating within the hotel was very good, just expect to pay the prices, we went to the Moroccan Resturant had 3 courses and it came to £150! But you get what you pay for.The beach was excellent cleaned daily, just wasn't enough sunloungers on there. so not sunned on the beach, around the pool was also good, waiters walked round waiting for orders for drinks and you cannot reserve sun loungers, if a sun lounger has not been occupied by a person in 2 hours the personal effects and towels (complimentary) will be taken away and stored until collected, which is a good idea.Dubai shopping mall is not very far away, but be prepared to pay the same prices as UK, next, debenhams ETC.Old Dubai is worth a visit where you will find the Gold Souks ETC. ladies remember to cover them shoulders while out of the Hotel as the older generation seemed to make funny noises at you and it feels like you are walking out topless! Wild Wadi waterpark is definatly worth a visit, take plenty of sunscreen with you!One to miss is the new rock cafe, not worth the taxi ride out.Arabian adventures which is the tour operater are helpful and have good trips on offer.There is alot of building work going on but could not hear anything through out our trip so don't let this put you off.To top this all off, if you want a relaxing holiday go to the palace, if you want to combine relaxation and shopping this is the place to go. 5 days just was not long enough!!	
Apr 14 2006	Second visit to The Royal Mirage and still loved it.	We stayed at the Residence and Spa in Nov/Dec 2004, and I wrote a review for this wonderful hotel on 10 August 2005 after visiting other 5* hotels in New York, London, Vegas and Cyprus.After a short deliberation we decided to revisit the Royal Mirage but instead of booking a suite in the Residence and Spa, we decide to go for the cheaper option and book a room in The Palace. We were not disappointed.We still had all the fabulous restaurants and bars to choose from in the same gorgeous setting and yet again they were everything we remembered and expected of them. We chose to sunbathe around the 'adults only' pool which is tucked away in a corner of The Palace gardens. By doing this we avoided the busy main pool with families (no disrespect to parents and kids, but we left three kids at home to escape for 5 days). Although we sacrificed the attentive pool service of the Residence and Spa we were still served chilled water, fresh fruit, cold flannels, towels and had our sunglasses cleaned. Staff just weren't in permanently attendance to wait on you hand and foot. We were happy to wait for a glass of water in exchange for having the 'adults only' pool practically to ourselves most days despite the hotel being fully booked.We ate in the following restaurants:-Celebrities - Definitely our favourite. Fabulous food, service and wine in opulent surroundings in a traditional setting.Nina's - Didn't really fancy an Indian meal last time but we had heard the rave reviews and VERY pleased we gave it a try. The most beautiful Indian restaurant we have ever eaten in. Fabulous service with the best Indian cuisine ever tasted. Melt in the mouth meat and naan breads. (Don't let the nasty orange plastic menus put you off like it did us on our first visit). Eau Zone - Still a good meal out in lovely settings (decking on a lit pool so you sit and eat on little decked islands on water if you want to eat outside). Not quite got the edge that Nina's and Celebs have but still good.Tagine's - Beautiful restaurant, food was ok but we both had quite bland dishes. Beach Bar and Grill - Romantic setting, good seafood. Always smells vaguely of paraffin outside?? Always enjoy eating here but also lacks the edge of Celebs and Nina's. Still a very good restaurant.The room wasn't as luxurious as the suite at the Residence and Spa (obviously), but it was still more than adequate to meet our needs with lovely furniture and a fab bathroom (great shower). Still an above average 5* hotel room although we didn't quite fathom out why they had Charlton Athletic Football Channel on? Would like to have had the option of watching premiership games (well, not me but my other half).As always the customer service was great. Kasbah still had the same incredible service. They ALWAYS remembered what we drank and by the third night our drinks were served by Bastian who had memorised our 'Bull Frog and G&amp;T' order. There was no cashier in yet and as they knew us and also knew we loved to hit the pool table, we were served our drinks along with 10 coins for 2 games of pool. That might sound nothing special, but we hadn't yet paid anything!! Would still say that this is the most outstanding hotel we've been to. It's customer service is above and beyond the Bellagio, The Four Seasons in Vegas, Ritz Carlton in New York and the various 5* in London which just pale in comparison.	
Apr 10 2006	What a nightmare	I stayed in the Palace 4 nights and some people willsay this guy is crazy to call this hotel horrible.But I know most of the hotels on Jumeirah Beach.And as the Palace is in the same price category like Jumeirah Beach or Madinat mina Al Salaam I can onlygive the advice to spend the money for these hotels.The room I stayed in had no view on the sea as they do not cut the palms like they did not care for a lotof details in the entire hotel. Breakfast was a jokeand reminded me more of a 3* Hotel in Europe.The entire service had never the level of the a.m.hotels. I would have prefered to stay in the Oasis than in this one. NEVER AGAIN!!!!	
Apr 9 2006	Poor!! Unhelpful!	Arrived at hotel at 8pm, had to wait over hour for room as wasn't ready. When we arrived in room, not cot another hour until that was ready. Furthest point from pool, not fun when toddler is just walking. Didn't inform us of time of breakfast or where anything was, totally unhelpful. Asked about children's menu at pool bar, they said just half portions, totally impractical menu for toddler, asked on several occasions for yoghurt or more pureed food, and they refused to help - unbelievable for five star hotel. All the beds seemed to be reserved by the time we came down at 9am, but everyone has gone for breakfast leaving people with children with little choice of shady areas. Not allowed to change childs nappy around pool area but no facilities for changing nappies in toilets. Totally impractical for children. Totally unhelpful, didn't feel welcomed, didn't seem staff knew how to do their job let alone go the extra mile. Seems from reading posts it's all the people with young children that seem to be having problems with this hotel. For a five star hotel I thought customer service etc very very poor!!Rachel.	
Feb 26 2006	Wonderful Hotel	I went with my husband and another couple. We had a wonderful time. The staff were always very helpful. Yes there is building work going on around but didn't find it intrusive. We liked the adult only pool for lazing around and the main pool for early morning swimming. The choice of restuarants was amazing, all very different but all very good. I think the only negative part was ordering drinks at the roof-top bar well within the &quot;happy hour&quot; time but being charged full price, as they were busy and didn't get them to you until after the time was up! We were staying there on Valentine's night and was very surprised to find a chocolate heart arrangement had been delivered to our room whilst we were at dinner, a lovely touch.All in all a wonderful holiday.	
Feb 26 2006	Beautiful supurb hotel first class	We have just returned from spending 6 days at The Palace and we found this to be a beautiful, imaculately kept hotel. The service was first class and the staff went out of their way to help you. We loved the pool and the grounds are lovely and peaceful. You can easily spend an hour or more simply walking around this resort visiting all three hotels. You are made welcome everywhere!We did the ritual visit to take Afternoon Tea at The Burg! exactly as most people have commentated, superb architecture, but shame about the inside decor.We did not feel the surrounding building and construction work bothered us at all. It would however been even more perfect with an uninterrupted sea view. We shall definitley return to this hotel as it provides us with the package we prefer. The resort's tranquil grounds make it a pleasure and escape from the city.Highly recommended. The photographs do not do this hotel justice you have to visit personally to appreciate it's beauty.Edyth	
Feb 24 2006	amazing experience	went for a 5 night break in september sensational hotel and location. what a place dubai is, everybody should visit. building work not a problem if you can see the vision of dubai. the rooftop bar within the hotel is truely amazing and romantic. beach is fantastic and the sea is like being in the bath at home. shopping is a must and excellent value. drink only available in the hotels in the main. i cant wait to go back to enjoy the amazing experince of dubai.	
Feb 21 2006	Great food shame about the organisation	I have to agree with another writer about how poor the hotel is when you have small children. Given it sells itself on being child friendly I was surprised at a number of problems we encountered during our stay, particularly given the price. Babysitters turned up late (despite us having confirmed several times the hour with the housekeeper) and with the wrong family's paperwork, the rooms are unadapted - you will need to move about 20 miniature alcohol bottles all within eay reach of a curious toddler, and we were given a room as far away as possible from any facility in the resort ( we were exhausted traipsing the corridors let alone our 17 month son) which opened out onto a pool reserved for adults - you try telling a toddler he can't go near the pool right in front of him. On arrival our room wasn't ready, not a problem in itself, but when we asked where we could change the baby's nappy the girl suggested on the floor in the toilets - neither hygenic or pratical,; we later discovered there was a changing area in the child centre, clearly the staff had no clue it existed.We have to say that the pool, beach, and gardens are fabulous, and that the food and restaurants with their friendly efficient staff, were truly exceptional. But the hotel is let down by its poor reception, planning and a concierge who quite frankly hasn't a clue about anything and was worse than useless - thank goodness I had a Lonely Planet with me.Royal Mirage will need to rethink itself a bit if it wants to compete in the top of the end range of clients particularly when the Four Seasons opens at the end of the year - I know where I will be going when I go back to Dubai	
Feb 10 2006	Superb hospitality	Sensational hotel in every way:- spectacular lobby, in this regard the Palace being the most impressive of the 3 hotels in the complex - lovely room (on ground floor, could step from terrace straight into garden leading to the pool)- enormous pool, and beautifully designed with palm trees in and around it- great variety and quality of restaurants across the complex (for breakfast we preferred Celebrities to Olives, for dinner the Eau Zone at the Arabian Court had a magical atmosphere)- highly atmospheric rooftop bar at the Arabian Court- superb service including the little details such as someone offering to clear your sunglasses on the beach, someone else bringing you some fruit on a stick by the pool.Do be aware that when you're lying on the beach, you will NOT have an undisturbed view to the horizon.... a few hundred metres in front of you is one of the &quot;branches&quot; of Palm Island and to one side is the causeway with trucks lumbering to and from the construction site. You can see but you can't hear it and frankly it's a fair reflection of Dubai as a whole - I've never seen so much construction anywhere. So it didn't bother us.Therefore absolutely no hesitation in thoroughly recommending the One &amp; Only Mirage	
Feb 5 2006	Loved it - can't wait to go back	Stayed in the Palace for 5 nights in a 'standard' room - room was a good size, very well presented and extremely comfortable. The hotel has been decorated beautifully in traditional style and has a lovely atmosphere - the staff are professional and very friendly and during our stay couldn't do enough to help. The garden area is peaceful and well maintained, and although building work continues on the Palm development nearby (visible from the private beach), this didn't disturb us in any way. We were delighted with our choice of hotel (having also visited the Burj al Arab we were glad to be staying in the Royal Mirage - it was very over-the-top and the staff far less efficient and helpful)and look forward to returning soon.	
Jan 23 2006	Best Hotel Ever	Stayed at the One and Only Royal Mirage The Palace for one week with my husband. It is the best holiday I have ever had, the staff offered an excellent service without being too over the top, we were made to feel almost like royalty. The hotel was maintained to the highest of standards, there is not one thing I could find fault with and would recommend to anyone. ABSOLUTELY PERFECT!!!	
Nov 19 2005	Royal Mirage Never Fails to Deliver	Returning guests at EIDE for the 2nd time.Hotel full to capacity but never felt crowded.Service and hospitality first class as usual.This hotel group in this complex is without equal in the Jumeirah beach resorts when comparing value for money,service,effiency,friendliness and that five star treatment-who needs over the top seven star service where you can never be free to relax and chill out without butlers and maids hovering.Construction work not a problem in this location-can hardly hear it and you need binoculars to see it on Palm Island.Traffic gridlocked on the routes into city centre between 5pm to 7pm but other times fine-a reverse rush hour direction compared to most other cities-just avoid until the new roadworks are completed.	
Nov 12 2005	12th Time 	We were one of the first guests to stay here, when it was under Sun International ownership.We can say that this is one of the best hotels we have stayed in. You would have trouble finding a better hotel.Luxurious &amp; Opulent does not come close to describing the resort.You are made to feel very welcome by every member of staff.If you can get the offer on Half Board, it's excellent value to your holiday.We now have a 22 month old daughter who has been with us now 3 times. So don't be afraid to think it's a no-go zone for kids, they go free up to the age of 12.	
Oct 5 2005	Great Hotel lots on construction but its everywhere in dubai	I do not understand why this hotel has such a low rating. I visited many hotels while i was in dubai and the only two that i saw which were nicer were the burj and al quasar (though the madinat is not very personal and a bit like disney world of dubai). This hotel is definitely far better than the ritz carlton (where we considered staying) which is also surrounded by construction. Hotel is beautiful and without the construction i would say one of the best i have ever stayed at. Has a great club, resturants and rooms are big and very nice with marble bathrooms. poroblem is when you go to beach there is construction in front of you all the way down (one of the arms of the palm is in front of hotel so the beach is more like a bay, there is no clear view out to the sea horizon at any part of the hotel. Also if i were going to stay here while construction is going on at palm, you need to stay at palace and not the other two resorts of the one and only. they are much closer to the palm and you can hear the construction very loudly (much more so than the palace). If I were deciding on where to go, i would scrap dubai and go to oman and stay at the chedi...much better than anything you will get in dubai. you can also do dubai/oman very easily together on gulf air.	
Oct 3 2005	Absolute bliss	Have just returned from a very short stay at the Palace, Royal Mirage, and just had to write to say how fantastic it was. Everything, from the moment you arrive, is superb. The staff are extremely helpful and polite and, as the previous reviews have stated, the pool staff are amazing. We ate at the Beach Bar a couple of times and each time were not disappointed. We also dined at Olives which was excellent value for money. I would definately recommed this hotel if you are looking for, intimacy, pure indulgence in romantic surroundings - cant wait to return.P.S. We were hoping to book the JUMERIAH BEACH HOTEL initially but it was fully booked. Having paid a visit, I have to say that we were really glad to have got into the Palace and it was around £200 cheaper!!	
Oct 2 2005	Fantastic!!	What can I say ...had 5 amazing nights at the Royal Mirage - The Palace. On arrival you felt very special, we did have to wait an hour and a half for our room to be ready however this was fine as we had breakfast and wondered round the hotel having a look. Building work - not a problem you can hear a slight buzzing in the back round but thats about it. On the beach to your right hand side you can see in the far distance lorries driving back and forth but you barely notice it. Straight ahead of you is Palm Island you can see it but its not ugly view it just looks like an island not a building site. To the side of you 2 buildings are being worked on but it no way spoils the setting and again noise is barely there!They treat you like Kings, they will do anything for you.Rooms were very spacious - I was thrilled! Bed was massive. They provided you with fresh fruit every day and at night free bottles of water. Room were exceptionally clean. Resturants were lovely I would reccommend the Beach Bar and Grill. For breakfast Celebrities was definatly better, I must admit Iv had better breakfasts in other hotels but it still was top class with a chef cooking you anything you wanted along with the usual buffet style foods and cerals etc. Swimming pool lovely with Palm trees everywhere and the beach has white sand and clear water! The bar there serveslovely food for lunch at reasonable prices aprox 40 DIR.The safari was excellent - brilliant food - would definatly reccommend! We has afternoon tea at the 7* hotel - 190 DIR - very lovely...you may as well just to say uv been but u have to book before hand with your hotel or directly. Warnings - traffic is very bad out there so allow extra time and after 5pm its manic. We thought we'd do all our sight seeing tours in the evening however its just not possible we were stuck in hours of traffic.Shoppings malls are nice...price wise for clothes same as UK. Gold Souk.....well worth a visit gold/silver/diamonds definatly loads cheaper - plus u can haggle!Water Park was under construction - it was ok ... nothing special but nice if u want somewhere different to go to break up the day!Cabs very cheap. Would definatlt definatly go there - the hotel is lovely and you get pampered! The hotel has 3 parts to it and you can use all 3 - there is a shuttle service to each one running up until aprox 12.30am but you can walk its just a lot easier. Enjoy!Alcohol expensive eg in the hotel 1 beer - £5 (english pounds)Basically definatly would reccommend - it was the most luxorious hotel Iv ever stayed in and Iv stayed in a few.	
Sep 24 2005	Go on - spoil yourself!	With its low rise Arabian inspired build, airy interiors, immaculate gardens and huge pool area with palm trees &quot;in&quot; the pool, you cannot fail to be impressed with this luxury resort hotel. No standing at reception to check in, you are taken to a sofa in the lounge and tea is brought for you while the receptionist deals with your details. From then on you quickly adjust to being pampered by the staff who are charming, friendly and respectful. We had a &quot;standard&quot; deluxe room overlooking the gardens/sea which was lovely with a stunning marble bathroom, separate loo, separate shower and a walk in dressing room. The &quot;room-boy&quot; was adorable and the bathroom cleaned and towels/robes replaced twice a day. The bed was turned down and a pair of curly Arabian slippers placed by the bed on a cotton mat. Room service was fast and my humble toasted cheese sandwich arrived on a huge tray with silver service and orchids. For me the pool area was pure heaven. Don't even think of carrying your own towels or bag to your cabana - iced water is brought regularly, as are cold guest towels, fruit kebabs and the famous sunglass cleaning service! (all complimentary). It is immaculately clean (the beach is cleaned every day too). The only people I would caution against staying here are those with a walking disability, because it is very &quot;spread out&quot; and spacious - although I am sure the hotel would arrange to have you carried everywhere!! Just a little note: Dubai is luxury hotels, shopping malls, ultra modern buildings, building sites, and desert. Not a lot else! Don't look for culture. The little museum is well worth a visit but it is more lifestyle than history. The whole country is staffed by (hardworking and polite) Indians who are shipped over, but that is another story. It is, however, extremely safe.	
Sep 6 2005	Simply the Best !!	We have just returned from a 10 night stay and the palace. All I can say is that we have stayed in some of the most Top Class hotels around the world and I have to admit this is probably one of the best. I was slightly worried when we booked as we had been warned about the building work at the Palm but can honestly say it is far enough away not to disturb the guests staying at the Palace. The Arabian Court is closer to the access road so you would hear more noise from that end.We stayed in Gold Club room and the rooms were huge with a seperate lounge area and our own bar, a huge double bed with walk in bathroom with bath and seperate walk in shower. The room was always clean and tidy as the maid comes at least 3 times aday. We had fresh fruit every day and complimentary cakes for the evening.The breakfast was also offered to us in the Gold Club lounge which was fantastic. We could sit in a quiet area and watch Tv while eating breakfast. We also had complentary free drinks between 6.00pm to 8.00pm and afternoon tea. This is good as the drinks can be a bit pricy. As it was not too busy we ate in all the restaurants and have to say that Celebrations and Eauzone were by far the best although Tangines was good for a Morrocan!! The pool area was big enough and the extra's you got included cold towels, fruit and sun glass cleaners...yes they actually come around and clean your sun glassses for you !! You truly do not have to leave this hotel they look after everything you could possibly need. The staff were always polite and nothing was every too much trouble even down to the guy who escourted us from the lift to open the door to the pool everyday!!Well worth a visit and I can definately say we will return !.	
Sep 3 2005	Just got back from best holiday ever !!!!	I've literally just stepped off the plane and had to write up a review on what I can only describe as the perfect holiday.My wife and I stayed in the Palace on a Half Board basis for seven nights. Before going we always read any new reviews posted here (I must say thanks to all of you who posted positive reviews) they where very useful and true. The Palace was great (OK there are some building works going on but dont let this put you off you cant hear anything) we ate at ALL the restraunts in the Palace and Arabian Court. Favourite has to be joint between Beach Bar &amp; Grill and Rotsserie in Araibian Court. The chef actually made my wife ice cream whilst we atre our main.Shopping is a must in Duba and the hotel provides daily FREE air-con shuttle service to various shopping mall and souks. We are seriously thinking about buying a home out there as we love the culture, food, people and weather!!!The beach is brilliant white sand, the sea is luke warm. Its like stepping into a hot tub. I aint kidding.Oh yeah dont forget the safari !	
Aug 26 2005	Didn't want to leave	We have just returned from a 4 day stay at the Palace at the One and Ony Royal Mirage in Dubai. What an amazing experience.... I almost cried when it was time to leave! The hotel is one of the most beautiful I've ever stayed in. The Arabic architecture, interiors, and landscaping made you feel like you were in a totally unique place. We forgot the outside world entirely and enjoyed the beauty and tranquility of the place. The pool was the absolute best pool we've ever been in. The ''floating'' palm trees meant that the dabbled sunlight came through without inflicting too much severe sunlight. There were lots of little nooks and cranies in the pool, so you had space to have your privacy. The restaurants were the absolute best. Based on advice from this website, we booked ahead, so reservations were no problem. We loved our dinner at Ninas, where we enjoyed one of the best Indian meals we've ever had (and we've lived in India for 6 years!). However, nothing compared to the incredible meal we had at Tangines! The food, the service, the atmosphere were all top-notch, and all made for an evening we'll remember for the rest of our lives. The staff throughout the hotel couldn't have been more gracious, and everyone remembered our names and room numbers. We'll be back, for sure!	
Aug 23 2005	one and only worst hotel experience	Following is the complaint letter submitted to hotel manager following our stay:I am writing to inform you about my complete dissatisfaction with a recent stay at one of your company’s properties. Having been enamored by the promise of a one and only experience at one of your properties, I booked a twin room at the Royal Mirage (the Palace) Dubai from June 30- July 2, 2005. With quite a wide choice of hotels available on Jumeira Beach, I chose the Royal Mirage because I thought it would be relatively less quiet than some of the hotels in the area that are marketed to families. I made my booking directly with the hotel, and the reservations agent was quite helpful in answering questions. I emphasized that I would require a twin room with two beds. I then requested a confirmation email from the agent with the details of the booking. She told me that I would receive it immediately. Assuming that that meant immediately, I expected it immediately. Unfortunately, it was not to be. I called back the next day, requesting the email once again. The agent asked if I have a fax number so she could fax the document. I called back the next day, requesting the email once again. The agent asked if I have a fax number so she could fax the document. I replied that I do not have access to a fax machine and would therefore prefer email. I waited, but the confirmation email did not arrive. I called the next day (two days after the initial booking was made) to request yet again for the confirmation email to be sent to me. The email finally arrived that evening. The email requested that a signed copy of the form be returned via fax to the hotel. I faxed the document from a public fax machine, and also scanned the signed form and sent it via email to the hotel, specifically asking them to reply to me by email as I did not have a personal fax machine. That night, a confirmation was sent to the same fax machine I had used to send the form (which, as I explained above, I had explicitly requested not be used for replying). It was only by pure coincidence that I received the confirmation fax. I then emailed the hotel explaining what had happened and asking yet again not to use the fax for any correspondence. I got an email back, confirming that only email will be used from then on, with no apology for the inconvenience this had caused me.Upon arrival at the airport, I made my way to the hotel counter for my pre-booked airport transfer. It took around 5 minutes while the agent was on the phone not informing us of how long it would take. He then led us outside, where we again waited at least 5 minutes in the sticky summer heat for the car to pull up to greet us. While in the car, we asked the driver for some water. He told us it would be in the hand rest. We opened the hand rest; no water. He apologized and said it was finished. He did not offer to stop somewhere and get water on the way. After an otherwise comfortable ride, we arrived at the hotel where the greeting and check-in service was fantastic. The agent provided full information on restaurant location, timings, etc. We double-checked with her that the room was a twin room, and she said yes. The luggage attendance then escorted us to our room (#521), and as we walked in, we saw that there was a king-size bed against a head-board. We informed him that there must be a mistake as we had asked for two beds. He told us that these were two separate beds and that he could separate them for us if we so wished. He then proceeded to basically rearrange our room while we waited, separating the beds and placing the bedside cabinet between them. This resulted in one bed being against an oversized king headboard, and the other bed being in the corner without. This seems quite a strange arrangement for what would normally be expected from a twin room, and was unacceptable given that the request had been made clear from the time of reservation. In any case, we accepted the ‘while-you-wait’ reconfiguration and tipped the attendant for his efforts.As we unpacked our belongings, we realized that once again, there was no bottled water in the room, which is the norm in Dubai hotels. We called Room Service and requested a large bottle of mineral water. They informed us that the hotel provides complementary water and that they would send some right up. That process took 20 minutes, for four bottles of water. It was evident that this room had not been adequately prepared in time for our arrival, and as per our requirements. The next day, we skipped breakfast but thought we would go down to the lounge for some coffee. There were around three tables occupied so we assumed there was service. We sat at a table and waited. And waited. There was one waitress behind the counter who did not acknowledge our presence, ten minutes later. We got frustrated with the lack of service and decided to go to the Arabian Court’s lounge. We figured, “It can’t be worse than this”. As you can probably guess, we were wrong. We sat at a table and waited. No waiters in sight. We heard clanging nearby so I went to look for someone and ended up in the kitchen asking for service. We were served, and then the waiter disappeared again. All in all, the process of having a quick cup of tea took over an hour. That evening, after a long afternoon of shopping, we decided to relax at the Residence and Spa. We called the concierge to see if they would still be serving Afternoon Tea at the Library, and he informed us that they would. So we got dressed and went down to take the shuttle. At the same time we called Housekeeping to request that they clean the bathroom and change the towels while we were gone. As we were heading out, the gentleman at the concierge came over to us and said that actually they were no longer serving tea, but that the lounge would still be open for drinks. We headed over anyway to explore the property.We made our way to the Library and seated ourselves. The waiter came over and asked us what we would like to have. We looked on the table for a menu; no menu. We had to ask for one. This was truly the one and only hotel I had ever been in at which you are not given a menu before you are asked for your order. Once we went back to the room, we discovered that the bathroom had not been cleaned as we had requested; however, some additional toiletries had been brought up. We had to call Housekeeping again to repeat our request that the bathroom be cleaned. In any case, thank goodness we were leaving the next day. We were going out for lunch and had requested a late check-out. On our way out, I asked the Reception to send a copy of the bill up to the room so we could review it quickly prior to check-out. She proceeded to print it out and promised that she would send it up immediately. Two hours later, we returned to the hotel to pack and check-out. We looked for the bill in the room; nothing. We called the Reception and informed them that their colleague had promised to send it up. We were told that they would send someone up immediately. Fifteen minutes later, there was a knock on the door. I opened the door to see a luggage attendant with a trolley. I informed him that we had requested a copy of the bill, not a trolley, and that we would call down when our luggage was ready for collection. Ten minutes later, we got the bill. This was a delay of at least three hours from the time we had requested it. So, a weekend which we had expected to be a one- of- a- kind experience turned out to be truly that; expect that the experience was miserable. The level of service, quality of the room, and ability to meet expectations were all extremely disappointing. While we, as regular tourists to Dubai, have a wide range of hotels to choose from, it is a shame for the hotel that claims to be the ‘One and Only’ to have such a wonderful physical facility but not be able to deliver on any promises in order to encourage me to be a repeat guest.I would strongly request that you take into serious consideration the events detailed above and take remedial action. A beautiful physical building with a great landscape is of little use if it is built on such a poor foundation.	
Aug 17 2005	Class...	I stayed here for a week and enjoyed the most wonderful hotel experience ever! This hotel is pure class, from the hospitality to the decor and the service all round. I loved the rotisserie restaurant (Arabic Fusion) and was delighted when the chefs were prepared to cook requests for me off the the buffet menu. Very child friendly and staff always showed a willingness to help. Cant wait to go back again!	
Aug 11 2005	fantastic birthday celebrations	We have to agree with all the other reviews on how wonderful the Royal Mirage is! Needles to repeat all the other brilliant comments, which are all of course; accurate!We went there to celebrate my 31st birthday and weren't let down at all! The service and attention to detail was outstanding, the gardens and grounds were immaculately maintained and even all scrubs are treated for minimum nuisance of insects, in fact we saw none at all! It simply oozes romance and gives a new meaning to &quot;arabian nights&quot;!The restaurants were fantastic too and “The Residence Spa” is well worth some pampering too. The room was lovely albeit a little small, next time we will try the gold floor rooms. The staff was genuinely friendly, kind and nothing was too much trouble. The morning of my birthday , a beautiful bouquet with 12 red grand prix roses was delivered to the room (in fact I thought they were from my husband!) only to find out they were from the hotel director accompanied with a handwritten birthday card! I was most impressed! Later that evening a bottle of champagne was sent to the room too compliments of the hotel to celebrate my birthday in style! The pool area was fantastic too and yes there is an overwhelming amount of construction going on but it really didn't affect us too much. The only negative we can say is because it is such a wonderful place, the hotel was fully booked and we had some difficulty booking the restaurants of our choice and had to decide the day we arrived where we would be eating every night to ensure an available table, but we hadn't seen any of the restaurants yet so it was a little difficult to decide; simply because you are spoilt for choice! I think next time we might pre-book them before we leave. We then moved on to the “Burj Al Arab” for a further 2 nights which was awesome and an experience in itself (a must-do if you can strech the budget!), however the Palace would definitely be the place where we will go back to in the future because of the beautiful tropical gardens and vast space!We would thoroughly recommend Dubai and this hotel to anyone wanting to escape the wet winter months for some guaranteed sun, sand and lots of fantastic service and excellent value for money!	
Aug 8 2005	4 nights of luxury	My husband and I spent the most fabulous 4 nights at The Palace. We could not fault the service, food and cleanliness of the hotel. We were on the special &quot;Half Board&quot; basis and were pleasantly surprised at the options available on the menu; but unfortunatley, did not have enough time to sample more of the restaurants. Absolutely loved the roof top bar at the Arabian Court (especially the Happy Hour). Unfortunately, 4 nights were definitely not enough and we plan to go back next year!	
Aug 2 2005	Amazing honeymoon!	We just returned from our honeymoon at the Palace a few days ago. I had thought that Dubai might be too hot in July, and it was hot (45C) and humid, but quite bearable especially in the magnificent surroundings of the Royal Mirage. Everything good that people have said about this hotel is true. It's a great Arabian experience...I'm really glad we chose this rather than a regular international 5 star. The arrival was wonderful. The bed and bathroom were decorated with fresh red rose petals and there were fresh flowers in the room. We were also given a complimentary breakfast in bed as honeymooners. The room was attended to 3 times a day at least, with a bowl of a variety of fresh fruit being renewed daily and the covers being turned down each night. There is a very large pool which wasn't ovecrowded, but there is also a small pool with only around a dozen loungers. We chose to go there as it was reserved for adults only, ideal when on honeymoon! There were rarely more that half a dozen people there, and when we chose to swim we were mostly the only people in the pool.The beach was idyllic, being combed daily, and the staff all beautifully turned out and impossibly friendly. We got the free HB upgrade, and yes, this doesn't cover you to dine a la carte, but the set menus are a selection from the a la carte menu and everything we had was excellent. Eauzone was our favourite - you have to cross a decking bridge across the swimming pool to get there! The food was wonderful. We both had rare lamb with five spice as part if the set menu - it was perfect. Wine from 120 dirhams for a bottle (about 20 pounds). Even the cheapest wines available were good though.The only slightly naff experience we had was outside of the hotel. We went on a dhow cruise, andI must say I wouldn't recommend it. The buffet was made up of tinned potato salad and frozen potato wedges among other things. We were charged 180 dirhams for the worst of cheap supermarket wines. Honestly, this was poor. There wasn't that much to see on the creek at night anyway and there were a lot of smokers on board who smoked all the way through the meal. If you don't mind all that, it was fine. I love being on water, but it seemed a shame that we had missed a night of wonderful luxury for that.Other reviews have given the impression that the more expensive Arabian Court and Residence &amp; Spa are more desirable. Yes, they're probably a little quieter, and perhaps the rooms are bigger (having stayed frequently in France and Italy the rooms here are large in comparison anyway) but the Palace is the most impressive in terms of sheer Arabian over-the-top-ness (gold camels, marble, size, palm trees etc.).Breakfast was a great treat. My husband loved the freshly made waffles with the huge variety of toppings and I got stuck in to the cooked breakfast with a choice of pork or turkey bacon. Most impressed that baked beans were on offer too, as in my opinion a cooked breakfast is somewhat naked without beans!We know the Burj has seven stars, but honestly, when we come back to Dubai as we surely will, we wouldn't want to stay anywhere other than the Palace.	
Jul 22 2005	Enjoyed it very much	After staying previously in the Jumeirah Beach Club for many times, we wondered how our stay in the Palace (10 nights) would be. The four of us (man, wive and two grown up sons) unamiously loved it. Spent most of our time at the beach, in the pool and at evenings we tried various restaurants. Our favorites became the Beach and Eauzone. Breakfast in Celebreties. No complaints what so ever, so who knows next year!	
Jul 17 2005	More than an Five Star	My daughter and I stayed at the Palace for five nights from 9-14 July 2005. It was Our third visit to Dubai having previously stayed at the Royal Meridien Resort and Spa in the tower rooms in 2002 &amp; 2003. The Palace compares very favourably to the Meridien even though we had standard deluxe rooms. They were slightly smaller but beautifully furnished as you would expect for this class of hotel. The service was superb and the quality of food in all the restuarants except for 'Olives' was very good. Only problem was having to wait for a table a breakfast if you got there any later than 9am, but you could always get yourself a glass of juice whilst you were waiting. The pool side service was brilliant the cold water and fresh fruit were a welcome treat in the 40 degree heat. We had some treatments in the spa which were excellent and quite good value for money compared to what you might pay in England. Dont miss the weekly cocktail party lovely cool coktails and nibbles set you up nicely for dinner! Dubai itself is one large building site. But once your in the hotel you wouldn't notice it was going on. Would return to this hotel any time. Highly recommended.	
Jul 11 2005	Still very classy	My husband and I spent 4 nights here from 3rd July 2005. We stayed here before in September 2003 and whilst the hotel is still wonderful, we did notice some changes since our last visit - noticeably that the resort has been overtaken with Brits! I suppose it's inevitable considering all the promotion that Dubai has had as a tourist resort, but if I could have halved the number of fellow Brits in the resort it would have felt more like a foreign holiday! It seems that people who previously have holidayed in the Med are now de-camping to Dubai - consequently there were lots of loud people asking for chips with everything and bagging sunbeds early in the morning then going off and leaving them. I'm sure this is now the case in all the Dubai hotels, it's not a criticism of this resort at all.Despite this, the hotel is still beautiful and there is nowhere in Dubai I would rather have stayed (although the O&amp;O Residence &amp; Spa was quieter so perhaps would consider another time).Beware of the half board option - it covers you for a buffet dinner in 2 of the restaurants, but only food up to the value of AED 110 (about GBP 18) each in the other restaurants.The staff are friendly and helpful, although appeared a little more stretched than our last visit, probably due to the resort being busier. However, we hd no complaints, it's just an observation. It was my husband's birthday during our holiday and they sent a birthday cake and card to the room free of charge which was a lovely surprise.The work on the Palm is obvious but not at all noisy. It would be more distracting at the Arabian Court, although it wouldn't prevent me staying there. There are a lot of tall buildings which have sprung up behind the Palace since our last visit which unfortunately spoils the skyline a bit but you don't get the feeling you're overlooked.The restaurants are lovely, particularly Nina's and Eau Zone and the staff were very accommodating with my vegetarian needs.All in all, a lovely hotel but let's hope it doesn't get any busier!	
Jul 3 2005	is it really 5 star	We stayed here from 17th -26th June, Found the hotel rooms to be on the small side (compared to others in Dubai) Upgraded to gold lounge but again this was slightly dissapointing compared to upgrades in Jebel Ali or Royal Meridien. Would advise anyone staying here to check the bar bill as whenever any other company joined the tables whoever asked for the bill seemed to be getting everyones bill included. Very slight noise from surrounding construction but nothing of any significance. Meals were excellent, poolside the same Poolside team constantly refilling your water glass and even getting the sunglasses cleaned. No hassle but always asked if we would like to join in poolside games and was very much a relaxing hotel.	
Jun 27 2005	Absolutely fantastic hotel	We stayed at The Palace from 25/5 to 1/6 on a 5-night half board package through Beat @ Travel. It was our first time in Dubai and we decided upon the hotel because of the favourable reviews and the meal plan.The Palace can only be described as magnificent in every way, and fully justifies it's 5 star rating. Commencing with the 'gong' to announce your arrival, then to the trouble free check in as we sipped a complimentary drink of tea in the lounge, this was just the start. All the staff were so friendly and curteous, to the point where you didn't have to think for yourself because there was always someone on hand to take care of your every need. So if it's relaxation you're after, The Palace is an ideal choice.The deluxe room was quite large and very well furnished, with a seperate dressing area, and a bathroom with a wonderful shower. Fresh flowers and figs were provided, along with water every evening when the beds were turned down and a complimentary newspaper every morning.All the restaurants we tried were superb; namely Olives (for breakfast also), Nina, Tagine, Rotisserie and Beach Bar &amp; Grill. The quality of food was very high indeed. We had no problems with making table reservations either the night before or in the morning. We did have one problem in Tagine when we had to wait for a table for around an hour, but complimentary drinks at the bar and wine with the delicious meal, along with an apology / explanation from the Restaurant Manager more than made up for this slight inconvenience.We would definitely recommend the Roof Top Bar at the Arabian Court. Fantastic surroundings from where to watch the sun set while sipping a cocktail or two.There is an efficient shuttle bus service provided by the hotel four times a day which we used to get to the Gold Souk in Old Deira and the Creek area.The complex grounds, with lush gardens, and swimming pool areas are also superb, although we chose to relax on the beach because there was a lovely breeze from the sea which made sunbathing more comfortable in the 40 degree heat.Finally, you have to see the scale of contruction work in Dubai to believe it. There is work taking place almost everywhere. Unfortunately for the One &amp; Only Resort it is pretty much in the middle of the Jumeira Palm development on the Arabian Court side and out to sea, and the Marina development behind. Having said that, it's not something the hotel is neither responsible for or can control and you wouldn't know it existed while you're in the hotel complex itself. But if you the sort of person who likes their views uninterrupted by evidence of construction, then you may be disappointed.As for us, we'd go back to The Palace anytime. Truly memorable.	
May 25 2005	royal mirage hotel v jumeriah beach hotel	We have stayed at jumeriah beach hotel 4 times since 1999 but decided that this year due to increased rates at j.b.h. we would try somewhere different. We had a gold club room at the Palace @ Royal Mirage and had a fab time. Very different from j.b.h. but equally high standards. Food in most restaurants excellent especially 'Celebrities'!!!! Pool area/beds excellent. Very romantic especially at night (lots of candles). Staff very attentive. Would def be returning but maybe upgrade to arabian court or residence (both looked EVEN nicer than palace????) if thats possible or maybe a suite at the palace (you get reserved gazebo's with sunbeds!!!). Had a quick peek inside a royal suite - WOW!! Need lottery win - please!!!!	
Apr 12 2005	Heavenly	We just returned from the Royal Mirage Palace and regretted having to get on the plane to return. Our stay was perfect from start to finish. We arrived in Dubai and our car service was waiting for us at the arrivals area and we were whisked off to the hotel in no time at all. Upon arrival at the Palace, we were lead to a seating area and they took our details for check-in while we were given cool towels and tea. Our room was beautiful, everything was looked after with such care. The room was made up everyday and the turn down service was prompt every evening. The gentleman who worked on our room was incredibly friendly and nothing was too much trouble for him. If we asked for extra towels we were given them everyday without asking. The beds were very comfortable and the whole room tastefully appointed.The pool area was great. We ended up getting out there in good time everyday as it was a busier week while we were there but the mornings were so peaceful and beautiful it was worth it. The staff at the pool were always present and brought you cold face towels, fruit in the afternoon, drinks, anything you wished for, really. The pool was perfect for dipping in and out of and the kids who were there seemed to be in there all day long. The beach was nice for walks and quick dips but we preferred to stay at the pool due to the view on to the Palm Island development which was ongoing 24-hours everyday. It was a little unsightly but you truly could not hear any of the noises from the pool or beach. You could, however, hear some banging from the buildings that were being built behind the resort. It wasn't overly unpleasant but instrusive at times when you weren't expecting it. That might be me being too picky and it is certainly nothing that the resort can do about it. The restaurants were terrific! The breakfasts always had lots of choice and delicious options. My husband had an omlette made for him every morning, which he really enjoyed. The lunches were great too. Generally we ate on the beach at the Beach Bar which had lots of healthy salads and entrees on the menu and other days we ate at the pool where you had a selection of sandwiches and salads which were always delicious. We tried pretty much every restaurant at the resort and our favourite was Celebrities. The food was divine and a nice touch at the end of the evening was the chef coming around to all the tables to ask how everyone had liked their meal and would stay and chat for a few minutes. Very nice touch - he is quite accomplished too, having worked under Gordon Ramsay and Raymond Blanc. His menu was inspired and everything looked delicious. Another restaurant that we really enjoyed was the Beach Bar and Grill. We sat outside on a beautiful evening and enjoyed the excellent food. Service at this restaurant was not as impeccible as the others but the food made it worthwhile. Definitely worth a visit is EauZone - very neat set up of tables set in pods over a pool of water. It was another excellent place to dine - lots of choice on the menu and some interesting twists in the food they serve. Tagine was interesting, not my husband's favourite but worth a visit. Additionally, make sure to visit the Roof Top Terrace. The music and ambience was terrific, as were the drinks.We would definitely visit again, and will also keep the One &amp; Only resorts in mind when we book further travels;	
Apr 2 2005	Not great with kids!		
Mar 22 2005	Impeccable Service		
Feb 20 2005	We love Dubai its our 3rd visit!!		
Feb 6 2005	This place is truly fantastic particularly if you have young choildren / babies		
Nov 25 2004	Great Hotel		
Nov 16 2004	Would be excellent if it were not for the problems with restaurant reservations		
Aug 11 2004	Fantastic hotel and resort!		
Jul 19 2004	We can't wait to return!		
Jul 10 2004	The best resort 		
Jun 9 2004	excellent hotel		
Nov 26 2009 	Un'esperienza da vivere!		
Nov 2 2009	Hotel da favola diverso dal solito		
Oct 28 2009 	La perfection		
Oct 15 2009 	sublime		
Oct 4 2009 	Traumhaftes Hotel - Lage nur durchschnittlich		
Aug 12 2009 	Einfach ein Traum!		
Apr 17 2009	Absolut top		
Feb 24 2009 	Rien à dire si ce n'est hôtel magique		
Jan 27 2009 	Paradiso per due		
Dec 30 2008 	Luna di miele da mille e una notte!!		
Dec 14 2008 	Il migliore albergo a 5 stelle da me visitato...che esperienza		
Aug 6 2008 	El paraiso existe		
Jul 14 2008 	absolut perfekt!!!		
Mar 20 2008	Einfach perfekt mit herausragendem Service		
Jul 17 2007 	Einfach Super!!!		
Jun 17 2007 	Ein Traum		
May 29 2007 	Bester Service den wir bisher in einem Hotel geniessen konnten		
