	Amazing!	Just stayed at Raffles for 3 nights and didn't want to leave! We had a lovely room with sofa area and balcony and althought we could see the highway, we couldn't hear a thing! Pool are was lovely and again, road noise did not affect us at all. Nice touches were the Reception staff who had chekced us in, calling us by Mr &amp; Mrs Sh....h everytime they saw us - now that did impress.....we didn't actually eat in the restaurents, but had sushi, shisha and cocktails one evening in the Cocktail Bar and it was a lovely chilled, relaxed atmosphere - the Bar Tender made some of the best cocktails i have ever tasted and when we were too late in getting the camera ready for a photo of a 'flaming' one - he ust went and got more alcohol and did again for us, at no extra charge.. and the cocktails were no more expensive tahn anywhere else in Dubai.... Only one tiny thing spoiled stay for us and that was trying tp print off boarding passes in the Business Lounge - 2 hours later and my husband was still trying - not really what you exepct from Hotel of this calibre... but it certainly wouldn't stop us staying again... oh and afternoon tea!!!! Amazing!1 One between 2 more than enough! We loves our stay and hopefully will be able to stay again one day.....	
Nov 16 2009 	Stylish friendly and luxurious	A wonderful 5-day stay in Raffles - a wonderful 5-star hotel in Egyptian style with a perfect location between Bastakiah and Dubai Mall and also the start of city sightseeing with The Big Bus - which is recommended! The suite was equipped with all amenities incl. coffeemachine and bathrobe. The restaurants and the swimmingpool area are very lovely with the very best service! I will definitely stay here again my next time in Dubai!	
Nov 8 2009 	Couldnt Fault It Just Superb	My wife and I made a last minute booking at Raffles as our usual hotel that we stay at in Dubai was full(The Address Downtown Burj Dubai),we werent disappointed.Check in was faultless and our room was just superb both in size, amenities and view.The staff make this hotel,nothing was to much trouble.The hotel as has been mentioned before is quite close to an 8 lane highway and can be heard from the pool area but just seemed to blend into the background and we didnt consider it a problem.The hotel adjoins Wafi Mall so there are a few eateries there to chose from.But our aim for our short braek was to just relax in the sun by the pool for a few days,the pool area and staff were brilliant and could not be faulted.We are looking forward already to our next stay at Raffles	
Oct 27 2009 	Felt as if I was going to sleep in the middle of the highway	I checked in and immediately checked out of the hotel. The location is adjacent to the highway which I could hear from my room. The pool is next to the highway. This is not relaxing. The room was lovely. To the hotel's credit, they did not charge me for the late cancellation.	
Oct 11 2009 	Understated oppulence	My husband and I have just arrived home a few hours ago from a wonderful stay at this hotel. Having trawled trip advisor for the best recommended hotels in Dubai, I decided that I didn't want something too huge and plastic, so chose Raffles. I was so pleased with my choice to celebrate my 50th birthday. The hotel is sophisticated and small enough to be personal - so many of the other huge hotels are too commercialised and impersonal, that although nice to visit for dinner, we were so pleased to 'come home' to ours at the end of the evening. Service impeccable. Our butler couldn't do enough for us (although I rather suspect that if we'd have taken him up on his offer to unpack/pack for us, it would've felt even more special... next time!)Lovely spacious room, great bathroom, FABULOUS bed, bedding and towels. The best bed we've ever had in a 5 star hotel - anywhere.Pool area and sunbeds very nice, not too big. Pool service excellent, the pool chaps bring complimentary bottled water and glasses of ice immediately you lie down, followed by iced flannels and complimentary sorbets!Only down side we felt was the buffet breakfast - not the service - that was incredible, but the hot 'English' choice wasn't as good as we're used to normally, although a lot of the guests are local and bacon and eggs probably aren't their thing!One tip though would be not to go to Dubai till at least November to Jan - it was 100 degrees during the day - too hot to sunbathe unless it's by 9 in the morning!The Wafi shopping mall attached to the hotel was beautiful but COMPLETELY DEAD! Reckon most people go to the new Dubai Mall (HUGE HUGE HUGE!) But for upmarket shops on the doorstep - Wafi was just fine.We ate in Fire and Ice (Steak restaurant) - good but also quiet and too expensive for a steak place. The Asian and Noble House looked superb, although also very quiet.All in all, would definately stay at Raffles Dubai when next time in Dubai - couldn't really fault it - excellent (and only 10 mins from the airport).	
Oct 11 2009 	Over the top and underwhelming	A mixture of haute, ritzy, bad taste, huge suites and incompetent staff. I stayed	
Oct 6 2009 	One of the best hotels in Dubai	Hard a short stay at the Raffles. Loved the location, Loved the service. But most of all, i loved the room. Big and very stylish. You cant go wrong. A must stay hotel..	
Sep 25 2009 	Amazing stay	I was staying for about 1,5 weeks at this wonderfull property. Not being a nutcase about Dubai myself, I still have to say that the hotel is fantastic. The property itself, the location, the service, food... simply outstanding. One thing I have to point out that I have never experienced such a great and eficient room service in any hotel I've stayed before. You make the call to the room service department and whatever you've ordered its fresh, crispy, hot and mega tasty in your room just 25 minutes later. The choice of restaurants and bars is phenomenal too. The staff very attentive, helpfull and genuine too.If I go back to Dubai, I will stay there, nowhere else.	
Sep 12 2009 	Outstanding Hotel	We spent 4 nights here in Sept 09.The hotel is beautiful and oozes opulence at every turn. The standard rooms are all suites and are enormous. The flat screen TV is the biggest I have ever seen in a hotel and is only let down by the quality of the signal being received on many of the channels. Why this is not addressed is a mystery as the technology must be out there some where.Each suite has a butler assigned to it and our's was Prakesh from Chenni who was very attentive and polite.We ate in both Asiana and the Noble House restaurants, both are exceptional in ambiance, quality of the food and attentiveness of the staff. Ten out of ten for them both.The stay was only marred by a business proposition (of sorts) made in the gents spa, which I declined, but I suppose this goes on where ever there is a market for it. The management were horrified when I mentioned it to them and now they are aware of the situation, they may act to discourage it.	
Aug 14 2009 	Amazing hotel	We stayed in Raffles Hotel for one week in July. The service was excellent and everything was done to make us feel at home. The rooms were luxurious and kept very clean. The bathroom was also very clean. The swimming pool area was empty most of the time so it was great having the whole pool to ourselves. However, some of the tiles in the pool were slightly hazardous so you have to be careful not to knock your toes. The food served at breakfast was a good variety and every effort was made by the staff to cater for your individual needs. There is a good range of restaurants at the adjoining Wafi City. All the shops are upmarket so are fairly expensive. On the last night of our stay we ate at the hotel restaurant Fire and Ice. Beware of how expensive it is, as we ordered a bottle of water there and afterwards found it was £11! Therefore we would recommend eating out of the hotel at dinner. Overall we had an excellent stay at Raffles and would definitely recommend this hotel if you do not like very busy, touristy hotels.	
Aug 3 2009 	Probably the best Hotel in Dubai	This has to be the best &quot;new&quot; 5* hotel in Dubai. It`s very luxurious with impeccable service, yet remians quiet and unobtrusive.Location is good, close to the airport and yet still handy for all Dubai shopping, sites etc.All accomodation are suites, starting at 50sqm so very large. I stayed in the Diplomatic suite, which at 160sqm was big enough to live in.Great reaturants, especially Asiana and bars with good views over Dubai.	
Jul 28 2009 	Not to be missed!	I went to Raffles Dubai in 2008, as my mum took my for my 18th birthday. What a brilliant treat.A quick rundown on the hotel: egyptian themed, in the shape of a pyramid, lobby is tastefully done and creates a fantastic ambience.Adjoined to the Wafi mall, which although not the best mall in dubai still provides a good location for retail therapy. The hotel is situated 10 mins from the airport.Good Points: the decor - stunning as has been aforementioned.the rooms - fantastic layout, beautiful room, comfy bed, nice day bed/sofa, and fantastic rainforest shower. Electrical appliances such as the huge plasma screen tv, and the top quality Bose Soundsystem were also a plus.the breakfast - i myself enjoy food, thus breakfast was heaven. If you are a regular traveller to Dubai and have stayed at the Jumeirah, this is comparable, if only a bit smaller. Fantastic selection of tropical fruits and pastries.Service - brilliant attentive staff, not too over-helpful. They hailed taxis extremely efficiently .Bad points- Location - Although not too bad, it is located some distance from Dubai's main attractions i.e Shiekh Zayed Rd, Mall of Emirates and the Palm/Marina-Check In - Was a bit tedious although this was to be expected as we arrived in dubai at 5am.Overall, a fantastic trip, and if I had the chance to go back there, i most certainly would.	
Jul 22 2009 	Needs alot to ba in par with the elite of Dubai hotels.....	The hotel gives you high expectation before checking-in, but as soon as you check-in you would know that the raffles still needs alot to learn to be an excellent hotel....The check-in person was weird...he checked us in then he said that he will accompany us to the room....ok thats good, but, all the way to our room from the lobby until he gave me the room key he did not even say a WORD!!!!! Nothing!!!The room that we checked in was on the 9th floor...Good spacious room but the A/C was not working well!!! I don't know how a new 5star hotel would check in a guest to a room that they know the A/C is not working well!!! Also the mini bar was not cooling good!!!! Anyways after contacting the manager i was transferred to a room on the 13th floor.... The service at the Raffles is so slow, anything we requested from the room we had to call atleast 2-3 times to remind them they are late for them to deliver!!The good things at the Raffles are:-Good size Rooms + Nice Bathroom...-T.V. screen size is great...+the variety of the channels available....-Location next to Wafi Mall and easy to reach access...Overall, i would say that the Raffles is a good hotel that still needs alot to be an excellent hotel specially in Dubai when you have excellent solid choices to compete with.....	
Jun 25 2009 	Far from the maddening crowd	When I booked my stay at Raffles Dubai I went through agonies thinking it might be tacky and gimmicky like a theme park. How very wrong I was.Arriving in the airline limo we entered a cool and vast atrium with massive columns and a waterfall feature flowing down into a shallow pool and interspersed with beautiful chandeliers. Check-in was quick and painless then we were escorted to our suite by our butler.The suite is huge! Gigantic (and way cool) bathroom, excellent terrace, a sizeable sofa and a very comfortable bed makes this possibly the best accomodation in Dubai. We were overloooking the pool and had the skyline of downtown Dubai as our horizon. Some people have commented on traffic noise but with the doors to the terrace closed I couldn't hear a thing.Possibly the best thing about the hotel is the tranquility and quiet opulence. I had considered staying at either Atlantis or Al Qasr. Visited both and was horrified by the hordes of visitors crowding all the public areas; madness!Breakfast was taken outside and was a sumptious treat of both western and Arabic foods prepared and presented flawlessly.Loved the pool with it's clock waterfalls, swim up bar and spa. Spent our final afternoon there having battled our way round the adjoining mall.Wouldn't hesitate to stay at Raffles Dubai again. In fact, I think I prefer it to the Singapore original!	
Jun 5 2009 	Absolute Comfort and Hospitality	This is a perfect hotel in terms of buildings interior design, hotel room, facilities, service excellence. You get the feeling that everybody shows personal effort to make you comfortable during your stay. There is always someone around to serve, lead you within seconds whereever you are in the hotel. Laundry, room service, internet is speedy. Rooms are silent. Coffee making facility is good quality. Multi channel, large screen LCD TV, spacious bathroom, balcony with a perfect view make you want to stay in room. It's direct access to Wafi City mall is another advantage. It's possible to spend a few days without going out, and enjoying the facilities such as SPA, pool, fitness area.	
May 23 2009 	Raffles - And i thought I ave seen the most beatiful rooms in dubai :)	from the time you enter your room, you will know your in for a treat, great decoration and structured for having nice time out, I like mix between egyption, arabic and modern decoration. The resturants are nice, Swimming pool is amazing, SPA is ok and pricey have seen much better, their top floor club is good, but the crowed is not that interestig .	
May 6 2009 	Beautiful but not a peaceful retreat	Spectacular hotel, incredible luxury set-up although just a little remote - not near beach, not near city centre but good for airport. If looking for a relaxed chill out maybe not ideal as although rooms outstanding, bars &amp; restaurants excellent (if pricey) and pool/spa super all slightly suffer from noise. Very busy roads surround hotel and traffic can be noticable; by pool and in some rooms. Top tip - ask for a garden view room. Rooms also not terribly well sound-proofed - may be pyramid shape problem? But neighbours audible, nightclub beat apparent and whilst more irritating than wildly annoying a little less than 5*On WAFI Mall which has a few good restaurants - Carters, Ashok (excellent indian) &amp; super Arabic restaurant in lower floor Souk. Another tip is to get WAFI Mall discount card as it secures discounts on food &amp; drinks - ask at Mall desk. Recommend for short stay.Avoid Big Bus Tour of Dubai... long, uninteresting dual carriageways between shopping malls!	
May 4 2009 	Great hotel - and not as tacky as we had feared!	On seeing the pictures of the hotel and the neighbouring Wafi Mall we were a little concerned that the whole Egyptian theme would make the place really tacky (even by Dubai standards). On arrival therefore we were pleasantly surprised that the hotel inside is lovely and the 'Egyptian' themeing is not OTT. The Signature suite we booked was lovely, spacious and spotlessly clean. Toiletries ny Pehnhaligans got a big thumbs up. Our rate included breakfast which was catered to every need from Asian to European and obviosuly Arabic. That said not sure we'd have paid the circa 50 pound for 2 if it wasn't included (there are much cheaper alternatives in the Wafi mall if you don't get an inclusve deal.The pool area is a little small but as the hotel was quiet there was usually under a dozen people out there (when checking in we were told the hotel was quiet busy but were then told occupancy was at about 50%!). Note - it is beside a busy road but the noise isn't bad and there is no construction in the immediate area. Also the hotel is quite near the airport but you hardly ever see or hear a plane. It is quite a way from the beach and downtown.Would recommend the Asiana restuarant which has a terrace with stunning views over downtown Dubai. Not the cheapest meal - but well worth it.Problems - we had a problem with the booking (not caused by the hotel but the travel agent). At first they didn't want to help (surely a 5star hotel would want to help resolve) - but after speaking to Layana and Caroline at reception they helped and confirmed when everything was resolved.	
May 2 2009 	CLUB facilities sorry but not worth the extra grand.	We spent 2 weeks over in dubai last july we thought we would spend one week at the marina and beach front at the Grosvenor house hotel and do shopping on our second week while i golfed at the dubai creek golf course and stay at the new Raffles hotel in the inc signature suites .The suite was lovely and our butler took us for a guided tour around the hotel after we unpacked.For the rest of the day we spent down at the pool which was very relaxing and quiet .That night we went into the club lounge and asked to take a seat and someone would come and take our drinks order 20 mins later we got our drink and also shown to the buffet table which to our dis beleive was EG nuts ,small breads with pate and small amounts of cheese ,i then asked if it was quiet in the hotel and was told there was only another few people staying in the club rooms .We only got 3 drinks each per night if i was lucky and the same buffet as well ,definitely not a patch on the Grosvenor house club facilities which we had on our first week,and can ijust say Mr park and his staff were very attentive considering he had two places to keep going and both club room and bar 44 were very busy and the food for the club room varied every day.AS the staff in raffles took 20 mins to serve 1beer and a glass of champagne we felt that with it being so empty we felt we had to do the asking for another drink.THis is not what i would expect from the hotel mark of raffles the hotel was not just quiet but sorry to say DEAD,We love dubai overall but we even left the hotel for a night and went into Abu dhabi and had a better stay at the al beri which was very nice.We do not complain atoll but when you have spent 1,000 pounds on top of your room charge for club facilities then you want value for money .I must admit it is dear out there for drink at 8 pounds a pint but this was just a ripoff lovely hotel ,great rooms good food but not for club at raffles.	
Feb 13 2009	Raffles Dubai exceeded all our expectations	Last minute booking for 5 nights for my 50th birthday at New Year. Lovely flowers, champagne and chocolate cake waiting for me. Spacious very comfortable suite with balcony. Staff were without exception helpful, friendly, knowledgeable and efficient. Loved the Impressive Egyptian-themed lobby. Yes there is bling but it's Dubai!!!!! and we expected this. Fabulous pool. Excellent dining in the Azur Restaurant. Very convenient location for the Dubai &quot;Big Bus&quot; tour and the Wafi Shopping Centre.	
Feb 9 2009 	Incredible Hotel	What an amazing hotel. One of the best I have ever stayed in.We picked up from the airport by a very professional driver in a great car. Lobby of the hotel is very impressive and we were allowed to check in early.We were given a fantastic suite that had a butler on call all of the time. Room was very generous size and finished to a very high quality.Bars and restaurants in the hotel were very good - particularly the Chinese restaurant.I loved this place.	
Dec 18 2008	Not at all happy with this hotel	I was so disappointed and frustrated with this hotel. We booked it because of the great reviews here but sadly, this place is really lacking next to the Al Qasr where we have also stayed. The Al Qasr was worth every cent, but not here. I fact, I wanted to check out of Raffles and go back to the AQ but my husband didn't want to pack up and move again.Why am I not happy? There is no wow factor to begin with. The rooms are nothing special. They are nice, but I find it an odd shape and the bed is very uncomfortable. There is no door to the toilet. I find this a major design flaw as not everyone is comfortable doing their business in front of the other person who may also be in the bathroom at the same time. I was also dismayed to see no kettle and teabags. It's the simple things you want to see. Sure, there was a fancy coffee maker, but not everyone drinks coffee. The lights on the balcony were not working and the bathroom door was broken on arrival. The butler was called to bring up the missing ironing board and iron, the kettle, the teabags and to fix the lights. If this hotel did not have this price tag then the ubove would not be a big deal. It is all relative after all. However you pay big money to be here. I expect the simple things to be there. It is not hard to have a few lousy teabags in place. I could not fault the Al Qsar. It was in a similar price range. Go there, not here. It was truly a first class experience and I will go there again in future. I would not recommend the Raffles to friends and family and I couldn't wait to leave.	
Nov 23 2008 	Out of the world!	Stayed at the hotel (room 1118) from 19 Nov - 22 Nov 08. Amazing service, gorgeous room. Lovely L-shaped cushion. Found the Egyptian decor refreshing from the Raffles Singapore, and the Raffles (Angkor Wat). There was an amazing choice of complimentary lavazza coffee, and a coffee machine in the room too! Pity i don't take coffee. The pool has an interesting water clock that tells the time too. F&amp;B: Found the breakfast spread a little limited - but the food's good. NewAsiaBar is nice - didn't hang out there but took a tour of the hotel's facilities. The Chinese restaurant, Noble House is interesting with it's high-back chairs. Didn't try the restaurant as being a Singaporean Chinese, i can definitely get better Chinese food back in Singapore. It's extremely convenient as it's pretty near the airport, is connected to WAFI, a mall. All in all, shopping in Dubai is expensive - but for really good deals, do head out to the Dubai Factory Outlet. Very good deals can be found there if you look hard enough.Would definitely go back to the Raffles Dubai if i get a chance again. When in WAFI, do remember to check out the Arabian Souk at the basement where they've segmented market-style shops for souvenirs. The stalls are divided into Turkish, Syrian, Egyptian quarters. Other activities to do in Dubai would be to do dune bashing. :)	
Nov 11 2008 	Amazing!!!!!!!!	Spent the weekend in Raffles to celebrate my sons 18th Birthday, what can i say, hotel fantastic, food amazing, staff wonderful.The decor of the hotel is breath-taking, the pool is fabulous, the staff in Fire and ice restaurant ...outstanding.Cant wait to go back.	
Nov 7 2008	Absolutely fantastic !	We stayed at the Raffles Dubai for a week in Oct this year for my birthday treat. It certainly was an absolute treat ! We have stayed in other hotels in Dubai and at Raffles in Singapore. This was the best hotel in Dubai (we have previously stayed in the Meridien and Jumeirah Beach Hotel in previous years) I put my birthday cards out on the table on my birthday and went to the pool. On my return there was a beautiful birthday cake waiting for me, courtesy of the hotel! Our suite was lovely and we had the services of a butler should we need anything. The staff throughout were so pleasant and helpful and genuinely friendly. Breakfast out on the terrace in the restaurant was a lovely start to the day. The pool was perfect and the staff around the pool couldnt do more for us. They brought round little drinks and treats every day. The front of house staff were always on hand to help us get taxis and help with our packages when we returned from shopping trips !. They got to know us and and were always ready to get anything we needed. We cant wait to return which we absolutely intend to do. A most fantastic holiday break.	
Nov 2 2008 	Not allowed in unless you dressed like a milionaire	I had a friend visit me and the most shocking thing was they didn't allow him in to the hotel just because they have a ridiculous dress code to even enter the hotel lobby. So I was forced to meet him outside the hotel in the blistering heat. You'd think with the amount they charge at this place, you would be allow to have friends visit you who are not dressed like a millionaire.Overall a luxurious hotel.. a bit over the top in terms of the decor.	
Oct 26 2008 	shorts not allowed	Turning up ast Raffles Hotel Dubai for a meeting at 9.00 am on the 16 th Oct, was refused entryinto the hotel because.......i was wearing shorts..these were tailored expensive shorts.... along with Tommy HIlfiger golf shirt and nike training shoes..all in all really quite dashing........Subsequent my colleague , on being summoned to the front door, not even inside but outside .....and a paying guest at the hotel, came downstarirs and gained me entrance then ensued another melee to get me to the third floor restaurant..for the breakfast buffet .....which BTW was 5 Star Normal only....i wanted to see his suite but that may have needed an act of god.... so we hurried out of the hotel..me quite amused my colleague less so.....For me was an amusing Dubai expirience , quite unflattering to the hotel really, and completely unnessesary....... The old adage pride comes before a fall seems apt.....	
Sep 21 2008 	Excellent City Hotel	When i normally travel to Dubai it is normally flying through on vacation so i am normally by the beach. I recently had business in the city so wanted to be close to the city and the airport, so i spent some time at raffles having stayed at their singapore hotel.The Dubai hotel is is attached to the Wafi shoppping mall. Architectually it is designed as a pyramid which may or may not be to your taste. Similarly on the inside it has an Egyptian decor. Overlooking all that, the hotel is very good. The location and proximaty to the airport and the city make it a good location.The service is the by far the best part. The staff are very accomadating. I didn't get to use the leisure facilities of the hotel but they appeared to be excellent.Similarly the food in the restaurants is of an equally high standard. I was at the hotel during Ramadan so eating food openly is frowned on, infact i beleive you can be fined if you eat outside.The rooms are all suite and are nicely laid out. My only complaint was that the beds are quite firm.	
Aug 22 2008 	Top rate hotel in Dubai	We travel to Dubai often for business and always enjoy the hotels. The staff (mostly Asian) is super friendly and the facilities are new and designer. The Raffles is no exception. This particular property has a very different look from the original property in Singapore, but the quality of service measures equally high. The lobby of the hotel looks like an Egyptian temple, beautiful lighting and marble everywhere. The room is very large (every room in the hotel is a suite I believe) and the bathroom is also big, with jacuzzi size bathtub and separate shower. The toiletiries are from Raffle's own brand.The bed is extremely comfortable and there is complimentary coffee making facilities (no tea), though we couldn't figure out how to use it ourselves, but a quick phone call solved that problem. My only criticism is the flat screen television is located above the bar area, so if you're watching TV from your bed, the view is not the most optimal, and it's not possible to watch from the bath tub.The buffet breakfast was a highlight--- a huge assortiment of Western, Asian and Middle Eastern samplings. I like eating Asian all the time, so I really enjoyed the spicy nasi goreng that was available. You can also order omeletes or pancakes.The laundry service was very efficient. I gave them our dry cleaning late morning and it came back in the same evening even though we did not request express service.We also ate at the Chinese restaurant at the hotel--- voted the best restaurant of Dubai in 2008. Excellent food and great view, though pricey (relative to the cost of the hotel, which was very reasonable).	
Jul 7 2008 	Brand Identiy Crisis: Heaven and Hell in Dubai	We stayed there for part of our honeymoon.HellWhoever decorated this monstrosity should be fired. Period. I understand that the hotel is in an Egyptian themed mall and that the shape had to be a pyramid, but there is no reason that the Raffles image of refined luxury has to be tarnished with Dubai gaudiness and lack of taste and tired ancient Egyptian theme. The comparisons to the Luxur are inevitable, with the fake hieroglyphics and all among many other poor decisions.HeavenThe staff was amazing every step of the way and they went out of their way to make our trip amazing. The rooms were very nice, but the bed was unusually hard for such a nice hotel. The room also felt much smaller than the standard rooms at the Beverly Hills Raffles. I am not sure if the Raffles Brand will be able to survive this huge mistake.	
Jun 7 2008 	Pure Luxury	We wanted a Christmas to New Year break and was booking very late. The Burj Al Arab was fully booked and I wanted Luxury! I then saw The Raffles had just been completed (November 2007), so we booked for 8 nights from 23rd December. We had an overnight flight and when we arrived we had a courtesy limousine pick us up from the airport (about 10 minutes away) and immediately gave us bottles of cold water to refresh ourselves. On arrival at the hotel, as we had booked a Club suite, we were immediately taken up to the 10th floor for executive check in where we could sit at a desk and were given tea whilst we checked in! Once the formalities were done, we were shown to our room by our butler and our luggage was already there. The room was fabulous! The hotel is set back from the sea and therefore, the views are of the city which is a bit urban but during the night is beautiful with all the lights. Dubai is so VERY CLEAN and the the hotel was spotless! The whole ambience is brethtaking. There were still a few finishing touches being put to the hotel and one or two areas were unopened but this was minor. We worked out every day in the gym and the personal trainer was excellent. I enjoyed the fabulous spa a couple of times and the treatments were out of this world! ALL the staff (95% non Arab) were friendly, curteous, non intrusive, very helpful and always seemed to be there when we wanted someone! Now the restaurants were something else! The food in even the standard restaurant was out of this world. Buffet breakfast, lunch and dinners with indoor and outdoor tables. We ate a couple of times on 19th floor with breathtaking views in the Chinese restaurant and I can honestly say that we had never tasted food like it. It was not cheap but sooooo good, we went for a second night! We were so impressed with the quality and choice of the restaurants available in the hotel, we never ventured out to eat! I would recommend this hotel for sheer luxury, pure indulgence, quality and 100% being spoilt!	
May 5 2008 	Substance over form: no style/super service/super dining	Who: me and my husbandWhen: May 2nd-4th 2008 (2nights)Room: Raffles Suite 1005, 10th floorOccasion: trip of Oman and DubaiOther hotels in this trip: Six Senses Zighy Bay, The Chedi MuscatOk, it's Dubai, ok I knew it was linked to the Wafi mall, had a pyramid shape and an ancient egypt theme, but considering Raffles Singapore - and right after a suite at The Chedi Muscat - we had a bit of a style-shock when we arrived. First comment: it's Las Vegas in the 80's! Nevertheless I must admit that the Raffles was able to make me forget its bad taste design thanks to a unique service and two unforgettable dining experiences.PLUS- Service and staff: very helpful, always (even too much, sometimes you have the feeling they're too much 'there', probably the perfect service is attentive but 'invisible'). Anyway they make you feel like..Ramses The Great.- Position for Dubai sightseeing: the big bus tourist service (never thought I would have used it but - again - it works!) starts in front of the Wafi, both red and blue lines. And of course for shopping at the Wafi.- The Noble House, the fine Chinese restaurant on the 17th floor, simply amazing (calculate 100 euros/person)- Fire and Ice - cellar and grill. Excellent gourmet restaurant, nice ambience (calculate 100 euros/person)- Room size, or better suite size, in fact it's a allsuites hotel.- Very close to the airport, 10'.MINUS- Bad taste design, really kitch. Goes better in the monumental lobby where the Ancient Egypt theme finds its ideal place and at Fire and Ice restaurant, out of the theme.- No beach (but this you know while booking..), no outside spaces except for the interesting botanical garden whose trees are too young now to appreciate.- No superview, as it's not in a Dubai 'supertower', but a good compromise I guess compared to a 'flat' property. Nice view from the terrace next to the Noble House restaurant, 17th floor.- Rates: minimum official rate is 2200 AED/room so in the upper price positioning of Dubai 5 stars hotels, being a allsuites hotel. Our rate was 2800 AED/room with breakfast and airport trasfer.Unfortunately I haven't tried Amrita Spa.SUGGESTIONSGo if you wanna feel like Ramses II and have a dinner like a Chinese emperor, all in Dubai, Twenty-first century.	
Apr 24 2008 	1st class service!!!	We stayed at Raffles for 4 nights from the 25/3/08. The hotel lobby is absolutley stunning, even more impressive than the Burj. We stayed in a standard room, which was stylishly decorated, with a large flat screen TV and a lovely bathroom. For a standard room it was huge. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and were always willing to help. Whatever you wanted you could have. I think they would have even put my suncream on if I had asked!!! The only thing I would say is that eating and drinking at the hotel is very expensive. Overall an excellent hotel, superb rooms and first class service.	
Apr 20 2008 	Raffles  great friendly place	We stayed at Raffles dubai - April 5 to 16th 2008. The Hotel itself is great - very large and spacious. As with all hotels in Dubai - everywhere is air conditioned.The room, although a standard room was very large with plenty of space - considering my partner needs use of wheelchair most of the time - we normally have problems within rooms maneuvering .... Raffles no problem, huge room. The bathroom had twin sinks , a corner bath and a separate walk-in shower. The shower had a seat - which really held for someone with mobility problems. The balcony overlooked the pool and had two wicker chairs , table and foot stools.The room also had butler service to bring you anything you needed. They provided us with a daily free fruit bowl - with a huge range of fruit. They would also leave evening nibbles ranging from shrimp to arabic sweets. The room was cleaned once a day , but the towels etc were changed twice ( or more ).The pool area - accessed from the 4th Floor via the Spa was fully wheelchair accessible - there were ramps and slopes accessing into the pool. The pool has a shallow end , with three slopes down to it - all had good handles. There is seating area in the pool around the bar and it is in the shade. The pool also has a &quot;bubbly pool&quot; area. Outside of the main pool are two swim pools where the water is pumped quickly - so when you swim you stay in the same place. There is also a spa pool outside. The pool area has a seating/restaurant area. There were plenty of sun beds and towels were provided. On amazing feature of the pool was the pavement around it - always cool ( refrigerated ), so even exposed pavement in the sun didn't burn your feet.The hotels main &quot;buffet&quot; restaurant was on floor 3 - we mainly used it for breakfast. Very good selection of food and extremely friendly staff. The evening buffet , very good food but unless you plan to eat alot is a little expensive for every night ( 225 Dhs each ). Again no problems for wheelchairs. Just along from this was the cocktail bar and access to the gardens.The lobby had the front desk but also the Raffles saloon bar - with sofa type seating and coffee tables. Towards the back are higher tables but no slopes for wheelchair access - but the staff were friendly and always willing to help get up the two small steps. Servers coffee , a 24hr food menu and CAKES !!! Also many arabic sweets and chocolates.There is a central area where all 4 lifts to the rooms are .... the lifts are very large and can easily take wheelchairs. They were relatively quick arriving - but then as we were on holiday we probably were not using them at peak business hours. There are another two lifts for access to the top restaurants - Chinese, Asian and Champaign bar.Access to WAFI shopping center is directly from the Lobby onto level 1. We often used taxis to travel around Dubai - the staff managed to get us cabs really quickly from the front entrance.Overall the hotel was excellent - all the staff greeted us as we passed and really could not do enough to help. For anyone with reduced mobility or wheelchair bound , this hotel should not give you any issues.	
Apr 4 2008 	amazing!!!	this is the best luxurious new hotel in dubai at the moment....and the service..the staff literarly would have picked me off the floor and carried me to my room if i requested.........the smallest room in the hotel is as big as a suite in other hotels and the interiors r a work of art..beds r very comfy and the balcony r so spacious it can fit an elephant sitting down..there is a easy access to wafi mall which is one of the luxurious malls in dubai that carries designer brands..i simply loved it.	
Mar 17 2008 	good but not great...	This hotel opened in Nov 07 so was less than 6 months old at the time of my 2 night stay. Only 10 minutes cab ride from the airport in the wafi city complex, but a trek from the beach and the other big shopping malls.The reception area is awe inspiring, more so than the burj I think, huge columns, massive glass wall, seating areas all in a luxurious egyptian theme. F.desk were speedy and we were soon on the way to our room on the 6th floor. Our bags were not so quick and had to call twice to urge them on. I think for such a large hotel there is a lack of lifts, the hotel was quiet during our stay but still had to wait long periods even during non peak hours, makes me wonder what it will be like when full....Our standard room was superb, very quiet, balcony overlooking the gardens/pyramids, walk in closet, big bathroom, desk, nice seating area, good bed...and a butler not -that we have any need for one...can't imagine having someone unpack my case etc.Although new I found the styling a little old fashioned but it has to be said great quality and service excellent, fruit replenished every day, room service food good and prompt.We ate in 3 of the restaurants....Azur for breakfast ( not included in rate) was very good, buffet style with hot dishes cooked to order and brought to table.Asiana for lunch, asian dishes, short menu, starters were great but mains lacked flavour and punch for both of us...just ok.Fire &amp; Ice Grill for dinner...eclectic menu...some interesting amuse, I was craving red meat so had steak, perfectly ok, tiny side dishes, service average i thought...disappointing...ended up ordering room service as still hungry....!Didn't use the spa, my wife used the pool and said it was fab and she is discerning !I have only given a 3 because wasn't really blown away, you are paying big bucks to stay here so expect really good service in all aspects.	
Mar 12 2008 	L-u-x-u-r-y	Went to watch the ATP Dubai Tennis Championships with a friend and we decided to explore and stay here since it was a new hotel. We chose the hotel over the Grosvenor hotel and looking back; it was worth it! New hotel and totally luxurious! You even get a butler! There was no breakfast with the package though which is strange for a Dubai hotel. Also, it's difficult getting taxis from the hotel - maybe because it's new. You could wait sometimes for up to 30 minutes to get a taxi!The reception is beautiful, huge and very inviting. The lifts are a work of art esp. the one that runs with the garden in view. The rooms are big and so is the bathroom.A little expensive for the time of the year but we decided to treat it as a splurge!	
Jan 4 2008 	Wow...	I travel to Dubai every new year almost with a bunch of friends and every year i try to stay at a different hotel, usually by the beach butI left it too late this time and couldn't find anywhere decent by the beach, i checked out the Raffles and having been to their legendary property in Singapore, I booked a grand stateroom (which is their standard room) over their website for a period of 4 nights. I requsted a room on a high floor, near the elevators and a check in as early as 7 am. I was given all the three as i checked in. The room was breathtaking, the furnishing, the bathroom and the generous balcony. The standard rooms are almost 70 sq meters if you include the balcony, that's bigger than an average one bedroom suite in a European 5 star. The service was wonderful, a bit too much at times. The housekeeping and that extra detail when making up the room was amazing. The quality of the room service was also wonderful. The pool was very nice but unfortunately very quiet as was the rest of the hotel, mainly because It's a new property. All in all, probably the best city hotel I've stayed at in Dubai and probably the most amazing standard rooms I've ever seen.	
Oct 2 2009 	gorgeous!!		
Aug 9 2009 	Bestes Stadthotel in Dubai		
Nov 12 2008 	Très bel hôtelservice et restaurants remarquables		
May 11 2008	Le luxe et plus...		
