Nov 8 2009 	Not be revisited or recommended	We visited Dubai and stayed at two different hotels.Start of our holiday stayed at 4point Sheraton on Sheikh Zahid road. That was with a group of five family members a good stay. Then as my brother and I were left to fly back 2 days later, we changed hotels to Sun and Sand.To start the check in took more than an hour. It was manual; they were calling various people to confirm our booking. We had booked and prepaid for our stay via lastminute. Receptionist was first unable to find any reservation. Then managed this by calling various offices, she was very unhelpful. Then demanded to keep our passports, which I refused.On the hotel would say it has dated decor. The hallways smelled bad, the carpet was old and dirty. The room was spacious however, dated decor, bed cover old and dirty.Due to the smell in the hallway, it was hard to breathe in the room.Service and room hygiene were poor.Location is ok.	
Jul 29 2009 	Good hotel	It seems to me a very good hotel.The staff was very friendly and helpful, the breakfast was ok with normal kinds of food: omlets( made in front of you,with all kinds of combinations of vegetables) , tomatoes, sausages, croissants, pancakes, caffe, milk, etc..The pool was nice, a little one, but nice.The bathroom was not very clean, but you can ask nicely to clean it for you again and to change the towels again if you are not conviced that they are ok.The rooms are designed with good taste. In the lobby the internet was free(and this is a great thing!).	
Mar 7 2008 	12km to the beach	The hotel is conveniently located for most of the major attractions of Dubai but the staff were unfriendly and abrupt right from the moment I arrived at the hotel. Our passports were taken from us in order to fulfil &quot;police requirements&quot;. The breakfast restaurant was adequate with a buffet of not very appetising surprises and the staff were only very vaguely interested in the guests. When we asked the porter to call a taxi he tried to add an extra 50% to the fare so as to compensate his effort. At the pool bar the resident Doctor Do-Little watched tv, smoked and gawked at female swimmers.All in all a clean place with close proximity to a good range of restaurants but don't expect a welcome from the staff.	
Nov 13 2007 	Very disappointing	When a colleague and I unexpectedly found ourselves stranded in Dubai for a day, we asked Marhaba Services at Dubai Airport to reserve us a 4-star hotel. We were assigned to the Sun and Sands Hotel. I travel a great deal, and believe me this is no 4-star hotel. And don't let the hotel's name fool you - although Dubai is a beach destination, the only sand around this property is that to be found strewn about the big construction site across the street! There were burn holes in the sheets and bedspread in my room, and the bathroom fixtures were old and corroded. The water never got even warm, let alone hot, no matter how long I let it run in the shower. Furthermore, my colleague reported that when he took a shower, he was struck hard in the back of his head because the entire shower head flew off! When he was checking out, a staff member actually came up and grabbed him by his shirt, showed him the shower head (which he had left in his room), and accused him of destroying it!Some of the restaurants in the hotel were closed and the ones that were open looked very unappealing and empty. There did not appear to be many other dining options in the neighborhood, which is hard to navigate due to current road construction. We ended up going to lunch at the nearby Mayfair Hotel, which has an excellent buffet and very helpful staff. I can also recommend the Al Safadi restaurant, which has excellent Lebanese food - it's about a 5-10 minute walk through a veritable obstacle course of traffic barriers (ask staff for directions). If you manage to get there without being run over, the food is quite good and reasonably priced.The pounding noise from the disco (or discos) at the Sun and Sands made sleep difficult to impossible (we were on the first floor), and the staff couldn't have cared less when we complained. The promised “broadband” Internet was also non-existent--after spending nearly $20 for an Internet access card and then waiting in the business center for nearly 10 minutes to get even one web page to load only partially, I gave up in frustration. Again, the staff did not care. To top it all off, on the way out of town, my colleague nearly missed his flight because the hotel shuttle back to the airport made a long detour without prior warning to drop some other guests off at the beach.As noted by the previous reviewer, this hotel seems to cater to a clientele from Iran and various Arab countries - I also saw numerous Russians. By their standards, this might qualify as 4-star, but my colleague and I found the place very disappointing in quality and not at all worth the price of slightly more than $200 per night that we paid (and this was a discount over their outrageous posted rack rates of $327 per night!).	
Oct 31 2007 	Sun and Sands - Won't be visting again	Spent 7 nights at the Sun and Sands Hotel in October 2007Situated in Deira, the old part of Dubai, this is a bit off the beaten track if you want to be nearer the newer parts such as Bur Dubai and Jumeirah thus we spent most of our time getting in and out of taxi's (which were not always easy to get because of the hotels location).The reception staff were inattentive and seemed generally disinterested in us. This may have been a cultural issue as we may have been the only Europeans staying there. The other guests were either Arabic or Iranian.Well decorated throughout all the rooms had a good sense of elegance except for the Churchill Bar just off the reception which looked like a tacky games room with two pool tables and electronic games. Not bad food there though.Bedrooms were a reasonable size. Two double beds, table and two smallarmchairs. Very clean throughout, especially the bathroom which againwas a good size with various complementary toiletries. No tea and coffee making facilities which was a disappointment but not the end of the world as there was an excellent room service menu from which you could get a pot of coffee for about £1 - not bad I thought!Limited TV channels if you want to watch it, and those that were in English had a very poor reception. Did not bother us as Dubai has more to offer that than sitting in your hotel room.No real entertainment in the hotel. They boast two nightclubs on the same floor, one Russian the other Arabian. Neither gave us a warm welcome so did not stay.Not sure what the restaurants were like as did not go but they lookednice when we looked in. Breakfast came as part of the deal but did not get down once to try it, as out until all hours enjoying all thatDubai has to offer.Overall this is an average hotel with not the best staff I have ever encountered which, in our opinion, is also not in the best location to maximise your stay in Dubai..	
