Nov 4 2009 	Hyatt Gold Passport Fails to Deliver	On a recent business trip to Grand Hyatt Dubai, had one of those experiences, where you can't but feel rather taken advantage of by the hotel group.As a regular Hyatt guest, I hold a Platinum level 'Hyatt Gold Passport', which it says everywhere that, entitles me to a 'Guaranteed Room within 72 hours'.However, don't be fooled by this 'value promis'.It turns out, that 'room' in this casem, was either a suite at a whopping 4 times normal room rate, or the Presidential Suite, at 10 times the normal room rate!As a 12 year Hyatt veteran, how could one NOT feel shortchanged, and taken for a ride!Needless to say, the GP (Gold Passport) phone staff, based out of, seemingly somewhere near Timbuktu, were of no help, showed no desire to resolve this situation, nor appeared to possess an emphathetic bone in their body.However, I would recommend the Westin Mine Seyahi at the Jumeriah Beach Resort as a nice alternative to the Hyatts in Dubai...	
Oct 26 2009 	Excellent and Grand.........	This was my second stay at the grand hyatt Dubai.... I had the Ambassador Suite this time which was excellent.... The view over the Creek side is just Amazing... you can see the creek park and the Creek plus the Creek golf club and Park Hyatt all in 1 Frame!!! What a greta View to have in Dubai....The hotel itself is really Grand, the lobby is just spectacular and the forest inside the Atrium with the water falls are fun to look at and walk through them....The location is good because it has easy access meaning that you will not get stuck in any traffic jams and plus you have the upscale WAFI Mall within 2 minutes taxi ride...In conclusion this hotel offers alot and it is for sure 1 of the top hotels in Dubai....	
Oct 17 2009 	An excellent base to explore dubai	Very large, aimed at the business community.Ideal for a 2/3/4 day visit if a tourist.Not for a beach holiday.7th floor for smokers.If full, you are unable to get into your room before 2pm.Arriving on an early flight could be a problem.Excellent facilities including a pleasant pool area.Very difficult to walk nearby-roadworks.Taxi/hotel bus are main options.	
Jul 25 2009 	its an Amazing experience....	Hyatt is the best hotel to live in anywhere in the world...specially in dubai...ambiance.environment comfort,...u name it and its there at its best...:)highly recomended by me..	
Jun 13 2009 	excellent restaurants	Grand Hyatt is really grand!Very nice ambience. Many restaurants offering varied cuisines.The breakfast buffet was super... we were spoilt for choice.The pool area &amp; fitness center &amp; spa was great.We were given a service apartment instead of 2 adjoining rooms (in spite of advance reservation) and this suited us fine. Our apartment was extremely well furnished and very spacious. The bathrooms were very luxurious too. Service was excellent. Great option for family with kids or larger group.	
Jun 6 2009 	great nightlife	If you are a frequent traveller to Dubai ,i think you should stay atleast once in this hotel and enjoy the bar and shows around.The bar downstairs is one of the best nightlife spots in Dubai with lots of Russians,Morroccans and all around.	
Jun 5 2009 	Big 	A huge hotel conveniently connected with the Grandcineplex and Wafi Mall...it has the best interiors i have ever seen.the moment you step into the hotel, the &quot;wow&quot; factor kicks in.The rooms are very trendy, with all the basic facilities provided, and the bathrooms are spacious with all the amenities one could want.A special mention to the 2 swimming pools....The one outdoors is really big and the landscaping around it makes you want to spend hours baring the heat ! The one indoors is comparitively smaller, but has a childrens pool next to it and the spa barely 5 steps away.The changing area and spa is again, well equipped with helpful staff, stocked with very good (and free for all)amenities, and chilled mint drinking water available at all times.The conference centre and business facilties are also excellent.It has free coach service to a lot of malls as well.This is an excellent hotel for business trips, and/or you want to take your family along.	
May 28 2009 	Dubai's a shopper's paradise	well we had booked the second best room in the hotel and we got special access to a lounge on the top floor of the hotel...that was just amazing...we could see the palm islands ...they were under construction ..but mostly complete....it was just amazing...the staff was also very helpful	
May 21 2009 	luxury	Hotel is pure luxury with a selection of restaurants and bars. The nightclub is crap though! Service was top class - when we arrived we realised we had left something on the bus that brought us into Dubai and the hotel concierge sorted it within an hour! We were there on honeymoon after getting married in Thailand - the hotel had beautiful red roses, choclates, wine &amp; dates waiting in the room for us. The location is good, very near raffles hotel and Wadi shopping centre. You can get the tour bus from just outside the shopping centre - just a 5 minute walk from the hotel. The pools are amazing and your needs are attended to from cucumbers for your eyes to poolside bed service! The restaurants within the hotel are pretty pricey so come prepared - having said that the food is fab! I would recommend for a honeymoon as its a once in a lifetime hotel unless you are super rich!	
Mar 22 2009 	a fantastic hotel !	st ayed in the grand hyatt for 1 week Feb 28 to March 7 2009.What a fantastic hotel this is, the staff were outstanding.The guestrooms were very comfortable and very clean,stayed in a grand king with creek view (what a view} .It was no problem to mix buisness and leisure travellers together here because the hotel is so big and oh so relaxing. Wher do you start to reviw this hotel? The internet has so many reviews,which is a fantastic guide.the swimming pools are amazing (ice cold flannels and cucumber for those tired eyes} very comfortable sunbeds,amazing gardens,great bar staff. The indoor pool and spa were out of this world it had everthing to pamper yourself.Lads try the mens room steamroom,sauna,jaccuzi,robes,towels,slippers,shavers,toothpaste,the Jewson lot.The choice of resteraunts is fantastic snd the breakfasts are to die for,food and drink is a bit expensive {blame the bungling pound for that} but hey ho your on holiday ! The hotel is in a great location,the taxis are oh so cheap.5 mins from the wafi mall {what a place this is] I would recommend the big bus tour of the city its hop on and hop off well worth the money east meets west from the souks to the palm fom the BurjDubai to the dows on the creek amazing.Do try if you have time the Madinat souk outstanding shops and brilliant food.I would also recommend the Bateaux dubai night cruise gourmet dining on the creek the hotel takes care of all your bookings for this dining experience.Thank you hyatt for a truly fantastic stay and emirates airlines for a fantastic flight ps the upgrade to buisness class made our holiday!	
Mar 13 2009 	Chose to Return	I stayed at the Grand Hyatt for over a week in the summer of 2007 and was so impressed that I returned in January 2009 for a 4 night stay. The facilities are impressive with several restaurants that serve great food and good service; in the USA, we tend not to eat in hotel restaurants because the food quality is not comparable to nonhotel restaurants but this is not the case in most of Dubai. In the summer, they offer discounts to guests who dine at their in-house restaurants, but this was not the case in Dubai. The location of the hotel is about 15 minutes from the airport and you have easy access to the main north/south artery to Jumeirah. Please note that in Dubai, most people, including tourists, do not walk anywhere unless they have to so although the Grand Hyatt is not in the thick of things, we did not find this to be an impediment. If you would rather be within walking distance of the old city, you may want to stay in Deira--keep in mind though that the traffic is really bad in that part of the city and getting elsewhere will take longer. Pros: large, nicely appointed rooms, high standard of cleanliness, good restaurants, and wonderful spa/gym and indoor pool (as well as outdoor pools)Cons: occasional mischarges on the bill that are corrected when brought to their attention and high internet access fees.	
Feb 1 2009 	Looking back....	My husband and i thought the hotel was lovely especially the breakfasts but the hotel is definitely a business orientated hotel and not especially suited to people on their honeymoon.	
Jan 31 2009 	good but too expensive	The hotel is excellent. The rooms are large but have some problems with the lamps on the night tables. Excellent fitness!The prices are high and have been increasing. Currently the price is too high for what you get. I consider a different hotel during my next stay in Dubai.	
Nov 24 2009 	Exuberante		
