Mar 31 2009 	Great size clean and comfortable - does what is says on the tin	We stayed for two nights at the Sapphire Hotel apartments at the end of March. The apartments themeselves were perfectly adequeate. We had a one bedroom apartment which was very spacious and larger than we expected. Despite booking for 3 adults on Expedia, they did try to charge us an extra 100DM for a spare bed to be in the room but we argued against it and they gave it to us in the end (as we had clearly booked for 3 adults) - they said this was a common problem when booking through Expedia! Despite this the service was friendly and they even gave us some headache tablets which was very kind of them. The pool on the 11th floor is great. Has great views of Dubai, perfect temperature and complimentary towels. It's fairly small so not enough sun loungers for everyone (but then there are so many gorgeous beaches in Dubai anyway).It's true what a previous reviewer said about the taxi's as they can never seem to find this place. Luckily we were with a friend who knew Dubai well so was able to explain the location to the taxi driver. Luckily the taxi services in Dubai are top notch and fairly cheap.The location of the hotel is OK...everywhere is roads, roads and more roads in Dubai so don't expect to be able to walk everywhere. It was a quick taxi journey to most places. It is in the middle of a construction site (as are most hotels in Dubai at the moment) so do expect some noise from the machinery and workers...take ear plugs!We went to Bar Barista one night which was one of the best bars I've been too. It has a relaxed chilled atmospehere with great seats, right on the beach, They had live music and a chill out area. The food was fairly priced and tasted amazing. I would highly recommend this bar (part of La Meridian hotel).We also went clubbing to a place called 'Chi' at 'The Lodge' which was a club with 4 separate rooms each playing different music (RnB, Cheese, Dance and Rock). This club was brilliant and again had a great atmosphere. Was very clean and there were always people around as soon as a drink was spilt or a toilet used...I've never been to a club that has such attentative staff! Drinks were pricey though (about £23 for 3 vodkas and mixers). Well worth going if you fancy a boogie!!Overall the stay was great, however Dubai is still such a massive construction site that I would probably wait a few years to go back. It's just so dusty and noisy in so many places that you would probably struggle to find a decent priced hotel that wasn't in the middle of a building site. Heaven knows who is going to stay in all the hundreds of hotels that are currently being constructed...reckon prices will be cheap due to lack of demand and over supply!!	
Nov 8 2008 	Just ok	These are supposed to be serviced appartments, ok there are no ovens, only a mircowave, there is gas stove, but there is no gas, and only a single electric ring to cook on. Barely enough plates etc for two. Taxi's cannot find this place and when you book a taxi, it either takes an hour or does not turn up. Hardly any British TV channels despite being 75% full of Brits.The good things are the small roof top pool that is packed at the weekend. The closeness to everything, if the taxi appears, and then price, if you get a corporate rate, otherwise dont bother	
May 5 2008 	Nice Place	Like an oasis, Sapphire is one of the new staying options in Dubai. It is a functionally perfect hotel with decent sized rooms. I was there only for one night &amp; stayed in their Executive Studio. As the name suggested, the room came alongwith a fully funcitonal kitchen - microwave, washing machine, full fridge, utensils, cutlery, etc. The size was just right for one person. Since is it new, it well maintained. They also have a breakfast option in the lounge - a very basic breakfast. In addition, there's a room service menu which is helpful. The service was attentive &amp; quick. If I need to point out a negative is that the room had no working table (essential !) and no plug points for mobile / laptop chargers. Also, the light switch configuration was a bit odd - after scouting the room, couldn't find one switch to put off an awkwardly placed floor lamp. Location wise it is about 24 kms from the airport towards Abu Dhabi, just off Shk Zayed Road. It is a few minutes from Mall of the Emirates. In case your work in that locality, this is a well priced, decent staying option.	
