Nov 11 2008	Arrange a pick up shutle from airport	Further to my previous review I would like to addthat we booked the hotel through DirectRooms initially but it was a pain as they don't have an instant confirmation of bookingand if you are booking at the short notice...problem!better was for us to get service from octopustravel and then when we already got our booking and PLEASE print your voucher and the payment confirmation and whatever else the site is providing you with - as the reception requires all these papersand without them you are in trouble! then send the email to the hotel dthtl at sign emirates dot net dot ae asking them to arrange to pick up from the airport. Remember - forget about english politness and just say everything clearly and simple - No of people when , all flight details, etc... I suggest that you call them too to follow this up and GET the name of the person who took your message.I guess it is all - now thinking back about that trip - it was not bad at all! the hotel was actually better then the whole experience being in DUbai. I repeat - Abu Dabi is much better!	
Oct 28 2008	Disgusting!	Terrible Hotel, reminded me of a dormitory setting, dusty, smelly and the staff unfriendly. Checked out 1 hour later and the staff were rude refusing to check me out as they had recieved payment in advance. Never again!	
Mar 25 2008	Deira Town Hotel	Date of Vacation: 11th to 18th March 2008.Venue: Deira Town Hotel, Deira, Dubai, UAE.This hotel has friendly staff, the hotel is comfortable and bedroom was clean however the bathroom was very tired with black mildew around the inside of the shower cubicle which had only one door. There are 2 nightclubs on ground floor which ends at 3am so you need to be on the 4th floor. The staff are helpful as long as you ask the questions, if you don't they will not volunteer the information eg If you require a taxi do not stand at front of hotel expecting one to stop however you can use the hotel telephone in reception to ring for one but it took two days of standing for an hour outside the hotel before i asked the staff what to do. The food in the restaurant is only ok. When organising excursions either book in UK or in local agents do not use hotel travel desk as the price is almost double. I booked through an agent for a desert safari which cost 160 Dhms but had I booked in hotel would have been charged 250. Also i did not know until I arrived that there is a courtesy bus to and from the airport, so had to pay for a taxi from airport at midnight. Would have been easier had the hotel arranged for us to be collected.	
Feb 19 2008 	The hotel that never (lets you ) sleeps.	As soon as you step in Deira Town Hotel, you will be amazed by the interior of the lobby and the super helpful service rendered by the driver, bellboy and the philipinos working in the restaurant, in view of the 2 star rating. However, the nightmare began as soon as you start conversing with the receptionist. The are 3 receptionist altogether, 2 in the morning shift 1 in the night shift, all south indian origin. Low and behold prepare youself to talk to a nearly semi-comatose being. They will only appear lively when talking to the same race and language. If you need a favour try the egyptian girl who sit at the opposite counter handling tourist queries. She simply fantastic and has a very service oriented attitude. Now the room, i'm suprise that the hotel is only 8 months as the rooms are falling appart. The card key will hold you outside your room for a tiring ten minutes before it permits you to enter. The handles of the cupboard came out when you want to open it. The carpet room smells so does the shower curtain. The sink leaks and wet your whole bathroom floor, not like it matters as your shower already did its job.But the best part has to be &quot;lullaby&quot; by the well-collaborated south asia beats from the 3 night clubs at the lobby level of the hotel all the way till 3 am.P/S: If your hungry at night just use the room service, the restaurant operates in total darkness after 8 pm. =P	
Feb 14 2008 	Noisy clean rude and safe.	Initially we were annoyed with the receptionists lack of communication skills - they took our passports to scan and left us standing in confusion whilst we waited for...something. However, once we got up to our room we realised that this is a nice, clean little hotel which is in a good location. A lot has been made of the noise and yes, there are nightclubs in the hotel, but we switched the airconditioner on and slept fine. Maybe ask for a room higher up the building?One tip - turn on the hot water in the bathroom as soon as you get there. It's not on automatically.I'd say this is a good hotel for the money, especially if you're sightseeing and not spending much time in your room. It's a cheap, clean bed in a safe hotel.	
Jan 23 2008	Nice rooms noisy nightclubs...	I don't know why so many small hotels in this part of the world insist on running noisy nightclubs with thumping music that can be heard throughout the building. The Deira Town Hotel has not just one, but three nightclubs on the ground floor. Ask for a 4th floor room on the quieter end of the building.The rooms are large and clean, in my opinion 4-star standard with big beds and good showers. There is also bellboy service which I wouldn't have expected from a budget hotel. The location is within walking distance of the river and souqs, amid Dubai's Indian community. Females get a lot of (harmless) unwanted attention and stares around here - it's worth dressing modestly.	
Aug 26 2007 	nice hotel	i had a pleasant stay at the deira town hotel. The staff were pleasant and check in was right on time. The only grouse i had was the noise from the night club, which was a daily affair. The rooms are very clean and the hotel has a welcoming ambience. I wouldnt mind staying there again.	
Jun 5 2007	If you must go cheap read this	lets get real reviewers.... you only stay in places like this because why waste money on rooms when you are out all day and you do not wish to pay the ridiculous Dubai accomodation prices. will not suit the traveller not psychologically ready for downtown location amidst the tacky end of Deira.However the room is adequate ,7/10 in cleanliness and aircon ok..........but be wary of the room location as even tho request was away from niteclubs the fairly abrupt front desk was no help in actioning this. The noise from the 2 or 3 niteclubs went till all hours and only the dedicated drinker could beat the intrusive thumping. The breakfast was good &quot;gutluggage&quot; and the best sport is watching rather large Arab ladies making numerous trips to fill up their hand luggage with takeaways.	
May 3 2007 	Great Hotel!	We stayed at this brand new hotel for 2 nights and we received fantastic service. Provided free airport transfers and allowed us to check in early as we came direct from the airport at 10am.Very friendly staff, clean spacious rooms and clean bathrooms.Very good value for money, would definately stay again on my next trip!They take you on free tours twice a day and pick you up at a certain time.Overall very satisfied with the service we received.	
Apr 19 2007 	Brand Spankin' New! Great Value!	Why we chose this hotel?We booked into this hotel after having an extremely bad experience at the Royal Falcon Hotel, just a few minutes drive away from Deira Town Hotel. We looked at many different hotels in the area, ranging from 3-4.5 star properties. We were looking for value, comfort and cleanliness and a room with a great ambience. Believe me, we looked at over 15 hotels in the area and this was the only one that met all of those expectations! For a 3 star hotel, this definately exceeded my expectations. It is more like a 4 star. As an employee of 4-5 star hotels I can tell you that for sure!!Great Value!We went during Dubai's peak season. Room rates were approx 150 AUD at the time for a double room with an extra bed, breakfast for three (basic, but adequate) and airport transfers. Location, Location, Location!Great location, just walking distance to many restaurants (who even deliver to your room at no charge), the Ghurair Mall, Gold Souk, Beach, 10 mins drive from the airport. Fantastic! The Hotel &amp; Room!The hotel was being finished while we were there. But it still had a good ambience.The room was very comfortable. Spacious, clean, good furnishings and a lot of natural light (rare in other hotels in area). Bathroom was spacious with great water pressure.The quality of room service meals is great! Very cheap and delicious for 24 hours. Internet services are available just metres away from the hotel.Staff &amp; ServiceA bell boy by the name of June was fantastic, as was the duty manager. However, the girls at reception were a little rude, perhaps they could do with a little customer service training. Besides those minor imperfections, staff was fantastic!I will recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone looking for comfort and great value!I can definately guarantee that you will not find a hotel that is any better value than this one, you definately won't regret staying here!!	
Apr 12 2007 	Wouldnt really sure there is better out there	Unpleasant reception staff, untrustworthy manager, fire alarms going off repeatedly at 2.00 am. Yet breakfast catering was nice.	
Apr 2 2007 	Nice New Hotel	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights 26th March to 29th March.Initially when I booked the hotel via asiatravel.com at $108 per night for a double room with Breakfast, there were no reviews as the Hotel is just 5 Months old. I tried everything to read about the hotel but no joy.LOCATION: The Hotel is very well located in Deira, Omar Bin Al Khattab Road (Opposite DEWA Customer Services office) (Department of Electricity and Water Authority), absolutely a great location, close to everywhere you want to go to, 10mins Airport, 6mins Gold Souk, 15min World trade centre. Cost $3.00 to gold souk and $6.00 to AirportHotel offered complimentary pickup and drop off at the airport. (That was very good) RESTURANT: Loads of local resturants close by, at least 15-20 places to select from. The hotel itself has two resturants, one is functional, the breakfast was just okay, basic, I have had better breakfast in other hotels in Dubai. Please do not get me wrong, the breakfast was not bad, just basic. Room service was okay, nice sandwiches served round the clock for very cheap priceHOTEL DECOR AND ROOM: As the hotel is still very new, the decor was very clean and of good standard, Rooms were of average size, slightly bigger than small, absolutely no problem with the room. I requested for a top floor room and was given room 403. The hotel has 3 night clubs on the ground floor so it was be good to ask for a top floor room to avoid the music noise at night till 3am. (Dubai is full of fun, hardly will you get a hotel without a night club)STAFF: The staff were very helpful and friendly, always willing to assist, door boy called Deprinder was always helpful. Reception staff also very helpfulThe only problems I had with the hotel were(1) No Gym(2) No Internet Service in both lobby and rooms(3) No swimming PoolI was rather surprised that a hotel in Dubai will exist without the above, even 1 star hotels in more remote areas have swimming pools and internet. For me, that downgraded the level of the hotel. I actually advised the management to consider including a gym, s/pool and wireless internet to their rooms, I am sure this will increase their sales. Also there were no individual safe's in the rooms but they had a common room in the lobby with individual safes for guest to use and you were given the key to keep. A charge of $80 if you misplaced the key.In all, a good hotel, I hope they will keep the place clean and friendly and obviously include a gym, pool and internet.Will I stay again? Yes because of the clean environment and the location and then the free pickup and drop off. Checkin is 1pm and checkout 12Noon, I was allowed to check out at 1.00pm.In all. a 3 star hotel that could have been a 4 star with some simple basic extras(See my pictures Below)	
