Sep 13 2009 	Don't	A friend mentioned this hotel to me, having been recommended it by the Marhaba services and I spent one night there passing through Dubai, just wanting to try something new to the usual stopover places, thinking that any standard will be alright, plus I did not get any negative information from my friend, only later to realize that I did not get any information at all, just the name of the hotel. The short of my impressions is that not any standard is alright and Vendome Plaza was one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in - it smells as if freshly painted even if the paint is at least as old as my grandma. Together with the overall shabbiness of the hotel, it does creep on you and does not make you feel any comfortable. My first room was not made and having walked through the corridors for some time to get another one, I felt like checking the wardrobe for huge cockroaches (don't worry, there're none!). A trifle but I find it rather descriptive: Do you know these places where the remote control does not work despite the fifteen layers of scotch to keep the batteries inside? And location? Well, it's not in the middle of nowhere, if that's what you mean, as many other hotels are. You don't have to rely on expensive hotel cars or keep waiting dozens of minutes for a cab, that's true, but in &quot;normal&quot; Dubai weather, which is not-walking, I don't see that this makes much of a difference. I'll certainly not stay in Vendome again and will humbly go back to my favourite overnights at Ibis/Novotel in Deira - cleaner, more light, cheaper (on a good day) plus you can actually walk over to the City Centre to shop, eat or see a movie or two.	
Apr 27 2009 	Business Dubai	A nice medium hotel for Business trip .Good for the money. Easy accessable to different malls. Good transporation facilities.	
Jan 18 2008	I dont' advice you!	We have recived at 22:00 for visiting intersec exhibition. the reception was not very helpfull, the room was not so clean, and the disco voice was terrible that we couldn't sleep at first night. the key of the door wasn't work well and some personals were ill-treating.	
Nov 10 2007	Nightmare	We arrived in Vendome Plaza on Novembre 8th 2007 late evening.The staff was very helpful.The point is that the Hotel is really very bad.Rooms are dirty, old and smelly.We checked the rooms for 3 seconds and we realized that we have to move away.It is not possible really to bear such a dity room.the staff open for us other rooms, even a suite, but in th suite there were old food everyewhere.We moved from the hotel immediately.	
Oct 29 2007 	Ok but a pollution hazard	I rang the hotel the day of our arrival to confirm our booking and find if they provided a shuttle service from the airport.The reception desk confirmed the booking and said we would be collected from the airport, and took details of airline and flight number and time.On arrival at Dubai we looked for a shuttle and found none, so we had to buy a phonecard and called the hotel to ask where the shuttle was. The receptionist told me that the hotel doesn't offer a shuttle service and I could take a taxi.On arrival the staff were helpful and the porter etc were very good.The room was OK, the room really did need some maintenance due to a rotten door frame and mould on the shower walls.From about 9 pm everynight until 3am there was the very loud music of an Indian discotech on the ground floor of the building. The other problem was that the air from the disco, laden with cigarette with smoke, is vented into a small duct in the building that the air conditioners also take their 'fresh' air from for the rooms. This creates a horrid situation. So between noise and smoke, the pollution in these rooms is pretty horrid.I also asked about the airport shuttle issue and found they offer a service but only every three hours.	
Mar 1 2007 	Last resort!	We were forced to stay in this hotel when we missed our connecting flight in Dubai. Emirates put a number of passengers from the flight up in this hotel. I certainly would not have paid to stay here. Maybe someone from Emirates airlines should try staying for a night and they might think about how it could adversely affect their reputation as a company. The table cloths were dirty and the corridors were smelly with some kind of cheap disinfectant. We were supposed to have a 3 minute international call free due to our flight delay. I tried a number of times but could not dial out from the hotel. Three times I was told that they had to log my room into the system and it would take 5 minutes. But even after 3 hours I could not make a call. I had to go out and get cash from a machine (we had no Dubai currency as we had not planned to stay in that country) so that we could buy a phone card and phone home from a call box. It was also necessary to buy toileteries. Our luggage was already checked in so we had no toothbrushes, toothpaste or other toileteries. In the bathroom in the hotel there was a soap dispenser on the wall and no other toileteries which you expect to find in decent hotels. The first room we were in the air conditioning did not work. A man came and climbed up on a step ladder and fiddled about it but it was no better. Eventually we were given another room where the air con did work. In both rooms the curtains were partially hanging off the curtain rails. We were told that we would be leaving the hotel at 5.30 am in the bus to get to the airport for 6.00am and would get an alarm call at 4.30 am. We were wakened up by the alarm call at 11.00 pm when we had only been asleep for and hour and a half. No alarm call came in the morning and we almost missed the bus to the airport. It was not until I was in the shower that I realised that there were no towels in the room. We phoned down and asked for towels to be delivered but they took so long we had to dry ourselves on the bed sheets so that we would not miss the bus to the airport. There are plenty of places within walking distance and we found a place to eat which was clean and affordable.I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Quite frankly I would have preferred to have stayed at the airport all night !	
Oct 30 2006 	unhelpful reception staff	On arrival when we asked about details for the bus to the beach, we were told that it leaves at 9am every morning. So the next morning we arrived a few minutes before and waited around 20 mins and there was no sign of a bus. When we checked with one receptionist they said it could be there any time till 10am and then when we checked again another receptionist said it would be there only if there are a minimum of occupants from 5 rooms or 5 groups.... the response was unclear and not consistent.The rooms are clean and a reasonable size. The bathroom could do with some maintenance. Generally OK	
Nov 1 2008 	ma siamo a dubai?		
