Oct 25 2009 	Stayed several times now and always happy with it.	I have stayed in this hotel several times now. Its right in the city and just a short walk to the creek or cheap taxi ride away from everything. Staff are helpful and courteous and the rooms are spotless with nice big beds. Although in the middle of the city they have a deal with another hotel where you can get a transfer to their beach.The only negative I would have is that the Russian bar in the hotel can have pretty loud music playing until the early hours. It wont bother you if your going to be there yourself but may be worth asking for a room away from it if your after an early night.	
Oct 7 2009 	VERY GOOD LOCATION and Good Hotel	Royal Ascot is situated on Khalid bin Waleed road in Bur Dubai.It is a very central location and is walking distance to Meena Bazar and close to the airport.It is an ideal location if you are visiting Dubai for the first time.The only drawback is the size of Bathroom which is really small for a 4 star.As you open the door from inside your hand may get stuck between the granite basin and the door which is rather painfulAlso make sure to get a room away from the disco to be able to sleep peacefully.Apart from that it is good with a nice breakfast spread as wellOn the whole &quot;Value for Money &quot;	
Jul 25 2009 	Staying in Royal Ascot equals to a great experience!!!	Everything was great...The room was very clean and impressive ,the staff was very friendly and helpful and finally the breakfast was rich in taste and choices!!!	
Jul 9 2009 	Great Hotel but low Service Standards	Me and my friend stayed at this hotel for 4 days and we found this hotel excellent. The properrty is damn good with its large rooms and cleanliness. the only problem is the staff is not up to the mark but the hotel infra made us forget this. It has all the things which a 5 star hotel deserves but the service standards.	
Jun 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Great Hotel!!We were extremely happy with the cleanliness, room service, housekeeping, etc. Staying at the this hotel made our trip an especially pleasant one, it was incredibly comfortable and convenient.	
Apr 24 2009 	Great location indifferent service overall not bad for the price	stayed for a week with my family. Since I was forewarned about the noise from the disco, I asked specifically for a room on the higher floors and facing away from the main street. I got a room at the end of the 7th floor. I am glad to say that the room was very quiet with absolutely no disturbance of any kind. The housekeeping was unobtrusive and competent. I was somewhat stuck by the indifferent attitude of the girls in the reception. While not being rude, they were certainly not warm or friendly and did not seem to offer much assistance. In fact on most questions, they seemed ignorant.The rooms themselves were clean, the water pressure good and the bed comfy. My only grouse was that inspite of the individual AC controls in the room, the aircon seemed to have a mind of its own. It was freezing during the afternoons and strangely warm during the nights. I had to manually crank up the aircon in the middle of the night.The breakfast was unremarkable and par for a hotel of this class. The best part of the hotel was its location, very much in the heart of Bur Dubai and walking distance from the abra station from where you can cross over to Deira and the souks. Plenty of inexpensive eateries including indian vegetarian restaurants within walking distance.Overall I would definitely go back here. I paid an average of 100 USD per night which was pretty decent all things compared. Wish they had shuttle services to the malls which was missed, as well as complimentary pickup/drop to the airport.	
Apr 19 2009 	Avoid if you want to sleep	If you want to sleep at night, avoid this hotel! There is a dance club located on the ground floor of this hotel, and you can literally &quot;feel&quot; the rhythm of techno music on your bed until dusk. It seems that the whole structure of the hotel was vibrating and I couldn't sleep even with earplugs on. The girls at the reception desk were very cold and smileless. Having said that the room was relatively clean and food was not bad. Unless you won't come back to the hotel until 4 in the morning, stay away from this hotel.	
Apr 18 2009 	Two Thumbs Up !	Before reserving this hotel ... i read all the reviews and got a mixed feeling about it ..but since i was given a great deal from my travel agent and saw good feedbacks i gave it a shot ... i payed around 100$ for a single room per night ...and i assure u the thing i got was way beyond what i payed for there are two hotels sticked together one is the ascot which is 3star and the Royal Ascot which is a 4star, some services are shared by these two like the buffet lunch ( which was included on my room since it was Half Board) ...the hotels have Thai/Chinese,Arabic,Korean,Russian,Japanese restaurants and a grill and bar .the breakfast was great almost any thing you can think of,the roof top was a heaven ... sports club,massage and a bar/lounge which has a live DJ at nights with shisha/drinks and dinner at nights with a great view of Dubai.rooms were very clean and comfy and room serviced did their job every day.friendly staff at the reception but a bit lazy because i needed a cork screw for my wine which i asked twice but later bought it from across the street !! the only thing which really pissed me of was INTERNET ...very expensive (40 Dirhams~12 USD per hour) and even if you use it for five mins they would charge you for the whole hour)..and check your bill with great attention since they usually charge you for what you haven't used from the mini bar ...i told them about the drinks i hadn't used and they removed it from my bill with no hustle! overall .. great place in center of the city .... definitly i would go back !	
Mar 29 2009 	Below average wouldnt pay for it	There are two hotels owned by this group, the Ascot and the Royal Ascot. I stayed at the Royal, the Ascot is supposed to be dire. Pretty average, attention to detail is lacking. Both phones in the room were programmed with incorrect numbers for reception and room service etc. The music from the club next door penetrates the hotel, and the windows don't dampen street noise. Left a jumper in the airport transfer van, never saw it again, Not the most professional or confidence inspiring introduction to the hotel. Company paid for the hotel, it has its flaws, but in comfortable enough. Internet is pretty slow for Dubai. There are plenty of better hotels in Dubai, avoid this place if you can.	
Mar 25 2009 	The Royal Ascot Hotel	This Hotel was brilliant, good location, spacious rooms, tastefully decorated, friendly staff, very clean, nice rooftop pool and chill-out bar. the only down side was that the meals and drinks were expensive. Having said that, we would certainly stay there again as it was a very enjoyable experience	
Feb 18 2009 	- Situated in the Heart of Dubai	Damn good hotel, right in the heart of Dubai. Situated in Bur Dubai, the hotel is just about 15 mins drive from the airport. Being very close to the old commercial hub in the city, the night comes alive. what best most gazetic shops are just around the corner. Highly recommended.	
Jan 20 2009 	Only Nice Room	This was my worst trip to dubai and the hotel made it complete.To be honest There was no pool!No sport club !No music club!first night was terrible because i was staying in 4th floor and there was still noise raising from ELEGANT disco.the next night i have tried to attend in but gards didnt let hotel resident in!!!and asked for reservation in club!!!the room was complete and no problem in rooms car and transport was good.This hotel needs modifications and organization.so far 3 star is enough for ROYAL ascot hotel!!	
Jan 15 2009 	Don't eat at Troika restaurant	We went there to celebrate a friend's birthday . The music is good and the show is ok, but whatever good thing could have the place is tarnished by the &quot;security staff&quot; attitude. We were 30 people and the bill was way too big for what we consumed. It was a very bad experience.	
Jan 3 2009	exel ent time i ever spent with my family i would love to visit dubai again and	the best i ever had .Never seen so much courtsy in any other hotel so far.i would love to visit again to dubai and stay in the same property royal ascot .	
Jan 2 2009 	great	I dont know about past but I was there last month and it was the best hotel with this rate in dubai.there is a clean family hotel without any problem of night clubs like other ones.I will go there again.	
Dec 6 2008 	Negatives outweigh the positives	This hotel was booked by the company we came to visit and unfortunately this hotel negatives outweigh the positives resulting in me avoiding this hotel for future visits.Pros: rooms are quite large and adequately air-conditioned, large bathroom with good water pressure, friendly and knowledgeable concierge. Convenient location to the Dubai Museum area and in driving range of some of the major malls. Smoking rooms (I was unfortunately appointed one and could not be relocated to a non smoking room) are not too smelly and I as a non smoker was not really bothered by it. Turn down service with a complimentary fruit platter (bananas, apples, grapes and oranges).Cons: noise from the next door night club can be heard, even on the 6th floor and won't stop until around 3AM. Check in/ Checkout agents are very inefficient; it took us about 40 minutes to check out (there was no queue; this was the actual time it took to get checked out). There were items on the bill that could not be explained by the check out agent (we did not use the mini bar, but the hotel insisted that it was a charge for the mini bar). In total the bill was printed out about 5 or 6 times, each time mistakes were made and the bill needed to be reprinted.In the end we missed our flight check in deadline with about 5 minutes and we mainly blame this on the long check out process. When we had to find a hotel to stay in until our next flight, we did not think twice and checked in to the Hilton Dubai Jumeirah: what a difference it was! So save yourself the potential troubles ahead and avoid this hotel which has the potential to be a decent hotel, but at this stage is certainly no more than an average 3 star hotel with inadequate staff (except for the concierge staff).	
Nov 20 2008 	good hotel in good location	We had three days in February 2008 (and 4 days last year, same month).The location is very good, in Bur Dubai, within walking distance(about 15/20 minutes) of Creek, Gold Market and Souks.The bedroom was really nice, new, clean and comfortable , lovely bathroom. There is a nice swimmingpool on the roof top with sun loungers .Negative: the buffet breakfast was served in the lobby, near the reception, and food was not good, no fresh eggs and omelettes (breakfast was better last year, served at Troika restaurant in the next door Ascot hotel, more various food and better quality)All in all great value for money	
Nov 18 2008 	Not worth it !	The hotel is located within the heart of Bur Dubai and is central to almost everything in Dubai. The room we stayed at was small but nice, it was on the 1st floor and there was no view of anything outside, however since there is so much to do at Dubai, this can be ignored. The problem is with so many restaurants in the hotel and there is load music that goes on till 3am and this is extremely disturbing. There is a very small pool and gym at the roof top.It is a substandard 3 star – nothing more. Stay here only if you dont have a choice.	
Nov 4 2008 	Very Disappointing	My husband and I are currently staying at the Royal Ascot for business in Dubai. Normally we travel at least once a month, this is our monthly business trip; we choose the Royal Ascot as a result of the website, and the fact that this was a hotel that claimed to be a 5 star.IT IS NOT BY ANY MEANS!!The service is very frustrating to say the least, each morning we've ordered breakfast in our room, and each order has been wrong or missing half of the items. Sorry just doesn't seem to cut it when you're expecting 5 star service/quality.The bathrooms in the main reception were completely trashed the other day, as a result of a huge party of tourists that had to use these to &quot;shower&quot; before leaving to fly home.When I complained about having to walk through a puddle to use the bathrooms, and lift my trousers to avoid stepping in what might be urine and water mixed together was horrifying, again, this IS NOT A 5 STAR HOTEL!Room service takes over an hour for breakfast, we requested our laundry this morning at 9:00 from the previous day, it's now 12:15 and still no sign of our clothes.Next time we'll be staying at the Palace, as the service there is as close to a 5 star as possible.We'd rate this hotel as a 3 star at most.The staff at the front desk are extremelly rude, in any other 5 star hotel they bend over backwards to make sure you're comfortable.We ordered a ironing board and iron for our room, and the ironing board they sent up had black marks all over it, we were told to take a sheet off the bed and cover the board with this!!Does this sound like a 5 star to you??? Ha, hardly!Save your money and stress levels and book someplace else!P.S. No CD players, no DVD players, the radio on the TV's does not work, and every morning we wake up to the smell of garlic meat cooking.I truly can't wait to check out of this sham of a hotel.A veteran traveller.	
Oct 25 2008 	To be improved	The Royal Ascot Hotel is in the heart of Bur Dubai in a very good location for business men. The &quot;famous2 indian night club Bolliwood at the mezzanine floor has been closed down, it means that the sleeping was perfect.Nice,wide rooms, new, clean with all the amenities you could askPerfect service.The welness centre is very good. Pool, steambath, sauna, cardio fitness free, and pool free of charge.What is not going in the right way?1) Reception staff. They do not know how to work. I have had to ask a confirmation for my special company rate by 3 different managers on duty!!!2) Internet. 40 Dhs / hour is really a robbery. It must be free!3) Breakfast. the location in the Korean restaurant near the reception is not convenient, it is a small busy place without the express preparation by the chefs that I was used to have when the breakfas was served in &quot;Troika&quot; restaurant at the top floor of the Ascot Hotel. Ok no windows but much better food!!!4) dubai become very expensive. 950 dhs / night with a company rate is an amazing amount of money.Worthy? Yes but no more than 1000 / Dhs per night.	
Aug 14 2008 	not for us!!	We have been in Dubai 5 times and stayed at many 5 starHotels. On this occasion after an recommendation we chose to stay at the Royal Ascot Hotel. When we arrived we asked to have a room on the top floor because we knew about the night club noise next door. Anyway the reception desk came back and gave us a room on 1st floor even though we asked for the top floor. After a long wait we finally was moved to the 5th Floor. The service was very slow and we found the Staff not very friendly as everyone seemed busy. Our rooms weren't cleaned to the standard of a 5 star hotel we had to keep calling room service for them to finish the job correctly. The biggest let down was the breakfast room. It was situated right next to the reception area which we found it bizarre with people walking in and out of the main entrance. The staff were not friendly to greet us in the morning and it was constantly busy. Staff had no idea where to find a table for us it was ridiculous. It is very unlikely we will be going back to the Royal Ascot Hotel.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great Stay	Royal Ascot Hotel was really a pleasent surprise. Situated in the heart of the city with very spacious rooms which was clean and tidy. Friendly staffs all around the hotel, and always ready to help you out in what ever way possible. Nothing was to much for them. Having a wide range of restaurants really made our stay more pleasent as we did not have to venture out in the heat, and in the night the two night clubs added feathers to the cap.	
Jul 1 2008 	Amazing!	The stay for 11 days was the best hotel stay i have had. The staff were polite all the time and their service was 1st class. The food in the hotel restaurants were very good and also great value for money. There is a desk that also helps you to book any tours that are available around dubai such as the desert safari and the price is fixed so its the same anywhere you go. The nightclub attatched to the hotel was fun and didnt affect me when sleeping.Highly recommend it, the location is also very good as 20 minutes in each direction will take you to the furthest points of interest.	
Jan 22 2008 	Sleepless nights	If you dont mind eating breakfast in a room without windows and you dont mind the disco beat in the middle of the night then Royal Ascot is a fairly good hotel. Apparently they have just leased out a part of the hotel to a night club. Its situated on the ground floor next to the lobby. On the 6th floor we could hear the base all night. Thank god we werent staying on the 1st or 2nd floor. Breakfast without the possibility to see outside is a little strange and not very comfortable. I had a book stolen there as well. Unfortunately I didnt notice till I came home. No reply fom the hotel regarding this book at all. Rooms are clean and comfortable but freezing cold!	
Oct 6 2007 	Great stay at the Royal Ascot	The Royal Ascot Hotal is brilliant. The service was second to none, the rooms were spotless, the food was excellent, the location great for sight seeing. All in all a wonderful stay at this hotel.	
Sep 4 2007 	Too new!	We stayed at the Royal Ascot on a three day stop over. We got a great deal via lastminute.com and overall I think we got value for money. We arrived early in the morning and with minimum fuss we were allowed to check in to our room which was a relief after a long journey. The rooms were really nice with all new fixtures and fittings, however as it ws so new not everything worked the TV system wasn't operational, my teenagers rooms A/C didn't work properly and wasn't fixed and the water had an odd oily smell! The housekeeping staff were too keen and knocked on doors early in the morning to make up the rooms or to ask if you have laundry.Breakfast was fine except it was very hectic with music playing loudly and the room is very cramped to cope with the guests from both hotels. The swimming pool was hotter than I can cope with my bath at home. But overall it was good value for money.	
Aug 10 2007 	Could have done better	We booked this hotel for my parents as a family holiday, and the hotel rooms are made into appartment style with a whole fridge and cooker but no pots and pans? So we never used that facility. The rooms were very well cleaned and never failed us there however my brother's charger got stolen and we never managed to retrieve it. We think it might have been the cleaners so do be careful. Maintance is ongoing at the hotel, to the point they shut the water off, and understandably it was late at night but when your ill with diaorea its a disaster which happened! To add to this our power supply cut out one night and we had no air conditioning for half a night!However without a doubt when we asked for help the guys and girls at the desk were prompt and at your service. They were very patient with my mum and dad who are slow walkers and best thing they did it all with a smile.The best thing about the hotel was location was right next to Mena Bazar and Wazy O'Connors and it held 5 resturants. We had breakfast included in our stay and we had such a great variety which is something you don't hear from 4 vegitarians and 1 meat eater, all in one go.Overall it was a good hotel but as its not a resort your not near to the beach, you will have to take a taxi but if your going to Dubai for only shoppng or a stop over then I would recommend it but not for a long period of 7 days of relaxation.	
Aug 4 2007	Absolutely Fantastic	Amazing Holiday. We decided to go to Dubai at short notice for 10 days during the racing world cup (amongst other events) and couldn't find availability in any hotels we knew of. We booked a suite at the Royal Ascot even though some of the reviews (I think they are under it's sister hotel) for the Ascot weren't great. In preparation I'd booked days/lunches/dinners etc at The Burj/JBeach/Meridien and other places. On arrival The Royal was fantastic in all aspects - we arrived at 6am knowing we couldn't check-in till 2pm, they immediately brought us fresh coffee and tea and had another, upgraded suite available within the hour. Huge Hall, Living/Dining Room and Bedroom. Fantastic Bathroom with huge shower and incredible full size jacuzzi bath all built in &amp; surrounded by mirrors and candles. Room service and all staff in all areas of the hotel were friendly and couldn't do enough for you - I thought they would have a heart attack the one time I attempted to carry my own drink to another area - you could think this was over the top but they all just genuinely wanted to help and look after you. The prices in the hotel were excellent so we ended up ordering all drinks to the room rather than buying them from the supermarkets. The central area is brilliant and we have never felt so safe in a city, we were walking back from bars and shopping malls happily at 1 and 2 am. Diera is a bit out of the way of Jumeirah but taxis were £5 !!!! or the hotel chauffeur service (excellent) was about £7 and it took about half an hour. Anybody who wants an exhilarating desert experience must contact Desert Rangers and go on their Dune Buggy safari (don't confuse this with the more dangerous quad biking out there) - it is one of the best experiences and the guys are amazing - but if you have a small head (!) take your own goggles and yes you need a scarf or something to tie across your nose and mouth. Lastly it was all so great at The Royal Ascot and nearby areas I cancelled all but one reservation, Al Mahara at the Burj, £250 for lunch but worth every penny! and if you want a drinking night go to the Ascots Waxy O' Connors - cheap with fantastic english pop/rock music, luckily we only had to crawl back to next door! x x	
Jun 18 2007 	Recommended	I booked a one night stay when transiting through Dubai. I only chose it because it can be booked through the airmiles website, and I hade a few to spend.I arrived about 7-8 am after an overnight flight and I feared that I would have to dump my bags and wander the streets / sit in the lobby until midday, but I was able to check in immediately, which was a relief.The room was fine, nothing special for a good class of hotel. It was at the back of the hotel, away from the main road. As a result, there was no view at all, but I didn't care because at least it was quiet - I have stayed in Dubai before and there is always a risk that your hotel will be within earshot of one of the countless construction sites.Service was polite and efficient.The hotel is in Bur Dubai, so getting to the shopping areas in Deira on the other side of the creek can be a problem due to lack of taxis, however you can also reach these by taking a short(ish) walk to the creek and then crossing on one of the very cheap ferries.	
Mar 30 2007 	Excellent Hotel	The Royal Ascot Hotel is a beautiful superb hotel in Dubai.The hotels restaurant was good but it's always much better to go to the main strip which I would recommend and it costs a lot less than the hotel and the same for the internet.We just got back from a 3 night stay and this is a good 5 star hotel.	
Mar 25 2007 	pleasantly surprised - lovely hotel	Hi,My mother and I stayed at this hotel and it was great. Massive clean room with flat screen TV, 24hrs room service, bathroom was lovely, swimming pool was great with sun loungers &amp; towels supplied, decent gym too. Also the hotel provides a free bus service to Jumeria beach &amp; back. The staff are very helpful and polite.Breakfast was supplied with our room but we had to walk next door to the Ascot Hotel for it (as the 2 two hotels are joint internally). Breakfast was a feast, with a varity for all.The Royal Ascot is situated in Bur Dubai - 10 mins walk from Meena Bazzar and about 20 mins drive from airport &amp; Dera (where all the Gold Soks are).Advice for shops you can bargain! I even went to a shopping mall and bought some prescription Prada sun glasses...I bargained till the cows came home and got a very good price.	
