	Dooobai	nice hotel, central location, cool, good-looking chicks in the disco and friendly ukrainians in teh coffee shop, shame there was no pool but there was always the sea.	
Nov 1 2009 	Good Location service hit and miss	Stayed at Holiday inn for 4 Nights, location was great, room was upto the usual Holiday inn standards, however service was hit and miss, I had to call front deskk 3 times before Hot water was made available to my room, getting Iron and ironing board was a challenge, had to call over 4 times before it was made available.The put off was paying $160 per night, I had to pay to internet connection!!! Swimming pool on the roof top is very basicApart from this, I think its a good hotel, just 5 minnute walk front he train station which was handy.	
Nov 1 2009 	It was not terribel but i dont think i will go again.	This hotel is very controversial; location might appeal to a lot people due to the fact that it’s located near many traditional attractions, like Spice souk etc. However, during peak time, Hotel’s in and out is nearly impossible as it is located between two major streets that are connected with very very narrow ones, which are surrounding the hotel. Luckily, there is a metro station just 1-2 minutes walk away from the hotel, it might not be the perfect solution, as many stations throughout Dubai are still under construction. My friend was a smoker, so the room was really smelly and carpet was disgusting, but I believe if it was a non-smoking room, it would have been much nicer. To my surprise, the mini bar was key locked and sealed with a plastic ring, and it will be only opened upon request. Bathroom, unlike the room, was roomy, clean and comfortably white (I hate colorful bathrooms). To be fair in my review, the service from the hotel staff was amazing, I remember that I have asked for many things including an adapter, Nokia charger, ice.. and it was all provided quickly and with a big smile. To tap it up, smoking room: bad, Location: not recommended, service: Excellent, and it's not the standard i am used to from Holiday Inn, They must visit the hotel and check for themselves	
Sep 9 2009 	Not recommended	This hotel is located in the old area of Dubai (Deira, near Riga street).The hotel is clean, but there are some issues:- there is a night club in the 2st floor, and it’s too loud, so we couldn’t sleep.- the internet is not free, even in the lobby.- only few parking available for guests, you have to come early to find good parking.- the rooms are too small.	
Jul 15 2009	DUBAI = beautiful city. HOLIDAY INN DOWNTOWN= extrodinary service.	I don't normally take the time to write reviews, but after my recent stay at the Holiday Inn Downtown in Dubai, I somehow feel the need to tell everybody how exceptional this hotel was and a recommendation is a must. My mother and I booked a holiday to Dubai, Greece, Croatia, Serbia, Austria and London. We went to our travel agent who organised all accommodation and flights. We settled on holiday inn downtown as being new to Dubai we didn't know what to expect and we knew that Holiday Inn was well known. We were a bit hesitant when we arrived at Dubai airport. Travelling 15 hours from Australia that is expected. We had our transfer pick us up from the airport and within 10 minutes we were at our hotel. The moment we stepped into the hotel we automatically felt relaxed and at ease. Our check in experience was fantastic and the staff greeted us graciously. The amount of respect and kindness the staff have for you is unbelievable. We felt as if we were special guests and not just a number like we usually are treated in most hotels. Joy, the gentleman that worked in the lobby was fantastic. He told us everything we needed to know about Dubai, the key places to visit, the key things to try and the key shopping areas to make the most of our stay. He was always so cheerful and helpful. He is really one of a kind. Breakfast at the hotel was exceptional. We met a lady by the name of Nilan who always made sure we had everything we needed without having to ask. She was also a very friendly woman, always happy. With an attitude like that it made us really look forward to breakfast and the day ahead. The cleanliness of the rooms were excellent and the temperature was excellent. The cleaners always asked us when we would like our room cleaned and catered to it as apposed to most hotels where they do it when its convenient for them. Mohammed the hotel security guard always made us feel safe and secure, we felt as if we could knowingly leave the hotel for hours and not have to worry about our things or anybody trespassing through the building. There was also another lady who books tours, I cant remember her name, however she was very friendly and informative and catered to our needs. The facilities were fantastic. There is a gym, a pool, bistro, bar and room service. And the view from the top of the hotel is lovely. I recommend the desert safari tour, the city sights tour and the dinner cruise tour if you get the chance to ever visit Dubai which can be booked at the hotel. Dubai is such a beautiful city my mum and I are absolutely in love with it and I would go again in a heart beat. But I know that if it wasn't for the staff at the Holiday Inn Downtown, we probably wouldn't have been as open to all the experiences nor would we have appreciated the place as much as we do. We feel forever loyal to Holiday Inn Downtown and whenever I get the chance to go back to Dubai again I know that I don't need to worry about accommodation as that is where I definitely will be staying. We are now halfway through our trip and to be honest with you we are pretty disappointed with the accommodation so far. Holiday Inn Downtown really set the bench mark which I believe will be nearly impossible to beat. Thank you to all the staff at the Holiday Inn Downtown for your exceptional service and we will definitely see you again soon! Vesna.	
May 27 2009 	My Experince with Holiday inn Dubai down town.	This is not only a word of just “thank you” but also to express my sincere thanks to the entire team of HI Down town colleagues. Hotel service standards have tremendously improved from my last visit. This is a really remarkable achievement.My self and my wife were in room 725 from 21st May to 24th May 2009. During my stay your HK colleagues were extremely helpful and were taken care of us very well. The room was supplied with adequate amenities always and well maintained the IHC standards. Overall the Room Attendants Sankar &amp; Iqbal were very kind and generous to meet our requirements. The front office concierge Shakeel too very helpful and even the driver, sorry I forgot his name, assist me to send “Hotel show brochures” to Saudi Arabia through post office. So many other colleagues, again sorry I can’t remember everybody’s names, were also very attentive to our request and helpful during our stay in your hotel.Service from Reservation, Reception, and Room service to Lobby tea lounge was extremely out standing and remarkable. Keep up the good spirit.Kindly covey my best regards to all your colleagues and I wish them all the success with HI in down town and their future career.Wish you a pleasant summer. Thank you	
May 3 2009 	Ignore the above reviews	We have just come back after four fantastic nights at this hotel. It is located in the heart of Deira, within walking distances of the creek, motor taxis, gold and spice souks and short taxi rides to both the Emirates and Deira malls. The staff were very friendly, the room spacious and spotlessly clean, the breakfasts varied and tasty and the pool well cleaned and maintained. There is a nightclub on the 1st floor of the hotel but as we were located on the 7th floor the noise didn't disturb us. All in all a super experience and I would not hesitate to go back and stay there. As for the review that said the hotel was dirty and dusty - you are in a city that is building a new underground system - there are building works going on everywhere - and YOU ARE IN A MIDDLE EAST ARID DESERT ENVIRONMENT - it WILL be dusty!	
May 1 2009 	Practical Place for Business	I trusted Priority Club &amp; booked here almost blindly, but was pleasantly surprised when the frontdesk upgraded me to the executive floor. Rooms were comfortable and well furnished, though smallish. Free Internet in the room and good speed. Breakfast next day was not opulent but practical but good selection of breads, meats , fruits and made to order eggs. Late evenings, if you're adventurous you can step in to 1st floor where you have the 'colorful' night clubs .. activity is on till quite early in the morning. Haven't checked them out though.Good part is that it's well located from reachability perspective and there is ample places nearby , if you want to eat out.Lounge is small but practical for business meetings. Overall a very practical business hotel.	
Feb 13 2009 	Do Not Stay Here	Unless you want to stay near Deira (or the airport) and must stay in IHG property (Intercon Crowne Plaza and Holiday Inn) – DO NOT stay in this hotel. Its beyond me how they are able to sustain the Holiday Inn brand… Great Location, and good Front Desk staff. The ambiance and furnishing and smell and noise and environment is appalling… There is a very small pool on the rooftop (no views) and some 3 weird looking rooms that I can only assume are either run down bars or shisha corners. It seems to be open late so the noise of people walking up and down the stairs will keep you awake all night (specially if staying in the ‘ Executive Floor’). For some reason you are not able to leave your bags in storage, so if you (like me) are planning an overnight trip to Abu Dhabi or other UAE location, it becomes a huge inconvenience. I didn’t understand the vibe of the hotel at first, but after reading a review in Trip Advisor of escorts offering their services in the hotel, it all falls into place – this hotel is a huge mess. Staff are polite but there is no attention to detail – asked for an internet code and was given it on a scrap paper which had other guets’ information (address. Rm number and amount paid) on the back!!! – I mean, how careless can it get? Yes, nice location, 15min from airport, but stay somewhere else, which cannot possibly be as bad!	
Jan 2 2009 	NIce Brothel  - if your in to that	Stayed at this hotel on business with other collegues. Our first experinece of this type of hotel in Dubai. We have always stayed in hoilday inns or crowne plazas around the world but this was the first that supplied 'Extras' if you know what i mean. During a business drink we were asked by a young lady if we wanted company, we declined thi offer but she stuck around until we left. we then found her there everynight pestering us during the stay. it got to a point we never went in there as we knew she would be there and found ourselves hidin from her. The indian disco is an experinece although you dont need to attend to hear the music. what ever floor you are on you will hear the music so if your using this hotel as a stop over to get sleep forget it as it goes on to 3am. The food is not good and the pool is a death trap with broken tiles and pool surrounds. There are only 2 sun loungers that are extremly dirty, (Dont believe the pictures on the web site). we paid approximetly £100 per night but even if the price was £50 i still would never stay. I emailed Hoilday Inn on my return and they offered 20000 bonus points and said they would contact the hotel, but looking at otehr reviews it dosent look as though they have changed it. I carried on with my complaint and was eventullay given a total of 70 000 points as compensation. The sooner Hoilday Inn remove this hotel from the group the better its brand will grow espesially with class hotels such as Crowne Plaza sheik Zayed Rd (one of the best hotels ever stayed) and the opening of the new Crowne Plaza at Festival City (which is cheaper than this Brothel). Did i mention that thenight club was also filled with women selling thereselves?	
Dec 8 2008 	Dubai here we come	I took my family to holiday in Dubai. I booked two rooms in this hotel thru Priority Club. The hotel room charges were way too much (Dhs 835-934) compared to other 4 Star hotel in the vacinity. The Only reason I booked this hotel is because of the name (Holiday Inn). The area close to the hotel is filthy and dirty and full of oil stains. Lots of papers lying around.The swimming pool was not up to the standard of a 4 star hotel. The pool was filthy and there was no attendants to look after you. The sun bathe chairs were filthy and dirty.The food is average. The worst part there is an Indian Disco club on the Ist Floor which is not owned by Holiday Inn Group who plays very loud music until 3-4 a.m. I think looking back, I made a terrible mistake in staying in Holiday Inn, Down Town Dubai. I certainly would not recommend this hotel to anyone else.	
Nov 29 2008 	never stay again in this bad 4 star hotel!	I booked this hotel from the travel agency for the period of Oct02 till Oct06 2008 for me and my friend for 650 DHS. We arrived hotel at 09:00 am and we waited for our room for 45 minutes because according to the receptionest our room is not ready yet and the room service needs to prepare and clean it. After we checked in at 10:00 am and we got to the room from the beginning the room was already renovates and new.Firstly, the minibar (fridge) was not working at all because all drinks inside are hot also the cover of pillows were dirty and when i talked to the room service they say ok and they are going to change both pillows and fridge. we slept for 2hours then we got back from the hotel after we remind them about these 2 issues after we got back after 5 hours we found nothing happened so I call them to come to my room maybe after 30 minutes they came and changed the pillows and they took a fridge with them at the beginning I thought that the technician will take the fridge to replace it with a new one but we waited for one hour then when I called them they said we do not have a fridge right now they will bring for us a new one tomorrow , I told him are you kidding. directly I requested to speak to the manager(after many tries from the receptionest to know what's the problem) I talked to the manager and I think he is from Pakistan about these issues then he said that he promised that these things will not happen again. Also when we arrived the hotel the reception insisted to have our passprots, however what we had only ID cards(there are an agreement among Gulf countries that the citizens can travel amongGulf countries by ID cards and no need for passports) like Europe by mistake I had a copy of my passport in my car but what about if I do not have?!? even the parking is very small and the most of it are not sun roofed. Finally I believe that the manager of the hotel does not know how to manage the hotel in appropriate way. Also the most of staff are friendly.	
Jun 7 2008 	Worst I have ever seen	I have seen a lot of hotels but nothing like this one.. even if you decide to pay Dhs 500 for this hotel, trust me its way too much.The room size is okay, but go a little further and check the walls, the carpet, you will find them stained. The furniture is dusty no matter how many times they come and clean it, simply because they dont clean it well.The vicinity of the hotel is oh sooooooooo dirty!! YUCKKKKK..Lots of bits of papers lying everywhere.Ask the front desk staff for anything and they make a face like by giving you information they are doing a favor on you. Never a smile on their faces you can trace. This person Sohel ( dont know if I spelled it right) always has a frown or a creasing on his face. Doesnt feel welcomed. An absoloute unprofessional behaviour.The gym is okay but the pool is filthy. Also no lifeguards. Is'nt the lifeguard's presence normal, especially in a hotel which has a Holiday Inn branding behind it???The check in does not take much time but I should say to get checked in, you definitely have to wait for nothing less than 20 to 30 mins.Food is average but the preparations and the choices are the same everyday. Nothing changes right from the breakfast to lunch to dinner. If you are looking for pub and bar choices you will find plenty, but when it comes to retaurants uh uh.. nope nope nope. Either you eat at the hotels one and only restaurant or go out. But come back late because you wont be able to sleep till atleast 2 am. What to do the pubs keep on banging music in your eardrums.If this is not enough. The staff servicing the food and beverage areas do not tie their hair into buns but wear plaits or ponytails. And this is a 4* Hotel.. Doesnt seems so. Its more fit to be a 2 star or lower than that.This place it definitely not suitable for business travellers eventhough it is closer to the airport.I would never come here ever again. There are a lot of hotels in Dubai, where a little more money would give me peace.	
May 25 2008 	Stay Away	The only reason why I booked this hotel is because it's a Holiday Inn. Bad decision. The hotel staff is not terribly friendly and it seems they were understaffed. The rooms are just ok. They are old and need renovating. There is an annoying night club on the first floor that plays loud music until 3am. I was on the 7th floor and could still hear it. I recommend staying on the opposite side of the hotel. I booked a non-smoking king bed Executive room. It is a waste of money. There is nothing special except that you get a trouser press and iron/ironing board. I tried the restaurant on the top floor and it was good. There are plenty of hotels in Dubai and I suggest looking elsewhere.	
Mar 17 2008 	not as bad as the other review said	I had read quite a few reviews about the holiday inn and I must admit it worried me. I can honestly say we were pleasently surprised, it did not smell of old smoke. The bedroom was clean and large and quite well equipped. The hotel is not posh like you would expect in dubai but the location was really good we could walk to most places from the hotel. The creek was well within walking distance. would recomend this hotel as fairly cheap and convenient. The travel /concierge girl was really good really helpfull, she gave us lots of ideas and nothing was too much trouble.	
Oct 22 2007 	Would not recommend	Although advertised as a 4-Star hotel, my guess that it is somewhere between a 2-3 star. I booked to stay for 2 nights but barely managed to stay for 14 hours. The hotel lobby was ridiculously small and smelled of tobacco. The property is understaffed and the staff at the Reception were ill-mannered. I went for an executive suite but it was a joke. Other than its large size, there is nothing to speak off. The property is tastelessly furnished and poorly equipped. Would never recommend this property to any one.	
Sep 10 2007	Not Bad	Not a bad hotel.Front desk was very helpfull and concierge knowledgable of the area and within in 10min organised a chauffer on short notice.During our stay we were not disturbed by any noise, maybe because we were on the business floor, however the our room lighting was poor, I had to open the drapes for more lighting. The room was very spacious and basic (nothing fancy) a bit dated maybe, but good enough for a short stay. Even though they had designated smoking areas, the stale odour of cigarettes and cigars cannot be disguised....	
May 26 2007	YIKES	well......i was excited about my 4 nights in dubai, but i must say i'm not very impressed. On arrival, the porter was nice, couldnt help us enough, Reception staff was a bit off, not very smiley or happy to see a guest. i felt as though we'd put him out. Room was clean but basic and very dark. Bar staff were ok, again, not very enthusiatic or friendly. what i was shocked at, was that the &quot;night club&quot; is actually a brothel type affair! the poor women dance on stage until a horrid leary old man puts a necklace one her which means she is 'sold' to him for an hour. YUK. i didnt think this sort of thing went on in dubai.The bistro restaurant food is vile. cold and greasy and over priced. dont eat there, and the billabong bar was closed. all in all a very disappointing trip.	
Feb 1 2007 	Could be a lot better	Arrived at 6am to book for two nights and were given a room within an hour which was a help as we had just flown in from Bangkok and were tired. The reception staff were pleasant. The room was big, well furnished and clean - not much of an outlook though. However the servicing of the room was poor. First we had to ask for the tea making facilities, more towels and face cloths. The fridge obviously had not been cleaned for a while. The next day we went out at 10am. and on our return at 4.30pm. found the room had not been serviced so had to hang about the pool area for an hour while it was done with profuse apologies from the manager. Although the phone was working that day it was not the next day when we left so we had to struggle downstairs with our luggage. The method of getting you a taxi was for the concierge to stand outside and flag one down as it passed which you could do yourslf. Did not try the food as we thought 63drms. expensive for a breakfast. Heard no noise from the club and saw no ladies of the night although at our age (72) we were in the room reasonable early. Having stayed a few weeks before at the Al Sharjah Holiday Inn, the two in Bangkok and one in Singapore on this trip we were disappointed with this one and did not consider it good value for the money.	
Feb 1 2007 	** Avoid it if you Can **	I have recently been staying at the Downtown Holiday Inn.It has been during the time of Arab Health Conference so Dubai all the hotels are full, so this was not our choice to stay here.I have stayed in many Holiday Inns worldwide and in no way does this compare with any I have stayed in.The hotel is in Deira in not the nicest of areas, frequented by some dubious people going to the nightclub situated in the hotel.My room was on the third floor it was very noisey from the club, the bathroom had mould growing in the bath.Going in and out of the hotel you do not particulary feel safe and need to be aware of what is going on around you. Dubai is pretty crime free but singe females need to be aware.There are lots of choices nearby, Traders and Reinassance, if they are full avoid this if you can.We did not eat in the hotel but others have said that the food was not particulary good.	
Jan 31 2007 	Not bad	The Holiday Inn located in Deira Dubai is fairly good value. The rooms have good king sized beds and are clean. The location is not bad but you can get better value in the same area in my opinion. The front desk staff are effecient but not especially friendly but the bell staff are helpful. The very large bar on the first floor is rather empty in the early evening. It seems to get going later at night. If you like pool they have good tables. If you can get a room at under $200 then it is not a bad place to stay.	
Aug 3 2006 	Never Go Downtown !!!!Trust Me I Swear !!!!	On 22nd July i went to Holiday Inn Downtown after staying at Renaissance Hotel for a week , Obviously i had two days in Dubai left and had to chill but i couldnt. The Club known as 5th Avenue is on a rented premises and they dont care whether you stay in the hotel or not they would charge 50 dhs entrance fee each day, Somehow i managed to get in thanks to some amazing bell boys in the Hotel but than i was harrassed that i had to drink something or i should get lost, The Bartender/Owner was rude, can't a guy take a nice juice in a club ,check out some chiks pick them up ! well not in this one. Secondly when i thought that i had a bad night i called it a day and left the hotel within one day i was given a dead line for 2:15 pm and then i was told to keep the stuff in the lobby, Everywhere you would find an amazing 29 dhs deal for a perfect chicken or beef burger, thats what the posters say, But you will not get it as the deal is off, The Phone in my bathroom was broken, however the bed and the room was in good shape. The Reception on the TV was pathetic its better in alaska or Papua New Guinea. The Lady at the Reception was rude, Only the Reception guy who is of Egyptian Origin is friendly who comes at 4 pm shift, Bell Boys like Shakeel and Hotel Boys Like Hasif along with Basheer are friendly perhaps the seniors should learn. Even if you bring a girl over from any clubs you would be thouroughly asked whether your room allows a female or not ? The Point is if someone is in Dubai and books this hotel ,is it stated in the form that this room allows a female or not in a single standard room? You call this 4 star. Mind You the Tooth Brush and Tooth Paste are on Request in case you dont bring your own!	
May 22 2006	As good as any Holiday Inn anywhere	I did not stay at this hotel but as I often stay at Holiday Inns when visiting the US and found them very acceptable, I was put off by the reviews. So when in Dubai I decided to drop in and check it out. This is a modern purpose built Hotel in a lively area of the Diera district of downtown Dubai. It is near the Airport, the Creek, Dowe Warf and the Soulks.When I called I told them that I would like to see the rooms with the possibility that I might stay on a future trip. The doorman could not have been more welcoming and helpfull. The man on reception was pleasant and helpful, maybe not the friendliest we met in Dubai, but he had no hesitation in getting the doorman to show us around the hotel and some of the bedrooms.The rooms are very good and very much up to Holiday Inn standards, clean, in good order and with all the facilities you would expect in a modern hotel. In a city where 5 star hotels abound you might feel you are not keeping up with the Jones's but for a resonably priced Hotel this 4 star place seems pretty OK to me. Reception is a lively place and a restaurant serves snacks and meals 24 hours a day. So if you are on a budget or just want somewhere nice to lay your head ib Dubai, stay here. If money is no object or you would like to spoil yourself, go somewhere else.	
Nov 26 2005	Please DON'T go this hotel unless you want to be get ripped off !!	I had no choice but to use Holiday Inn DT Dubai this week because it was the only hotel I can get during he exhibition period. They cheated me sly with the room rates, using this busy exhibition season. I respect the founder of Holiday Inn, but this time I'm very disappointed at the Holiday Inn Downtown Dubai.	
Nov 14 2005	Pleasant but ....	I alongwith my family stayed in Holiday Inn Downtown Dubai from 22nd OCT 2005 TO 26 OCT 2005.We occupied two adjoining rooms.I was really worried once i read various comments about staff and hotel as i had already made a booking before seeing any review.Contrary to negative comments we found staff very friendly and cooperative,roome were clean and spacious and room services were uptodate.We had a comfortable stay and we never experienced any noise.I was really pleased with the overall friendly and homely atmosphere as we found it much better than various hotels even in UK,FRANCE AND USA where we stayed previously.But last day of our stay was made bitter by the lady receiptionist on duty who told us very rudely around 12 noon to vacate the rooms or agree to pay extra.We told her that our flight is around 5.30 PM and we shall leave the hotel around 3.30 PM but she insisted for extra charge.We agreed as there was no option and vacated one room and shifted our luggage in other which caused us lot of inconvenience.Later while checking out, i mentioned to gentleman on duty who was very nice and cooperative fellow about this unpleasant experience who after consulting duty manager agreed not to charge extra for 3 hours.It was pleasant experience where every body cooperated except one.DR SAFDAR HUSSAIN BRUNEI DARUSSALAM	
Nov 9 2005	Got on great at the Holiday Inn	I'd booked the Holiday Inn Downtown and then read the reviews. Aprehensive was an understatement after reading the reviews.The Holiday Inn was a pleasant experience. We arrived at the hotel at 10:30 in the morning to be warmly greeted by the hotel staff and shown to our room. If you've stopped in a Holiday Inn before then what you've previously experienced room wise is what you'll get. The rooms are spacious and clean with all the facilities you expect. The room was cleaned every day. As for noise, we were on the 6th floor and didn't hear a thing.The pool and the pool area is small but quiet (well it certainly was during my visit). There is a cafe up on the rooftop that provides snacks and drinks. Again very attentive friendly staff.There was an extensive breakfast proivded from 06:30 - 10:30.The location of the hotel is great if you're looking to experience the heart of Dubai...the gold and spice souqs, shopping, nightlife. All areas are easily accessible by taxi (one point to mention, if you do require a taxi ask for a normal taxi as the hotel tends to put you in their very nice leather seated cars but these are double the fare). I can imagine that you could find yourself in the company of the people described in the other reviews at night but to be honest if you're looking for a hotel to act as a base while you explore Dubai then you can't go wrong. Go out of the hotel at night and within a short distance you'll find plenty to eat and see. If you're looking for a hotel that you don't want to leave book a 5 star like the Le Meridian or the Hilton.	
Aug 28 2005	I was satisfied with the Hotel and enjoyed my stay	Having read the reviews before going I was apprehensive to say the least.The staff proved helpful and polite. The rooms although not large, were adequate to use as a base for sightseeing etc. They were clean and were cleaned daily.The swimming pool although small was clean and the area well presented.The only meals we had were Breakfast. The buffet was checked regularly and the standard of food was good.I understand the problem of the noise from the Nightclub, we were on the other side of the Hotel so were not bothered but the noise level was high in the vincinity. We kheard no noise from corridors or other guests.	
Aug 15 2005	Great time at the Holiday Inn	After reading all of the earlier reviews I was more than a little worried. I can't believe that the earlier reviews are genuine except there is a small truth in some of them. I did not find one staff member who did not try to be as helpfull as possible. I was on the 3rd floor which is 2 above the music bar and I heard music up until 11.30pm on 2 occasions, but it wasn't that loud. The swimming pool on the roof was fine. The hotel had a courtesy bus to the beach every day bar Wednesday (we weren't told that it didn't go on Wednesday) The Australian bar was fine but the locals use it. I didn't find it seedy although one night there was an elderly guy with 2 younger girls. The rooms are large and possibly a little dark but it was 45° outside and the Air conditioning worked fine. The food at breakfast was very good with good service. All in all we found it to be a very good hotel and we were there for 2 weeks. There was one thing though, on mondays they seem to reset your door card which means you can't get in and have to go to reception to have it reset, which they did immediately.	
Apr 19 2005	Reception Staff Horrible	Myself and my boyfriend stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in JanuaryFirst off found the reception staff completely ignorant and unhelpful.Rooms were dark and stuffy.Don't go to the austrialian bar...its a kip and a rip off...Seedy clientele.Don't waste your money...	
Apr 1 2005 	Tatty and bordering on the rough	If you don't mind staff who are rude and inefficient, a diry, tatty room, dark lobby and prostitutes arguing with clients late at night then you might be OK here.The Holiday Inn Deira was a base for me and colleagues on a business trip - we moved elsewhere after two nights.ROOM - sheets etc dirty and generally tatty.LOCATION - not brilliant. Deira is home of the gold souk etc but it's easier to be based elsewhere and get a cheap taxi. It was HARD to find taxis here...presumably they frequent the smarter hotels.STAFF - rude people on reception. They managed to cancel a colleague's room, so when he arrived off a plane at midnight he had nowhere to stay and ended up booking into the uber expensive Sheraton.INTERNET - in room only dial-up, not broadband.GYM - tiny, one running machine, one bike, a few weights. BAR - no idea...didn't fancy it.FOOD - breakfast buffet limited choice.PROSTITUTES - always a few hanging about in the lobby in evenings... that's fine BUT when you're woken at 3am by one violently arguing with a client about money outside your room...... well...CONCLUSION: give it a miss unless you can get a really really cheap deal and have no standards!	
Mar 15 2005	never again	stayed 3 nights during the shopping festival and wil never go back. Room not serviced without having to ask. No fresh water. awful outlook of private balconies. Reception staff rude and unhelpful. We reserved 3 nights in advance but after 2 nights were asked by a note under the door to settle for the 2 we had had already. On calling reception we said we would settle it altogether on check out. They agreed but on returning to the hotel found we had been locked out of our room !!!!!!!!!!! Neither of our cards worked. They again asked for settlement for the 2 nights we had spent so we payed for the 3 altogether and they re-set our key cards. parking is very limited and hotel not in a good area. Windows in room do not open at all. The bar had no draught beer and when we ordered a draught cider they brought an opened bottle of very strong cider to the table. We did not eat there at all so can't comment on the food. Stayed at hotels all over the world and this is the worst we have ever come across .	
Mar 11 2005	Disgusting place	My husdand and I stayed in the Holiday Inn Downtown from 25th December - 31st December 2004.When we arrived our room was on the 5th floor but on the second night we asked to be moved to another floor due to the noise from the nightclub on the first floor.Bar and nightclub were filthy and a lot of undesirables on the dance floor.We found the staff down right rude, especially the staff on the reception area.Swimming pool on the roof top was disgusting, looked as if it had not be cleaned in months.Would I go back - never. Would not recommend this hotel to a dog.	
Dec 16 2004	Do Not Stay At This Place	This Holiday Inn in Downtown Dubai was very disappointing. The dance club music was very loud, the majority of personnel at reception desk were clueless about anything we'd ask. The beds were horrible. Enough said.	
Dec 9 2004	Wouldn't have paid for it!	Let me start by saying that I didn't have to pay for this hotel as I won a competition for a holiday to Dubai, but.......well, the rooms were big but very dark and seedy. our room was 5 floors above the hotel nightclub but could hear the music coming from the club as if it was in the room next to us. luckily we were so tired most nights so we didn't care.bar was full of dodgy 'ladies of the night' and the hotel was generally in a dodgy area.hotel nowhere near a beach and the pool was out of use so we went and spent 40 quid each going to the jumeirah beach hotel every day! (well worth it, by the way)	
Apr 16 2009 	Un hôtel correct ni plus ni moins		
Jan 5 2009 	??????????		
