Jan 4 2009 	Yukh absulutely no go Hotel.AmarjitLondon	This hotel id definitely a no go area.Customer service with smile does not exist in their vocabulary.The bathrooms are very dirty and showers are ancient.The water only treacles from all the taps.Not only this but do not get fooled by their hot breakfast service.It is absolutely rubbish.They only have two types of breakfast which are monotonous every other day.The hotel overall is very sub standard and dirty.It is situated in a very overcrowded/noisey area of Dubai.Nobody is willing to listen to your complaint.The receptionist told us to speak to the manager who happened to be in the lobby.The manager was very rude not willing to listen but kindly advised to complain on the internet as the sorce of our booking.The patio doors did not open.The curtains were absolutely heavy with grime.All the beddings smell of mould.I do not understand that if there are any health officers in Dubai,allowing such a sub standard business to continue.All the members of staff are very miserable and have no smiles on their faces.Absolutely non reputable hotel to stay in any circumstances	
Jun 2 2008 	Basic hotel	Basic hotelWe booked 3 nights at the queens hotel in dubai as we had always wanted to see what dubai was like.We only paid just over £850 for the two of us for flights and bed and breakfast acomodation so we were not expecting a great deal. After reading some of the previous reviews we set off for dubai with some trepidation. After a three hour delay we finally found the hotel with the help of our taxi driver at 3 am.The reception staff were most helpful and gave us plenty of information about dubai and the local area. The room itself was pleasently furnished with a comfatable bed and very efficiant air conditioning. The bathroom however was in desperate need of total refurbishment but was in working order.You did not need an alarm clock as at 5 am the local mosque woke you up wit the call to prayer. (should be expected in an islamic country).The breakfast was a bit of a shambles as there were never enough crockery avaliable half the time and it was made up of plastic oddments.This hotel is o.k. as a base for a couple of nights so you can see dubai on a budget with very helpful staff but you would not consider spending a lot of time there.	
Feb 14 2008	no better than a dog kennel	arrived 06/02/08 hotel absolutly filthy it smelled foul carpets stained, bath grooved with dirt . managed to get room changed after 2 days it completly spoiled our holiday hve seen better dog kennels	
Jun 17 2007	Yuk - Yuk	Dirty! We didn't like it. We try another one hotel in the same area (san marco) for about the same price... you couldn't hesitate : choose san marco for example.It's not expensive but nor really well located and no interesting for holydays! Go Queens only if you like insects in your bed! ;-(	
Apr 20 2007 	For a 2 Star this is not half bad at all	The area is typical Asian, being residental and business. Stayed here for 3 nights, 2nd floor room 205The entrance and halls are all marble and very clean and tidy, pleasent staff, helpful and polite.The room (very small room) had tv with English channels, fridge and bathroom with shower.As another review stated, the windows could be updated, mine was infact not possible to close so the noise on the outside would have been bad had I not been wearing earplugs so i cant really complain. The noise of the mosque is very evident but neccassary for the country and is harmless for the few minutes that the sound lasts for. The area can be a little strange if you were expecting a tourist area. ALL the people in this area are Asian. They go about their daily business and ignore you unless you ask for something. The internet cafe is across the road, 2dh for 1 hour, not bad huh. the shops are all Asian, the usual crap you would find in a market. The planes do go over but again the earplugs do the trick at night. getting a taxi from the corner is a little tricky expecially in the morning and late afternoon, dont leave getting to the airport to chance, you will miss your flight. Overall I liked this hotel alot for the money I paid, I loved the area as it was so different to anything I have seen and I would go back there again on a budget. I was with my 13yr old and she said it was OK and enjoyed all the shops and the mixed culture.	
Feb 15 2007 	Good but noisy	Cheap hotel, located in the central area of Deira, the central part of old Dubai, close to the gold souk and closer to the electronics souk. We spent 8 nights there and where more than satisfied, considering the price. Front desk staff was very polite and helpful. Rooms are generaly clean and furnished decently, but don't expect to be impressed. The hotel has a swiming pool, restaurant and one parking place. The area is very crowded, but safe, even if it may not look like. The only complaint we had was the noise! The windows are very low quality, so you hear every plane taking off or landing (and there is a plane every two minutes), street noise is present at almost all times, and, on top of it is the neighbouring mosque with loud religious services starting before 6am, when your sleep will surely end, at least for a while. We oftenly had the impression of sleaping outside, in the street, but we found this funny!	
Feb 7 2007	Great hotel if you want to do Dubai on a budget	I stayed here from Dec 10th to 15th 2006. Very central location (far from the beach though if you are looking for a beach holiday) I didnt have great expectations of this hotel giving the price I paid but the rooms were quite good. Working AC was a plus for a hotel in this price range. Walking distance to the gold souk, the Dubai creek and and the Big bus tour stop. I did feel a bit intimidated at first because I was pretty much in a minority of one when walking in the immediate streets to and from the hotel but I nothing ever happened to me so i would say it is a safe area. The hotel staff were courteous, the TV was not exactly the latest model but i did work. The view from my room was unsightly but I got what I paid for. The only complaint i would have is i turned up at the hotel at 6am on my day of arrival. I was told check in was 11am as I was extremely tired after my overnight flight from Dublin I asked how much to check in early. They charged me 180 Dirhams. I do feel a little ripped off as the advertised room price was 2oo Dirhams so I almost paid full price for a 5 hour sleep. Overall my experience was good, if you want to experience Dubai on a budget i would definitely recomend this hotel.	
Dec 3 2006 	You Get What You Pay For	If you are budget conscious and really want to &quot;get amongst it&quot; in downtown Dubai then I think Queens Hotel is a good place to stay. Situated in the Deira district it is just a couple of minutes walk from many of 'old Dubai's' major attractions, including the gold and spice souks. Queens is one of the few moderately priced accommodation options available this audaciously cashed up city. We paid about $150 for a twin room. The room was clean and comfortable, albeit a little small. It had private bathroom, air conditioning, phone and daily housekeeping service.A two star establishment, Queens included the basic provisions associated with this rating. Some of these are: a tour desk, safety deposit box, wake-up call, swimming pool, 24 hour check in, snooker table, laundry, dry cleaning, a restaurant and room service. The food was mediocre, overpriced and by the time it eventually arrived at our door it was a bit cold into the bargain! There are plenty of much better dining options within easy walking distance.Queens is not the hotel for visitors seeking a luxurious accommodation experience. It is a decent place to sleep for us, who would rather spend our dollars on shopping, shopping and more shopping in the city's bazaars and glitzy modern malls! It is also a good choice for people interested basing themseles in Dubai’s atmospheric historic heart, where touts crowd the pavement selling “genuine fakes” and the scent of frankincense drifts heavily on the sultry evening air.With Queens (as with so many other hotels) we got what we paid for.	
Nov 27 2006 	Brilliant for the price	I have to say i wasnt very impresssed with this hotel or the area when i first arrived but over the week i grew to love it, the area is a little grotty and extremely over crowded but everybody is soooo nice, men seem to make up about 80% of the population in Dubai and it is definately true that they stare ALOT but they are completely harmless and very friendly and helpful. The staff in the hotel are also very helpful and keep the rooms very clean the sheets and towels are changed daily the rooms are a bit dated but its to be expected as it is very inexpensive to stay here. The breakfast is very basic but is more than exceptable.There are a couple of hotels near by who serve alcohol Sandras Inn (which has a restaurant and bar called the golden fork food here is average but really cheap £5 for fillet steak and chips and wine for £8.50 a bottle), Hyatt regency, Picadilly... the staff on reception will be happy to point u in the rite direction, one evening we got a cab to the irish village which is near dubai airport this was nice but ALOT more expensive than other alcohol serving places, in saying that the alcohol and food prices range from very cheap to sometimes over priced. For me the most worthwhile place to eat was in the near by hyatt regency, on the 25th floor there is a revolvong restaurant that has a 3 course ala carte buffet for 170dirhams or £25pp (and a bottle of white wine was about 140dirham or £20) both the food and the view was spectacular, also worth a visit but a little pricier is the famous Burj we had lunch in the Al Iwan restaurant which works out at 325dirham or £47pp for a similar 3 course buffet and about £34 for a bottle of wine the only reason it seems most people eat there is that without a reservation you cannot get in to see the hotel it really is worth seeing. Afternoon tea is also an option but was fully booked when we tried to make a reservation it works out at 225dirhams or £32pp.taxis in dubai are very cheap but the city especially the deira area is very congested with traffic all taxis are metered but when using them everyday it does take its toll on your spending money about a 3mins walk from the Queens hotel is the gold souk bus station here you can get a bus to almost any where in dubai eg No 8 bus brings you from here to the Burj or Jumeriah area for about 25p 1way the buses are very comfortable as they are fully air conditioned only problem i found with them was the first 12 seats are for women and the rest of the bus is for men, men are allowed stand on the bus but women are not so gettin a bus from the gold souk was no problem as the buses start at this station empty and as u can imagine 12 seats fill up very quickly so its not always possible for a women to be able to use the bus much to my ANNOYANCE!!! and ofcourse the poor women who live and work there.As the city is so huge and spread out i would definately recommend the big bus tour its the usual hop on hop off and one of the stops is Ski dubai which is definately worth seeing it cost 150dirhams or £22 and leaves from the nearby gold souk station.The hotel does have its own restaurant but no alcohol we didnt eat here so i cant comment but it is really inexpensive.The pool is in my eyes is not worth even being there it seems clean and looks nice but is not heated and is built on the 2nd floor with walls surrounding it therefore no sun i didnt see one oerson in it the whole week, but the jumriah beach park about 20mins from the hotel is fab 70p to get in and the £2 for a sun lounger i, not usually a fan of beachs but this is an exception totally clear water, no sea weed or fish or anything really nice and a golden sand.	
Aug 22 2006 	Good Hotel	The Hotel was okay considering the price paid, the rooms were very neat, although a bit on the small side in size, bedsheets and towels were changed every day, I went with my kids and they had a lovely time using the swiming pool. The food served was also okay. The hotel staff were also very warm and friendly.	
Aug 15 2006	Great Service For Excellent Price	I have just returned from a lovely week in Dubai. The Queens hotel is based in Deira (the heart of Dubai) and provided a service way beyond expectations for the very cheap price paid.Our room was spotless clean, had a fridge for drinks etc. and excellent air con. The sheets and towels were changed everyday and ironing services available was very very cheap and exceptionally managed.It was the staff however, more than the surroundings that made our stay as hassle free and enjoyabke as it was.There was nothing the staff couldn't do to help us.	
Apr 20 2006	This was the most disgusting hotel that i have ever been too.	do not go here, if you do you will get to see a cockroach army, and the food is the most horrendous and smelly food that i have ever eaten. Flys every where and the service you get speaks for its self. During the night people just seem to walk into your room while your sleep and start to clean it.	
Apr 16 2006	Not too bad.	Small yet decent room,which had cable t.v., minibarwith room service as well. Housekeeping did a decent job cleaning my room everyday.Staff at receptionwas courteous, location of hotel was idyllic.buffet breakfast was a bargain at 10 U.A.E Dirhams ($2.75 USD).This isn't a bad place for the price, considering what it cost to stay in Dubai.It is safe &amp; secure.	
Apr 2 2006 	Budget but fine	Basic, but clean and comfortable and the staff were friendly and helpful. Before going I read a lot of negative reviews and was very worried about staying here. But there was no problem. The room was small, but clean and adequate. No one knocked on my door at any time; in fact I appreciated the way the staff were happy to leave me alone rather than fussing over everything. If you're looking for budget in a city that really doesn't have much at the lower end, this is a good choice.	
Oct 12 2005 	Terrible and Miserable	1. dirty2. Somebody will knock your door at midnight and say want to serve you water3. When we stay there, there are some one try to break our door4. There is a terrible area, dangerous	
Oct 10 2005 	Bad Bad Bad	1. Bed is Dirty2. They don't change bed cover3. Toilet is Dirty4. Carpet with cockroach5. Some people try to entry our room at mid-night	
Mar 11 2005	not a nice place	The Hotel was not nice ,but the staff were friendly and helpful .The rooms were tiny and the toilet was not the cleanest we have seen the towels were like roughcast . we even left some anti bacterial wipes as clue to the cleanliness	
Jan 31 2005	Don't stay there	We recently stayed at the Queens Hotel, do not stay there, it is in the older area of Dubai, lacks cleanliness and hygiene and very noisy.Rated as three star, most definately not. Do not stay there.	
Oct 10 2009 	??		
Aug 29 2009 	?????		
Apr 23 2007 	n'allez pas dans cette hotel		
