	why can't all hotels be Ibis hotels?	After being impressed with the World Trade Centre (Dubai) Ibis, we headed here once we'd got our bearings. I think I'm actually in love with Ibis. This place (and the WTC one) looks straight out of a glossy interiors mag yet costs so little it makes you blush. The staff were absolutely delightful and the (pork-free) breakfast was excellent value too. Wasn't that impressed with dinner but after a 2 minute game of chicken you're at the Mall of the Emirates with Skiing et al. Internet was a bit pricey for those of us without a dongle but I feel ashamed to be complaining really.	
	Extremely good value..	I stayed at this hotel for 3nights last week. Its very good value at approx €60 per night and the location is quite good - 2mins walk from Mall of the Emirates.Room size is decent but bathroom was small. However, they were clean and modern and definitely fit for its purpose.Breakfast at 55 DHS was good value - all you can eat. Didn't eat dinner there or use the bar.Internet available in room (wired access) or at lobby which is wireless. Prepaid vouchers available from reception starting from 25DHS for 1hr.No safes in room but secure safes available at reception.Plenty of taxis always available outside of the hotel to explore Dubai!If you want to see Dubai and only want somewhere to throw your head down at night, without breaking the bank, this is the place for you!	
Nov 26 2009 	Nice Hotel - But its an Ibis So you get what it says on the tin	Just a point of note before we start, the photographs of the hotel on the TA website are not that of the hotel.Despite the above, the hotel is fine and if you want a cheap room this is one for you. We arrived very early having travelled overnight and were told we could not have our rooms until 2 pm, bit of a pain but ok, however after a couple of hours sleeping in the lobby, the receptionist let us have our rooms at about 12:30 – thank you receptionist.The reception staff were polite and on the whole spoke good English and were generally helpful. On getting to the room, there were no tea or coffee facilities, but that was not a problem, but would have been nice. The rooms are basic, but it’s an Ibis and you get what you pay for, the breakfast was excellent, good choice and plenty of it.The location is fine if you like shopping as it is next to the Mall of the Emirates and if you like Turkish food, come out of the hotel, turn left and walk down the road where there is a great little Turkish (and cheap) restaurant to enjoy. Taxies are also easy to get and some even rank outside.While we were there, we were allowed to use the breakfast area as a small office i.e. laying drawings out and were not mithered in any way – thank you hotel.Just a few points to wrap up, shoe cleaners are provided – great in a dusty environment, rooms were not vacuumed daily – poor and while we were there, the bar had a special offer of two for one beers making the beer about £2.75 a pint – great.Would I stay there again yes, is it a place to go and have a hotel experience – no, but if you are just visiting and what a cheap room it would be difficult to beat.	
Nov 23 2009 	Good location and functional basic rooms but customer service is lacking...	Booked into the hotel for an initial 5 night stay, however i ended up staying for 6 more nights due to business commitments.Because i was unsure of length of stay i was extending stay on a daily basis - often confirming verbally with the reception team.On the 11th afternoon at 3pm i received a phone from the hotel to say they were overbooked ( claiming people had been sitting in reception for hours with there bags) and as i had not paid for the room i needed to leave immediately, there was no compromise from the manager and he threatened to have the porter to remove my belongings if i did not return in 1 hour. I had to cancel a meeting and return to the hotel to pack my belongings. I was surprised to see no guests sitting in reception with there bags as was claimed by the manager.... however he told me he had booked me a room in there sister hotel, so he seemed to think that was okay and quite reasonable!!!	
Nov 22 2009 	Awesome!	Brand new, clean, spotless, great location: right beside Ski Dubai and Mall of the Emirates, it is walking distance to the metro and bus routes. The front desk staff were very friendly and accommodating. Restaurant food is delicious! The only downside is that internet use is expensive @ $6/hr.	
Nov 8 2009 	Such good value in a very expensive city	Accommodation in Dubai is great and prices are rather high. We found this was one of the cheapest hotels within reach of all the sights and activities, at 250 AED per room per night we thought it was a bargain! The room was a standard size for an Ibis hotel, but comfortable and large enough for us for 5 nights with 45kgs of luggage! The room and bathroom were always clean and well presented, with a hair dryer, TV, wardrobe and desk. Due to the cheap price of the room it didn't have the other basics you would expect in an Ibis room- no kettle, tea or coffee, no fridge (which would've been a huge help in such a hot dusty city!) no rubbish bin in the room and we didn't have any small towels either. As with everywhere in Dubai, the A/C was cranked up in this hotel, but in the room you could adjust the temperature to suit.The location of this hotel confused a few taxi drivers who had only heard of the other 3 Ibis hotels in Dubai, but a quick point on the map before taxi departure and we were fine. This hotel is a 3 minute short walk away from the huge Mall of Emirates. This Mall houses loads of eateries (don't go to Toast, it's awful, the food is microwaved and is worse than aeroplane food!), shops including a supermarket and Ski Dubai. The newly opened Metro has a station here which we found really helpful to get around Dubai without our own transport, it's cheap too. This hotel is also a short drive away from the Jumeirah Palm, Wild Wadi Waterpark, the Burj Al Arab and the Madinat Jumeirah, so you won't spend a fortune in taxi fares. The reception staff generally were pleasant. We had a slight language barrier with one staff member who could've been nicer, but no major problems. The reception is quite modern as are the rooms, no drab curtain or lampshades in sight.Overall this was a really good, cheap place to stay whether on a budget or not, in an excellent location with great transport links.	
Nov 2 2009 	Very good hotel-Highly recomanded	We stayed there 4 nights. Conveniently located next to a very important mall, the hotel is stylish, and the rooms are clean. BENJAMIN at the reception was very friendly and helpful. Only bad note is the cost of Internet, extremely high.	
Oct 23 2009 	great value but small rooms	Good location, clean, nice reception, for only 300AED/night its a good value.Rooms very small, no room service, no pool and no gym.one of the receptionists (phillippino lady) was very nice and friendly, they didnt charge me when internet connection was bad one day and she arranged delivery to my room eventhough its not the hotel policy, that made a good impression for me.	
Sep 12 2009 	Stylish and Great Value	Only stayed for one night as a stopover from the Maldives before flying home. We chose this hotel because of it's proximity to the Mall of the Emirates. It's literally a 5 minute walk from the Mall, so if you have an urge to shop, this is the hotel for you.The hotel is new and very stylishly decorated. Our room was clean, compact but ideal for the few hours we were spending in it. Bathroom is tiny, nicely kitted out though, excellent hairdryer and good toiletries.We had lunch in the Deli and it was good, service excellent. We ate again at night in the hotel, purely because we wanted an early dinner and due to Ramadam, all eateries in the Mall were closed until 6.30pm. The restaurant was impressive, again immpecible service and decent food with a good choice.I would have no hesitation is recommending this hotel. Possibly not for more than a couple of nights stay, as the rooms are small and have very limited storage space. However as a stopover for £54 per room, it's tremendous value.	
Sep 12 2009 	la découverte		
