Nov 24 2009 	great value	Some staff very nice like the philippino and moroccan girls in the reception, some staff not so helpfull. Rooms spacius and modern, good selection of TV channels, small but nic swimming pool and Jacuzzi if u dont mind the constructions around, nice small Sauna, resturants are ok.Generally great value for less than 300AED night.	
Nov 12 2009 	Premium Pricing - Avg. Quality	Even though I got an internet deal, it was not a 5 star like they claim. Dead hotel, dead area, dust - dirt and construction around, close to a large mall, not a good thing, why? It is crawling with prostitution and isn't a nice place despite its glamour. Far from real shopping districts like gold souk or old dubai and deira - plenty of big malls in the West, don't travel to the middle east to go to the body shop! Rooms small, noisy, no wifi even though website at the time, claimed free wifi, spoke to manager, wasn't accomodating.Fitness centre, most machines not turned on! Pool - very smallDon't stay at this hotel unless you get it for $70 or less a night.	
Oct 12 2009 	NOT SO EXPERIENCE PEOPLE	the room is ok, but the workers are slow and rude. not to mention that I have to recharge the hotel key everytime I'm out. Sports bar is crap. they don't refill the breakfast when the food is finished. The basement carpark stinks. Construction everywhere, left and right of the building. Can't get a pretty sleep. You'll be waken by the sound of people doing construction as early as 6AM. The construction guys will always stare at you when you're at the pool like you're some alien creature. Everytime you had a guest to come along they will chase you like you're hiring a prostitute. Very very uncomfortable stay at the hotel. nuff said.	
Sep 29 2009 	Good hotel but sharp practises	Good clean modern western-standard hotel just behind the super shopping center Mall of the Emirates on the new metro line. Annoyingly the hotel shows a very low headline price but then zaps your card for all the nights plus some on or before arrival so the aim is to have cash in case you run away (I suppose) - a low price attracts budget customers perhaps? A sharp practice that I found annoying. I have stayed there twice now and thought the first time it was a 'mistake'.Internet access was $20 a day but this seems widespread in Dubai and the Internet is heavily censored - I couldn't get to one of my e-mail addresses. Otherwise good value for money.	
Aug 15 2009 	Excellent value!	The hotel is amazing value. The rooms are spacious, clean and have all the basic amenities. Staff is extremely courteous and helpful. Fantastic value for the room rates they currently charge. Yes there is construction all around the hotel, but then this is Dubai.	
Aug 4 2009 	Grandeurggghhh	Ghastly:In the middle of a dusty building site, construction noise continuously and poor sound insulation. Check in took almost an hour despite prior internet booking. Early check in was the advert, our rooms weren't ready till 1600! Rooms were adequate. Consierge and car parking un reliable (asked for car to be brought up for 0330 - found the car attendents asleep, had to do it ourselves on the morning). Food in restaurants tasteless, service (although there seem to be hundreds of people) is poor and slow. Breakfast (inclusive deal) tatsteless and horrible. Gym excellent, although overlooked by contruction workers in next building, so girls get continuously oggled and jeered. Swimming pool adequate, small and everywhere covered in dust. The bar - well indescribable really - think a smokey unlit store room and you get the picture - not like it is photographed on the flyers or on the internet!!! You have been warned!Overall: give it a miss, nothing like described on the internet, it has the feeling of 'the last bus left town hours ago', about it. I read other reviews that are more positive and wonder if I've been to the same hotel??? Utterly dreadful experience overall	
Jul 20 2009 	Very comfortable and spacious room close to mall of Emirates...however lacked some basic complimentary facilities	We arrived in Dubai at 5:30am in the morning, having travelled 7 hours on a very uncomfortable flight. The check in time for the hotel was supposed to be at 2pm, and no rooms were available at that time, so we slept on the lobby sofa. The receptionist did their best to arrange a room for us, and we were able to check-in at 8:30am, so we got plenty of rest. This was the biggest room we stayed at during our 6 weeks trip around Asia, so it was a pleasant surprise that our final hotel offered us a very comfortable room.However, this was the only hotel which did not offer us any complimentary water or coffee making services. This was a little disappointing, considering that even the 2 stars hotels we stayed at during our travel offered these facilities. Overall, this was a very comfortable hotel (ignoring the entrance and exterior of the building)...It was close to the Mall of Emirates and Ski Dubai (they are in the same place!) Don't be fooled by the hotel tour operator who will try to sell you a tour to Ski Dubai, you can walk their in less than 15mins, or I would suggest to everyone - take a cab! Its only 10 AED...its too hot to walk, even at night!	
Jun 16 2009 	Great value and away from from the traffic	it was actually perfect as i never ever thought that I could stay in Dubai for 6 nights in a high-season-period (December) with such a great daily rate of $100. Every thing was great; location (behind Mall of the Emirates away from the jam and rush Dubai is known by), staff, value (good prices in Dubai), cleanliness (the hotel opened in October '08), and interior design (cozy and modern).Noteworthy that it's location can be very convienient for business travellers as well. It is accessible from many sides of Dubai and MOE, Dubai Internet City, Dubai Marina, and Jumierah Road are short ride by car.paring could be the drawback but no worries as car parking service is avilable at the concierge and for free.Mohammed K. OMarSaudi Arabia, Riyadh	
May 26 2009 	loved the hotel	Brand new hotel, location behind mall of emirates, convineance for shopping, excellent staff service, good reasturants, excellent breakfast menu, very good size of rooms	
May 20 2009 	A WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE	I had a training with colleagues in Al Bashir and we were lodged in Grandeur. Although in the middle of construction sites, and a bit difficult to locate initialy, the service was excellent. We enjoyed the health room and the roof-top swimming pool. The rooms were neat. The staff was courteous and always around to help.The breakfast was lovely and Indian restaurant superb.It was generally a wonderful experience.	
Apr 29 2009 	Fail.	We stayed at Grandeur in February 2009. The hotel front desk staff were pathetic - I asked the front desk to confirm the address of a hotel where we were meeting a tour on the other side of town and convey the location to a taxi driver. He did nothing, he put us in a taxi which literally took us around the corner to a Holiday Inn - (who were brilliant and actually telephoned and confirmed the correct address for us.)Asked for a wake up call to ensure we caught our flight home - NO WAKE UP CALL. (People checking out at the same time as us had missed their flight because they hadn’t received their wake up call).Our TV froze constantly. We were charged twice for our stay when we had paid in advance. Charges for internet were rediculously high by the hour, if you wanted to log on and check your mail it would cost near $20 each time as you had to use the hour consecutively. We accidently left a jacket behind in the room, I rang the hotel from the airport and gave them details to post the clothing - it never came. Breakfasts were ordinary, we only ate in once. The general service staff were friendly and tried hard to make you feel welcome. The rooms were spacious and nicely decorated. However, several times we would return late in the evening to find our room had not been cleaned that day. Room service would arrive cold, and it would take a full day for them to clear the dishes outside of people's rooms. The Concierge was lovely, and would be as helpful as he could. With a restructure in management and new people on front desk I think the hotel could be successful. The location is handy - but as it is a new hotel, taxi drivers do have trouble finding it. Definitely take a map!	
Apr 18 2009 	never again!	Beside the noises from surrounding constructions, we got stollen , we left some money in the safe and we forgot to lock it back(door looks shut even when it was not locked) and when we complains there excuse after 10 days from leaving the hotel is you should not leave unloked, we were not looking to get our money but at least for them to reassure us that they caught the thief and its a safe hotel!	
Apr 14 2009 	Good Value for Money but difficult to locate!	Overall this budget hotel is excellent value - it's in the middle of a building site, but so is most of Dubai However it was difficult to find taxi drivers who knew it, which made some trips quite expensive! Ask Reception for a map showing Grandeur location before you step out of the door! Also worth organising hotel pick up at the airport or you could spend a week driving around Dubai looking for your accommodation. One can just about walk to Mall of the Emirates, cutting across a couple of construction areas - it takes about 15 minutes. Otherwise there is nothing in the immediate locality and with prior knowledge would have booked nearer The Creek or Downtown Dubai - there's building work there too but more chance of finding restaurants. In fact by thed time one has taken taxis for a few days, on the face of it a hotel that seems slightly dearer would not cost more. The new light railway will help when it opens Autumn 2009. Hotel a little bleak and cheerless, though staff mostly polite and helpful. Would not stay there again - but then not sure that we'd visit Dubai again as a week was enough. Recommend Big Bus Tour for first couple of days as it gives a real flavour of the area - can pick this up at Mall of the Emirates. Expensive (Blue tour of the coast, and Red tour of the city came to about £40 per person) but really worth every dhiram.	
Apr 11 2009 	excellent value for money	My husband and I have just spent 13 nights in the granduer hotel.The hotel was very clean, very friendly staff and the breakfast excellent choice, continental, full english, fresh fruit ,cereal.The Indian restaurant was good too and very reasonably priced, watch out for the price of the alchohol tho very very expensive, the water in the hotel £5 for half ltr bottle Location ideal if you're a shopaholic 10 mims from mall of Emirates, 10 - 15 mins in a cab to beach cost around £6 sterling, Marina 10 mins in taxi again around £6.A must to see the Atlantis hotel allthough very expensive to visit the aquarium £30, and well worth a trip to the new Dubai mall, the fountains amazing and its free to see the sharks in the aquarium. The only down side of our visit was the building work that was going off at either side of the Granduer. We new this was happening but didn't know that the workmen started work at 6.00am till 7.00pm, and as the hotel has a roof top pool you felt uncomfortable them gazing at you.atleast we got an early morning wakeup calll every day so didn't miss breakfast.. Overall nice hotel and will be good when the buildings next door are finished.	
Feb 12 2009 	TERRIBLE STAY	We had an awful stay at the Grandeur due to the unberable noise from the construction going on right next door to the hotel from both sides of the building. They start at 4 or 5am in the morning and one night, they went all night working with a full crew, a huge crane (came to less than 10 ft from our window), dropping/moving materials etc. We tried everything to get some sleep, ear plugs which the airline had given us, we got sleeping pills, nothing worked, the noise was too loud. In fact decided to cut our stay shorter because of this situation. The manager, Mahendy was no help at all. He was rude and unacommodating refused to give us any reduction on our bill, moreover, he ignored our plea and left us at the desk dissapearing into his office. We intend to pursue this matter with our credit card company, seeking some sort of discount for not having able to sleep a SINGLE night there. It ruined our otherwise good vacation.The only thing they offered to do, which was a joke, was to move us to another room but when I asked to &quot;see&quot; the room to make sure it would be away from the noise, the night manager told me that construction was also taking place on the other side of the building and that all rooms were exposed to the same noise. This matter should have been brought up when we made the reservation with bookings.com, had we read the Trip Advisor's guest reviews prior to making the reservation we would have never gone there. We are now planning our next trip and the first thing I did was to check out guests reviews before making reservations. I think that is the way to go.I would not advise anyone to stay there unless you have serious hearing problems!See pics attached, we took lots of them, you can &quot;see&quot; what me and other guests are taking about. Terrible.	
Feb 5 2009	If first impressions counted...	Overall mostly satisfied with the hotel. Their modus operandi when it comes to check-in however leaves a lot to be desired...Word of caution if using third-party agents (expedia; wotif etc.) to book this hotel - make sure you establish at what stage they transfer payment. All other times I've used these services, payment is not transferred until the end of my stay when the hotel invoices the agent - which is normal and has never posed a problem. However, this particular hotel requires payment by third-party agents BEFORE you stay with them and will refuse check-in if this is not met. This was from the mouth of the general duty manager himself. Not only that, but the onus is placed on you for making the transfer of payment. Even after I sorted the aforementioned issue - and with upmost diplomacy might I add - I was still met with really cold service, lack of attention, and they didn't have the room type I had requested and was promised. Basically, the front desk staff treated me with the same respect they'd give to something on the bottom of their shoe. Atrocious is too small a word.That aside, the hotel was great. The public areas of the hotel are nicely decorated and rooms are of decent size and well appointed. The concierge, housekeeping and restaurant staff were the antipode of those on the front-desk - very warm, friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet had a great selection, although the quality was so-so. The location is very good as well, right near the Mall of the Emirates, Shk. Zayed Rd, Dubai Marina etc. Finding it in the first place was an issue though given no precise address and road-works all over the place. As to the numerous complaints about adjacent construction noise, I personally found this to be not a concern. My room overlooked the construction site and while the noise was apparent during the day, it ceased at night which was fine. So overall, given the price paid, I'd probably stay here again. The hotel's clientele were a diverse mix and it was definitely less 'clinical' than the similarly priced, nearby Holiday Inn Express.	
Feb 3 2009 	Never ever again	Travel agent had done her job. Booking confirmed breakfast included. When I arrived at the hotel at 3 AM they told my reservation only started the next.1/ they said there were only suites available which wasn't true after checking the next mornig. There were standard rooms available. I paid extra 2/ I had cancel the two last nights which I did 4 days ahaed. They charged me for those two nights. Didn't want to hear anything.3/ Breakfast was normally included in the price. They told me when giving me my final bill it wasn't.4/ When making the reservation they didn&quot;t tell it was going to be very noisy since buildings are being constructed all day and night long. 5/ People at the front desk were very unpleasant6/ they also charge a lot for a very very bad internet connection.Please stay away, they give you one price and in the end you pay almost double. Not recommandable	
Jan 26 2009 	Not up to expectations	Not great al all.Was on business budget so not the kind of place I would choose to stay.First room I had (311) overlooked a building site which started work 0700 the next morning. The noise was terrible.Spent ages trying to change rooms, they even tried to charge for an upgrade!It was not until I threatened to check out that I was moved (316) which was better but overlooked the road.The ‘sports bar’ is a horrible little room with no atmosphere and a poor drinks selection.Restaurant was OK. Breakfast not too bad and the one evening meal I had was fine.The rooms themselves were a fairley good standard.Not one of the taxi drivers I used during the stay knew where this hotel was – if you are going to stay here pick up a few of the leaflets that advertise the ‘sports bar’ to give to taxi drivers as there is a location map on the back.I would strongly recommend paying a bit more and booking a better hotel in a better location.	
Dec 13 2008 	beter than median but not wonderfull	this 9th of december i gone dubai and 4 nights i stayed this hotel.so nice hotel for decoration and very clean..everything is new and nice because its new hotel..for hotels good maybe but not wonderfull... i wanna say some negative things.you shall remember;near to hotel contruction on going and that side has a lot of construction..taxi drivers dont know the hotel you must describe the place...but personnel is very friendly and ggood relation...	
Nov 18 2008 	Not quite so good	For a 4-star hotel they still have to learn a lot. Contrary to the previous reviews, I didn't like the Grandeur. Given that it is new and the crew is still learning, I think it doesn't reach its potential.1. Location: Even though it is behind the Mall of the Emirates, it is located in the middle of a construction area. Walking is very dangerous and taxis are nearly impossible to get. I would say that a car is required. Noice and construction related hassels are to be expected.2. Rooms: The bed was great. However, for a 4 star hotel I expected some hair conditioner, better bath room lights, some towell hangers in the bathroom, a shower that doesn't leak, some lights in the packing/closet area (where it is totally dark), complimentary water (which is about USD 7 per bottle), more lights in the bedroom, a TV with sound, a quieter air-condition (that blows direcly upon the bed), and a better room temperature control.3. Amenities: The gym and pool are nice, but close very early. I didn’t even have time for a work out. 4. Service was ok. They refused to check me in early if I didn’t pay for an upgrade. Seamed to me like there were tons of free rooms, but they wanted to make some additional money. Don’t expect any free up-grades!!!! No welcome drinks.Overall, I wasn’t too pleased and do not recommend this hotel – at least not yet.	
Nov 11 2008 	Friendly and convenient	New hotel (or recently refurnished) with all the services appropriate for a 4 star hotel. Clean and tidy, every employee had been friendly and willing to help in every possible way. The hotel manager himself borrowed me his jacket to let me go to the Burj Al Arab restaurant!If the area in wich it is located is near your interests (Jumeirah, Mall of Emirates, Ibn Batuta mall and so on) it is a very good choice to have all the services of a luxury hotel wuthout spending big amounts of money!Should I say a negative thing about this hotel, it is that hte area in wich it is located is still partly under construction. But after all, the whole Dubai city is still under construction!	
Nov 7 2008 	Will be great when construction finished!	My husband and I stayed 7 nights at the Grandeur. We decided on this hotel due to it's location - directly behind the Mall of the Emirates. It is a 10-15 minute walk on a road with no footpath so take care. The taxi drivers do not know this hotel yet, so be prepared to show them the map which is on the website and on the key folder that they give you on arrival. The map is very simplified and doesn't include all the smaller roads, so can be confusing. The rooms are beautiful, comfortable and clean,although we didn't find the minibar well priced (25 AED for a medium size bottle of mineral water) and there was very little choice of English language TV (although you could pay extra for on demand movies) . We didn't like the fact that you had to pay 40 AED for 1 hour of WiFi or 90 AED for a day. You can get it free at many coffee shops (most Starbucks for example) , but then you have to lug your laptop round all day. The staff were helpful and plentiful. The pool is on the roof and is overlooked by workers on the construction site next door( who are working a couple of floors higher than the pool). It was clean and it has a jacuzzi and the gym is small but adequate and there is a sauna in the changing room.The restaurant serves a buffet breakfast from 6-10am and is adequate but nothing to get excited about. Hot items were luke warm and pastries were limp and prepackaged supermarket type.The main drawback to this hotel is the noise of the construction sites on each side. This work is going on 24 hours a day and I recommend taking earplugs if you want to get any sleep. This will obviously not be a probem in about a year when the work is finished. To summarise, I would say if you are getting a cheap room rate (their opening offers are competitive, but may rise in time) and you're not expecting a perfect luxury holiday then stay at the Grandeur. It is mostly business people staying for a couple of nights and very multi-cultural. I would not take children here until the construction is finished.	
