Jan 21 2009 	A balanced view	After reading the other reviews about this apartment I was a little worried. However, I am staying here for 6 weeks and 4 weeks in I think I can give a balanced view of the hotel apartments and address some of the concerns about the rooms. First, yes agreed you can get better but for the price you pay you will only get similar if not worse. True the rooms are darker than some but not overly dark – we are not talking black walls here. I don’t have a problem with the natural light levels in the room. They are tolerable. Facilities are plastic, again true however who really cares about having a plastic kettle. It is not the end of the world. Since being here I have had not one issue with the internet and I have been using it every evening. I have not been downloading films etc just general browsing and email. One small point on the noise – yes there is other building work going on but this is Dubai it is the building capital of the world. If you want to be in a noise free area then unfortunately you are going to need to pay more per night than this place. Again it is not overly noisy and only starts at about 7-8am. Right the good and the bad and the average Good – Staff. The staff is excellent, on my arrival they went to the petrol station and got me a coke and some milk (as it was late). They have responded to my every whim – taxi ordering, replacement items in the room etc. The maid has even been cleaning my plates etc. The location is great right on the main highway through Dubai – the marina 10mins, beach 10min the madinat 10mins (all in taxi of course) and all the other major shopping centres are near by. The apartments – they really are ok – yes not five star but you are not paying five star prices. I spent 3 months looking at apartments for a six week stay and this one was the best value with all factors taken. I looked at some other apartment hotels and they were over £50 a night more expensive. UK plugs in every room other than the kitchen – winner Average – breakfast – you get some pastries, coffee cereal the normal basics. They also do takeaway and you can negotiate breakfast in the price. Lifts – quite slow Décor – It’s a bit basic – no carpet anywhere in the rooms all tiled.  Reasonable selection of TV channels including movies and sports. BAD – I really don’t think, for the price I paid and in comparison to other stays I have had in Dubai anything that is really bad with the place. Of course if you are on your Honeymoon, with 4 kids or want total luxury this is not the place for you.	
Jan 4 2009 	The Legacy - You can get much much better elsewhere	The Legacy Hotel Apartments are great if you have incredibly low expectations.The hotel is surrounded by both complete and incomplete structures on a building site. The view from our room was of other unoccupied buildings and near complete structures. This is not unique for Dubai as much of it is under construction.The noise as such was audible throughout the day and night, although not unbearable. We stayed (without any choice in our accomodation) in a 2 bedroomed apartment. The hotel offers different colours for their interior decoration. It just so happened that our room was furnished in a dark green which made the living room / dining room area very very dark and quite depressing. The furniture is basic and somewhat outdated. The dining room table was incredible small and the four chairs could not even be pushed underneath it to maximise the space without each touching the other. The kitchen applicances ie toaster and kettle are plastic. The toaster broke after just 8 weeks of use and the clothes drier collapsed in even less time. To say that the apartments are furnished cheaply is an understatement. The electrics were also a bit precarious with constant sparks coming out of the wall when adaptors were used and even one adaptor had to be replaced due to it smouldering under the extreme heat.The rooms are serviced daily with towels and bed linen being changed and the rest of the room a basic clean. Stains still remained on bedside tables and dining room table after the room had been cleaned on more than one occasion.Internet service is slow but again I believe this is common for Dubai. Requests for additional services often remain unanswered, ie, replacement of lightbulbs in the room - none came, a change of sofas - several telephone calls over a period of days before one was replaced etc etc. In the UK I believe that this standard of hotel would be akin to that offered by social security to low budget or the unemployed. I honestly believe that there are much better hotel apartments offering better value for money locally so would not recommend The Legacy to avoid disappointment.	
Sep 6 2008 	Dark rooms	Stayed here for 2 weeks (booked initially for 4). The location is still pretty much a building site across dubai internet city, next to street 611 in The Greens. The views are either onto the next block, the building site or Sheik Zayed Road - so not really appealing.We booked a 1 room apartment - the pictures of the hotel on their web site are for real: the rooms are soo dark, you have to have the lights on during the whole day. The airco was so noisy and windy, that we had to turn it off to prevent headaches.The room service was ok, they even cleaned the dirty dishes.If you have to stay on a budget (around 16,000AED per month) and don't mind looking on a building site/busy street, it might be ok	
