	Nice hotel in Old Dubai	A good hotel but the location is not so nice. Hard to find and nothing to see from the hotel.But inside the hotel the facilities are good. Rare to find German restaurant is also there.The 24 hrs coffee shop is good and unlimited soft drinks etc are provided. Breakfast is good.Size of rooms are quite big. Good when you are going with kids.Don't go to Dubai during July-August, very hot and unbearable.Big shopping malls there to entertain. For short stay during Feb-March its OK.	
Nov 26 2009 	Good Marriott	We stayed five nights at the JW Marriott Dubai. The hotel is excellent. We used points and were upgraded at no charge to an Executive Suite. Check in was fast, easy, and uneventful. All aspects of the hotel, from the fitness center to the ease of getting taxis, were outstanding. Hotel restaurants. We usually don’t eat in the hotels but on our first night, we were too tired to go out. There was an Italian restaurant which charged about $50 for spaghetti, lasagna, and a large bottled water. It included all you can eat bread, as well. So, that is how the prices fall.Executive Lounge. One of the better lounges. Similar in amenities as Cairo and Mumbai. Free WiFi, breakfast has eggs/omelets to order, fruit, cereal, the works. You will not be disappointed.	
Nov 15 2009 	Great choice near airport	Stayed two nights in early October and was perfectly happy. Room was spacious and very comfortable, w/more than ample AC. Pool small, but nice. Executive Lounge has terrific breakfasts and happy hour drinks and snacks. Had also stayed once in 2004 and was equally pleased. Full recs!	
Nov 12 2009 	Best Hotel Ever Stayed In	Met a guy at the airport, happened to work there! He got me a luxury room for 1/3 price. Everything top class from amenties down to the pillows. The hotel is the size of a stadium. Everything first class.	
Oct 28 2009 	luxury at its best	dubai is famous for luxury. so jw marriot is a good choice if u r not looking for a hotel close to jumerah beach.	
Oct 18 2009 	JW Mariott in style	Your usual goodness...JW has it all; great rooms, terrific service, stylish amenities, amazing roof-top pool with Hookah and tents to chill out in to escape the hot sun. Awesome food...	
Oct 9 2009 	Classic hotel but not a gem	After a long trip, we arrived in Dubai for our second visit. We chose to stay 2 nights at the JW to be close to the old town, but also enjoy a good hotel.If your main focus is shopping, you better stay at the other end of Dubai, as traffic can be a real pain. The shopping mall next to the hotel was a joke and around the place there are not many options.The hotel itself boasts beatiful rooms, although the views are pretty boring. The breakfast was very decent and the gym seemed very popular. The top floor (pool and snack bar) was kind of a let down, as I was expecting something more from such a large hotel. There are many restaurants in the hotel, even a starbucks in the lobby. We tried a couple and were not impressed, although the food and service were not bad. just not exceptional.I found the serving of arabic coffee in the lobby to be a nice touch, and everyone was helpful with our little boy. Housekeeping was very efficient and Reception welcomed us warmly even at 7am. They were understanding and tried to accommodate us as soon as possible.If you don't want to end up paying double the taxi fares, then ask for a normal taxi at the entrance. The doormen(for commission purposes), would usually go for luxury cars if you don't say anything and that can be expensive if you go a long way. Overall a nice stay, but if you want a retreat opt for the something else. This is more ficused to the business traveler.	
Oct 1 2009 	Desert Beauty	10 days of sun, sand and sensational fun. The JW Marriott, business executive level was phenomenal. The rooms were neat clean and up to date. They catered to my needs and at one point even helped me packed my stuff so that I could catch my flight. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling. The only thing I did not like was the location it was close to the airport but far from the things that I wanted to do and traffic is terrible at certain times of the day. Overall a fantastic business trip.	
Sep 6 2009 	Wowwww	Unbelievable hotel. Wonderful food in the resturants in hotel . 15 minute cab ride to gold market or 25 minute cab ride to Mall of the Emirates.Enjoy the skiing. Extremely attentive staff. Spotlessly clean and shiny. rooms were roomy and well appointed	
Aug 26 2009 	A true five star hotel.	My family and I received a true five star reception upon arrival at the hotel. I was very impressed with the service both at reception and in the room. The staff were very polite and extremely helpful. I liked the close proximity to the airport and would definitely be staying there again on my next visit to Dubai. Thank you Marriott.	
Aug 21 2009 	Dubai Business trip	I stayed in this hotel whilst travelling for a conference at the Dubai International Airport complex.The Hotel is, quite frankly, very special indeed. Whilst I appreciate one shouldn't really compare hotel standard in this country against the norms in the rest of the world, the hotel was exceptional in terms of quality.The staff were very professional from the moment I was greeted at the door. The quaility of decor is truely first class. the room I had booked (a club room on a special discounted rate) was palatial. a separate shower and bath with double sink. The cloakroom area was huge too. as for the bedroom itself, you could quite easily get lost. the beds were among some of the most comfortable I have slept in, and I always pine for my home bed whilst I am away travelling, so that really is saying something.The restaurants were very high quality but quite expensive, I guess, as you would expect. But there were plenty of different cuisines to choose from.the concierge was very attentive at oganising transport and the taxi services were generally very good to get you where you needed to go. English is no problem there.The clubroom for breakfasts (part of my package) was an excellent experience and, again, the staff were superb and could not do enough to help. the same applied in there fore early evening drinks and nibbles.Overall, a great experience.	
Aug 19 2009 	Getting worse....	I have used this hotel four times over the last two years as it is convenient when I am working in Dubai. The service has become more superficial on each visit.This time the complimentary airport pick up was not waiting despite the confirmed email of date, time and flight arrival. Not what you want when arriving from Europe at midnightWhen I arrived at the hotel the booking was wrong - contrary to the email confirmation. Spending 15 minutes at 1am sorting this out is not fun.When I got to the room, went to get into bed only to find a live cockroach in the bedding. Now its about 1.45 am and I am stripping the bed to make sure I have no other six legged surprises!The room key was then disabled at 12 midday despite late checkout and paying 75% of the room rate for the privilege - which means walking down to reception to get the key reset. Every time..... tiresome to say the leastI will not be going back. There are plenty of other hotels that want business.	
Aug 14 2009 	Dont know why-really didnt like this hotel	This is a massive hotel which looks like it has hundreds of rooms..Plenty of variety in the eating area but my stay was tainted by pretty lousy service in the lobby lounge. Found getting around the hotel quite challenging due to its size and a bit confusing to get to the pool area which could be sign posted a bit better. Lucky enough to have a party in the room next to me to the early hours of the morning which also has coloured my views. Wouldnt stay there again - too many quality hotels at a similar price that offers better value,	
Aug 5 2009 	Great Value For US Government Travelers	Agree with all favorable comments in these reviews. Spacious room, friendly and very competent staff (Business Center able to get us confirmed on flight to Djibouti which we were not able to accomplish on our own), outstanding buffett restaurant and sports bar; excellent coffee, etc., etc..The US Govt charged to us, with tax, was less than $130 per night. For that cost, in this location, value offered is almost unbelievable.If traveling on US Govt business, stay here, safe Uncle some money, and enjoy.	
Aug 2 2009 	Do NOT stay at this hotel if you want any form of service	This is the worst Marriott hotel I have ever stayed in , and I have stayed over 55night in this chain over the last 12 months .Service was dreadful I pre ordered wine in the room did not arrive but charged for it ! Room service food was cold , no hot water in the room , Rooms themselves are very tired and noisey we had to move rooms 3 times , no hot water in the room its luke warm.The DVD player did not work and they couldn't fix it or offer a replacement Reception staff are rude , I had to ask 4 times to have some icce delivered to the room .I am really strugling to find anything positive about this hotel the only good thing was the beds are very comfortable otherwise the hotel in every way is just BAD !!	
Jul 2 2009 	Truly 5* in every sense. Staff excellent location average but cheap cabs make it no problem	I have to say this was one of the best hotel experiences of my life at any level. The standard of service was second to none; the check in staff, restaurant and pool staff all made us feel very welcome. The bed was probably the most comfortable I have ever slept in, and the steak in the JW Steakhouse was definitely the best I've ever had.Lets start with our arrival; the hotel is close to the airport (the only negative of this hotel is its location as mentioned in other reviews), so we got there about 30 mins after we stepped off the plane thanks in part to Emirates super fast new terminal. This meant that we were in our room and able to shower after an overnight flight within 45 mins of landing. The instant cool of the air conditioned (vast) lobby was most welcome. The very friendly receptionist noticed from my passport that is was my birthday and when I cheekily asked if there may be an upgrade available, she was more than happy to accommodate and we were upgraded to a suite. Not a bad start.After getting settled in the room, we were brought fresh fruit and juice as well as ice and water, before heading up to the fantastic roof top swimming pool. It was about 45 degrees when we were there but there were shaded areas and the pool was a good temperature. The staff at the pool also kept coming round with cold towels and (more!) fresh fruit.In the evening we ate in the JW Steakhouse and I honestly had the best steak of my life - the Wagyu Ribeye was like butter in the mouth. My girlfriend had the steak selection of rump, sirloin and fillet and this too was fantastic. It wasn't cheap (about £150 for 2 mains, wine and coffee) but the Wagyu itself was £50!, and it was still fantastic value for the quality of food. I ate in the Al Mahatma restaurant in the Burj a couple of years ago and this was much better.Whilst the location wasn't ideal, the city cabs are very cheap and it's only about £10 to Jumeirah where most of the other hotels and restaurants we visited were located. Warning - make sure you take a city cab (yellow with a taxi sign), as the private taxis say they are the same price but are about double for the same ride in a marginally nicer car.We visited the Atlantis hotel for the Aquaventure (good value in the summer and even cheaper (150 Dhs) after 3pm until 6pm - we found this enough time). I probably would have been disappointed if I'd paid the full price of 300 Dhs. We also went to Jumeirah beach - ok but to be honest there are better things to do in Dubai - and in the summer the sea was like a bath!One thing I strongly recommend is a visit to the Dubai Mall and the Burj Dubai - it's quite something to see the world's tallest tower next to the world's largest shopping mall, in front of the world's biggest fountain - think Bellagio x 10 - the light and sound show is amazing and runs about every 20 mins.As we had a very late flight (3am) the hotel were happy to hold our bags and provide us with beach towels until we left. Loved Dubai even more this time round, largely due to our choice of hotel. I would happily stay here again.	
Jun 18 2009 	Refined hotel... in unrefined location but cheap cabs	OK... so lets get this bit out the way... the location is rotten... well, not stinky rotten, but undeniably poor. Its very close to the airport though, but there are closer hotels, some of which are on the airport, so its location has no real upsides, if you want to stay at the airport for a night... stay on the airport, if you want to stay in Dubai, stay in Dubai proper, yes? Well no, actually, and this comes down to one fact... laughably cheap and plentiful taxis!Before we go on, a short explanation about the Dubai cab system. Firstly the standing charge, thats £4 from the airport and £1 from the streets. The fare thereafter is about 33p per mile! With no charge for waiting time, which is just as well, the roads are packed and vary between dead stop (which can last a long time) and murderously fast. Driving in Dubai is a nightmare, heck you take your life in your hands merely crossing the road (Tip. dont jaywalk... unless you want to be turned to jam, motorists neither give nor expect any quarter in their relentless war of movement... or frequently, non-movement!) No mercy is shown here, the uncertain hire car jockey should expect relentless abuse. But with cabs so cheap, why hire a car and suffer? The citycabs are invariably relatively new airconditioned Toyotas painted beige with different coloured roofs depending upon the company that operates the licence.Nonetheless do be aware that alongside the citycabs exist private cabs. These are generally more luxurious, Lexus or BMW... or alternatively peoplecarriers with larger capacities... but also more expensive, expect to pay about 50p a mile where fitted with a meter, otherwise fix a price before getting in. The Hotel porters are unfairly accused of summoning private cabs but I dont think thats so. Mostly a citycab is dropping someone off at the hotel so you use those, but where momentarily that isn't the case the porter will go out into the roads and flag down the first cab. I saw private cabs waiting near the hotel on many occasions to pull in. If you want a citycab make that clear to the porter. Dubai itself is is a sprawling urban metropolis, a semi-independent citystate in the UAE, so wherever you stay you'll only be close to what you're near, and that wont be anything like everything... if you see what I mean! The JW is close to none of the touristy bits... but the airport... yet for less than £5 in one of the municipality airconditioned cabs you'll get anywhere around this sprawling city. The cost of cabs is so cheap that the JW becomes a hotel to consider... And well worth considering it is!All the rooms are sumptuously furnished with the fab Marriot bed. The buffet breakfasts are astonishing in their breadth of choice. The swimming pool area on the top of the hotel is a haven of tranquility from the dusty, busy streets below. The JW has a huge number of restaurants on the premises not to mention a similar number in the mall connected to the hotel. Food choices hence abound.Service throughout the hotel is faultlessly good but a special mention must go to the JW Steakhouse, wonderful service, great surroundings and the Chateaubriand steak is not to be missed. Others have commented how fab the JW steakhouse is and I can only concur. No other restaurant in Dubai stood up to it, not even the Burj Al Arab... yes we did eat there and pass on this hint, if you want to go to the top you need to book afternoon tea, not that it'll be anything like those from Claridges... but you will at least get the view from the top of the Burj. The Burj is in fact about 25km from the Hotel so the cab is about £10 each way... As I said, cabs are laughably cheap!!Now whilst cabs are cheap, booze, I am afraid, is not. Expect to pay £7 for 330ml beer and since alcohol can only be sold in hotel bars, you'll not avoid that punishment whenever you drink out. Off licence alcohol, if you can find it is apparently hideously expensive... and from what I read unavailable to tourists (officially a &quot;dry&quot; city, only non residents can drink alcohol and only in hotel bars, or from off licences where the purchaser needs the licence!). My advice... pick up a slab of cans from the duty free arrivals hall at Dubai International, if you're arriving by Emirates its next to the baggage reclaim. Still expensive, but not murderous, the personal allowance is 24x330ml cans which cost £19. Put them into the hotelroom fridge and at least you have the daytime drinks covered. AND in May, you will be in your room during the daytime, as the temperature is unbelievably hot.We would get up at 6 or 7am, go to the pool and sunbathe for a few hours, come in for breakfast at 10 and then siesta in our room or go to airconditioned areas till 2 or 3pm when we'd go to the beach, or venture out into the non airconditioned sights and souks.I know many have written stating that Dubai is no longer the bargain palace it was, but with the exception of alcohol and hotel food, Dubai ranges from relatively inexpensive to bonkers cheap when you leave behind the main tourist trails. Do note, getting to the beach is a cab ride so definitely, if you're planning going for the beach all day, every day, I'd suggest you stay at the hotels around Jumeriah, although you'll then miss out on Dubai... aha, choices, choices!Next, what to do? Well, a big recommendation this one... definitely do the Desert Safari, its an experience of a lifetime, and one you wont forget. Do beware, on the desert safaris you do get what you pay for. Ours cost a relatively expensive 250aed per person, booked via concierge, but the driver was a consummate expert and took the dunes on much more adventurously than most others, the jeep was at the higher end of the market and made the ride much better for faster acceleration, he also took part in a &quot;dune rally&quot; at the end, rather than heading straight for the road as most did. Do it, you'll not regret it!Also do go on the evening boat trip. This one shouldn't be booked with the conceirge, they'll recommend a hideoudsly expensive cruise. Just go down to the waterfront on the evening you want to go at about 7.30pm. Walk past the boats and the owners will reduce their prices for your business, since some leave at 8pm and others at 8.30, you do need to start meandering around at 7.30pm. Our trip included all food and unlimited booze for half the cost of the hotel recommendation... and was absoloutely excellent!Lastly, the Souks are another must. Walk around, drink in the atmosphere and get haggling! You'll walk away with a bargain and a great afternoon/evenings entertainment!So, finally, returning to the hotel... all in all, great sized rooms, fab public areas, direct airconditioned walking connection to a good mall (the bureaux de change at the mall offers excellent rates, so change your sterling there) and a wonderful rooftop swimming pool with attentive staff, and scrupulous cleanliness definitely deserves its 5 stars... No its not Claridges, or any of the opulent 5 star palaces, but neither does it charge like them. This hotel is a full on, solid 5 star experience, and with some astonishing roomrates makes it a value proposition as a base to expore and immerse yourself into the city.	
Jun 5 2009 	Excellent Staff Brilliant services	I frequently keep travelling to Dubai on one nighters, and this hotel provided me the best stay so far.The staff are exceptionally warm and eager to help, the location of the hotel is conveniently close from the airport, and yet also close to malls and other attractions.The hotel also provides a free coach service to one of the biggest malls around - City Centre.The rooms are spacious and clean, and housekeeping will keep your room magically tidy whenever you step out (unless theres a DND on your door).The food in the room service menu is as delicious as the award winning restaurants it boasts of. A must try is the Lamb Biryani.If your not such a fan of the cuisine, definately step into the Bamboo Lagoon or the Market Place restaurants!!! The buffet is yummy, and theres something interesting for everyone (apart from the live music and dancing).The Friday Brunch is highly recommended where you can just pay once and walk in and out (and eat all you want) of the same restaurant for the next 12 hours or so!The only thing that doesnt make sense is a rooftop pool, taken the boiling heat in dubai, you can pay a visit only aftr the sun sets.But the gym and spa are very well equiped!A must try for first timers, the services and help rendered by the staff are worth every penny.	
May 28 2009 	Excellent hotel	Stayed here for a weekend and got the 3 nights for 2 special via the visa promotion.The manager of this hotel was very competent and courteous. Spacious and clean rooms. Good size bathroom, Greeted one the first day with a lovely tray of fruits and coffee. Free valet parking. High cost for internet was on the ridiculous side.The Friday brunch was excellent. Excellent gym and the roof top pool was very relaxing.The staff come around and offer the guests strawberries while you enjoy sun lounging.The ambiance was grand and we could not fault this hotel. Thanks to the manager and his team for their excellent service.	
May 26 2009 	Enjoyed The Marriot	This hotel is enormous and if I am honest on the walk to my suite (which was beautiful) after getting out of the lift, I thought I was never going to get there. Unfortunately my stay was only overnight but I was impressed by the hotel. There were enough goodies in my suite to forego dinner. It would have been lovely if I could have stayed longer but fear I would have seen nothing of Dubai because the suite was so luxurious I don't think I would have wanted to leave it. Would have no hesitation what so ever in staying in this hotel again.	
May 6 2009 	This hotel just keeps getting better	I've stayed several times in this hotel and the buzz just gets steadily better. The bar snacks prices are a bit steep, sure, and it was a bit of a fight to get free conference wi-fi extended into the evenings, but on the whole the staff can't do too much to please you, the food is good, the rooms sizeable, the conference facilities excellent (a huge ballroom for instance), policies generally lax and the sightseeing excellent. This hotel is an excellent illustration of Dubai's superiority to the rest of the region in the hospitality stakes. I forgot to mention the superb gym, Griffins. Look out for Tarek, he's a gem. You could even take your family to this place and they would not be disappointed.	
Apr 19 2009 	Great pro-active service made my trip	I stayed at the JW Marriot for two nights. We flew in to Dubai, although our business was in Abu Dhabi just because of better flights. I received an e-mail a week before my trip from the JW virtual concierge service asking if there was anything I needed or special requests. As I have been to Dubai before I knew it is pretty easy to cab it to a hotel but sometimes the cabs are picky about where they want to go and since it was a late flight with a colleage, I just did not want to deal with that so I asked for a car at the airport and one to take us to Abu Dhabi the following day. We got there - not only was there are a car but there was a member of the Marriott staff waiting for us before customs and helped to expidite us through the lines and got our luggage off the carosel as we were going through customs. We drove to the hotel in a 7-series BMW with cool towels and drinks (water). We were both upgraded to enormous suites. Yes the furniture is not &quot;of the moment&quot; but it was in good shape and the staff was wonderful. On our return we stayed another night . I am sure this is not THE Dubai luxury experience, but for business travel it was a god value and GREAT service. I woudl definately stay there again.	
Apr 15 2009 	Pretty good corporate hotel	Don't expect character, this is a big corporate hotel. The rooms are mostly around an atrium and our room looked over a pretty ugly road/car park. Still it's sound insulated and as it was a suite had everything we needed.	
Mar 26 2009 	Stupid bathroom lay out and cleanliness issues	Hi, I stayed here for 2 nights in the Atrium wing. This place is huge. Room: Pleasant to look at if you dont look too deeply. Alot of wasted space. No wireless. beds were comfortable. 2 AC controls so hard to regulate the temp. No kettle! Room showing some wear. beds are close to the wall on one side.Bathroom: stupidest lay out ever! Toilet is behind the frosted glass door with the doorstop at your feet. I swear they mixed up the bedet and the toilet during construction. Lots of mildew in the grout of the shower and previous guests hair and strings were present on shower and bathroom floor.The staff are the stars here not the property. It is also near the airportThe restaurants are OK. The pool is on the roof. The fitness area is OK There are better places to stay in DXB. Just stay here if you really need to earn or redeem points.	
Mar 19 2009	good typical marriott hotel- good for business and stopovers for tourists	This is a typical plush, business oriented J W Marriott. I am a gold card holder and was upgraded to a suite which was a nice plus. Rooms are typical of Marriotts so you know what you will get- all have dvd players and are of a very good standard- with the usual sublime marriott beds in them. (best in the industry!). No balconies and back to back with other buildings- so do not expect a room with a view... you won't get one!I had no problems at all with cleanliness in the room and hotel -and thought the staff cleaning the rooms were polite, friendly and efficient. The exec lounge is also one of the best the Marriott group has- offering a great variety of (free) food and snacks 24 hours/day- and a 2 hour slot in the evening not only for canapes but for free drinks (wine, beer, spirits- which cost a fortune in bars in dubai so definintely worth booking to get exec lounge access. Pls note- drinks are crazily priced and not all places have licenses- so a tip would be to throw in a bottle in your case- or buy at duty free shop on the way in). People using the hotel are mainly business people and airline crews and support teams. And dress code is thus a bit more formal.The pool area is perfectly ok - a roof top respite from dusty, construction obsessed Dubai. The service can be a bit slow, my first attempt to order food resulted in a hour's wait and a lot of chasing- albeit they were good enough to not charge me, other occasions they were faster (in fact- that would be my one small complaint re the hotel- follow up can take a long time in all depts, and small requests like wake up calls can get completely forgotten!! and they did forget so one day i missed a tour as i overslept..). There is a big gym, but sadly no spa as such. They offer 3 very basic (and over-priced massages) but that is it. and close at 8pm for massages- so if you are out during the day- tough luck! A bit of a surprize that no spa given the size of the hotel.Location-wise- it is 10 mins from the airport ( 30 aed- 6£ to get there and then a mere £3 from hotel to airport with the good standard taxi service.). You are 20 minutes walk from the creek (think M Palin and his dhows) which might be the best place to stay as for a bit of local culture (what is left of it) and views then this is i think the best location and some nice restaurants in the area with pretty good prices v London (altho if 36 degrees plus- perhaps better not to walk), 15 mins from one of the malls- Deira city centre (altho crazy prices- much higher than in the UK so forget the shopping myth)- from where you can also get on the big bus tour. Now- this was the best find in Dubai. For £40 you get a ticket valid 2 days to hop on and off - so you can buy at 2pm and use til 2pm the next day. There are 2 routes- central Dubai and then the beach route. Included is an hour's walking tour of the old iranian settled part with wind towers -and of the spice and gold souks(the one and only old part as most of it is blitzed and sadly now a new concrete jungle). Plus a dhow boat tour for an hour. plus entrance to 2 museums. Tips for anyone contemplating a long stay of more than 2-3 days or the beach area- research carefully. The beach area i thought was horrible- an artificial concrete jungle of hotels and buildings and construction going on right next to all hotels- including the really tacky atlantis and also the ultra expensive burj and jumeirah hotels. (construction is going on or ground to a halt presumably due to financing issues? all over Dubai so it is pretty bad and you will either feel a bit like a small part actor on a ME style disneyworld film set or a construction site....). Worth a visit tho just to see- some may even like it- but 3 days would have on hindsight been quite enough.....I would recommend this hotel definitely to anyone going on business and most likely to friends going for 2-3 days not wanting a beach experience (i wld not recommend Dubai for the beach tho full-stop). I wld tho say also look at the creek facing hotels with balconies..	
Feb 26 2009 	Staff made this trip	The hotel is prime for people who want a safe, affordable non-beach experience. The hotel is co-located with a small mall, next to police station, near the airport and central to almost everything else. While the room had some initial cleanliness issues, they more than made up for it with the attentiveness and service. The staff in the Vienna Cafe made my jet lagged children feel welcome in a way that only a parent can appreciate, and the latte was divine!!!! We were especially happy to get local tips and advice from the concierge desk. It seemed to be a business traveler hot-spot but we enjoyed the attentiveness we received.	
Feb 9 2009 	not a true JW hotel I'm a platimum elite marriott member 	Worst stay at a Marriott property ever, I travel for a living and rely on Marriott quality and service, both are lacking here. The rooms smelled like smoke and when I complained they just sprayed some air freshener in the room. The service I received was below the standard of lower Marriott properties and they made little if any attempt to improve during my 2 week stay. It got so bad that I changed hotels just to get out of there, since it’s close to the airport it’s a favorite of pilots but that’s about it. It looks nice but fails to live up to expectations mainly due to the service. The only redeeming value in the hotel is the JW Marriott steakhouse. The best restaurant in Dubai, and the best steakhouse I have been in. Don't stay at the hotel but do go in for a meal you'll never forget	
Jan 5 2009	Christmas in Dubai	We decided to spend the end of the year in Dubai and settled for JW Marriott. I did check Trip Advisor and saw how the hotel received good reviews, which made us decide to choose this hotel and I have to say that it was a good stay. The hotel is meticulously clean and is constantly swept and cleaned. We booked two rooms with an interconnecting door, so that we could keep an eye on the kids. 'The Market,' the restaurant presented a wide range of breakfasts and the ‘JW’s’ steak house on the basement served delicious meals. We ate here about three times and I have to say that it was much better than the meals we had at Burj Al Arab and elsewhere. There were also a few times that we had breakfast at 'The Vienna', on the ground floor, and the food, again, was delicious.  The concierge was very friendly and helpful in booking our meals at the Burj Al Arab (Xmas Eve) and Babs Al Sham (New Years Eve). They quickly told guests when the Gaza had been bombed by Israel that the King of Dubai issued an edict stating there would be no fireworks display or celebrations in the street. As a result they quickly booked alternatives or kept us updated so that we would not be disappointed. They would readily book us a taxi/limo or the shuttle to take us where ever we wanted. The choir that sang each evening up to Christmas Day was a pleasant surprise and was not a note out of place. If I’m lucky to get the opportunity of going to Dubai again, I certainly would not hesitate to stay in the Marriott.	
Dec 17 2008 	Good Hotel but not the best in Dubai	This hotel is located in Deira, which is the old part of Dubai, near Dubai airport.The Hotel is &quot;old&quot; in the modern city of Dubai, it open 1993, and the new extension open in 2000.The rooms in the new extension (they call it Times Square room) is bigger than the old part.The hotel is nice, but if you compare it to other hotels in Dubai, you will find a standard 5 star business hotel, but not a luxury hotel.The staff is great and well trained.There is a small shopping mall connected to the hotel, but it doesn’t have grocery market.The only disadvantage as a 5 star hotel, there is no coffee and tea maker in the room!	
Nov 29 2008 	Good Business hotel in Deira 	Choose this hotel if you have business in Deira or the airport area. Road access, as in all of Dubai is painful. Close to airport. Good brand standard hotel. Claims 5 stars but really 4 star hotel done well.Good choice of restaurants, valet parking and most bells and whistles you might need. Internal connection to a rather average shopping mall.	
Nov 21 2008 	five stars !	Stayed at the hotel between the 18th and 20th of november, the hotel always maintains a high standard, clean , friendly greeting from professional front desk and lobby staff, room was of a very high standard well equiped, turn down service was a nice touch.I ate in one of the restaurants , i must praise the manager of the german restaurant, he is always very friendly and welcoming, my only gripe is the price of the cable internet in the rooms at 20 ponds for 24 hours is a bit steep compared to other hotels/ marriots, despite that i would recomend this hotel to anyone travelling to dubai for a short trip, close to the airport, takes about 25minutes even in heavy traffic. Great hotel , great staff !	
Aug 4 2008 	Loved this hotel!	I absolutely loved staying at the JW Marriott Dubai. A friend and I went for a weekend in Dubai and were very happy. The rooms are ultra comfortable, big, and clean. The bathroom is especially nice. The staff was accommodating and kind. Restaurants in the hotel were excellent, especially the steak house. The sports bar was unimpressive and hard to find though. An excellent choice if you want to stay city centre in Dubai. I would definitely go back!	
Jun 29 2008 	Solid hotel	My second stay here, with a 4 year gap in between. It's a fine city hotel, the restaurants are good and the proximity to the airport make it a good option if you are arriving late or leaving early.The rooms are starting to look a little bit tired now, I saw no changes from my last stay and I think they should be thinking about a spruce up really. That's not to say they are shabby, far from it, and don't be put off by this, but I think they could go that way if they are not careful (carpets starting to frey a little at the edges, wallpaper starting to peel a little here and there.	
Jun 2 2008 	I enjoyed staying at the JW Marriott and my kids too	I enjoyed staying at JW marriot and so did my family. I would strongly recommend it to families with children. Also Hammer ain shopping center is just a walk from the main lobby.	
May 25 2008 	Great Hotel	The rooms here are very nicely appointed. They are clean, spacious, and have every amenity imaginable. The bed is very comfortable and the bathroom is huge. The staff is friendly and helpful. The only downside for this hotel is the location. It is located in a business/commercial area and not close to the tourist areas.	
May 13 2008 	Dubai a Great City!	The JW Marriott is wonderful fine experience and filled with many restaurant that wet your appetite every moment. The location is outstanding and the staff go beyond the call of duty to make your stay memorable.The room and public space were extremely clean and you must dine at the JW Steakhouse and Cucina Italian Restaurant. Both were outstanding!My hats off to the GM and entire staff!	
Mar 7 2008 	Good location for all there is to see	We stayed at the JW Marriott for 7 nights. Our room was huge eventhough it wasn't a suite and the staff treated us like we were their only guest. This hotel is very clean, has a lot of options for meals, and is conveniently located so there are plenty of cabs coming and going at all hours (Dubai has a taxi cab problem.... there aren't enought of them). I have nothing bad to say about this hotel. The staff was very accommodating, getting us checked in at 9:30 a.m. after a 6 a.m. flight arrival.... unheard of!One thing that I loved about the rooms at this hotel was that they were like small apartments - the bathroom was separate from the bedroom and there was a small living room area with a sofa and coffee table besides the desk and chair. The bathroom was divided into two tooms - one with a double sink, large mirror, and closet, and the other room with the toilet, tub, and HUGE shower. I would stay here again for sure.	
Mar 3 2008 	Good hotel for business and airport	Stayed at hotel in mid Feb for business. Smart, well presented hotel with very helpful staff. Situated in Deira and about 10 minutes from airport. Hotel is much more for local Emiratis or Middle East customers than for tourists seeking all round Dubai experience. Hotel is situated in residential area in older part of Dubai with a local shopping mall next door. Hotel is good location for business meetings in the area or for a stopover if needing a good place near the airport. Can be quite a long trip to Jumeirah and other beach areas if you are stuck in regular Dubai traffic chaos/jams. Good location for catching an early morning plane. Excellent standard of rooms; large spacious and spotless. Excellent breakfast buffet and large choice of restaurants. Even a Sports Bar in the basement. Arrived early morning and staff kindly arranged check-in at 1030 hrs in morning with no hastle. Cost varied from £100 to £150 per night over 4 days.	
Feb 25 2008	my favorourite hotel in \dubai	J W MARRIOTT - DEIRA (BUSINESS END) DUBAIThis hotel is something else! The staff are 2nd to none-the food out of this world* We ate ate at the Burj al Arab one night as a treat (Al Muthahha-23rd floor approx?) that was crap! We were very dissapointed with the decor of the restaurant, even a ripped carpet there!! Over priced-dont mind paying for good food and surroundings, but it would have suited a casino or bingo hall.The market place restaurant at the Marriott was totally splendid, good quality and very reasonable. The gold souks were great-buy material if you enjoy dressmaking! It was interesting, the shops are totally awe inspiring. We went during Ramadam, and in the evening its called 'Iftar' where the fast breaks, and then you eat like kings. No alcohol will be served before 7.00 in the evening, plus during Ramadam dont eat or drink in public! Its an insult to the Muslims. Al Karama is a place to go for absoloutely everything - even all the fakes! handbags,watches shoes. You can have a haggle and a laugh. Dubai, is very populated with Indian workers, and shop keepers, all very polite. If I could fault the Marriott, it is the swimming pool is too small for the size of the hotel, but it has a great fitness room. ~Get a taxi to Jumeirah beach, dont go in the morning/evening rush hour! traffic is manic.Dont take a camera to the beach as you will be prevented from using it! Dubai is definitely on my list to go again soon. I love the Middle East-and know you will too. Remeber to display respect in your way of dressing-its not Benidorm! read my info on Sharm-el-sheikh.	
Feb 22 2008	Great Service	Pros: Everyone was very friendly to us at the JW Marriott, and willing to go above and beyond to help. The location is very convenient to the airport and not far from the major city attractions. If you have access to the executive lounge, it is a very nice one with fantastic food and beverages. We had a flawless stay here. Cons: At certain hours it can take a while (15 minutes) to get a taxi from the hotel, though it might be like this throughout Dubai. I don't think this would be a very child friendly place compared to some of the other hotels in Dubai (great for those who want a quiet hotel, worse for those with children).	
Jan 28 2008 	Loved JW Marriott	I have just returned from Dubai and we stayed at the JW Marriot for 10 days.We were 5 adults and a baby, the Hotel is superb and very comfortable stay was had by all. There are 14 restuarants in the hotel and we used the open air swimming pool when the wheather permitted. We had 2 days when it rained all day and then the rest of the holiday was dry but not very hot. We went to have lunch at the BURG AL ARAB which was £66.00 p per person and well worth it.We also hired a 7 seater mini bus with a driver to do some site seeing. I found Dubai to a hugh construction site and 10 days are too much, there is only so much shopping you can do.We went to the Emirates mall, Burgaman Mall, the City centre Mall, Meena Bizzare and i also did a desert safari which was great fun.I think a couple of days stop over while going to the east or a long weekend would be enough in Dubai.The best thing about the holiday was the JW Marriot. A first class hotel with the staff being the friendliest i have seen for a long while.The Taxis are very hard to get hold off from the shopping malls and the traffic is very bad.I would not want to drive in Dubai.	
Jan 6 2008 	Absolutely top class!	Stayed here for 2 nights on return from New Zealand just after New year with my wife and 2 children. The hotel was absolutely superb!! Top quality accomodation at a good price. The staff were of the highest standard, very courteous at all times and nothing was of any trouble to them at all. The concierge staff in particular I would commend for their knowledge and ability to get things done for you.We ate at JW's steakhouse, best steak ever!!We also ate at the market place which had an amazing brunch on the Friday, lasted from noon till midnight, all you could eat, with a selection of food that was second to none. Amazing value.Lastly, the beds.........amazingly comfortable.The hotel is situated in the old part of town but with the price of taxi's being so cheap, it was no problem getting around.I would have no hesitation in using this hotel again.	
Dec 11 2007	Very good Hotel!	Stayed four nights here for business and it was a pure delight!The staff is very friendly and helpful, the service excellent!And, the steakhouse!! Don't miss the opportunity to eat Wagyu beef, I haven't had a better steak in my entire life, in fact I ate here two nights in a row.Nice pool on the top. I strongly recommend this hotel unless you have to swim the open sea.Peter	
Dec 2 2007 	Nice hotel at a nice price	Stayed on the Executive Floor (great deal) with my wife for 3 nights. We stayed at the JWM Dubai in 2000. The hotel has not changed that much. Nice 5*, good service, albeit a bit dated.Rooms are large and have a king sized bed, good sheets/comforter/pillows. There is also a sofa, 2 chairs, coffee table, magazine rack, desk, TV stand/TV (nice, but not a flat panel LCD/plasma). Standard mini-bar with HIGH prices (you can buy up to 4 bottles of alcohol at the Arrivals Dubai Duty Free; take advantage of it, if you wish). There is an in-room safe and a nice selection of amenities (robe, nice towels, toiletries, etc).Room was comfortable, but a bit dated; looks like the same furnishings as in 2000. Get an interior room that overlooks the indoor atrium; great view of the area around some of the restaurants and it beats a street view. The hotel is about 15 minutes from the airport, depending on traffic (which is awful). If you stay on the executive floor, there is a complimentary pick-up/drop-off service from/to the airport (a nice Mercedes sedan). The driver meets you on the lower level of the arrival terminal, just prior to immigration control. The location is OK, not great. It's connected to a small shopping center (Hamrain Center), and relatively close to some other shopping. But a bit of a ride from the main shopping areas (but taxis are relatevely cheap).Service was good; housekeeping kept the place nice and the folks at the executive floor desk were helpful. The executive floor lounge is nicely furnished and has a decent breakfast buffet, heavy hors d'oeuvres at night, snacks and coffee(cappuccino) and sodas throughout the day and complimentary 'name brand' cocktails in the evening. Service in the lounge was excellent. There is complimentary wi-fi service in the executive lounge, and two internet capable computers and a printer in the executive floor business center. There are several good restaurants. The Steak House may be the best in town, and the German restaurant is very good. We ate at the Italian restaurant (same area as the Steak House); romantic setting and good food. About the only negatives about the hotel: - no coffee maker in the room. A small point, as there is coffee, etc., in the lounge. But not great for those of us who like a cup of Joe before showering. - in-room internet access is 100 dirhams/day (about $27 USD). Again, there is wi-fi in the lounge, but why charge an excessive rate in a premium room?Overall, I would recommend the hotel, especially if you qualify for a discount rate. Not as much glitz/glamor as some of the newer high-end hotels in town, but a nice room with good service.	
Nov 23 2007 	Four Seasons quality at Marriott prices.	We are platinum members and were in a regular room. It was great. Everything was simply wonderful – very large room, perfect condition with separate marble shower, bath and sink. About once every few years I find a hotel ambience so incredible that I feel I could move into there. This was one. The concierge lounge breakfast included not only six hot dish choices (e.g. beef bacon and sausage, potatoes) you could have eggs to order. There were perhaps 20 other items ranging from European cheeses to hummus and the best baba ganoush I have ever tasted. Our first night included a buffet the next day (Friday is Sunday in Muslim countries) which I was inclined to skip until it was mentioned to me three times during our check-in. we went and what a treat it was. There were half shell oysters from France, fresh sushi with free Sake, a Munich-certified Hofbrau house from Munich and much, much more. You simply went from restaurant to restaurant selecting whatever you choose.I have never been to the Grand Hyatt—and I cannot imagine what they could do to top our experience at the JW – arguably the best hotel we have ever stayed in and we have been Gold / Platinum members with Marriott for many years and now Starwood also.	
Nov 8 2007 	An old 5 star hotel	I chose to stay at the JW Marriott Dubai because I am a Platinum Marriott member and the internet description on the Marriott website made it sound enticing. I stayed seven nights. The hotel is less than 10 minutes from the airport (about $15 Dirham’s to the airport, $25 Dirham’s leaving the airport) which is great because the traffic in Dubai in the morning and evening is horrendous. Upon entering the hotel at 11:00 pm to check-in the lobby is grand and well appointed. I had reserved four rooms at the hotel for myself and others in my party. Check-in was routine. I was upgraded to a suite on the second floor room 275. Upon entering the room there was a big living room with bedroom off to one side. I stay in Marriott’s over 100 nights per year….this room needs to be updated. The furniture in this room was old…and has seen many better days. The bedroom was a standard Marriott King bedroom….nothing fancy about it. Internet service will run you about $30 U.S dollars a day….its free in the Concierge lounge if you have access. The real fun began my first night. Room 275 sits over a small group of restaurants. Karaoke or the bad live band played until 12:30 a.m. Cigar and cigarette smoke made its way into the air-conditioning system to my room every night…..so turning it off early in the evening was a must. I requested to be moved my first and second mornings there because of the noise and smoke….they said they would see what they could do….nobody called me back…or even had a note on my account that I had asked. The band played every night…and there are only so many times you can listen to Brown-eyed-girl and Beach Boys before you grow sick of it. I tried breakfast two mornings in the Concierge lounge…pretty disappointing….just cheese, fruit and pastries. The Market Place restaurant in the hotel isn’t much better either. The ethnic food was interesting to try…but they don’t know how to cook the simplest things like eggs….and the service once they sat you down was spotty….don’t expect coffee refills. Went to the pseudo Starbucks to get a cup of coffee at 9:50 am one morning and was told by the girl behind the counter that she was going on break and to come back later. Ate dinner at the Hofbrauhaus in the hotel one night with my group and we had a good time. Great beer and the food was ok. The hotel has a great health club on the top floor. Squash courts, free weights, Cardio room, sauna and steam room….its all there. The roof top pool is very nice as well. There is plenty of seating in the sun or out…and the attendants up there walk you to a seat and even open the umbrella for you. There is a bar and food service there as well. I had lunch at the Grand Hyatt in Dubai one afternoon which I believe is a 7 star hotel….it was amazing hotel to say the least. You can’t compare the two hotels even a little. I wouldn’t say the JW Marriott in Dubai is anything special; in fact it’s a disappointment. I have stayed at JW and regular Marriott’s over the years and I feel this hotel does not meet many of the above-average standards you expect from a JW. My bill was around $2700 U.S. dollars for just one room….for all four rooms over $14,000. When we go back to Dubai, we will most definitely stay at the Grand Hyatt the JW Marriott isn’t worth the price.	
Oct 8 2007 	Always a good bet	I have stayed at The JW a few times, and it use to be my hotel of choice in Dubai; however the prices went up and the budget doen't always cover the extra cost.I stayed recently for a conference and was glad to find that the service was as good as ever, with the facilities as top notch as I remember.The food is always good, the rooms are clean (if a little dated compared to some of the other options on offer in Dubai) and the gym facilities also cater to all needs.If you are looking for somewhere to base your self for the shops, it isn't bad, but the beaches are a bit of a drive.All in all, as a business hotel it is pretty good.	
Aug 23 2007 	Outstanding Service	The only bad thing I have to say about this hotel is the location. If you are looking for something close to the airport then its perfect for you. Beautiful rooms with great beds, very good dining and a modest but relaxing pool area. If you like Asian food I recommend the Bamboo Lounge. About 60 USD for all you can eat and drink (including alcoholic beverages). The sports bar Champs is good for a quick bite. It didn't go the steak restaurant but it looked very upscale.There are obviously better hotels in Dubai but I would, without a doubt, stay at the JW again. P.S. I am a military member and got my room at a discount rate through the USO	
Aug 8 2007 	Great hotel too bad it's not on the beach	Recently back from a 3 night stay. This was our first time in Dubai. The hotel is less than 5km from the airport and a 15-20minute drive depending on the traffic, about 9USD. The rooms are very nice, pretty much your typical JW business hotel. Great comfortable beds, our room faced the airport runways, so obviously no view. The windows are double glazed so you never heard any street/airport noise. However the hallways were not so quiet. Beware of weekend stays, the hotel has alot of weddings. It is connected to the Hamarain shopping center, which has a food court and 2 levels of shops. There is no coffee in the room like the US Marriotts have, the Vienna Cafe in the lobby has a nice selection of coffee and pastries. We ate in Cucina the Italian restaurant and had excellent pizza. Also had dinner at Bamboo Lagoon, which is a buffet with various cooking stations of Asian type foods and a fabulous desset assortment. Prices vary with or without alcohol in all the hotel restaurants. The hotel offers a fabulous deal if you want to spend a day at the beach. You can book with the lobby concierge the day before and for 21USD we received transportation (private BMW sedan) to the Jumeriah beach area (Le Meridien hotel) given a gift bag with assorted items to use at the beach. You are dropped off at 1000 and picked us at 1600. We were given cold lavender towels and cold Perrier water for our drive back, (A regular taxi ride is about 25USD oneway) so this is quite a bargain. The JW is in a crummy location, so if you want to get away for the day, would highly recommend this day trip. Also the hotel offers 1/2 and 3/4 day rates due to the large percentage of late night flight departures. We checked out before 1900 and were only charged a half day. Nice touch. I personally found the fitness room small, and the roof top pool okay, can get crowded quickly. The staff are great and anticpate your needs. My only negative comment is on a personal level, smoking is allowed just about everywhere. Smoking/non-smoking sections in restaurants are in theory only. Do not like to eat my meals with second hand smoke, other than the that and the poor location, this JW is a great place to stay, just wish it was on the beach.	
Jul 21 2007 	great hotel bad location	Stayed here July 18-20.It was my first time to Dubai, and on the map it seemed to be a good location, but the scale of my map was not sufficient! For the life of me, I can't figure out why this hotel is located where it is, except to be 15-20 minutes from the airport. Otherwise, there is nothing nearby that I saw, having walked around a few times. It was 30-40 minutes the Mall of the Emirates, Burj Dubai, Jumeirah Beach, etc.Otherwise, the inside is a typical JW- spacious, very clean, and everything in excellent condition. Unfortunately, there are no views to be had, and my room looked out into the courtyard, which meant no natural light- best to ask for an outside room. The room itself was very big, with a big, very comfortable bed, small sofa, and big bathroom. No complaints at all about the room. The fitness room is exceptional for a hotel, and the rooftop pool is very nice- stylish, swim up bar, plush towels, everything you'd want if you can stand that kind of heat.Hard to recommend staying there due to the location, but it's a great hotel.	
Jul 1 2007 	A cockroach on my sleeping pillow	I just came back to my country last Friday from Dubai, and I stayed in JW Marriott Hotel Dubai, and I wish I hadn't, can you imagine what I found on my sleeping pillow, a cockroach.So I called the management immediately and told them about it, and what they did is saying just sorry for that and changing the bed sheets, they didn't even change the room for us, they gave me no discounts, it was really awful.The food was not that great, I remember one morning I found rotten cucumber in the breakfast buffet, I asked the staff and they as usually said we don't know about that sir. What a bad experience. What I was telling them, if I wanted to see any cockroaches I could book 3 star hotel or less, not a five star hotel.	
May 23 2007	Superb beds	This is a beautiful destinantion hotel in Dubai. The outstanding aspect in my mind was the bed. Marriott use de Witts beds. It was so comfortable I pulled off the sheets to find the name tag! In keeping with this level of hotel the service and standards are really superb. No wonder the Burj al Arab is always half empty ther is no need to spend stupid amounts of money to stay in a monument to architecture when everythig you need in a 5 star hotel is here. Close to great shopping.	
Apr 19 2007 	What a Fab place!	It has to be said that the JW Marriott never seizes to amaze me! During my last stay I have enjoyed tremendous service across the board with smiling and courteous staff. On this particular occasion, being the Nutter that I am, I managed to loose my credit card. I approached the Front Desk staff asking for help as I was due to depart later that day. Almost instantly a search mission commenced which involved tens of people. Sure enough, my credit card was found within minutes of reporting the incident, weather by luck or thanks to the great efforts of all involved I remain a loyal and grateful customer of this hotel. Thank you JW Marriott!	
Mar 28 2007	Fine what you'd expect	If you know Marriotts, there's no surprises with this one. A bit dated looking but decently run, with an above average gym.Pros:- Near airpot (given Dubai traffic, a big plus)- Great gym- Big, spacious building- Great conference facilities- Professional service- Great Italian restaurantCons:- Uninspiring decor- Wireless didn't work in the exec lounge- $36 a day for room internet - give me a break- Crappy neighbourhood	
Mar 10 2007	Luxury Hotel- Good Location	A good luxury hotel in a good location in Dubai. Walking distance to 24hr shopping. Opposite a small shopping mall.Spacious rooms. Very good restaurants especially the Lebanese one. Would recommend it.	
Feb 5 2007	Not so bad considering	While I agree with some of the complaints by the previous visitor from Nicosia, I think he's being a bit hard on this hotel. My husband and I had to stay there last week for a conference so it was not our choice. Given that we hated Dubai, the traffic and the bling, we found the Marriott something of a haven. Actually in six days we only left the hotel once for a bus trip (recommended by the way). The hotel is in a business area, it surrounded by traffic and the decor is pretty hideous (but no worse than many others I'm sure) but we found all the staff absolutely charming and keen to please (except for one miserable woman in the business centre). We spent our days round the rooftop pool which was extremely relaxing and never crowded. There's a temperature controlled main pool and a small spa pool. I also had a hot stone massage which was great and good value I thought. We tried almost all the restaurants including the famed steakhouse and all were excellent - almost too good! Several have eat as much as you like evenings which are good value if you have a large appetite! All the restaurants are popular with locals which is a good sign so it's wise to book.Our room was not excitingly decorated but other things made up for that - the size of the room overall, the workdesk, good lighting to read by, super-comfy bed, excellent walk-in shower and generous basin with all the extras such as magnifying mirror, robes, etc. We were able to order an English newspaper (though not the Financial Times for some reason). In all we couldn't fault the room. If you need to be in Deria region on Dubai then this is the best hotel to stay in, close to the airport, so also well-placed for a stop-over.	
Feb 4 2007 	Overpriced and not inspiring	The JW Marriot was one of the first 5 star hotels to spring up in Dubai. It is also conviniently adjacent to one of the first shopping centres that mushroomed before Dubai bcame a shoppers paradise. A lot has changed, but tradition dies hard in this part of world which may explain the continuous popularity of this uninspiring hotel.The lobby and hallway is any good interior decorators nightmare, complete with ridiculous stairs, 1970`s &quot;luxury&quot; couches, carpetsand small tables in varying Greens and Browns that have seen better days. Rooms are comfortable but ugly, beds are extremly comfortable as all Marriot hotels beds are nowadays. The executive lounge is dissapointing - breakfast, snacks and dinners are plentiful and varied but quality of food is not what you expect a 5 star hotel to be. Clearly, the spiraling populariy of Dubai has spoiled this hotel to bits- it charges 300 euros for standard rooms that cost only 75 euros 5 years ago and religiously refuses to upgrade or renovate. Internet connection is expensive, slow in some rooms and VERY SLOW in others, the explanation the friendly receptionists have been giving me for the past two years whenever the company sends me there is that one wing of the hotel has bad connection, Unfortunatly I always happen to end up in the &quot;bad wing&quot;... A more realistic explanation is that greed at the JW Marriot is so profound that they prefer to outsource the connection to dubious overseas companies in order to save a few bucks a day!	
Jan 18 2007	Disappointing	The JW Marriott is located in the middle of nowhere. The location is horrible. There is nothing close to the hotel that is interesting or memorable. Thus, it was hard to even know where I was in Dubai having been there many other times.Service in the hotel was poor - from everyone. So, that must mean there is a problem with upper management as service, good or bad, reflects the top.Physically, the hotel was fine.	
Dec 21 2006 	Good	JW Marriott is very close to the airport and appears to be in a primarily business district of Dubai. Hotel was large, clean and well kept as you would expect from a premium Marriott. There was nothing particularly special about it other than its fantastic steak restuarant (which is worth a visit wherever you are staying in the city but worth booking as it gets very busy) but equally there is nothing that I would criticise about it either. I would classify it as a business hotel not a vacation hotel, and for a business traveller it would be ideal. It could be a problem wherever you are staying but getting to and from this hotel was always a bit of a hassle since the traffic in the area was appalling unless very early in the morning or very late at night.	
Nov 22 2006 	Not for business	Expectations are high in Dubai; this fine old hotel is good for tourists but I would advise caution if on business. We had a bad experience here; things went wrong, some of them little things, and some of them big things. There was a pattern of naivety in the staff which was disturbing; also, mistakes can happen anywhere, that's forgiveable - but failing to deal with mistakes is not.We met entertained and sold to clients here and the mistakes were potentially very damaging. A lot of business is conducted in such a way within the region, and a hotel has to deliver. We hired a business meeting room/suite over two days. Day one, it wasn't ready on time (no projector as promised). Not a good start, tech staff wriggling around with wires. Your meeting suite comes complete with dedicated waitress and catering (superb incidentally). This is a nice touch, but what I don't expect is the waitress to hassle me for a credit card signature in front of my customer. A bad start.Day two, I got wise and booked the room a good 30 minutes ahead of customer arrival, just in case. Well thank goodness I did, again not ready, in fact, shut, locked, nothing happening. Now I'm panicking. Back down to the sales office (a long walk) to get things moving again; meanwhile another customer parked in the coffee shop while the hotel woke up.Again, the waitress hassled me for a signature. Not now, go away, how many times! Next, can you believe it, a group of strangers wandered right through our suite, admiring our facilities, whilst we are in the middle of a customer demonstration - quite staggering - well it turns out she was a hotel sales rep (!) on a grand tour, we threw her out and humiliated her in front of her sale, maybe she learnt something from this. I still can scarcely credit that this actually took place.To finish, we booked the Italian restaurant, table of 10. Slow service, staff singing songs instead of waiting. A comedy of mixed up orders, but worst of all, forgot our customer's main course altogether. His replacement was then interminably slow. We'd all finished and he is still sitting waiting. It was desperately poor. Waiter then starts clearing away and trying to take our dessert order! Only the riot act got anything happening, at which point, oh dear, now the staff repeatedly start coming over to the table grovelling etc. - again, thank you, but you don't do this in front of my party!This is my point about the naivety, and the inability to deal with a crisis. But really at this money I don't expect crisis.Hotel wireless is almost non-existent, 40 dirhams an hour, and keeps logging you out. So, in all, lots of irritations like this. Next time Emirates Towers.	
Oct 6 2006 	Fantastic	A wonderful hotel. The staff were great, the room was fantastic and the food was incredible. The pool area is very relaxing, and has a jacuzzi, which was a great way to cool down when it gets too hot to sunbathe...I actually nearly fell asleep in there one morning. You can also sit on marble seats in the pool while sipping your cocktail which I LOVED doing!!I would definitely recommend this hotel, though the traffic around it was pretty bad in the afternoon/evening (it took some time to get a taxi and for it to maneovre it's way out of Deira!)	
Jun 7 2006	Pure luxury at Christmas		
Feb 28 2006	Brilliant Hotel		
Aug 22 2005 	Good old hotel		
Aug 17 2005	Downtown Paradise		
Jun 25 2005 	J.W.'s Steakhouse is a Must!		
Jun 14 2005	Excellent Hotel		
Jun 1 2004	Big 		
Aug 15 2009 	????????		
Sep 17 2008	Il migliore a Deira		
