Nov 12 2009 	Clean and comfortable	My wife and I needed somewhere reasonably priced and last minute when we were staying in Dubai for the weekend. Walked in and they offered a reasonable rate. The rooms were a good size and clean, the staff were very polite. If I have to stay in a Dubai hotel again, I'll definately look at this place.	
Aug 31 2009 	Good value for money	We stayed at the Rose Garden Hotel Apartments at Al Barsha (the main one is near Burjuman), it is about 7 minutes' walk away from Mall of Emirates, and there are lots of convenience stores and restaurants around the corner, so location-wise it was still not that bad.What is really bad about the hotel's location is most taxi drivers would never have heard of this hotel, and it would take a lot of effort to make them understand where were you heading to (been taking cabs almost everyday, and none of the drivers knew where the hotel is located).The staff at the hotel were nice, though they do not speak fluent English, they tried their best to accommodate our needs.The rooms were nice, as the hotel was newly built, everything is new. The apartment unit that I stayed in had a 32&quot; LCD TV, a very nice fridge, a washing machine/dryer, a microwave-oven, and a LAN point. Internet access is free.The gym is fantastic -- always empty. Swimming pool is relatively small, but it is a very nice view from the pool, you can see Burj Arab on a clear day. Tip: Get the hotel staff to book you a cab on the day you return, it is impossible to get a cab at Al Barsha area during the day.	
Jun 13 2009 	Value for money	I stayed in the Rose Garden Hotel Apartment Al Barsha and it was great... Staff were nice and rooms were well made up and equipped. Rate offered was very competative and I enjoyed my stay..... The only problem that I encountered was that there are very limited mobile signals in the rooms except those facing road. It is must for business traveller and management should look into resolving this problem urgently. I was expecting few business calls but nothing ring until next day and than I realised that I do not have signal in the room... Upon request, staff was effecient and courteous enough to move me to an upgraded room facing the front which was great....	
May 28 2009 	Great location and lovely accomodation	We stayed here for 3 nights and had a lovely time. The apartment was very clean and well equipped, nicely furnished and very comfortable. Lovely airconditioning. The staff were great. Reasonably priced. It is a fantastic location. 5 minutes in a taxi to the Mall of Emirates. A good Indian and a good Thai/Asian resturant right across the road.Just make sure you have the address if you go anywhere in a taxi as there are so many many hotels in Dubai. I think it would be very hard for the taxi drivers to know them all. The taxi driver from the airport was not sure where it was and so rang the hotel to get directions. I found the taxis safe and they are all metered.	
May 24 2009 	Great value for money good location! Clean minimalist accom!	I chose the rose garden hotel and apartments mainly on cost and location. My partner and I were not disappointed! We booked through expedia.com and got a complete bargain last minute (compared to other dubai prices..) The location of Al Barsha is one of the newer areas and still very much under construction, so don't be surprised when you find lots of dirt and sand patches. Getting taxis were very easy (and inexpensive!), right on a main road so you can just hail them right outside the lobby. One slighty annoying aspect was that because the hotel is new and in a newer area many taxi drivers don't know where it is, so take a map with it marked on it.We requested an early check in as we arrived from New Zealand at about 5am, the gentleman on the front desk said they had no studio rooms available (of which we had booked) so they upgraded us. A pretty good first impression of the hotel! The room was great for the two of us. 2 toilets, one an ensuite with a shower. Seperate large kitchen with everything you needed to cook and eat with. Spacious lounge with comfy seating and huge superking bed in the bedroom. free wi-fi was also a huge bonus!Cleaning of the room was promt, anytime we left out &quot;please make up my room&quot; sign on the door it was done straight away. While the staff were very friendly, they were not exactly overly helpful as not an excpetional amount of english was spoken...A cafe resturant was located downstairs, we didn't go there as it was way cheaper to buy our own food at a supermarket and cook it up in the room, but it was great to grab drinks and snacks when needed. The pool was nice on the roof, exactly what you need when the mercury rises high like it did for us. I didn't notice the noise of construction that was going on too much, i guess if noise bothers you then ask for a room away from itDon't get me wrong about the hotel, it is in no way 5 star luxury, but it was clean, new spacious and in a great location for a perfect price. Don't book anything until the last minute in Dubai as the prices are just insane otherwise.Overall though, i was very pleased with the Rose garden hotel and apartments and would reccomend it to others on their understanding that it was basic accommodation. Check out their website for pics etc :)	
May 13 2009	Rose Garden Hotel Apartments Barsha Dubai	The location is great, 5 minutes from the Mall of the Emirates. The hotel is clean, facilities are good and the staff are friendly. The rooftop swimming pool was out of order at the start of our stay but is now open again. The only downside to this great place is the construction behind the hotel! The workers have set up camp below the balconies and in the morning (7am), start loading scaffolding onto trucks. Then the hammerdrills start! There is no soundproofing, the noise shakes the room. We tried to move rooms but couldn't get away from the noise unless you took an internal room next to the lifts. Once the construction ends this will be a fantastic hotel, until then, unless you're an early riser I'd be cautious.	
Nov 3 2008 	spacious 	rooms are excellent size and family friendly despite sharp edged furniture....location is walkable to mall.pool out of service for 1 month, 1 day post arrival, and wifi only operational 50% of time.room service quite good - although we were forgotten on 2 days...	
Jul 12 2008 	Good hotel	Good hotel near Burjuman:)Very good service, clean and beautiful appartments.	
Jun 18 2008 	Lovely aroma of Roses in corridores .( Garden Fresh )	The apartment is magnificient , spacious big rooms, clean, tidy &amp; we had never experienced such a incredible service before.The thing we like the most is the lovely aroma of Roses in corridors.Friendly staff make us feel more comfortable.More over the apartment is just a minute walk from Burjuman shopping center.Easy acess to all Routes.We had a wonderful time.Defenately for our next visit in December 2008 we will stay here.	
Jun 4 2008 	Excellent Location	Dubai.. Lovely place and its still in our eyes. The Hotel Apartment were we stayed was very ideally located as it was just behind a huge shopping mall (Burjuman). Nice place to stay and very suitable for families. The rooms were huge and clean.	
Apr 26 2008	Run down and overpriced	I stayed in this apartotel for 2 nights. The cooker didnt work the wash/dryer did'nt dry the bath was full of hairs with mould around the edges. The carpet was filthy. The internet was 3US for 1 hours use limited to max download of 20 MB. Run down and overpriced. I would'nt stay there again.	
