	The Address is all you need	I'm writing this review from my comfy bed at the Address Downtown Burj Dubai right now. There are three Address Hotels dowtown - The Address Hotel Dubai Mall (newest, adjacent to the mall) , The Address Hotel Burj Dubai (recently built but second oldest Address Hotel, next door to the mall), and The Address Hotel Marina (oldest, near Marina). Be sure you know which hotel you are booking and clearly state the entire hotel name when giving directions to the cab driver.The Address Hotel Downtown Burj Dubai has a professional staff, rain showerhead and nice bath soaps, free wireless internet, free bottled water daily, in-room espresso machine with a variety of espresso flavors in disposable cups, large rooms, dark woods/marble/tile/glass/good lighting, complimentary turn down service with water (no chocolates), and has the greatest number of English TV channels of any other foreign hotel I've visited. Numerous well-heeled guests from all over the East and Western world stroll through with designer purses and pretty frocks under black abayas. The location is great - you can walk to the Dubai mall, Burj Dubai, and Dubai fountains. You can get a cab within seconds to go elsewhere. One perk about the lower floors is balconies, but not all rooms have them, so be sure to ask for a balcony room facing the fountains. There are two sections in the hotel - floors up to 12 use the house elevator and floors above 12 use the main elevator, so I recommend requesting a floor higher than 12 if you use the gym or spa. I stayed on the 10th floor, so to go to the spa and gym, I had to take the house elevator to the 12th floor and then walk up a flight. Otherwise, I had to walk through the lobby in gym clothes (you're underdressed in sneakers at this hotel). The staffed gym is nice - classes; free bottled water; machines have individual TVs with plugs for headsets or you can use their cheap, uncomfortable headsets; and oranges and apples in the lounge area. I received a great deep tissue massage in the spa. The spa relaxation area overlooks the Dubai fountains. There are oranges, tea, and juice in the relaxation area. The changing rooms have steam rooms and rain showerheads, there's a hairdryer but no showercaps or vanity items. The pool area is very nice, with a swim up pool bar that my collegues enjoyed. The pool bar area overlooks the fountains also. The service and amenities are 5 star, but you pay for it. I highly recommend this hotel.	
	A perfect stay	Wow ! We loved this hotel.I have been fortunate to visit Dubai many tmes and have stayed in many hotels, including the Burj Al Arab, and The Address has made it to my top 3. For a downtown hotel this would be my top choice.We had an executive suite with a fab view of the fountains and access to the club lounge, which was just,as others have said, superb. We ate breakfast in Fazaris because we preferred the range of choice in there but for everything else we used the lounge. Sarat and Apriel get a special mention from me but all of the staff were excellent. Club access did make the price more expensive but when you bear in mind that we dinner in there every night and had access to unlimite soft drinks, tea and coffee during the day, lunch if we wanted it, sandwiches, little quiches and cakes from 2.30pm till 5pm, and then dinner from 6pm till 8.30pm and alcoholic drinks from 6pm till 11pm it more than paid for itself.Aqua di Parma toiletries in the bathroom, great shower, fab bath and beautifully designed lay out.Suite was lovely, decor was soothing shades of brown and orange. I loved the fact that they had blackout curtains and comfy chairs on the balcony.The bed was sooooo comfy and the pillows were so good I have already written to see where they source them.There was a beautifull arrangement of fresh flowers delivered to the room just after we arrived and the smell of those flowers wafted across every time we opened the door of the room.The best thing about the executive suite was the 24 hour checkout and because we weren't leaving on our last day until 11.30pm in the evening we had none of the usual mad dash to checkout. we stayed by the pool all day, went back to the room to pack and had a quick snooze and then stayed in the club lounge until the car collected us at 11.30.We did venture up to Neos bar on the 63rd floor for a look at the view but weren't suitably dressed to mingle with the 'beautiful people' so didn't stay for a drink - any way no point paying for drinks when they were included in our club package.One minor niggle was the fact that the executive rooms only have king size beds, which would be great if you are travelling a deux. My friend was my sister so we shared a bed for the first time in 40 years. Having said that the beds are so big that we could have shared it with 3 others and not been squashed.One other less minor niggle was the fact that all of the lights and power points in the room are controlled by a switch at one side of the bed so it was impossible to leave the bed side light on - so if one person wanted to read for a bit then all of the lights stayed on. This also meant that my mobile phone couldn't charge over night. As I say a minor niggle, but if anyone from the Address reads this then it would be great to have bedside lights that operate independently to the main switch. : )Everything about our stay was excellent and I won't hesitate to return.	
Nov 22 2009 	Amazing hotel!	This was a truly amazing hotel that I was lucky enough to go to on the company coin. saying that, i am already planning a second trip in February 2010 with my family at the same hotel so that they can experience it!there is not much more that i can add to the previous reviews of this hotel. the hotel was in a word - beautifully designed from the inside and out. even the public bathrooms ere well designed! loved the design of the business lounge and all the food outlets too.the room was certainly one of the most comfortable i have ever stayed in for its class - i stayed in a premier room i think. the bed was sooo comfortable.the hotel has seemed to have improved their service from previous reviewers as i had not one complaint. being jet lagged, i called room service to bring me an iron at 4a.m., and within minutes i had a knock on my door and someone came in with an ironing board and even plugged the iron in for me. the breakfast at fazaris was really good and varied slightly every day. loved the wheatgrass and apple juice made freshly to order! the view from the gym was amazing! i even brought my camera with me one morning to record the tremendous view. the view was probably even better at the lounge on the top floor, but i unfortunately didn't get a chance to go there. i swam in the beautiful infinity pool with a great view of the burj. even though i am no architecture buff, i really enjoyed looking at this building. loved the fact that the dubai mall was literally a skip away from the hotel. the dancing fountains are really entertaining too. all in all, i would heartily recommend this excellent hotel.	
Nov 22 2009 	Outstanding Hotel...Can't wait to return!	Marhaba Y'all - I just returned from a week long stay at the Address Downtown and could not wait to come write the review. This hotel is outstanding! As this was a work trip, someone else handled my travel arrangements so all I knew was that we were at the Address but was not sure of much more than that (had no clue what class of room had been booked either). Once through customs at the airport, I stopped by the Address kiosk and they loaded me up in a BMW 750 for the 15 minute ride to the hotel. The driver was kind and had refreshments available for me in the car. I was thinking, so far so good! When we got to the hotel, I could not believe how beautiful it was. It, like much of the new construction in Dubai, is a striking, modern building, with beautful exterior lighting features and fountains everywhere. Check in was painless and the desk clerk accompanied me to the 7th floor Club Lounge to get me situated in my room. The room was nicely sized, with a super comfortable bed, full sofa, desk, and a nice 42-inch flat panel tv. The balcony was terrrific and had outstanding views overlooking the pool, and down towards the Dubai Fountain and the Burj Tower. Bathroom was super and had a great shower with all the usual upgraded complimentary bath products provided.Everyone of the hotel spoke as you passed by them in the halls and their English proficiency are all very acceptable. Ate in the restaurant by the pool every morning for their buffet which was amazing. Loved the fresh juice and all of the assortment each morning. Had dinner one night in the same restaurant and had the Lamb Tajine which was outstanding. Visited Neos on the 63rd floor mainly to see the view as it was slammed with all of the pretty people in the evening. Tried to go up around 5:45 pm one evening to snap some photos from up there and watch the sun set, but was disappointed to not be able to stay and see the sunset as they were not yet open. Did get a few quick photos but then had to depart. Seems like they are missing an opportunity for sunset drinks 63 floors up, but oh well. Minor.One note that needs to be made is that there are a number of ladies who ply their trade in the hotel bars. As I was solo, I was approached by several different ladies offering their services to help me pass the time. The hotel staff are all aware of it but there really isn't much they can do. No biggie, but be warned. It makes for an interesting story back home.In conclusion, this is an absolutely 5 star hotel with all of the ammenities you would expect and the customer service from the staff to back it up. I would defintely stay here again and HIGHLY recommend anyone else doing so. One slight complaint was that I I did not know about the extra benefits of the 7th floor club lounge, but it seems from other reviewers that there are some perks of which I should have been informed upon check in. Hate I missed those! I returned to the airport as I arrived, in the hotel's BMW. What a great ending to a great week!	
Nov 19 2009 	Would love to return back......Lovely hotel	Booked a Club Fountain View room was upgraded to executive suit, really one of the best suits i ever stayed in, the pool is lovely, the restaurants are great for choice and quality, next to the biggest mall (Mall of Dubai) so finish work and 2 min. u'll be enjoying this amazing mall, Club lounge has everything you think of and a full breakfast, service is really good	
Nov 4 2009	Cannot put into words how wonderful this hotel is!	We booked into a Club Premier Room at The Address Downtown Burj Dubai for our 4 night stopover on the way to Australia in September 2009, we did arrive at some silly hour in the morning (2.30am or something equally as ridiculous!), but as we were staying in a Club Room we had complimentary Ahlan Service at the Airport, so we were met at the top of the jetty, taken to an air conditioned lounge on a buggy, given drinks, biscuits and dates while our passports were stamped, we were then taken to collect our luggage and meet the driver from the hotel - amazing start! We were then transferred to the hotel in a 7 series BMW, the journey was only approx 15 minutes, but the driver gave us as much of a guided tour as he could at that time of the morning. Check in was seamless and within 20 minutes of arriving at the hotel we were in our room, with our luggage and all settled. Fabulous.The rooms are spacious, spotlessly clean and if you want anything (extra towels, extra pillows) you just picked up the phone and in no time they were with you. The beds are ridiculously comfortable and had Dubai not been such an amazing city with weather to die for I think I could have happily spent all of our stay in the bed. The housekeeping staff are brilliant - toiletries were regularly replaced and they gave us a giggle every day as my daughter had taken her teddy bear and flamingo with her - these were placed in a different position every day. Don't know if it was intentional, but it always put a smile on our faces.As we had booked a Club Room we had access to the Club Lounge where they serve 5 or so different presentations of food throughout the day. We ended up having nearly all our meals there as it was quiet and although there wasn't a huge selection, it was more than sufficient. Breakfast in the Club Lounge was amazing - a small cooked selection (Chicken &amp; Veal sausages, cooked tomatoes, Hash Browns etc...), pastries, cereals, freshly squeezed juices, we were also offered pancakes and eggs every morning too. The service in the Club Lounge is second to none, Marjolene and Apriel made our stay extra special, but all the staff in the Club Lounge must be mentioned as the service was out of this world! I think the service in the Club Lounge was the main reason we didn't try any of the other bars or restaurants in the hotel - we felt so welcome in the Lounge we didn't want to go anywhere else! Also, the view from the Terrace at the Club Lounge - well, words can't describe it. It overlooks the Burj Dubai and Dubai Fountain, so from 6pm onwards every night you have the most breathtaking view of the Dubai Fountain - it's just wonderful!The staff at the pool also need a mention in this review - they were so attentive it was unreal! The minute you chose your sunlounger they were over covering it with towels, creating a pillow with one for you, if you wanted to be in the shade they would move the lounger or the sun shades for you - you didn't have to lift a finger. The cold flannels that they came round with were lovely too, although they could have come round with them a little more often.The location of the hotel is fantastic, right beside Dubai Mall and just along from Souk Al Bahar, so perfect for shopaholics like me! To get to Dubai Mall and Souk Al Bahar from the hotel was wonderful - from the lobby you walk through the grounds, then you go down in the lift, out through a private entrance, across the walkway and you are in the mall. A five minute walk and you are in the biggest shopping mall in the world! If you are going to walk round the mall then take flat, comfortable shoes - I had 9 days in total in Dubai, most evenings I was in the mall and I still haven't made my way round the whole place!Everyone makes you feel so welcome at the hotel, all the staff say hello as they pass you in a corridor etc and it really did seem genuine, unlike some 5 star hotels. I have stayed in a lot of 5 star hotels, mainly in the UK and they really could learn a lot from The Address Downtown Dubai.We loved the hotel &amp; Dubai so much we changed our travel plans to include a week's stopover on the way back from Australia and can safely say our 2nd stay was even better than the first.If you are thinking of visiting Dubai and are not looking for a beach hotel then book a Club Room at The Address Downtown, it is worth every penny, you will relax from the moment you touch down at Dubai Airport as from then on everything is taken care of for you. I will be staying at The Address Downtown every time I go to Dubai, which will be at least 2 times a year and have already recommended the hotel to everyone I have spoken to.	
Oct 28 2009 	Great Modern Downtown Hotel	With it being Dubai I wasn't surprised to find that the view from my room was of.... a building site.Putting that aside this is a good business hotel.The real plus point for me was the outside area - especially the infinity pool. The view towards The Burj (tallest building in the world I believe), Dubai Mall, and the fountains is awesome.If you are looking for a hotel near Dubai Mall then this is perfect - it's next door.Overall this is a good business hotel - or if you're here primarily for shopping in the Worlds largest Mall.	
Oct 19 2009 	ONE of the BEST hotels ... period.	I just completed a 4 week business trip in which I stayed at 9 hotels, all of which would be rated 5 star by TripAdvisor. The Address and Emirates Palace (in Abu Dhabi) were not only the best, it wasn't even close.The room was very clear and modern. All the amenities were there. Loved the in-room coffee; loved the soap amenities. (I have seen this before, but for some reason the selection of coffees got me to be a user).The staff was EXTREMELY professional and service-oriented. Every question was met with a request to meet the need. And when given the chance, they would always do a great job.Be sure to enjoy the pool. Right depth. Right temperature. Oh man ... Even the food was good. In fact I took a picture of it on my iPhone to show the kids that Mom and Dad are having fun!Neos (the bar on the top floor) was busy, but when I mentioned that I was a guest of the hotel, I was put to the front of the lie. Fazaris, one of the restaurants, had the best curry that we had on the entire trip.The Club Lounge is definitely the way to do. You have a snack at night, a glass of wine, and watch the water show below. I have absolutely no complaints! Can't wait to go again.	
Oct 15 2009 	Service with a smile	Even though we have stayed in many nice hotels this is the only one I have ever written about! I came away from the hotel with a buzz of satisfaction and well beingI can not commend The Address highly enough mainly for the staff, attention to detail, quality and great design.Complimentary transfer to the hotel was the start to a fabulous BirthdayOur upgraded (Exec Suite) room was exceptional and the entrance, lounge, bedroom and bathroom all exceeded our expectationsWe were welcomed personally by staff everywhere in the hotel and it actually felt very sincere Location cannot be beaten; the Burj towers and the fountains (both the tallest in the world) are a must see!! And you’re also only a minute's walk to the largest mall the world On the 63rd floor is neos , a glass fronted bar that you can see for miles, well worth the visit and a cocktailAnd to top it all we had entrance to the club lounge where we could have happily spent our entire vacation thanks to the staff, ambience and viewWe will be recommending this hotel to any one who wants to listen :)	
Oct 14 2009 	not up to the billing	i have NEVER done this before but....i booked a club room (included in the price was a nice airport transfer and the usual exec lounge extras)had a drink in the Sky Bar... dirty carpets but nice view.got back to my room - annoying noise from the air con - turned it off - complained and was told they could do nothing. Ok got myself some room service - fine - nothing special.decided to get into bed to be met with about 20, what looked like pubic hairs.called front desk. 15 minutes later no one.called again. 10 minutes later a man with a clip board smiled at me an said 'let me have a look' and then left after saying he would 'try' and sort it out.and here i am writing this review. i am shocked but the service. the standard of a 'Club' room etc etc.its probably not fair that i write this before my 2 nights are over and i will send another review but if anyone is thinking that its worth the extra money for the better room - forget it.	
Sep 26 2009 	Poor service	Great rooms, swish decor, nice beds, good location. But service standards are not five star. One gets the feeling the hotel hasn't really been broken in. Miscommunication is rife. Staff are forgetful of requests. Some are rude. Management has a tough task ahead creating a real service culture. Also, there is a traffic issue because the hotel shares its entrance with the car park entrance/exit of the adjacent mall, which is gigantic and has a constant line of cars entering and exit. It took me 15 minutes just to exit the hotel driveway. But I believe a new entrance is being built which will hopefully fix this.	
Sep 16 2009 	Great Hotel. Great Location	The Address is a great hotel with great location for a weekend shopping or fun in Dubai, is is located near the new the new shopping mall and within walking distance of other hotels along the &quot;canal&quot; which has been created.The rooms are modern with wonderful city views, service is 1st class food good, Bar night spot at the top has amazing views at night. It is also perfect for a conference or meetings in the city, although not near the beach Dubai is not a beachy type destination but for long weekends this hotel is one of the best in the city, which has so many very very good hotels.	
Sep 16 2009 	excellent location	Stayed here on 8/31, efficient and smooth check-in - Nelson was a star !! Stayed in a premier room, clean and comfortable. No problems with hot water, etc, as mentioned by some reviewers. I needed to do an online check-in on Emirates and the Business centre charged me 3 AED - almost 1 USD for a black and white printout of my online check-in confirmation. Absurd that a hotel of this class charges guests for this basic service - quite petty and mean !! The Filipino staff in the business centre are quite rude, tons of attitude and poor comprehension skills.	
Sep 14 2009 	Average but dissapointing	Stayed 2 nights on 6th september. Had a nice room with supposedly &quot; Upgrade&quot; to fountain view but would have to crick neck to see it! Lousy check in, complained and saw manager who did try to rectify problem of filthy balcony and change our room. But we could not be bothered for 2 nights. Very nice club lounge and staff. Dont go in Ramadm though as you have to go back into hotel for water, no afternoon tea served in club lounge because it was ramadam. Nice pool area, good breakfast. Average a la carte meal- quite expensive. It was our pearl wedding anniversary.	
Sep 13 2009 	The newest Hippest place to be in Dubai	I arrived at the airport at around 8 in the morning. I had completed all the arrival formalities, and was making my way to the car park area in seacrch of a taxi, whereupon I noticed the Address hotel kiosk. I just went to check with the chap at the desk to check my reservation, and see wheter we can be checked in early. He informed that my Club Grand room comes with a complimentary airport transfer. He asked whether I had been informed of this by the travel agent (obviously not). Anyway, within 7 minutes, a luxury 7 Series BMW arrived and whisked us away to the hotel. Fantastic start to the holiday.Upon arriving at the hotel, I instantly felt attracted to the design and architecture of the whole place. The check in was prompt and we were immediately taken to our room. However, we first made a pit stop on the 7th floor where the executive club room was located. Then, there was more delight as I entered the room or suite rather. It was spacious, superbly designed and I loved the decor. I loved the bathroom design, the ipod docking station, LCD TV, and the balcony was nice too. The views from the balcony were great, especially at night. Plus, the Burj Tower was right in front of sight.The hotel pool was amazing and very relaxing, if a little small. It always seemed packed but you could often find a good spot and grab a sundeck chair and lounge. I had breakfast at club lounge which was limited so cannot comment on the breakfast in the downstairs restaurant, which was meant to be massive.The location of hotel is awesome, as the dubai mall is a 2 minute walk away and everytime I fancied a quick bite to eat I would just stroll along to the food court.	
Sep 7 2009 	Great hotel but disappointing service	Note: This review is based on personal opinion and experiences during our stay there in a particular premier room. We stayed two nights at this hotel during a weekend. The check-in process could be faster, it took about 15 minutes with the receptionist. He just kept typing on the laptop, so not sure what took so long.Pros/Likes:+ Decors of the hotel - From the moment you walked in to everywhere else within the grounds of the hotel, all the decorations and designs were tastefully and artistically done. + Decors of the room - Very spacious, meticulous and nicely designed and decorated. + Nice bathroom - Rain shower with overall good pressure. Slightly marred by the appearance of the faucet/knobs coming out of the wall at the basin counter.+ Great mattress - Our preference is somewhat firm mattress and the one in the room suited us perfectly. Firm but not hard and very wide! + Location - within walking distance to the Mall and Old Town restaurants+ Neos Club - fantastic view of Burj Dubai and the amazing dancing fountain+ Swimming Pool/outdoor - nicely designed and space well utilized. Infinity pool was beautiful, but to watch the fountain shows, best to be at the corner of the bar pool. + Complementary entry to the Dubai Aquarium in Dubai Mall.Cons/Dislikes:- this Premier room located on the side of building facing the Entrace of the Dubai Mall. View of Theater/Entertainment building with construction still happening. Even though the balcony is large, there is nothing to see but noise.- Constant annoying whistling sounds (from the guards with the whistlers) and cars honking from down below (Entrance of Dubai Mall). This could still be heard very late at night after all curtains had been drawn.- AC was off and would not turned on. Called &quot;Services+&quot; on the phone and explained the situation. Said would send someone up, more than 30 minutes later, still nothing while the room was heating up (it was a hot day, and there was a balcony above our room). Called down again, this time no one answered. Eventually it got transferred to another desk, I complained that I was shocked that no one had come to take a look while we were toasting inside. Finally another 30 minutes or so, the friendly maintenance guy arrived. He went to check the balcony door, unlocked it, opened it and slammed it shut again, then went back to test the AC switch. Voila! Thank goodness AC turned back on! So the lesson: even if you were able to shut the door and lock it, if your AC doesn't work, check it again and that will save you the hassle of calling and roasting in your own room. :) - Malfunctioned AC. The first night - The AC appeared to turn itself off around midnight. During the day was running fine. It was set at 18C according to the indicator on the wall. But it didn't feel ike 18C (we set our bedroom at home same temp as well). Went to turn it on, stayed on for up to 10 seconds, then turned off. Thinking that it could be one of those with auto setting and has reached whatever temp (who knows! definitely did not show on the wall unit) it wanted to reach so it stopped, but it won't turn on even when the room was getting warm again. After a few runs, I was getting tired trying to keep the AC on and fell into bed. Thank goodness I was so exhausted that I was able to ignore the discomfort and slept most of the night. Strangely enough, during the day, AC was running fine. Second night(mare) - it was worse than the first night. The room felt hot and airless. The AC kept turning off after midnight and won't even want to turn on. I kept waking up every half hour or so to turn it on manually. I didn't call down because of previous experiences. I didn't feel like waiting for ages to get someone up there, with them taking more time to figure out what the problem was and to fix it. My partner needed the sleep because of work the next day, so I would rather be the one to go back and forth to turn it on. I wasn't going to take any chances. - Roof top/balcony above us. 6am and I could hear the pulling and pushing of furnitures above. That was rather annoying especially combining with some construction sound somewhere else. - Poor service. Called down to ask for a bottle opener. Waited for an hour, still no one came. Decided to give up and went to bed instead. - Pubic hair found on seat of toilet in the bathroom when first arrived. Gross! - Horrible wireless internet access. It was fluctuating from zero to 2 bars. Called downstairs to check on this issue. Told me that there should be no problems with the WIFI. Waited a long time again for someone to take a look. The nice IT guy said the router/access points are out in the lobby, which made accessing it in the room usually impossible. Best to use ethernet cable. He then had to crawl under the built-in desk where the cable outlet was well hidden.- Room door does not shut close on its own! - No direct underground or foot bridge to connect to either the Dubai Mall or Old Town - Long way to walk from hotel to Al Manzel or front of The Palace Hotel in the heat. - Mediocre breakfast at Fazaris. Hostess was very nice and friendly (exceptional memory too!) They have three hot stations: Chinese, Western, and Indian. The Chinese selection was pretty sad. Frozen Siew Mai should never be served in 5* hotel restaurants. Chicken bun was ok, nothing special at all, similar to those found in supermarket. Fried noodles (using padthai type noodles) was tasteless. Chinese section was definitely a disappointment. Western food had more selection including the hot section and the anti-pasta/cold cuts section. The hot section was ok, mostly had common sausages, and couple vegetables/beans selection. I would recommend ordering eggs of your choice or waffles/pancakes at the hot station. Did not have Indian station, so can't comment on that. The pastries/bread section was excellent with plenty of choices and very unique (ie green tea apricot bread or maple walnut bread) and all very tasty. Just my 2c. Hopefully I will have a better experience during my second stay there next week.	
Sep 2 2009 	Beautiful 	Great location. Right oppostite the Burj Dubai which was still being worked on (Aug 09). A minute walk from the Dubai Mall, an absolutely enormous shopping centre which you will need 2 days to take in properly. Views of the worlds largest fountain display can be seen from the ground or even better at night from the 63rd floor bar &quot;Neos&quot;. Breakfast was gorgeous. The rooms are stunning with a retractible blind separating the bathroom from the bedroom. Infinity pool ovelooks the fountains below and Burj Dubai opposite. We stayed for 2 nights before moving down to the beach hotels. Perfect start to our holiday.	
Aug 31 2009 	The Best New Hotel in the World	We have been back 10 weeks now and after reading some of the poor reviews , i felt i had to write my opinion of our trip , the Hotel Service was the best i have ever experienced in any Hotel , the Rooms were decorated very stylish and the beds were very comfortable , the food was excellent and the outdoor pool area is very well designed to give Maximum privacy for a city hotel , it was a pleasure to stay in a hotel in Dubai that was 5* and not all gold and glitz , it is number 1 for me in Dubai ,,,,,,,,,,,	
Aug 30 2009 	Impressive	Probably the best location in downtown Dubai, with the best views of the water fountain and the Burj Dubay, right in front. Very attentive service, they have apartments in the upper floors with fully equipped kitchens, dining room... then the lower floors are the rooms, also very well equipped, big bathrooms with rainshower and jacuzzi bath, and spacious in general. Beds are very comfortable aswell, and free wifi can be enjoyed. The plasma TVs are big and as modern as the phones.the breakfast is a complete selection of anything you can imagine, and you can enjoy the outdoor pool overlooking the highest skyscraper in the world at your feet.Recently open, it marks a difference in accommodation in Dubai. It did for me.	
Aug 21 2009 	Great hotel to stay with excellent location	Check in with family for night from 14th August 2009. Known to be the tallest hotel in the region. Reception at the check in is not what I was thought to be, about four staff serving in a set up of one table and two chairs for guests for each staff. A bit slow as you can imagine handling more than 50 floors hotel.I will not be able to give a review for the rate as I was checked in by our company special rate with the hotel. But I have checked and can be reach more than US$500 per night.We did stay at the apartment; we got two apartment at 45th floor. But rooms are not interconnected so that is concern to leave children in other room. You must have your key card to use the lift and go to your room.Lobby, restaurants &amp; lounges located in 5th floor including swimming pool. On the the 13th floor is Spa and fitness center. A medium size gym with instructors and very good size steam room in the changing room.What I like about the hotel, is that the design and decoration from the lobby to any place you go in the hotel including the room, all are unique styles. Swimming pool divided into four sections. Also unique style, life guard are friendly helpful. There is section for kids and other for adults.Rooms are spacious and clean. We did have breakfast in the 5th floor and what I find is they have less choices than other hotels that I've been. But in general food was ok.Key do not work if passed your check out time, even though I did request one hour and was agreed but when reached 12pm our card not work to open the room, but still you can use the lift, there is still working. Security is excellent.We got the room which had back view of the hotel and not those one which face Burj Dubai, the tallest tower in the world, Dubai fountain and Dubai Mall. All those rooms were fully booked. Also I noticed at the reception in check in they had offer of free entry to Dubai Aquarium and water zoo for free when you stay in the hotel. I did not get though and not bother to ask, as enough that I got very best room rates.There is a night club if I'am not wrong as at night many guest were going in and out from the lobby and many being young guests to party.If we had a chance to go back, yes I will.	
Aug 18 2009 	Lovely very modern and comfortable hotel overlooking Burj Dubai	Location is pretty good literally a few hundred metres from the new Burj Dubai and a large mall.Very modern and clean rooms, and comfortable beds.Nice fitness centre where you can run while looking out over the new Burj Dubai, and open long convenient hours.Not really too much more that I can think to add on this one - it's a very nice hotel, as are almost all of the luxury hotels in Dubai though. The view is definitely spectacular, and if you can get for free or cheaply with Emirates on stopover then go for it like I did!	
Aug 9 2009 	Stunning hotel with amazing views	We have just returned form 8 nights at this exceptional hotel.I think we must have been staying at a different Address Hotel from the last few reviews!!We had an exceptional stay and with this being our 7th time in Dubai and having stayed at many of the other 5 star hotels, including Burj Al Arab, I would even say that The Address is probably our best choice yet.We had booked an Executive Suite which meant we were given the Ahlan service, which was excellent.We were met as soon as we entered the terminal building and were our passports were taken from us and the girl who met us took them to passport control while we waited in their own lounge, then transferred to the hotel by limousine were we were met and taken to our suite for check-in.When we reached our room, we were asked if I wanted to see the view we had. When he opened the doors to our balcony I could not believe what I was seeing. I never believed you could possibly get a balcony as big as this. He asked if I was happy with it.....happy????? I was ecstatic!!!We had a 4 poster sunbed with canopy, 2 sets of sunloungers, 2 chairs and small table, a dining table for 6 then a large decorative area with pebbles and shrubs and large urns. That was along along the front of the balcony with direct views on to Burj Dubai and The Fountains.Behind all that was a large seating area, another table for 4, a large garden area and a jacuzzi. I could definately get used to this, I thought!! We had access to the Club Lounge which was excellent and the staff there, especially Apriel, Sarat and Delee(not sure if this is the correct spelling). They made us so welcome from the very minute we stepped foot in the lounge. We didn't do breakfast in the lounge as there was much more choice in Fazaris, but we always had afternoon tea there and canapes etc. before we went out for dinner. You got complimentary tea. coffee, soft drinks all day and then from 6pm all drinks, including alcoholic drinks were complimentary until 11pm. You could sit on the terrace in the evening with your drinks and watch the Fountain display too.There was also free internet access on the 3 computers in the lounge. my only gripe is that when we were there, there were 3 children, who always seemed to be in the lounge on their own and they were always on the computers, even late at night. Several times I saw people coming in to go on them and after standing for a few minutes, they would walk away. I know their families had obviously booked club rooms but I feel it would be helpful if there was maybe another smaller Club Lounge for families. The lounge was always quiet and an excellent place just to relax.I totally disagree with the other reviewer about breakfast in Fazaris. The food was excellent, the choice was fantastic and staff were really nice too. The pool is such a lovely place to relax and the views are excellent. I also loved the &quot;rocking sunloungers&quot; they had in one pasrt of the pool. I could easily have just fell asleep. it was so soothing. All the staff at the pool were excellent too. One thing I did notice that the lifeguard who was on duty at the children's area was excellent with the children. He was with them constantly and didn't just sit in his stool watching them, but he actually interacted with them. all the children seemed to be having so much fun. Parents could sit back and relax knowing their children were in safe hands.Other than breakfast in Fazaris, we only ate in Hukama, which was excellent. We had no problems with the shower. unlike other guests and our room was always cleaned with fresh bedding everyday. The only small thing I noticed, which didn't bother us, but may bother others, was that at turn down service, our bed was never &quot;turned down&quot;. The room was tidied and water left at our bedside, but no &quot;small gifts&quot; like most of the other hotels leave at turndown and the bed left as it was. As I said, this did not bother us but it seemed strange that they didn't do this. Every hotel we have stayed in, in Dubai turned down your bed in the evening. We did have to phone them back to see when we were getting our iron delivered as I was still waiting for it in the late afternoon, when I had requested it before we went for breakfast. Honestly, there was nothing we could complain about here. We had the most amazing balcony with views to die for, excellent staff ,especially in the Club Lounge, the hotel was simply stunning and you only needed to walk down a flight of stairs and you were at The Dubai Mall. We had such an amazing time here, we are already making arrangements to return. If anyone is considering going to the Address, i would say go for it. Don't let some of the reviews put you off. We just loved it so much and definately would recommend a stay here.We definately will be returning to The Address again, and again, and again......	
Aug 7 2009 	Great hotel but not the best....	Our stay at The Address started off wonderful.... We booked a Premier room with Alhan service, and limo pickup at the Dubai airport. The staff at check-in were very nice and even upgraded us to an Executive Suite, which was a complete surprise to both of us. The room was very spacious with a large living room and bedroom. My wife and I both loved the ultra modern design of this hotel. I've stayed at many hotels in Dubai and, IMO, the Address has the best pool in Dubai. My wife and I spent most of the day relaxing poolside and then watching the fountain show from the pool bar. It was very relaxing....However, the hotel staff seem to lack attention to detail that I expect from this caliber of hotel There are 2 things I must have at any 5 star hotel in Dubai: Hot water and cold AC. The Address fails in both categories: - AC seemed to be broken in our room and several calls to front desk never seemed to get it fixed. Both my wife and I were forced to sleep without the bedding because the room was uncomfortably warm. Maybe that was why we were 'upgraded' to this room....- Major hot water issues in the morning.... The water will never stay at one constant temperature and will alternate between scorching hot and ice cold. In the afternoon/evening this doesn't seem to be an issue.- The hotel breakfast is overpriced and mediocre at best. The Grand Hyatt Dubai provides an outstanding breakfast for half the price.- Housekeeping skipped our room one day even though we were at the pool from 12 to 7pm. However, they were quick to send housekeeping up to clean the room.- Iron and ironing board was never removed after we requested it be removed twice. Its stayed in our room for the entire stay....- My wife and her sister were both asked for identification when entering the Neos bar on the 63rd floor even though they are both 24+ years old and staying in the hotel. We were forced to retrieve their passports from the rooms, which is about a 20 minute journey through 3 elevators. When we returned the staff who requested their identification was nowhere to be found and we were seated without any questions. This seemed ridiculous to me....I think this is an elegant hotel but I probably won't stay here again..... Other hotels in Dubai provide better value for the money. The housekeeping and room service staff just seem to lack attention to detail and there are still major hot water and AC issues that need to be resolved before I'd even return to this hotel.	
Aug 5 2009 	Second Stay - even better than the 1st one!	Our first visit was the best ever, but this second one was even better! Location second to none. The world's largest fountains and the world's biggest mall is breathtaking. I would give it 6 stars.. NEOS - the highest lounge bar in Dubai - expensive, but worth a visit..	
Jul 30 2009 	Exceeds Espectations	WOW!!! We just love this hotel. First time in The Address in Dubai and it has been a superb stay.The hotel is new, very modern and they have a fantastic design.My wife is amazed with the decoration of the ladies bathrooms in the ground floor.We have spent a weekend and we will come back for sure, although I may say it is not a cheap place to stay.The room was great with a great view to the fountains and the Burj Dubai tower, the swiming pool is fantastic with the best views in Dubai. It is a pity that it is so hot outside.We didn't go to the Friday brunch and went to the chinese restaurant Hukama.There was a DimSum menu of an outstanding quality. Prices were good and vey, very yummy food. Best chinese in town by far.We were fans of The China Club in Radisson Sas , but Kukama is much better.Neos Bar on the top floor is just amazing. I believe is on the 63rd floor.Also tried the Spa, from the brand ESPA. It is a top class Spa and the treatment was great. very good massage and great facilities. The price was similar to other spas in town.Staff are nice and pleasant and there is nothing I can complaint about THE ADDRESS.We will come back!!	
Jul 28 2009 	Not a five-star service!	My family and I booked several premier rooms and 2-bedroom apartment. The rooms weren't ready when we first arrived. After complaining to them several times, they gave us the rooms around 3.30pm and the apartment at 4.30pm. The staff were really rude to us and it took them a long time to check us in. Furthermore, they didn't store our luggage in the storage room. They left them outside for several hours under the heat &amp; the humidity!!! For a five-star hotel, their service were terrible.The premier rooms were spacious but the beds were uncomfortable. There were signs of leakage on the walls. Furthermore, one of the bathrooms smelled terrible. After I complained to them about the smell, they explained that the bathroom walls had been recently painted so the smell came from the interaction between the humidity and the paint . On the third night, the smell went away. The water flow in the shower weren't strong and the hot water quickly ran out. Every 1-2 minutes, the water turned cold. The bathroom amenities are very limited for a five-star hotel. Furthermore, I was disappointed to find out there weren't a direct access to Dubai Mall. I had to walk through the poolside and take another separate lift to be on the same ground with Dubai Mall entrance. It's a hassle when you like to shop and have many bags. I am going back to staying to Kempinski-Mall of Emirates	
Jul 27 2009 	Terrible service	Stayed there for 3 nights. Took 30 minutes to be seen to by receptionists. Very rude reception staff. Upgraded to an apartment from a premier room. Told they were doing me a favor but room was dirty and cupboard doors broken and some fixtures in bathroom broken. As been upgraded out of hotel were treated like lepers. None of the luxury of the hotel rooms. No turn down service. Lucky if bed was made! Very disappointed.Good service at breakfast though.	
Jul 21 2009 	Beautiful hotel 	Beautiful hotel...and pool. They bring you icy cold towels at the pool area.	
Jul 18 2009 	Perfect!	For me it's strange that this hotel has both very high and very low ratings. All I can say, is that my stay was just perfect. Smooth check-in, very beautiful and spacious rooms, elegant pools, nice surroundings and delicious breakfast. In Dubai I already stayed in the famous Jumeirah Beach Hotel and I can say that the Address is at least as good, if not to say better, because it's all so new and modern. Though it's not located along the beach, its location next to the Dubai lake with the extraordinary fountains, does not give it a busy city feeling, it's rather a place for relaxation. Definitely worth a stay!	
Jul 15 2009 	Do Me A Favour!!	As ex Dubai residents, we are used to the quality of hotels in this region, and appreciative of everybody being entitled to their opinion. I can only assume we have a different opinion than most or caught the hotel on a bad day?From approaching the Stalinist exterior, to waiting 20 minutes to be served by an English speaking Eastern European bolstered my opinion we had got off in Moscow instead of Dubai.After checking in, and mildy delighted to find we had been UPGRADED to a 1 bed apartment, we followed the concierge with smug grins........Once ensconced inside our 'apartment' with a view of construction sites, we decided to shower and found no separate shower, only a rain shower over the bath which was useless as you could only control it once under the shower head. Also we were bemused by other reviews when all we saw was Ikea standard decor.Finally we headed for Dubai Mall, which is amazing and if you want to shop there, this is THE place to stay. The fountain light display is a must see and beats Las Vegas hands down.We met our friends in the hotel bar for drinks, which charged enough to make the Sultan of Brunei's eyes water, before going out.Once we returned to the hotel at 23:00 for a nightcap, our friends left for home. We decided to take a drink in our 'apartment', but because we had been upgraded, we were 'officially' not in the hotel therefore could not be served alcohol.Along with other minor irritants we could not wait to leave and upon checking out were not even consulted as to our stay and experience.	
Jul 11 2009 	A Perfect Hotel in Dubai	Emirates used this hotel for our stopover flight deal from Melbourne to Birmingham. We loved every minute of our 2 day stay.We arrived at 7am and given an early check in – without even asking for it - fantastic after a 14 hour flight. We had a premier room overlooking the pool, Dubai fountain which is beautiful at night and Burj Tower. On one side is the Dubai Mall and on the other is the Souk al Bahar – good for souvenirs, shopping and restaurants which overlook the fountains. The room, bathroom and balcony were spacious with interesting art and decor and the complimentary internet was a big plus. The infinity pool was too warm but nice to swim in nevertheless.It is worth going to Neos bar on the 63rd floor as the views from every side are fantastic. The buffet breakfasts in Fazaris were a treat – fresh eggs and pancakes cooked to order and fresh fruit of every description. I couldn’t fault the service. We found the concierges really helpful, efficient, and time saving. They certainly added much pleasure to our stay.The hotel has a lot going for it – location, space, décor and beautiful fresh flowers everywhere. It was difficult to fault anything. I would definitely return and recommend it.	
Jul 10 2009 	The Nicest Rooms!	Honestly, the best room I've ever stayed in. The furniture, the size, the view (fountain view room), the toilet and everything else was amazing. My major concern was the feeling that the room was cleaned very hastily or has not been used for a long time (and maybe both), hence the chocolate wrap and the potato chips we found under one of the beds, and the dust filled hidden areas here and there. Their WiFi is not very reliable and keeps disconnecting. Checking in was fine but checking out took forever as the hotel was pretty full and everyone was leaving at the same time. We tried their international restaurant and it was OK but not great. Would I come back to The Address? Absolutely, the beautiful rooms, the lovely staff and the great service will make me.	
Jun 29 2009 	Magic too short a stay	We had a night between ending a cruise and going home and the Address was the perfect Dubai experience. Loved the pool -- with infinity edges, grassy patches, fantastic service and delicious meal-and-drink options. The view, looking right at the Burj Dubai, and I'm not the biggest &quot;highest structure in the world&quot; kind of gal, was amazing. Mesmirzing. Surprised myself! And along the lines of the &quot;I'm not a shopping mall kind of person&quot; the Dubai Mall, adjacent, was er, magic. Can't think of a better location for the type of expericence you expect in Dubai, a little bit over the top, a little bit uber-contemporary, a lot of it comfortable and unpretentious. An amazing combination.The Address itself -- well we checked in, having debarked cruise ship, fairly early (10 a.m. or so) -- and the reception initially was quite warm (check in guy thought we'd booked through Emirates and told us &quot;you get early check-in&quot; then looked at reservation, saw that it was via Expedia and backtracked! Even so -- we were expecting to drop off stuff and spend day waiting and he had a solution. Put us, instead of in &quot;hotel&quot; room, in short-stay condo-like quarters. We agreed to that. Pros and cons. Pro: we got into our room at 9 a.m or so, dropped our stuff (including laptops which we wouldn't leave in hotel baggage storage). Pro: Lovely room, very Asian/Muslim (interesting blend of spiritual and mod), full kitchen (with washer-dryer), bed right up against floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking vast Dubai construction site (the Burj Dubai was on the other side). The con's: We didn't really need an apartment-esque room for one night (certainly didn't have time for kitchen or washer dryer) and so it was fairly cramped. Bathroom was claustrophobic. Weird thing with water -- apparently there's a switch to turn it to hot but switch was not mentioned on check in so we had a 1 hour delay, waiting for someone from hotel to &quot;fix&quot; hot water when all we had to do was turn switch on. But were never told to turn switch on. Never alerted to switch altogether. Still, the hotel itself was fine, we loved it. Loved the on-site restaurant, delicious food, lovely service. Loved (LOVED) the pool scene, adored the location adjacent to Dubai Mall. Would stay at Address again in a heartbeat -- though we would insist on room in the hotel portion and we'd make time for more than just one night.And p.s. the water light shows in the lake between the Address and the Burj Dubai, oh, my, so magical. The whole experience -- just too short!	
Jun 19 2009 	Oasis of Peace	We needed a short getaway to recharge -- and this was the perfect place. We booked one night in a Premier Room... amazing bed, hip interior deco, rain shower, and overall comfort. The view was nothing -- backside construction -- but we weren't there for the balcony (maybe in winter that would be an issue.) The pool area -- just bliss! Take the Friday brunch; there is not one word that can describe how delicious everything was. But the best of all was the service. It's easy to have a fancy place but no soul. But at the Address, the staff makes the experience stand out. From the valet parking the moment you arrive, through the personal escort to the room, to the pool, the restaurants, and even to the speedy courteous response to a malfunctioning espresso maker -- the staff were who made this a truly special overnight break. Go now!!!	
Jun 15 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Excellent Hotel.Superb facilities Service a bit slow in the Restaurants.The staff need to smile a bit more and perhaps could come across as a bit more friendly.I would definitely rebook.	
Jun 9 2009 	very good location	me and my 17 years old son stayed at the address hotel,very nice hotel location great just 2 min walk to dubai mall new biggest shopping mall in dubai,only down part was when we checking in they took more then 1 hour,what i notice they dont really know they doing,after i complain they said sorry sir your room has been taking by someone else,i said so thats not my problem,ten min later they had no choice but they had to upgrade our room,that was nice,i giv 6/10 for the customer service	
Jun 7 2009 	Very disappointing!	After the hype I've heard about this hotel, I was expecting a LOT more than what we got. Don’t get me wrong, it is nice.. but certainly nothing special. The rooms were not as clean as they should have been, the fittings in the bathroom were loose. The amenities were very small and not replaced, candle holders without candles, stains on chairs. Room service was basic and no frills. The building itself is strange. It doesn’t work well for a hotel, in fact almost seems like the hotel was an after thought. It doesn’t flow well. The spa is nowhere near to pool, so you have to walk through the lobby in your pool clothes – which isn’t very sophisticated!I would recommend this hotel to someone who is haemorrhaging money and wants to be close to the mall. Otherwise, stay at one of the true 5 star hotels that know what they’re doing – like Emirates Towers, Shangri-La or Madinat Jumeriah.Very disappointing!	
Jun 3 2009	Home away from Home!	The Address Downtown Burj DubaiMy family (Wife, 2 kids (6 &amp; 5), infant 14 months) decided to get away to Dubai for a 5 day break.Been shopaholics we decided to stay at The Address which is almost connected by the hip to the Dubai Mall! Very very convenient!The apartments are very very comfortable and the decor is just right. The pool is fab, the restaurants are great and the staff friendly. However house keeping services can be improved as on two occasions the garbage from our apartments was not cleared, after returning to our apartment around 11 pm on two consecutive nights.More detail aught to be paid by management to the bell desk and phone services!On the whole we had a great trip. Suggest one should double check everything as far as special services go, as we had mentioned that it was my sons 5th birthday on the 1st of June and if the hotel could do something special. They said they would, bit it never happened. Guuess we didn't follow up!Marc Robinson!	
May 30 2009 	Everything a Hotel Should be!	Stayed at The Address for 10 days. Convenient location to new Dubai MallFirst time visitor. My room was a spacious 1 bedroom apartment, complete with large living space, dining table (good for me to work) and a kitchen and separate bedroom.Staff was attentive and remembered my coffee requests each day. Gym was spacious and clean, with up to date equipment. The Spa was over the top. A massage with Erik was the best I have ever had. Outside dining every night, and once again the staff was responsive. The sushi bar &quot;All you can eat night&quot; on Wednesday was high quality and delicious.Great location to watch the Dubai Fountains free show every night.	
May 29 2009 	mediocre service	I stayed at the address in March 2009 along with 2 friends. It is a beautiful property. however, the service is quite atrocious. Being a 5 star property, the concierge barely spoke english! we had a hard time communicationg most oft he time. One day we had a medical situation. My friend had a terrible migraine and we asked for some asprin. It took a 5 calls and two personal visits over a course of 2 and a half hours to get the same- we could have gone to a pharmany ourslves!I reckon, its a new property and is going through some teething problems. THey need better staff at the front desk and at the conceirge . Having said that the bar at the top floor is phenomenonal with great ambiance and views.	
May 26 2009 	Wonderful	Amazing hotel - the rooms are gorgeous and the most comfortable beds ever! Breakfast is out of this world.	
May 14 2009 	Attitude of the Restaurant Manager in Fatzaris was appauling	We were in Dubai for the Arabian Travel Market and had gone to Neos, the top floor bar for drinks. We received a recommendation from one of the team members to visit 'Fatzaris' restaurant on the ground floor. We were escorted to a table in the main restaurant. It was such a beautiful evening we decided that it would be nice to sit outside so one of our group went to ask if we could move outside. She spoke to the restaurant manager who was extremely rude - &quot;What do you want?&quot;. Obviously this is not the service level anyone would expect in such a hotel and we decided to leave. There was no apology from the Restaurant manager or even an attempt to rectify the situation, which was even more appauling that they would let anyone leave with such a bad impression.	
May 13 2009 	Service was shockingly impersonal	I had booked the Spa Suite for one night and the Premiere Room for three. while they promised pick up and drop off for booking the spa suite, they did not follow up on their written promises of dropping me off at the airport. The behaviour of the staff was very impersonal and service shoddy. The rooms were clean, the food decent, but the high handedness of thestaff left a lot to be desired. And this is when Dubai is in the midst of a recession!	
May 13 2009 	Love The Address!!!!	My husband and I have stayed at the Address twice so far, once in February and once in March 2009. Here is what I love about the address:• The rooms are posh, beautiful and comfortable• Very cleanFriday Brunch is GOOOOD!• Restaurants are amazing but $$$$• Décor is beautiful • The bar on the 60 something floor is gorgeous• The Calabar Tapas bar has great atmosphere and excellent Mojitos• The pool is great• The pool bar has one of the best burgers in town• It’s a two minute walk from Dubai MallFew minor problems:• Water temperature in the shower is not consistent• The stairs down to the mall are very steep and maybe not the best path for older travels to take.	
May 8 2009 	Amazing service design room and everything else after 1 week opening!	Upon arrival, I was given a guide to the restaurant, bar and lounge with a quick trip to the pool. I was then escorted to my room where I was given an orientation. Once I was asked if I liked the room (most certainly), the check-in was done at the room desk! Nice touch!The room was great! Since the hotel was only a week old, all fixtures and fittings were still in good condition. Love the touch of the Nespresso machine!Being one of the few to have been there after 1 week of the opening, the service standards were extremely high! Hotels are my home(s) during the week and so, I have seem many. Service is not always consistent. With The Address, they start off with at a high level but with any new opening, with room for improvement. This was noticeable by the end of my week-long stay.The pool facilities were wonderful. As soon as you approach the towel reception, a small band of pool boys (men) asked where I'd like to be: on the paved area or grassy patch or on a hammock? Once the deckchair was chosen, towels were wrapped around the mattress on the deckchair and another towel was placed on the head to act as a pillow. frozen rolled hand towels were offered to cool down in the heat followed by frozen cut fruit! There was an option to get waiter service or swim up to the bar at the infinity pool.The view is amazing! It was impressive seeing the tallest building being constructed in front of you! However, like with most parts of Dubai, there were too many cranes.Overall, I would certainly recommend it!	
May 7 2009 	Beautiful Boutique Experience	I stayed here for 3 nights on the Club Lounge floor and loved the fact that I got a complimentary breakfast buffet and snacks throughout the day. I brought my itouch and it was easy for me to access WiFi throughout the hotel. The room was nicely decorated in a minimalist, modern design and it was spacious with a comfy bed. I liked the plasma Tv and the fact that there were 3 separate chaises and a sofa to lounge in. The best part was being a two-minute walk from The Dubai Mall. I had no problems here at all. Loved it!!	
Apr 14 2009 	Fab!!	Possibly the nicest hotel Ive stayed in in years. Amazing decor, fabulous bars and restaurants, the rooms and beds were extremely comfortable. We had a premier room which enabled us to emjoy the executive bar, which had a fabulous range of food and drink and we wanted for nothing. The only gripe I have is when ringing down to recption for different items/help, we had to ring several times for the same item as they forgot.All in all a beautiful hotel and I hope to return	
Mar 19 2009 	Fantastic contemporary hotel with great service	After looking at the website and reviews my expectations were high (but I felt realistic). Overall, I wasn't disappointed. The hotel is stunning. There were no drinks and hot towels (or whatever that review said) on arrival, and check in took an age but it was all up hill from then on. Our room was huge and beautifully decorated with a fantastic view over the pool and Burj Dubai. All of the hotel including the corridors and lesser known bits has been stylised to within an inch of its life and looks stunning. The staff are basically faultless and your every whim is catered for. Great breakfasts, with fresh juice and the possibiliy of a curry (not for breakfast!!) but loads more choice. Snacks by the pool are delicious and staff extremely helpful. The pool(s) are a dream with a stunning out look.I've stayed in plenty of five stars and loved this hotel because it combined the contemporary look but with real five star service. Good location. The Dubai Mall - what can I say - why don't they make them like that at home. Fantastic. Elegant, and spacious with every shop you could want. Amazing food court......I could go on.....The only downsides - 1) slightly disappointed with the Oriental restaurant - can't remember name began with H. Dubai's answer to Hukkassan? Well haven't been to Hukkassan but I've had moreorless equally tasty stuff in local chinese.......stunning as it looks and amazing as the service is........All other bars and stuff great tho.Also slightly disappointed with the spa. Luckily to be honest I wasn't that bothered with the spa as pool and weather were so delightful but the spa has no sauna or jacuzzi (pools outside have jacuzzi tho) In the spa there is just a hamman (steam room) - and a small one at that - in the changing room. It's not the sort of spa where you wander around from sauna to steam to cold shower type thing, as there is really only the small hamman and treatment rooms and showers. Once you have booked a treatment you can go in the aroma hammans which is just the same as a steam room but with a nice smell! Gym was good tho and staff in there great - including giving out ice cold towels to exhausted gym users!Overall I highly recommend this hotel, I hope to go back one day. I'd say I'm probably quite fussy and have been to many excellent five stars but this rates in the top five!	
Mar 3 2009 	nice new hotel which gives you a welcome and warm feeling	We stayed here for 3 nights and found it realy SUPER. We had two rooms with a balcony and I can realy advise to ask for rooms looking at the Burj Dubai. Especially in the evening it is fantastic! Also visit the bar on top of the hotel. It is so high as if you look out of a plain window. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Many knew our name and even in which room we were. The food in the main restaurant was very good and the breakfast buffet outstanding. With fresh juices made while you wait. Across the hotel is the Dubai Mall. When we were there, many shops were not yet open, but in a few months it will be a very nice mall. Also at the pool people were very friendly and helpful. We you are there you have a very nice view on the Burj Dubai. I would recommend this hotel very much and would love to come back!	
Feb 27 2009 	stylish hotel in great location	have just returned from 5 day trip staying at this hotel. We were thoroughly impressed. The hotel has a large, welcoming, stylish reception area which leads out to the fantastic pool with views overlooking the Burj Dubai. We had a premiere room which was spacious and tastefully decorated with a large balcony overlooking the pool. Large bathroom with huge bath, separate shower and twin sinks (no problem with water temp). We didnt have a problem with service, in fact we found that the staff couldnt do enough for us, even down to the pool staff who would have our towels on our loungers before we even arrived! A visit to the bar on 63rd floor is worth a visit for the view but as non smokers we found the smokey atmosphere unbearable. Be prepared to pay over the odds for alcohol! A visit to the spa is highly recommended. I had a facial and massage and felt completely revived and stress free afterwards. We would definitely return to this hotel.	
Feb 19 2009 	Brilliant hotel in great location few minor moans though	We've just returned from a great five day break at this hotel. We were extremely happy with the accommodation, location and would happily go back. It is a very striking hotel with spacious rooms that are very comfortable and sumptuous.We were in a Grand Room and booked the hotel directly on their website which offered a 5 nights for 4 package. This package included transfers and breakfast. The transfer was very good as the hotel rep waited for us before immigration which helped speed us through some very long queues. We were in our room within 60 minutes of our plane landing which was a lovely start to our holiday.Our Grand Room was on the 12th floor which had panoramic views of the Burj, the lake and over The Palace Old Town. The bathroom was very good with separate shower cubicle but as previous reviews have mentioned the shower doesn't maintain a constant temperature.I was very happy with all aspects of this hotel but felt the staff needed more experience to offer a true five star service. There were also not enough concierge staff opening doors for arriving guests etc. and there did not appear to be any managers lurking in the background, helping to improve the level of service - the staff need more guidance to gain confidence.I'm posting lots of photos and hopefully these will demonstrate how striking the hotel is, it really is worth staying at, I've given a 5 star rating in this review for everything apart from the service. If you are considering this hotel then you definitely should try it.Positives were:The list is endless, as mentioned, this is a very stylish, sumptuous hotel in a brilliant location, we really had a fantastic stay.Breakfast at Farazi was very good and in a very calm, relaxed environment. The food stations would bring prepared food to you once you'd placed an order (no waiting here). They also had a fruit station that would juice whatever fruit you required.My nitpicking negatives were:- Shower, doesn't maintain temperature - we mentioned this on check out, they are aware of the problem- Door catches, the cupboards and wardrobes have those silly push to shut/close catches (do they ever work??)- Mini Bar/Coffee making area, unless the curtains are fully open flooding sunlight into the room this area is in complete darkness with no illumination - which annoyed me, design has to be functional not just look good. Which is nit picky, but I don't think an established luxurious hotel change would make these mistakes, and it's not very safe when you're handling a boiling kettle.	
Feb 18 2009 	Very Nice hotel - few minor issues to be improved	The Address is a very nice hotel with a great effort in the design that you can see in every detail. It is modern and sophisticate.It was supposed to be an international chain branded hotel, but then Emaar Properties decided to create their own &quot;Hotel Brand&quot; (they are going to open more The Address Hotel soon).I found the hotel very conveniently located as it is quite central if you want to move in Dubai and in a relatively acceptable distance from all other areas.Once construction around will be completed it will be definitively a prime location in Dubai. The pool is just amazing overlooking the Burj Dubai and the fountain square.Rooms are nice and well decorated (note, wifi does not work properly).Food is very nice.The staff is young and motivated, but i will say they miss some experience and this should be improved by the top management. A special mention to the SPA - me and my wife we are strong &quot;consumer&quot; of spa treatement, but trust me you will never find a better therapist then Mr. Erikson...that guy is just the best i have ever tried, by far.Yes, you can give The Address a try even if you are a demanding guest.	
Jan 23 2009 	Pleasant stay at The Address	My hunsand and I stayed in The Address from the 1st to the 10th January 2009. We booked the hotel directly with the hotel website and the price was very reasonable compared to the other 5 star hotels we have stayed in Dubai (5th trip).We booked a Grand room which gives lounge access. On arrival we were met at the airport and brought through passport control (fast queue) by a very pleasant staff member. Unfortunately Air France lost our bags so an hour later after staring at the baggage belt willing them to arrive we gave up and reported them. Arriving at your lovely 5 star hotel with only two toothbrushes, toothpaste, two Very Large t/shirts and a brush was not how we planned it but the hotel was happy to follow up on the baggage for us the following morning.Checkin was not great, the guy looked like he was not too interested in us and as it was 1230am in the morning at this point we were not in the best of form either. Got to our room which was very large and had two queen beds. Balcony had a lovely view of the Burj and the pool area below. The executive lounge is not the best one we have been in by a mile but it was functional. The staff seemed to be working very much without direction and for the first two days the lounge had a few people using it each morning and evening, however by the 3rd Jan it seemed to clear out and we were the only people in there most evenings having a drink which made it a bit boring with no atmosphere. The food was fine but they never refilled the units unless someone asked them to. Also the service of drinks is by the staff only so if they disappear for 30 minutes (which was prone to happen) you might be waiting a while for a drink..... The staff were helpful and efficient but no management appeared for the 9 days we were there. It was the first lounge however that served alchol until 11pm every evening and also provided 5 servings of food during the day so if you like the lounge area in a hotel, this is the one for you. We had breakfast there most mornings as it was quiet but the selection is much smaller than the main restuarant which serves everything you could want. Great Eggs Benedict!The pool area is large but if the hotel is full, it might be too small but it was fine while we stayed. Staff again are very helpful and offer you fresh fruit a couple times a day with cold towels once a day. Beds are comfortable and the water is a nice temperature.The gym was perfect for our needs on the 13th floor, only 4 treadmills but it was never too busy. The free weights and machines provided were top of the range so would definitely have no faults with it. Personal trainer can be booked also but the staff are helpful if you want to ask them any questions. The hotel is situated beside the Dubai Mall which intends to have 1200 shops when completed, there are about 400 open at present they said. It was a beautiful mall but it felt very empty and a lot of the bigger retailers have yet to open up so you may not get everything you want. We took a taxi to the Deira City Centre Mall and it was much better (only 25/30 AED) and for the first time there was no taxi queue when we went to leave at 10pm! Must be a sign of the times.The construction work going on around the hotel did not bother us at all, in fact even when you were lying by thte pool, you would be hard pressed to hear extensive noise. They were painting the floor of the new lake area while we were there and we would take a trip back just to see how it turned out. We had an Italian one evening in the new Gold/jewellery Souk mall beside the hotel and it was excellent (no drink license).I would recommend this hotel to you if you want a boutique style hotel with a good location. Rooms are good as are the facilities however as it is only 3 months old still it is having a few teething problems (leak in our shower took 5 days to get fixed and had to be reported 3 times). However we would still go back and stay there ourselves as price wise it is still not up at the other 5 star levels.Hope you enjoy your stay , (by the way our bags turned up 24 hours later than planned! )	
Jan 9 2009 	Neat Place and Location	A really cool hotel. I stayed one night for business and two nights for pleasure. Having stayed at a dozen 5-star hotels in Dubai, this is now my favorite. Upon checking in at 6:00 p.m. I was at first disapointed that my room was not ready. But, that was because they wanted to know if I would wait 20 minutes for a double upgrade to an executive suite. Sure!The room was huge, probably 80 sq. meters, with the longest balcony that I have seen. It had a bar, dining area, and two 50 inch LCD televisions -- not much selection on TV though. The four pools are beautiful. You feel like you can swim over the edge in the infinity pools but you are really five floors up. The pools roll into each other and one has a swim up bar.It would be even nicer if one of the jacazzui-looking pools actually had hot water. The water temperature was also a challenge in the room -- took some time before the shower warmed.The &quot;club&quot; lounge is fantastic -- serving three meals (breakfast is big but lunch and dinner small) and drinks -- free to those on club floors. Everyone was so nice and friendly. Though the pool attendants were a little overbearing, not leting me throw a towel upon a chair -- folding and refolding it everytime I went in the water. And always asking me if I wanted anything -- no just a swim and a little sun.I will stay at The Address again, and am also looking forward to visiting the new Address Dubai Mall that should open very soon. Though I may next visit the other sister hotel, The Palace, a few blocks away. The three hotels are close to the world's tallest building, Burj Dubai, and only a few steps from the world's largest -- Dubai Mall.	
Jan 8 2009 	Absolutely incredible hotel!	I reserved a room at &quot;The Address&quot; Downtown Burj Dubai for my partner and I by phone. I was immediately impressed by the helpfulness of the reservations staff members, who also provided assistance with obtaining a short-stay &quot;transit&quot; VISA for The United Arab Emirates and transfers from Dubai International airport. Upon arrival at the airport we were met before passport control by a rep from the hotel, who then accompanied us through the control, waited whilst we collected our luggage from the carousel and then escorted us to the waiting brand-new 7-series BMW limousine. Once comfortably seated in the limo the rep handed us cool refreshing hand-towels, bottles of mineral water and magazines before informing us that the journey would take approximately 30 minutes. I understand that the journey along the main road between the airport and the city can be a nightmare when it is busy; however with the sole exception of the road works near to the hotel there were no major delays and we arrived comfortably within 30 minutes.The Address Hotel had only been open for approximately 3 months when we arrived and is contained within a brand new skyscraper, which is centrally located next to The Burj Dubai construction site and The Dubai Mall. Although the hotel is primarily intended for business travelers due to its &quot;commercial&quot; surroundings I would still highly recommend it to leisure travelers, because if even for no other reason the fantastic views of the towering 800+ meter Burj Dubai have to be seen to be believed! Once we arrived at the hotel we were escorted to reception by the rep whilst the porters unloaded our luggage from the limo. Check-in took almost no time at all and within 3 minutes we were being escorted by the receptionist up to the tenth floor where our room was located.Our room was extremely large with a balcony and views overlooking the hotel swimming pool, gardens, The Burj Dubai and The Dubai Mall. In the far distance, by looking between two skyscrapers in the foreground, it was also possible to see the &quot;sail shaped&quot; Burj Al Arab 7-star hotel shimmering in the midday heat. Everything else within the room was exactly what you would expect in a 5-star luxury hotel with very modern dark-wood furniture, a large executive workstation, a 42 inch LCD TV and an i-pod docking station. The bathroom area contained a jacuzzi bathtub, double washbasins, separate WC and a shower cubicle complete with &quot;rain&quot; shower. Overall we were highly impressed with the quality of the hotel service, which was typified by the pool-side attendants who would rush over when you arrived and make up the sun-loungers with fresh towels. To be honest we were not at all bothered that we were not located on a beach because the hotel pool is just so good. Where else can you swim in such lovely clean, warm water while all the time looking up at The Burj Dubai?We only stayed in Dubai for 4 nights and we generally did not eat in the hotel because we preferred to go out and explore the city. We did have dinner in the main hotel dining room on one night, which was perfectly tasty although maybe just a little bit on the small side...we did not have a chance to eat at the gourmet Chinese restaurant. We also tried the hotel spa and found it to be extremely relaxing and we both agreed that probably these were the best massages we had ever had! Whilst exploring the hotel we were shown the gym by a member of staff, which looked extremely well equipped with the most state of the art machines although sadly we did not have a chance to make use of its facilities.Finally I will conclude my review of The Address hotel with one word....&quot;Neos&quot;. Neos is a very trendy hotel bar located right at the top of the skyscraper on the 63rd floor to which you must take two elevators. The first elevator takes you from the lobby to a &quot;sky lobby&quot; on 62nd floor that is decorated like the night sky, whilst a second smaller elevator takes you up to the bar from the sky lobby. Neos offers the most amazing views all over Dubai and it is particularly stunning at night. The only downside is that to have any chance of getting a table near to the windows so you can see the view properly, you need to make a reservation several days in advance because the bar is so popular with guests from surrounding hotels.	
Jan 8 2009	Location Ideal superb city hotel	We had 7 days and 6 nights at The Address most recently over the Christmas / New Year period and were quite impressed. Being familiar with many 5 star hotels in Dubai I chose this one particularly for its excellent location next to the new Dubai Mall andcentral position within reach of most of Dubai`s attractions. As mentioned in other reviews the decor, rooms, restaurants and appearance of hotel is excellent with a very nice gym and pool area. Overall service is good and staff always obliging yet not quite the standard of some other well established 5 star hotels in the city. My main complaint would have to be with the housekeeping service which was disappointing. Apart from making beds and cleaning the bathroom,no other cleaning was done in the room such as vacuuming nor dusting during the 6 days we were there. On 3 occasions turn down service was forgotten and I had to remind them about that. Faulty cupboard doors were also only attended to on our 3rd day there. The bathroom shower pressure was rather low and annoying at times and I think this is a problem often found with other guests as well.The Spa ,which is small and intimate does however lack a jucuzzi and sauna and the relaxation areas could only be used if a treatment was booked.We stayed in a grand room which was very nice , spacious and with lovely balcony view of the Burj Dubai.Overall I would still give this hotel a very good rating as it is still very new and would return in the future as I`m sure staff would be adequately trained and experienced by then.	
Jan 5 2009 	Not really 5 star Experience	Spent 4 nights in jacuzzi suite, over christmas/New year, stayed at over dozen Dubai hotels and whilst this hotel offers fantastic facilities, if you really want a memorable 5 Star experience, find somewhere else, because this hotel's got many teething problems, The Executive lounge is probably the worst experience of any executive Lounge I have stayed in,, there is a problem with shower system, one minute its fine then just turns Icy then scalding, the general staff are great it seems to me that its in management they have a problem, and the staff are given no guidence and that comes right from the hotel manager, who I requested to see 3 times but she never appeared, although did offer to cal me once I had left hotel, not quite sure how she was going to rectify problems then! I even had to leave hotel by local Taxi because they made a mess of My hotel car booking that I had already paid for....So all in all a nice hotel (but poor poor service) if you want quick shopping trip and they offering special offers for room its fine, if you looking for 5 star and something special look around. there is much better out there.	
Dec 31 2008 	Splendid Island in a Sea of Construction	At the time of this review, The Address Hotel has only been open for a couple of months. It is part of the massive “Downtown Burj Dubai” development, which also includes the Burj Dubai tower – now the tallest man-made structure on the planet – and the Dubai Mall. The hotel is impressive, both from the outside (especially at night) as well as inside. The décor in public areas and rooms is modern, but warm and very pleasant. The patio and pool areas are very inviting and quite spectacular. I stayed in a “Deluxe” room, which is the lowest category offered, but nevertheless quite spacious and well equipped as one would expect in this type of property.Breakfast at the main restaurant was very good, with a selection of Chinese, Indian, Arabic, and Western breakfast items. Dinner at the same restaurant was equally good, with a selection of Southeast Asian, Japanese, Indian, and Mediterranean dishes. The “Neos” bar on the 63th floor is worth a visit for spectacular views of the Downtown Burj Dubai all the way to Burj al Arab. I did not try the other restaurants on site; it would actually have been helpful to have a guide to restaurants at the hotel, as well as a guide to the area and Dubai Mall.The hotel staff was very friendly, courteous, and professional, although check in and out processes could still be a bit refined: e.g. my credit card was charged without explanation for 500 AED per day for “extras” in addition to the room rate; once checked in I waited 30 minutes for my one piece of luggage to appear, check out took an extra 10 minutes or so to process the breakfast charge an hour earlier.Overall, my stay at the hotel was a very pleasant experience, with the considerable construction around the hotel as the only drawback in the short-term. Once Dubai Mall is fully completed and occupied, and the remaining buildings and lakes in the area have been finished, this will be a nice base to stay and explore Dubai. Rates will probably go up too. If you go, consider a room with a balcony, and ask for a view of Burj Dubai.	
Dec 21 2008 	Nice Stay	We heard so much about the Address and wanted to try it out. It was a choice between Atlantis and the former hotel. The Address, it was. I can not find any fault to the hotel. It is brand new, very art decoish in a way. You can actually smell the &quot;newness&quot; in the air. We booked 2 rooms, one for my sister, and the other for my husband and I. The rooms are really nice, we were upgraded from a Premier one to a Grand room and the view of the pool and the Burj (tallest building) is beautiful. Our Balcony was quite huge and I just loved sitting there having my coffee and smoking away. It was my birthday, so as a compliment from the hotel, I got a delicious chocolate cake. Their service is really good, albeit it can get annoying at the restaurants when you have 2 or 3 people standing by waiting to serve you. We tried their food outlets. Their breakfast buffet had everything the heart desires. Dinner at their main restaurant, was so so. The Fois gras tasted really strange and was extremely hard, my lamb tagine, didnt taste as good as it looked. But whats really yummy was their Chinese restaurant. The food was scrumptuous, I highly recommend it. All in all a great experience. And if you dont want to eat at the hotel, theres a few other outlets in Souk Al Bahar, which you can walk to from the hotel. Its very close to their sister hotel, The Palace. The largest mall in dubai, the Dubai mall is also a walking distance. I enjoyed it, and Im sure others will enjoy it too...	
Dec 16 2008 	the address is a great hotel	i go to dubai 3 times each year and absolutely i can say this hotel is unique... go and enjoy there	
Dec 13 2008 	Great Hospitality	Date: 13 December 2008My wife and I stayed for three nights in The Address Hotel, adjacent to Dubai Mall but not connected to it. The location of the hotel is good for those who want to do shopping and be away of Dubai traffic jam.Once we got off our car there was more enough staff for valet parking available to help you. The hotel service and hospitality is great, the hotel staff were keen to help you with a smile in their face.The receptionists were excellent; it took only five minutes and we were escorted by the receptionist to our room. The room is spacious overlooking a unique and a very large swimming pool with all its fancy fountains and landscapes. The service and room maintenance were superb. A lot of road construction is going on nearby, but traffic is smooth.	
Dec 13 2008 	You Will Feel Relax There	nice hotel and friendly staffs....we arrived at 11 am to the address and we knew that check in time is 3:00 pm but they gave us our room at 12 . the room was large and very nice. the staffs were very helpful and if you asked something they brought for you less than 5 min. this hotel is near to dubai mall and souk al bahar but oher malls are not so much near.	
Dec 3 2008 	Really excellent	Really fantastic! Rooms are perfect, business facilities access is great, lobby and reception is truly magnificent. I stayed for 3 nights in Nove3mber 2008, and I really loved it. Definately, one of the best hotels I have ever stayed,	
Dec 2 2008 	Beautiful property but far from perfect	We stayed at this property for 3 nights. It is almost brand new, and everything certainly looks that way. High end LCD screen, comfortable bed, great bathroom facilities, etc.Check in wasn't great. The standard check-in time was 3pm. We arrived at 2.45pm and were told &quot;your room is not ready because you arrived early at 2.45pm&quot;. After getting into the room, we found the remote for the iPod docking station does not have a battery. It took them SEVEN hours and five calls to give us a battery. The docking station is absolutely useless without the remote as all control functions are available only via the remote.It is nice they come to set your room up for the evening, however they only left us one bottle of water and one pair of slippers when there were 2 guests in the room.We got chocolates for the first night, but nothing for the 2nd and last night. Shower temp is a huge issue to be resolved. When the water is warm, everything is fantastic, however every 2-3 minutes the water just turns icy cold, so be aware. We have tried taking shower at different times of a day, but it seems to make no difference.The Chinese restaurant is always fully booked, so if you want to secure a table, book early.The pool is one of the best features of this hotel. It's beautifully designed, and has unobstructed view of the Burj Dubai (tallest tower of the world at the moment).The quality of food from orders placed at room service was very good, and it's a good thing that they don't charge you anything extra for ordering food at 2am in the morning. However in one morning the poached eggs arrived &quot;warm&quot; to say at best, when we were expecting some hot breakfast.The worst experience came on the day of our check out. I requested a 1pm check out instead of 12pm as we wanted to go for a swim in the morning. It was pleasantly agreed by the reception. However they disabled my room key at noon, and we couldn't go back to my room after the pool, while we were wet and cold. There was no apoligies made and it took them 15 minutes to figure out what the problem is before letting us back into the room.The bar on the 63rd floor is worth a visit, although the night we visited they wanted $100 AED &quot;cover charge&quot; just to get up there.Overall this hotel is stunning to look at inside out, however you should think about it twice before making the booking if you expect a true 5 star experience.	
Nov 28 2008 	Beautiful Hotel Outstanding Landscape	I've stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. My overall experience about this hotel was excellent. The interior design was outstanding along with the landscaping around the swimming pool which was brilliant.Rooms were spacious beautifully furnished with very nice amenities, large LCD TV, ipod docking station, balcony overlooking swimming pool, tea, coffee &amp; nespresso making facilities with complimintary tea &amp; coffee.Breakfast was in Fazaris Restaurant, &amp; it was very nice with many selection for every taste. Breakfast is included in the Grand Room rate.Staff were very friendly, but since the hotel is newly opened they seem to need more training, otherwise everything was excellent.	
Nov 1 2009 	??		
Oct 18 2009 	Excellent		
Sep 27 2009 	Wieso es mir gefallen hat!?		
Aug 31 2009 	Assez fabuleux		
Jul 6 2009 	Enttäuschendes Hotel in jeder Weise!!!!		
Jan 3 2009 	The Address - ein Super Hotel		
