	Beautiful resort but not much to do in town	I stayed one night. The place is nice for a weekend getaway from Dubai, but there isn't much to do in town. The rooms are clean and well equipped. Some of the resort amenities such as the rock pool were unfortunately closed. The negatives are poor in-room lighting and lack of WiFi. There is a broadband Internet connection in the room but the cost is exorbitant. The staff is friendly. There is a small gym.	
Nov 18 2009 	Hatta Fort	Excellent setting, service is friendly and basically flawless. This is rated as a four star but provides a 5 star service with excellent facilities and F&amp;B.Hatta Fort has outlasted many of the other hotels in Dubai and still retains its charm.This is also an excellent base to explore the area - the Omani border is some 10 mins away	
Nov 18 2009	As exceptional as always...	Have been visiting the Hatta Fort Hotel for fifteen years and this year, as ever, we were deeply impressed by the excellent service, warmth and efficiency of all the staff. The rooms are clean, well equipped and beautifully located. My only quibbles would be that the in-room lighting has always been dreadful and only seems to get worse and although there is broadband internet in the rooms the cost is extortionate!The restaurants are well run and the food excellent. Quite why it says on its website it is a Four Star Hotel I can't think - it has all the qualities to make it one of the best Five Stars in the Gulf. They could improve the booking system. It took a number of days to confirm the booking since if you don't use the internet to book they request a fax or email of credit card details, refusing to take them over the phone. Obviously emailing is not an option due to the security risk so it only leaves faxing - not always easy in this day and age! Speaking to two different gentlemen on the telephone was confusing since one confirmed receipt of the fax and later the other denied all record of a reservation. Otherwise check-in was fast, efficient and welcoming. I would highly recommend this hotel to anybody wanting a couple of days peace and tranquility since on the whole it is exceptional.	
Nov 15 2009 	If you have the chance stay here	For a short escape of the hectic Dubai life, go to the Hatta Fort Hotel for a weekend. The staff is very welcoming (free fruit cocktail) and helpful. There are two pools: one for families and one adult pool. The rooms are in chalet style, but very clean and a gorgeous bathroom - including candles!We had dinner in the restaurant and ordered a ceasar salad for two. The mayonaisse for the salad and the salad itselves was prepared in front of ourselves The waiter only pourred too much oil in the mayonaisse and decided to start all over with fresh ingredients :) I've never seen two people working soo hard on a salad, it's highly recommended!! The wine selection is also excellent and is served at exactly the right temperature.Arround Hatta, there is not that much to see. Of course there are the Hatta Pools, but it's unfortunately full of garbage and grafitti.	
Oct 20 2009 	Great hotel	My wife and I stayed just the one night, we wanted a relaxing time and certainly got that. From the welcoming fruit cocktail to the adult only pool it was great. Staff could not do enough for you, they were genuinely friendly interested in you and not what tip they could get! We will be back and will stay longer next time.	
Oct 16 2009 	Exotic Oasis	Such an unexpected pleasure. The service in the Restaurant was over and above. We felt like VIPs. Our room was extremely spacious. The only downside was the walk from our airconditioned room to the Restaurant. It was extremely warm at about 45 degrees.	
Aug 17 2009 	Gorgeous chalet style rooms attentive staff nice mountain views	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Hatta Fort Hotel on Friday night, taking advantage of the lowish price (DBB was 1080 dhs including tax). We were warmly welcomed on arrival and given some juice. Unfortunately we weren't able to get into our rooms till 2pm (they don't seem to be flexible re that) so we went to the Gazebo restaurant for lunch. The quality of the food was mediocre at best. When we got into our room we were much happier. The rooms are truly lovely....nice dark furniture, a comfy bed, lovely accessories, nice, clean and spacious bathroom (with The White Company toilettries), and each chalet has a balcony (nice views from the balcony.....you should note that the hotel is nestled at the foot of the mountains....not up in the mountains). It really was a 5 star room. Later on in the day when it got a bit cooler, we played crazy golf and had a little walk around the grounds (lovely view of the mountains). In the winter months it would be nice to take advantage of the tennis courts, and there is also archery and clay pigeon shooting on offer amongst other things. There is also a pool which my husband ventured into, but it really was too hot for me. At night we had our 3 course dinner in the main restaurant (Jeema I think it was called). The service was friendly but not as efficient as I would have liked. The food was fine....my husband's steak was really tasty actually...but nothing special (I think I expected too much). I must say that the wine list was very comprehensive and the price for house wine very reasonable. However, the breakfast in the morning was much better. There was a wide range of foods...cereals, cheese, cold meats, fresh fruit, rolls and pastries etc, and there was hot food outside selling pork items (the sausages and bacon were very good!) The chef made up an omelette for my husband on the spot and it was really delicious. I really enjoyed our stay at the Hatta Fort...it's just a shame it was too hot for us to indulge in some of the more sporty pursuits that were on offer. In general the staff were good (especially one guy called Laxman), and I really loved the room. I was wondering why it was only a 4 star as the rooms are great and there are lotsof facilities.....maybe it's the quality of the restaurants and bars (which we never tried). PS: We went to the Heritage Village in Hatta....we didn't think it was anything special. We climbed up to the tower though and got some good snaps. We also drove up to the dam which afforded an opportunity for good photos. There isn't much else to recommend Hatta itself. Oh, there is a Co-Op just infront of the entrance to the hotel which is handy if you've forgotten anything.	
Jul 16 2009	And now for something entirely different ...	Only a one night stay, unfortunately, but we managed to fit in a lot. We arrived mid-afternoon on 01 July 2009; The duty porter is a real character, with a lot of humorous chat, and very efficient, including valet parking. Check-in was quick and with a minimum of fuss.Our one-bedroom suite was excellent, and there were only minor issues, such as a rather complex light switch arrangement and no hair conditioner amongst the complimentary toiletries.We took a stroll around the extensive landscaped grounds, followed by a swim in the pool immediately adjacent to the main buildings. The second pool was temporarily closed for maintenance.We had dinner in “Jeema”, the evening à la carte restaurant. The service was good, the food very good, although we both felt that the sauce prepared for our Steak Dianne was rather too powerful. Breakfast and lunch in the casual dining “Café Gazebo” were both good. In between eating, we took a three hour guided 4x4 tour to Hatta Pools. Excellent value, and a very refreshing and cooling swim whilst there. But , be warned, if you do go for a swim then you will need to walk barefoot on hot and sharp stones – plastic or rubber “flip-flops” are absolutely recommended – we were surprised that the hotel did not suggest this – or, indeed, sell these in their shop.Departure was quick and straightforward, and was orchestrated by the comedian porter.Before leaving Hatta, we took a 45 minute look at the Traditional Village. No information in English is immediately available, but if one starts poking around and opening a few doors then there is a good amount of explanatory signage.	
Jul 13 2009 	Very much improved retreat	This Hotel is an old favourite of mine and is a welcome getaway from the frantic bustle and trendiness of Metro Dubai. It's only an hours drive from the city and whilst the town of Hatta, nestling in the Hajar Mountains, has developed incredibly over the last five years, the Hotel and its &quot;chalet&quot; type rooms, still occupies a quiet corner of the town, even if the view now includes the local Co-Op store!I have stayed here several times over the years but this time everything had been renovated and the huge, timbered ceiling rooms are now fully up to 5 star hotel standard. All amenities are available in the room, which was spotless and serviced twice a day. My only problem was a lack of hot water but because the cold water in the roof tank was so hot anyway (the outside temperature was 42 degreesC) this was not a problem. Air conditioning is excellent and the Internet link in the room is efficient, even at a price of US$25 per day.The coffee shop style restaurant and bar is only open during the day (closes at 7.00pm) but serves great snack food (and cold beer !) during this time. In the evening the main restaurant in the central hotel building opens and here the food, both Table d'Hote and A La Carte is really excellent, although the wine list could do with a bit of a shake up. Eddie runs this restaurant (and has done for years) and he certainly knows his stuff.The pool is large and clean and well serviced by pool staff. There are lots of activities - if that's what you want - shooting, archery, rambles etc and a small gym although my suggestion is that you would go there just to chill out for a while, rather than run around frantically doing things.Ther is a spa which could also do with a bit of upgrading. Staff are super friendly and service is really excellent - it was a great improvement on my last stay and everybody made us feel like the valued us as customers. This place is really worth a visit - don't miss it.	
Jun 29 2009 	Restful--hot and dry	I'll not parrot the others' comments, which I agree with. This place is apparently run by the same folks as the Jebel Ali Golf Resort. We got a deal for room/bkfst in Suite 509-511 this weekend, a bedroom-sitting room combo that used to be 2 separate bedrooms. Nicely appointed, esp the bathrooms. Fluffy robes and slippers, big towels, votive candles, fruit basket, 140AED for bottles of Aussie red wine, well stocked minibar, blackout curtains. Main restaurant is a throwback to the 70s, with flambe everything and lots of domed covers, but steaks were good; the rest of the dinner was unremarkable. Staff is very well trained; one told us the waiters had to graduate from the Indian hospitality schools in order to get a job there. Wine list was decent, and service was skilled, unlike some places in Dubai. Very good value for money, even if the car sensor did hit 49 degrees C on the way there! That's 120F. But unlike Dubai, the air was clear and very dry; you can sit out by the pool all but 12-4 when it really gets too darn hot and the wind picks up. Don't bother with golf in anything but winter--hubby declared the golf &quot;green&quot; a dirt pitch. Very basic gym, nice pool area well attended to, with towels and drink service. Surprising amount of bird life and still a few blooms around. It makes a very nice quiet and non-humid change from the city, and the mountains are beautiful. We'll go again...	
Jun 14 2009 	A different side of Dubai	We stayed here for 3 nights a couple of weeks ago and loved it, it was nice to have a relaxing few days away from Dubai and see a different side of the Emirate. It's in a lovely spot in the mountains, the rooms and bathrooms are nice and big and very clean, and the balconys have lovely views across the resort to the mountains. The staff couldn't do enough for us and service was excellent. We managed to get a great deal in the off-season with half board included and the food was excellent. I used the spa to have a manicure and I thought it was great value for a hotel spa at 80AED. We travelled to the resort by public bus which goes from Al Sabkha Bus Station and also Gold Souk Bus station in Dubai. There is a bus stop almost at the bottom of the hotel's driveway. The bus cost 7AED each which we thought was a much better option than paying 250AED each way to get there by taxi or 300AED by hotel transfer which appear to be the only other transport options. The bus does take longer (2hrs 15) and they run on &quot;Dubai time&quot; ie. they turn up when they turn up (the bus from Dubai was almost an hour late leaving and about half an hour late coming back) but once they get going they are perfectly fine. They are modern air conditioned buses and there is space at the front where couples are able to sit together. Single men have to sit at the back. Would highly recommend a trip to Hatta and a stay at Hatta Fort Hotel.	
Jun 10 2009 	Get away from it all	After a couple of days on the beach we headed up for a few nights at Hatta .It is a nice place , about an hour and a half from Dubai Airport and easy to get to . We were there after the weekend , apparently it was busy then but during the week it is very quiet . In the afternoon you may have the pool to yourself . The service is very good , the rooms are large and well laid out (Try to avoid the far left end of the chalets (As you look a the front of the Hotel ) as there is a building possibly to do with the laundry that has a substantial aircon / extractoer fan that runs 24/7 . Takes the edge off of your evening G'n'T on the terrace . This hotel can s get a little overrun occasionally with daytime visitors , corporate events and groups of 4x4's . The food is nice but beware the wine is very expensive . If I had a criticism it was the cocktails... ordered by the pool and on another occasion as pre dinner drinks .. Rather poorly made and uninspired .Overall a great place to visit to get away from it all , Rock Pools are withing easy reach . One bit of advice it you plan to travel and further than Hatta take a map and a compass as Road signs are still at the planning stage and according to Police we spoke to are not due any day soon .	
May 11 2009	breathtaking scenery of Hajar Mountains	An hour's drive from Dubai and a 10-minute drive from Oman Border, It's patios are overlooking the breathtaking scenery of Hajar Mountains.For Dining &amp; Entertainment; Jeema Restaurant, Gazebo Coffee Shop, Al Falaj Private Dining Room and Roumol Cocktail Bar are available. Other highlights are 4WD Safari, Golf Course, Temperature Controlled Swimming Pools and The Senses Beauty Salon.Nearby Points of Interest are Hatta Pools (Natural water pools) - 5 km and Hatta Heritage VIllage (Museum) - 1 km.	
Apr 30 2009 	Away from the City	An excellent get away resort in the UAE. It's about 1 1/2 hr drive from Dubai. A nice property sprawled across the hills. Lots of recreational facilities are available. We liked the Clay pigeon shooting event. You can also shoot arrows or joing some other activities. When exhausted we had exquisite arabic food. The cottages are cool and each one had a nice balcony and garden views. Ample car parking space is available	
Feb 17 2009 	surprisingly GOOD restaurant!	We spent two nights here with one five-year old. The hotel was quite a pleasant surprise on most counts. Especially the Jeema restaurant, we did not expect to find a sophisticated kitchen in the middle of nowhere! Great food and great presentation, also very good service. We have been to far more expensive restaurants in Dubai and been quite unhappy with the food! My guess is that chef Savio (?) is treated with great care... There is live music, but the musicians are nowhere as good as the chef!!The rooms and bathrooms are good, was surprised to read later that the hotel was 30 years old. The rooms look quite contemporary and the bathrooms are clean and quite modern. We were given an extra bed for our daughter at no extra cost (we didnt actually ask for it, but it was good to have)The miniature golf was interesting, and the pools were good too. we did not try out any other activity.	
Feb 13 2009	We have spent 9 chistmases here the staff are wonderful we have no adverse comme	We have stayed here about nine times serveral visits at Christmas.The food is excellent and staff extremely helpful and attentive without being overbearing.A visit to Hatta Fort Hotel can be summed up as a delightfull experience.We shall return again and again.Ian and Mary Burnie (CYPRUS)	
Dec 23 2008 	Nice birthday treat!	I was taken to the Hatta Fort Hotel for a birthday treat. Staff were excellent (very smiley, helpful, looking like they loved their jobs) - they gave a similar standard of service to that experienced in 5* London/Swiss hotels. Rooms were nice, with good bathrooms. Big walk-in showers and baths. Cocktail bar was very good; it has lots of red leather seats, and feels quite gentlemens club like. We dined in the restaurant - very good food, again served very nicely. Room service breakfast was excellent, and they had pork bacon/sausages. All in all a very nice hotel!	
Nov 18 2008 	Relax in the desert	We first stayed at this hotel some 20 years ago. We returned briefly 3 years ago and this year used it as a 2 day break in our journey from Abu Dhabi to Fujairah. The staff, many have been there for over 20 years afford their guests every courtesy and level of service that is possible. Over the years it has grown and now extends to some 40 plus villa's all standing in their own space looking towards the distant mountains. The hotel offers in addition to fine dining, various other activities. Tennis, spa treatments,4x4 excusions through the desert and mountains, shooting, archery etc. In fact there is something for eveyone. We chose to be lazy, lounge at the pool, enjoy the excellent waiter service providing poolside drinks and snacks and wander around the towns visitor attractions. Children have their own pool and play areas full of interesting games and attractions designed to keep them both quiet and happy. The scenery is stunning, the food truly excellent and the staff some of the finest to be found anywhere. Highly recommend a visit, it will not disappoint.	
Nov 2 2008 	A great getway	An amazing getaway experience. Away from the hustle and bustle of the city of Dubai is an oasis of tranquillity.Great service, extremely friendly staff and an amazingly spacious and opulently decorated rooms.A really great place to relax and unwind	
Oct 20 2008 	Great service!	My partner and I stayed at Hatta in October seeking a break away from the heat and hectic life of Dubai. We chose Hatta as the website promoted a number of activities available including spa treatments, off roading, shooting and archery. Unfortunately we found the spa to be closed - long term due to sickness and the off roading we were told was not available due to the area needing to be cleaned. We thought this was strange as we were in the midst of the Hajar mountain range so surely there would be more than one trail used by the off-road driving company. Even more strange was the number of off-road driving companies that use the hotel as a stop for a BBQ lunch - surely off roading could have been organised?The archery area was not particularly well maintained and the targets were in need of replacing.A walk around to the shooting area showed that this area was also in need of some care and attention. Had we known there would be such a lack of and poor facilities we may possibly have chosen a different destination.On a more positive note the rooms appeared to be recently refurbished and were very comfortable and the bathroom was a very good size with lovely bath and walk in shower. The swimming pool area (there are two - we chose the quiet pool) was pleasant, clean and well attended. The food was of a high standard and above all the service was excellent - the staff could not have been more pleasant, helpful and willing to please.All in all a nice but slightly dated hotel lacking in activites but with great staff.	
Sep 11 2008 	A fantastic stay	We stayed at the Hatta Fort Hotel for a long weekend, and were really pleased that we had chosen it. The rooms were fabulous and spotless, had lovely toiletries and amenities and a nice outlook over Hatta.The pools were good, although not overly exciting, but poolside service was excellent. Nice games room with table tennis, air hockey and pool, as well as free mini golf. There was a small charge to use the driving range (I think 25Dhs) and archery was something like DHS150 a half hour lesson. There was also a well-equipped gym.The staff were fantastic and really helpful and cheerful at all levels. The buffet dinner at the reataurant was fantastic, so they have obviously upped their game since the poor reviews on this site were written. The breakfast buffet was also great, with wonderful pork sausages, a rarity at any buffet, even outside the Middle East!As we were there in the middle of summer it was extremely hot, and as the hotel rooms are a short walk outdoors from the main building and restaurants with a few steps and small hills to cross, I wouldn't recommend that elderly or pregnant people book in during the hot summer months. You'd have no worries during the cooler months, however.Also be aware there's a dress code in the restaurant, where men must wear trousers and closed toe shoes. My husband, along with a few other blokes, were asked very politely to go back to their rooms to change.I would definitely go back there in future.	
Sep 1 2008 	Relaxing Stay Away From Busy Dubai	My husband and I have just spent 2 nights at the hotel and had a wonderful time. We were celebrating our wedding anniversary and could not have chosen a better place. The service was exceptional, the decor amazing, and the food delicious. We found the atmosphere relaxing, aspecially the &quot;quiet area&quot; around the residents pool. It is only about one and a half hours from Dubai, a quick break from the city and into the country side.It is worth a day trip as well. Thank you to all the staff that made it a memorable occassion.	
Aug 13 2008 	Loved Hatta	We have just returned from Hatta Fort having stayed there for 8 nights. What can I say, in all of our extensive travelling we have never stayed anywhere where we were made to feel so pampered and special!Nothing was too much trouble for the staff, the room was immaculate and the food superb. There was lots to do if the mood took, equally there was total relaxation. We will definately be back.C and J Reid	
Jun 5 2008 	Relaxing break in a little oasis	We’ve stayed at Hatta Fort twice in the last month, taking advantage of their mid-week specials which include dinner and breakfast. The rooms are large and have their own balcony and the grounds are very nice to wander around, admiring the aviary and the wandering peacocks. We spent most of our days just lazing by the pool and enjoying the afternoon breeze. As it was midweek the hotel was very quiet and our stay was relaxing.Having read in previous reviews and a guidebook of the terrible food here we were hesitant staying here at all as we really didn’t want to be a captive market for awful meals. We were very pleasantly surprised to find the food was good. During our first visit the evening meal was a buffet, the second it was a la carte. Both were very enjoyable, in fact the vegetarian dish I had from the menuI was exceptionally nice .We really have no complaints about the hotel, staff can be a little slow to get things done but we were in no hurry anyway. They were certainly always very polite and helpful.	
Apr 29 2008	Bad staff and customet service!	Hotel located on the boarder of Oman. Beautifully designed rooms and various fascinating sites to see. Very bad customer service especially at the reception. Rude staff!!!	
Nov 1 2007	A great stopover on the way to Oman	Hatta is conveniently located about 15km before the border to Oman. Hatta Fort Hotel is a good choice for a stopover - rooms are spacious and well kept, the hotel grounds and the pool are very nice. The restaurant was amazingly good considering the location and the service was always smiling and helpful. Taking a side trip to one of the wadis is amazing and there are lots of other things to do in the area if you plan to stay longer. Recommended!	
Sep 17 2007 	What a fantastic place	What a fantastic place to stay! We spent the last 3 days of our holiday here and wished we'd booked for the whole 10 days. The room we had was amazing and absolutely spotless. They provided a fruit basket for us on arrival and chocolates every night. The grounds were beautifully kept and the pool was clean and well looked after.The staff were unfailingly courteous, helpful, friendly and were still smiling even after a 16 hour shift! Nothing was too much trouble for them.We were on an &quot;all inclusive&quot; package and couldn't fault the food or the service. Friday was busy with people coming for breakfast and lunch but the standard of food and service didn't falter.Although we've just returned home we are already contemplating going back and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys a peaceful location with lovely scenery and excellent services and facilities.	
Jun 18 2007 	Great weekend getaway!	What a lovely place to spend a weekend! We live in Dubai and are always looking for some place to get away from it all, especialy during the hot summer months. We had mixed reviews from friends who have been there but our experience was extremely positive. The atmosphere is cosy and friendly. The service is excellent. We stayed in a deluxe room and it was huge and very comfortable. It's perfect for couples, but we also noticed alot of families. The food was very nice and the property offers quite a few activities if you want to keep yourself entertained.	
Feb 19 2007	a wonderful retreat	We have just returned from this lovely hotel in the desert about an hour from Dubai. We stayed in one of the newly decorated luxury rooms which was very nicely done in an Arabian style and worth the small amount of extra money. The staff were very friendly and helpful nothing being too much trouble. The food was excellent and the Valentine's dinner superb. There are 2 pools, one quiet one and one for children and as we were travelling alone we found this a bonus to be able to get away from lots of children. There are plenty of activities if you want them, such as archery, clay pigeon shooting, golfing, mini golf, tennis and hiring bikes, also jogging and walking trails. After 3 blissful days we really did'nt want to leave and will definitely be returning in the not too distant future. The only tip I would offer is try to avoid Thursday evenings and Fridays as this is the weekend in the UAE and it did get very busy especially in the dining room on Thursday evening.	
Feb 8 2007	Good bad good bad which?	I love Hatta Fort Hotel. The place is teeming with memories of great family vacations in Dubai, when my dad would decide to whisk the family away from the hustle and bustle of Dubai's rat race. I was 13 then... I am 26 now. The hotel is that old... and older... and it shows. But I love going back there for the lovely staff and service, those gorgeous Chalet styled rooms (you would think you were on a swiss mountain somewhere, whith the curtains drawn and minus the fireplace) and who can NOT be caught up in the magic of those beautiful wadi's! I completely recommend you drive there. Only an hour away from Dubai - the journey is not tireless and well worth it if you make a few fresh juice stops and possibly haggle over some lovely earthen pots that are for sale in endless numbers along the road side. Stop off at The Big Red for some quad biking adventure if you really want to arrive at this beautiful fort knackered! Regardless of what time you arrive, the staff are there, willing to please in every way. I just found it sad that a 70-yr old man was made to lug our luggage to our room, which was not exactly close (half a second in, my husband took over and the 3 of us had a nice little chat to the door). Once inside, the place was clean and spacious... think 2 adults and 3 kids fitting in without stepping on each other's toes. Yeah the rooms are quite big. We have always booked our say with a 3 course dinner included (Dhs 500/per night). And from a Relais &amp; Chateaux member restaurant you'd expect nothing less... I must say I was a little disappointed on our last visit. Being fair, the head chef was on vacation (he's allowed!) but you think the sous chef's working under him would have an inkling about cooking - nope. The straw that broke the camel's back was when my main course arrived and what was supposed to be some funky salsa turned out to be nothing but... HEINZ tomato ketchup. Man was I disappointed - especially after I had raved about this place to my friends and family. This was such a let down - I almost considered never going back there again. A little embarrassed by my outburst the next morning, as we were checking out - I let the hotel manager know what I thought of their crappy meal - I got an apology. Ce la vie! I would recommend this hotel and it's main restaurant to anyone - just make sure the head chef's not on vacation before you get your dinner cutlery ready.	
Nov 1 2006 	Business Retreat	We used Hatta Fort for a recent business meeting retreat. This is an excellent venue for getting your group to an out of the way location. Meeting factility is first quality for medium to small groups. Some people complain that it is very isolated ~1 hour from Dubai.	
Oct 27 2006 	Hot Hatta !!	Stayed here for 7 nights mid Oct 2006. We checked out the reviews on trip advisor before going and they were slightly mixed so we didn't really know what to expect, but basically went on a recommendation from a relative. The hotel does have a slightly older feel to it but is still very comfortable and clean. Its quite a small place but the staff cannot do enough for you, Infact the service really is the best thing about the hotel, the staff are simply superb and very friendly. We stayed in a refurbished room which was very large and extremely comfortable, with a luxury bathroom. If you can afford it, ask for a refurbished room. The two pools are excellent, the larger one being primarilly for childern and families, but the other smaller pool is closer to the main hotel and next to the café!The food was excellent and very tasty. Infact the only negative thing I can say about the place (and only a minor thing) is the evening menu is a little limited (only about 6-7 choices) so after day 3 I was struggling to find something that really appealed. However, a fantastic buffet is laid on on Thursday and Friday evenings allowing you to try other things. Be aware also that there is very little outside the hotel grounds and the hotel is a good hours drive from Dubai city. All in all though, I'd definably recommend the hotel to anyone !	
Sep 25 2006 	Great hotel awful food!	Looks like a 1970's country club, but has a lot of charm and character. The grounds are pleasant and green, despite the lack of rain for the last 7 years (which has put pay to their golf course). Lots of activities to do and nice pool areas.The rooms are all outside chalets and the deluxe rooms are spacious, with lots of wood, nice soft furnishings, a sofa and large comfy bed - lots of character. Lighting is atmospheric, but very gloomy. All balconies have great views. Bathrooms are very good indeed, with shower and bath and are lit with candles at night.Staff were very efficient and friendly and this was the only place in the UAE where we were shown to the room and everything explained.Breakfast is very good with plenty of choice, but dinner is stuck in a 1970's time warp with Prawn Cocktail, Chicken Veronique and Black Forest Gateux all featuring!! Its edible, but just naff and quite expensive naff too. The whole place is a series of contrasts and the bar is no exception - more like something from a bad porn movie!!But when all is said and done - it is a really great place to stay and we did enjoy our time here, just accept you won't get haute cuisine.	
Aug 6 2006	Part of the family	Could write their praises for hours as so many great experiences enlightened our stay here. Consistently friendly and helpful staff, superb service and fantastic food - would be delighted to go back	
Jun 24 2006	would recommend this hotel	i really liked this hotel. we had a refurbished mountain view room which was really lovely like a little swiss chalet. nicely decorated huge bed, balcony, beautuiful big bathroom. make sure you ask for a refurbished room is def worth the extra money! the service was great very attentive almost too attentive especially at the buffet where they kept taking to plate from us to carry to the table! even the singers in the restaurant were good and i usually hate that sort of thing. drinks by the pool were a bit expensive 2 coffees and 3 juices were £12 which seemed a bit excessive. there was a pool just for adults which was great the kids pool is on the other side of the hotel. the actual hotel is a bit dated but not run down or shabby just old fashion. a great hotel would recommend and our dinner was included in the rate so it was good value for money too.	
Apr 30 2006	Good value and very boutiquey	On arrival the reception area to the hotel looked dated and drab but once we were served a complimentary fruit juice and were given our rooms quickly even though we arrived early in the morning we were more impressed. The unrefurbished rooms were a bit dated especially in the bathrooms but they were large and airey and not bad. The refurbised rooms were all full but they looked much nicer and well worth the small extra cost. The service was excellent at the hotel. They even took us to visit the nearby heritage village when we enquired about taxi costs. The only problem we had was they use the rock pool which is the one catering for kids for functions too so it was closed while we were there. The other pool has signs saying quiet please and is totally intollerant of children playing at all which is a great idea if the other pool is open but makes life hard otherwise. When we did mention this to the manager though they did let the kids use the rock pool with the workmen around us setting up for that nights function, so if you have this problem it is worth mentioning it. The food at this hotel is superb better than many much more expensive hotels especially the breakfast. The hotel has very much the feel of an up-market french boutique hotel. The prices are good value for Dubai for both the accomodation and food and drinks.	
Apr 25 2006	A Happy Family..........	Last weekend we were at 'Hatta Fort Hotel' &amp; for sure we enjoyed a lot....! Along with us was our two year old daughter, who got all the attention of the staffs &amp; their pampering with some little goodies at times when she was fussy about anything. She also enjoyed the fun time with her dad, swimming at the Rock Pools designed with safety measures for every age, with its beautiful theme.Its always better not to have high expectations, that is one reason why we really enjoyed this trip. Being away from the city life.....in the natural surrounding of mountains &amp; staying in Chalets was one reason, but the credit goes to the management and the staffs' friendliness &amp; hospitality which is seen the moment you enter the hotel &amp; receive their warm welcome accompanied with a glass of fress juice which itself is so refreshing. Though we were there long before our check in time, we were escorted to our room in no time after the necessary formalities.The basket of fresh fruits after lunch... the BBQ dinner by the pool with live music.....and finally the surprise at your room once you plan to retire for the day... these thigns made the stay more exciting.For those who have to save a lot just to spend a night of luxury at Burj Al Arab, then the alternative can be &quot;Hatta Fort Hotel' as it is quite affordable for a weekend get away and specially in the beauty of nature if not luxury!We recommend you go &amp; experience it for yourself coz each of us hold a different opinion as per our point of view. But for sure you wont regret the choice once you are there.Regards,Mr &amp; Mrs. Saif25th April 2006	
Mar 7 2006	Peace in the mountains	Spent 3 nights at the Hatta Fort as part of a trip to Dubai. Whilst Dubai is very impressive it was so nice to escape the mad rush of the city for the peace of the mountains. We were warned that the hotel was a little dated but we found it excellent. We paid extra to stay in the newly renovated suites and it is well worth the money. Fabulous bed and sparkling bathroom. Little touches such as flowers and chocolates on your pillow at night &amp; a basket of fruit when you arrive. It is a Relais &amp; Chateau hotel so expected a good standard but food was better than any we've had in France (and we've lived in Paris for 7 years!)Staff are really friendly and helpful and our teenage children enjoyed the archery and putting green and the 2 pools. It's less than an hour's drive to Dubai which makes it an excellent escape from all the building work in the city. Excellent value for money too.	
Jan 13 2006	The Hotel in the Mountains	This is the third time my wife and I have stayed at the Hatta Fort Hotel. We adore everything about it and cannot wait to return again. The manager and his staff are simply the best and everyone there is so attentive to your every need without going over the top. Since our last visit some of the rooms have been refurbished and they are fabulous. The peace and tranquillity after the hub of Dubai is akin to another world. We love the excellent food which is on a par to any leading hotel, with a choice to match. I cannot imagine anyone being disappointed!	
Sep 11 2005	Lovely!	My husband and I stayed at the Hatta Fort Hotel for our first anniversary. We loved it. The hotel is undergoing some renovation but that did not impact on us at all.Our room was huge, with a lovely fruit basket waiting for us. The rooms are like cottages, with high wooden ceilings and lovely balconys. Bathrooms are slightly shabby but fine.Food in the Gazebo restuarant was lovely, room service breakfast was one of the best ever!It was very quiet and peaceful, not many other guests, so the pool wasn't crowded.Overall a fantastic place to spend a romantic weekend!	
May 10 2005	Very disappointing	We booked to stay at Hatta Fort after reading the great reviews on this site. We got married whilst in Dubai, and wanted to spend a few days away from the hustle and bustle of Dubai.I have to say we weren't impressed. The hotel reminded me of a British traditional holiday resort - a bit shabby around the edges, old fashioned decor etcThe rock pool was closed, and the residents pool was unbearably cold, and the golf course was shut. All in all we were just really disappointed. The grounds are very pretty, but when we arrived there was a big corporate event on, so relaxing on the balcony was accompanied by tug of war etc etc!This was a very low price resort, and we hoped for a little gem, but after the luxury of Dubai it was really disappointing.We checked out after 1 night and went to Bab al Shams instead which was great.	
Dec 29 2004	A Blissful Escape	You know you are someplace special as you step onto your veranda overlooking seas of flowers and showered with bird songs. Spacious rooms, unobtrusive service, a chilled pool for the hottest of days and countless actvities make Hatta Fort Hotel a real treat. Have a manager tour you through the whole property and learn the history of this royal vacation escape turned resort.	
Oct 25 2004	First Class	I visited the Hatta Fort Hotel with my fiance in October 2004 and was extremely impressed. The rooms are beautiful chalet style all with a private balcony and are clean and spacious. Our booking included a set evening meal - we had a 5 course a la carte meal every night and every meal was fantastic. The hotel had some lovely touches - we were provided with fresh fruit in our room daily and a waiter would bring fruit to us when at the swimming pool. Also, every night when we returned from our meal, the beds had been turned down and fresh flowers and a chocolate were placed on the bed. The staff at the hotel were lovely and nothing was too much trouble for them. We got a taxi from Dubai city and it took about an hour - I think next time we will hire a car so we can explore the Hatta area a little bit more. Hatta Fort is ony about 8 miles from the border of Oman so we asked at reception if we could have a driver to take us across - this was arranged no problem. I would highly recommend Hatta Fort and will definitely be back.	
Oct 8 2004	Curried favour	IMy husband and I spent 6 nights at the Hatta Fort, on a B &amp; B basis, in September 2004. We had a wonderful time - the hotel was excellent in every respect. Nothing was too much trouble. The swimming pools were lovely and, as we also went out of season, 10 people around the pool constituted 'rush hour'. The rooms were large, well maintained and contained everything necessary for an enjoyable stay. The staff were friendly and helpful.Unlike the previous reviewer we didn't try the desert golf (the mini golf was more our style), but we had great fun on the Archery range - which was free. Tuition, if required, is extra but very very inexpensive.Not far from the hotel main gates we found a Lebanese(?) restaurant which was extremely cheap. We couldn't name all the dishes on our table but the experience proved well worth the visit.When we expressed a wish to visit the nearby Heritage Village, (too hot and too far to walk) the hotel provided a car &amp; driver free of charge. The driver dropped us off and arranged to collect us when we wished.The hotel restaurant, in common with all those in other first class hotels, is expensive but my husband said the curry was the best he had ever tasted - anywhere ....... including Asia.The hotel manager came to speak to us before we left and asked if we had enjoyed our stay - not something that happens very often. It's the little things which make you feel just that tiny bit special.We intend to return next year to celebrate our wedding anniversary.Sue Goodwin	
Sep 26 2004	Dubai without the crouds	My wife, Daughter, her boy friend and I spent 5 days at Hatta in August 2003. The hotel couldn't be faulted for service, staff and the rooms. The swimming pools were excellent. Our stay was during the low season and at times we were the only people in the pools. During a game of golf on the desert course one of the waiters brought cool cloths and water out to usA minor problem which may affect people on a budget is the fact that you can only eat in the hotel restaurants. Booking bed and breakfast helps and another little tip is to walk down to the local &quot;Township&quot; to buy bottled water, lemonade, coke and other treats. These items are dear in the hotel but very cheap down the road. If you don't have transport the hotel will lay on a car to Dubai at about AED200.e-mail for further information.	
Aug 21 2009 	????		
Jan 1 2009 	???????????????		
