Nov 8 2009 	A great place to stay	Have just returned from a week at the Al Sondos by Le Meridien travelling with my 17 year old daughter. We were looking for a convenient location for a mix of beach, relaxation, shopping and sight seeing. Were upgraded to a one bedroom apartment at no extra cost which was beautifully appointed and very comfortable. The recently opened City Centre metro stop is literally 1 minute walk from the hotel and there is a direct train to Terminal 3 at the airport, also used the metro to get to the Emirates Mall. It costs 5 dirham per trip per person (around 80 pence) and is much cheaper and faster than taxis. The metro station also serves as a subway across to the Mall and is a safeter way to cross the busy street. The hotel reception staff were friendly and tried to be helpful but are unknowlegable about the area. They assured us that the Gold Souk was easily walkable from the hotel but it took over 20 minutes by taxi. There is a leisure desk which was never manned and only were interested in selling tours from a brochure which were at hugely inflated prices. The pool is TINY (the photographer must have used a very wide angled lens on their website) and largely in the shade so not a place to catch some sun. Had some great days out which were all easily reachable from the hotel. The desert safari (booked from a tourist brochure picked up at the airport) is a must - paid 150 dirhams per person - the hotel wanted 220. Al Mamza Park is about 10 minutes by taxi in the opposite direction to Jumeirah Beach. 5 dirhams per person entry to a beautiful park and 3 beaches which were virtually empty, cafes, showers and taxis readily accessible. Spent a day at Wild Wadi water park, was given a 2 for 1 entry by a stranger in the queue (thank you!) which was fun but the new water park at Atlantis is supposed to be much bigger and better although did not go there. Ate at Al Bustan Hotel and had some of the best Lebansese food ever tasted and not at all expensive. The Al Sondos is a dry hotel as is the mall opposite so make sure you bring / buy all you need on your way into Dubai unless you want to spend ages searching for a glass of wine.	
Aug 3 2009 	Absaloutley fabulous staff and accomadation..5* would go again	I was travelling with my family ( wife, 4 teenagers/adults aged 14,18,20,21)...... we checked in at 5AM!!!!! when check in is at 12! and they let is in with NO fuss no trouble, and WITH A ROOM UPGRADE because our rooms were still occupied arriving as early as we did. I booked 3 double bedrooms: al sondos suite, deluxe and executive suite, all charming and excellently spacious.EXECUTIVE SUITE: 2 single bedrooms as asked for, a large family bathroom/toilet, a kitchenette, and living room/seating with plasma32&quot; TV.AL SONDOS SUITE: huge room, hallway, large bathroom with shower/bath, a larger kitchenette, a large living room open into the kitchen with a 32&quot; LCD TV, separate double bedroom with ample wardrobe space and ANOTHER TV.DELUXE SUITE: Huge living room with LCD TV, kitchenette, small toilet, Huge double bedroom with large en suite and TV. Excellent for families/long stay we stayed 7 nights.Each room has a washing machine+drier, blow dryer, fridge, microwave, plates/cutlery pans etc...and the staff will wash all the dishes each day (part of the room service).Staff were so amazing and kind. Room service was available 24Hrs, though the pool size is disappointing but we never used it ( went to Atlantis water-park instead).The huge deira city centre/mall is a 3 min walk with huge food court and market for groceries (CARREFOUR: A HUGE shop like ASDA/TESCO ). To see the great/main attractions however need a taxi/car but in Dubai parking is FREE! And the construction mentioned in the other reviews is NOW OVER. (remember dubai has building sites everywhere) but i heard nothing and no complaints about noise etc. TRULY REALLY AMAZING HOTEL HIGHLY RECOMMENED AND WITH CREDIT CRUNCH PRICES ARE HALF!!!I RECOMMEND BUYING A BOOK OF VOUCHERS/OFFERS FROM MAGRUDY'S A SHOP IN DIERA MALL WORTH 300dhrs (£60) i knw its alot but it will save you sooo much money......we went to water parks eg ATLANTIS WATER PARK AQUAADVENTURE is 200Dhrs pp but with the book we only paid for 3 people. each time a ticket is brough you get one free.Food is also in the book....buy anything from HAGEN DAZ get one free etcc...1 meal at TGI FRIDAYS get one free...and all the 5* restraunts within the top hotels (HILTON, SHERATON )...desert safaris ITS ALL IN THERE!!!!!	
Apr 23 2009 	Very nice good location	HOTEL AND ROOMS:Because there was 4 of us, we had a 2 bedroom, 3 bathroom suite with an entry hallway, full kitchen, full dining table, living room with pull out couch and a washer and dryer. There was a fruit basket on the first day and the newspaper was delivered every morning. The staff was very nice, the hotel was beautiful, and free internet. There was a small pool, and the gym was always empty. Parking was always available underground, and a friend that lives in Dubai was able to drive in and park with no problems.LOCATION:The hotel was located in Deira, across the street from City Centre mall, which is a huge mall. Also close to the Gold Souk and the dinner boat cruises on the river. We were able to walk over to the mall and hop onto the Big Bus tour, also able to walk along the river. The hotel was a good location for us, but still quite far from the Jumeira Beach area. The Big Bus tour was awesome because we were able to make it around Dubai and get off and on the bus no problem. Make sure you start first thing in the morning because there is a lot to see.TRANSPORTATION:Dubais public transportation system is really bad, most tourists do not take the bus, but take cabs instead. Cabs are quite cheap, but traffic can be very bad and because of the layout of the city, it can become quite expensive to drive from point A to point B so make sure to plan out your trips. When we were visiting, they were in the process of building a sky train.SIGHTS:Desert Safari - awesomeBig Bus tour - awesomeGlobal Village - horrible, total culture shock, full of crapMall of the Emirates - awesomeBurj Al Arab - amazingJumeria Beach - beautiful, but not much to itPalm Island, Atlantis Hotel - AwesomeDinner Boat cruise - really niceWe went during the shopping festival, and it was great because all the stores have something on sale - better sales then i get at home. The dates for the shopping festival change every year so check online but its ususally mid January to mid February.Dubai was amazing to see, but it is a very expensive city and the sites are very spread out. It was very helpful to have a friend that lived there to be our private tour guide!	
Mar 10 2009 	convenient	Stayed at the Al Sondos in Oct for 5days and l was quite impressed. The service was good, the location is excellent, opposite the mall and even with the construction going on, it was a very short walk to the mall. The staff were courteous and will definately stay there again	
Mar 8 2009 	still a nice hotel	Last month, we went for Dubai for a business. my friend is working at Westin so can get a 'Special rate'. When I arrived the hotel on the first day 7 am, the staff told me that the room is not ready until 9 am, so we said we will wait until 9 am (otherwise charge 50% of room rate if check in early). The staff led us to a sofa to rest and gave us 2 bottle mineral water. When we starting to open the cover, the receptionist told us that the room is ready, I quite wonder their responsiveness!!!When I go inside the room, it quite impresses. The room is a 'Studio' type, (bed room, kitchen and bath room). The room is clean, tiny, and the facility is quite complete. The bed is twin bed, it’s tiny and clean. However, the bed is quite old, because when you lie down and get out on the bed, there was a concave on the bed. Beside, I think the size of bed is quite small for Asia People nor western, as you make a turn u might on the floor.For the kitchen, I think is can be consider full equipment, it include 2 hot stove, pans, utensils for cooking &amp; dinner, fridge, kitchen ventilator, toaster, kittle, washing machine, microwave. We make our breakfast everyday, it’s convenience and saving in term of time and money. The utensil includes fork, shovel, a Tefal Pan, and so on but except spoon for dining. The fridge temperature is normal, but the door could not close properly, you have to ‘kick’ it then only can be close ‘tightly. When you finish cooking, just leave the plate or utensil on the sink, the room services will be clean on you.The bath room is ok. The temperature of water is hot and strong enough. The room is complete with soup, shampoo, condition and body lotion However; their only prepare 1 bathrobe for 2 guests. The hotel is also not providing slipper, comb and shaver.The Air-con is central control type. I found it’s is a bit ‘dry’ in mid night. The room cleaning service is normal. Their just clean what ever they ‘see’ and neglect a very detail matter. Like we go for sand surfing at night, when we come back we wash in the bath room, so there are a plenty of sand on the bath room, at next day we went out and came back at night, we found the sand still there. The location of this hotel is strategy located opposite the Diera Mall. Unfortunate, there constructions between both building, so we have to take a long distance to reach the mall. If not, the location is convenience.Beside, if you have better budget, you should take hotel’s taxi rather then public one. The cost for hotel is 3 – 4 times higher then public taxi. The main point to choose the hotel taxi are there driving attitude is much better and will let you have dizzied.Overall, I satisfied with the hotel. I will come back to stay as well.	
Mar 2 2009 	mostly amazing!	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and it was great! They accomadated me when I checked in at 10am (6 hours early!) and were able to check my baggage. I was also greeted with fruit juice and refreshing towel which was a nice touch. They also upgraded me to a suite and it was lovely!I used the gym once, and it was ok. Never used the pool. Had breakfast in the News Cafe once, it was good but pricey. The kitchette features were very handy, although its tough to use the kettle (two prong appliance that you have to shove into a three prong outlet).The construction outside the hotel was a tad noisy but not too bad - and I was on the 2nd floor and it was right outside my window. What was noisy at times was the drainage system which ran water from other rooms right through the wall near my bed. But I only heard that in the mornings.The best thing about the hotel was the service! Absolutely great!	
Jan 12 2008	Excellent place to stay - great combo of hotel and condo	A really nice place. Well located, short walk to the Deira City Centre mall. Large rooms with kitchenettes. Great bathrooms. Had heard that construction noise could be a problem, but we didn't hear a thing. (Although we did hear a baby crying in the room next door!). We booked on the Meridien website and we got a terrific price in comparison to anything else I could find. Didn't eat at the hotel. Used their car and driver a couple of times - once to go to a restaurant and once to go to the airport. There are no taxi stands nearby, so this is a good option for transportation.	
Jan 8 2008 	Al Sondos Suites - Great location 	The Alsondos Suites has all the benefits of a self contained apartment and a 4 star hotel combined. Located 5 mins from the airport with Jumerah Beach only 15mins by taxi away and directly opposite a big shopping centre, we found this place to be a really nice place to stay.There is a pool, gym, restaurant, room service,satelite tv -infact everything you could wish for. The rooms are serviced everyday, the hotel is very clean and the staf fare friendly and effeceint. The bedroom, bathroom and loung/dinning area were huge. And the prices for staying here were cheap compared with hotels in Dubai.	
Dec 10 2007 	friendly and welcoming	stayed for 8 days in November, much building work in the area, although it is difficult to avoid building work in dubai at the moment. On occasions it was quite noisy and building work does go on through the night but we had no problem sleeping. Staff were very helpful and friendly. The apartments are spacious and well equipped and are spotlessly clean. The pool area and the area outside the hotel is very dusty due to the ongoing building work. The only surprise was that the restuarant did not serve alcohol with meals. The city Centre shopping mall is within a 5 minutes walk and the Boardwalk restuarant in the yacht club is about a 15 minute walk away.	
Nov 5 2007	a fab hotel	i have just returned from a 9 night stay at this hotel and i cannit say enough in praise for everything and all staff members in it.the hotel is extremely well located and the staff are the most helpful i have ever encountered.having read some reviews which showed the staff in a negative light i must disagree.each and every one of them from the door men to the front desk staff deserve nothing but the height of respect and praise.pk there is building going on around the hotel but that is not the fault of the hotel.it does not interfere in your stay in any way.and on that point.it doesnt matter where you stay in dubai there is building going on around you.the rooms are lovely.there is transport to the royal meridien beach club if you require it....all in all a fab place to stay.olive ireland.	
Aug 26 2007 	"Sleepless in Dubai"	Hotel facilities are really nice. Rooms are spacious and clean, restaurant is good and gym facilities adequate. But, here's the problem - this hotel is right next to (on top of) a large construction site that doesn't stop. Right through the night you are kept awake. I tried sleeping pills and that didn't work either. Reception staff are unfriendly and unsympathetic. I would consider staying here again, but certainly not if construction is still going on.	
Aug 1 2007 	An alright place to stay...	Great spacious rooms that are kept very clean. Room service staff amazing and did their job well. The breakfast buffet is worth the price. The only thing that was a bit of a downfall was the attitude of the front desk staff. We had a leak in our bathroom and reported it to front desk. They did nothing. It wasn't until the next day when we spoke to housekeeping that something was done. Housekeeping told us that the incident was not reported. Besides the attitude of the front desk people, all other staff we met were very good.	
Jun 13 2007 	Spacious rooms	This hotel was booked by Emirates on my way back from Dhaka to Istanbul for a single night.The hotel was located in the middle of a building site with lots of construction going on. Not a very nice view from your room obviously .However, the room was very spacious with a proper kitchen , a &quot;living room&quot; with TV, separate bedroom with TV,a main and a guest bathroom. I was positively surprised since I did not expect any of that from a stop over hotel.The breakfast buffet was also quite decentI would recommend this hotel for business travellers only who would only stay for 1 or 2 nights.The pool is tiny and the location not very good.	
May 20 2007 	Worked well for business	The hotel worked well for my visit, i.e., a small group of people in town for business.The room was spacious and clean. However, the was a mosk quite close to the hotel and the first morning I woke up to the prayers at around 4 am :) I got used to it, though, and did not wake up to it for the rest of my trip.The breakfast was ok with fres fruits etc. and it was not crowded. The rooms included a small kitchen also and used it a couple of times too. There was also a grocery shop a few blocks away, where you could get all the stuff you need for breakfast and so on.There was a pool on the rooftop. I spent a few hours there on a couple of mornings and I enjoyed it.Taxis we're pretty easy to get either by the hotel or a few blocks away. On most occasions my group had a private transportation service.The business services did not work out well, by this I mean mostly Internet. However, during our day program I always had chance to check my email etc. so was not affected by this too much.	
Apr 19 2007 	Excellent hotel for families.	This is an excellent hotel, admittedly in the middle of a building site, but the pros outweigh the cons considerably.The rooms are big and have a kitchen included, very useful when you're travelling with a 10 month old. The swimming pool was excellent, we were the only ones in there each day! The attitude of the staff is also first class, theya re more than willing to help.The hotel is just across from Deira City Centre. The room was surprisingly peaceful given the nature of the building work.Highly recommended, we stayed there 5 nights.	
Apr 12 2007 	A few faults but overall beautiful and very convenient location	I stayed here for 4 nights in early April. The other reviewers are right, that it isn't entirely comfortable to be in the middle of a construction site, but I didn't find the noise to be a problem. Overall, for those who like to shop and be in close proximity to the airport, the location can't be beat. It does take a few minutes to navigate the construction walkways across the street to the Deira City Center mall, but far less time and expense than to get into a taxi and go to some other mall. To me, the best features of the hotel are the large and beautifully-decorated rooms, all with washer-dryer (complicated to use) and bidet, and inviting corridors. The front desk, bellhop, and housekeeping services are sometimes a little slow on the uptake. Probably the worst feature of the hotel is the small swimming pool. The Starwood website is probably the best way to book this hotel, because you get all the Meridien and Sheraton properties on one page for easy comparison and the rates seem better than on the sites like Travelocity and Expedia.	
Apr 9 2007 	A building site!	Just come back from a one night stopover stay - what more can I say - it is in the middle of a building site! I had cranes 10 metres outside my window and there was a constant noise of machinery outside - luckily I was tired after long flights from the Far East and sleeping was not an issue. The breakfast is quite good and there is a nice, though small pool on first floor, with a great view of the cranes. The gym is also very outdated - old Nautilus equipment from the 90s and onlh a small stack of free weights. As for the rooms, not bad though the bathroom in mine was looking a bit tired and room 911 doesn't have a good view to put it kindly. The rooms have a kitchen which is handy if self catering.Overall, right now I would avoid this hotel - too much traffic, too much noise, too much construction going on - pay a bit more and base yourself by the beach. Dubai didn't really ring my bell full stop to be honest - why would anyone want to spend a week(end) on a building site or sitting in traffic. Dubia isn't particuarly good value either. Sorry to be so negative, but I call it as I see it!	
Apr 1 2007 	Good hotel but noisy building work	We arrived at 9am and waited a short while for a room which they upgraded to a suite. Great kitchen and laundry facilities. Lovely staff, knowledgeable concierge and valet parking. It is positioned beside a wonderful mall, the Big Bus leaves from there which is useful to see around and avoid taxi charges. Price for Dubai was very reasonable but dear in general. HOWEVER it is an island surrounded by rubble and building work which continues 24hrs and is VERY NOISY. We didn't eat there. Very clean and comfortable but somehow lacked the wow factor or maybe I should have paid more for a wow factor hotel. The corridors were beautifully designed, bathrooms ok and bedrooms nice. There was a small but pleasant pool and fitness centre. I don't know why I felt flat about the place but I did.	
Feb 10 2007	Beware the builders	This is a great place. Convenient for the airport and town and shopping. Service is superb. Rooms are excellent and spotless....BUT I would warn you that, at the moment (Feb2007) it is an island in a sea of building sites on 3 sides. One is nearly finished, another is only a hole in the ground so far and the third one was the worst. Still doing the foundations they work 24 hours a day and it is VERY noisy. The hotel upgraded us, without hesitation, to a slightly quieter side of the hotel but, if you are a light sleeper....beware! Also the City Centre shopping Mall 'just over the road' takes about 15 minutes to get to as you have to weave your way thru building sites.So, just check how its progressing before you book - when all is quiet I would give it the full 5 stars!	
Nov 25 2006 	So equiped we could live here!	We got this accommodation as a free layover with Emirates on our way to Kenya. We were shocked when we opened the door and found a beautiful, fully equiped apartment right down to a washing machine! We loved the location across the street from the City Centre Mall were we shopped till 1am during Ramadan. Breakfast was good but not as good as it's sister hotel near the airport.	
Nov 7 2006	Great Service!!	I went to this hotel with my children and hotel staff was absolutely wonderful and helpful! The rooms were definitely nice and spacious. It was my first time in Dubai and the staff in the restuarant and reception helped me out with different places to go. Excellent hotel and would stay there again!	
Aug 29 2006 	very good but a few flaws	The hotel itself is excellent, the rooms are excellent, the service is very good, location is ok - only good thing walking distance around is the shopping mall. The breakfast was nice but should be better (for being part of a 5 star lemeridian).	
Feb 4 2006	Good place to stay	We stayed here for two nights in January on route to the Maldives. The hotel is excellant, well placed directly opposite the city centre shopping mall and about a 15min walk to the gold souk etc and 5 minutes from the airport. We had a one bedroom suite which was spacious and very clean. Toiletries were lovely. A washing machine and dryer was also useful. We had one evening meal in the restaurant which was very nice and the breakfast was good. There are two things which should be borne in mind however and that is that the hotel is situated very close to a number of building sites but this seems to be the case for Dubai as a whole it is one big building site and there do not appear to be any restaurants in the vicinity apart from those located in the shopping mall opposite. I would definately recommend this hotel.	
Jan 19 2006 	lovley friendly hotel	stopped here for a week whilst working in Dubai early Jan 2006Lovley hotel, the staff are so polite and yet friendy, They are one of the best assets this hotel has... nothing is too much trouble for them &amp; they really do make you feel at home.Rooms: top notch, very well appointed, real 5*, the bed fantastic - really comfy.Location: right next to Deira city cente (big shopping mall), so fairly central, the hotel always has taxis waiting outside and they are inexpensive so heading off anywhere is easy.Hotel Restaurant: I only ever had breakfast here in the news cafe - great - of a very high quality &amp; with great service.The only negative thing about this hotel is that it has NO BAR!, the nearest one we found was 20 mins walk away in a nearby hotel.I would definatly stop here again.	
Jul 22 2005 	Excellent accommodation	Stayed for five nights in April 2005 and was very impressed with this hotel. Good location with taxis readily available and very cheap to get you quickly around Dubai. City Centre Shopping Mall which is huge is just across the road. Airport 10-15 minutes away.One bedroom suite was large by normal hotel standards, very clean and the kitchenette and washing machine/dryer was useful. Huge firm bed with lots of hanging space in the wardrobe and plenty of drawers. An extra toilet off the main lounge area was handy with guests visiting our room. The ensuite bathroom was well equipped and even included a bidet. Towelling robes were provided.The reception staff and concierge were very attentive and overall the experience was worthwhile. Have booked for another four nights in August.	
May 14 2005	Big Hearted little hotel.	Alan and I stayed at this apartment hotel in early May - we were extremely pleased with the Hotel, its staff and the amenities offered. It's not a grand Hotel by Dubai standards but the enthusiasm of the staff made you feel really looked after and showed they cared. Slight problem with apartment inventory but what was there was adequate. The Hotel facilities offered, including the rooftop swimming pool were excellent as was the fully equipped gym and the Concierge was second to none. Geographically, it could not have been better - the Burj Al Arab is fine if you want Beach all day, but I would imagine a romantic stroll round the old town at night was out of the question! Courtesy transport to airport and beach was a nice addition, always bearing in mind this was a modest, economy apartment Hotel - we would certainly go again! Happy Birthday Mohammed (on Reception!)	
Mar 1 2005	Al Sondos Suites by Le Meridien	The hotel itself is very nicely decorated and well maintained. The hotel has a small rooftop pool and jacuzzi. It also has a lovely seperate men and womens sauna and steamroom. The rooms were really lovely, well decorated and cleaned to a high standard. We had breakfast in the Newscafe restaurant and it was very very nice plenty of options and well stocked. The hotel provided a courtesy shuttle to the open beach at jumeirah for free, we chose to pay and go to the Jumeirah beach park ,it as only 5dir per person, which is quite nice. Overall we had a good time and i would reccommend this hotel because it is centrally located and right across the street fromthe City Centre mall, which has a good food court. On arrival however check your minibar and make sure that if there are any items from the list missing, let reception know.The hotel is ideal for those who want to do various things such as shopping, dining, and relaxing.I would go back and i consider this hotel to be a 4 star.	
Jan 8 2005	Very nice but check your minibar	We stayed here at the beginning of January 2005. Nice size room with kitchenette which included a 2 plate stove and washing machine as well as a microwave and fridge/freezer. It is across the road from City Centre shopping centre, Ikea side. Newscafe is a good restaurant. On the downside we were charged for Pringles we didnt eat so first check the minibar to see that everything is there otherwise you will be charged on departure. In this hotel the customer is not always right. Its a shame as this spoilt an otherwise great stay.	
Nov 24 2009 	Tout y est!!		
Aug 31 2009 	très très bon hôtel économique		
Feb 25 2008 	Relativ günstig aber wirklich keine Empfehlung		
Feb 26 2007 	Super Urlaub!!!!!		
