Nov 2 2009 	Unbearable disco noise until 3.3am every night	I am writing here about the Great dissatisfaction and appalling experience that my family and I encountered during our stay at this hotel on the 18th and 19th of October.My 9 yr old sister and my mother with ill health had to endure the suffering from the events at this ridiculous hotel.On the first night we stayed in room numbers: 115, 116 and 117 - 6 family members in total. This is one floor above what is called the Mezanine floor. Apparently it’s a night club and the loud music goes on until 3am every night. Little did we know we were going to spend the night in a night club.The loud music initially I assumed was from neighbouring room as you could feel the vibration too.When I rang reception at 2.30am, they didn’t admit that there is a disco venue directly below us. They said they will send someone to take care of the problem. However, at 3.25am I rang again. This time the security personnel that attended my query informed me that there is a dance event one floor below.I went to the Shift manager the following morning and demanded an explanation. He was apologetic and offered me a room on the top floor. I asked if he could put it in writing about the noise we suffered so that I could provide lastminute.com with this. He was reluctant but took us to the General Managers room. The General Manager – Mr Praveen Nanda was instantly defensive and kept repeating that we paid for a Standard Room and that the noise is expected in standard rooms and that he will move us to the top floor.I explained that whether standard room or not, lodgers ought to be able to sleep at night. Not have to stay awake till 3.30am. But he was very aggressive and rude. He raised his voice and said that we can leave the hotel now and he will give us a letter to show lastminute.com that we only stayed one night. But he wont provide us with a letter regarding the noise we had to tolerate.For your information, if you look at the booking printout, it says we booked a superior room.How distressing and inconsiderate. Now, are we to spend the day looking for another hotel and also pay out of pocket since we had prepaid this hotel?I was appalled at his behaviour. This sort of behaviour and experience is not expected from a 4 Star Hotel. He didn’t provide us with a letter to say we experienced noise. Instead, gave us his business card as proof that we have had a discussion with him. He said the Agents are aware of what they sell so we should have been informed while booking the rooms.Eventually when we were moved to another floor, it wasn’t the top floor. It was one floor above the one we stayed at. The bell boy carrying the bags asked why we were moving. I explained the ridiculous noise. He said this occurs every night. He was very correct. That night again we suffered noise till 3am but it wasn’t as loud as the previous night.	
Sep 10 2009 	Very helfull staff and comfortable hotel	We had an early flight and thus came to the hotel at 6am.They were full but made us comfortable in the lobby,offered tea/coffee and were able to give us a room in 30 minutes.I had read mixed reviews and so was aprihensive but must say they are a good hotel traveller friendly.The breakfast is amazing and roomservice was very fast.Wifi in the rooms helped us stay in touch with our office.Theyy have a shuttle to malls and becomes very cost effective.value for money,higly recommended	
Feb 22 2009 	Have never stayed in a worse hotel	I have just spoken on line to my husband who is on a business trip to Abu Dhabi. Not being able to get a reservation in any of the hotels in Abu Dhabi the company booked him into the Grand in Dubai, for 1 night only. (he has now gone to the Hilton in Al Ain which is 100 times better). He didn't get any sleep last night as there was constant noise from the room next door, the corridor and the night clubs. He reckons that the hotel was being used ( I leave it to your imagination as to what for)There was no internet in the room.The room was not very clean.Overall impression - NEVER AGAIN	
Feb 10 2009 	Not To Be Recommended	Stayed one night at this hotel prior to early flight following day from Dubai airport. The only thing going for this hotel is its close proximity to the airport - about 10 mins by taxi. Otherwise give this place a miss. It is in the heart of an industrial area surrounded by plumbers merchants, builders yards and also the area has some dubious characters hanging around. The pool is huge, but consists of 4 sun loungers, and lots of rubbish and general tacky. The hotel staff are not particularly helpful. You are at least 30 mins by taxi to any of Dubai's attractions. The rates charged are very expensive for what is basically a 2 star Travelodge	
Nov 30 2008 	Not grand but great value	Our travelling pal booked this hotel and after later reading the negative reviews on TA I had some worries. I was pleasantly suprised.We arrived after a long and late night flight at the grand around 6am tired and disoriantated (the hotel is a 10 minute cab journey from the airport) The manager at the desk was polite, asked us to wait in the lobby, offered us showers etc in the pool area.......and we could see he was trying his best to get us some rooms in what was a fully booked hotel. By 8.30am we had our rooms. Our room was large with comfortable beds (2 singles in our room, our friends had a double) flat screen Tv, mini bar and clean bathroom, hot water and good shower. The bathroom defintly had a strange wiff of curry but this wasnt really an issue.The breakfast was ok with choice of tea, coffee, juices plus eggs, beans and sausages, omlette chef. cereals and yogurts An Indian style spicy breakfast was also available. A negative point about this hotel was the expensive internet, at 3 pounds for a half hour this is a rip off.The location is very near the airport so its quite far from the souks and malls however unlike most things in Dubai. the cabs are still a bargain. Our first trip to Dubai was 4 years ago and we stayed at the excellent Hilton Dubai Creek, the prices of hotels in Dubai since then have, I feel doubled. Since you cant stay at the beach these days for less than 250 quid the grand is excellent value for money. Of course if your expecting 5 star luxury then you will be disapointed but if you want a good base for a 1 or 2 night stopover you cant go far wrong here.If you want the beach i would recommend the public beach adjacent to the Jumeriah complex. Its quiet and you get a great view of the Burj Al arab. The Beach parks are dirty and full of staring men ogling anything in a bikini.I would also recommend the new Dubai mall, it has one of the largets fish tanks in the world (free) and even if you dont like shopping its bawesome, we also got a cab to the unfinished Burj tower. Another great experiance.	
Aug 27 2008 	The Armpit of the Hotels in Dubai	I had to stay several times on this hotel, because of the company bookings. This place is good if you like foul smell and body odor. It is simply a terrible place to be. The linens are so thin from usage you can through. If you cannot see through, that means that they are dirty. The bars and the other outlets are below average. It looks like you've entered a bad bollywood movie stage.	
Apr 27 2007	Average business hotel	We stayed in this hotel for 1 night and our company arranged it. I asked for the room rate and was quoted $160 per night. This was our first stay in the Dubai Grand. The rooms (including the bathroom) was very clean. No coffee/tea setup in the rooms, bed was very FIRM and even though the bathtub was very large (I was looking forward to a nice steamy bath) I couldn't get the tap water above warm. The staff does have very limited English and the buffet offered for our company group was of poor quality and selection. It is in a location with many restaurants in the vicinity. If I was paying for it I would probably not stay here again.	
Mar 14 2007	If you speak Hindi.....	I HAVE to stay at this hotel. My company pays for it. But if you have any other option....flee.Unless you speak Hindi..then you're going to love it. The DGH has seven bars. All have an Indian theme.Need I say more?	
Feb 2 2007 	Good Hotel friendly staff	This was a stopover on our way to Mauritius. On our first day we arrived a little early at 6 am in the morning. Out room was booked from 12 PM. But the hotel staff cooperated and gave us a room in couple of hours. They even allowed us to have complementary breakfast in the meantime.The food was good, especially in their Punjabi theme restaurant.	
Dec 30 2006 	Most friendly hotel ever	I have stayed in many hotels buut the staff here is what makes your stay a memorable one.Clean rooms and service with a smile	
Dec 8 2006	Uggghhhh....	This place is a complete dump. I suppose I should be a somewhat less harsh -- I mean, they were relatively friendly, and they did have 24-hour room service (with alcohol, thank god). But, let me put it to you this way. In the three nights I stayed there, I never once slept under the covers. I slept completely clothed (jeans and a sweater) above the sheets as I was scared I would contract some form of disease. The entire room was very, very dirty... walls were stained, floor was covered in disgusting stains with globs of god-knows-what, the bedsing had stains (yes, even the pillows), and there were some unidentified things all over the comforter. I slept on my back, hoping I would not move my head so that my cheek would touch the pillow. Also, the other furniture was equally dirty (I never wanted to walk around without socks or shoes).The bathroom was worse. The bath mat looked like somebody walked all over it with dirty shoes, I was scared to touch the toilet, there were hairs from other people everywhere, and there was a big leak in the corner of one of the walls with mold that had been growing for a while. The room was freezing (even with thermostat off), located above the nightclub, and reaked of smoke like a london pub. I work in the travel industry and travel all over the world. I have no problem roughing it... but not here. Not when it could be so much better. Besides, why would you want to stay in an area that is clearly on the other side of the tracks... if you dare... good luck!	
Oct 10 2006 	From Melbourne Australia	I was pretty hesitant with this hotel given the negative reviews here on trip advisor, but staying here proved to be a very pleasant experience.We Stayed at the Dubai Grand Hotel for three days in September 2006. I found that the Hotel was more than adequate for our stay and was inline with a 4 star hotel. All our tours was taken care of by the tour desk operator Alpna. She was great. The rooms are clean. They do take your passports as you check in which isnt a bad thing as I thought because they arranged our Airport transfers on time and they made sure that the passports were safe and not forgotten. They provided a Buffet breakfast for us that was very reasonable. Some Indian fare was also included in the buffet. The fruit drinks were great. I have only one complaint- the make shift coffee shop in the hotel lobby does not allow you to sit in their seats unless you haven't bought anything from them. The cashier during the day didnt have a problem with our family sitting thier, but the rudeness of the night guy was pretty appalling. Thier is hardly any seats in the hotel lobby area just to have a sit. So stay away from the coffee shop plus they are expensive also to have a drink from 20 Dhrs a can. Across the road is a good supermarket- A place to get your cans of drink for around 1 dhrs.	
Mar 1 2006	Great stay	Really helpful, friendly staff. Helped every time we entered and departed the hotel. Yummy breakfast. Large, comfortable room. Not the newest building in Dubai but well kept. Helped us organise our trips. New Zealand.	
Jan 3 2006 	Definetly NOT four star quality	I had a 10 hour layover in Dubai. Wanting to get some rest in a comfortable setting, I decided to venture out of the airport and check into a hotel.I went through a Dubai International Airport hotel reservation counter which was located just past the passport control. The person behind the counter recommended the Dubai Grand Hotel and said it had a four star rating. He also told me the taxi was only going to cost me $10. He forgot to tell me that it would be that much only if I got an HONEST taxi, but that is a different story.After I agreed to the rate ($119), I started looking behind the counter at the advertized hotels. I couldnt find the Dubai Grand Hotel listed anywhere. There were hotels listed by star rating off to the right. No Grand Hotel. That should have been my second clue. As the &quot;reservationist&quot; was helping me, I mentioned this fact and asked him if the Dubai Grand Hotel was truly a four star hotel. He assured that it was. I also asked if they had internet capability in the rooms. He also said yes. I paid for the room and went on to get ripped off by the taxi. The taxi took the LONG way to the hotel and made a $10 trip into a $15 trip. When I got to the hotel, I told the front desk that I thought I was being ovrecharged by the taxi that had brought me. They sent a bell boy outside to talk to him. He at least stopped the taxi driver from taking me for $20 using his exchange rate, but did nothing about the inflated meter reading. The bell boy suggested that I get Dirhams (local currency) from the front desk.I only had large denominations, but I asked the front desk to only give me $20 worth of Dirhams and the rest US. They promptly exchanged the entire $50 amount at their inflated exchange rate and completely ignored my request.After being checked in, they insisted on keeping my passport until I checked out. This is something that I never have been asked for in all of the international hotels that I have been to (upwards of 20). If anything, a photocopy of my passport has been taken, but never the original. I dont advise anyone to agree to that. I did because I was tired and didnt want to argue anymore after the taxi ordeal.Once I was outside my room, I noticed that about three doors down, one of the hotel staff was entering a room with a key and saying out loud, &quot;Housekeeping&quot; as he entered. I checked into my room at 4 AM local time. What the heck is a hotel staffer doing going into a guests room at 4AM?? He had no towels, no, roll-away bed, no luggage, nothing..... I'll let you decide.Once inside the room, I put the &quot;Do Not Disturb&quot; sign out, deadbolted the door and immediately noted that I was NOT in a four or even three star hotel. The carpet was stained and worn. The wallpaper was stained and peeling. The &quot;brass&quot; light fixtures were worn and rusted. The room had that peculiar Indian from India smell to it. (You know the one I'm talking about). All and all, The room was of a cheap motel quality. The &quot;mini-bar&quot; consisted of a mini-refrigerator with a 4 cans of soda, 2 bottles of water and a crumpled juice box. The bathroom was appointed with VERY cheap ammenities and decor. The bathroom floor was dirty. The personal lotion bottle that was included in the comfort section of ammenities had been previously opened and used (about 1/4 of it was gone).Having been in worse hotels, I decided to make the best of it. The water in the shower would not get hotter than warm and the in room thermostat did not regulate a thing. I froze my butt off and I had just come in from having spent two weeks in the Korean winter! The tv remote didnt work and the internet access was dial up. I had to unplug the phone to use the internet at a per hour rate.This hotel was definitely NOT four star. It was more or a two star and that is being generous. I do not recommend the stay at any price above $19.99 a night.I felt compelled to write this review after seeing that somebody gave this place a four star rating. Must have been a hotel staffer that went in one of the guest rooms at 4AM and used the internet on their dime.	
Dec 19 2005	Perfectly fine 4 star with great service	I stayed at the Dubai Grand for one night in transit, and it is what it professes to be, a 4 star hotel. The decor in the rooms is more London B &amp; B than Dubai modern, but the rooms were very comfortable. The staff were very helpful with tourist and banking information, and let you know the approximate time and cost of taxi journeys.The Dubai Grand is very close to Terminal 2, and about a $US10 taxi to Terminal 1.	
Dec 4 2005 	Never again!	I stayed there for four nights. For professional reasons I spend some 100 nights per year in hotels all over the world. I have been to other hotels in Dubai before. I would not call Dubai a benchmark for outstanding service, neither for good prices. But even in comparison with that this place is horrible. Dirty old carpet in the room, stains on chairs and sofa. The balcony dirty and dusty. You would not want to touch anything, let alone sit down. The way you are treated by receptionists gives the impression that they assume you constantly want to betray them. Not a single smile, not a single friendly word, no Hello, no Goodbye, not even after checking out. You seem to be disturbing them all the time. Do them a favour and leave them alone!	
Aug 13 2005	Avoid even if it's free!	My partner and I stayed 5 nights at the Dubai Grand Hotel and we have regularly travelled all around Europe prior to this trip and stayed in many hotels but without doubt this is the worst hotel we have stayed in. Service was poor. Staff tried to rip us off when we asked about booking the Dune Safari. We were told that we could not to sit in the lobby area as we were not buying anything.The double room that we were given was located on the 2nd floor directly above a disco, with loud blazing music that went on until 3pm, resulting in five restless nights. The water from the taps was not hot, just barley warm thus we could not take an adequate bath or shower.I spoke to one of your staff members regarding the noise and water the first day, where I was assured that the situation will be resolved, and that I will be given another room on the top floor. From that first day till the night before the last day yet again I went back to the reception with the same problems but the matters were not resolved.Also we visited one of the clubs in the hotel called ‘Shama’ despite the fact that we were not aware of what kind of club this was until after ordering our drinks we were charged a ridiculous amount of 50 dirham for two glasses of coke and we only stayed there for 15 minutes and despite writing a letter of complaint with the above points to the management, they basically offered no form of apology or compensation.You have been warned.	
