Sep 20 2009 	Excellent	Excellent food, very comfortable, friendly staff, I absolutely loved it &amp; would recommend it to anyone going to Dubai.	
Jul 30 2009 	friendly and courteous	our stay in the hotel was vey pleasant,it was in front of burj tower.Taxis were arranged to pick us up from the hotel.wonderful breakfast.nice location.courteous and friendly staff.able to accommodate our needs.vey nice location to go different places.very quiet even it is in the middle of the busy road.we used the pool and fitness center.very clean.	
Apr 28 2009 	New Facilities and Excellent Service	This is a new hotel just outside of the downtown stretch of super sky scrapers. The location is not ideal -- its not bad either, actually -- but the rooms are spacious. With a $200 rate we ended up in a suite with a kitchenette, which would have been ideal except that we were only staying one night. The breakfast buffet (included) was tasty and diverse without being overwhelming. Just enough hot foods and plenty of pastries/cereal/fruit.The staff at this hotel were exceptionally helpful. Bryan at the reception assisted with reserving a rental car even when the task was complicated by the fact that we wanted to take the car out of the UAE to Oman. Later, when we came back to town and were waiting for our flight, the hotel staff graciously held our bags and offered assistance with directions to Jumeriah beach 1 (10 minutes away in a cab). Later, at the rooftop pool, their pool staff offered complimentary juice and fruit -- a refreshing pre-flight snack.	
Apr 11 2009 	PEACEFUL spacious 	If you are looking for a suite without the bling, then this is a great place to stay. Large lounge with tasteful furniture and decor, open-plan kitchen, good sized bedroom with plenty of storage and very comfy king-size bed and great en-suite bathroom with walk-in shower. There is also a separate guest WC off the main living space. The breakfast room/restaurant is peaceful with a comprehensive buffet. The rooftop pool is lovely, the hotel generally very quiet but with wonderful views of the city from the roof which you don't get if you are right in amongst it downtown. The service is friendly, but low-key and there is also a good gym and internet access. The only drawback with this hotel is that it is completely dry and there is no bar area (probably a blessing if you have been over-indulging in Dubai's hedonistic delights). There is however a fridge in your room, so you can make your own entertainment if necessary. We would definitely stay here again, though Iike most things in UAE it is pretty tricky to find under your own steam!	
Mar 31 2009 	Excellent Value for Money!	For starters there is no way this anything less than a 4* property.Everything is clean, amenities are new and furniture, decoration etc. are all very classy and comfortable. Check in staff were extremely helpful, and reception was great overall.The only complaint is not so much the location, but rather the detour you need to make from one side of Sheikh Zayed Road, through Dubai Mall. If you're driving, this can get very confusing and may take a while to get you back on track, but with a taxi who knows where he's headed, the whole detour adds not more than 15 min, and that's in the middle of rush hour.Otherwise, location is perfectly close to everything - not more than a 30-50 AED taxi ride everywhere.Both the kitchenette in the regular rooms and suites are clean and useful, and the supermarket next door is very helpful.Still, food at the hotel is very delicious and not too expensive either. 24hr room service is great.The hotel is not very active or busy, which I personally preferred, and there are regular meetings and conferences. It's not a place to hang out for hours, but definetly a great hotel for sleeping, eating, resting etc.Also there is a parking garage underneath the hotel which is easily accesible from the main road.Overall highly recc. it!	
Mar 16 2009 	fantastic place	I have selected villa rotana from the fantastic reviews i have read in the trip advisor.I visited dubai with my husband and my baby 7 months age,we really enjoyed our stay in this nice place .first the location is fantastic its in one of the most important roads in dubai it shiekh zaid street,also ther is a super market and cafeteria behind the hotel and next to the hotel ther is dunkin donats and basken robins and for a walk for 500 meters there is mazaya mall which has a huge supermarket called safestway and spinnys.we got a wonderfull welcoming from th friendly receptionists,they welcomed us and they gave me the card of the room for me and my baby to have rest untill my husband make the check in,and I aske for a baby cot for my baby and with in 5 minutes the houskeeper knocked my room carrying a colorfull baby cot for my baby.the room was beautifull with a very clean bathroom,tidy bed ,nice LCdDscreen TVand a clean small american kitchen with nice facilities where you have a kettle for boiling water and you have a complimintary bottle of water with tea and coffe packets also you have a toaster and iron and iron table included in the room.the dinning area in the hotel where you take your break fast is really elegant.the swimmig pool is on the top of the hotel building where you can see dubai with a nice view.after I checked out I remembered that i forgot my camera cable in the drawer of the room ,I called the reception and asked them for it,they found it and they kept it for me in the reception to take it backe.I have stayed in Dubai for 4 days but really i enjoyed may stay in villa rotana,and i advise any family with a baby coming to dubai to stay in this hotel as its quite,wonderful location ,good price and frtiendly and kind staff.thanks alot for all the staff.	
Mar 10 2009 	Undoubtedly the BESTvalue for money!!!	I booked Villa Rotana after seeing the good reviews on TripAdvisor and really was amazed at the fantastic place at such a price. I booked thru one of the well known sites and got an unbelievable deal on the double suite ---- paid about 700 USD for a 4 day stay with breakfast!!!! I was later told that the rack rate of the hotel is the same but FOR ONE DAY!!!! The location is great, the room service is top class, the food quality is fantastic and good value too!!! one night i placed an order at 3 am, which was promptly delivered and prepared very well too.To cut a long story short if you get it at the price I did, then even Burj may not be such a good choice unless you get it complimentary ;)) I think there is another reviewer who said something similar -- and completely agree with him/her	
Feb 25 2009 	Perfect Location Perfect Facilities	I could have never asked for more. My spouse actually did some ‘research’ to find the best hotel with the right price for the four of us (2 adults and 2 small kids) and the reviews in TripAdvisor made us choose this hotel. We made the right decision. This hotel was just perfect for us. I wish we could have stayed longer than the 3 nights. It is a beautiful hotel indeed. The architectural is a combination of both the contemporary and classic designs. I loved the lighting effects on the external facade at night.It is located along the Sheikh Zayed road. Not once did I have any problems with the taxi drivers to find it. The main thoroughfare is Sheikh Zayed road (a 6-lane highway to the uninitiated). This hotel and some others are actually located along the inner road of this highway and taxis are zooming along this inner road every other minute as I can recall. Stayed there for 3 nights and never once waited any longer than 2 minutes to wave down a taxi. All the taxis are metered. Cost us about Dhs13 to go to Dubai Mall. On our last day going to the airport it cost us about Dhs30. The hotel has a private transportation and the hotel bellman offered us the MPV at Dhs80 but we thought it was quite on a high side since when we first arrived, the rate from the airport to the hotel was only Dhs50; and that was an MPV too.We arrived slightly later than 2 pm at the hotel and our room was not ready. The hotel staff told us that since we requested for a non-smoking room, they needed to housekeep a suitable one for us. I made my booking with one of the popular travel websites online. We were given a room facing the back (so I could not give any feedback of the often-quoted ‘noise’ from the busy Sheikh Zayed road). We were offered complimentary orange juices while waiting for our room to be ready, which I really appreciated.The room was just to my liking, minimalist decor with the main wall remained not plastered (blocks). We stayed in a classic suite which has a kitchenette, bedroom, bathroom and living area. There is a large flat screen TV and the beautiful red reclining sofa you see on their website. The white sofa in the living area is just as comfortable. There is another small bathroom in the living room so you don’t need to rush to the main bathroom while enjoying your meal or watching TV. The two bathrooms really helped us especially when there are 2 small kids around. There is also another TV in the bedroom.The kitchenette has all the utensils, pots, pans and the complimentary tea/coffee making facilities. My spouse actually managed to prepare some sandwiches and toast. A toaster and microwave were available. There was a washing/dryer machine with a complimentary detergent. In short, everything that you would ever need in a furnished apartment was there. The bathroom was nice, slightly narrow for 2 persons to pass but not too much of concerns.The café opens up all the way to the roof and makes it feel large. Breakfast for my spouse and I was included in our package. The kids ate for free. They had a wide continental selection of dishes to choose from. You could get your groceries nearby. There is a mini market at the back of the hotel next to a mosque. I never had to venture there to buy things but I would assume you could get any basic amenities and food supplies there. The store looks quite decent from our room. Our room faces the back parking spaces. It was always a treat for the kids to see the double-coach bus plying the street quite on a regular schedule. At one time, we even thought about taking the bus trip but it never materialized.Next to the hotel are Dunkin Donuts and Coffee Beans (or was it Starbucks) in case you need to satisfy your cravings. A little further walk is Mazaya complex, which I think is a shopping complex although not as huge as Dubai Mall or the Emirates Mall.On the rooftop is a beautiful outdoor swimming pool. I was told that the pool was temperature-controlled. We went there just to snap some photos. I did not have chance to swim there as we were always out and around checking Dubai city. In case you need to sweat it out, there is also a gym.If you are really looking for a good place to stay with all the amenities and the right location, this is the perfect hotel. For the price that I paid, I could have never asked for more. The Burj Dubai is clearly visible from the main entrance (the fact is, it is practically visible from everywhere) but you could get the whole view to the top from here for that photo-op. For a closer view of this majestic tower, take a trip to Dubai Mall and check out one of the wings that takes you out to a breathtaking view of it.	
Nov 17 2008 	What a Hotel!	Very good hotel, we got upgraded to a suite from a studio and were very surprised with the immense size of the place. Large Plasma TV in the living room/kitchen with minimalist décor trimmings. The bedroom was very large with plenty of storage and a large amount of effort had been put into the lighting plan. The bathroom was excellent and the only thing missing was a hair dryer which was strange. Extremely good value, booked through booking.com. I would definitely recommend and challenge anyone to find a better hotel at this price in Dubai.	
Aug 12 2008	Blissfull contemporary artistic loft feel...	After drab over priced dispiriting plastic box spaces, it's a joy to find a modern hotel with a twist. This has got to be one of the hidden gems of Dubai. If you like minimalism, exposed brick, halogen uplighting, hard surfaces without all the fluff, this is you kinda place. Suitable for all creative types, designers and artists. Massive plasma TV, cool hot red lounger, magazines and good working desk. Hard wired net connection is a little slow, and wifi was patchy in the lobby, but bound to be sorted. I was give an upgrade to a 1 bedroom unit at no extra charge. Staff were very friendly. Roof top pool is real nice too, with a great view out over the suburbs. And on the other side, you're in the shadow of the mighty Burj, tallest building on the world.Stay here if you want to be near downtown...and want some peace and quiet.This is the middle of summer, and bargin options abound.	
Jul 3 2008 	Quiet and Lovely	This hotel is off the beaten path with not such a great view but the rooms are luxurious and comfortable. The lobby is interesting with pebbles beneath a glass floor. The pool is on the roof and very warm. Hard to cool off here. The breakfast was great. Really enjoyed this hotel. Not too much else to say about it.	
Jun 19 2008 	Great room service	We stayed in Dubai for a three night stopover on our way back from Australia on route to Glasgow. I searched for days on the internet for a hotel that would sleep all of us (our two children were aged 2 and 1) for a reasonable price. I thought I must be reading the rate of the Villa Rotana Suites incorrectly as it was so reasonable, and the one bedroom suite suited our needs perfectly. I organised with the hotel for a car to collect us from the airport - it was easy and luxurious and not too expensive. We arrived at the hotel at 7 in the morning and I was fully expecting to have to wait until lunch time to check in, but after some breakfast at about 8.30am, we were in our suite which was modern and very large. We used roomservice twice every night - once for the kids and then after they were asleep, for ourselves. It was ridiculously cheap. The kids meals were £2.50 with portions so generous the kids shared one meal. Our dinner was about £8.00 each for a main course. It seemed to be the same menu and the same price as dining in the restaurant downstairs. The quality was excellent as was the service.On the first night I woke up at about 3am and thought &quot;What's that noise&quot;? only to discover that our wall to ceiling windows looked out over a huge foundation hole and the bulldozers were going full at it. They worked 8pm till 5am and did nothing in the day which is why I hadn't noticed. To be honest, the noise was minimal with our triple glazing and it had not woken me up - that was jetlag. Our 2 year old boy thought he was in heaven.We made good use of the rooftop pool as the weather was perfect at about 30c and the lifeguard was very attentive when we were in with our children. We were able to have roomservice by the pool.The location of the hotel is not so central as it is in the business district, but once the new metro is running it will be easy to get everywhere. There were lots of business guests and I felt a little self conscious with my noisy babies, but the staff were nothing but friendly and helpful.	
Mar 24 2008 	Nice hotel	Having returned from a recent visit in Dubai after staying in the Villa Rotana Suites. I have mixed reviews on this hotel.....Majority of the staff were really friendly and very helpful but I have to say that there were one or two that appeared bothered when asking questions. We also had one member of staff approach us each day to try and sell different excursions which became quite annoying. The hotel itself is very nice and the rooms were immaculate and cleaned each day, pool area is very quiet as this is more of a business hotel. The breakfast buffet is very nice and the choice is great. The food from the room service is also very nice. The hotel is a short taxi ride away from most things. The public beach is about 10 mins in a taxi. The hotel does not seem to be very well known and I experienced a few occasions of taxi drivers not knowing where to go and as a tourist could not give them directions!Overall it was a good stay.	
Jan 12 2008 	Big Bang for Your Buck!	My fiance and I stayed here in Nov of 2007 for a quick trip to Dubai. We were in the executive suite. And in my opinion you cannot beat the price for the location and amenities. There are resorts on the &quot;beach&quot; but lets get real... who thinks the Persian Gulf is pretty? haha... I dont. So it wasnt about the beach. If you want to see a Beach go to Tulum Mexico, or Bora Bora. The staff was VERY VERY pleasent and helpful. They let us check in early with no hassle and the bell hop was such a great guide. He gave us a great tips and let us onto a great safari tour. It was an awesome trip for what we spent. The food was VERY good and it came so very promt. I recomend the hummus and kabobs! Traditional Meia as it is called (or something like that) You WONT be dissapointed. I travel to some VERY spendy resorts world wide and I could not have been happier with the service and attitude and atmosphere of this Hotel. They have a very catchy design to the very modern building. It is amazing and they can be very proud of what they have. It is in an awesome location in terms of its near most everything. The Ski Dubai Mall was cool, and you will be AMAZED at the growth of Sheik Zayhed Road! It is like out of a movie. I hope you enjoy your stay there. We did! I Recomend the Executive suite it has a kitchen and laundry room to do your own laundry! See ya!	
Sep 12 2007 	Exceptional Value and Great Service - Highly Recommend	My boyfriend and I have just returned from our 5th trip to Dubai and know our way around extremely well. Having paid £610 for 10 nights for both of us including breakfast we were highly excited when we arrived outside the hotel. Its very modern and high tech and the staff were fantastic . They were the first to run out to get us taxis as they said it was too hot for us to flag them outside the hotel. The room was immaculate with good kitchen facilities which we didn't use apart from the kettle and the fridge to store cold drinks and make tea. If you like to make use of a gym and pool then it couldn't be better and it was very quiet. You could go from the sun lounger, step into the pool and then into the shower, then into the changing areas to visit the jacuzzi, steam room or sauna all within a few steps. Amazing value and we were made to feel really welcome. Bed sheets were changed daily and towels twice daily!!! What four star in the UK could offer service like this. I actually couldn't believe breakfast was included in our deal! Definitely would stay again, More suited to those perhaps who dont mind not being near a beach! I read a previous request and would ensure to ask when you book for a side or internal facing room not looking out onto Sheik Zayed Road if poss! We had a side facing room on the second floor and heard absolutely no noise at all from outside. Those who have moaned previously must have either paid significantly more or must be really picky!!! All staff could not do more to help you. They even gave me directions for a brand new outlet mall just opened and spoke to our Taxi driver to ensure we got there. Would definitely return to this hotel! Exceptional value for money. Great lunch up on the pool deck too with the quality of great restaurant and only about £4-£5. Only 15 mins from the airport too but near enough the gold souk, karama, mall of the emirates and the madinat Souk........only abot 30-40 dirhams for a taxi round about and very central.	
Aug 24 2007	Can do better!	Nice hotel, well located on Sheikh Zayed road close to the beach and big malls.Spacious rooms and good buffet breakfast.Customer service at the hotel was bad until I complained .We asked to speak to the manager as we were given the wrong room and was asked to put up with incessant drilling noise from an adjoining room.It is a pity that a nice hotel is let down by staff who expect paying customers to put up with whatever is dished out to them just because they are fully booked.	
Jun 14 2007 	Very nice hotel	Stayed here last week as part of a business trip.The rooms are very pleasant and quite spacious (I had a twin bedded suite on my own). Flat screen TV's in both the lounge and bedroom, with a well fitted kitchenette including large fridge / freezer.I had a front facing room on the second floor (behind the glazed curtain walling facade) and didn't hear the traffic once.Excellent rooftop keep-fit facility, including swimming pool (not huge but great for an early evening cool down).Free wi-fi in the lobby worked very well and paid access is available in your room if you need a little privacy.The hotel is a little way from the tourist attractions but taxis are cheap and readily available. Would stay here again without any hesitation.	
Mar 1 2007 	Fantastic hotel!	This is a fantastic, beautiful hotel. Worth MUCH more than its 3* rating. We stayed here for 10 nights when we first arrived in Dubai and cannot fault it at all. We got upgraded to a 1br suite when we arrived. The rooms are very modern, roomy, clean and always well presented. Good buffet breakfast. Good gym and rooftop swimming pool (nice views too). Free wireless internet in the dining centre downstairs. Fantastic, friendly service. Feels very intimate and the staff will know you by name if you stay long enough. Location is good if you want to be amongst the hustle and bustle of Sheikh Zayed Road. There is a small shopping centre in walking distance with a few small restaurants, but a cab is easy to get to other places like Mall of Emirates, Madinat Jumeirah, the beaches etc. I highly recommend this hotel to any business or leisure traveller, a really good alternative to those who don't want to pay the exorbitant prices at the other 4* &amp; 5* hotels.	
Feb 16 2007	A wonderful stay	Just came back from a one-week trip to Dubai with my fiance and we stayed at the Villa Rotana Suites. This place really rocks. Although not set on the beach front, the hotel does easily live up to the expectations of even the most discerning traveller. The hotel boasts a white marbled entrance area, modern light furniture, a spacious gym with separate sauna, steam and jacuzzi and a really nice roof terrace pool with comfortable loungers. The service staff are friendly and wonderfully attentive and would go out of their way to help you. The rooms are modern, spacious and finished to very high standards including a plasma screen, Grohe fittings and Villeroy and Boch sanitary ware. We were served a sumptuous and delicious breakfast every day and also had afternoon tea for a mere 22 Dirhams pp!!! The location is brilliant as well, actually, because you are well within short driving distance to most tourist atttractions, including the Emirates mall, Jumeirah beach and the city centre. This place is a hidden gem and I will not just highly recommend it to anyone but also am very happy to return and stay there again.	
Jan 31 2007	Value for money and good modern spacious living!	This is a new hotel on the Sheikh Zayed Road. It is not on the beach but booked through Opodo it was about a third of th eprice of the Royal Mirage. You have a kitchen area and a large modern room with high quality fittings. there is a rooftop pool and a gymnasium with sauna, steambath and jacuzzi separately for men and women in their respective changing rooms. Buffet breakfast was reasonable and included in an Atrium restaurant on the ground floor. But beware the hotel does not serve alcohol so you will need to visit the Alamo, the Red Lion or Fibber McGees for a drink or bring your own back to the room. Choose a room at the back of th ehotel as you can just hear the hum of the traffic at the front of the hotel.	
Jan 19 2007 	Good value clean new hotel	We went to dubai for a week and found this hotel to be very nice. Good clean rooms well kept lobby and efficiant staff always available. Location not great but always a taxi driving by. Well reccomended.	
Jan 15 2007 	Good Value for Money	This hotel is good particularly for a business visit as it is quite distant from the main attractions but it is almost 15 min by taxi from Mall of Emirates, and Deira City on the opposite site. It is close to the Mazaya Centre. The good point is taxi fares are cheap and it is a fact that no where is within walking distance. The hotel is far from the Dubai Creek or the beaches. The facility is very satisfactory, service and housekeeping are perfect. Staff is helpful and carefull and they take immediate action on all requests. There is a fitness room which is well equipped and there is wireless internet access free of charge. There is sufficient variety in breakfast. There is a fitness room which is well equipped and there is wireless internet access free of charge. I liked this hotel and would like to stay again as the price is the most convenient compared to the nearby hotels.	
Oct 22 2006 	Enjoyed the Villa suites	We have recently returned from a stay at Villa Rotana. As it was Ramadan we enjoyed a suite at reduced rates. The suites was very nice with fitted kitchenette with high quality fittings. The bed was very comfortable. Room service needs a bit of work as we ordered and no condiments were sent however they did bring when phoned. They dont seem to have any tomato sauce or mustard though! We were given a room on Shaikh Zayed road and at times could hear the traffic I would ask for a room not fronting this road in future. I think this is because the window of the kitchenette is not glazed as fully as the the rest of the suite.	
Jul 29 2006 	Very surprised it is only 3*!!	I stayed here on business and quite honestly I have not stayed in such a luxurious hotel and I travel a lot! It is not in the greatest location, but it is cheap and easy to get airconditioned taxis so this is not a problem - I took one to the shopping mall which was huge! I was lucky enough to be upgraded and I have a huge living room with an enormous flat screen TV, white leather sofa, kitchen area with fridge &amp; cooking facilities, a chaise longue. There was a separate bathroom off the living room and another bathroom off the bedroom which had another flat screen TV. Very clean, very stylish and reasonable in price.	
May 3 2006	So much more than the 3* rating	Returned from Villa Rotana on 30 May 06. It is definitely more than the 3star listing given on this site. It's a new hotel, only 6 months at this time, there was a bit of work going on but did not cause us any disturbance and hotel has all amenities up and running. Staff are very very friendly and helpful. We even messed up our reservation for the last day but they were very understanding.The suites are very big - we had a King Deluxe Suite. Very modern deco, plasma TV screen, well equipped kitchen, large master bedroom and there was even an extra WC in the suite. There was a complimentary bowl of fruit on arrival and a bottle of water every day. The restaurant is open 24 hours which was great for us since we got back really hungry at 2am on one morning. There isn't a bar, but we're not drinkers so it was nice for us not having to sit or walk through a smoky bar. Very good business centre there also - although we were on a holiday, I had to do some work and they don't limit your time if you're not using the internet or keep annoying you like some other places.It's the first time we've not stayed at a beach resort and have been in the city and we can't recommend the Villa Rotana highly enough.So much more value than booking into a hotel room - we'd give it 5 stars!	
May 31 2009	Definitiv eine Empfehlung wert		
May 26 2008 	excellent		
