	Value for money	The hotel has very good location – 10 minutes walking distance to Dubai Museum and the creek, easy to find taxi. The rooms are clean, the bathroom is almost clean. The hotel is now a new built but the staff takes care to keep it up. The breakfast is OK if you do not expect too much. The restaurant for lunch is not recommended. They keep your passports till your check out. Coffee and tea can be made in the rooms. Welcome bottle of water. The free internet cost 1 dirham per 10 minutes.	
Nov 2 2009 	Good Family Hotel	It was a good experience as the Hotel was situated at the heart of Dubai and from there everything was near the market and the malls and the Breakfast of the Hotel was the USP it was lavish and multi-cuisine type will definitely go there again and stay if get a chance.	
Oct 7 2009 	Good hotel	Good hotel offering value for money. Breakfast was simple but sufficient. Hotel is in a good location. Al Ghubaiba bus station, Carrefour supermarket &amp; Dubai creek are at walkable distances. The neighbourhood has some good Indian restaurants.	
Jul 11 2009 	Not the Burj Al Arab but a safe centrally located hotel suitable for budget minded travellers	I am a single female traveler who stopped over in Dubai for three nights on my way to Rwanda. Being alone my first trip to Dubai, I required an economical hotel in a secure area with easy access to historical sights. I researched several hotels on Trip Advisor and settled on the Admiral Plaza. I had read a few reviews complaining about the establishment but there are always people who are hard to please. I have nothing but compliments for the staff and service. The front desk staff went out of their way to help me. The complimentary shuttle which I ordered for 7:00 a.m. was right on time to take me to the airport. The price, including a breakfast buffet, was very reasonable, around $270 Cad. total for my stay. The breakfast wasn't fancy but there was certainly a lot of variety in the hot and cold food available. The waiters continually cleared tables and replenished dishes. My room was clean and quiet.I enjoy exploring new areas on foot and found the Admiral Plaza a great location. The abras are nearby for those wishing to cross the creek and visit the Gold and Spice Souks. I would highly recommend the nearby Heritage House and adjacent school. On the Burj side itself, the Museum provides an interesting cool respite from the heat - 40 degrees in June.The bus terminal is nearby for those who want to visit Burj Al Arab or the Mall of the Emirates. I also took a Taxi from Burj Al Arab to the Palm and Atlantis.In brief I had a very enjoyable stopover in Dubai. I would certainly stay at The Admiral Plaza on a future visit.	
Jun 4 2009 	Very Affordable	We were a group of 5 adults and 2 kids. The hotel is very affordable and it is value for money. The restaurant food is quite good. The triple bed room was very spacious. Lots of shops are nearby and the taxis are also easily available from the hotel itself.	
Jun 3 2009 	efficient service	stayed at this hotel in may/ june/2008 &amp; found the property conveniently located in Bur Dubai.Found the service crisp &amp; efficient.A very basic property without any frills.Food quality was OK , nothing to write home about.Good value for money if you are on a tight budget.	
May 3 2009 	Value for Money	I had stayed in Admiral Plaza Hotel for business purpose. As my area of interest is Bur Dubai and Deira, the hotel is most conveinently placed.	
Apr 30 2009 	Great experience	Having read previous travellers reviews...i was apprehensive on arrival. But i can honestly say that my experience at the Admiral Plaza Hotel was a great one. Given that i did not spend much time there other than breakfast, bathing and sleeping....my stay was nontheless very pleasant. Service was good- The safe on arrival was not not operational....within 30 mins a tecnician had been sent up to fix it. The staff were also friendly and helpful with directions and advice etc.Location- In a good location...althought tends to get a bit noisy at night. Very close to Meena Bazaar for good eastern shopping. Also within walking distance to the Dubai Museum, the Creek and Burjuman shopping centre.Likes- Breakfast was good; clean bathroomDislikes- passport was taken on arrival	
Dec 10 2008 	The facilities advertised dont work	While the rooms are clean, some of the services provided and advertised are not up to the mark. The Wi Fi refused to work as the signal was too weak and the money paid was wasted. Booking done thru the hotel for a cruise in the creek was a total distaster. Better be careful and check, recheck in detail and confirm that all you pay for works.	
Oct 23 2008 	great position and staff	Admiral Plaza is 3 star and as such I did not have great expectations, so was happy that it more than met our requirements. The rooms were clean and a reasonable size. The position was excellent - near a main road so could always get a taxi readily. The staff, mainly Indian in background and particularly the female receptionist, went out of their way to assist and to communicate in English. It was Ramadan so this was restrictive, however, this hotel was happy to curtain off the restaurant and serve food. The breakfast buffet offered a reasonable selection. A great place to stay for the middle-aged budget traveller.	
Sep 9 2008 	Horrible stay away!! Terrible staff terrible breakfast and the water was Brown!	Do not stay here at any cost. Having been to dubai a number of times before I wanted a hotel near the meena bazar area... Whilst the area is great for indian shoppings stay away from the hotel... on the first night we got there everything seemed to be fine, we were picked from the hotel and the room was basic but clean. The bathroom wasnt great but was not too bad to use. the following morning the breakfast was terrible, fruit out of a tin, toast made hours before left out to get rock hard and a few other dishes all of which were cold.... after a day of sight seeing we got back to the hotel and to our horror on putting the bathroom tap on the water was brown!! on reporting the problem no one came to help so we decided to go back out on our return the problem remained so we asked to see the manager who was a terrible person to talk to.. they moved us into another room after assuring us the other room was fine but it wasnt!! I spent the next 5 hours going from room to room checking the water.. the problem persisted and we left the following morning! Go and stay at the Arabian courtyard its in the same area not too expensive but a much better hotel! Stay away from the admiral plaza if you want to enjoy your time in dubai!	
Jul 16 2008 	Suitable for Stopover	I intentionally booked a 3 star, expecting an average room and service standard. After reading the reviews here I was unsure as to my choice. As it turned out it was fine. The room was more than spacey, a littel outdated perhaps but I wasn't expecting a lavish stay. All that comes with a standard 3 star was offered and presented. A little difficulty in communicating with desk staff, mostly Indian(which for me have always been rude and arrogant). Overall I eventually got through and made a point of them returning my passpaort after a scan. For what I wanted to do it was in a good location, the desert tour I booked was on time, and I was advised by hotel staff that it had arrived. The hotel is fine for a budget traveller and nothing else. No problems with ther guests or noise, in fact I didn't see anyone or didn't see any other guests during their stay. Until it changes since my stay, I would recommend this hotel for a stopover.	
May 28 2008 	Stay away...Far far away	Where do I start with this disaster of an establishment called the Admiral Plaza Hotel. To make things clear I did not pick this hotel. I had some friends already staying there so I decided to meet them for an extended weekend. I was flying in from Kuwait and just wanted a decent place to rest for two nights; what I got was the complete opposite as you will see. I have stayed in Dubai previously a few times and had never encountered such problems with a hotel as this one. The hotel sits on the corner of a busy noisy downtown intersection in Bur Dubai. The outside is cramped and doesn’t have anything to offer the eye or nose for that matter. The exterior aside, what went on inside the hotel is what really turned my stomach. Upon arriving at this dreary hotel I was told that no reservation or &quot;booking&quot; (as they call it) could be found for my stay. Apparently they had not received my Expedia conformation since it was now Friday and the reservation office was closed. The reception workers barely spoke English and seemed all to pleased to inform me of this detail. It was finally explained to me that I would have to wait till Saturday 9:00am to find out if I had a reservation &quot;booked&quot; or not. I explained to them that I had been billed through Expedia already and had no choice. I also feared I would be billed twice, once by Expedia and once by the Admiral hotel. I then told them that I wanted to use their Business Center to print out my Expedia itinerary as proof of &quot;booking&quot; and was told it was conviently closed on that day because it was Friday. They then made me sign a promise of payment which was incredibly high for a one night stay. Let’s just say the rate I obtained from Expedia was ridiculously lower than that rate I had to sign off on. If I didn’t have a reservation come Saturday I would have to leave after only a one night stay, pay the &quot;adjusted higher rate&quot;, and then be forced to find a new hotel on a busy weekend. Nice, just what I needed weighing on my mind as I try to relax and rest. Then something else that completely shocked me occured; I was told I would have to surrender my Passport while staying at the Admiral Hotel. I've traveled to many places and have never encountered such a request. I argued for about 5 minutes until they finally showed a desk drawer with all the guests Passports stuffed in it. They told me they had to scan my Passport and do some kind of check; they were never clear what they were checking and why. By this time I was ready to just bite the cost of the room booked on Expedia and just go to another hotel. But then I thought of my friends staying there and how inconvenient it may be to meet up with them since my cell phone didn’t work in Dubai. At my request I was given a room close to my friends on the third floor. The key they give you looks like a thin dirty plastic square with some old metal on the bottom. Upon entering the room you must place this &quot;dated and filthy&quot; contraption into a wall slot to activate the room’s electricity. The room was stifling hot since the key activates the electricity when you enter the room which in turn activates the A/C. It was 39 degrees that day and humid in Dubai so you know what I'm talking about. Also, every time you leave you must remove the key from the slot so you never return to a cool comfortable room since the electricity turns off automatically. The room itself was dark and smelled of a potent chemical cleaner all the time; downright depressing. I can honestly say the bed was the most uncomfortable thing I ever tried to sleep on. The pillows were so thin it was if they had been used a million times over. The TV faces across from where it sits towards the side window; not the bed where you are trying to watch from. The walls are very thin; you could here everything that was going on the floor I was staying. I promised myself I would not spend anymore time than needed in that room. Overall the room was barely 2 star in quality, functionality, and appearance. Upon waking up Saturday morning I had a message from the front desk asking when I was going to check out. It was 8am and let’s just say I was not happy about this message so early in the morning. As I explained I had previously booked a two night stay and still hadn’t had the chance to prove I had a valid itinerary since the Business Center was closed the prior day. I had to get out of bed early so I could go to the Business Center to print out my proof of booking and purchase of a two night stay. After doing so I was told by the front desk that I'd have to wait a while longer for their conformation since the &quot;booking&quot; office didn’t open till 9am. Finally sometime after 9am the issue was resolved and I was told I would receive my quoted rate from Expedia and could stay another night. To say the hotel experience at the Admiral was frustrating and stressful would be a vast vast understatement. I couldn’t wait to leave the hotel and get back to the comfort of my own apartment in Kuwait. I normally don’t give many hotel reviews (this is my first negative one) but I felt extremely compelled to tell others about my horrible experience at the Admiral. May other be warned; if you get a bad feeling about a hotel find another option. Dubai just has too many good hotels to be forced into booking a hotel like this one.	
May 19 2008 	a wrongly advertised hotel	The hotel advertises itself as having a minibar (true but only stocked with water), an English pub but now closed, a restuarant but now closed and a cafe which served the worst dinner we've ever had. It also claims a pool (closed) and a gym (closed) and handy access to shops etc which is not true. The service was not up to normal standards apart from the bell hop. There was no information that might have been of use to tourists.There is no way that I would recommend this place.	
Apr 28 2008 	This place is fine really	I am finding it hard to reconcile some of the comments offered by others with my direct experience. OK, so there may be bigger rooms, but I have also had smaller. The room was clean, the bed was big and comfy and all the electrical items, hot water, AC etc workedStaff were friendly, responsive but not intrusive, and breakfast gave a good range of options for various nationals. Location is good for the Burjuman shopping centre (15 minute walk or a cheap taxi) and the creek (10 minute walk)I saw a comment suggesting that the place was somehow crawling with pushy prostitutes. This is the comment I find hardest of all to reconcile. The hotel is in a good area (not that there are any seedy areas in Dubai, anyway) and I can honestly say I only saw one lady who MAY have been a prostitute on my entire visit to Dubai - and she was sauntering alongside the creek - there was nothing at all like this in the hotel, the lobby was always clean, friendly and relaxedNow my stay was sponsored by my employers, so I don't know what people have paid to stay here, so it may be possible that a better room may be had for the rate. Maybe people do think better deals are to be had, I don't know, but this hotel is certainly no hell hole as has been suggested. Its not a 7 star hotel, or even a 5 star hotel, but by US standards (not developing world standards) it is certainly at least a 3 star hotel	
Apr 22 2008 	better than an average hotel	this hotel is smaller than the other hotels i have stayed in but it was clean and the staff was accomodating.breakfast was real good having variety. we were 3 doctors and stayed there for 4 days for a conference in dubai.we were given a triplet room. it was spacious .bathroom was with bathtub.clean environment.overall good stay and it was cheap too.	
Apr 15 2008 	not worth the money	When we arrived we were told we're lucky to have such a nice room and all...what they described to be ''nice'' turned out to be VERY small for 2 people, but that's not the worst - the bathroom is small, smelly and has green and blue stains on it's walls which makes it a real pleasure to take showers. *yuck* And then there is the bed... the sheets were not changed for 3 days and the blankets were itchy and too thin for the air condition, speaking of which: the air condition is damn noisy, goes on and off all night, the cold air hits your face directly. So we woke up with a blocked nose. Don't get me started on the pool - we didn't even bother swimming in it. So you're sitting in this hotel - spending your time outside or watching movies on a miniature TV and ordering from their restaurant which I don't recommend. Overall the hotel is badly organized, not worth the money and the atmosphere is suffocating - definitely killed our holiday. Thank you.	
Apr 6 2008 	Hotel not as described	DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL unless you are happy to do nothing but watch TV!. Staying at this hotel ruined our holiday to Dubai. We booked to stay for a week having been tempted by the hotel website showing pool facilities, jacuzzi and a bar.Upon arrival we were shown to our room which for two people was VERY small. There was no room to relax apart from one small chair. The fridge did not work and the view out over the back of flats was grotty. After two requests someone did come and change the fuse and the fridge did eventaully work. However, the hotel described 'mini bar facilities' (there were none).When we enquired about the pool we were shown down a dark corridor to a locked door. The pool looked about half full and we were told someone would have to come and unlock the door if we wanted to use it. The final straw was that when we asked where the bar was so we could chill out over a glass of wine, we were told it had shut down (it's still advertised within the hotel). Remember the only place you can buy alcolhol in Dubai is in hotels!The only good thing we can say is that the hotel was clean and our rooms were tidied daily.Over all it is cheap in comparison with other Dubai hotels but spend a bit more and check out this website in more detail than we did - it will be well worth it!!!	
Mar 15 2008 	Good Cheap Hotel	I booked my stay at the Admiral Plaza through Emirates Stopover Package. I chose it based on location and 24 hour check in provided. The hotel is in a great location in Bur Dubai (only a 5 min walk to the Creek) and it is easy to catch a taxi from a large street only 100 ft from the door of the lobby. The rooms are very basic but everything was clean and fairly well kept. Here is a hint for US travellers, if you can't make the electricity work when you get into the room, look for a small box on the wall. Slide your key into it and all of the electricity in the room begins to work again. Took me a couple of calls to the lobby but we finally figured it out :) If you book with Emirates breakfast is included in the price and it is actually a pretty nice spread. Lots of fresh fruit, yogurt, cheeses, cereal, and even some hot items. I have seen several notes on here about the long wait at check in and out but we must have hit the down times because I was never at the front desk for more than 3 min. And they were very helpful with exchanging some money and even giving advice where to go to get a better exchange rate. All in all a good experience and better than I expected given some of the reviews on here and the cheap (for Dubai) price. And after a 12 hour flight from New York 24 hour check in was a lifesaver.	
Mar 2 2008 	No atmosphere	I have just returned from staying at the Admiral plaza in Dubai, the hotel is ok for a 3*, however I did encounter problems with the water, I arrived &amp; wanted to shower the water was brown, after 3 days of them trying to get the problem rectified I was moved to another room, yipee a bath that although was very tired I actualy felt clean!! The hotel bathrooms do leave alot to be desired. Some of the hotel staff were very nice, some I felt looked down a little on me travelling without a male I feel. The hotel website is also misleading it states that their is a bar, they do not sell and alcholic beverages at all, the hotel was empty every evening, for me personally I do not feel the need to go out every evening, it would have been nice after a busy day just to chill in the hotel with a glass of wine. The hotel also states that there are free beach transfers, this also was not provided. Be warned the noise from the traffic is quite bad.The upside of this hotel were the people I met there, being outgoing I will introduce myself.Things to do, the Dune safari was good fun (When they eventually picked us up, they are always late), the trip was around £30, for us this trip was great as I was met up with my sister, her husband, Ceilia &amp; Mark from South Africa that we met in the hotel who were really lovely genuine peope. I also ate in several nice places, my favorite being Spice Island (renaisance hotel) in Deira, its a 5* hotel with food &amp; drink to match, all you can eat &amp; drink for around £27, food galore &amp; excellent quality.We went on the dow cruise which was also very nice.We did several Malls, the biggest being the Emerites Mall, I personally didnt buy much as the prices were the same as in the UK, they have a ski centre there which my son loved. Be warned though do not leave at 5pm like I did as the traffic is terrible, try to avoid travelling between 5 and 8pm.Taxi's are cheapWell enjoy Dubai, feel free to e-mail me for any other questions you may have.	
Jan 6 2008 	xmas and new years	We stayed at this hotel for xmas and new years, Airport pick up was not there , so paid for my own on complaining to reception one of the clerks said the driver is at the airport which was not true......, so let it be, initial room small b ut requested and got another one..., overrall if any problems and we called there was someone sent promptly to try and sort out the problems, clean rooms, no loud music and bars as they have been closed , but nearby astoria there if u want any of that...Great plus was the location..............negative was the receptionist, who is stubborn and does not want to listen if you ask him to reimburse for things the hotel should have provided..........	
Nov 13 2007	Admiral Plaza Hotel - OK for stopover	Stayed here for just one night stopover. Big bonus is their airport pickup and drop-off. We were late landing, and the queues at immigration were horrendous, but the man was still there waiting for us! He was also friendly and talkative, which is a bonus in Dubai! The hotel is just average - ok if you book when it is being offered as a last minute cheap deal. The room was nothing special, but not terrible. It was clean and the shower and toilet both worked and were reasonable. Hotel rooms don't come cheap in Dubai and we have experienced both better and worse hotels in Dubai for around the same price as this one. Didn't go anywhere and so am unsure how well it is positioned for sightseeing.	
Oct 11 2007 	cool	spacious room, cool compared to the searing heat outside negatives- dodgy view of sigletted hairy men on their balconies, dodgy area, strange food for breakfast, no food available during the day anywhere	
Oct 2 2007 	not as bad as everyone made out	Stayed one night in Sep recently. Contacted the hotel via email asking to be picked up from airport via their free shuttle service.Became worried when they werent there immediately after getting out of the airport but after waiting there 10 mins a very friendly driver picked me up and took me to the hotel. Very chatty which was a relief as i had heard staff at hotel were cold.Was booked in promptly again friendly reception staff (all male). Room was very small but as i was only staying one nite this wasnt a problem. Only main concern was them taking our passports for the night and when i checked out next morning and asked for it they were all just lying on the desk in plain reach of anyone. Not locked up anywhere.Used courtesy shuttle bus back to airport which was an hour late so was lucky we had plenty of time before our flight.	
Jan 31 2007	I've been to worse	This hotel was booked for us by a family friend, we wanted a cheap hotel that could accommodate the four us, and this is what we got.Although I have previously stayed in amazing hotels, in my opinion, a hotel is just a hotel, it's a place to sleep, spending the whole day or night in the hotel is something that can be done in your country of residence at a cheaper cost. We were given the Quad, it was very grey and ugly looking, we were not impressed, but we put up with it. It all started when the music started, the bass was thumping that we couldnt sleep. When we complained, we were advised that this was the nightclub and it stops at around midnight. In fairness to the person we spoke to, it did stop around midnight. The next day however, we made a complaint and asked to change rooms. We were moved that day and this room was MUCH better. Not only was it not grey, it had space and looked cleaner. At night we could not hear the music, so we were fine. Like I said, I've been to worse, if you are planning on going out and around Dubai, like we did, it's fine as a place to sleep. We found the staff to be very friendly, the porter that moved our bags into the new room, was very helpful. The biggest letdown in this hotel, was the prostitutes. There are too many and they do not care if the mans wife is sat next to her, they will still try it.	
Dec 9 2006 	Better than we expected after reading previous reviews	My wife and I stayed here for 3 days in early November. We booked through a travel agent, but selected the hotel for its location after looking on the internet, despite reading many negative reviews. We wanted to be close to the creek, bus station and souks, and this hotel was well positioned.While the staff were generally cold, we were happy with the room (very clean) and the stay was good. The Breakfast buffet had a mixture of western and both Indian and Middle Eastern items, which I felt were much better than the western items. There are a wide selection of local restaurants nearby, which we sampled and enjoyed, as these were dramatically cheaper than food available at th hotel.We didn't see any signs of sleaze around the place, and would probably stay here again, or certainly in this area (Bur Dubai).	
Nov 15 2006 	Hated the Admiral Plaza	My wife and I spent two nights in this hotel, and changed rooms twice in that period (IE three different rooms).The first room we got was maybe 10' X 10' ... I've never seen such a small hotel room other than in the developing world. It was something that I'd expect in a sort of hostel! Upon seeing this, we asked the fellow who had helped with our bags if all the rooms were like this - he said yes. After that, I went to the front desk, and they moved us across the hall to a room that was, surprise, twice the size.Okay - so night came and we figured, lets go eat. There were three restaurants in the place, and we entered the first. Was a bunch of single guys sipping drinks around a raised stage with several girls dancing to overly loud music. No problem, two others to pick from, right? Well guess what, both of the other two were the same. This was prostitute central! Ended up walking to some corner stores and buying fruit and the like.So, the second night and there is major loud music vibrating the room. Turns out , in additon to the three 'restaurants' that were on the other side of the building (poors folks staying on top of them), there was another party room, that was under our room. There was no where to go but up, so we went to the front and they changed us right away (they were very slick about it - I wasn't the first to complain). Anyway, we were now on the top floor, but the vibrations just carried.Then, when nothing else could go wrong, the AC stopped working. Had to call the front at 2AM, and they sent someone to fix things. The boom-boom sound kept going till past 3AM.	
Jun 25 2006	Not Good	I spent 3 nights at the Admiral Plaza in April and was generally unimpressed.Room - The room is standard 3 star. It is a decent size (around 300 square feet or 29 square meters), but it is generally worn and showing signs of age. The bathroom is large with a bath and shower, but the water pressure was soooooo bad. I could not gen enough pressure to get the shampoo out of my hair.The bar in the lobby is FULL of prostitutes. It was very unpleasant. Also, our room was directly above the bar so all night we could here the &quot;bang bang bang&quot; of the music - it stopped around 4am. And then at 8am the construction would start above our room, so there was constant drilling. Not impressed.Service - The staff are not very friendy and nor do they need to be. This hotel is part of the Emirates stopover deal, and therefore they get guests regardless of how good/bad the hotel is. The staff just don't really care about the guests. They give you your room key and that's about it.Food - The buffet breakfast is very ordinary. I could cook a better breakfast myself and I am a bad cook.Lobby - The lobby area is small but well decorated.Location - The area around the hotel is full of character - very Arabic. There are plenty of small shops and restaurants. There seemed to be more computer shops than anything else. The great thing about the location is it is a 5 minute walk down to the creek, so you really are in the heart of the city.	
Mar 15 2006	Value for Money	Stayed in a standard room and then upgraded to a suite. Both were clean and renovated although the bathrooms looked a little tired. Staff were always helpful but a little disorganised at times. If you're looking for a hotel with a pool this is not the place as the pool is indoors and looks very uninviting Visited the &quot;English Pub&quot; which was an enlightening experience watching the asian and russian hookers on the game for new meat! Having said that the bar staff were helpful and made sure we were not harrassed. The Admiral's situated in Bur Dubai which is the old district in the computer area. Some fabulous restaurants around that were cheap as chips. It's in a great location as it's only a 5 minute walk to the creek where you can pay 1 Dhm to jump on an Abra which takes you across the other side to the Gold Souk. You can also do a one hour trip on an Abra which takes you up the creek to the the golf club and back and you get to see the most fantastic architecture from the old to the new. We did a dhow dinner cruise which was a bit lame but also did the 4 wheel driving in the desert with dinner and that was fantastic. Try and book through a local agent (Gulf Travel)as the hotel will take their commission which makes it more expensive. Had breakfast at the Burj al Arab which was expensive but worth it for the experience of saying we had visited one of the most famous hotels in the world! Heaps of shopping and you can always buy cheap shoes and handbags from buyers in the street. Having said that a visit to Burjaman and Mall of the Emirates was fantastic just to see the variety. At Mall of the Emirates you can look through the glass window into the ski complex next door. All in all the Admiral was a great place to stay and value for money as we wanted somewhere central and reasonably priced.	
Feb 19 2006	Admiral Plaza Hotel	This is a great place. It is good value, clean three star gaff. Rooms a little tired but staff friendly. Cool bar with very interesting asian and russian female customers.Not a place for grannies or those expecting five star facilities for next to nothing or for those of the puritan persuasion. Definitely will stay again.	
Jul 15 2005	It was OK	Stayed for three nights. The service at the reception was very friendly. The Lobby area is nice. The room was a bit small, but it was enough. The bathroom had seen its better days, but was basic and clean so it was ok. There was everything we needed and paid for. The location was good, on a walking distance from many shoping areas. Wouldn't go to hotel's &quot;English Pub&quot; (at least don't recommend for couples or women) again.	
Jun 21 2005 	No not really	The rooms get badly sprayed with &quot;fresh&quot; airspray and the whole interior is rather dark. My room was very small with a bed boasting plenty of hair from some previous guest. All in all a rather run down place in a terrible area (unless you like Bombay). Dubai has definitely better places for budget travellers like the &quot;Sea Shell Inn&quot; for instance	
Jun 14 2005	Great hotel:	After reading some reviews of this hotel on the internet I was a bit worried going to the Admiral Plaza but as a result I loved this hotel.It was a great location for us as it was in the shopping part of Dubai it was easy to get around from here. The staff were lovely and very helpful, it was kept very clean aswell.When I return to Dubai I would stay here again without a doubt.	
Apr 12 2005	its was what we paid for	When we arrived early we were given a room it wasnt nice so we asked to be changed to be fair we did get changed later that day and the room was acceptable we were a little disapointed with the area when we arrived but after the first day realised we were in the local area and really enjoyed it the local people were very friendly and the shops were much cheaper than the tourist area the little cafes and restarants were wonderful The bar attach to the hotel was seedy but we did go in and ammuse ourselves with the goings on The staff in the bar looked after us and although on first impressions you might feel awkward we frequented daily for a half hour and nothing seemed to much for the staff in the bar and also the staff and managment at the hotel were very keen to please. We only paid about £45 a night so to be fair I think we got our money worth.	
Apr 4 2005	It's OK Just.	We arrived around 8 am &amp; had to wait 2 hours for a room to vacated &amp; made up. The room was better than we had expected after seeing the lobby area. decent size with a good bathroom.The hotel had very few european guests while we were there &amp; it showed in the breakfast which was awful.The Indian disco is very loud &amp; goes on while 3am. Thankfully we had taken earplugs &amp; I suggest you do too.The Victory pub which is accessed from the hotel &amp; the side street is very seedy &amp; full of Chinese prostitutes with there Arab pimps in close attendance. There is a half decent, very loud live band on. We would'nt stay there again.	
Apr 2 2005	Basic	We arrived at the hotel at 6.30am after a long flight from Australia. Although our booking had requested an early check-in, the receptionist was reluctant to give us a room. After a 30 minute wait he gave us the key to room 106 and advised us that we could move rooms later on in the day. Having settled in the room we decided not to move and got on with our sight seeing. We arrived back to our room at 11pm and it was like being in the middle of an Indian Karaoke! Little did we know, the room was above an Indian live music nightclub and the music went on until 3am. Needless to say, we moved rooms the next day!The following night we decided to have a quiet drink in the hotel bar 'The Victory'. It was an eye opener to say the least. From the minute we walked in we knew something was up- the bar was full of prostitutes and Arab men! We stayed for a few drinks just for a laugh. They were all harmless and kept themselves to themselves but the atmosphere was a bit tense. The hotel is located in a very 'local' area where white women are not seen to walk the streets so it was a bit intimidating wondering around (even when you have a man on your arm!). There is always a taxi passing the hotel and they are really cheap so everywhere is within easy reach. If you are expecting a 4* hotel you will be disappointed, it really is ready for a makeover!	
Jan 20 2005 	Basic No nonsense	Dont have your expectations too high and you wont be dissapointed. The hotal has the usual mid range hotel facilities, I used the spacious gym and visited the Karoke bar( frequented by Japanese businessmen!!). The decor is relatively basic in the rooms and definitely needs a makeover. The Admirals bar was closed during my visit, for reasons unknown.The hotel is near the Bur Dubai area and is in the middle of a shopping district, so a good location for shoppers, I had some shirts made and were a good buy. Restaurants are plentyful nearby and as taxis are cheap here its not a problem to get around.	
Jun 24 2004	The Admiral Plaza picked a winner!	I booked the above hotel via the net and was apprehensive about it, but should'nt have worried this hotel was brilliant, breakfast was included and you got a hot and cold choice and it changed daily! the staff were wonderful, nothing was to much trouble, the hotel is in a good location in bur dubai and everything was only a cab ride away, it did not matter not being near the beach as it was only a 15 minute cab ride away and the cabs there are very cheap. In the evening you can go anyway within the hotel vacinity for a meal anything from chinese/italian is on offer. the room we had was a twin bedded room it had cable telly and tea/coffee making facilities which was replenished daily the bathroom was clean and enough towels to go round!.I have already recommended this hotel to colleagues and they are now on there way.	
Sep 1 2009 	Bonne surprise		
Aug 11 2009 	Hände weg von diesem Hotel		
Jul 31 2008 	Nahe am Airport im Computerviertel- gerne wieder!		
Apr 19 2008 	Non indicato per Italiani		
