Nov 24 2009 	cheap and cheerful	Went with a little trepidation having read reviews.......Service was good right from arrival.Staff helpful throughout.Had a prob with aircon so they upgraded us.Lets be clear here...some of my pals were paying more in Jumeira for one night than I paid for six here! It is fairly basic,but more than adequate as a base.	
Nov 12 2009 	Very Awefull place	Rooms were very small and a little dark and at night there are loud sounds which could easily be heard from the night club until 1 o'clock at midnight and you couldn't rest and be relax with so loud sounds.our rooms TV set had problem but it remained until the end of the time which we were there and hotels technisian wasn't able to fix it.the lobby was awefull becuase of being very small place.I won't to be there again and not saticfy to be there.	
Aug 30 2009 	Aweful Hotel	never suggest this hotel to anyone.The rooms are dark and underexposed, the A/C not work properly, the room is not clean as you want, its staff are not friendly and helpful. Aweful breakfast and lunch buffet, just for Indians and Pakistanians. The food was aweful.	
May 2 2009 	Loved the Location and ambience	I enjoyed the stay at Claridge Hotel, Dubai. The staff were very helpful in all the matters. Value for money.	
Mar 4 2009 	rating below one star definitely wouldn't recommend	dirty room, black mould all around bath, reported it to reception,no response!!! staff very unfriendly. breakfast buffet was a joke !! wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.	
Sep 28 2008 	Lovely stay during ramadan!	We stayed at the claridge hotel during ramadan, which meant that the clubs weren't open and the bar was pretty empty! So we did not experience any of the loud music or &quot;russian prostitutes&quot; which the other reviews mentioned! It was also only about £35 per night for a double room due to a cheap ramadan offer we found online.....but i definetly wouldn't have paid more than that!It's in a good location in deira as the bus stop is near and its only a 15 minute walk from the gold souq or to get an abra across to bur dubai. The hotel also offers a free bus to the beach every morning (usually 15mins late) and the city center shopping mall every evening, which is great as the hotel doesnt have a swimming pool.The rooms were clean but I would definetly recommend eating OUT as the restaurant interior is very weird and we saw a RAT on the breakfast table!!! The staff range from very nice to This hotel is reccommended for poeple who are going to be out sightseeing rather than lazing around the hotel.	
Jun 7 2008 	claridge Hotel Dubai	During my stay in Claridge hotel in Dubai at the time mentioned above, I as a guest was not pleased with the behaviour of the staff specially the people in the information section .They were very road with the customers which was very surprising for me.No good hospitality was shown to the guests.The quality of the food was not good at all. The water was too hot for taking shower,and all togather considering to the expence of this three star Hotel ,I was not pleased at all.	
May 29 2008 	Average 3 star hotel	This average 3 star hotel is conveniently located in the city centre. Walking distance from main shopping centres. Reasonable comfortable rooms at reasonable price. Nice buffet breakfast.Ground floor disco which is usually noisy at nights. Personally I found it disturbing. Plus this place tends to be flooded with Russian prostitutes at nights. Strickly speaking, hotel policy does not allow any visitors in the guest rooms, off the record it does happen.Hard to find a taxi in the mornings, until 10AM. Reception staff can be busy at times and you might have to sit there in front of them, waiting to have a word.Overall it's a reasonable hotel in the city centre. I suggest to book through a reputable travel agent e.g. Expedia and save money.	
Apr 27 2008 	The location was good.	Location wise the hotel was excellent.The rooms were good. There was a bus that took us to the City Center Mall which was very convenient. The staff at the reception and the foyer were very good.The only complaint I have is that there was a thump thump noise all through the night and untill about 4 am from one of the restaurant below. The hotel needs to look into this.The worst bit was the breakfast. There was no cold milk for the cereals. When I requested it, they gave me what smelt like a Long Life milk. The breakfast choice was poor. PO	
Nov 11 2006	Interesting view from the breakfast table	The hotel looks good from the outside, the foyer also carries a good immage. The staff are pleasant and helpfull. The building shows signs of age but the room is nice.Breakfasr was the worst part of the experience. The choice is average but the quality of food is very poor. The location for breakfast is the night club which shows its age and associated stains. Fortunately the lovely large windows and the view of the well manicured Fish Roundabout lifts the atmosphere.	
Sep 28 2006 	Basic Hotel Good City Location but in need of a refurbishment	We recently spent 7 nights at this hotel having booked it through a travel agent. We wanted to be in the City rather than at the beach and can't fault its location - next to the Fish Roundabout and a large shopping Mall and only 10 minutes walk to the creek and boats that go to the other side.We arrived in the evening and first impressions were not great - the receptionist ignored us and sat there staring into space. Room was on the third floor and was ok but in need of a refurbishment - carpet old and tired, walls had a few stains on them and sheets and towels old and thin - although clean. Bathroom had lost of black mould around the bath. Opened the curtains the next morning - huge crack in the window and looked out over another wall. Also 7.30 each morning there was a very strange noise that went on for 10 minutes which sounded like a huge industrial plunger going a couple of floors above us! Having said all that it was ok for the purpose of staying there for city exploring. When we walked down the stairs there seemed to be a small community living in the corridor on the first floor - a few dead mattresses in one corner, burnt carpet and tables with used crockery and two or three people sitting outside one of the rooms at a table and chairs eating or smoking the sheesha pipe. On one occasion there were a couple of people sitting in the corridor filing each others nails - maybe it was the beauty salon!!We went down to breakfast - the view across the street and roundabout was nice - better than the view inside. Chairs either had cigarette burns in them or jam over them. Breakfast was pretty poor - Meat and cheese and salad. An old toaster for bread and a few tureens with something in that we had no idea what it was. No cereal or youghurt. Orange juice more like orange squash. We decided to go to the shopping mall opposite on a few mornings as the breakfasts there were cheap and tasty.All in all the hotel served a purpose and didnt ruin our holiday. I think a lot of the city hotels are quite similar to this but it wasnt the sort of place where you could go and relax. It is in a good central area for city exploring, but its probably better to spend a bit more and have something nicer with a pool.	
Oct 31 2008	?????????????		
