	Early Check-in Nightmare	We had booked 4 nights with Expedia which provided a better rate (~C$136) than Novotel's own website. My wife and I arrived at the hotel around 3:30 am on a Sat. The hotel was not full and our room was available. The receptionist wanted to charge 50% of rack rate for early check-in. I explained that this is a normal courtesy extended by other competitors in the same class. The night supervisor came around and raised the price to 100% rack rate for check-in immediately and 50% rack at 5 am. I asked for the Duty Manager. Much to my shock, Mr. Said raised the price further to 100% rack for check-in immediately, 50% rack at 8 am or checkin at regular time Noon. This is &quot;Souk&quot; bargaining at its worst with sleep deprived travelers who had no other options. We ended up hanging around the lobby from 3:30 to 5 am, and paid 260 AED &quot;ransom&quot; to get into our room early.If I had known this before, I would not have booked this hotel, as there were many others to choose from. So unless you are prepared to pay the premium for early check in or late checkout (see other postings), be forewarned.	
Nov 7 2009 	Value for Money	Spent 3 nights here and found the service excellent in all aspects. Called room service for linen for the pullout bed, they arrived within 5 minutes and quickly made the bed up. Then had to call them about an hour later as we couldn’t open the pull out bed, again they arrived promptly then cheerfully and efficiently solved the problem.The quality and variety at the breakfast buffet was very good with a chef on hand to cook your eggs to your request. The evening meals were also good with a choice of buffet or al la Carte. The front of house staff were helpful and polite.The hotel is located about 10 minutes drive from Dubai mall / Burj Dubai (15-20 uaed in a taxi) and about 20 mins from the airport (70 uaed in a taxi). The airport - hotel shuttle bus service seems to have been discontinued.Taxis were plentiful and good value but try to use the beige colour metered ones rather than the ‘private hire’ cars usually found outside the hotels which are slightly more expensive. There are courtesy buses to most of the malls but check the times, as they are not very frequent although seemingly reliable.Now for the negatives. Our room was small but adequate with all of the features one would expect, the fixtures and fittings were starting to become a little tired and I would say that the room would be ready for a renovation within 12–18 months. This was not a problem though as the standard of cleanliness was very good.Evening bar service in the restaurant was “interesting”. If you order a pint, check that that is what you are served, not a half pint. This happened to me four times and the waiters could not seem to understand the difference, no matter how much I tried to explain. In their defence I will say that the missing measures were eventually (and seemingly reluctantly) served even if the mistake was not admitted.The positives far outweigh the minor negatives and we would definitely use this hotel again. I would rate it a 3 star hotel with 5 star service.The location suited us, I just wish we had booked a longer stay!	
Nov 4 2009 	A good hotel in a good location	Stayed with my young family and found this hotel to be quite good. Nice quiet location with very clean and comforable rooms. No complaints at all. Staff very friendly and helpful and breakfast was sensational.	
Oct 17 2009 	only location near world trade center makes sense!	So I went there because of his position next to world trade center where i had a exhibition... otherwise forget about this adress... I made my reservation by Expedia offering a suite for less than 200$ per night including breakfast! When I arrived at 5:30am they gave me a room on 3rd floor with view on a wall... then after asking change to a top floor room but smoking.... talking about suite... there are no suite in this hotel!!! SO be careful with information given by expedia!	
Jul 13 2009 	An O.K Hotel	this hotel is a good hotel for value of money, i got a very good rate. the room was clean and the bathroom too but the bathroom looks a little old but dont worry nothing disturbing. the room and bathroom are a bit small. t.v got some great channels the room service isn't very fast but the staff are friendly Specially &quot;Dany&quot; in the reception and internet isn't free. for me i will come back to this hotel if i have a limited budget.	
Jun 16 2009 	Luxurious 	There was a big group of us enroute back to the UK so we took advantage of some special offers and booked a couple of nights in the Novotel at a great rate. We confirmed and re-confirmed that as our return flights were leaving very late and we had children we would be allowed late (8 pm) in our rooms.Unfortunately this did not happen and we had the choice of a large group of kids of varying ages getting progressively tired so we asked how much to stay in the rooms. Now bearing in mind that the rooms had not been even cleaned (which was fine) they offered two rooms at 50% of the rack rate for 4 HOURS. This somewhat spoiled what until then had been an excellent stay.Morale of the story - stick to your guns at the booking in not later!Ok back to the review - Lovely modern hotel with great facilities. Service was (apart from above) great and always attentive.Rooms are clean and good size. Not a great view from any of the rooms ( we had four on varying floors and aspects) but what do you expect from the financial district. Entertainment provided by a good size flat screen TV with a good mix of free channels. Internet was of the pay to use type so as I had my trusty Blackberry did not use. A short walk in to the Trade Centre next door and you can use free WiFi on offer there.Location is well away from anywhere &quot;touristy&quot; but the free shuttle bus takes you almost anywhere you probably want to go. We went to the usual shopping malls as well as the beach. It is also free to and from the airport.We had breakfast - which was great. Chef on hand to cook anything of special request otherwise great variety on offer and of good standard.If the booking had gone as planned this hotel would be getting a big double thumbs up, I even filled in the questionnaire in glowing terms but thefact that they hotel took advantage of their mistake and the considerable added cost (relative to the cost of the whole booking) spoilt it for all of us.	
Jun 9 2009 	Good for Business Trips ONLY!	Fine hotel in good location near the hot area in Dubai business-wise. Good service and the best breakfast buffet you can ask for. Very nice nightlife and good facilities. The staff are very welcoming and helpful. However, very very tight and small rooms with not that much of views. The food they serve during the day is not first in class, though!	
May 10 2009	Value formoney	The rooms are small, but the hotel is an excellent value for money. The staff is helpful and rooms are clean. Excellent business hotel in my opinion.	
Apr 19 2009 	Novotel Dubai	Novotel is a 4 star hotel. I will recommend only if you get a value tariff from the website. The only thing I like about the hotel is it's location. It is bang opposite Sheikf Zaiyed Road and only can see the beautiful Emirates Tower Hotel.	
Apr 15 2009 	Excellent value hotel	Changed to this hotel after moving from the IBIS and we were so pleased we did. We had a king size room which was lovely. A substantial size with king size bed which was so comfortable. Good quality linen with good pillows. TV, mini bar, bed settee, work station, internet connection, phone, tea/coffee. The bathroom wasn't huge but it was very clean with all the amenities you could wish for including a lovely shower.Our room attendant could not have been more acccommodating and kept the room spotless. We wanted to go to the beach and as there were no beach towels he made sure we had surplus quantities of bath towels to take with us.We used the cafe for afternoon snacks which were of good quality with a wide selection of food available including the most scrumptious cakes.There is pool with loungers and a business centre should you wish to use the internet. The staff there are very helpful.The only downside to this hotel is that it is valet parking only and whilst the staff are very quick and efficient, there are times when you have only popped back to the hotel for a very short time but there is nowhere to leave the car and it has to be parked.We found the location of this hotel to be ideal. You are about 30 minutes from The Palm and the same from The Souk. There is a shuttle bus to/from the hotel which arrives at the hotel at 30 minutes past the hour at hotel shuttle stand 2 and leaves for the airport on the hour. It does not have to be pre-booked. There are also shuttles to the beach and to the malls.Taxis are expensive with a trip to the Palm from the hotel about £24 return - you can hire a car for £19 per day. Also the beach the hotel bus takes you to isn't the best, the free one is beautiful and I believe called Jumeirah Beach. Do check that you can take photographs on the beach as there are a lot of signs that say you can't and also if you use the beach the bus takes you too, there is a sign that says Mondays are for ladies only - I cannot confirm that this is correct as we used the free beach on the Monday.	
Apr 12 2009 	OK but could be better	I know Dubai very well and this is the first time I have stayed at the Novotel. Overall the hotel was OK with a good sized room overlooking the pool and skyline. The location is good. I would stay again on business.However the check in and check out was a total disaster. It took 30 mins to check in and the staff do not know what they are doing. Check out was even worse. The person checking me out ignored me for 10 minutes and then was rude and obnoxious when he decided to actually acknowledge me. The taxi situation outside the hotel was chaos too. Dont drink in the Jazz bar it is so expensive you need to take a loan.The breakfast was excellent though and the staff there were very good.	
Apr 1 2009 	Excellent value for money by Dubai standards	Stayed here five nights while on a business trip to the Gulf area. Excellent value for money by Gulf standards, although the wifi internet was bit pricey. Free airport pick-up and drop-off. Courteous staff.	
Mar 25 2009 	Exactley what you need	Having been to Dubai so many times, and spending alot of money on the 5* hotels on every trip... This time i thought i will try for a cheaper dealer so I can have extra spending money in Dubai. I was Apprehensive at first.. On arrivalit was AMAZING clean and neat and the size is great... i would defintely go bk again. The staff were amazing and arrange day trips for you on request. Felt very safe and at home... food great pool nice... I look forward in going bk again....	
Mar 14 2009 	Excellent place to stay	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights, in September 08. We arrived really early but they let us have our room at 9.00am in the morning. There was a courtesy bus to the beach and Emirites Mall. The bus driver was really helpful we had not got any money out at the airport so he drove us in the bus to the nearest ATM machine. The room was top class for the money we paid with a reasonable view around the city. The room was very clean with a good amount of complementry coffee and water. There is a neat little washing line that pulled out over the bath so you could do a bit of washing and hang it to dry. The breakfast which was included in the room price was excellent with everything you could think of been served. Would definitely stay there again if I went back to dubai	
Mar 9 2009 	Fabulous staff an ideal location for a short stay in Dubai!	I stayed at the Novotel with 2 girlfriends last month and it was everything that we needed. Ok, the view from our window was one of a building site, but also fabulous views of the Emirates Towers and Burj Dubai which easily cancelled the rest out! We chose the bed and breakfast option and can say that the food is also very good with a wide choice of options. The location was great too, Dubai is a big place so it's impossible to be close to everything, but the business district is right in the middle between old and new Dubai so a great base from which to explore. By far the best thing about this hotel however is the wonderful staff who couldn't do enough for us, whether that be flagging down taxis, calling lifts and even putting our fresh laundry in our wardrobes for us! I would highly reccommend the Novotel World Trade Centre for a short stopover and I will definitely return!	
Mar 4 2009 	decent rooms bad views good food!!	my stay here was only for about 9 hours in the month of june of last year. I was with my girlfrined and we had come to dubai from RAK for an interview. We decided to stay at the Novotel. This hotel is nice, but highly priced. We paid 500 ++ Dirhams for such a short stay. My bill was approx 800 dirhams. This did not include the breakfast and i paid 60 AED per head for two people. in the evening we ordered grilled tiger prawns &amp; a mix grill. Over priced and not hot when served in the room. The airconditioning unit is too complicated to use. We asked for engieering to come and increase the temperature as it was getting too cold, no one came!! Think twice before staying here.	
Jan 12 2009 	good location for business	this hotel has a perfect location for business trips considering traffic jams in Dubai.Short distance from airport and Burj Dubai area.It is stylish and essential like all the Novotel hotels and prices are normally reasonable for Dubai area.Restaurant is very good and jazz bar is classy for swinging after dinner.Maybe it is not suitable for tourists because of small swimming pool and far distance from the beaches.Anyway every time i go to Dubai i stay there.	
Dec 28 2008 	just what we were looking for...!great!	we stayed 5nights at the novotel world trade centre my husband and I for christmas 2008!we arrived early and we had a room earlier and the check out also was change for us to enjoy our last day in dubai and without any charges, thanks to the reception!!very simple but clean and nice rooms, the hotel as a good location (equal distance from jumeirah, deira, dubailand....) ,the size of the pool is enough for the guests and the workers are very helpful and friendly!!we will definitely go back there next time!	
Dec 28 2008 	Great again ......	Once again we enjoyed the Novotel, we stayed last weekend where we booked a suite and friends booked an interconnecting room - great setup for two families with young kids, put kids to bed then relax in the living roomPlus+ Valet parking, quick easy and free+ Price 995 dhs for suite inc taxes and breakfast+ Room, great living room with comfy dining suite and sofa bed+ Toilet in living room stops bothering kids+ Very quick service for maid service+ Pool is fine but was too cold weather to use+ Location is great for either taxi or car - very central+ Functional clean and genreally nice modern rooms - nothing fancy but thats a nice change for DubaiMinus- Crap hollow fibre small pillows - square and too soft and no feather ones- breakfast - no pork and great selection but quality pretty average - was better last time I stayedWell done again Novotel, I've stayed in about 15 hotels in Dubai in the last 5 years and the Novotel remains my cheap fave - they seem to have accepted the credit crunch effects early and have already reduced rates to less than summer (low season) so bag a bargain.My faves btwFamily weekend / holiday - Jumeirah Beach club room, wild wadi access and kids club, great restaurant choiceExpensive business or romantic weekend - Emirates Towers - always impresses and the club has free drinks and snacks 24 hrsCheap business - Novotel rules closely followed by Ibis round the back if you don't want a poolRob	
Nov 24 2008 	Just okay	Stayed here recently and overall, quite affordable compared to many other hotels. The hotel is situated on a main road so everytime you hopped onto a taxi from the hotel, it would have to take a detour around the back of th hotel to get onto that main road so slightly annoying considering that travel by taxi in dubai is the only way to get around (which is also slightly annoying!!!) The rooms were basic and standard like any other Novotel around the world. But the hotel charges you for everything, including internet use in its business centre. I used the internet in the business centre for no more than 15 minutes and this cost me £7, which is ridiculous. Internet is no longer a luxury and should not be charged, especially in a city that is aiming to be at the forefront of technology. Also, we had settled our bill on departure only for the hotel to charge us additionally for a coke that we supposedly consumed in the mini bar (they went to the trouble of printing an additional invoice to include the coke!). Whether or not we did (I don't even remember) and the cost was beside the point - the hotel should have not bothered with adding it after we had already settled the bill	
Nov 16 2008 	Loved Dubai	Travelled with my wife and two young children (two and three years old).Rooms were clean, shower/bathroom adequate. Beds were OK, there was a sofa bed present which wasn't particularly comfortable.Staff were very friendly and room service were prompt to our needs.TV was naff,half the channels had signal problems.However hotel provides excellent free shuttle service to and from the airport and to the Mall of Emirates, Deira City Centre and Mercato. Most fast food establishments a short 10 min walk from the hotel.Overall excellent value for money given how expensive hotels are in Dubai. Massive traffic problems around there, however the Monorail is being built so hopefully this will be complete in 2009.Worth visitng Atlantis, awesome hotel, amazing aquariam, the aqua-adventure park also was impressive, chose to go to this over Wild Wadi. Overall a great experience in staying Dubai	
Nov 3 2008	Ideal for a stopover in Dubai	great clean hotel. Can't complain with rate that you pay, ideal for short stopover of 3 nights. If coming to Dubai really recommend you to do Dubai safari and gypsy bedouin camp tough one afternoon/evening, best thing we did during our stay in Dubai. Also if you'd like to eat at the Burj al Arab, book 6 or so weeks before you go.	
Oct 25 2008 	Value for money hotel	We got off to a bad start here. Arriving early in the morning (8am)from an overnight flight we had to wait until 11am to access our room, even though an exta night prior to our arrival had been paid for. This problem was eventually sorted out but should not have happened.The rooms are a reasonable size and clean with good bathrooms. We were on the 7th floor with a view of a building site but if you don't like cranes and diggers don't go to Dubai.The public rooms are spacious with comfortable seating and the breakfasts are more than adequate, the usual buffet style. The staff were very efficient and tables were cleared quickly. The hotel has a shuttle to several shopping malls but taxis are cheap.If we go again would probably opt for a hotel at the beach.	
Sep 14 2008 	Affordable quality stay in Dubai	We stayed in Novotel Dubai with my wife, trying to have resonably priced, good located nice hotel. It was met and probably even exceeded. Is it best hotel in Dubai - no way, is it reasonable 4* hotel - definitely. The rooms are tiny, standard furnished, typical Novotel. Lobby &amp; check in more in Arabic style, good breakfast, possibility to enjoy draft beer in the evening in Blue Bar. (with some live music), next doors is World Trade Center with some more bars, but mainly the hotel is reasonably far from airport &amp; Deira as well as from newly developing Jumeirah. So, recommended if you're looking for good value for money bed &amp; breakfast kind of stay, and plan to spend the days &amp; nights enjoying Dubai.	
Sep 11 2008 	It was not bad	I stayed at the Novotel between 24th and 31st of August and i must say my check in was very very smooth,it must have been less than 5mins,maybe cos it was in d middle of the night and i had prepaid for the whole week.I went on to my room and it looked cosy enuf ,just that for the price,their beds were toooooo small,the bathroom was nice though the shower gave me small(but neglible) problems atimes,every staff was very pleasant and nice.Problem with this hotel is dat its quite a distance from town so u cant really walk to any mall or anywhere in site once u come back to the hotel in d evening so cabs were a bit expensive to the hotel.the hotel and some malls provided free shuttles to the malls and beach so you have to work with their time and at least get further into town to make ur journey cheaper,they also have a bus in the airport every 30mins from midnight so all you have to do is look out for thatThe breakfast wasnt very suitable for africans cos it lacked spices and pepper most especially but it was still okay cos of the variety.the pool was FANTASTIC,.1.4M height so anyone and everyone could swim in it,the gym was nice,didint have time to try the massage place.All in all,it was an okay stay,but i might not go there a 2nd time cos i will prefer hotels trekkable to city centre.	
Aug 28 2008 	Nice staff poor rooms	The Novotel is an unusual place. The communal areas especially the lobby and corridors are fantastic. The rooms are shabby and very poor. In spite of a request for non smoking rooms, we were put in smoking rooms which I find offensive for myself but more so for our kids. We were offered air freshner although I tried to explain that teh smell was heavily in everything from the bed sheets to the curtains. In the end i paid extra to upgrade to a non smoking suite for the period having gone through several room moves. Their rooms are very old, poorly maintained with no ventilation and extremely basic. the only good thing about the Novotel is the staff who on the whole are very nice and helpful but are seriously let down by the poor facilities and very poor organisation by their management.The pool is one depth throughout so not great for very young kids. Their restaurant is not too bad.	
Aug 27 2008 	OK Hotel	The hotel is OK, I liked very much the Blue Bar. Room wasn't bad, but nothing to write home about. Good hotel if you are on the budget side.	
Aug 23 2008 	Great Hotel	We arrived with our small children on 10th August 2008 for a period of 10 days - after a very tiring flight from London Gatwick via Doha, we arrived and had to wait approx 20 minutes for shuttle bus to hotel. When we arrived at hotel - we were welcomed and informed by the reception guy that they only had a smoking room - not very good considering we booked this package holiday 10 weeks earliar, and they had plenty of time to make sure that everything was good before we arrived. I informed him that we have 2 small children and this was not good - especially being so late in night and very tired. Anyway, he informed us we can change rooms in morning. The next morning we made a call to reception and we were moved to a non smoking room. Overall, hotel was fantastic - staff very good and friendly - pool area great and safe for kids as they have a lifeguard there at all times. It was a lovely room and bathroom - only disappointment was very limited place for clothes, especially when you are a family. I did like all the free complimentary magazines and newspapers in reception. You must use the complimentary shuttle bus to the shopping malls, ie Mall of the Emirates, Deira city centre, Maccato. It will save you some money!!!!	
Jul 7 2008 	Moderately priced above average service	Stayed here during a conference. I was at the hotel for 11 days. The room was nice, the bed was terrible (hard as a rock). Hotel restaurants are not that great, but actually room service was quite good. Hotel is attached to the World Trade Conference Center, and several other restaurants, including an Asian and Indian one, were excellent.Pool is nicely maintained, and fitness area is average. As with the rest of Dubai, meals are usually moderate but alcohol is expensive. Hotel is really not near anything so a modest cab ride gets you to either downtown or Mall of The Emirates. Nothing to write home about, but it was clean and the staff was friendly.	
Jun 17 2008 	Enjoyed the Novotel	My Husband, daughter and I spent 3 nights here at the beginning of April on our return from Australia.We arrived very early (7.00 am) but we had 2 rooms available within the hour. Reception staff were helpful.We ate both breakfast and evening meals here and had a lunch time bar snack. All were good quality. Meals were buffet style with an excellent choice. We thought it was good value with wine deal.Rooms were modern and simply but attractively furnished.Swimming pool was good and staff pleasantDespite reported issues with taxis we found it easy to get about and taxis readily available.Courtesy bus to malls was good but it took a long time and stopped at many other hotels. (I would take a taxi in future.)	
Jun 14 2008 	Very good hotel	I stayed in Novotel with my partner in July 2007.The hotel is situated in the city centre, just off Sheik Zayed Road.It is very convenient, as you can easily catch a cab to almost everywhere.The beach is 10 min by taxi and Mall f the Emirates - the biggest shopping centre - is also about 10 min by cab.Rooms in the hotel are clean and staff very nice and polite.Breakfasts are delicious. Everyone will find something for themselves. Big variety of everything.The swimming pool is quite small but having beach only 10 min away you don't want to waste time at the pool, especially that beach is gorgeous.White sand and very very hot water. Which is nice.Before we went to Dubai everyone was telling us nit to go in July as it is too hot.It is hot indeed but you can get used to it very quick.There is air condition everywhere you go and you cannot feel the heat at the beach as there is a small breeze.Overall, if I was going back to Dubai I would recommend Novotel but for the price I think there are more beautiful hotels to stay in.	
Jun 8 2008 	More than ok for a Novotel	This Novotel is ideally located near DIFC and World Trade Center if you business meetings are in the area.Rooms are ok, although not very large and service is fine.There's a small swimming pool available and buffet breakfast is quite good.Overall, if you're short on AED, it' a better choice than Emirates Towers (located at 2 mn if you want to enjoy the hotel facilities)	
Jun 3 2008 	Great Hotel	I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights. It is really a four star hote. The location is great near to the World Trade Center. The staff is really friendly. It has a great swiming pool. The rooms are very clean and spacios. The breakfast is great.	
May 15 2008	Excellent value for money and good location	The Novotel is a great option for the business traveller. Though the rooms are relatively basic, they are comfortable and the hotel has a nice environment. A stone's throw off Sheikh Zayed road makes it an excellent location and a 1/3 of the price of the hotels on the main road. One tip: internet servce is horrendously expensive, best to go to French Connection cafe on Sheikh Zayed road, grab a coffee for a few dollors and enjoy complimentary internet access for 2 hours. When thats up, grab another coffee!	
Apr 29 2008 	Great hotel good price	A great hotel very clean, staff very helpful, and great restaurant, really reasonable price compared to other dubai accomodation and location was good for a business traveller also taxis are so cheap in dubai even if I wasn't on business would stay here again	
Apr 23 2008 	NOVOTEL IS A GREAT GEM IN THE HEART OF THE CITY!	we booked a 10 night stay over xmas with my mother-in law, husband and 3 children aged 12, 6 and a 2 year old toddler.This was my second stay in Dubai, the last being in August when me and my husband celebrated our wedding anniversary, we stayed at the beautiful Ritz Carton on Jumeira Beach.Anyway, back to my review! We arrived at the Novotel at 0700 hours, as it was Christmas Eve the hotel was very busy. We'd requested inter-connecting rooms and was told that we'd have to wait until Mid-day as the rooms were occupied. by 10.00 am the rooms were ready which was great as officially check-in was not until 2 pm. The rooms are clean, modern and comfortable. The hotel is not as plush as the jumeira beach hotels but I would say it is definitely worthy 0f it's 4 stars! It's a classy place to stay by anyone's standards and I consider mine to be high!  Room service was speedy and the food was of a high standard without being extortionate. £10 for a proper dinner isn't bad! The beauty of this hotel is it's location, it was literally 10-15 minutes taxi ride from anywhere. The taxis are so cheap that you won't find that you're spending loads on travelling.I'm returning to dubai with my husband in May and we're staying at the intercontinental in dubai festival city, simply because Novotel didn't come up in the list of hotels and we like to try new places especially as every hotel in Dubai is so individual. To sum up, the Novotel is a classy hotel with great facilities for the business traveller and famillies alike, although if you are looking for relaxation, and not to shop til you drop, sight see, etc then this hotel wouldn't be suited for you. When we went with the children we wanted to show them everything Dubai had to offer as we'd done a beach holiday with them and thought we'd do something different!Hope this has been helpful!	
Apr 13 2008 	a 5* crammed into a 4*	upon arriving, we thought we turned up at the wrong hotel simply becuase it was a lot more nicer in person! from checking in, the rooms, room service, the hotel bar and the swimming pool, they where all fantastic. really nice throughout and made our week very enjoyable.	
Mar 28 2008 	Not a building site! wonderful	Great location as one of the few areas in Dubai that has been completed , so no noise or views of cranes. Central location! taxi's very cheap in Dubai.Courtesy bus provided to Airport and Malls. Theme nights in the restaurant each evening where you can pay a little extra to include drinks. Friday is BBQ evening! Lovely pool area and sun beds! Coffee shop in the reception area great!	
Mar 7 2008 	Absolutely Love the Novotel Dubai	Hi, myself &amp; 8 others stayed in the Novotel World Trade Centre in February for 5 nights. We had a fantastic stay in this hotel and the staff were absolutely fantastic, very friendly and helpful and nothing was a problem. We booked some trips also with the hotel for the Dhow Cruise and the Dessert Safari and it was done in no time at all. The pool area is gorgeous and again if you want to move your sunbed there is someone on hand to do it for you and the food at the poolside bar was excellent and very reasonably priced. Some of us booked facials in the health club and again it was gorgeous and staff wonderful. I would defo stay at this hotel again - excellent. Rhonda Duffy (Dublin, Ireland)	
Feb 18 2008 	Loved it!	Stayed here on a long stopover in Dubai so only need a bed for a couple of hours. Perfect location only a 10min drive from the airport. (free shuttle bus, but cab would be about 25d's) Hotel is not a luxury 5 star resort etc, but I don’t think anybody would turn up thinking that. IBIS is on the same complex.Clean and bright rooms, polite staff, pool, gym all a++Hotel Bar was surprising pleasant, quite a fun atmosphere!All in all, for a no frill's hotel for dirt cheap in a city where most rooms are overpriced this NOVOTEL Dubai wins hands down! ( I paid 65 pounds sterling on their website)	
Feb 17 2008 	Great hotel in a good location	A really good hotel with great facilities. Although not a 5 star in actual ratings, it's not like other Novotel hotels - its had the Dubai luxury treatment! Great location opposite the Emirates towers and other eating locations on Sheikh Zayed Road which we had no problems in walking to in the evenings (if you can take the heat!). Taxis were always available outside the hotel if you wanted to go further a field, which is likely! Great thing about this hotel was that it is quite central, so areas like bur dubai or at the opposite end, Madinat Jumeriah/ Wild Wadi are not too far away. Hotel has a nice pool and gym, great buffet breakfast, internet facilities (though a bit expensive) and staff are very accomodating. The hotel also has a free shuttle bus to and from the airport and the key shopping malls. We would definitely stay here again and recommend to others going to Dubai.	
Feb 11 2008 	Excellent value in an expensive city	My boyfriend and I liked this hotel a lot. The room seemed new with modern furnishings. Both of us liked the bed, which was unusual because he likes a soft bed and I prefer firmer. We took advantage of the free airport transfers (look for the person holding the Ibis/Novotel sign) and the free shuttle to the beach and malls. Our departing flight was through Abu Dhabi, and the concierge arranged for a taxi for us.The staff were very helpful, especially the pool staff who appeared instantly to help us move the lounge chairs in/out of the sun.This is by no means an inexpensive hotel, but was an excellent value for Dubai. I originally booked the Ibis, but kept checking the Novotel's website and eventually came across a rate that was only a little higher than the Ibis'. After spending a little more time on the Novotel website, I was able to find a rate that included breakfast and internet for the same price as the room-only rate. Yay! When checking out of the hotel, the front desk claimed that internet is never included, but fortunately I had the reservation confirmation printed out, which stated that internet was included. The front desk agent removed our internet charges without any problems.	
Feb 8 2008 	Shiny	The hotel is part of a large convention centre with its sister hotel the Ibis in the same complex. Overall we enjoyed our stay. The fitness facilities and swimming pool were excellent. Breakfast was the only sticking point. The food, although plentiful, was of poor quality and chemical tasting. The room was airy, clean and decorated in a modern style. This hotel is huge so it gets very busy with long queues for the reception. Also the in-room internet connection was extortionately expensive (free internet access available in the convention centre foyer). Good location for the airport, port or the creek. Free shuttle bus to a large shopping mall.	
Feb 3 2008 	Amazing location crazy prices	We have a trade show every January in Dubai, held in the World Trade Center. Undoubtly, the Novotel, together with Ibis have the best location since they are in the premises. Can´t beat that.Having said that, I will go directly to pros/cons.PROS: Location, location, location. Jazz bar is cool. Restaurant is ok, but quite expensive.CONS: Crazy prices, AED 1500 (during this show) per night, very expensive internet (AED 110 per 24hs), small and crowded gym at peak hours (7-8AM), cold pool, rooms are quite tight.In summary, if you have anything going on at the World Trade Center, you will love staying there. Dubai´s traffic is impossible and the advantage of staying there is incredible. Otherwise, choose a different hotel. Good luck.	
Jan 31 2008	Nice Hotel for the price	Stayed at this hotel during the recent Duabi Air Show (Nov 07) - Room was very nice and had a great view of the city. The hotel staff was very friendly and the bar and pool made for a nice return after a hard day on my feet at the show.Easy to get a cab from in front of hotel and is also located next to the convention center -Overall a good value for a hotel in Dubai!	
Jan 29 2008	Not my favorite	I stayed at the Novotel for 3 days in mid January. The common areas of the hotel are ok. The rooms themselves are nothing to shout about. They are extremely small and confining. My room overlooked an internal courtyard and seemed like a jail cell. The staff was friendly and the food was good but expensive. The location is not bad although you will need a taxi to get to shopping and restaurants.	
Jan 24 2008 	Good value but a fight for sunbeds	A friend and I stayed from 29 Dec to 2 Jan. I arrived at about 9am to be told that there were no rooms available yet, which was fair enough. I left my luggage with the concierge and went to sit by the pool, getting hold of one of the last few sunbeds, spending a relaxing few hours waiting for my friend to arrive laying on my sunbed while watching scores of other people turn up to the pool to find there was no-where to sit. There were a number of sunbeds 'reserved' with towels for a couple of hours or more, and i felt that the hotel should not allow this to happen given how many people were waiting to use them. When my room was finally ready i was told my luggage would be taken up and i returned to the pool. It was still sitting in the middle of reception a couple of hours later when i headed to the room. I didn't find it acceptable that luggage was just left on trolleys in the reception area for anyone to wander off with, or that no-one bothered to take it to my room in a two hour period. We had a few other niggles with service - mainly housekeeping. We returned to the hotel one evening to find that the maid had left some of her cleaning equipment in the bathroom, and had removed the toilet rolls and not replaced our towels. On phoning housekeeping we were told 'there's a shortage' (they didn't explain if this was on towels or toilet rolls) - not the kind of response you'd expect - although replacements were brought within half an hour.Apart from these niggles, we found the room clean and nicely presented, if a little small, the only real problem being that there was very little storage space - no drawers for clothes for example. The bathrobes were a nice touch though. There was a good selection on the buffet at breakfast, although we found it a little strange that some mornings bacon was available and some it wasn't. The poolbar offered nice snacks and was reasonably priced. We never had a problem getting a taxi from the hotel, although having to drive half way round the WTC to get back on to the road got a little tiresome and we found it easier to hail a taxi on the street. All in all, if you don't mind staying in an area where you have to take taxis or drive to get anywhere, and where you might have to get up at 7am to get a sunbed, then this hotel was very good value for money - our room was about £85 a night including breakfast.	
Jan 13 2008 	Good cheap option if you can get out	Stayed here during the Dubai 7's and found the place to be great. Good value for money and a very cool little hotel. Good place to get to the sites outside the centre, Emirates Mall, Exiles etc.Only issue was lack of taxis which did mean al ong wait could be had. Hotel need to organise this better.	
Jan 4 2008 	Good value for money and very friendly staff	We' ve spent 10 days over the Christmas period with my wife and our 2 kids. The hotel is overall a very good 4 star, the staff has been very friendly and helpful. The hotel is also familly friendly (free breakfast, play area, the kids staid with us for free - see age limit). The pool is nice but you have to wake-up early to get a chair around the pool ... There are free and convenient bus shutlles going to 3 major Dubai malls, the beach and the airport. If you like Asian cuisine, there is an excellent Noddle House restaurant in the Emirate Towers, which is at walking distance from the Hotel, also family very friendly.	
Dec 4 2007	Best bang for your buck in Dubai.	I've stayed in many hotels in Dubai and this is by far the best value with consistent service. The rooms are nice, fairly simple, but roomy and the beds are comfortable. The service is friendly, but not over the top. There are always plenty of taxis available and most important it is right in the middle of everything so nothing is more than 20 minutes away.The pool is nice, but fairly small for the size of the hotel.There is a dearth of decent four-star hotels in Dubai and this is the place to stay if you want to spend less than $350/night.	
Nov 21 2007 	Excellent accommodation	On short break to Dubai with my wifewe stayed in this hotel. The accommodation in this hotel is way above the average Novotel. The staff were very helpful and friendly towards us and nothing was a problem. It is in the Business area but taxis fairly cheap. The hotel also has courtsey buses to shopping malls and airport. The traffic is heavy between 5 and 8pm but thats Dubai. The hotel has a good restrauant and the room service is first class. There is no problem getting a sun bed to laze around the pool and the attendants go out of their way to help you. It was good when we were there the motor show was on next door.Would stay there again catered for tourist and business person alike	
Nov 1 2007 	A Novotel flagship - but still a Novotel	This hotel is not a usual Novotel - the general style and service level are well above other Novotels in the world. It is conveniently located at one of the entries to the Dubai Convention Center, if you are there for a conference or are organising one yourself then this is a very good place to be. Public areas are good and the bar is very good, particularly on days where live music is played on stage. The restaurant is ok, but service is not really quick or attentive. The rooms are the downside - expectations from the public areas in terms of decor, style and amenities are not met. The rooms are rather small and with simple furniture, the bathrooms are quite simple as well. Business travelers will miss some power plugs for laptop and chargers while the so called broadband internet is painfully slow (sometimes even too slow to use Skype) but terribly expensive.Overall a good and convenient hotel, but (as all other hotels in Dubai) heavily overpriced.	
Oct 11 2007 	Great Hotel Novotel does it again	I am familiar with the Novotel / Accor Brand and so I booked this hotel. My sister and I stayed there for 5 days on a shopping /sightseeing vacation.The hotel is at a higher standard than other Novotels , decor-wise ( in Dubai everything goes up a level). The lobby is huge ( everything in dubai is supersized ) and classy- the hotel website photos are very accurate.Loved everything about this hotel. Not too far from airport, it is actually annexed to the World Trade Centre but the good thing about novotels is that they cater to both business and leisure travellers alike.There was a tourist info desk and the staff were very helpful- there was one hic-cup when we had to wait for a safari jeep after we had paid, they thought we were not on the list ,but it was sorted 15 mins later.The Restaurant is chic and the food is really great- a combination of French as well as typical Emrati dishes. There were also themed food nights- i.e. Japanese, Indian, Italian, Middle Eastern. There a bar/lounge and a night club on site as well. There is a souvenir/ sundries store in the hotel.The hotel is not in the city centre , neither is it near the creek or shops but there is a shuttle which drops you off into the centre of town this takes about 20 min, depending on whether the shuttle has to pick up guests from the Hotel Ibis (which is the partner hotel) or traffic. The shuttle also picks up guests from the airport and drops guests off to airport.All in all we had a great time. There is a gym, pool with pool-side bar , business centre ( you have to pay for the internet) .Would defintely recommend this hotel for business, short stays/ shopping expeditions. The food is great and the design is sleek. The bedrooms are the generic ' novation' design for all these newly built novotels.Would stay there once more if I return to Dubai.	
Oct 1 2007 	Not your average Novotel!	I stayed at this hotel for four nights in late September. The hotel offers a free shuttle from the airport.Expecting average Novotel fayre, I was amazed to feel the luxury as soon as I walked into the foyer upon arrival. Check in was handled fast and my room preference was honoured in full (low floor, non smoking). The room was excellent, very clean and a real new feeling about it (see photo's). Only slight downside is that I did have one or two technical difficulties. Firstly the Air Conditioning broke down but it was fixed within two hours. Secondly the in-room safe also broke down and was never fixed despite me repeatedly asking. Television channels cater for just about everyone - imagine travelling all that way from the UK to watch Midsomer Murders and Londons Burning!Leisure facilities consisted of outdoor pool and indoor gym as well as steam room. All were of a high standard and maintained spotlessly clean.Breakfast was included in my deal and trust me when I say you can get just about anything - if you don't see it, just ask the chef and he'll make it.Overall, top marks to one of the very best Novotel's I have ever stayed in.	
Sep 28 2007 	Going back for the second time	Stayed for a total of 9 nights... the hotel is very clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful.. the hotel offered free shuttle service to and from the airport every hour.. its centrally located... i am travelling to dubai again and have booked Novotel for our stay.. looking forward to a comfortable stay...	
Aug 29 2007 	No complaints	Spent one night in transit in Dubai and booked this hotel after a friend recommended it. We were very satisfied. It was immaculate, had a very nice breakfast, good service, reasonable price, etc. Would stay there again if I was passing through.	
Aug 3 2007 	Lovely hotel great location	We stayed here with our 6 year old daughter for a 2 night stop over on a trip to Australia. We got this hotel on a really cheap deal and we were very pleased with what we got. The hotel was lovely with a grand entrance and clean, comfortable rooms. The pool was really nice and the service at the pool fantastic! The location of the hotel was great too, a short distance to the HUGE shopping malls in a taxi, which, as someone else has commented on, were very cheap. We too visited the gold souk but found it a lot more expensive than we thought and we got really harrassed to buy something, which I really didn't like. The shopping malls are great : ) though. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone, we really enjoyed our stay there.	
Jul 31 2007 	Excellent hotel	Made a last minute booking for this hotel expecting normal Novotel fare. Got a very comfortable room in a hotel with excellent facilities - in a very modern hotel.Good value - worth staying in.	
Jul 28 2007 	Very Rude Staff	I stayed at the Novotel WTC Hotel from the 14th-20th July, the basic layout of the hotel is very nice but unfortunately the staff were not very helpful. When we arrived a member of the reception desk insisted that we had not paid for our reservation when we actually did, that took a good 10 minutes to resolve. NEVER go self catering as when we got to our room we had no Knife and Fork and it took a day to finally recieve it, but when they did they gave us 2 Knifes no fork!!. The hotel is way out so you need a Taxi to get everywhere INCLUDING Sheikh Al Zayed Road due to there not being any Zebra crossings and the emmense amount of work which was going on. One plus point was the Blues Bar very relaxing......if your elderly!!!! Sal, London	
Jul 25 2007 	Great stay in Dubai	The hotel has a free shuttle bus to and from the airport and to the malls and the beach from the hotel. The hotel itself is very nice and grand looking. The room was nice (we were a family with 2 teenage boys). and spacious. The staff were wonderful and caring. The pool was gorgeous. I was sad to leave.Nan	
Jun 30 2007 	Great stay!	I just returned yesterday from the Novotel world trade centre hotel. I went for a 7 day stay and would recommend this hotel to you all. In terms of hygiene the hotel was spotless, the staff were very friendly and also willing to help. The standard room is a good size, with a double bed and a sofa bed, so max 4 persons per room.I would recommend staying on floors 3-7 for a good view. I had a look at the view from the 13th floor and its not that great looking at the amount of construction going on.Bed and breakfast is quite costly at the hotel, so take your own cereals etc but beware, they charged us 2 pounds for a glass of milk and bowl! So the supermaket comes in handy here which is about a 8-10 min walk. A little complicated to explain to please ask if you would like to know.In terms of location it is just adequate. Lovely view of the emirates tower and close to the Sheikh Zayed road (main road in dubai) which makes is simpler to get from A to B. Being in the middle of the city centre, noise is NOT a problem but it is far from jumeirah, meena bazaar and some other attractions. Crossing the river (Abra) from meena bazaar to the old gold souk is a must! it costs 1 dirham per person which is around 10p. The hotel offers complimentery shuttle bus to mercato shopping centre, deira city centre, emirates mall (must see) and jumeriah beach park. One problem we had is that the bus is not always regular. We were dropped to jumeirah beach park and waited in the afternoon to return to the hotel but the bus didn't arrive as it depends on how many people are willing to go to the location. Taxi from there would cost around 20 dirhams (2 pounds 50p). DO NOT sit in the luxery taxis which you can get from outside the hotel unless you are willing to pay extra! The normal taxis are much cheaper and also very clean and safe. Dubai exhibition centre is right next door, where they have different sales going on (depending on time of year) and i was able to get a few bargains! Visiting the burg-al arab hotel is a must! it costs 250 dirhams each for tea (chepeast) but is really great!!! All food/drinks are refilled and i cannot explain how amazing it really is!Internet costs 1 pound for 5 minutes and then reduces to 1.20 after but if you are using it for an hour is can cost you 72 dirhams (10 pounds!!!). I would suggest going to sky towers by taxi (5 minutes from hotel). Also using the phone is expensive, so i would suggest buying a 20 dirhams phone card from the emirates shop in the exhibition centre, which you can walk through from the hotel without going out in the heat! (Good currency exchange next door to the shop too!)Another thing about desert safari. If you get sick easily then do not bother wasting your money! Luckily our driver stopped when a lady got sick in the car but i heard that some drivers do not bother to stop! The camel ride and HUGE bbq is amazing after the safari, with lots to choose from! This should cost around 180 dirhams per person or even less if you bargain.Overall i had a pleasant stay at the Novotel hotel. Well if anyone has any queries please contact me and i am willing to help.	
Jun 29 2007 	Another okay business hotel	Stayed three nights at the Novotel for business travel.Room was immaculate, bathroom clean and shiny, facility for tea or coffee in the room. The only thing I missed in the room was some drawers to put the socks in. Breakfast has everything to offer: full cooked english breakfast and all sorts of pastries, fruits, yogurt ... They might want to review the temperature of the food though. By the time you sit on a table ready to eat, the eggs, bacon and baked beans were cold.The hotel is located a bit off the hot spots, but you can easily and swiftly get a taxi.Hotel also has free shuttle service from and to the airport.	
May 21 2007 	Excellent Hotel	The Novotel in Dubai is a great little hotel. If you are spending your own money and not some giant corporation's, then you will appreciate the price/performance. It is a little out of the way but taxis are plentiful and cheap (we actually liked being somewhere a little off the track). The rooms are spotlessly clean and very well maintained. We have stayed here 2 times and we will stay there again (and again). If anyone from the Novotel chain is reading this, keep it up!!!	
May 1 2007 	Reviews are more or less accurate	No breakfast was included with my booking via Expedia but the good thing is that had it been i would have missed it each day as I woke up after 11am and they finished at 10:am.If you need a visa (foreign passport holders) and you are going to Dubai as an individual then DO NOT book this hotel (learnt the hard way). They said that they do it then after paying and booking they then said &quot;only for business persons not tourist visa&quot;We had paid for my husband and I and he was not able to travel so because of their error we wasted his airticket and part hotel costs!!Both hotel and Expedia have not paid the money back so be warned!!!Apart from that as he could not travel with me (i had to go alone) when he left msgs with the hotel or on voicemail I never got the msgs. First day they said they have vm probs so any msgs left on the system before the vm went down would have gone!!! and the second day they said i should have a msg under my door and showing on the tv. Firstly, i told them that i was watching tv and no msgs showing, and secondly that i was looking under my door and again no msgs there.All in all, no msgs recieved, which I think is 'Poor for a Business hotel'.ALSO, Card keys did not work had to be recoded, which is painful if after getting to the 11th floor having to go down to have it programmed and back up to the 11th floor.All in all though, I did have a word with the hotel mgr to see if they can do anything about the 'misadvice' and they appear to hear me out. Will let you and the WWW if nothing materialises there as if they did not misadvise then we would not have booked Dubai.Pleasant hotel and nice ambience. Room service is fast and had a reliable pickup service to/from airport and malls.	
Apr 17 2007 	A Solid Option for Dubai - Business or Pleasure	One of Novotel's finest, contemporary design blended with excellent service. We really like this hotel - good standard of rooms, excellent pool and a well equipped gym (as far as hotel gyms go). The restaurant was excellent - the buffet lunch really was excellent and outclassed the many other hotel restaurants we tried - including the Jumeirah Beach. The location worked really well for us and this was just a leisure trip - close enough to the beach but away from the building sites, but also close enough to the old town and the souks. The Emirates Towers are a short walk away and the views are stunning. Well recommended!	
Apr 5 2007	Enjoyable stay	My partner and I spent 3 enjoyable nights at the Novotel World Trade Centre in late January. We were booked into the Ibis next door but got moved due to an overbooking - which was good because we enjoyed the Novotel. We had a smooth check-in. Our room was spacious, clean and quiet. It was relatively well located - one night we walked to the Emirates Towers for cocktails on the 51st floor, and had shuttle buses going to the airport and main shopping centres, including the Mall of Emirates with the ski slopes. We didn't eat at the hotel so can't comment on the food.We managed to have an expensive buffet lunch at the mega luxurious Burj El Arab hotel - walking through the lobby and enjoying the lunch was one of the trip highlights. Navigating the gold souk was quite an experience, as was a cruise of a traditional dhow up and down the Creek. Dubai is full of hustle and bustle, with amazing developments everywhere.All in all, the Novetel was a good hotel to use a base in Dubai.	
Apr 3 2007	Very pleasant	I was pleased to see a review for this hotel just before we stayed there. I agree, there is little noise which was great. The staff were friendly and helpful. The pool is a good size. Thursday night seafood buffet is excellent value. Good position for getting around the whole area. Overall very nice 4* medium size hotel.Also recommend Big Bus Tour!	
Mar 16 2007 	Enjoyed the quiet	It was so good to experience a business hotel that was quiet.There was no noise from outside of the room either from traffic or from the corridor and most importantly no door banging. Why is it that so many hotels suffer the problem of doors banging yet this hotel can manage no noise at all.The public areas are smart and of course it is so handy for the Exhibition Centre. Of course you pay for that convenience but overall it was a very good experience.	
Feb 10 2007 	Excellent value	Stayed for 2 nights whilst attending a recruitment fair. Booke through lastminute.com and gained free breakfast over same holiday on expedia.Rooms good size, very clean, good range of tv channels etc. Miny bar reasonable as was room service.Breakfast good selection, clean plenty of choice.Definately 4 star business hotel quality.Evening meal was good quality and not expensive.Excellent location for the city.Would definately stay again.One flaw: Card keys did not work had to be recoded several times only ever got one of our 2 cards to work, this could have been annoying had we stayed for longer.	
Feb 3 2007	Losing appeal..	3rd year in a row I have stayed at the Novotel for 6 nights - due to a trade show at the exhibtion centre next door. Very disappointed this year with the staff, it all seemed to be new staff who lacked training. The prices are increasing but the service level is decreasing. Mmm, I will be looking elsewhere next year, even if it means a 15-30min taxi ride.	
Jan 31 2007	GREAT! Stay here and save your dirhams for the malls!	An economical, clean, modern, comfortable hotel central to shopping and and most sites. In any case, cab fares are very inexpensive in Dubai and we felt we saved a bundle by staying at this hotel. The free shuttle bus to the airport and malls was a bonus! The staff were exceptionally helpful and kind. Highly recommended. Oh yes- lovely bathrooms too!	
Jan 18 2007 	Nice Modern Cheap Stay	Nice hotel just a few minutes away from the main city centre and close to all the major shopping areas within dubai. Very clean and modern rooms with nice bathroom, good sized beds and pleasant views of emirates towers. Only problem for me was the lack of ironing board in the room which i had to keep requesting, but otherwise a perfect cheap stay and of good quality.	
Jan 10 2007 	Greeeeeeeat hotel and a bargain!	This hotel is absolutely fantastic! Service is great, has a really good jazz bar too. The stafff were so friendly and ready to meet any requirements. The building and rooms, hallway, corridor etc are modern and cosy. Air conditioning is top. Pool is a bit small but nethertheless still good. Rooms are all clean, and cleaned everyday and more often if you require! Shame the lack of storage lets the room down a bit but then again we visited for 6 nights. There is a safe in each room. Bathroom is fully equipped. I think it is a total bargain for the value compared to other hotels in dubai. Although it is a bit further out than some other hotels Dubai is very open and you will always need a cab to move around so it makes no difference. Cabs are very cheap too. There is a young oriental guy who worked there. If you need help ask him - he is a total gem. There wasn't anything he could not do for us. Highly recommended if you are after value!	
Jan 6 2007 	A good value option in the Sheikh Zayed Road area	This is a clean, modern, comfortable hotel in the Sheikh Zayed Road area of Dubai. Its best attributes are the interior design of both the lobby and rooms, and the large, heated swimming pool. The rooms are not large. I've stayed here several times, and the only complaint is that the front desk check-in and check-out is sometimes not very efficient, and the concierge not very knowledgeable about the city. Also, travelers should know that there is really no place to walk to from the hotel -- there are nearby hotels and restaurants that look close, but involve crossing an expressway or other obstacles.	
Nov 21 2006 	Quality hotel well located for trade fairs	I stayed 4 nights at the Novotel WTC Sunday 12 to Thursday 16 November 2006. I chose it as an Accor frequent guest cardholder as it was offering good value at AED 616 (about EUR 130) compared with some Dubai hotels costing twice that. According to its website, the hotel was full but I got a room by telephoning,The hotel with its sister Ibis hotel are integrated into the structure of the WTC convention building, and adjacent exhibition halls and would be a natural choice for trade fair exhibitors. The Fairmont is close by too. The Hotel is NOT a leisure hotel and the beaches are miles away. It is also on the opposite side of the Creek to most ministries and government bodies, and a 15 mins taxi ride (at least) to most. The Sheraton or Radisson on Deira side of the Creek might be better for that.My room 506 was spacious, with two firm beds, and well laid out bathroom.The ground floor restaurant had smoking and non-smoking areas. Used it twice and thought it good value, but did not have breakfast. I have stayed this year in Novotels in Accra, Valencia, Krakow and this is definitely a further step up in quality in its furnishings, hall, dining and staff service.The outdoor pool on ground floor but accessible from the first, was 15 m long and about 12 m wide. I used it at least once each day. Good changing facilities. One complaint is that although room literature said it was open at 0700, staff were still cleaning at 0700 and refused access until 0730 or 0745 - not good for a swim before work. Pool was in an inner courtyard and got sun 0900-1500. So limited use as sunbathing area.The hotel had a business centre, including several Internet terminals. These were pricey, costing AED 6 (EUR 1.25) for 5 minutes. In the cyber shops in downtown Bur Dubai, all were offering 1 HOUR for AED 3. So I used the hotel for emergency use only.Check in on arrival was very slow, and check out on departure was merely slow. On both occasions, I happened on a member of staff undergoing training.This is a good comfortable hotel but be sure you want to be at the trade fair location.	
Oct 30 2006 	Great for trade fairs in WTC	I visit Dubai each year for a trade fair held in WTC Dubai. The hotel and the exibition center are at the same building. The rooms and the food are nice. Since Dubai is so hot most of the year, staying in this hotel and reaching trade fair without going out is a very good advantage. All services are available for business travellers and the visitors are mostly business travellers. The hotel will surely be my first choice for future business trips to Dubai.	
Oct 4 2006 	Good Hotel for Business Traveller	Good centrally placed hotel, next to the conference centre. The pool is fine and the rooms are standard fare for a Novotel. The food in the restaurant is reasonably priced and of good quality. The bar has jazz on certian nights and can become quite lively. The shuttle buses they runs to the malls work very well. Overall a good middle of the road hotel - what you would expect from Novotel.	
Sep 30 2006 	Okay	My two adult children and I stayed in Dubai to thaw out and recover after 3 weeks in the UK during March. We arrived at the Hotel around 2.00 a.m., as we had booked and paid for this room some two months prior I expected a room to be ready and waiting for us. At 2.00 a.m. in the morning we had to wait for housekeeping to arrive to make-up the extra bed for my daughter - sorry I don't think that is good enough. At check-in I was asked if I wanted a smoking or non-smoking room - as we are non-smokers and I do have a slight allergy to smoke naturally I asked for a non-smoking room to be told they didn't have any! Why ask if they are not available. Told to come back down to reception in the morning and we would be given a non-smoking room. Next day, around 11.00 a.m. I asked for a non-smoking room to be told not available but to come back at 3.00 - which I did only to once again be told to come back at 5.00. At this point I asked if their definately was a room the reply being yes. At 5.00 once again I was told there wasn't a room, at this stage I was far from impressed and decided to mention my allergy - hey presto they found a room!!!!!Besides that small problem, we did enjoy our stay at the Novotel, most of our time spent relaxing around the pool. The area well patroled by friendly staff. We ate at the Hotel on several occassions and the buffet was enjoyable and after the UK very affordable. Would I stay there again - depends on the purpose of my visit - if for a 24-48 hour stopover yes. If we were planning on a holiday I would go to the beach area, only because it would be more practical.	
Sep 25 2006 	Good choice	Novotel is conveniently situated in the center of Dubai. The room's view of the two towers was amazing and the time we were staying there you could see the &quot;tallest building in the world&quot; developing. The hotel is very clean and the staff friendly. We did not hesitate to ask them about any information and I should highlight that there were always a taxi waiting outside the hotel. Unfortunately the room servise does not accept creditcards so make sure you have cash if you want to order something after midnight. Regarding the decoration, the rooms were comfortable with good choise of furniture exactly as they look in the pictures on their web page. The bathroom was more than I was expecting, lots of towels to use. The plumbing fixtures were modern in style and clean. As for the restaurant, it was carefully decorated with stylish accessories.Breakfast was various with many traditional dishes. We LOVED the omelette (the one you order the cook) you must try it! Unfortunately for smokers there is no smoking area during breakfast hours.So, to sum up, if you asked me, I would recomend this hotel to those that want to explore Dubai. I would stay there again in the future. I should underline here that I was happy to realise that air companies chose it for their staff to stay.	
Aug 24 2006	excellent choice for a brief stopover	I spent one day in Dubai on a stopover visit. My flight from Europe arrived at Dubai Airport just before 1am; my onwards flight left 26 hrs later at around 3am. The Novotel's free shuttlebus service between airport and hotel (and vice versa) was particularly convenient in my case. The check-in at 2am was swift and very courteous. When I mentioned that my plane was departing in the middle of the next night, I was given an extended check-out time until 5pm. This was hugely appreciated: it gave me a chance to catch up on sleep and rest some more during the day. The room was relatively small but spotless and comfortable. So was the bed. The buffet breakfast was excellent - wide choice, there was something for everybody, whatever the background and breakfast habit - many fresh things too. The Novotel seems to be a bit away from everything - not on the beach, not in the old city. For an extended holiday, people might be want to choose hotels that are are more conveniently located. But having said that, the Novotel also has a free shuttle service to Deira and to the beaches a few times per day. For a one-day stopover, the Novotel was absolutely ideal - not too pricey, good service - excellent value for money. A. Dehne, Melbourne, Australia	
Aug 23 2006 	A typical buseniss hotel.	Stayed in the Novotel World Trade Center for 1 week late May. I was on a bed and breakfast basis, and I got it for approx US$ 145 per night inclusive of taxes. The room is small but clean with contemporary furniture. The bathroom has a bathtub, although it was pretty small. Bed-wise it was little hard and low. There was a TV but with bad channel selection.The hotel is linked to the exhibition hall in Dubai World Trade Center through a walkway. I attended a couple of exhibitions that were running on the time I was there, could not resist the SPA exhibition!!Location wise it’s far from all the shopping places, but the hotel provides a shuttle to Deiara City Center, Burjuman shopping center, Merkato shopping center and the beach. The shuttle service is complementary and is being shared by its sister property Ibis World Trade Center.Breakfast was fine with good service, it was buffet style. My birthday coincided with my stay at the Novotel and I was presented with a cake celebrating this occasion. A nice touch.	
Jun 23 2006	It's not bad	I stayed at Novotel for 2 night...The Hotel is located at the begining of Shk.Zayed Road ....one of the prestgious streets in Dubai which is very popular of restaurants and luxury hotels. The location of the hotel itself is very ideal for discovering Dubai.The check in at the hotel took time...and the staff is not that much friendly....you don't see much smiles and they are a bit slow in completing the check in formalities...Speaking about the rooms...they are clean but beds are very small and low too!!! The beds should have been wider and higher to feel more comfortable. The cleanliness of the room is good and accepatable..however my pillowsheet had 2 stains on the other side,however all towels and other ameneites are very clean.The toliet is considered clean...but it's a bit small...there's isn't that much luxury touches in the toilet...basic amenties are available...There is one restaurant and one bar in the hotel...The restaurant serves buffet breakfast,Lunch and Dinner...The breakfast buffet is good..serving a wide selection of continental and american breakfast...but comparing with other hotels in Dubai...it should be better...cuz other hotels are servinga much richer breakfast wich much more selectionIn General a good hotel...Would recommend for buisness but not for a Vacation.	
Mar 29 2006	Absolutely great!	I stayed at this hotel during my last visit in Dubai on 8th March 2006. I visited with my sister and we chose to stay at the Novotel since this was more of a shopping trip than lounging around on the beach. The day we arrived we checked in at 9.30 in the morning and our room was ready. We were pleasantly surprised when we first walked into the lobby area of the hotel. The bedroom was lovely, very modern and very clean. Also had complimentary tea and coffee facilities together with fresh bottled water every morning and evening. The breakfast buffet was very good, lots of variety. The staff were really friendly and helpful always smiling. We tried this hotel as it was just at the last minute we decided to get up and go... In the past we have stayed in five star hotels on the beach. But, if you are out and about this is ideal in every way.... The location is great too. The view of Emirates Tower is lovely on an evening.... I would definately give it a try if you intend on going to Dubai spending a fortune on spas and shopping........Not expensive either.	
Feb 14 2006 	Good hotel.		
Dec 1 2005	Better than I thought.		
Sep 21 2005	Value for money		
Jul 26 2005 	Dodgy staff		
Jun 13 2005 	Well worth a stay		
May 29 2005	Great value		
Apr 27 2005	Don't stay in this hotel		
Apr 23 2005	Don't stay here		
Apr 1 2005 	Average hotel - but awful service		
Oct 15 2004	Unpretentious hotel good value for money		
Nov 7 2009 	appreciable		
Oct 14 2009 	Due notti a Dubai		
Oct 22 2008 	Das Novotel ist in Ordnung.		
Apr 1 2007	Qualité de service au rendez vous		
