Sep 11 2009 	A wonderful stay	It was a really good hotel.The rooms were spacious and well serviced and immaculately clean.The buffet meals were really good offering a variety of dishes including indian food and sea food.The only problem was that when we wanted to check out,they charged us for a chocolate saying that we had used the chocolate in the mini bar!!! The truth was that there was no chocolate in the mini bar when we had checked in.Anyway,this was the trick of the hotel and other passengers had faced the same problem.So just keep in mind to check all the items in the mini bar as soon as you arrive otherwise you have to pay for missing stuff.The hotel's location was quite good.It was close to the airport.We had no problem finding taxis.The swimming pool was also on the roof top and was worth using.There was also a gym that we didn't use.	
May 27 2009 	Not happy at all!	We arrived as a family of four at this hotel, did not realise it was in the middle of a construction site! We had already paid for two rooms through a website as it was better value. When we arrived the hotel said that they had no details of the payment and we had to pay again, As you can appreciate i was furious, but we did not have an alternative so we ended up paying again and it was over £800.00 more than we had already paid. My husband spoke to the management daily and at the end of our time there they refunded us, but we were short of £125.54! I am trying to get this money back. Would never stay there again or recommend it to my worst enemy.	
Mar 18 2008	Price watch	A group of us (6) checked into the hotel on Thursday morning around 6am -we checked out again on Sunday morning at 10am.I went to settle my bill and found to my horror that they had charged me for 4 nights stay.I asked why this was so - the receptionist stated because we had checked in early we had to pay for four nights instead of three.I asked to see the manager who stated that this was their policy.Eventually got it sorted. Hotel too far from other Dubai activities - place is like a building site.There is a note in the rooms to this effect. Concierge staff excellent .Dirty water in rooms - no tea and coffee making facilities - drinks in bar subject to 10 % municipal tax and 10% service charge- you only know when your bill is presented. Owner of hotel has 5 cars underneath his hotel - Aston Martin , Ferrari, Toyotal Prado etc.	
Feb 24 2008	Decent Place to Stay	Stayed at this hotel for 3nights/4days to attend a conference in Burj Al Arab Hotel last week. Seems like staying in a 3-4 star hotel . Rooms are not that spacious but functional. It has comfortable beds, adequate mini bar and an LCD television. Airconditioning was satisfactory. Breakfast buffet not bad but the coffee shop can be chaotic at times when hotel guests arrive at the same time. Staff are multi racial who provide decent service. The place however is quite far from the major attractions. Traffic during peak hours only make it worse. Over all satisfied with what the hotel can offer. For me it is not a bad choice whether it is for business or pleasure.	
Aug 22 2007 	Business Trip Dubai - Ramada Average 2.5*'s	Inadvertantly booked the Ramada Continental online, due to rates. Roughly $132 a night, inclusive of Internet Access and Breakfast, good deal for Dubai. Upon arrival, realized I'd stayed here the last time with tumultuous results. 1st Trip: My colleague and I arrived in Dubai after 14+ hours in Economy, from NYC. Had a few beverages at Blues and Cues (Sports Bar) on the Mezzanine Floor. Which, unfortunatley I happened to be staying directly above the bar. Loud, base felt in the bed, while sleeping. Ugh, breakfast included, but not until 6am, left at 5am. Horrble experience 1 Star. 2nd Trip - Inadvertant ReservationBooked 'em the 2nd time, because I didn't think, and didn't reckon it was the same place. They offer a shuttle service from the airport, which I highly recommend, saves you the 40+ DHM from the airport taxi, and they meet you right after customs in the arrivals hall. Check in was a pain, I'd reserved on Ramada.com, and got the $132 inclusive rate for Internet, Airport Transfer, and Breakfast, unfortunately most hotels charge you 100 - 125 dirhams for the Internet access, poor wireless at that. Argued that it was inclusive with my reservation, which I had to prove, rather than included in their reservation system. Watch out, they charge you for everything. After sorting out the Internet Challenge, and assuring a &quot;quiet room&quot; everything was smooth. No airport transfers before 6am, but a taxi at that time of the mornng is inexpensive comparatively. All in all, I'd rate the Ramada a 2.5 out of 5, C rating. Give you the basics, rooms are old, but clean, and the staff is nice. Unfortunately Customer Service is still being learned, as most are Philipino or Indian expats working here, still trying to learn the aspects of International Customer Service, though they are adamant about improving, and learning new skills. For a night/late/early meetings in Dubai, without all of the glitz, it's a pretty good bargain.	
Mar 22 2007 	It's alright not bad - but not for tourists	I stayed here on a business trip. I decided to come here as it was a shorter journey time to get to Burj Dubai then from the Jumeria beach hotels.I have stayed at a few of the beach hotels and this place is definately not to that standard but it is very good anyway. I was first of all very pleased with the excellent service from all staff I recieved here. Secondly, the rooms were very spacious, and functional, abeit a little dark.Thirdly the rooftop swimming pool and gym facilties is a nice touch. If I could only of taken a sickie that would be a perfect way to spend the whole day. The Hotel is very close to the airport the plane noise was a little loud on the rooftop, I live near London Heathrow so I did'nt mind.If I were a tourist and I was going to book this hotel, I would stop and look at other places closer to the tourist traps like Jemeria Beach. The reason being is your location, you have the Deira shopping areas close by and that about it, please book your trip closer to the beach areas.If your trip is for business purposes and you are based around the Bank Street, Burg Dubai or Deira areas then book this hotel now, it is a real find for business travellers.Well done Ramada.	
Mar 13 2007	Average hotel - bad location	This is an average hotel... i have stayed there for 5 nights. The rooms are spacious with average furniture, so are the bathrooms. However, the location is very bad.... it is very far from everything	
Feb 19 2007 	Very pleasant stay	Stayed at the Ramada Continental recently on business.Rooms are good size and immaculately clean and well serviced. Fresh fruit bowl, good mini bar and inoffensive 'corporate' decor.The hotel has a rooftop swimming pool, although sadly didn't get chance to try it out. Great for a sundown drink though.The Thai restaurant in the hotel is absolutely brilliant, the Indian restaurant is absolutely terrible.I had the worst curry I have ever tasted anywhere in the world.The foyer cafe was fantastic for lunch and breakfast.The hotel is close to the Gold Souk and the old parts of Dubai.I strongly suspect it is nowhere near as luxurious as the Jumeira hotels but I thought it was really very good.	
Feb 10 2006	WOW ! What a Great Find !	We arrived in Dubai via Abu Dhabi. Checked-in at 2300 and was welcomed with a fruit juice while we waited for our check-in to be completed. Very courtious staff and from the minuet out taxi arrived we were made to feel welcome. We booked two exec rooms and could not believe how big the rooms were when the door opened we relised we had struck gold. They were actually suites. Very Large bedroom with a lounge area attatched and two bathrooms. We cannot praise the staff enough I fly for a living and stay all over the world in 5 Star hotels and I can honestly say that I have never stayed somewhere where we were made to feel welcome all the time and it was genuine. The hotel has 5 restaurants and are priced very reasonably.The only thing about this hotel is that if you are on floor 1 depending where you are located you can hear the night club the floor below. It should not prove a problem as you can only generally hear a faint thud now and again but to be honest with you it is worth it to have the pleasure of staying in this wonderful hotel. Centrally located in Deira near the airport and only about a 10 min taxi ride away from the gold souk and creek. Taxi fares are metered so a rough guide would be around 25 dirs £3.50 and the drivers do not expect tips either. This hotel is not near any building work either the majority is at Jumeriah Beach. This is a wonderful city and must to see while the buildings are going up. Will not hesitate to stay here again. Hope you choose this hotel and have a great time.	
