Nov 22 2009 	everything is ok except	I was in Hyatt regency galleria on 14 November and everything is ok except:1-Slow dialup connection with expensive rate2-bad location with traffic jam	
Nov 5 2009 	Stopover	What an awesome experience !From checking in to checking out - everything was such a pleasure, the smiles, the courtesy.This is a centrally located hotel, within walking distance to the gold souk; it boasts an ice rink ....Have a look when next you're in Dubai; you'll be more than pleasantly surprised	
Sep 21 2009 	room too small for 2 people	I think this hotel is not a 5 star maybe 4 star or 3 star, The room a bit too small for 2 people suitable for single person , we cannot relax in room because it only have one seat, one bathrope and one pair slippers, Oh! the television very old fashion it must be about 20 years old we will not be back to this hotel	
Sep 18 2009 	It's not a Hyatt It's 3star hostel	Horrible hotel. Very dirty, stuffy, old. But it's very friendly staff and perfect breakfast.	
Sep 10 2009 	Out of the way but a modern and high-end	Great breakfast, clean rooms, everything was well designed in the modern, minimalist style. The lobby area is sophisticated, and the staff was very pleasant.Only comment is about the location - because it's out of the way, I wouldn't recommend this hotel to people who are new to Dubai, coming here for a short stay, or don't know anyone in the city because you'll be driving a long time (and in traffic!) for anywhere you want to go in Dubai.Dubai is a city with a great hotel culture, and its seems that every hotel wants to out-do the others in size, design and services. Hyatt Regency is understated, doesn't flaunt its ambiance, doesn't get caught up in the glitz, and remains a reliable place to stay.	
Aug 18 2009 	The best i have seen for a long time	Hyatt regency to me was a very good ,frindly hotel.I travel a lot ,and stay in many hotels, but it was a long time since i had stayed in a real hotel.Most hotels ,just carry the name and you find lots of weaknessBut hyatt was abseloutly perfect .I enjoyed my staying and i recommend this hotel to any body,who thinks that hotel is very important on traveling time.	
Jul 22 2009 	It was great	I truely enjoyed staying at this hotel. The staff was great. The rooms were clean. The service was great. We arrived at the hotel late after trying to find another hotel when all others were booked. The staff exetended out check out time to 4 pm instead of 12pm free or charge. I loved the fact the they have a full service spa and salon in the hotel, as well as a ice skating ring, night club, and mini mall. We had a great veiw on the 13th floor. The only thing I found a little odd was how the salon was set up. My husband and I wanted to get in the hot tub, but there was no co ed. On for the men and one for the ladies. It was still very nice. They had to hot tubs, a steam room, and a sauna. Very peaceful and relaxing.	
Jul 1 2009 	Choose a hotel on Jumieira beach location	Hotel was fairly good, not in that great a location, about 20 min drive to beach. The swimming pool was rather small, and poolside bar needed a more varied menu. The kitchen restaurant buffet food wasnt that great, preferred the coffee bar!! For a fraction of the price! Hotel offered an ice skating rink which was a good price. You need to get a taxi everywhere and the traffic is quite bad, it is where all the locals work. If you are visiting Dubai go to Jumieira beach end the hotels all have own private beaches and plenty of restaurants with shuffle buses to a lot of place, I recommend the Hilton Dubai Jumieira.Shuffle buses from the Hyatt were VERY limited, once a day and only go to city centre or beach at not very good times!	
Jun 15 2009	Good location	Very helpful hotel staff. A good and reliable Hyatt Regency. Definitely would consider it again.	
Jun 5 2009 	An absolute Hyatt Touch! Food Location 	The location of the hotel and the sophisticated Hyatt touch into the minute details in the making makes this my preferred hotel in Dubai. I have been frequenting this hotel since 2005 and due to the proximity to the Deira Gold Souq, a 10 minutes walk, makes this a very comfortable to work with. The three restaurants; FOCACCIA for Italian food, KITCHEN for Continental and an Iranian restaurants besides the independent sleek bar offers cuisine of highly exceptional quality. Focaccia Restaurant perhaps is the best Italian restaurant I have ever visited on the planet earth! Kitchen Restaurant offers good quality breakfast besides quality continental food. The utensils, cutlery and the accessories used are extremely classy and elegant with marked difference in comparison. The hotel has world class Spa and Health Club on level 4 offering usual health club facilities but in style along with tennis courts, heated but open swimming pool, Jacuzzi, steam, massage etc. The pool location is mind boggling facing the sea with huge area offering a pool side bar restaurant. The service standard and the courtesy level are superior and easily noticeable.I highly recommend this hotel in Dubai either for business or pleasure!	
Jun 3 2009 	A definate must to stay	We were treated like king and queen here. Everything was available at your finger tip including an amazing gym and pool area.Please take our word for it, this is one hotel you can't say NO to.....	
May 14 2009 	Truly memorable service	The people make the hotel. I've stayed at all three Hyatt's in Dubai and this is certainly the best for business (Park Hyatt for a romantic break) and if you can push the budget you MUST get a club room. The Club Lounge on 18th floor is staffed by a truly great team who greet you like very special friends.	
May 7 2009 	Good hotel	Good hotel. Friendly staff. Location good - close to the old town (alive with local activity. Not touristy). Next time would stay closer to Dubai Creek, eg. Sheraton (more central).	
May 5 2009 	Clean and Friendly but a little out of the way and like most of Dubai expensive.	After a short trip (20 mins) from airport, we arrived in the early hours to be met by some friendly reception staff who quickly sorted our room. We decided to upgrade to the executive level (£60 per night extra). This actually proved to be a good investment as it gave us access to the executive lounge where we had free soft drinks and snacks all day, free internet access and free alcohol and a light buffet from 6 till 8 in the evening.The room was a good size with good views over the sea front though the base of the Deira Palm is in full view (All work has stopped due to the economic crisis). The beds were large and comfortable. The Bathroom, which had a seperate bath and shower, was clean and well stocked with toiletries. A free local English language newspaper was delivered each morning.Breakfast was very good with a large selection of hot and cold fare. Again the staff -definately the hotels strong point - were very helpful always smiling, ready to top up your cup almost before it was empty. The local taxis are excellent value but beware of the private (None Yellow) ones as they are very expensive and can be double the fare of a Local one.	
Apr 21 2009	Good Customer Service 	Good Ambience &amp; Customer Service, Excellent View from the Hotel, NO transport to Emirates Mall which should be taken care by the hotel as emirates mall is too far from the hotel	
Apr 16 2009 	Hyatt Dubai	Great place to stay. If travelling with family, I suggest to take a 2 bedroom apartment called Galleria Apartments. One can enjoy the Ice skating and the night club located at the ground floor	
Apr 1 2009 	It's a Hyatt.	In most other cities in the world, this would probably rank higher than it's current position on trip advisor, but being in Dubai it probably isn't surprising that it has been overlooked. Okay so it isn't as imposing as its sister hotel the Grand Hyatt, nor is it as chic as the park hyatt, but if you're in Dubai and want quality accomodation, great service and a convenient location (at a price that is still reasonable) then the Hyatt regency deserves a look. Rooms are clean large modern, and offer great views. The restaurants were all good, the revolving restaurant on top of the hotel is great for buffet dinners with friends, and wiling away evenings. The hotel is probably more of a business hotel than one for tourists, but is very conveniently located for getting around Dubai. Staff were professional, and upon checkout I didn't feel like I had a gun in back when handing over my credit card!	
Mar 8 2009 	Cooler than outside	Dubai is a strange place to visit and this was my fourth visit over the last fifteen years. This Hyatt of the range available in Dubai is at the mid level price range for this up market chain. Most hotels in Dubai are in general overpriced and this is no exception. This is not a tourist hotel but is well occupied with business men mostly from India and Pakistan and Europe.The hotel is Westernized as is most commercial space in the Dubai emirate. The standard is high and the eating places are varied and never busy. The mezzanine bar is attractive and sells both alcoholic and non alcoholic drinks. In a reverse of most countries and in keeping with the Islamic arab tradition non alcoholic drinks are the more expensive option and to my palate taste a lot better than cheap watery Indian beer!I dined in three of the restaurants, italian; the ground floor bistro and the rotating main restaurant on the roof. The former two are not to bad and acceptably priced the latter is for the guest to pay for! The roof rotation is very gentle and mildly entertaining. The Dubai tower is quite a picture at night. The food in this high cost option is average and unfortunately served as a buffet. The choice is wide but to be frank the cost is excessive. While our party dined there was a dreadful noise from an attached disco/nightclub. Obviously these would be very rare in an Arab country as women are not allowed out so most in attendance presumably were visitors staying in the hotel. The music was way too loud as were some of the visitors. I was not sure what the managers wanted to achieve here, either diners take precedence and reasonable quiet is required to allow speech or they are making a break with local cultural norms and want to party. Either is of course fine but make your mind up chaps!Rooms in this hotel are pretty much the standard one would expect. They cost a lot and they are fully up to the charging. The hotel is isolated and walking outside even at night is far too hot in all but the winter months. I made a mistake of walking around a mile in the late afternoon and ruined a suit with sweat. The gym is good but very busy until mid evening.	
Feb 20 2009 	Old Dubai hotel	In the city of the thousands of hype hotel, the Hyatt Regency looks very old. Build before the Dubai boom it is the the &quot;old&quot; part of the city, at least half an hour drive from every point of interest (if any) in Dubai (i-e: shopping malls), small room (although clean), only 4 elevators for a full hotel (19 floors) ends up in long waiting times in the elevator bank. A very small swiming pool (in a city where temperatures reach more than 50 C° in summer) and an old gym. As far as service is concerned be aware that they will try everything they can to up-sell you (club...)Another thing: becaus ethe hotel is far from the shooping malls ect.. you will have to wait long-time to get a cab (you may be bound to order an hotel limousine)	
Feb 16 2009	Would Gladly Return	A fine hotel offering good value for money in Dubai. It's not glitzy. But everything works well. The health club is excellent. The pool was pleasantly warm in the winter (not always the case in 5 * hotels in the Gulf.) The staff were extraordinarily welcoming. The Club Floor offers good value -- for the additional cost, one get airport transfers, breakfast, internet (in the Club lounge), and cocktails. This is a functional hotel that functions well. It's not a glamor spot. Not one of the flashy new places in Dubai. But it's a great place to stay and relax and from which to venure.	
Feb 14 2009 	Absolutely brilliant !	My sister and I had the most amazing stay at the hotel. The staff were incredibly helpful and nothing was too much trouble. We found the room to be ideal, it was quiet and clean. I would absolutely stay there again if I'm ever lucky enough.	
Jan 21 2009 	Good Stopping over point	A comfortable functional hotel good for business travellers rather than just a holiday hotel. Reasonable restaurants and central to attractions.	
Dec 16 2008 	beautiful hotel but...	We stayed at the Regency for 3 nights.The hotel is located near the old part of the city .What is nice about it is that is renovated,and the staff is very helpful .The rooms are big and of course clean.We had a lot of requests and everyone was welcome to help us at any time.The swimming pool area is not impressive but the bar is ok.The japanese restaurant Miyako was excellent and one of the best in the city! Also i recommend the Al Dawaar the revolving restaurant but go during the night time the views are beautiful.The only problem that we had was that you have to wait in line for a taxi and it might take a while to get one.And sometimes the taxis don't want to take you back to the hotel because of traffic, so here is a tip you can write down the car plates and he can have some serious problems.If you decide to take the black lexus in front of the hotel make sure to ask the price before you get it.	
Oct 7 2008 	Loved The Regency	We Arrived early morning and were delighted to be given our room key immediately. Our room had a beautiful view of the Creek and pool area. The sun rises and shines on the pool area until about 2pm then the area becomes fully shaded. Hotel supplied unlimited bottled water free of charge. Mini Bar was not electronic which meant we could use it to keep our water chilled in it. Hotelopia supplied a wonderful price 4 nights was just under £500 and this included full Buffet Breakfast each morning. 10 minutes walk from the hotel is the wonderful Gold Souk and many more attraction areas. We discovered the best way to sight see was by Air-Conditioned Taxi, they are extremely cheap and drop you door to door. The Big Bus tour is not recommended. The only down fall within the hotel is the Guest Relations Department, every question they were asked they had to phone for an answer. Make sure you use the registered taxis and not the private ones who the doormen at the hotel know. This is a great hotel in a fab location, should I visit Dubai again without Doubt I will stay in the Regency,	
Sep 1 2008 	Excellent Hotel but something missing!	We stayed at the Hyatt for 1 night, as part of our Honeymoon trip. On first impressions the Hyatt looked excellent, with a welcoming concierge and a great looking lobby, however when checking in the receptionist staff were a little too pushy to upgrade us, which made us feel a little uncomfortable after a long flight. As we were on Honeymoon we expected a free upgrade, they did say they will upgrade us as we were honeymooners but we would have to pay for this, charming. Must say the room we had was excellent, it was a large room, with a large marbled bathroom, good view of the gulf and with good entertainment (music/tv) facilities. One thing I liked was that we were able to select a music channel from the TV set and have this played through the speakers in the bathroom, which was relaxing when having a shower/bath. We did eat at the revolving restaurant during the day, which I must say was an experience - very good indeed. The layout of the restaurant was excellent, and the food was just sublime, with a great choice. We also ate at the Shazaad restaurant during the evening, which although had excellent dishes (mixed grills/kebabs) lacked any form of atmosphere. The restaurant was pretty much empty - and the entertainment they had (local singer and band) was OK, not what I expected. We also tried the club in the Hotel, which I must say was full of business men looking for young ladies - not what you want. However the music was good. We ended up going to the Trilogy nightclub, which was at the Madinat Jumeirah, this was out of this world. Great club, great house music and the crowd were a mixed bunch - very friendly. The only downfall was the price of drinks!All in all, although we had a good time, had an excellent room and the amenities of the hotel were good, there was something missing from the Hyatt. Maybe it seemed too much of a business hotel or the customer services were not as good or the location of the hotel was not that great, being in down-town, but there was something missing – which I think may just be the atmosphere. No real atmosphere at all I felt. .	
Mar 20 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	A fantastic hotel. Excellent service, excellent food &amp; excellent rooms. I stayed there for a conference and couldn't find any fault at all with the hotel. Will definitely stay there again.	
Feb 29 2008	Great Great Great	This hotel made our holiday five star!! The staff are so friendly and helpful and you do not want for anything. They will even go and check what the weather is going to be like if you ask them. The hotel is amazing and the rooms are excellent quality and were cleaned twice a day if you did not put your do not disturb sign on. We had an early morning flight but checking in was no problem and our room was avaliable straight away. Due to all the construction in dubai, you will alway have a crane for your view but we also had the mouth of dubai creek and the skyline was amazing at night. Best of all was the food. The hotel has 6 different restuarants, the best being the revolving one on the 21st floor, with a fantastic buffet offering you food from all over the world, but I also enjoyed another resturant called the Kitchen. I would also recommend the Spa for a massage as it really relaxes you. The only disadvantage is that you cannot lay by the pool later than 2pm but they cater for that by having a sun deck, which is just as good, you can order your drinks and food by the phone nad they will bring this to you as well.Location wise we found this perfect, 15 min walk from the gold souk and everywhere else is no longer than a 30 min taxi, and taxis are very cheap. The bar was very busy when we stayed but i am already looking to stay here again next year!!!	
Feb 21 2008 	Great hotel in walking distance to the souks	We stayed for 2 nights in a Regency Club room. All hotels in Dubai are expensive - and given that you can only drink in a hotel bar, this was a good option, as evening drinks were included. The lounge included supper, breakfast, 3 pcs with internet connection, newspapers etc.Check in was very smooth and quick, and staff were always very attentive. The room was big and well equipped with a good view. A negative was an annoying glass panel which allowed light from the bathroom into the bedroom.The hotel is within walking distance from the gold souk, creek, old city etc.	
Dec 26 2007 	Great Hotel - Not so great location	After arriving at the hotel at 7.30am off an 8 hour flight It was such a relief to be checked in an shown to our rooms with no fuss about the early check in time. I found the rooms very spacious and clean with views over the ocean in the distance - one of our rooms overlooked the building site of one of the palm islands which was interesting to see - there was no noise from that. I realise that this is primarily a business hotel and not a resort type of hotel, the location is within walking distance (a fair way) of the creek and the gold souks - taking a taxi from the hotel towards the Madinat etc is very frustrating and time consuming as the traffic in the vicinity of the hotel is very slow and heavy. The shopping centre attached to the hotel is not worth a visit - there is an ice rink in the centre, but when we took a walk around there was no one using it and the shops were very basic in comparison to all the other very impressive malls in Dubai. The business centre is efficient and the breakfast choice was quite wide. In general the staff were helpfull and eager to please.	
Nov 28 2007 	Excellent!!	The hotel, room, service, food, everything was absolutely great!!! I would definetely go back. The location is also very good, is close to all main tourist places.	
Oct 18 2007 	Bad Customer Service	I arrived to the Hyatt Regency Dubai on Oct 16, 2007. I was very disappointed. We were not treated friendly at all. I only stayed there for one night and I felt that I was prisoner in my own hotel room. I didn't want to come out because everyone was so mean. To make matters worst. I had extended my stay when I first arrived. All of a sudden, someone keep disturbing me by call my phone over and over. When I finally answered, it was the front desk, tell me that I had 15 minutes to get out of the room because the had other guest waiting for the room. I was in shock. I explained that I had an extension but they still told me to leave. This was my first time staying at the Hyatt and was not impressed at all.	
Oct 3 2007 	Good and Bad	This hotel had some really good points - excellent checkin, nice room ,helpful staff and some really bad points - booked a package including breakfasts - charged for them, dont bother with the revolving restruant expensive and very ordinary. Pool area is not good have much better at home.This is not a hotel for the holidaying family but it is a convenient base for a short stay - close to airport, shuttle to nearby mall, good tour desk - i recommend the desert safari one of the best things we did in Dubai and close to the gold souk and then a ride accross the creek.	
Aug 2 2007 	Nice hotel but don't stay there if you are on holiday!	Nice rooms but... I was there in May, there was no sun at the swimming pool after 2 or 3pm, as it is hidden behind the hotel building. The bar is beautiful but empty and REALLY boring...Would go back if I was on business, will definitely not go back there for holidays!!!	
Jul 13 2007 	Nice hotel shame about the food	This is a nice hotel with large room and fantastic views of the creek . The toiletries supplied were rather cheap for a club roomand there was no clock radio as advertised. Also the promised fruit basket only arrived once not everyday as advertised.The club lounge was nice with drinks between 1800 and 2000. The staff were all really nice but the only drawback was the food. It was awful. we tried different outlets and they were all bad. The breakfast buffet had very little choice and the hot food was always cold. I read another review saying they had about 10 fresh squeezed juices well when we were there there was never more than 4 and they were poured out of plastic bottles! There were no shuttle buses supplied to any of the shopping malls though taxis were plentiful.I wouldn't return to this hotel solely because the food was so awful. I have had better food in a 3 star hotel and this was the worst ever in a 5 star hotel.	
Jul 13 2007 	Good price - fantastic hotel	View of persian gulf fantastic. Great room. 5* qualtiy but as I was in summer I got a great price. Location is fine but in summer it was a bit hot for me to walk any distance. As you would expect Hotel ammenities were great and service excellent. Hotel efficiently arranged several trips for me.	
Jun 25 2007 	For business travellers only!	Well you wont find a cheaper 5 star hotel in dubai thats for sure. however the hotel is poorly located unless you have you're own car, want to take taxis everywhere you go or are just here for buisness meetings, in which case it's perfect.Good points - The rooms are great, lots of space, comfy bed, large tv with a good choice of tv channels. air-con here is great. The mainhotel is very stylish and a good place to people watch.Bad points - The fresh fruit in my room however was rotten. the hotelseems to sneakily put 20% on top of everyhting they charge (even the hotel room) so be careful and read the fine print! Also, if you're onmore of a budget there is a small and extrremley cheap well stocked supermarket attached to the hotel complex. a can of coke here will cost you 3 durrahms compared with 16 from the mini bar! so makes sense to nip down there and stock up for you're stay! There is also asmall bakery nearby, this is great for a cheap breakfast as well. i had their 'bread basket' including croisants etc on the first night and this was of very poor quality not to mention expensive. i would give this 3 stars and a half stars if i could. This is my second staybut i think i will choose an alternative for my next stay.	
Jun 18 2007 	Top Class Hotel with service to match	We originally booked another hotel in Dubai but changed following TA reviewers advised that it had been surrounded by building works.This resulted in more TA research and the decision to book the Hyatt and a Club floor room which included an Airport pickup and other access to club floor lounge. We were not disappointed one bit, in true Hyatt style this hotel delivers the goods in all respects. Whilst some reviewers have found its location out of the way, for us it was perfect as it provided great view over the Gulf back to the City from our room. It is easy 10 minute walking distance to the Gold Souk , 5 minutes to Fish Souk and 20 minutes to wharf area where you can take a relaxing tour of the creek on one of the many small boats waiting.The Club Floor provides great value and the service provided by the attentive staff is the best that we have ever experienced and enjoyed in any Hotel in the world.In a city that has a Grand Hyatt and a Park Hyatt as well ensures that the Hyatt Regency staff look after you well so that you don't get tempted to stray on your next visit. Eating options are many and good quality, we ate at the Italian Focaccia one night and had a good meal with service and ambiance to match. We also recommend the revolving restaurant on the 25th floor which serves a good buffet and views of Dubai. The bar is also an enjoyable place to have a quiet drink and enjoy a great view over the gulf,Overall we could not fault the Hyatt and if your budget allows pay a bit extra and enjoy the benefits of the Club Floor Room.	
Jun 7 2007 	Superb Hotel Despite Traffic Snarls	I booked my stay through Emirates Airlines. There is much that is outstanding about the hotel. The room was huge, luxurious wiht a beautiful view of Dubai and the water nearby. The food was excellent and the coffees and hot chocolates to die for. Service at The Kitchen Restaurant was exceptional. The breakfast buffet in The Kitchen Restaurant, which was included in the room, rate was ample. After having breakfast, I was rarely hungry before 8 PM and then I only needed a light snack. As a result, I didn't get to try the revolving restaurant on the top floor for which this hotel is noted. Service was good and the staff did their best to help me with some snags regarding changing my return reservation.Adjoining the hotel is a small shopping centre which includes a disco and, believe it or not, an ice skating rink. The hotel staff did not tell me but I discovered a coffee shop upstairs where you could pick up your e-mail at a fraction of the cost of the hotel business centre. There is also a bank downstairs and money changing facility upstairs where you can get a more favourable exchange rate for your money than the hotel offers.You can book desert safaris (not to be missed) and other tours at the hotel and a shuttle will come to pick you up.The hotel is conveniently located within walking distance of some important historical sites. Nearby, you will find the gold souk and the Heritage Village which includes the Sheikh Saeed Al-Maktoum’s House, one of the oldest in Dubai and an example of traditional Dubai architecture. Unfortunately, due to the traffic pattern and underpasses, it can take 10 - 15 minutes to walk over there. Save it for a pleasant stroll in the cool of the evening. In fact the traffic was the only drawback to this location. I realize that Dubai has grown very rapidly and is undergoing a construction boom. It will take time for the transportation system to catch up. Shopping is not nearby so you wil have to take a taxi. I was there during the January shopping month and the wait for taxis was LONG at times. If shopping is a major interest, you may want to stay at a beach location close to the Mall of the Emirates (where there is even believe it or not an indoor ski hill) for 2 or 3 nights for easier access. Most of the beach hotels offer regular shuttles to the mall so this will make shopping easier and give you a chance to unwind at the beach before you fly home.One thing that is unique about this hotel is that you can take a 15 minute stroll to a local, really mult-cultural community, sample cuisine from around the world, including Ethiopian, and see the diversity that is beginning to unfold in this city. It's a side of Dubai you may not see if you stay in other areas. Other than the taxi situation and the distance from some of the major shopping malls, I highly recommend this hotel.	
Jun 7 2007	All round winner!	There is some confusion on this website - we stayed at the Hyatt Regency not the Grand Hyatt (which is on the pictures). We had an excellent holiday at the Hyatt Regency as it is a very well run hotel, plenty of staff who are friendly and helpful. The pool area was nice (some overhead plane noise) but generally uncrowded and safe for children too. Breakfast was really good with lots of choice and variety - I especially liked the freshly squeezed juices (about 10 varieties!). The rooms were spotless and the bathroom decor was very modern and everywhere was clean!!The revolving restaurant on the top floor is a must, as the views and food are fab.. although watch out as it does become quite expensive! We also tried the Iranian restaurant which is also superb, I recommend finishing the meal off with a sheesha pipe by the live music! Great! Overall a really excellent hotel. The location is not bad, although we generally had to get a taxi to most places so that can mount up. I would definitely return to this hotel as I definitely recommend it.	
Mar 29 2007 	Luxury all the way	I travelled to Dubai for 10 days with my husband for a relaxing break from 11th March to 21st March. Having only decided to travel at the last minute decided to stick with the Hyatt brand as we had stayed in the Grand Hyatt last year for 5 nights. This hotel is in a central area and overlooks the persian gulf with fantastic views of the city. We had booked an executive room and were picked up at the airport by the hotel. On arrival check in was quick and efficient. We originally got a room on the 16th floor but after 2 days we realised we both were disappointed with the size of the room as in the Grand Hyatt the rooms were much bigger. We arranged to upgrade to a suite for an additional charge and boy did we notice the difference in size. The rooms were much bigger and more luxurious and I would recommend it if it's within your budget. We were on the top floor (20) and the views were fantastic. All the usual facilities in the room with fresh fruit, plenty of water and Molton Brown bath amenities. The shower was very large in size and strong. Beds are extremely comfortable and we had both linens and robes changed daily.The service in the hotel is excellent. In the lounge where you can have a buffet breakfast, nothing is too much trouble for them. In the evening over drinks they will chat to you if you wish or leave you alone if you want. They organised a couple of outings for us and certainly should be mentioned as a reason people would return to the hotel. Other services we used like laundry and room service were equally good and efficient.We eat in the &quot;kitchen restaurant&quot; for breakfast most mornings where a hot buffet is provided with more variety, again very good service and choice.We tried a number of the restaurants in the hotel, the Italian is excellent as is the Iranian restaurant - please try is as we seemed to be the only european visitors to it the evening we went but the food is brilliant and the live singers are also a nice distraction. Try the lamb chops!We also eat in the Revolving restaurant on the 25th floor on three evenings. It is fantastic value and brilliant food, the choices can not be described to you there were so many - it is a buffet meal and if you like large portions you can go fill your plate as many times as you like! Also very reasonable - only €45 per person.The revolving takes about an hour so you see the whole city in it's glory , try to get a seat on the lower deck as you can see everything with nothing hindering your view. Our one negative about the hotel is the swimming pool, it is very small and goes into the shade from about 2pm each day, you then need to move to the sun deck with no pool only a large shower if you want to stay sitting in the sun. There were always enough beds for everyone and the service again was excellent with regard to towels and drinks.The gym is very big and spacious and has everything you could possibly need, we went every day as we like to work out and if you like this sort of thing it is perfect.Shopping is very close to the hotel, short taxi ride or you can walk to the gold souk in 10 minutes. There is also a small shopping centre attached to the hotel with an ice skating rink. The Deira City Centre Shopping mall was the best one we found but beware of the long taxi queues when leaving, avoid the Thursday evening/Friday as it is worse then.This was our third visit to Dubai and it improves each time. We have found that the price of food and drink and taxis seems to be going down rather than up as we definitely found it cheaper this time around.If you want pure luxury and an extremely large pool and facilities for kids then choose the Grand Hyatt but if you are looking for a relaxing break with excellent service and high quality food then choose the Regency Hyatt.We will definitely go back.	
Mar 2 2007 	What a transformation!!	There seems to be some confusion on the Tripadvisor web site. This review is about the older Hyatt Regency on the corniche - NOT the Hyatt Grand which seems to be shown in the pictures. I'd stayed at the Regency on a few occsions in the past when weekending over from Muscat. When taking my wife and son back to Dubai in January I'd decided the hotel from past visits to be a little run down and out of date so booked into the Dusit instead (a mistake!). However on taking my son to the ice skating rink at the Regency I was amazed at the transformation a makeover had made. So much so in fact that we booked to stay there 3 nights in February. What a fantastic change this hotel has gone through. This goes from the lobby, through to the relocated (and vastly improved bar) into the rooms. Staff were courteous and helpful at all times. Location of course is away from the 'new' Dubai but easier to get to the airport. Pool as always is a bit square and goes into the shade in the afternoon. My wife says that on the plus side its only a walk away from the gold souk! Would be my hotel of choice - if I had't stayed at the Hyatt Grand leter in the week!	
Dec 15 2006	Excellent	Stayed there for three days....I loved the views,hotel.....and especially the service l was provided by the waiters...it was at night and the were very proffessional..Well done Hyatt..l'll definely recommend everyone there.	
Dec 8 2006 	Good business hotel but location not ideal	Third stay at the Hyatt Regency Dubai and a pleasant stay as always. Very friendly staff, rooms are clean if a bit unexciting but they have everything required for a business stay (not that I do much work in my room....). Nice bathroom. Good meal to be had in the Japanese restaurant. The one drawback was the 30 minute wait for a taxi in the morning. In future visits to Dubai I will either book a car the night before or look to stay closer to town in somewhere like the SAS Radisson or Sheraton Dubai Creek.	
Nov 14 2006 	Excellent hotel	This hotel is perfectly located near the sea in the heart of Dubai with excellent views over Sharjah on east, Sheikh Zayed Road and Jumeirah Beach even to Burj Al Arab on West. Al Mamzar beach is located towards Sharjah and only 15min away by taxi and the water is warm and clean. The staff of the hotel is very helpful to the point they even removed a family of noisy Russians with a small baby they kept waking me up. You go to sleep and wake up with an excellent view over the city if you ask the reception to put you in a west viewing room. One thing I must complain is the non-metered taxi that operates outside the hotel and that charges double than a metered taxi. The hotel cannot take any action against this rude and nasty individual, so do take care and avoid non-metered taxis. Appart from that all indians I spoke with, they all want to come to London and if you use some 6-7 taxis per day be nice to them. They will even tell you nasty stories that happened to these poor guys in Saudi Arabia.Shopping is cheap in Dubai and lots of shopping centres, some show off and expensive some good value for money. Burj Al Arab is some 20 min away from the city and need to book well in advance a table and go there with your confirmation, however is packed with loud and show off English and Australians.	
Nov 5 2006	Wonderfull views	We ate dinner at the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Dubai at their revolving restaurant. The views are out of this world. The food is very good and is buffet style so you can eat as much as you like. The choice was excellent covering a range of hot and cold dishes with wonderfull desserts. Please try the American prime rib roast beef with the gravy it was the best we ever tasted and my husband had four helpings.	
Oct 30 2006 	Good but be aware!	We have just returnded from an 8 night stay and i hope i have provided here a fair review to help other travellers. The hotel is very nice, rooms are excellent, clean and spaceous. The reception area is an open souless place with none of the touches that make Dubai's 5 star hotels outstanding (this is our 7th hotel in Dubai). The photo supplied by trip advisor above is the Grand Hyatt Dubai, so don't be misled, go on the hotel website for the photos.We had some little niggles that the hotel could not/ would not resolve, they put our 15 year old son at the opposite end of the corridor to us despite requests both, before and during the stay for rooms close together and the hotel was not full. We could not get a late check out beyond 2pm our flight was at 1am. A big draw back for us the pool only has sunlight until lunch time after that it's completely in the shade so no good for sun lovers or if you want a bit of sun after a day out. If you've got kids the mini golf is £3 each, pitch and putt £5 each, tennis raquet hire £1.50, ice skating £5. not a lot but it does add up if you're on a budget. We've stayed 5* before and these type of things are usually free.The hotel is far out but you can get taxis cheaply and you are away from the major construction, the walk to the gold souk is along a very busy road not suitable for young kids.Do not take the hotel shuttle bus to Mamzar beach it's awful - full of litter and you can't even buy shade, we went, paid to get in and came straight back. You can use the facilities at the Grand Hyatt, they have a beautiful pool set in gardens, definately worth a day out while you're there we have stayed there so know how good it is. The staff and service are good, rooms cleaned at least twice a day. We only ate in the &quot;Kitchen&quot; restaurant food was very good and not too expensive. This hotel is an average 5* , we would not stay again only because we know there are better 5* hotels within this price range. We paid £103 per night for the double room and £86 for the single, booked through Hyatt.com for the best rate.	
Oct 18 2006 	Amazing!	I have just got back from the Hyatt Regency after staying here for a week with my family. I had the most amazing time and the hotel is lovely. Yes there are quite a lot of businessmen but there are in many hotels in dubai. The reception staff are very efficient and helpful, we arrived early morning, not expecting to check in till 2 o clock but were alllowed straight into our rooms which was great after a long night flight. The club olympus includes everything from a gym to table tennis and squash. The pool is a decent size and there was always sunbeds. The sun deck also has plenty of beds. There are plebty of eateries and we dined twice at Al Dawaar, which i personally thought was lovely so ignore reviews. The gold souk is only about 5dhs in a taxi and is a wonderful experience. You must bartar because they dropped a gold bracelet down from £2200 to £900! Here you can get an abra across the creek and experience cheap shopping and lovely waterside restaurants. The boardwalk is also a must and includes great restaurants. Wild Wadi Waterpark is a must as they have flumes which actually go up instead of down which is definately different!! Here you also get great views of jumeirah beach and the burj al arab. We went for a meal at the burj (must pre book) which was a once in a lifetime experience, it was beautiful. I would definately rather stay at the hyatt rather than jumeirah end as there is a lot of building work and not a lot to do within the area. Being close to the creek was a lot more enjoyable. I would go back tomorrow if i could!	
Oct 17 2006 	First Class Hotel	We have just returned from a 6 day trip to Dubai where we stayed at the Hyatt Regency. A lot of review sites said it was a great hotel but a poor location. I have to disagree - it is a fair way from the beaches and construction sites of Dubai but is in walking distance to the Gold and Spice souks and a short cab ride (which are cheap) to most of the old Town on both sides of the creek. The hotel was spotless, the staff very helpful and the rooms were spacious, clean and modern. I am fussy and we could not fault it.The hotel has some of great restaurants including a 25 storey revolving restaurant serving buffet style food, fabulous Italian and the Kitchen - serving meals all day including a clay oven cooking.The hotel was great value and the location although a fair way from the beaches offered easy access to most other areas by Cab, including 15 mins to the airport.	
Oct 8 2006 	Wonderfully grand	It was my first trip to Dubai so thought I'd treat myself with a nice hotel and the Hyatt didn't let me down. It is a large and not very attractive building from the outside but when you enter the lobby you realise what's ahead. The check-in staff were superb and noticed I had a late flight onto Colombo at the end of my stay so organised a late check-out for me. The room was outstanding; plenty of space, huge bathroom, nice view out towards where they are building 'The World'. Used one of the hotel's eating places - there are plenty - and wish I'd been told when I started that dessert was free with a main course as there was a table filled with all manner of chocolate dishes and a chocolate fountain where you could stand and help yourself! Very impressed and would stay again, especially if there was a special rate available.	
Jul 30 2006 	Everything you expect from the Hyatt!	After three weeks of travelling around the region I just wanted something comfortable to stay in for two nights before going back home. I was very pleased with the suggestion of the travel agency in the airport arrivals hall to stay at the Hyatt Regency. (not to mention the excellent last minute deal they got for it!)This hotel is a little further north than a lot of the newer ones, situated in the older part of dubai. But it is extremely close to the Gold Soukh. If you want to be close to the beaches and the newer Dubai Marina area then this is not the place for you. But otherwise, this is a top quality hotel with everything you would expect from a five star establishment.It is a very modern, contemporary design so I can see how the rooms seem a little sparse to some. It is nice that they actually thought to put a lot of extra outlets in the places you need them and the desk is actually condusive to doing work if you need to. We had dinner at the Iranian restaurant in the hotel and it was excellent. The live singing and band was a nice touch although a bit loud if you wanted to carry on a conversation. Sit out on the balcony and you can avoid some of the noise. Also very nice is the shisha (hookah) that is available here. Some of the best in Dubai - I am sure the brand new pipes help that.And I can definitely say the service was wonderful. I forgot my cell phone on the table at dinner. Even though I immediately went back for it the restaurant had already closed. Fortunately, a cleaning person saw me and found a manager of another place that was open next door. This guy went out of his way to call the restaurant manager on his mobile and find out that my phone was with housekeeping. A very pleasant ending.Overall, the Hyatt Regency is a classy hotel and I will definitely look forward to staying there again.	
Mar 15 2006	Rooms are great location is a little far out	Stayed here for four days. We stayed on the newly refurbished fourth floor overlooking the pool which was very nice indeed. Bathroom was fantastic with a seperate shower and bath. The minibar was very very well stocked but be advised it will cost you more than your average minibar. If you feel like ordering booze from room service think carefully it will cost you a LOT of money.TV shows quite a varied mix of channels and it was a definite bonus to be able to watch British news and see how the folks were freezing back home in the UK.The pool is large and is heated in the winter and cooled in the summer, it's nice and deep too - down to 2.4 metres! During our stay the pool only had maybe one or two guests using it, unlike that facilities at the beachfront hotels further down the coast.The revolving restaurant is worth a look but don't expect to be wowed by the cuisine, it's a buffet but it's not bad at all from a sustenance point of view.The Iranian restaurant was very very good and with the live local music certainly gives you the flavour of Arabia. Recommended.The staff were very pleasant without exception and were very helpful and attentive at every stage.I think that the only real problem is the location. It's a bit far from the centre of town and the beach areas, however after saying that you have to remember that Dubai is not a pedestrians town. Taxis are cheap and plentiful (but often are complete lunatics)and if you walk for 10mins you will be at the top of the creek and with the local Gold souk within easy reach.I particularly enjoyed my stay at the Hyatt Regency.	
Jan 1 2006	Recently renovated comfortable	My girlfriend &amp; I stayed here for one week. We were given a freshly-renovated room with a view over the Gulf, and could not fault the room - large &amp; comfortable.Breakfast served in the room was enough for 2 people.The gym is decent, and the outdoor pool is fairly large. Tennis courts have a ball machine which is inexpensive to rent.All the staff were friendly and helpful.Internet access is indeed expensive, but we were able to pick up a (weak) signal from an open access point, and surf for free using that.The hotel is slightly set away from the bustling shopping streets. You could walk to the gold souk and electronics district in about 20 mins, but a taxi is under $3.The hotel's nightclub is not as trendy as those in the nearby Marine Beach Resort, so dress up a little and take a taxi there instead for cool bars and beautiful people; it's a short ride away.I would be happy to stay here again. Shop around for prices, we paid US$135 with tax using prepurchased Hyatt vouchers. With lots to do, Dubai in general is a great place for a holiday!	
Nov 2 2005	I'm not a man!	Admittedly the decor, service and all was very good, but it was very businessman aimed. There was nothing much to do and all the shops were aimed at men, hmm... Although I did think the ice-skating rink and Baskin&amp;Robins was pretty cute :)	
Oct 18 2005	Look elsewhere	Cold, marble clad and one to be avoided.Reception staff pleasant...and that's about it!Definitely a business hotel, being near the gold souk doesn't make it 'central'.As for Al Dawaar, the revolving restaurant - save your money.	
Oct 5 2005 	Just okay		
Jul 22 2005	i cant fault this hotel - and i'm picky!		
Jun 15 2005	Hyatt		
Jun 12 2005	Excellent Service		
Apr 17 2005	Business not Leisure		
Mar 26 2005 	nice views but would benefit from renovation		
Mar 21 2005	Excellent Deira hotel		
Jan 9 2005	Wonderful service Wonderful accommodation		
Jan 5 2005	Galleria Residence - highly recommended		
Dec 10 2004	rooms outdated		
Oct 2 2009 	Está dentro do padrão de um hotel 5 estrelas.		
Aug 16 2009 	?????????		
Aug 16 2009 	???????????		
Jul 9 2009 	????????		
Mar 4 2009 	?????????????		
Feb 18 2009 	?????		
Feb 18 2009 	????????????????		
Oct 28 2008 	??????????		
Oct 11 2008 	Business????????		
Jan 27 2008 	Ressemble a tous les autres hotels de Dubai sympa mais vraiment isolé du centre		
