May 21 2009 	Adequate if you need to be at Dubai Knowledge Village	In a city of over the top hotels with excellent service for high rates - the Tulip Inn has none of the above. Rooms are large, have OK furnishings, free broadband [rare at even the most expensive Dubai hotels] and a nice TV with lots of channels. Room service is edible and reasonably priced - unimpressive. Front desk staff is OK - however the really memorable piece of it all is that the lobby is shared with a local medical clinic - should you fall ill, help is near at hand :)Extremely convenient if you have business at Dubai Knowledge Village - it is inside DKV and an easy walk to any DKV building.	
Mar 31 2008 	Sorry I'm here ....	When I checked in and when I checked out it was with the same girl in the reception. Both times she was having a PRIVATE telecon for 10-15 minutes before she had time for me - She didn't care about the guests at all ! In my room the AC didn't work. Complained twice to the reception (same girl as above) - nothing happened for 12 hours. Complained again when a new receptionist had arrived and got a new room .... where the TV was broken. The room was OK but without daylight/windows.You had to be very hungry to enjoy the breakfast.It was a problem getting a Taxi at the hotel - to remote ?.Next time I'll go somewhere else.	
Dec 4 2006 	not noisy but money talks	I stayed here because I was attending a conference at Knowledge Village. It is a 5-minute walk to the Auditorium. On the way, there is a foodcourt (student canteen) to get reasonably priced food (Chinese, Labenese, fries, hamburger, sandwiches, etc).Months before the conference, my hotel booking was confirmed in writing. Then, a few weeks before the conference, the rates were increased by AED100 because 'management decided'. This is despite having taken my visa card number earlier and given me a written confirmation.I asked for a non smoking room (also confirmed months ahead); but on arrival, was given a smoking room. My whole wardrobe ended up with cigarette smell. I arrived at 5am and the hotel wanted to charge me full rate for the night before. If I don't want to pay, I can only check in at 2pm. Finally, after some haggling, I paid half rate and checked into the room which was empty anyway. There is no construction noise now. You can get a good night's sleep.I was not daunted when told the hotel is far from the downtown core - and this turned out to be the biggest problem. Even though it is only 20 - 30km to downtown, a taxi ride to town between 4pm and 10pm (in the direction of downtown) would take you 2 to 3 HOURS. [Conversely, if you stay in downtown and try to get to Knowledge Village in the morning, expect a 2 hour traffic jam.] After being stuck in the taxi for 2 hours and still had 1 hour to go before reaching the Creek/downtown, I gave up and came back to the hotel. So, I went to Dubai but have not seen Dubai downtown!Tulip Inn is located within 5 to 10 minute taxi ride from Jumeira beach and the hotels there. It's better to spend your time at Jumeira instead of being stuck in a traffic jam trying to get to downtown. The Royal Mirage has an Arabian Adventures office for you to book tours.If I am not attending a conference in Knowledge Village, I will not stay at this hotel again. If I am, given the horrendous traffic conditions in Dubai, I would stay here (but only reluctantly).	
May 1 2006 	Clean rooms bad service	As the other reviewer said, this is a hotel for business visitors in the area. Negatives:-Construction kept us awake at night-Room service - avoid the food, especially breakfast as the meat is frozen and simply nuked, and often times the sausages were still frozen; also the menu never changes-Front desk staff - pretty inept, no concierge and simple instructions not followed (e.g., I need a taxi at a certain time, please bring towels, iron was blackened, no foreign adaptors, etc.)-Far from the downtown core but in the Media City areaPositives:-the cleaning staff keep the place impecably clean, almost sterile, concrete envt.-Nice Internet service within room-bring you a fridge if you ask Overall the rooms are nice but the service could be greatly improved upon.	
Mar 11 2006 	Okay but nothing to remember.....	Mostly dealing with corporate customer this hotel is average. I had a suite which was spacious but without daylight. The rooms was very clean and well maintained. It was somewhat noisey because at night employees passed by with trolleys on naked floor which keeps you from a good nights sleep.The location is inside knowledge village where a lot of students are round during day. At night there is nothing there, just empty rooms and offices. The hotels restaurant is always empty and the breakfast was overpriced for what you get. I would recommend to take the bistro located next to the hotel. It is cheap, food has good quality and its a nice place with outside terrace.The hotel is a good drive from the Malls of Emirates, and others. The older part of Dubai is about 30 kilometers away. Take a good book with you or some work. Nothing will distract you there. You may take a taxi to drive into one of the nearby resorts for a drink. Dubai Media City is quite near. A lot of construction is going on in this new part of Dubai.Hotel can be recommended to those you have their office just around the corner and you don´t want to be distracted from work.	
