Nov 12 2009 	fantastic loved it!	This is one of the best places i have stayed. staff are great and always eager to help the apartments are fantastic with every thing you could want in them. house keeping service rooms daily we cooked they came and washed uo afterwards, we had a one bed apartment with large living room with sofa bed for the kidz dining area kitchen bedroom ensuite and guest wc and balcony. theres a lovely pool with terrace to relax in the evenings. a shopping mall opposite with a 24 hour supermarket. water bottles are left daily with news paper. jumeira beach is 20 mins away but theres a mamzar beach park closer and its great i would stay here every time i visit dubai it really is a home away from home!	
Aug 20 2009 	Excellent city based hotel	Stayed in a one bedroom suite, very impressive huge living room with sofa bed for the 2 teenagers, again huge bedroom en suite bathroom with tub and shower attachment, plus a seperate guest toilet and a sizeable kitchen.Very impressive quality and decor for the price, we paid around £80 a night, perhaps because it was a late booking, list price is around £200 a night. Definately a 4 star hotel with all hotel facilities, just that rooms happen to have kitchens to make them self contained living spaces, all staff helpful and friendly, lovely pool and reasonable sized fitness centre, all very quiet, just what the doctor ordered.Only gripe is wifi access is around £3/hour, there is an internet cafe across the road in the Reef Mall at £1/hour, shame the hotel is milking this so much. Also the standard for the hotel is 3 guests per room, fourth charged extra, however when I booked via Expedia I booked for 4, when we checked in the Desk clerk asked me to pay extra, but when I pointed out I had booked for 4 he agreed so no charge.This is a city hotel, so if you want beaches then Jumeirah beach park is around 30-40 minutes by taxi, the Gold souk and the Abra station around 25 minutes walk, can be done in 40 degrees C, but you will be a bit sweaty.Definately recomend the hotel, 2 supermarkets now, a Carrefour express to the left and another local brand across the road at the bottom of the Reef Mall. Always direct taxi drivers to the Reef Mall they may not know the hotel, although some did.Al Ghafari City Mall is across the road and past the Reef Mall on the right hand side, you will spot Nandos through the next road to your right, if you reach Burger King you have passed it, there is a cinema and resturaunts (Pizza Hut, Nandos, Burger King), not very exotic, but nice places to eat none the less.As I said very nice hotel/apartment building, the front is closed due to metro works, but did not disturb us at all, using the back for taxi access and front for pedestrian was not a problem, we were on the 2nd floor with a huge balcony, great for wathcing the world pass by at the Mall across the road. Didn't use the hotel dining facilities but looked nice with an in house Starbucks if you need it.	
Dec 5 2008 	A home in a foreign city	i loved it...very spacious aparment..after stayign at the movenpick in bahrain and the grand tulip in muscat, i was fearing the same at the star boutique..but walked in the room and it was such a relief..huge living room, kitchen with dish washer, washer and dryer, 1.5 bath...	
Sep 4 2008 	Lovely place to stay	The Family stayed 15-18th August 2008. Beautiful apartments, with large kitchen area, microwave and washing machine. Only downside was no balcony but having said that it was 46 degrees in the daytime and 40 at night time so it was a bit hot to sit out for too long. Pool nice and clean and because it was so hot we had it pretty much to ourselves. Beach towels supplied for you and there was a sauna and steam room to. (we did not use it as we were having our own sauna outside). Some taxi drivers did not really know where the apartments were, because I think it is quite new, but asked to be dropped off outside Reef Mall and it is right across the road. There were some road works outside which were 24hrs a day but you honestly could not hear them and because of this if the taxi drivers could find it you had to go round the back, but not a problem, the back of the hotel was quite nice after you had walked thru a few parking spaces there were chairs and tables to sit at. All staff very pleasant and polite. We did not use the restaurant for breakfast as we were never up in time but there are plenty of coffee shops all over. Would definately stay here again. One word of warning. DO NOT take travellers cheques to Dubai as the hotels not keen on changing them, neither are banks or money changers. Much easier to take sterling and change it as you need it.	
Jun 23 2008 	Its a home with service in Dubai	WOW! I was very impressed. I travelled with my girlfriend and took a 1-bedroom apartment in this hotel for 2 weeks and felt as if we were living in our own home. The kitchen is a very good size and is fully equiped. We did all our lunch cooking and laundry in the appartment and the staff cleaned everything for us afterwards! There is a full supermarket just across the street where we bought our things and we saved a lot of money by doing some eating and drinking in the room, but in comfort. The living room is also large with sofas and a plasma TV and there is another plasma in the bedroom too with lots of channels. Since we invited friends to come over for drinks the guest bathroom came in handy and the quality of the shower and water pressure was very strong. We realy enjoyed it... staff is very friendly and dont make hassles and actually want to help you all all the time.	
May 20 2008 	loved the stay in starmetro	The layout of the room was very good. The room size and facilities were excellent as was the location. The rooms are very clean and comfortable with little extras like toiletries and tea and coffee making facilities., comfort, nice living space, breakfast was well catered for, nice selection, had dinner in restaurant one evening and was very nice, nice friendly helpful staff, always smiling the reception staff were very kind and very good when we ask questions about other services we wanted. the swimming pool was great and we were very happy in the gym, internet access was available all the time at a very low prices.	
May 16 2008 	Amazing Stay!	Arrived early and they had our room ready in no time. Staff were extremely friendly, room was spotless, facilities were excellent. I've stayed at several places in Dubai including the Fairmont and I would recommend this hotel over any of them. The only suggestion I have is rent a vehicle as finding a taxi in the area is difficult. The pool was fantastic and the staff very friendly. The gym looked great.The kitchen was fully equipped, even having a washer/dryer for clothes. Our room had a view of Reef mall and beyond, Emirate towers could be seen in the distance! the side window overlooked the pool. absolutely no complaints! Wonderful experience at Star Metro!	
Apr 30 2008 	loved star metro	I stayed at Star Metro hotel in Deira with my two daughters whilst awaiting my husband to arrive. The service was outstanding, with the staff being very friendly and attentive. We were left to our own devices, enjoying the pool, sauna, gym and other wonderful facilities this outstanding hotel had to offer. If we had a query, the staff were more than helpful, with the room being cleaned daily by very friendly people. The pool staff were wonderful to my daughters who spent hours up on the roof. The hotel is across the road from a nice shopping centre, and overall the stay made our stay in Dubai extremely pleasant. I would recommend this hotel to anyone, bachelors or married couples alike. We stayed in a one bedroom suite, which was beautiful. We're from Australia, and I will certainly be telling anyone I know about Star Metro. Thanks for a lovely stay!!Christina.	
Oct 18 2009 	????		
