	5 star experience at 4 star	I had arrived to Dubai with everything except for my hotel information. (I was in such a rush I forgot my information/my dumb fault). The wifi in the airport wasn't working on my laptop. So one frustrated hour later I finally obtained the information. I took a cab ride from the airport which wasnt bad.Upon arrival I was still in the vehicle and the concierge service retrieved our luggage from the vehicle and ushered us inside the hotel. Within minutes we were greeted with complimentary drinks and briefed on hotel ammenities and nearby attractions. You get a tropical feel once arriving in the lavish hotel.Its a calming. relaxing feel. Not alot of bright lights telegraphing how great the hotel ambiance is. It was just filled with great friendly staff. The entire staff was smiling and not bombarding you. And they spoke good english and were helpful.The hotel offered plenty cost free shuttles at various times to the local Dubai mall which was 10 min walking distance as well as shuttles to Jumeirah beach and other locations. As well as Lexus and regular city cabs waiting on location to get you where you needed to be. I didnt eat at the hotel restaurant but I seen everything they offered and it looked good. The restaurant also has a great view of the pool and skyscrapersThe room was perfect. I chose the pool view which was a good choice. At night the local skyscrapers light the sky. The pool was very nice ( 5ft deep) with anything you needed nearby. We had a queen bed which was comfortable as well as a beautiful bath tub and shower. The room has everything you need and the room service is on point with their time and service. The cleaning services will visit frequently but they are fast and efficient.For the cost of the hotel, the location and the experience was the best you can ask for. I would love to stay again at the Qamardeen hotel	
	Great hotel - value for money excellent service and staff	Great hotel for business and family. The staff were great, attentive and efficient - service comparable (if not better) to any 5 star hotel I have stayed in Dubai in the past. Their lunch buffet is great and beetr than any other hotel in Dubai. The location is near Burj Dubai and walking distance to Dubai Mall, Burj and Souk Al Bahar for a huge choice of shops, bars and restaurants. Only negative (a small one) is that they only have one restaurant and a very small bar.As the area is new many taxi drivers don't know where it is, but Dubai mall is a good landmark to use. Also for business or personal travel - this is the only hotel that I have found in Dubai that provides a good and fast Internet access for free. Overall, great experience and will certainly stay there next time I am in Dubai.	
Nov 21 2009 	Shh... they don't want you to know it's a 5-star hotel	This establishment should be a five-star hotel but some reason they position themselves as a four-star. Stayed for two days at the Qamardeen. Service from check in till check out has been outstanding. The concierge arranged all the sightseeing and trips for me. Room service food was very good. The pool is great. Location is good if you want to bee near the Dubai Mall. The whole neighborhood is in construction, so is better for you to ask for a quieter courtyard looking room.	
Nov 21 2009 	Cosywarm atmosphere and extremely friendly even for a solo lady:-)	Just came back from a 4 day trip at Qamardeen Hotel.As a solo Lady traveler,i found it just cosy enough to feel home,extremely clean and tidy,and with a such a professionnel and warm stuff.From the lifeguard till the receptionist,they were all very respectful and so helpfull !Such a Good experience,that i'll be coming next december for work again,and in january with friends:-).As for the price,it's just amazing!! Never been to a 4 star hotel and so reasonable!!!Qamardeen,pls keep up the good work and prices :-)!Ciao!	
Nov 19 2009 	Real oasis	Qam is to be commended. Rooms are top class. Really clean and well appointed and have nice courtyard views and good appointments. My largest and clearest recollection however is attentive and pleasant staff; a good grade buffet and a feeling of calm and oasis in crazy Dubai. Have no &quot;qualms&quot; about &quot;Qamardeen&quot;. Main plus is rooms and service culture.	
Nov 2 2009 	OK - but there are many better hotels in Dubai	Hotel Qamardeen is an 'alright' Hotel set in the Downtown Burj area. There is a nice walk over to the Dubai Mall district and the buildings are designed with atrue arabic feel, in among the skyscrapers. However, having stayed in Dubai many times before, I would not say this was my favorite place. The pool area is minuscule and due to its design, its difficult to catch any sun due to the shadows. You can of course go to its sister hotel - Al Manzil and use its pool or fitness club but this is inconvenient.I got a really noisy room which looked onto the construction sites across the road and was awoken each morning to the sound of traffic and building work - i has expressly asked for a quiet room with a good view whilst booking. The staff are nice but they are nice everywhere in Dubai..! There is a free shuttle service provided by the hotel to a few sites which is good.I would recommend the Crowne Plaza in Festival City, the One and Only Royal Mirage, The Address, The Westin or the Grosvenor House Hotel. I have nothing against hotel qamardeen but it just wasnt for me.	
Nov 1 2009 	well its 5 star hotel service and building in 4 star hotel	i been in this hotel more than 20 times this year for business and leisure .the hotel location its in the heart of dubai so its easy to get for your meeting or ur business plan, and also in the same time its near to the dubai mall just 5 minutes walk .the reception staff they are really helpful fast check and check out.i lost on of my ID and i don't remember where until the hotel reception call me and they said we found ur id in the room and they sent it to me .rooms are very good and clean and the food its also very good .regards,Al Taher	
Oct 21 2009 	I wouldn't think twice about recommending this hotel to all and anyone	I stayed at this hotel for three weeks on business and it was the highlight of my trip. I was originally staying in neighbouring Sharjah but feeling uncomfortable there as a sole female, I opted to stay in Dubai and commute to Sharjah each day. The time spent commuting was well worth it considering that the staff could not have done more to make me feel more at home and relaxed. It was an absolute joy to return to the hotel at the end of the day and despite the great location (with an array of shops, bars and restaurants on the doorstep), I often found it difficut to prize myself away from the lovely pool or my room! All of those who work at the Qamardeen are amazing but special thanks to John the General Manager, to Faith, Nikhil, Denver, Gayan, Kheder and Lovl. For those I have not mentioned, apologies - it is only because I cannot remember all the names!!! The feel of the hotel is all about understated luxury and there is an Arabian influence too. I cannot leave a review without making special mention of the food which is consistently good. I did not once tire of the food here, despite staying for three weeks. The Friday brunch is legendary and extremely good value. I should also make clear that whilst I happened to stay here on business, this hotel is unique becaue it fully caters for both the business and leisure traveller alike. There is a real mix of people staying here. I also appreciated the nice touches like free WiFi in your room, which many hotels do not offer. One word for this hotel and the service: faultless!!! I would defy you to stay here and somehow be disappointed. It is one of the few places I will miss.Carolyn, London	
Oct 16 2009 	Wonderful hotel	My wife and I have just returned home after a lovely holiday at this hotel, mostly down to the wonderful friendly welcome we received from both management and staff. My wife was celebrating her 50th birthday at the time of our stay, on the day of her birthday we came back to the room to find a lovely bottle of wine and a birthday cake which we did not expect but was such a lovely gesture. Rooms were spotless, linen changed everyday, tea and coffee refilled, everything you could ask for. Staff were the friendliest we have ever met on our travels, they were very helpful and attentive, all our needs were met.The hotel is near to the Dubai Mall which we walked to in the heat of the day and only took us 10mins, we found it easy to get to. We chose this hotel after reading the other reviews on tripadvisor which helped us, and all the reviews were spot on, and we would definetly go back to this hotel.	
Oct 14 2009 	An oasis of friendliness in a heartless city	Emirates Holiday representative in Cyprus recommended the Qamardeen for our short stay in Dubai. Whilst there we celebrated our 40th Wedding Anniversary and one of the hotel staff informed the Manager. When we returned from a day's sightseeing there was a superb 'ruby' flower arrangement in a vase in our bedroom. We thought this was a superb gesture, only to receive a knock at the door and a complementary bottle of good wine and a strawberry gateaux were being delivered to us. The accompanying card had been signed not only by the General Manager, but also by many of the staff. This was a most generous gesture and greatly appreciated. ALL STAFF, without exception, are friendly, courteous, efficient and eager to make your stay at the Qamardeen a memorable and comfortable experience. The Dubai Mall is now completed and for a 10 Dirhams taxi ride (€2) approx. it is easier than walking the relatively short distance from the hotel in the heat. Taxis are always available at the door of the hotel. Sadly, we did not like Dubai itself. It is brash, but lacking any soul, and because of this we would be unwilling to return to the Qamardeen. As we said to the staff, if they could move the hotel to another city we would DEFINITELY return. However, we will recommend the Qamardeen to everyone we know, and have handed the hotel brochure to our travel agent!Thank you to all at the Qamardeen for such a memorable visit.	
Sep 29 2009 	Best hotel experience anyone could ask for.	Everything was great. Especially the breakfast buffet. Would not want to stay anywhere else when next I go back to Dubai!	
Sep 26 2009 	Exactly what service should be....spectacular	We had 6 nights here (1st wedding anniversary) and I have to say that it has been nothing less than spectacular; from our collection at the airport, check in, the fantastic room and special little touches which were laid on, through to every single encounter with any member of staff, it was exempliarary.Thank you very much to the manager John and all his wonderful staff for making this the memory we wanted it to be.The Oasis Palm desert experience trip is good; also by booking through the concierge, we managed to get it much cheaper too!Never had to wait for a taxi and the 5 minute stroll to the Dubai mall and some of the other magnificent local hotel complexes to experience their restaurants and bars was great.	
Sep 20 2009 	Understated Luxury	There are many hotels in Dubai that are spectacular for various reasons- but the Qamardeen Hotel is not flashy or overdone.It is subdued luxury with an intimate feeling.ALL the staff went out of their way to provide excellent service, and since the hotel is not one of the mega-towers,one feels very &quot;homey&quot; there.The architecture is Arabian inspired and looks very nice.The check in (at about 1 am) was quick and very personal (I was offered a cold towel and orange juice).The room is very nice, with individual climate control and free wired internet.The bathroom is a novel idea and I loved it-if you are traveling with someone and need more privacy, there is a pull-down blind. My room was facing the Burj Dubai- really out of this world.Breakfast was very good with extensive selections of all kind: from fresh fruit and juices to cereals, cold cuts, hot dishes, made to order omelets and Arabian fare- all of great quality and constantly restocked. Service was very professional.The location is great- just about 15 min to the airport and the Dubai Mall is within walking distance (check out the Aquarium while you are there-it is worth it), and the fountains of Burj Dubai at night a spectacular and breathtaking.For whatever reason the Qamardeen Hotel is officially marketed as a 4 star Hotel, but I feel it is definitely a 5 star deluxe hotel. I cannot wait to return!	
Aug 21 2009 	A Gem!	Loved the location - Downtown Burj Dubai, Dubai Mall etc - plenty of places to walk to. Loved the genuinely friendly reception of ALL the staff. We got the impression that the staff actually enjoyed working there and weren't just doing a job.Loved the size and design of the rooms and the garden.Pity the 'designer' shower door didn't stop the water escaping into the bath area, though. It looked so good, but our feet got wet when cleaning our teeth!Will return	
Aug 19 2009 	Fantastic Hotel	Staying at Qamardeen was perfect in more ways that one! The hotel is located about 5 minutes from Dubai Mall, Burj Dubai in a beautiful setting of the Old Town Dubai. The hotel staff were so friendly and the room was spectacular and spacious, apart from the size of the bed (queen, not king). The room has a unique bathroom/shower layout, that would be fantastic for a married couple, but otherwise not much privacy if sharing the room. I would definitely come back to this hotel, as its location, rate &amp; service were beyond expectation. I'm looking forward to staying at Al Manzil (sister hotel) next time I'm in Dubai!	
Aug 12 2009 	5 star hotel camouflaged in 4	4 star hotel? The best understatement in town.The absolute place to stay and to come back.Getting a room in qamardeen is becoming more and more difficult.	
Jul 26 2009 	Great choice for a Dubai stopover	I have been to Dubai many times and wanted to stay somewhere different during a 2 night stopover en route to the Philippines. I was browsing the website for the new Dubai mall when I came across a link to the Qamardeen. The hotel looked very new, contemporary and most of all, not extortionately priced like some of the hotels in Dubai so I went ahead and booked on the hotel website.We arrived at the hotel in the early hours of the morning. We were greeted with cold towels, a glass of juice and some dates whilst we checked in. First impressions of the hotel were that it was in a very new area, with a lot of road and building construction still going on around it but it was in a quiet side street and the decor in the lobby was lovely, very modern and attractive but with an Arabian feel. We were shown to our room but it was a smoking room and I had requested non-smoking. A call to reception soon -remedied the problem and within minutes we were in a new, smoke-free room. The room itself was lovely - we had a view on to gardens and whilst the room isn't massive it isn't the smallest hotel room either. For us, for a 2 night stay, it was more than adequate. As well as the bed (Queen sized I think) there was a desk area, armchair, TV and the bathroom is a major feature of the room, having glass walls. For the more modest there are blinds and the loo has its own separate area outside the bathroom. The bath and shower are separate, which was a bonus.We didn't eat in the hotel but the public areas, coffee shop, restaurant etc all looked very nice. There is a shuttle to the mall which we used but it is not too far to walk if you enter via the souk, although you do have to negotiate some road works. The room was affected a little by construction noise from around 7.30am but to be honest it wasn't a major problem and the road may well be finished by now and the noise no longer an issue.The pool area was lovely, not huge but attractively laid out and pleasant spot for a dip after trekking around the massive mall. I would definitely stay at the Qamardeen again or at one its sister properties which are close by and which looked equally as nice. The Qamardeen is probably the furthest (relatively speaking) from the mall and the only downside was the lack of a small shop to buy juice etc (so as to avoid the mini bar prices which were a bit on the high side). But that aside, this is a lovely hotel, with fantastic, friendly and helpful staff, and a great location for a Dubai stopover.	
Jul 10 2009 	A Good Choice for Dubai Business	I stayed 3 nights at the Qamardeen whilst on business in Dubai. The hotel is located close to the Dubai Mall and the Burj Dubai (tallest building in the world).My room was of a fair size, with comfy bed, separate toilet room and bathroom that was essentially part of the room (with glass around). Superb walk in shower and great selection of bath products. Desk with free cabled internet available which was very handy for my trip.Breakfast is tip top with everything you could possibly want (except pork sausages for obvious reasons). The Pool area is pleasant considering the surrounding area is essentially a residential area.The only thing that spoiled my stay slightly was the irritating kids that insisted on screaming around the corridors late at night - thanks to all the great parents for failing to keep their bratts under control!	
Jul 8 2009 	Great hotel but...	We made our reservation based on all the great reviews of the hotel, plus the fact that it's located right next to the Dubai Mall. Getting to the hotel was quite easy, checking in was smooth, but when we got to the room we were disappointed with the size of both the room and the bed (queen not king), specially that we requested a baby cot and moving around the room was not easy with the cot, so we upgraded ourselves to an excecutive suite, absolutely lovely! The only other problem was the air conditioning, which was hardly working, we called for a technician twice to solve the problem. Other than that the hotel can not be faulted, everything else was perfect, the staff, the food, the location. Would love to go back there again.	
Jul 5 2009 	Worth every dirham spent	Me and my sister went to Dubai this weekend and we stayed at Qamardeen Hotel for two nights. I always stay in 5 stars hotels in Dubai and this one looks similar to these ones (crew, service and accommodation). It's very near to Dubai mall, Jumeirah and Atlantis hotel. I will defenitely go back again	
Jun 21 2009 	an oasis of calm	Spent a month at the Qamardeen last October. The hotel was a peaceful oasis - a pleasure to come home to each night. The staff was exemplary, from Denver the concierge to Asif the driver and Susan at the coffee bar. I have never felt more at home at a hotel. It's an easy walk to Dubai Mall, Meze House restaurant, and the beautiful Souk al Bahar. We appreciated the smaller size of the Qamardeen. Services were prompt and professional, rooms not huge, but serene and spotless.	
Apr 6 2009 	OK - but at the price you can find better...	Booked this hotel last minute via their website. The price was around USD 230,00 + taxes. At this price levels at a little more there are many options in Dubai but thought their location close to the Dubai Mall and the picture of a nice pool made the deal. The week before I stayed at the Al Manzil, which has top ratings here on tripadvisor. I got a good deal back then via booking.com at USD 130,00, but week after was USD 230,00 + tax. This is why I thought I should try something else. But should have booked the Al Manzil again. The Qamardeen is located in the mittle of an area filled with construction work and some taxis got problems finding it. Pool area is not as bit as it looks on pictures. I got a room with twin beds facing the pool. Problem was that everyone from pool area was able to look up and check out if blend was up (was on the ground/first floor. Furthermore looking out you see the pool area and befind it you can see just construction work. Maybe not from the pool area but from the rooms. Room was spacy and with a bathtub inside the room with glass surounding it and seperate shower and toilet. Doesn't have a big selection of restaurants in the hotel and you can't walk to places (Dubai Mall) and need to take taxi or use the free shuttle to the Dubai Mall.	
Apr 6 2009 	Cannot find one fault!	Similar to previous comments, myself and my partner arrived at the Qamardeen late in the evening after a long trip from the UK and were warmly welcomed by staff and provided a cold towel and refreshments which were much appreciated!The standard didn't slip thoughout the duration of our trip and we found that the staff were always helpful and couldn't do enough to ensure we had everything we needed from food and drink to taxi's and transfers. The breakfast was fabulous with plenty of choice for everyone, from a selection of fresh fruit, pancakes and pastries to your usual cooked breakfast. If there was something that wasn't on display, the staff would happily arrange to get it for you where possible. We didn't actually eat any other meals in the hotel as we like to explore the restaurants in the area but they offered a good menu and evening an internation cheese and wine buffet at a reasonable price. The hotel was very clean and the decor very modern, yet tradtional. The rooms were amazing and cleaned spotlessy, with bottled water and tea/coffee supplies replenished twice a day! Every evening when we returned from our meal we would have a chocolate covered date on our pillow which was a lovely touch! Free internet access in the room and the 24 hour gym were an added bonus. One thing I wanted to mention that several people have commented on is the glass walled bathrooms. These were very unique and if you are comfortable to bath with someone being able to see you then so be it, but there are also blinds that can be pulled down for those that prefer a little privacy - so don't be put off by the glass walls!! I would highly reccommend this hotel to anyone staying in Dubai city centre as it is a 5-10 minute walk from the newly opened Dubai Mall and there is also a small shopping mall called Souk Al Bahar even closer. Both have a good selection of shops, cafés and restaurants. I definately hope to return in the near future!	
Apr 1 2009 	Amazing!!!	This hotel was probably one of the best hotels I have stayed at and even superceeds the 5 star hotels i have been in. The staff were amazingly helpful and friendly and nothing was ever to much hassle for them ! We were greeted with a cold face towel, orange juice and little dates on sticks. As we arrived so early in the morning and our room wasn't ready they let us stay in one of the other rooms just so that we could have a sleep and freshen up, I have never experienced this before. Whilst there was a lot of construction and we had bad weather the hotel offered so many free shuttles that we saved a fortune!Beware of Dubai prices though if you want to go shopping! I bought a perfume in Duty free for £50 only to get on the aeroplane to find the same one for £38!!! clearly they don't know what the credit crunch is yet!I would highly recommend this hotel for romantics! The bathroom is amazing as well but not suitable for work colleagues sharing!!	
Mar 19 2009 	Pleasantly Surprised	My flight into Dubai was delayed in Delhi for several hours so after close to twelve hours on the road it was an immense pleasure to be greeted by their efficient and friendly staff. Not only was I offered a hot face towel and a cold glass of fresh juice which were very much appreciated, but I was also treated with a level of professionalism and courtesy that is getting hard to find these days.The facilities, cleanliness and overall condition of the hotel and my room were perfect.Once again, it was the staff that made my stay ideal.The hotel is close to a construction area but I did not find this to be much of a problemI will most definitely look for accomodation at the Qamardeen on any future stays in Dubai.	
Mar 4 2009	Great experience friendly staff...	It was a great choice to stay in Qamardeen Hotel, they welcomed us with cold orange juice and wet towels..Checking-in didnt take lots of time and we got so shocked when we saw the fantastic bathtub and the shower inside glass windows. And then noticed the chocos on our pillows. Staff is so kind and helpful. We felt like we are at home, they treated us as their friends and helped us about everything. The only bad experience we had in Dubai was with a taxi driver who asked for the double price - he picked up us from Burj Al-Arab and he said that traffic in Sheik Zayed Road is awful - actually he was right, you can stuck in the traffic for hours - and he wanted to use another way to the hotel. when i asked how much it will differ, he said 18, and i was knowing that normally it was 30 from Madinat Jumeirah to Qamardeen, so it would be around 48 ...but he asked for 80 !!! oucourse i didnt give that amount, i rejected. while i was havin a high tempered conversation with the taxi driver, concierge of the hotel noticed that we are havin a conflict and he opened the door of the car and asked about the problem...i paid 48 at the end and said that i will complain about him. moreover the hotel concierge ppl didnt let the cap pick up the other guests of the hotel who were waiting for a taxi. after a few hours while we were walking to dubai mall we noticed that the taxi driver came back to the hotel and asked if we have complained or not cause then he could loose his job and he wanted us to excuse him. the taxis in dubai are all under rule of one big company and they have strict rules, dont hesitate to complain if u face any problems.Anyways, the hotel is just next to the Souk Al Bahar - arabic traditional bazaar with nice stores, starbucks and a great italian restaurant inside. From souk al bahar you can pass to the biggest mall of Middle East which is Dubai Mall. Don't skip to visit the aquarium inside it. Also there is the gold bazaar and the skating area inside it.Breakfast was more than fine with omelettes and fruits and even warm meals. The business center and the internet is free in 24 hours. They let you have 2 bottles of water everyday during your stay.Only thing you should keep in your mind that u will need an adapter from the reception to charge your cameras or mobile phones since the plug-ins there are with three teeth instead of two.	
Mar 2 2009 	NOT for families!!	This is the most ridiculous hotel I ever stayed in!! The whole bathroom doesn’t have any walls! It is and the bedroom in a matter of fact only one room, the bath tub and the shower are without walls or doors!. I would never recommend this hotel for families, but I would recommend it for singles or young couples without any children, that is of course unless you are comfortable getting naked in front of your children!!	
Feb 3 2009 	Impressed !!!!!!	My wife and I had never been to Dubai and chose Qamardeen Hotel because it seemed to combine proximity to a mall, accessibility as well as price, in a package that seemed to favour our purpose. We couldn't have made a better choice. Qamardeen is quiet yet within walking distance of the DUBAI MALL too.The hotel was extremely clean, had a team that seemed to tidy the room round the clock and they were very friendly and courteous. On one particular day, our bed in the room was dressed twice in one day. All we did was leave the 'Make up the room' notice and it was done.Our room had very good views and the Burj Dubai as well as the beautiful 'The Address' building are within eye and camera shot. The manager, Mr Rami was excellent and on the only problem that did occur (i.e when the taxi we had booked to take us a night souk took us to the wrong place one evening thus ruining our dinner plans on the day), he responded wonderfully; Firstly to make up for dinner he had us served food from the after hours sandwich bar at no cost then he arranged for one of the hotel jeeps to take us to the 'right' place the next day at no cost.The food was ample and we really enjoyed the available choices at any meal chosen.The only thing we felt needed to be tweaked was the provision and timing of the shuttle buses. For example the shuttle amongst other venues also goes to Jumeirah Beach. The letter said it was available from 0855 to 1830hrs but in truth there was only 1 shuttle going there in the morning and a single one coming back at 1830hrs. Minor glitch though comprehensive info would help people planning their movements. On the flip side though there are various shuttle trips to other malls and places of interest.The only thing you need to be careful about (in Dubai generally) is TAXIS. They are prone to taking you to the wrong place unwittingly and annoyingly even when you've told them where you are going. For example, We asked one to take us to the Night Souk on the Al Seef Road and he took us to the Naif Souk in Deira ...... on the other side of the river!!!All in all we had a really relaxing holiday and will definitely be using the Qamardeen Hotel. I can almost guarantee that you won't be disappointed staying here.	
Jan 21 2009 	Service with a smile	The hotel had outstanding service. The staff will serve with a constant smile on their faces no matter the request no matter the time you make that request in.We where there in Christmas eve and the hotel sent a complementary gourmet cake to our room. The location is superb being close to Burj Dubai, Dubai Mall and Sheik Zayed road.The rooms were of adequate size and were artistically decorated. The Breakfast was adequate.Overall an enjoyable experience and an outstanding value for money.	
Jan 14 2009 	An excellent experience!	We were extremely impressed with the level of service at this hotel. The entire staff, from the front desk to the concierge to the business center to the housekeeping, were very warm, courteous, and helpful.The hotel itself is very comfortable, clean, and luxurious. I absolutely loved the open layout of the room &amp; bathroom.Free internet in the business center was a wonderful perk.If we ever go back to Dubai, we're definitely staying here again.	
Dec 17 2008 	Great Place to stay	Words can't explain my experience with this hotel. my flight arrived midnight, and the driver was very friendly, when i arrived the hotel, the front office stuff were warm and friendly, while i was checking i was offered fresh orange juice and warm towel. i was very impressed the interior design of the hotel. I felt like i was in 5-star hotel. I do travel for a living and spend alot of nights in hotels and this hotel is by far one of the best. Every staff seemed to really care the need of every customer, This was my first visit to Dubai and the staff are very knowledgeable of the city , as they help me to point to my destination. from the front desk to the GM (John Aritho) was very friendly and really showed me they cared about me. The room was clean and one of the best bed/shower i have seen. I was also impressed the free Internet service. This hotel is in a good location (close to Dubai Mall) and very good neighborhoodThe restaurant was really good, i had breakfast and dinner and i really enjoyed the food and the service. I would highly recommend this hotel to ANYONE.I want to really thank the staff for making me feel like i was home. I look forward staying there on my return to Dubai.	
Nov 10 2008 	lovely hotel	We stayed here for two days in august 2008. The hotel is located in “The Old Town”, that despite the name is a new district of Dubai; near the qamardeen, in a walking distance, there are a sister property hotel “Al Manzill”, a luxury hotel “The Palace the Old Town” with Souk and lagoon, the tallest building in the world, the Burj Dubai ( in august under construction) . The Creek and the old Souk area is far away and you need take a taxi for about twenty minutes.The room was well equipped and well decorated with Arabic touch, original and singular bathroom, a glass partition wall separates sink , tub and shower from the bedding area, toilet is in another area, in a cubicle.The breakfast was excellent. We spent a wonderful and relaxing time at the swimmingpool, the water was refrigerated because in the summer the temperature are very very hot.Lovely experience.	
Sep 18 2008 	Very nice - great service	Stayed here for 10 nights in Feb 2008 for work. First time in Dubai and booked Qamardeen because it looked very nice and was well priced relative to other Dubai hotels I looked at. Really impressed with hotel, great reception, nice pool and restaurant. Service fantastic. Area is developing quickly. 5 minute walk to the Al Manzil which is the larger sister hotel that is located next to a suk (shopping centre). Highly recommended!	
Jul 6 2008 	Luxurious peaceful hotel.	Dubai is hot, warm and mostly under construction. So to say that this hotel is peaceful, means a lot. Admittedly, the author was out of the hotel on business during the day, but the excellent insulation ensures you're not disturbed by the many cranes and construction which dominate this city.The hotel may not be in the centre (although that depends on what is built around it in the future!), but it is has plenty of amenities: an outside pool; business centre. Do bear in mind that alcohol is not served all the time due to religion, but this is easily solved by buying beer at the airport on arrival, or tucking into the mini-bar!The hotel provides a shuttle bus to the massive shopping centres - it's about 10-15 minutes away. Only reservation is to be wary of using the hotel's car service. The driver appeared to not know Dubai and get lost very easily.	
Jul 5 2008 	Fantastic stay	We had a fantastic stay at this gorgeous boutique style hotel over four nights. We arrived at 1am and were met with friendly staff, a nice drink and a swift check in. Everyone was polite, curteous and spoke excellent English - they always greeted us throughout our stay and anticipated our needs. You could tell a good deal of care and effort has gone into training staff to ensure guests received a consistent and pleasant experience.We had a standard room on the top floor (level 6) which overlooked the pool and had a view of the sun rise. We specifically asked for a quiet room and it was great. Some of the rooms face outside of the hotel into the construction areas whilst others face the sun during the day which might make it a bit hot or bright in the room. The rooms are spacious, well decorated, modern and spotless. They're equipped with good quality ammenities, towels and sheets are changed daily and complimentary water, biscuits and chocolates are provided.The location is the Burj Dubai precinct which is undergoing a great deal of construction but don't let this deter you. It's quite central and everything is a short cab ride away - just be mindful to book cabs ahead of your planned trip and ensure you ask the concierge the time required to get to your destination.The dining options are limited. The main hotel restaurant is very good but pricey. The lobby lounge has a nice assortment of meals at reasonable prices. Ask the staff to arrange a car to take you to the adjacent sister property Al Manzil which has a range of cafes, bars and restaurants, as does The Palace hotel which is close by.Thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone requiring a central location and enjoys smaller yet well furnished hotels.	
Jun 30 2008 	Loved it	This hotel was fantastic- spotless, excellent facilities, swift check in, and modern v cool decor. Above all, the personal and friendly manner of staff was excellent- they were incredibly helpful and friendly- beyond what you would normally expect. All their reccomendations/bookings were always followed up by a courtesy chat to make sure we had enjoyed ourselves etc. The only downsides: the construction work going on nearby at the time- but that sums up all of Dubai at the moment! And its not in the heart of the bustling part of Dubai- but only a few minutes away by cab- which it never took the staff more than 5 mins to hail every time i needed one.	
Jun 19 2008 	Style location luxury and Value	This is my second stay at the Qamardeen Hotel and the excellent standards have remained consistently high. That is a good sign when standards don't change! The rooms are very large and spacious, groovy bathrooms and the staff are noticeably very friendly. As a business traveller it takes a lot to impress me, and this hotel continues to do just that. The location is very central for Dubai - good for shopping, Sheik Zayhed Road offices, Emirates Mall and the beaches in Jumeirah.	
Mar 16 2008 	Out of the way	I stayed at the Qamardeen as part of a conference program. The conference organizers chose the location and paid for the rooms. I wouldn't choose to stay here if I was paying for two reasons - location and price. As other reviewers have noted, the hotel is in the middle of a construction site. A walk to the nearby Old Palace (a NEW hotel and residential complex) requires you to take your life into your hands as you navigate streets without footpaths. The hotel is a long way from the sites of Dubai Creek and the commercial district. Taxi drivers are also unfamiliar with the location. The rooms are spacious but NOT suitable for friends or colleagues who want to share a room. The bathroom and toilet offer no privacy (there is no bathroom - just a shower cubicle with opaque glass; ditto for toilet).	
Feb 20 2008 	A Touch of Paradise in Dubai	My wife and I stayed at the Qamardeen for 4 nights in Feb 08 and were very impressed with this hotel. Spotlessly clean and with very friendly and attentive staff. Service was excellent. We got off to a great start when they allowed us an early check-in at 8.00am (courtesy of a red-eye flight). Check-in and check-out was quick and efficient. The Dubai Mall - the worlds biggest mall - is currently under construction nearby and the area is no good for walking around. Thankfully the windows are double glazed so we could not hear construction noise. Taxis were easy to get and the porters/doormen very friendly and able. Definitely need to take taxis or have a car - at least until the Dubai Mall is finished.Breakfast is very nice with good atmosphere in the dining room and great omelete bar. A bit pricey though.Gym is a bit light on for equipment but there are a few cardio machines. Decor of the hotel is fantastic - modern and very clean with an Arabic feel.Great place for couples, but wouldn't think it would be very child-friendly.The al-Manzil hotel just down the road has a souk and more restaurants and looks very similar to the Qarmadeen (they are owned by the same hotel chain). Its closer to the Dubai Mall as well, so would be well worth considering.This hotel is going to be in a fantastic location when the Dubai Mall is completed (early 2009?). Would definitely stay here again and thoroughly recommend it!	
Feb 15 2008	Qamardeen Hotel in Old Town	Stayed at the Qamardeen Hotel in Old Town Dubai. This hotel has a sister hotel, Al Manzil about 300 meters away. If I had a choice, I would stay at the Al Manzil. Qamardeen is nice, and you can see the Burj Al Arab and the Burj Dubai from some rooms. The double room only has a shower and doesn't give you much privacy. The bed is about 16 inches from the shower and sink area. You get a little bit of privacy with a pull down screen. The hotel is far from everything at the moment. You have to take a taxi everywhere. The hotel is located in a construction zone. The saving grace was the soundproofness of the room. If planning on visiting Dubai, you may want to postpone the trip for a year when at least most of the construction will be finished. The hotel staff tried, but were not very helpful when it came to suggesting places to see or do. Only one restaurant in the hotel and it doesn't offer much of a menu option. Overall, Dubai is great and I plan on going back in a couple of years to see how much the skyline has changed.	
Jan 13 2008 	FABULOUS	I had the pleasure of staying at Qamardeen in October and what a fabulous hotel.The service is absolutely 1st class. Food superb and the rooms are very spacious and contemporary.I have travelled all over the world, and although I think Dubai has been spoilt over the years, this hotel is a little touch of paradise.Hope to go back	
Jan 2 2008 	Great Hotel 	I stayed in Qamardeen Hotel in Dubai for 4 nights (9th - 12th December 2007). The hotel is EXCELLENT!!!! In a very good place, with very good architectural. Rooms are realy big, with very comfortable beds and amazing bathrooms. Room service always in time. The staff is great, very polite and always with a big smile in their face. They fixed and organized for us, whatever we want to do or to see in Dubai like desert safari, city tour, dinner in restarants in Dubai. We just ask for it and immediatelly they have an answer or a solution for us. I absolutely recommend Qamardeen to everyone!!I really beliave that must be a 5* hotel, and not 4*.	
Dec 23 2007	real luxury	the Qamardeen is really luxurious, the sister property of the Al manzil. compared to the Al Manzil the Qamardeen is more sedate, but equally as beautifull. Contemporary accomodation, clean minimalist design perfect blend of Arabic/modern. the staff are really helpfull especially Denver, and Gearald, the lobby barman.the pool is beautifull, if not a little unfortunatly placed, almost completely avoiding the sun.very comfortable beds, amazing bathrooms, plasma screen welcome also.the breakfast is OK, a bit steep at 75Dh, and not included in the room price, but was sorely lacking pork products, that are staple in other Dubai Hotels. they had a great cheese and wine night, with a huge buffet and 7 winesto taste, great value at 100Dh, Thursday and Friday night. I would definatly reccomend this hotel to anyone, although next time i would stay at the Al Manzil, only becuase it has an inner courtyard serving drinks and Shisha, and a great sports bar, with excellent food., also attatched to a lovely high end Souk!a great hotel, im amazed its only 4* and not 5! great price also!	
Dec 15 2007	Fantastic Service	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. During my stay I was taken ill and had to be taken to hospital. The staff went out of their way to facilitate the provision of medical treatment.Having been admitted to the hospital the Hotel's General Manager and Service Manager visted me at the hotel.This level of service evidences the overall commitment of the hotel itself to its guests.The only negative is that the hotel is in the middle of a massive building site, although that should not distract visitors as the hotel itself is fully complete.	
Dec 3 2007	Quality Qamardeen	Stayed here as part of a group booking during the Dubai Sevens rugby tournament. The hotel is very modern but still retains an Arabic feel to it. Although we were here for 4 days we didn't spend a great deal of time in the hotel, which is a shame. The rooms were spacious with funky bathroom set ups although only showers in the room not baths. The breakfast is surberb both on the quality, choice and service. The waiting and cooking staff were always very friendly and attentive, the hotel even started the breakfast service half hour early everyday as we had an early start. The hotel is right in the middle of a building site but it seems Dubai is one big building site. Overall a really good hotel.	
Nov 29 2007 	Wait on this hotel.....USA visitor	Just returned from a stay at the Qamardeen Hotel. This was my girlfriend and I's first trip to Dubai. We booked a package trip through an online agency and the Qamardeen was our accomodations. While the hotel itself is beautiful and the staff very, very friendly there were some issues that make me think it is not a 5 star hotel. The rooms are very strange. The shower/tub/sink are an extension of the bed area. Glass surrounds that area with no door between it and the bed. There are only shades that can be pulled down to cover the tub area. This room is DEFINITLY not good if you are with kids or another couple. The toilet is in another area of room with a glazed over glass door. This is your only seperation between being on the toilet and the bedding area. This door definitly doesnt protect against sounds and you can see the shadow of the person and what they are doing while laying on the bed! One pillow and one of the chairs in the bedding area had stains on them. As far as location I would wait at least 3 years before staying there. The whole area is a construction site as they are building the worlds tallest building and other residential buildings in that area. You MUST take a taxi to and from the hotel if you want to do anything. Taxi's will cost you around $8-$12 US each way to just about anything in Dubai.During the Sept through Feb months the hotel pool only gets sun from sunrise until about 10am everyday. The rest of the day it is in the shadows making laying out by the pool to catch some rays impossible. The staff while super friendly dont know anything about what to do or see. They did try very hard to give us accurate information but they lacked the knowledge to give us that information. I was wrongly advised about seeing the camel races, going to the race track and getting in to see the Burj Al Arab (the 7 star hotel). All of this wrong information caused us to have to have back up plans and cost us valuable time in Dubai as we were only there for 3 nights. I would recommend the hotel staff to get out more and become involved in the activties/sights/etc of Dubai so that they can give accurate, thoughtful and correct information about what to see and so. Lastly for those looking to get into the Burj Al Arab, whether it be to have lunch, drinks, dinner, or just to see the lobby dont go through your hotel concierge. Call the Burj yourself and see what they have. We took an alternate route and booked a Spa treatment by calling them directly. Once inside the lobby we spoke with the hotel concierge at the Burj and they were able to get us into the sky view restuarant on the 27th floor. Its much easier to do when you are face to face with someone rather than over the phone. From being told by our concierge at the Qamardeen on Saturday that there was no way to get into the Burj we spent nearly 8 hours in and around the Burj that very next day by making calls to the Burj ourselves. Hope this helps!	
Jul 10 2007 	Quality Qamardeen	From the moment we stepped into the lobby at Qamardeen we felt relaxed and ‘on holiday’. We live in Dubai and thought we’d treat ourselves to a little luxury weekend away. Dubai is one big construction site, but once you step into Qamardeen it is easy to forget this fact. From the outside the building is very Arabic and from the inside Arabic meets contemporary – in style. The hotel has a boutique feel; contemporary décor, modern art, feature lighting and very funky piped lounge music. The staff are all welcoming and friendly. Rooms are very comfortable with plenty of space for 2 and all the usual facilities; in room safe, tea &amp; coffee, mini bar – but the big bonus is free internet. The bathrooms are gorgeous; open plan glass surrounds with sandstone tiles (private w/c!) with blinds for privacy and separate shower and bath - and lovely soap! Dinner and breakfast were both excellent with plenty of delicious choices. The pool area is just beautiful – not huge, but very peaceful – even with construction going on! Whilst everything about the hotel was impressive, the most outstanding point is the service. I really must commend Qamardeen on the exceptional staff; friendly, welcoming, helpful and just plain nice!	
Feb 11 2007	Avoid for now	The Qamardeen is a new hotel that opened up in December 2006. I stayed here in February 07. The hotel itself is nice, modern, with arabesque designs. The swimming pool looks nice and is heated. The staff is friendly. However, the staff is also very inexperienced. Everything takes twice as long as it should, as they struggle to find out how the reservation system and check-in works.Aalso, there is no knowledgeable concierge, the only thing he does is give you a map and a call a taxi. The problem is, this hotel is in the worst possible location. On all sides it is surrounded by construction sites and cranes. Apart from the noise, this means that there is nothing to do and nowhere you can walk. Absolutely nothing. So you are completely dependent on taxis to get anywhere. Problem is, there are no taxis. everytime you need one they will call one for you and it arrives 20 mins later. Because of the construction, taxis that leave the area cannot turn towards the city and need to take a u-turn that takes 10 mins (no kidding!) So add half an hour to every trip. There is a restaurant in the hotel but it is always empty, so if you want a bit of atmosphere you will have to go someplace else. Once the constructon is finished, this might be a nice area to stay. (this district under construction is called 'the Old Town'- only in Dubai can you build an 'old' town!). until then, I would avoid and stay somewhere more accessible.	
Oct 12 2009 	Incrível Localização		
Aug 30 2009 	Traumhaft und wie im Märchen		
Jul 4 2009 	Sin pegas.... totalmente recomendable		
Apr 27 2009 	Superlativo		
