Nov 15 2009 	Excellent apartment and facilities in secluded location...	The arabian suites were located in Bur Dubai, but every taxi driver struggled with its location...but this didnt matter as the apartment and facilities (gym and pool) were ideal for short term vacations. The staff were very helpful and attentive.	
Nov 2 2009 	Priceworth very serviceminded staff	Zagy Arabian Suites is now branded ABC Arabian Suites. Very large apartment, reasonable prices including breakfast. Staff is very friendly, rooms are daily serviced. The aprtment is rather difficult to find even with gps, because the building has no number. No streetlights. Would definately stay there again	
Oct 29 2009 	Dirty	Its not 4 star hotel, maybe 2 or 3 star. Worst thing was dirty floors and walls and cleaners didnt change dirty towels or sheets. Poolarea was dirty too (we was there only one time). Breakfast was ok, but Indian customers (families) was very noisy. Location of the hotel was quite bad, metrostations are far away (always have to take a taxi). It was still moneyworthy (9 nights/380€).	
Oct 23 2009 	NZ Arabia you are so right!	Stayed at this hotel in June this year,never again!Rooms so, so,Pool area disgusting,&quot;breakfast&quot; a joke.Only highlight were the staff.All very helpfull but overworked.The girl on the front desk told us she hadn't had a day off for a month.If looking for somewhere to stay that won't break the bank try The Golden Sands apartments,miles better.Oh and AZ Arabia you were well and truely stitched up with the phonecalls.All local calls in the UAE are free.	
Oct 20 2009 	Dont stay here	Since this hotel got good reviews I decided to stay here. Firsty my room was so dirty, filthy cupboard doors, kitchen surface, oven, table tops, hair on the floor, dirty rugs, I wiped to surfaces with a white towel..it was black. I had to get housekeeping to come and clean the place..at 10pm at night, and vacumm the apartment myself. When I went to go to the airport at 5.15am, all the staff were asleep on the front desk and chairs in the lobby. Breakfast was terrible, dirty room, cockroach ran out from under the bread basket. Pool was closed. Corridor outside my room smelt like a toilet. Woman at the front desk rude and unapologetic. They charged me a horrendous price for 4 local calls and there was no sign or information saying that calls would be charged. My family arrived from NZ, and I had organised this hotel, I was embarrassed to have booked this place. I wouldn't recommend anyone stay here.	
Aug 18 2009 	Not Baad	Nice hotel apartment, with kichnette. oven, fridge, washing machine, gas stove and lcd tv make our stay comfortable. but i dosnt like the smell inside room. i use a full bottle of my deodrent to get rid of smell. room and bathroom quite comfortable but location is not that good. remote area and u have to walk 400 mtr to get some nice resturants.	
Jul 30 2009 	Excellent	I stayed in a 2 Bed apartment and it was nicely decorated to a very high level ie. Plasma screen,remote controlled lighting etcIt was not the usual dated furniture.We had 2 ensuites plus another toilet.The kitchen was well equiped and also had a washing machine.There is a small shop behind the mosque but also a large supermarket just 5 minutes walk with a Chinese Reastaurant.There is also a an Indian restaurant ( Gazebos) , a veggie restaurant next door and a pastry shop nearby.Our room was facing the mosque and it was not noisy.The reception staff were extremely helpful and we always found taxis.The hotel does have its own taxi service but this is more expensive (£10) for a ride from Bur Dubai to Deira.I booked through Asiatravel and got a really good rate.I paid at the hotel.sameer	
Apr 6 2009 	Enjoyed my stay	I stayed at Zagy’s Arabian Suites in November 2008 for 9 days. I was in a one bedroom apartment, though I only paid for a studio. The apartment was massive, with 2 big bathrooms, fully equipped kitchen (washing machine!), and massive living room. The décor is modern chic. The hotel swimming pool is on the small side but perfectly adequate for refreshing dip, and there is a gym with dedicated hours for women only. The bed was extremely comfortable and room service was fine. Generally the hotel seemed very quiet, there is a masjid (mosque) across the street so I did hear the 5am call for prayer, but this is an Islamic country so you will hear that wherever you are. It only lasted for a short time though and then it was back to being quiet again. Breakfast was included in the rate and it was good. A choice of various hot items plus toast, fruit and pastries will keep most people happy and they change the selection daily. The staff were very friendly and helpful. One downside is that you have to pay for internet and local calls, but I have been told this is the case across Dubai. There are some internet cafes where it is cheaper that Zagy’s rate of 15 Dhs an hour. For example on Al-Mankhool road across from the wonderful Lebanese Village restaurant (I ate there most nights, reasonably priced, nice food and service) there is an internet cafe in the shopping centre across the street which is only 5Dhs an hour. The hotel is in Bur Dubai off the Mankhool road in a new subdivision. Buses run along Mankhool road, and once you figure out how to read the bus map (which is posted at most bus stops), they are a cheap way to get around for a flat fare of 2 Dirhams per bus ride. The other way to get around is by taxi, but they are frustratingly difficult to flag down on the street. If this is your preferred mode of travel either phone ahead or wait in places where people are likely be dropped off (hotels, shopping malls etc).	
Mar 11 2009 	luxury but beware the noise of the mosque!	my fiance and i stayed at the zagy for a week's holiday recently and thoroughtly enjoyed our stay.the apartment we were given was at the side of the hotel not facing onto the quiet road but at 5am all that is shattered by the call of the mosque!!that would be the only disadvantage to staying here, and a pair of ear plugs sorted that out for us the second night!the apartments are luxurious, clean and very modern with every convenience.the staff are attentive and friendly.the breakfast is only ok but good enough to get you started in the morning - we went with the staples of toast, cereal and coffee!the swimming pool is clean and cool - very important in the heat and there were plenty of loungers on the sun deck.the hotel weren't great for calling taxis, but it was very easy to flag one down. however many taxi drivers didn't know where the hotel was, so tell them mankool road near the richmond hotel - once the mosque comes into view, you'll know where you are!!i'd definitely recommend this hotel and would have no hesitation in going back there and staying there again in dubai.	
Feb 27 2009 	budget dubai at its best	After reading other reviews i was very wary about my stay at the zagy, my fears were unfounded . I found the staff to be very helpful and anything we needed we got within min utes. Our one bedroom apartment was very airey and light, the beds were comfortable and over all clean, being opposite the mosque you can hear call to prayer but only for 10 minutes or so, i have recommended it to my friends and we are going back again it is budget accomodation at its best	
Jan 31 2009	Highly Recommended!!!	Stayed at the Zagy in Jan09. Our usual preference is 5* beach resorts but we needed to be in the City and the Zagy came up on ebookers at an excellent rate including flights with Royal Brunei.Admittedly went with reservations with it being a 4* hotel (in Dubai there's a big difference between 3-4* and 5* hotels). We were very pleasantly surprised.The location is away from the hustle &amp; bustle so it can be touch and go getting a taxi, but on one occasion we were able to get one just as we came out and we got the number of one taxi driver who we got on with so every time we needed to go somewhere we arranged a time with him to pick us up outside - so that solved taxi problems.We got in very late evening and asked about an upgrade and we managed to haggle a bit and get it reduced. Their policy is to ask for a AED100 deposit for mini-bar which is returnable if you don't use anything.The hotel reception isn't grand at all, but the staff were very, very welcoming. And yes we can agree with the other reviewer about the lady from Africa, she is very helpful and we found the cleaning ladies very cheerful on the whole. One small point is they don't wash up your dishes when they clean the room.The wi-fi is very quick, easy to get on to and a real bonus that you can access from the rooms as the 'business centre' is really only two terminals just past reception by the lifts. It's AED15/hr which is expensive compared to around AED5/hr at internet cafes, but hotels are always more expensive and you can log in and out as many times as you need to until your hour is used up.The hotel has two buildings A &amp; B, both have got pools, but A's got the Gym and B's got the restaurant. We were in building A so going for breakfast meant going next door, but they're happy for you to call, place your order and will bring breakfast to your room for no extra charge (our rate also included breakfast daily).The restaurant is tiny but they have an acceptable range on offer for breakfast that can really set you up for the day. The 2-bed room suite was brilliant. Very spacious; modern; comfortable; good climate control, BIG kitchen - what they referred to as the mini-bar is a full sized fridge-freezer!The only negative points were that the room was short on some of the crockery/cutlery but we mostly ate out so didn't miss them but advised the hotel when we first got to the room to avoid problems later. There was also some advertised things missing - no in-room safe, bathrobes or shower curtain in one bathroom, but these things were all sorted out efficiently and quickly. We came across quite a few dust balls around the rooms, but generally the rooms were very clean.The morning call to prayer from the Mosque opposite is quite loud, so maybe ask for a room at the other side of the hotel.All in all we found very little fault with the accommodation and we found it a very acceptable alternative to our normal hotel choices, so much so that if we opt to stay in the city again, we would definitely go back there.	
Jan 7 2009 	Comfortable stay in Zagy	Zagy is located in a quite empty and quiet block, despite the mosque just in front of the hotel. Because of the location it´s hard to catch a taxi from the hotel, so it´s worth to walk to the gas station behind the hotel to get better luck with the rides! Rooms are big, clean and comfortable with equiped kitchen and balcony. The breakfest was very poor and the breakfest room was located in the other building next the hotel. Pool was ok, but the pool area was pretty dirty.	
Dec 2 2008 	Value For Money	Being a travel agent, we had got a fantastic deal of INR 5945/- per person including taxes for DEL-DXB-DEL ticket which I got booked or my wife and myself. Since my colleague's anniversary was on the same day 22nd Nov, he also booked it along with me.Now the next thing was sorting the hotel. I was told that Bur Dubai was a good area to stay. All the hotels that we looked at were kind of expensive as we did not want to spend too much. Then, we came across this hotel which had a 4 star rating and and their 2 bedroom suite was matching our budget. We booked it thru a website. The hotel is located on a quiet street right opposite to a mosque. The suite that we were given had 2 spacious bedroooms, a dining table, a sitting area, 2 attached bathrooms and a fully equipped kitchen. All in all, it was very good apartment. The swimimg pool, which is located on the rooftop, had very cold water. The breakfast was average or probably below average in my opinion. There is vegetarian restaurant about 5 mins walk and a supermarket about 3 mins walk from the hotel.Overall, it was a value for money deal and if I were to go back, I would like to stay there again.	
Nov 3 2008 	Clean and safe - Was lucky to find this hotel.	The hotel itself is lovely and in a safe area. There is a Mosque across the parking lot so be ready to wake up at 5am! There is also a grocery store behind the Mosque. Very convenient for quick trips.DO NOT USE the hotel cab. You will be charged triple the rate or more. They seem to make it up as they go along. Just go to the main street and get a cab. Not always easy but it's worth the saving. On my last day, they tried to charge me 100 dirhams for a 25 dirham trip to the airport. Also, their drivers are not always knowledgeable of Dubai. My last driver was so unsafe and new to Dubai and driving , I didn't think I was going to make it to my destination. In fact, I was very late - to the Burj Al Arab. One of the most famous hotel in the region and a cabbie can't find it? Give me a break!There are 2 gyms and 2 pools. One was working when I was there and the Gyms are a little frustrating in that you have to call to have them unlock the door even during gym hours. But it is very clean and the equipment is good.The free breakfast is pretty good. A mix of Middle eastern and Indian food. Also traditional eggs and toast options The staff in the coffee shop are very nice! As is the nice man who cleans the rooms and the lady who operates the gyms.If there is anything you need, be sure to ask the wonderful Kenyan lady on the day shift. Avaoind the male evening staff. She is the most knowledgeable and honest person there. Her prices were always fair and correct and you never felt she was cheating you. She was a pleasure!All in all, I enjoyed my stay. I loved the room ( has a washer dryer + full kitchen!!!!) and I would absolutely recommend it to others. Like anywhere, there are small annoyances to be aware of but the hotel over all is great.	
