Jun 19 2009	Terrible Stay	I returned to the Angsana for a weekend with my family as my first stay was stay on a buisness trip in January was very pleasant, however on the return trip the room was not clean, stains on bed, dust everywhere and the room attendant seemed annoyed that he had to redo the room. Breakfast buffet was downgraded from my last visit and deffinetly not up to any 5 star standards. Service was below average and not even the restaurant manager seemed to know what was on the menu.I asked to speak to senior management regarding this issues but was told that noone was on duty.Spend your money somewhere else as they dont seem to care at all about their guests.	
Jun 3 2009 	Excellent location lovely Suite	Angsana Dubai is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at. It is located in the heart of Dubai...two huge 50-storied towers right in the middle of Sh. Zayed Road! You have a number of restaurants and pubs all around you on both sides of Sh. Zayed Road. The suite we stayed in was really amazing. It was divided into a kitchen area and the bedroom area. The kitchen was well equipped with absolutely everything that you would need right from making noodles to cooking a five course dinner.The bedroom was quite cozy and you can even dim the lights using a master remote that controls most things in the room. The hotel has a number of amenities in the room...all the usual ones and some unique ones like a scented candle and an incense stick. The hotel has a rooftop swimming pool and you have a breathtaking view of the entire city from up there. Angsana Spa is considered to be one of the best in Dubai for its variety of massage therapies. I didn't actually eat at the hotel restaurant mainly because of the abundance of eateries all around. Another good thing about the location is its proximity to the two major shopping malls in Dubai, The Dubai Mall and Mall of the Emirates. So if you are bored in the room you can just hop over to Dubai Mall where you can literally spend an entire day.All in all, a wonderful place to stay at. Would highly recommend it.	
Apr 7 2009	We had a wonderful stay	My wife and I had a wonderful and enjoyable stay at the Angsana Hotel in Dubai. Our suite was excellent, with two big plasma screens, DVD player, free internet connection, kitchen with fridge, microwave, coffee machine, toaster, electric cooker, washing machine, etc. We will definitely book this hotel next time we fly to Dubai and do not hesitate to recommend Angsana hotel to anyone who plans to travel to Dubai on vacation or on business. It is ideal for families with children.Thanks to all the staff at Angsana Hotel who made our stay so pleasant.Mr. &amp; Mrs. DissanayakeFrankfurtGermany	
Apr 1 2009	Excellent service	I went to Dubai for the first time with my parents, and we stayed in Angsana. Our stay was wonderful, we had a Two Bedrooms Suite, and it was fabulous! The view was beatiful.From the bellman to the spa therapist, everybody was very nice and the service was more excellent at all times. They went the extra mile to satisfy our demands, specially the concierge. In room dining was great, the staff were always friendly and smiling on the phone and then in the room.We would definitely visit Angsana Dubai again!!!	
Mar 29 2009 	New hotel but dirty and location not great	Way too much dirt for this new hotel. I dont think they know how to clean the hotel. The pool bathrooms had water on the floor all day long and nobody attended to them. The food by the pool was awesome, loved the Fatoosh salad. Since the hotel is new, not too many things wrong with it. Starbucks was one block away, which was great, but can drivers had no idea where it was located. Great for a family that needs a 2 bedroom. Very very slow internet connection, but it was free.	
Jan 2 2009 	The worst hotel I have ever been to	Over all the hotels I have stayed in, Angsana Dubai is bottoming the list in terms of every criterion.I am a frequent traveler to Dubai, and having stayed in other hotels, I can compare to what I saw elsewhere. Angsana is definitely the worst by far- the rooms are incredibly small compared to same priced and supposedly same service elsewhere (if you want a One bedroom apartment, check Somerset: Same price, and rooms 3 times as big- the staff is the most incompetent and unfriendly I have had to deal with. An example would be when I came back one day and found out that an item of mine was missing. I had to speak to at least 10 people, who would eventually be very affirmative in telling me that they did not loose anything, and would refuse to pass me to their manager even after asking 5 times.An example of incompetency would be how poor the cleaning of my room is done every day: If I do not think of putting a used glass in the sink, it would stay dirty as it is on my bedside table, or if I leave a trunk in the bathroom, I would find it hanged with the face towels instead of in the bedroom.I could also cite the time when I gave a suite to the cleaning and when they called me at 11.30pm to ask if it was a right time to bring it back, or the time when I requested breakfast at 7.30am, and the kitchen woke me up at 6am to apologize they did not have Frosties and wanted to know if I was fine with Chocopops (What the hell???).Not to tell the time where I put a Do not Disturb on the door and that someone knocked the door and in a gasp entered the room. I did not have the time to react or say anything after the knock and he was already in while I was naked off the shower. This did not seem to bother him as he barely apologized.I have enough stories like that to write a full book on hospitality services.- The lift are simply the worst I have seen in my life: As experienced by other guests here, you could be waiting sometimes up to 20 minutes, and see lifts passing by your floor both up and down and not stopping. Basically, if you are planning on meeting someone at the reception, better plan on taking the elevator at least 15 minutes in advance, and there will still be good chance you will be late. Also, prepare yourself to meet with as many staff in the elevator as there are guests in the whole hotel. Every time I take the elevator, I have to prepare myself to meet with at least a dozen staff, both in the corridors of my floor (why would there be almost permanently 5 or 6 staff walking around doing this and that on a floor where there are only 10 rooms?), and in the elevator (the architect must have forgotten to put elevators for staff in his blue prints. Consequently, you would ALWAYS meet staff in the elevator with various cleaning items. Ultimately, you will end up with the feeling you are actually disturbing them.As stated here by others, even if at the time I write this review the hotel has been open for more than 6 months, no taxi seem to know what or where it is. This is mainly due to how bad designed is the entrance (the hotel is indeed on Shekh Zayed road (main road of Dubai), but the entrance is hidden on the behind, inside the parking. Nothing on the roadside indicates what the building is and that it is actually in use. The direct result is that you would need to walk cab drivers to the hotel every time, and people coming to visit you will have difficulties to find the place.Really: Don’t go to Angsana. There are loads of apartment hotels and hotels in Dubai, plenty much better on any possible criteria in the same price range. I though that Maroj Rotana was the worst in Dubai and the world before I can here, but I found that Angsana did so bad that I think it would really be impossible to anyone even trying to do worse.	
Nov 17 2008 	Good Experience!	UPS- Excellent room, with big plasma TV, DVD player, FREE OF CHARGE wireless connection, complete kitchen with fridge for a whole family, microwave, coffee machine, washing machine, etc- Excellent Food at Room Service- Nice and efficient Staff, always ready to help- Location near the Exhibition Center, Financial Centre.DOWNS- Bad location for taxi drivers. They dont know where the hotel is and there is NO big signal on the road or top of the building.- Sometimes it is not easy to get a taxi there. But staff is helping a lot and finding one for you in 10 min.- Price a bit higher compared to other reputated hotels in the same area.	
Nov 2 2008 	Exceptional Hotel	We had booked this hotel last minute and after reading the mixed reviews were not expecting the hotel to be exceptional. However once we had arrived, our check in was smooth, the staff were very polite, courteous and professional at all times and our room was very nice.We had booked a studio and all the facilities were new and in full working order. For sleeping, there was a couch for our 5 year old and a complimentary baby cot for our 2 year old.I think being a new hotel only 6 weeks old it may have suffered some teething problems initially (hence the bad reviews) but if you are thinking of staying at the Angsana I would say do not hesitate.The hotel is difficult to find at the moment as the front entrance is still being built - only the suites are open and the entrance is at the back of the hotel, once the actual hotel is open the entrance will be much easier to access.The lifts seemed to be in need of reprogramming since they seemed to be take a while in arriving but this was not a big deal.The choice of restaurants is limited but there are a variety of restaurants nearby on the Sheikh Zayed RoadThere is a lot of construction everywhere in Dubai but we could not hear any noise of the construction nearby. We found that booking a taxi from the hotel did not take long to arrive.Having stayed in many of the 5 star hotels in Dubai, this is definitely one of our favourites and the location is ideal as its quite central to the Marina, Jumeriah Beach, the Creek, Bur Durbai and Deira.We will definitely consider returning to this hotel next time we are in Dubai.Thank you to all the Angsana staff who made our stay so pleasant. Particular mention for Harold in Concierge.Traveller from London	
Nov 2 2008 	great stay	The service is the best part of this hotel. From the airport pick up to check out, the staff were friendly and helpful. In a busy city like Dubai, it is nice to return to a hotel with a homey feel. The rooms and all facilities were extremely clean and brand new. The complete kitchen and spacious living room made this hotel great value for money. Only drawback is that the bathroom and bedroom areas were a bit on the smaller side.	
Oct 12 2008	Thanks guys	Dear Angsana staff,I would like to thank you for the heavenly week my husband and I spent at your hotel a couple of weeks ago.From the first moment we felt special and warm; the smiles, the personal attention, the service and food were just great.Our room was very pleasqant with the burning incense.But I have to say that the couple's massage we received at the Spa was the most unique. It was just perfect.The only thing that was annoying was the long wait for taxi everywhere in Dubai, perhaps you would like to consider a shuttle service of some sort or a limo ?Again thank you Angsana for a great week, my husband and I will definetly recommend your hotel to our friendsBest regardsLarisa	
Oct 7 2008 	Hell on earth	Just spent 4 nights at the Angsana in Dubai on business and whilst I travel internationally for business on a regular basis, this hotel has to be very very near to the bottom of the list of all time bad hotels.Sure its brand new and is clean and smells fresh, however thats about where the good points end. The furnishings and fittings in the room whilst modern, are very ikea like, with hard uncomfortable lounges and cheap lino floors (which I believe expand and contract making loud noises during the night).The hotel is very difficult to get to (you need to keep doubling back through construction sites until you get to the hotel entrance). In the Dubai traffic it takes a very long time to arrive (as you can't access it directly from Sheik Zayed Road even though thats where it is located.On check in, there were almost a dozen reception staff hanging around the front desk, but even this multitude of staff couldn't seem to manage the check out of 2 guests and my check in. I kept being asked to sit down whilst waiting for service (so after the 4th offer from as many reception staff, I finally agreed). The lift to take me to my room took about 8 minutes to arrive (which I found out later was a good period in the scheme of things - they usually take much longer).My bag took 45 minutes to find its way to my room, it was only due to the ordeal of having struggled to make it there and check in ordeal that I didn't have the energy to phone and complain.In the morning, the lift took 15 minutes (some of them I could see where either resting on floors or stuck) others kept zooming up and down past me but none seeming to want to stop at my floor (which was only half way up the building - I perish the thought of staying anywhere near the top!)On return to my room one day, it hadn't been cleaned at all and my key wouldn't work. So after waiting for a long time for a lift to go up, then down again I was told by the reception staff that I should wait until the key registers. I explained that I know when a key does and doesn't work and this one doesn't work as the light flashed red instead of green. I then took the 15 minute wait for a ride elevator back up to my room.All in all, don't stay here unless you like staying in the middle of a construction zone, in a place that takes you way too long to get to, with inefficient facilities and inefficient staff.Very dissapointing.	
Sep 28 2008 	Enjoyed my stay	John MichaelGaskins Rd, Wembley, UKI had a very enjoyable stay together with my wife at the Angsana Hotel and Suites Dubai during the first week of September 08 and was happy to have one of the best hotel experience especially with the very friendly front office and restaurant staff. The remarkable service along with the cheerful faces were major contributor to our happiness.My wife and I had a wonderful and relaxing Spa treatment and we are looking forward to enjoy it when we have our first chance to go back, many thanks to the very professional Spa staff.The only thing that was not up to our expectation was the heat and humidity which did not allow us to enjoy the open air pool on the rooftop.I really enjoyed the personalized service throughout my stay, and praise the staff on their good service,.John Michael	
Aug 22 2008	what a nightmare	The worst hotel I have ever stayed in.There is very little here that can be regarded as 5 star either in terms of facilities, attitude or service; save the trouble and anguish and go somewhere else, there are truly brilliant hotels in Dubai.Being a fan of Banyan tree and Angsana, I booked on a promotion which was an introductory offer. This did not point out that I would be a guinea pig, that it would take 45 minutes to check in because the staff could not operate the system, that the spa was not running, the hotel was a building site, the room stank of sewerage, the aircon didnt work, the lifts were faulty, corridors full of litter, and that this is NO WAY anywhere near a 5 star hotel related in any way to Banayan tree. The managers had no idea as to what being a 5 star hotel meant at all or as to what customers service meantThe lowlight of the experience was that I was awoken at 3am by screaming children, banging doors and banging on the walls. The phones didnt work (!) and when the children refused to keep quiet, I had to get dressed and go to reception (via a 10 minute wait for a lift in an empty hotel) where the duty manager asked me if I wanted to move rooms (!)A sleepy eyed guest, half dressed in a five star hotel iI was told that they couldn't control their guests and that to reach reception one needed to dial 300 with no phone directory; the obvious choice after trying 9, 0, 00, 99 etc. I was exhausted and went back to bed.Night 2 was the same. The hotel chose not to move the noisy guests and the duty manager told me (the quiet guest trying to get a nights sleep) that I could move elsewhere to another hotel.There are such outstanding hotels in Dubai; Banyan tree and Angsana are great hospiltality brands in themselves, but stay here at your peril.Writing this down leaves me stunned; the staff and managers were so incompetent what does one do except warn others?	
Sep 22 2009 	??????		
Apr 19 2009	Tolle Zimmer alkoholfrei		
