Jul 13 2009 	Very Good Value for Money	Affordable, clean, no-thrill small hotel. Very good choice if you want a decent hotel and do not have a small fortune to spend on it. Delmon has excellent location, walking distance to Creek , short taxi ride to center, souks, malls, attractions. Clean rooms, although will need redecoration soon. Restaurant not great, but ok. Free net and helpful reception staff. Free shuttle to beach makes it good alternative to beach hotels at a quarter of their prices. A small pool and gym on the roof. If you come here to explore not to spoil yourself and can live without the ulimate luxury and service that top end Dubai hotels offer (at a price), Delmon is an excellent choice	
Jun 13 2009 	Not worth it	We checked in to Delmon Hotel in late May and stayed for almost two weeks (booked through booking.com). The hotel is located in the very center of Dubai/Deira, in walking distance to the clock tower. However, one should bear in mind that it may be rather unwise to walk around at daytime when it is about 40+ degrees hot and extremely humid. The hotel has a pool, a roof top bar (they serve cold Heineken) and a night club on the ground floor.Staff was very friendly and supportive. This is about the biggest plus of the hotel, apart from its central location (see above).The Room was unclean and stinky, and even substantial airing didn’t help as some previous guest must have smoked heavily in this non-smoker room. Daily cleaning didn’t really improve the degree of cleanliness.The toilet stunk despite daily cleaning.Most annoyingly, the bumping beat of the nightclub music made its way night after night up to the fifth floor where we were staying, which made sleeping in times somewhat difficult.The pool was filled with filthy water. They had the results of an (impeccable) bacteriological analysis on display – dates back from March.The breakfast buffet was nothing spectacular, but ok. Again, staff was very helpful and nice.The roof top bar frequently closed at random times, sometimes as early as 10 p.m. So, the cold Heineken wasn’t a reliable pleasure.	
May 24 2009	Convenient hotel for Dubai visitors	We made use of our stopover in Dubai to explore the city for a couple of days. We choose the Delmont for accomodation because it is close to the airport and offers a free shuttle service. Besides it is a good starting point to visit all places of interest in the city (as Dubai is quiet large and temperatures in May are very high, it should be noted that visiting the city by foot is impossible). The staff was friendly and our hotel room was ready for us as early as 7:30 in the morning (when our flight arrived). Thee room was in a good shape and had a comfortable size. Besides a small gym the hotel offers a pool on the roof of the building which is a nice opportunity to refresh. Unfortunatly the swimming pool cloed at 6 pm during our stay. Breakfast was good and appropriate.Conclusion: ideal hotel for poeple wanting to explore Dubai on their journey through with good cost/performance ratio.	
Feb 3 2009 	Will not go there again	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. Room is clean, ordinary restaurant, expensive nightclubs, staffs not very polite. And I was gonna take a lady to my room, first they charged me for 100DHS and then I waited from 1.00a.m to 3.00a.m until they permitted me to go to my room and then they called me several times at 6.00a.m and asked me to send the girl out. I reckon I won't go there anymore.	
Jan 31 2009 	Superior customer service	I stayed for six days at Hotel Delmon en route to Kish Iran and two days upon my return. The service and accomodations were absolutely the best I have had at any hotel. In addition, they helped me book a one day diving trip to Oman that was one of the peak experiences of my trip. Thank you, thank you, thank you to everyone at Hotel Delmon from a very satisfied traveller.	
Dec 22 2008 	I like it	I stayed at Delmon hotel at the beginning of December. This was my first visit to UAE so I can’t compare it with other hotels. But still the atmosphere was very friendly and pleasant, mostly due to the personnel. Almost all of them were amiable and communicative. That fact made up for the size and age of the hotel.First night we had to sleep on the second floor and the noise from disco was really heard. But the next day we moved up to the 5th floor and it was much better. I liked the food greatly, it was very tasty, well-done and rather diverse. On the roof there are wonderful shisha and hot chocolate.The location is good. Besides, everyday shuttle took to the beach or to the shopping mall.I’m sure the fourth star Delmon hotel got was for the amicability )	
Nov 24 2008	Delmon Hotel - You could do a lot worse!	I was searching for a hotel that was reasonable value and not too far from town, yet a good base fo business...I found a few that fitted budget and just went for the one that seemed to tick most peoples boxes and had least negative complaints - now dont get me wrong, this one had a few bad reviews but I'll give itmy best shot to be objective.First off, i was chuffed to be met off my flight by a hotel driver - i wasnt sure if they did free shuttles and when i got emirates to ring the hotel to ask for me (by the way, Emirates is the only way to get here - do a fab job) they patched me to the driver who said he was waiting for me with a sign - that will teach me to look. Most hotels i have stayed at in the past have all charged for the shuttle service or ive had to get a taxi.On arrival, i was aware i was 5 hours early for check in, however, when i asked if i could drop my bags and go to the pool, they told me my room would be ready in 10 min and to help myself to breakfast while i waited - again, FOC!!!They ask for your passport when i checked in and I wasnt sure if i would get it back, however, they returned it as soon as i asked without any problem - i think they just take a copy for their records.The hotel is next to a new build of apartments (to try and find one thats not next to contruction work in Dubai is fairly difficult!) but in faireness, I didnt hear any noise - i was on the 3rd floor, room 230 on te other side.The rooms are clean, comfy and fairly up to date decor wise. IT was as quiet as could be expected for a downtown hotel.Pool was nice - if you like watching contrution and airplanes then this is the place to relax! Serious though, its alright - fab service from the staff and pool bar team. Addd bonus is they have wifi on the roof and in reception - in the rooms they have a wired connection (but this is not obvious).Food wise - its ok. Breakfast is more than adequate (I stuck to omlettes cooked by the chef) and the one and only dinner i had in the resaturant was ok - there are better places to eat on the main street 5 mins walk away if you want more choice.Staff - not one person was unhelpful. They remember your face and room number with spooky ease and are always at your service.Summary: Good service, Good Value, Good Hotel. There are better hotels but expect to pay for them!!	
Nov 2 2008 	Quite satisfactory	Been staying there for five nights with my wife, enjoyed it as a reasonably priced hotel with good service and good attention to the tourists' needs. Having read the previous reviews, I've been somewhat alamed by those reports of the disco noise when they assigned our room to the 3rd floor - but actually faced no such problem there. Their restaurant downstairs was a comparatively small one with a rather modest selection for breakfast - but I didn't really expect much in that way in Dubai for that price.	
Apr 9 2008 	Perfect!!!!!	We stayed at Delmon Hotel for 4 nights. I had read that I should avoid the 2nd floor because of the noise of the disco, so when we went at 8.00 in the morning to check-in, I told them not to put us at the 2nd floor. The surprise? They gave us a deluxe suite on the 5th floor!! WOW!!! It was amazing! The staff is perfect, very efficient and polite! They will service you the best! Breakfast is OK, it has a dinner buffet for only 45 dhs=8 euro per person, it really deserves the money you pay! The location is just perfect for Deira, You can go to Deira City Centre in a 10 minutes walk. Also there is a super-market near the hotel. If we come back to Dubai we will stay for sure at Delmon Hotel!!!!!	
Feb 12 2008	a good one	i liked it there i stayed for 4 days and really enjoyed . the room was very clean , the facilities were new and reasonable . breakfast was so comprehensive , lunch acceptable . the pool was on roof and joyable .the location was very good , near city center , saat square and somehow near naser square . staff were friendly but could hardly speak in english .the only negative point : the noisy disco . stay away from 2nd floor ,because the noisy disco won't let u sleep till 2-3 am .i had this problem and when asked to relocate,they did it for me the next day ,just stay away from the 2nd floor and u will like it .	
May 16 2007 	Great Hotel	I was a bit apprehensive going at first because of its previous reviews, but from when i checked in to when i checked out, the service and the hotel facilities was impeccable.The location is perfect. As soon as you set out of the hotel, the Gold Souq is right there. There are pleanty of nooks and crannies to explore, many ATMs, cashpoints and places to eat.In the evening, the hotel is visited by many tourists and many neighbouring arab nationals. This is because of the clubs. The clubs are a great place to pass the time and i recommend the Sangam nightclub, where you can request your fav songs and enjoy a great atmosphere.Overall, this was one of the best holidays i've been to and woudl definitly recommend holiday makers to go visit this hotel.Breakfast was ordinary, but there are so many eating joints that this was not such a big issue.The rooms are ordinary, but clean and the bath/shower does have plenty of hot water.A big plus.PS. always negotiate the cab fare with drivers, before you get in and usually, the drivers will start off with 5BD.	
