	You can't do better than this!	This was my second trip to the Jumeirah Beach and a first for my partner. When he saw the price of the room I was booking, he tried to convince me to stay somewhere else, but I insisted. After about an hour at the hotel, he was hooked too. The Jumeirah Beach has everything one can ask for in a resort - beautiful location, great food and drink, amazing facilities (including the pools and beach itself, as well as a great spa), incredibly pleasant staff, etc., etc. If Dubai weren't so fascinating, it would be easy to just stay on the grounds for the whole trip! We were driving and the hotel also has convenient self parking and easy access to other parts of the city. I can recommend the Jumeirah Beach with no reservations.	
	Luxury luxury and more luxury	We arrived at the hotel early in the morning after an over night flight, the staff amended our breakfast to accommodate our early arrival, we had a short wait for a room which we were allocated early, the room was very well appointed with quality complementary toiletries, plenty of water and even sun block and lip balm. All rooms come with a sea view and a Burj Al Arab view, which is a spectacular touch. We ate at a number of the hotels restaurants which we found reasonable for a 5 star hotel, even though the exchange wasn’t favourable during our visit. We took the opportunity to visit the Burj Al Arab and we were shuttled there and back on the complimentary golf buggies, this is well worth the visit and is complimentary for hotel guests. The private beach was manned by hard working staff (it was well over 100C everyday) looking after the guests supplying us with ice lollies and showers of cold water. I have to say that in all the hotels and places I have visited I have never met more genuinely friendly, helpful, hard working people, their dedication to their roles whether it was the hotel manager, concierge or house keeping staff was second to none. I would recommend a stay here without any qualms. One word of advice would be to research the weather conditions when planning a visit, its was well over 100C everyday during our visit is September adding the humidity on top of that made it uncomfortable to be outside.	
Nov 24 2009 	EXCELLENT HOTEL AND WELL WORTH EVERY PENNY	I am writing this review despite having stayed in the hotel 9 months back because on two holidays I have had since I have realised just how good this hotel is and cant help myself comparing everywhere to it!I stayed for 4 nights with my parentsto celebrate Dad s 50thWe booked the executive package- this is good value as you have free soft drinks, snacks, canapes and alcohol for couple hours each evening all for free. You can also use exec pool which was lovely (they serve complimenatry ice lollies around the pool) the toilets have toothbrushes, sunscream, moisturiser- everything you could need for a day by the pool. The package we booked also included private chauffer transfers - this was great we were met at airport even before you colect your luggage and escorted throught the aiport with no hassle/ queng etc- very VIP!There are lots of nice touhes in the hotel and so so much to do.We enjoyed the waterpark and it was nice having free entry so we could come and go as we pleased. The restuarants are good- but pricey. The buffet breakfast was fantasic and nice to have a choice of restaurant to eat in, we favoured the beachcombers where you could eat outside with a fab view of the burj! Room service was good too, we only used it once but it was good quality and ok value for money.There are offers and meal deals to be had in restaurnats these are publicised in a newsletter you receive and on the room tv- these make dining and drinking more reasonable.The bedrooms are nice, but perhpas not as 'amazing' as you would expect. The decor is a little date. Although we booked the exec package which was to include an upgraded room we did not get this- we had a standard. I did enquire about it but apparantly there was no avaiability- so if you book a deal with the upgrade it may be worth emailing before you travel.Would love to return to Dubai and this hotel, although I m not sure if i could be persuaded to try the atlantis instaed!	
Nov 21 2009 	Mediocre service in a stunning property	This a luxurious hotel with a beautiful beach. The pool area is nice, but beware if you do not like country music, which is blasted non-stop. The drawback is the service: for Dubai standards people are rude, disrespectful and arrogant.	
Nov 20 2009 	Holiday of a lifetime!	We had booked this hotel for part of our honeymoon and began to wonder if we had done the right thing after reading the reviews on here. We had spoken to friends who have always had a fantastic time at this hotel so stuck with it. I am so glad we did. This was the most amazing hotel i have ever stayed in. We arrived at 8am, check in wasn't until 2pm, but they showed us straight to our room after a glass of orange juice. We spent the day by the pool and on the beach - Out of this world!!! From the service at the pool, free ice lollies to cool you down, change of towels everytime you got it, was superb. When we returned to our room we were given a cake, chocolates and a bottle of wine (Comlimentry as we were on honeymoon). Each morning our bed was made and chocolates were left on our pillows. The bar staff were fantastic. Happy Hour is a must! Drinks and food were reasonably priced, food quality was fantastic. The view from our room was just amazing. We are already looking at going back to this hotel next year.	
Nov 19 2009 	Had a lovely time but staff need to wake up	Went to JBH for second time. After an almost 2 hour wait in room last time for extra child beds they had promised would be ready (at 2am), we had our travel agent e-mail in advance to ensure they'd be ready, and they replied to say they would be. We arrived and beds weren't ready. Although, that was actually just as well, because the balcony room they took us into smelt very damp. I wouldn't accept that in a Travelodge so I was not very happy. Luckily a similar room was available 5 doors down. Then the beds arrived. Although there was no issue in moving us, I can't believe that the first room passed approval from the supervisor. It was so smelly. When the man from reception rang to ask if everything was finally ok, I said it was. He then proceeded to 'explain' that the reason the beds were not ready was because they didn't know whether we would require smoking or non-smoking rooms!! I asked him why this wasn't mentioned on the e-mail I received stating everyhing would be ready? He said that he wasn't responsible for that as he didn't send the e-mail!! It was not the attitude one expects from this sort of hotel. What made his excuse more pathetic was that I was not even asked whether I wanted a smoking or non-smoking room when we checked in!! What a shambles. Again.Anyway, despite this, we did have a good time. The rooms are big and it is nice to have a balcony. Spent most of our time around the children's pool and on the beach. We stayed on a half-board basis and for our first full night this extended to other restaurants (other than Latitudes and Beachcombers) so we tried La Carnevale. This was really nice but the service was so slow and we were the first customers in that evening. We had opted not to leave 2500 dirhams with reception (to have an account) due to our aforementioned experiences so we paid cash for everything (which caused confusion each time we ordered anything). When I paid in the restaurant (for the extras ) I only got half the change due. I had to call him back twice to get it right. Very bizarre.Went to Wild Wadi, but our children's favourite ride (summit surge) was closed for the duration for refurbishment. However, they loved the wave machine and spent most of our time there in that.Went to the pool bar on our last evening but they couldn't fathom out how to account for the two drinks I ordered at a table, along with the two drinks ordered by my husband and daughter, who were in the water. The weather was lovely as expected, and I don't think I could tire of looking at the JBH and the Burj.The kids club was fine and very cool after a morning in the sun. My 6 year old did the wall climbing but could only boulder, due to her age, but she enjoyed it. Went in the training pool which always had a free lane.Went on a desert safari with Arabian Adventures which was really good. Finally did a camel ride.Overall, we had a lovely time but the attitude of some staff was a bit annoying. Not sure if we will return next year. May try something different.	
Nov 17 2009 	Excellent Hotel for a Stopover or Holiday	We stayed at this hotel in April 08 and April 09. Both times it was a three day stopover to Mauriitus. I totally recommend this for a hoiday or stopover. This hotel is amazing. Everything you need is within the hotel with the bonus of the two sister hotels within reach. The food and service is outstanding. The rooms are lovely, gorgeous comfy beds and the best pillows ever. If you do want to go out, there is a courtesy bus to the Madinet, shopping Mall and Diamond center or taxis are really cheap The Jumeriah is very close to the airport so ideal for a short break . The only decision you will need to make is which one of the restaurants to use!	
Nov 16 2009 	Signs of decay	JBH used to be a landmark resort, in terms of location, facilities and service. Now with the opening of new luxury resorts in Dubai, the JBH starts showing signs of decay. Its location is still the best you can get in Dubai, but facilities (pool area, lobby, rooms) are now really becoming outdated. I stayed here two years ago and did notice a touch of shabiness in the public areas and hotel rooms, and was surprised that this time I found all in the same condition. Biggest surprise was that the once perfect and smooth organization of this hotel seems to have dissapeared. I found long queus at check in and out, there were problems with the account, and - worst - when we arrived at 3:30 pm none of the three rooms we reserved were ready. Only around 6 we could enter our rooms. Given the nightly rate at JBH I find this a serious issue. Although the hotel still has my sympathy, I think it is worthwile considering one of the newer resort options in Dubai.	
Nov 10 2009 	what a brilliant Hotel with staff making each individual feel extra special. felt like a Queen. thanks Jumeirah.	take lots of suntan lotion with sunhat, gets very hot. otherwise a must holiday to be at the Jumeirah beach hotel	
Nov 7 2009 	Brilliant Holiday - Same Time Next Year Please!!	Can I just start by saying I have never written a review after a holiday before, but so pleased with our experience to the JBH, I felt compelled to!!My girlfriend and I stayed at the JBH from 26.10.2009 for 5 nights and really really enjoyed our stay. So much so that we are hopefully coming back next year!!! Just for those reading this we are 30 and 31 yrs old and go on two/three holidays per year and are just normal people!!Everything about the holiday was fantastic from the service at the front desk, the beach and sea, the view and standard of our room (2116) and the food in the vast choice of restaurants. The young girl (sorry I didn't get her name) on concierge was excellent. Her knowledge and pleasant attitude was a real breath of fresh air. As too was the lady who worked tirelessly on reception on our arrival, and a special mention to the lady in the bar area of the dhow and anchor. All brilliant at their jobs. We even got a personal escort to our room and an explanation on how things work in the room (it was 3am!!)Even on arrival we were quicky given a welcome drink (we have had this before in other hotels, but still think this is a nice touch), and after asking were given the opportunity of a higher room with a better view. Although the room was a smoking room, the room didn't smell at all and the view was, well awesome. You really do feel like a celebrity in this hotel. They even gave us the chance to sleep in the room and if we didn't like it then we could chnge the following day. I had read reviews that the reception desk weren't that helpful, but all I can say is maybe they favour the polite people!!Nothing is too much trouble for the staff at the hotel either, all of them having a smile on their face constantly and more importantly, genuinely. If you are after a holiday with style and class this is the place. I am far from a snob, but it has to be said that the class of people sometimes lets a holiday down, but not this time. We have been fortunate enough to experience holidays all over the world including Dubai before, but this holiday surpassed even our expectations. After constantly being let down by holidays we had paid a lot of money for in the past, we have finally found somewhere that is just perfect. Keep up the good work!!The attention to detail this hotel has over its rivals is incredible. Constantly being cleaned and anything dropped on the floor quickly hoovered up by one of the ever willing and friendly staff members. Yes, there may be bigger, better hotels being built but for us this hotel couldn't be faulted. 10/10.Although we ended up going during the UK half term week ,and the prices naturally go a lot higher, we feel that this holiday was well worth paying that little bit extra for. It doesn't come cheap though so be warned!!! A lobster pitta (x2) with onion rings, a beer, and a watermelon juice on the beach for lunch was about £50. But in my opinion well worth it!!!The beach and sea are both superb. Plenty of sun loungers and fresh towels. Staff going around offering free ice lollies and the chance for food and drink to be brought to you. The sea is crystal clear with plenty of fish swimming by your feet and all in the setting of the Burj and of course 35 degrees heat!! The Wild Wadi free access makes it worth a visit too. With it so close to the hotel it is a must go, even for those not into those types of things!! Life is for living and the memories you get along the way.Before going, my girlfriend and I had planned a riverboat cruise and to do plenty of shopping at the malls, however these both fell by the wayside as we just couldn't bear leaving this wonderful hotel. Maybe next year when we return we will get round to doing this!!Overall - Brilliant setting, brilliant staff, brilliant place!! Albeit a little expensive for food and drink.Tips: 1.) Get taxis to wherever you are going - they are dirt cheap. No point in waiting for the free hotel bus. They stop at other hotels and take ages.2.) Madinat is close by and offers a choice of cheaper food and drink if that's what you are after. The hotel offer a free golf buggy to get there. Stop for a romantic photo shot at sun set by the Burj. Just offer the driver a tip and he will stop and take it for you!!3.) Check out the right hand lift at nighttime. Brilliant views. Kids love it.	
Oct 29 2009 	Great beach good value soft beds.	Greatest asset is the fantastic beach for swimming in the shadow of the Burj Hotel. This hotel is a little dated and lacks character compared to its newer neighbours but the price is lower. Good restaurant. Beds are too soft - need to replace mattresses. Gave us key to an occupied room when we checked in - there were people sleeping inside when we opened the door! Overall good value.	
Oct 29 2009 	Took our breath away	Booked a package with a hotel in Fujairah which is almost 2 hours transfer from dubai city and 100% not what we expected so decided to book one night here to make sure we sure saw and experienced the real dubai and wow we were not disappointed.Good bitsFantastic and personal service from check-in to 'after' check-out !We extended the room 2 hours and then stayed in the hotel using the facilities until midnight! This allowed and encouragedThe 25th Floor restaurant is world class - best steak I have ever eatenStaff were very very attentive (suggested restaurant and always on hand)Ice Lollies for free on the beach Massive Beach towels for all guests put on your loungersBest view while sitting on a beach one could imagine ! Marina / Burj and Altantis within viewWorld Class dive center in the complex ! Ask for Phil for total dive knowledge and for Instructor level PADI coursesComplimentary Wine / Nibbles / Water in roomFree Bus to mall of the EmiratesFood and Drink are world Class360 club / bar must have the best location in the world !Loads of swimming pools / restaurantsFree WIFI internet ! not very common in Dubai but all hotels should offer this for free !Bad Bitsonly had smoking rooms available with King Sized beds :( Even though booked non-smokingdidnt have record of our payment (via expedia)£400 for 1 night ! Drinks about 30% dearer than UK pricesFood about 20% dearer then other top restaurantstipBook with expedia via quidco.com and get some cashback Check out and leave cases with reception (very secure)Free bus to Mall every 30 mins but taxi is very cheap and quicker as bus stops at 2 other hotels.Cant imagine	
Oct 9 2009 	Great Hotel for Business or Vacation	Pools were excellent, location is great, food and restaurants are what you would expect from a Sirius Hotel...excellent. Pricey, but that's Dubai. Beach is beautiful and the 360 Club is AMAZING! Nothing like partying with the Burj Al Arab lit up behind you. You can't go wrong with this hotel...highly recommend for business and vacation travel. A true 5 star hotel. I still don't understand why anyone would stay in the city part of Dubai, especially since taxi's are so cheap. It was well worth the commuting so I could come back to this hotel and relax.	
Sep 29 2009 	well it had just won the award as the second best hotel in the world in 2002 when I went	the experience was great, there is everything there, great restaurants. 1000 years ahead from the rest of the other hotels	
Sep 26 2009 	Lovely hotel repetative food 3* service	Good location, nice hotel, food choice were very similar every night and not much better at breakfast. Kids club under going maintenance so no water play area, though we found out from the boat drivers at the neighbouring hotel on the last night that we could have used the facilities in all the hotels including the kids club. Pity the hotel didn't tell us earlier. Booked 2 adults and 2 kids (5 &amp; 1) on an inclusive half board deal but they weren't sure if the 5 yr old was included until we spoke to them the next day. Complimentary wifi except there was no wifi in the room, asked them twice to check it they said they would but didn't so gave up and sat in reception. The balcony was not swept once during our stay. The private and free acess to Wild Wadi was great. Would probably stay again but certainly the service was not worth the money or five stars.	
Sep 22 2009 	NOT a 5-star service	I've been there with my wife and two kids (4 and 7). The booking was on a bed &amp; breakfast basis for myself and my wife, so during check-in they insisted that we will have to pay for the kids if they take breakfast, we said OK, and we did. Two days later, we discovered at one of the restaurants that kids under 5 get complimentary breakfast. The restaurant asked us to get refund from the reception as we check-out, and he reception insisted we should get it from the restaurant since we paid cash. I just decided to make their life easy and left them the money altogether. Finally, as we were checking out, we called the concierge to take the luggage, and it took them almost FOURTY minutes to do so. WOW, definitely not a 5-star service!	
Sep 22 2009 	Time to move on...	Visited JBH in late May with 10 year old and 6 year old. Our 7th Dubai trip and 2nd to JBH. We had a good enough time but it is time to move on from the JBH, and probably Dubai in general. One of the main attractions of the JBH was the Wild Wadi, and the exclusive early morning access for hotel guests used to be a real bonus. Now, this is only on Saturdays, and the WW is getting rather tired. Other &quot;treats&quot; seemed to be missing eg. the movies on the beach, although they did have them in the main pool one nght a week. The JBH itself was very crowded, and at weekends numbers are swelled by locals using it as a beach club. The main downside with the hotel was the behaviour of the guests, of all nationalities. I echo many of the comments of other reviewers. Whilst the breakfast itself is excellent, with a wide and varied choice and helpful staff (who made my daughter's day every day by procuring especially crispy bacon to go with her pancake and maple syrup) it was rather ruined by the behaviour of those sitting around us. While it may have been the children who sometimes were misbehaving, it was clearly the parents' fault in not looking after them properly, and this was repeated around the hotel. Accept my apologies if I give two particularly unsavoury examples. At one breakfast, a two year old girl at the neighbouring table stood up on her chair and peed (no knickers or nappy (diaper)) - and her mother didnt move save to shout at the staff to come and clean it up and swap out the chair. Another day by the pool, a father was rinsing a very heavily soiled nappy (diaper) (and child) in the shower next to the pool. Enough said.We ate out a few nights at the Madinat, which was pleasant enough by the waterways near the souk. However, groups of drunk (often English) tourists staggering around, singing, gave it the atmosphere of a town centre at chucking-out-time rather than a 5* resort. Time to move on...	
Sep 22 2009 	fantastic -a must do before you die -then repeat it!!!	6 night stay -our first time -but not our last! this is the only hotel/place that i would keep coming back to.we paid extra for the Executive Club room but well worth it - you get more than your moneys worth back in drinks and eats -never mind about the executive pool complex.2 hour 'happy hour' 730-930 - any spirits/wine/fizzy and loads of it - tip your waiter a little and they will look after you - canapes brilliant (didnt have supper a couple of nights as full) then cheese and biscuits - oh and great afternoon tea and snacks as well!! fantastic pools and gym/spa complex - buggys take you all over the complex and to the next door Madinat complex(loads shops and reastaurants-noodle house and the meat co recommended)went in Ramadan but absolutely no problem - restaurants open all day in complex- no problem drinking water etc in the complex(even pool bars all open as are the wild wadi restaurants) even in the Mall of the Emirates the large buffet retaurant was fully open downstairs.just no alcohol served in hotel till 730pm.when you arrive at airport go to duty free and get drinks if you want (as you cant buy in dubai apart from bars(expensive)- heineken cans are what they have in the minibar so you can just top up with your own-they sell bacardi breezers and smirnof ice which also went in the minibar fridge and they didnt mind or charge anything.wild wadi great fun - you can go in an hour before open to public so do everything before gets busy.staff are amazing - very friendly helpful and genuinely seem to want to please - exec club staff make a real extra effort - . they have a good balance of helpfulness but not intrusive.food excellent - breakfast buffet endless- we ate at beachcombers as nicer atmosphere - also had the tuesday night seafood buffet there-well worth it (if you like seafood)all in all amazing place which i cant find a fault with and we are already planning a return!	
Sep 20 2009 	A fantastic family holiday!	We travelled to JBH in July with four children aged between 10 and 16. Having visited the hotel in 2002 without children we were slightly apprehensive about revisiting the hotel again in case it fell below our expectations. However, we needn't have worried. The hotel was still as beautiful and the service as good as it was in 2002. After careful consideration we upgraded to Ocean Premium Leisure Club rooms (booked before departure - we could get free drinks in the lounge during the day and go in for Afternoon Tea from 3-5pm. We never actually made the evening drinks at 7pm as we were completely full by then!). After a long night flight we arrrived at the hotel at around 9.00am. At check in we were escorted to the Premium Leisure Club lounge for a more personal check in and were able to help ourselves to the breakfast buffet. Only one room was available, but the view was a little disappointing so we turned it down and decided to make use of the pool and facilities while we waited for rooms to become available. The breakfast buffet selection was amazing and we never had to wait too long to be seated. Our children could not believe the range of food available and enjoyed going backwards and forwards and trying different things. After breakfast most days we took advantage of the early (free) entry to Wild Wadi Water Park. An hour or two was long enough for us to enjoy the rides before returning to the hotel pool. There were lifeguards everywhere - and they actually seemed to quite like children too!When the heat got too much for us we explored the shopping malls. Although the shops are much the same as in England the indoor ski slope and aquarium made these trips more interesting for the children. We travelled to and fro in a 6 seater taxi which we found incredibly cheap.All in all, we had an amazing holiday. Our 16 year olds never complained of being bored and completely appreciated all the small luxurious touches like Godiva chocolates on their pillows at bedtime and a plentiful supply of toiletries in the bathroom. The staff were all friendly especially the poor cleaner on our floor who had to deal with an extremely messy teenagers room. We wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to friends and family and can't wait to go back there one day.	
Sep 20 2009 	Slipping Standards Penny Pinching but still pretty good !	Been staying here since 2001 and whilst we enjoyed our stay, we did feel that the place was not quite as good as previous. A lot quieter than last year and lacking some atmosphere as a result. First time the Hotel have not exceeded our expectations ! We were staying on Club Executive package and found the service in the Premium lounge to be as good as ever. Thanks to Sharji and Albert for their usual top class service. Had a complaint during the holiday that the Duty Manager could not help with. He promised to get the General Manager to phone next day. That never happened. Think the Hotel Management have the attitude now that they are going to get the Business so stuff making any effort to keep their customers happy. Lots of small items that make me write the title of this review and overall a good time was had, but think it time for a change next year.	
Sep 19 2009 	Nice hotel	We just came back from JBH, we spent one night there. We arrived there on Thursday evening, unfortunately we couldn't go to see the Burj Al Arab from inside, as you can only do it between 16-18 o'clock, except Friday, so we missed it. The check in was okay, although the trainee guy gave some wrong informations, like he said we could go to the Burj Al Arab next morning, but everything was okay. We saw the beforementioned Antonio, we didn't have personal experience with him, but our friends asked him something and he replied rudely, so it's ture what they said before in the negative comment, avoid from Antonio, but all the other people are nice. We had an Ocean Deluxe Balcony, which was really nice! The rooms are available in blue or red colours, we had a blue room and our friends had a red one. If you look down from the 25th floor, you can see that on the first 6 floors they have blue rooms, then the next 6 floor red ( 6 or 7), then blue again and then red. When you go to your room, check your room number, because the odd numbers are on the right, and the even numbers on the left.So the room was nice, not the brand new luxurious one you can find in the Gulf area nowadays, but nicely furnished, clean, big space and colorful. Also it's good to have a balcony, you can just sit outside, and enjoy the beautiful view of Burj Al Arab and the sea. The bathroom is great, you have one big shower and a bath, so you can choose which one to use. There are all kind of amenities, shower gel, soap, conditioner, shampoo, bath salt etc. Also iron and iron desk and hairdryer (it's on the top drawer of the table). Nice chocolate on the bed, although we didn't get fruits, while our friends did, but not the finest quality either. We tried the big swimming pool, and there is an other, it's really great, and there is a warm-watered jacuzzi nearby, it's good too, but the weather was very hot time, so we didn't use that. Lifeguards everywhere. The beach was also nice and clean and you have such a nice view from down, on one side is the Burj on the other is the JBH, which is an impressive building as well.On the basement they have books available for reading if you are staying for longer time and didn't bring a book, I have never seen this before. The breakfast is really something amazing, you have so much to choose from, that you get confused at what to eat. They really have everything, bakeries, eggs, fruits, vegetables, pencakes, waffles, plus indian, chinese and japanese foods as well. And usually you have to wait sometime in the queue, before they bring you to the table. Go earlier, most people prefer to sleep late. Which isn't suprising as the bed is just fantastic, so comfy!!! You can go anytime to the Wild Wadi Waterpark, where they have a few good things.Go up with the lift to the 25th floor (the one with the view), it's really amazing, and all the lifts are so fast.My friend went to the spa, she said it was really disgusting, it's not my personal experience as I didn't go there.To sum up, it was a really nice experience, I can recommend to anybody, maybe I will go back, but then maybe I will try out other hotels.	
Sep 18 2009 	Absolutely Fantastic!!	I have read with astonishment, that people have had negative experiences here. I stayed here with my fiancé in September for 7 nights and found it to be one of the best hotels i have ever encountered.Firstly, upon arrival, one can only marvel at the architectural design of the wave-shaped building. It is located right on Jumeirah beach (obviously) with a private section for the hotel guests, overlooking the Burj Al Arab. Check-in was easy and the staff were very friendly and always greeted us with a smile, asking if they could do anything for us.We had an Ocean Deluxe King with balcony. The room was very large with a huge comfortable bed and very good shower room. Most of the rooms in the hotel don't have balconies so if you can get one do, as it is really something else watching the sunset beyond the Burj on your very own little terrace.Breakfast was very..errrm..comprehensive! there is so much to choose from you could spen all day there. if you fancy a fresh omlette with ingredients of your choice, theres a man for that; pancakes? man for that, Crepes? someone for that too. Fresh juices and smoothies are made daily and are delicious.Lunch and dinner you are spoilt for choice with 22 restaurants to chose from. I won't go into all of them but my tip is that lattitude does a very well priced buffet featuring cuisine from all walks of life. Carnevale (italian) is very good and my personal favourite is La Parilla on the 25th floor with great view - it's an Argentinian steakhouse and serves some of the best steak i have ever eaten, It is quite expensive though.Another point to touch on briefly is that we were there during Ramadan and to be honest we weren't affected in the hotel at all. The only difference was that there were screens and drapes around the reastaurants so muslims aren't able to see you eating/drinking.The hotel works in conjunction with Arabian Adventures who have a day trip or desert safari for all tastes - i recommend the Sundowner safari. Picked up, driven into the desert doing dune bashing, camel riding and then a traditional arabic bbq in a Bedhouin camp where you can smoke shisha and gaze at the stars.All guests have unlimited access to Wild Wadi water park which is a lot of fun and a nice way to escape the 40 degree+ heat.You can arrange to visit the Burj Al Arab (7 star hotel) at concierge but my advice would be to stay at the JBH. We went to the skyview bar and it was extremely tacky, flashing lights everywhere and my fiancés cocktail was disgusting. The rooms/suites are very impressive...shame about the rest of it though.If you can, visit the gold and spice souks and take a little trip up the creek by boat and if the temperature gets too much, visit the Mall of Emirates and cool off on the genuine snow ski slope.All in all we had an absolutely amazing time and would go again tomorrow not to mention recommend it to friends (i am currently organising another holiday there, this time with my family aswell)Despite the few negative reviews on here please do not be put off from staying here you will not regret it. Safe travelling ;)	
Sep 16 2009 	Amazing holiday but could be improved	This hotel has the perfect location, views, breakfast, use of Jumeirah Beach facilities.We stayed here for 5 nights with our 2 year old daughter and wish we had 10 nights ! We had a great offer as our daughter travelled, stayed and ate for free, also due to Ramadan we had reduced rates. We had a good flight with Emirates and easy taxi ride to the hotel.Positives of Jumeirah Beach Hotel to start- Beautiful views of the Burj, beach, pools etc from all rooms- Huge selection for breakfast of great quality- All the little luxuries - lemongrass face towels at restaurants and fitness centre/ toiletries in bathroom/ chocolates and fruit in room daily/ dressing gowns,slippers and complimentary beach bag/ ice lollies every afternoon- Inclusive use of fitness centre and all classes- Unlimited use of Wild Wadi waterpark- Kids clubNegatives- We stayed here to celebrate my birthday (august) and emailed in advance and mentioned this at check in also but it wasn't acknowledged or mentioned !- Also at check in we weren't told about the facilities available, timings etc- We had booked a non smoking room but were shown to a very smelly smoky room - apparently it was a non smoking room but previous guests had smoked in the room. We felt as though we were putting them out by requesting another room. Later on we were moved to another room. Considering we checked in at around 9am it would have been really nice to have been offered breakfast but were told we were only entitled to 5 breakfasts as staying 5 nights and so if we had one today we couldn't have it on the last day !- Queues at breakfastOverall - wonderful and can't wait to go back to Dubai - may try another hotel but would stay here again for sure.	
Sep 12 2009 	What a disappointment. This cannot be Dubai's best.	My husband and I decided to check in for a romantic night away from the children having just moved to Dubai. We chose this hotel as we live on the Palm Jumeirah and wanted to be nearby to the kids. We are well seasoned travellers and have stayed at many of the 5* hotels in Dubai previously and had high expectations.It started with a long queue at the busy &amp; crowded reception, followed by Antonio at the reception who made the biggest fuss possible about copying our passports. I explained that as I had just arrived my passport was with the company getting my visa but I had a copy. He made it seem like a 'favour' that I had a 'colour' copy to allow me to stay in the hotel! He then proceeded to tell my husband the price of the room (somewhat spoiling my husband's treat to me) and discussing the price of breakfast! And this took an age with a lot surliness!We made our way to our room (with extremely vague directions) and when we got there our bags arrived and the bell boy gave us an envelope containing our invoice to check out! You can imagine our surprise as we had just left the check in and the hotel was telling us about checking out!The room was spacious, the bathroom large and all clean, but the decor was substantially below what is expected of a luxury hotel- odd colours, old furniture and strange patchy style. We did however have a good view of the Burj and it was quiet.We tried to book dinner through the reservation line for 15 minutes unsuccessfully, finally resorting to the Concierge to book it in the end. We had dinner in the Marina Restaurant supposedly 'stylish' and the dress code 'elegant'. Antonio at the reception had said that all the restaurants were busy and almost fully booked- when we arrived it was very far from full. The food was average given the prices, there was no view, the service poor and with such long gaps between the courses that we almost fell asleep, and no atmosphere. It was certainly not stylish or elegant.Breakfast was at the Latitiude Restaurant which catered for all cuisines well but again the service was very average and it was absolute chaos.We have read the previous reviews with amazement. This is not a luxury hotel as compared to the other big hotel groups in Dubai or Internationally. The service is dismal, the hotel busy and chaotic. For the price one expects good service, an air of luxury and good food. We could not recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 6 2009 	dont look elsewhere	Stayed for 3 nights and i would rate this as the best hotel that i have stayed for luxury and service. The views are the best in town as every room has a direct view with the burj al arab. We stayed in the lower priced rooms but the hotel was very very clean, the space was as required and the staff... well the best as always happy and always ready to help!. The breakfast near the reception was really nice with lots and lots of options. The hotel is suitable for everyone as i noted lots of familes, couples and business travellers. Ohh the private beach was really nice and the free pass to the water park was yet another plus point.	
Sep 6 2009 	WELCOMR TO THE SIX STAR HOTEL	when i go there in this month it seem to hot for that period of time but you will not feel it by the time you inter the hotel ,the luxury feeling you have the Vip servies they give it and the smile from every body working there let you in excellent mood always ,my little child was been ill i see the way the doctors treat my son and the ask for him every hour a day i feel like iam with my family not in a hotel. THe room is great ,the services is execllent and hosbitallaty were nice .i advice every body want a great occosion to go there in the SIX STARS HOTEL.also from the hotel you can go to the water park (wild wadi free and also to the burj alarab hotel with the bugy free.)	
Sep 6 2009 	Great for families with kids	We came to Dubai as part of our 10th wedding aniversary, and we decided to take the kids along with us. We also stayed at the Royal Meridien and Atlantis hotels during our stay. Jumeirah beach was the second hotel on our trip and we had high expectations having just come from the excellent Le Royal Meridien. Check InWe arrived an hour before normal check in (14:00) and were told we had to wait for a room. There are complimentary snacks and tea etc available whilst you wait. 15 minutes later we were told our room was available and we could check in. I noticed some people had been waiting considerably longer (hours) then this. I had mentioned that it was our 10th anniversary and because of this we found that we had been upgraded to the Club executive room on the 18th floor.RoomThe room was nice without being excellant and quite spacious and they had layed out an extra bed for the kids. Bathroom had a bath, seperate shower, sink, toilet and bidet and some very nice toiletries. The best thing about the room for me was the fantasic view. The windows are enourmous and you get a beautiful view of the Burj and the beach, pools etc. One downside is that we did not have a balcony to dry out wet swim suits etc. TV has lots of channels available and there is also a sofa and dressing table. Wireless Internet access is free of charge.Room ServiceWe were quite hungry when we arrived and decided to test out the room service. We found that for children under 5 all food and beverages were free. Which was fantastic as our little one (2) is very fussy at eating and for next five days we would feed him in the room free of charge before we went out for dinner. The kids meals were also of an excellent quality and reasonably priced at 40 Dhirams. Adult food is quite expensive compared to resturants outside but looks favourable compared to other hotels in the area. They also provided us with a high chair for the room which we kept throughout our stay and warm milk for him every morning and evening which was great. They even provided us with a DVD player so the kids could watch their favourite programs whilst they ate ! great service.There is a Safe, Iron etc available and we had gowns and slippers provided as well.Mineral water bottles were left in our room every day, which we found very useful due to the heat during the day.House KeepingRooms were made twice a day and my kids always looked forward to the evening chocolates that were left on our beds. They even left Milky bars for them, which they really enjoyed.They would come and clean our room after the kids had eaten and even washed the babies milk bottles for us and returned them every day.As we did not have anywhere to dry our clothes they even took our clothes to hang outside and returned them when they were dry, very nicely packaged and folded at no extra charge.A plate of fruit was provided on a daily basis which was also very nice.BreakfastWe had breakfast every day at the Latitude restaurant, which seems to offer the most variety. You can also eat at two other restaurants in the hotel. Our first day experience was very poor as we had to Queue for nearly 25 minutes before we got a table. There were clearly tables available, so I am not sure why there was such a delay. After this we ensured we came down early for breakfast and did not experience any problems. There is a very very large selection of food available at breakfast and it all is off a good standard. There is also a small kids section which was useful for us as we would feed the kids first and then send to play and then have our breakfast in peace ! The kids area also has seperate dishes made specially for kids. Wild WadiEntrance to the water park is through the hotel. Towels are provided and you can transfer cash onto your wristband for use whilst at the park, which I found very useful. The park was open till 8pm daily and we visited every day in the afternoons. The kids play area is fantastic and very stricltly supervised. which was very good to see, there are lifeguards everywhere. The main water slides in the park are excellant and highly enjoyable. You can buy food in the park which is off a good quality and very reasonably priced.Pools BeachThere are five pools at the hotel - family, kids, leisure, executive, laps. Unfortunately the kids pool was being renovated at the time so we used the family and leisure pools. Both of which were excellent and strongly supervised. The hotel has a policy that you cannot come down early and reserve a sunbed for more than 30 minutes, so we generally found places were we could sit. We also really enjoyed the free ice lollies that came around every afternoon.The beach is very clean, but was obvioulsy very hot in August, so generally was not very busy. The water is very hot, clean and also very salty. There are fantastic views of the Burj al arab from everywhere on the beach.You can also visit the Burj al Arab during specific times in the day, which is worth it just for the view from the sky view cafe ! We didn't think we could go to a better hotel after our earlier stay at the Royal Merdien, but we certainly found that Jumeirah Beach hotel matched and in some instances bettered it. We found the rooms in Royal Merdien of a much higher quality and the service was much faster. Even though the service at Jumeirah Beach was Excellant and we would definitely return to the hotel if we went back to Dubai. They really need to work on reducing the cost of the food, it is much much cheaper to eat outside the hotel. Emirates Mall is 5 minutes away by Taxi (10 dhirams) and there are loads of reasturants there at more than half the price.	
Sep 5 2009 	Perfect	First class Hotel. Nothing more I can say really what hasn't already been said. If anyone has a complaint about this hotel then they wouldn't be happy anywhere! I would agree that the only downside is some of the guests and the way they treat the staff, once or twice I had to stop myself from butting in and telling them what I thought of there petty complaints and snobbyness. We were in a Club executive room which I would really recommend for the privelages and also the staff in the lounge itself. All staff in the hotel were fantastic but in the Club exec lounge they were some of the of the kindest friendliest and helpful people I have ever had the pleasure of meeting on holiday. They seemed genuinely interested in how your day was and if they could help in anyway. We are currently deciding when to go back, the sooner the better.	
Sep 5 2009 	Fabulous hotel great location friendly staff excellent views!	This is our 2nd stay at this hotel and we couldn't wait to return. We love everything about it, the room is spacious with wonderful views of the Burj al Arab and they are all ocean facing. Breakfast has plenty to offer for every nationality and is open from 6am to 11am which is great if you fancy a lie-in! Staff are really friendly and will do anything for you, chocolates are left on your pillow each night and the room is cleaned every day and towels changed. Plenty to do for children-sinbads club or the wild wadi park. We visited the museum in the city which was very interesting and something different to do. You can also go ice skating and skiing if u fancy!! Can't wait to go back again soon-excellent hotel!!	
Sep 4 2009 	Excellent Hotel	CHECK-INWe arrived at the hotel rather early (about 7.30am) but our room was already ready. We had booked an Ocean Deluxe Room and we were given one on the 20th floor with fantastic views of the Burj Al Arab and the Marina full of luxury yachts. The only problem we had with check-in was they wanted to charge our credit card 1000Dhs per couple for each day of the stay. As we were staying for 5 days that was 5000Dhs (about £830) which seemed rather a lot to us. You can do it without this charge, they just remove the mini-bar from the room and you have to pay for everything in the bars and restaurants by cash or card.ROOMSWe had a room on the 20th floor, the views are fantastic and is very large with a wonderful bathroom with huge walk-in shower. You have a little seating area and a desk. Rooms were very clean and the beds are very comfortable. All rooms have floor to ceiling windows. POOL AREAS &amp; BEACHThere are a few pools in the hotel, the main pool is large with a waterfall and plenty of loungers and a swim-up pool bar, there is also a family pool and an executive pool for those who have booked exec rooms. Beware though, if you want specific beds you will have to get up early and lay down some towels, people start doing this about 6.30am (hotels should ban this). There is also a guy who goes round offering free lollies to all to cool off. The beach is beautiful with great views of the Burj Al Arab and plenty of beds for everyone, the sea is shallow and very warm.RESTAURANTSWe first ate in Latitiude, which is just off the lobby area and serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. It is an international buffet and costs approx 205Dhs per person for dinner, which includes soft drinks. The food was really good with plenty of choice, european, chinese, indian, japanese, arabic, thai etc, and a huge dessert section. The breakfast which was included was fantastic, cooked breakfast, egg station, fruit, cereals, pastries, waffles, cold meats and cheeses, japanese etc so something for everyone.We next ate in Go West which is a Tex-Mex restaurant. The food here was mediocre at best. A pint of beer was 35Dhs, starters around 50-60Dhs, mains around 80-120Dhs and a bottle of still water 14Dhs. Service wasn't good and it felt a bit too &quot;themed&quot; for our liking.We did not eat in any of the other restaurants there so cannot comment on them.BARSUp Town bar on the 24th floor is small but very nicely furnished. Service was impeccable and it also has a lovely terrace overlooking the Dubai skyline. It plays chilled out tunes and is very relaxing. Drinks were a bit pricey but worth it, small bottle of Amstel beer 40Dhs, Gordons Gin &amp; Tonic 50Dhs, cocktails around 70Dhs.The Dhow &amp; Anchor is just off the lobby area and is a classic English pub. It felt a bit &quot;chavvy&quot; in here, mind you it didn't help that with some of the customers that were in there. It's small and there are screens showing football, prices were 35Dhs for a pint of beer. The swim-up pool bar is great to cool off from the heat with a can of soft drink costing 17Dhs each and a small bottle of water 10Dhs.Overall a really lovely hotel, great views and a good location with no build work around. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Dubai. Great for families and couples alike. One tip, get a copy of &quot;Time Out&quot; upon arrival, it has great restaurant and bar reviews and also shows all of the meal deals throughout Dubai. Invaluable!!!!	
Sep 3 2009 	Excellent Experience	Just returned from a 6 night stay at the JBH with my partner and young son. The place is great for young children and the staff were warm, welcoming and hard working. This hotel is top notch!The only let down was the poor behaviour of some of the guests towards the Asian staff when things were not perfect for them. In short, JBH is a first class hotel let down by the occasional third class client.	
Sep 2 2009 	fantasic luxury holiday	If you are an average person earning an average income but you want to experience luxury and service you could probably never afford in the U.K then stay at JBH! We did! This is definately the hotel to stay in if you are going to Dubai ( not that I have stayed anywhere else) but we had a wonderful time and there was plenty of cooling things to do on resort in the unbearable august heat. This hotel is ideal for families and my kids loved it. they were always reluctant to venture into Dubai itself and the free entry to Wild Wadi was a godsend. They loved it. The hotel is expensive and we hardly ate at the hotel but the food court in the MOE was ideal for us anyway. Dont hesitate, if you want to go to Dubai, book JBH, believe me you will be glad you did!!	
Sep 2 2009 	BEST OF THE BEST	After long flight from london me and my friend landed at airport in late night, check in was smooth and fast.staff here take your hats off, you guys are the best. next day i was sick and one phone to hotel staff and within 10mint ,the door was there to look at me.food is great but make sure you bring plenty of monneyy as its not cheap to stay and enjoy at this hotel. looking forwad to my next stay here. and views are so great that you might not want to leave your room.	
Aug 26 2009 	Fantastic Fantastic Fantastic	Have just returned from the JBH and have to say it is the best hotel we have stayed in - the service was second to none - nothing was too much trouble for any of the staff and having an 18 month old with you sometimes you need a helping hand. Great selection of food and getting a sun lounger was never a problem as the staff around the pool were so switched on to who had left the beds unoccupied for a long while so removed the towels for you. Babysitting service was first class - never used the service anywhere before but they were all so trustworthy it was fab. Wild Wadi was a real bonus for our 11 year old - he lived in it!! All in all if you are in any doubt about visiting the JBH don't be as you will love it!!!!!!!!	
Aug 24 2009 	The BEST place in the WORLD !!!	Our SEVENTH visit to the JBH and once again , it was a truly wonderful and memorable holiday for us all . The hotel provides the whole family with exactly what they want . The kids are always happy with the pools and Wadi and the adults are always happy with the wonderful beaches (which are always maintained to the highest specification) . The staff , the rooms , the food is always truly 5 star ! The JBH is not too stuffy even though a 5 star resort and you always feel special there . If you want to relax and have a GUARANTEED fantastic holdaiy with GUARANTEED weather , there just is no other place to go . On two occasions , we have changed to the JBH the day before travelling and never with any regret . We look forward as much to our next visit as we did to our first . Thank you JBH and will see you in 2010	
Aug 24 2009 	Absolutely Excellent	I have been staying at this hotel every year for 7 years and what an excellent hotel, the service is excellent and cannot fault, the room is great and the views still are amazing. Although over the years standards may of slightly sliped, but this is not much of a problem as they remain outstanding. We had All-Day-Dining which is realy very good, it alone pays for you drinks at the pool all day (we do drink a fair bit) so dinner is &quot;free&quot;. But do not come to this hotel if your on a budget, you need to have a bit of cash in your back pocket as the hotel isnt cheap! But i can highly reccomnd this hotel to anybody as it offers a great holiday!	
Aug 24 2009 	A quality way to relax.	I have spent a lot of time reading Tripadvisor reports and thought it only right to share my own experience.I have just returned from a week at Jumeirah Beach with my wife and two daughters (ages 11 and 8), having had a wonderful holiday. A lot has already been said about how amazing this hotel is and I cannot agree more. However it is expensive but that is to be expected when the service and quality are so high, and the list of facilities seems to be endless. Rather than repeat what has already been written I would like to add a few of our experiences.We flew from Birmingham, UK with Emirates on their 9:00pm flight. The flight was good but too short ( 7 hours ) to actually get any real sleep, therefore when we arrived at 7:00am we were all starting to feel tired. Dubai airport and the hotel transfer ( booked hotel car) were so efficient we arrived at the hotel by 8:30am. However rooms are not available until 2:00pm. The hotel provided us with breakfast in an executive suite that was very welcome. The hotel gives you with a mobile phone and they would call once a room was available and we were given a pass that allowed us to use all the facilities. At this point we felt a bit in limbo. We did not have any beach clothes at hand and we did not wish to start rummaging through suitcases. Due to the lack a sleep we found ourselves falling to sleep in the foyer. A room was found by 11:00am.The pool areas were great if not slightly overcrowded. The pools themselves were lovely and very well serviced by vigilant lifeguards, (5 at the leisure pool and 3 at the family pool). Happy Hour twice a day at the pool bar made prices more acceptable. The entrance to Wild Wadi's water park is a short stroll from the pool and is free to hotel guests. So once we have had enough or it started to get busy we just went back to the hotel pool, it was so easy.We did require the doctor during our stay, which was so simple to arrange. Both doctor and pharmacy are situated within the hotel. Within thirty minutes of making the appointment we were back in the room with the medicine. There is a courtesy bus to the Emirates Mall ( the one with the ski slope) which takes about 45 minutes because it stops at two other hotels and waits for passengers. By taxi it takes 10 minutes and only costs £2. Jumeriah Beach Hotel, Mina A'Salam, Al Qasr and the Mandinat Souk are all connected by a golf buggy taxi service so getting about is simple. The Mandinat Souk was an interesting place to visit and has a good selection of restaurants, we loved the Noodle House. An afternoon by the pool at Al Qasr was very tranquil compared to a more lively atmosphere at the Jumeriah Beach.One final note, if you have booked a return transfer to the airport by e-mail, confirm your booking, ours seemed to have got lost, but all was fine in the end.A wonderful holiday, would definitely go back.	
Aug 23 2009 	You must stay here.	Nothing was to much trouble for the very friendly staff or this hotel. The rooms (Club Level) match or better any in 5-6 star across the globe. The facility's are exceptional and clean. The buggy pick ups and drop offs to any location across the site make for a pleasurable stay. The &quot;Wild Wadi&quot; water park next door with free access from the hotel, is not to be missed. Food at breakfast is amazing with plenty of different spots to try each day, take a room package which includes this facility. The Irish pub inside the complex is good for a late night drink. Well done to all the staff.	
Aug 20 2009 	Not as good as previous stays this time very poor	This was probably our 6th or 7th stay at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel so we knew what to expect from previous visits however this was the 1st time with our small 2yr old daughter. Arrival was okay but Premium leisure which is what we booked should have meant us checking in at a dedicated check in desk and no waiting, this wasnt the case, even though it was 3am in the morning there was skeleton staff on and we were ushered into the long queue at the normal reception with another hr wait.We had booked a premium leisure room and the main reason being we didnt want a balcony room for the safety of a 2yr old. On checking in was told we had been allocated a balcony room at no extra cost, severa arguments later and 20 mins later and pointing out why we didnt want a balcony room we were told the hotel was at full occupancy and no other rooms were available.Half way through our holiday and after getting up for breakfast we were unable to open the room safe, was reported to cleaning staff, reception and security at 8.30am. Security visited the room at 10am and said it needed new batteries and would be back shortly. At 1pm we were still waiting being ushered back and forth to our room to meet staff that didnt turn up. With the day now almost gone and all our money, passports and credit card along with travellers cheques in the safe I had a blazing row with reception. using common sense I asked if we could simply have an account for that day until the safe was re-opened as we had no money to obtain drinks or food, and a small 2yr old child in over 100 degrees heat. They completely refused point blank saying they needed a credit card swipe to open any account. Further arguments later and at 2pm I gave up and stormed off explaining I couldnt get into the safe at no fault of my own. That day we had breakfast at 9am and then returned to our room at 5pm having been unable to get drink or food due to the lack of common sense of the hotel staff.At 6pm the security man came to the room, changed 4 duracell batteries in the space of 10 seconds and left...............I know many of the staff on 1st name terms from visiting and staying over the years and previously I thought that this was the best hotel In the world, not anymore I,m afraid, the above incident and a few other small niggly matters has now changed my mind. Whilst the facilities are 1st class and couldnt fault a thing, the staff this time were rude and uncompromising and wouldnt go out of their way to help even though I knew several of them.As a result dont think I will be returning to this hotel again after 7 happy years and many memorable experiences..	
Aug 17 2009 	Fabulous Hotel! Best Ever!!	This is the most fantastic hotel I have every stayed at. The rooms were beautifully appointed, very spacious and all rooms faced the Arabian Sea and The Burj Hotel.The staff were the friendlest and the nicest I have every encountered, nothing was too much trouble. The restaurants were all very family friendly, this hotel is really great for families - very child friendly. Great location with the Wild Wadi Waterpark directly next door, so you could come and go as you please.. There was a shuttle bus every 30 minutes to the Mall of the Emirates, which is really worth a vist apart from Ski Dubai which was amazing and fun the shopping centre is massive, you really need a day for the shopping and at least 4-5 hours for the ski park.The buffet breakfast and the evening buffet in the main hotel was magnificent, the best I have ever seen, it covered about 3 different rooms, if you time breakfast right you can have brunch and you don't need lunch.The pools are great, they have photographers roaming around and in the pools taking photos which you can collect from the photo shop, they take underwater pics which are really great. The bar and snack service is first class, they even come around and spray your feet with iced water when you are lying on the lounges and offer icy poles to everyone.All in all a top notch hotel!!!I would highly recommend this hotel and will definately been returning there.	
Aug 14 2009 	Great stay - just love the views.	This was the second time I have stayed at the Jumeirah beach hotel and yet again everything about the hotel was lovely. We stayed two nights here and five nights at the Westin Mina Seyahi.We arrived about 8 am and got our room straight away which was great after a night flight. Our 20 year old daughter came with us and an extra single bed was set up in the room within minutes with plenty of room to spare.The bedrooms are so comfortable and have everything you need. 16 bottles of water in the room each day made such a difference.I decided to return to this hotel as I loved the beach before (October) but in July it was far too hot for us at the beach. There were not really any staff around to help with towels or anything, the wind was like a hot hairdryer and Jellyfish warning signs put me off from even paddling in the sea. The waves are great to look at though and you are not looking over any building work in this area.BUT the pool area was brilliant. Loads of mature trees and sunshades and chilled pools made this experience really enjoyable. There was always plenty of sunbeds and there was a happy hour at the pool bar at lunch time.Its nice being able to dip in and out of Wild Wadi water park a few steps away from the pool for a bit of a change of scene.Made use of the free entry to see the Burj al Arab Hotel to have a look around from the skyview bar level and the complimentary shuttle buses to the malls (though they take ages via several hotels)Having read about summer meal/drinks offers on the jumeirah beach hotel website before going here I was very surprised to see no mention about any deals in the hotel at all. We had lovely breakfasts but ate out at the malls as we were here in the evenings anyway.Its nice also having buggies to take you to the Madinat Souk and Restaurants.	
Aug 13 2009 	Front desk and check in being improved	Had a wonderful 7th visit back to JBH. My main gripe with this hotel has always been the check in on arrival. This year things were different. We were ushered to our room, as already allocated the rooms we requested. I had written to the hotel on a previous occasion to comment about check in and met Miss Margaret Paul the General Manager, who is obviously trying to iron out this problem. Some staff have obviously been placed in front of the counters now who come up and ask if they can help, maybe this relieves the pressure on front desk, as not everyone is there fro check in.The hotel still keeps up its high standards, in cleaniness, helpfulness and amenities. Must be hard when there is so much competition around from new hotels.The dining cost- which we had dreaded so much -was definitely helped by the 30%Visa/ Sirius offer. There were many more people dining in the hotel, I feel than last year.There was also a Happy hour from 12-1pm in the pool bar and on the beach, which we used every day . The pool bar remained open a lot later for families to enjoy. We did not use this but many people did. after sunset.The staff never fail to amaze me with their knowledge of residents namess. I just do not know how they do it.Went for a taxi ride down to what I call &quot;Newyork&quot; where other hotels are situated. I know there are some world class hotels down there but their postion to me is definitely compromised by the high rise buildings. JBH and Madinet Jumeirah seem like an oasis of calm compared to this. The walk along the beach from JBH to Al Qasr with Burj in view on right or left is wonderful. You can stop off when tired and have a drink in any of the hotels and sign to your room, then continue refreshed or just hop back on a buggy.Wild Wadi free entrance. My grandson used to go about 3 times a day to use the Flow rider. He even booked it for a 2 hour personal use from 7.45- 9.45 for AED 150 Very expensive to do this if not a resident of these hotels.Yes there are deals to be had in the newer hotels but this hotel and Madinet have unrivalled positions as far as I am concerned. The proximity of MOE, taxis to and from anywhere on main roads etc. The length of the private beach front. The sea is fantastic when the waves start to break . I am sure the temperature of the sea was lower this year than previous years.It is a wonderful family hotel which has not rested on its laurels and is making improvements all the time.. The new revamped Sinbed club looks very interesting in construction. Looks like a giant crab is being created and caves- lucky children. Unfortunately my grand daughter is too old for this, but in the past spent many hours there to the extent she used to organise us round visits to activies at sinbads. Well done JBH.	
Aug 12 2009 	Wonderful half term trip to the sun!	We left it too late to book to go skiing and so tried some Winter Sun instead. It was a great choice with lots to do and lovely weather. Everyone really friendly.Hotel has a great shuttle bus service to the Mall, and we had private ski lessons at the indoor ski slope which was superb.Plenty of choice with so many restaurants - ate somewhere different every night.Would go back again.	
Aug 12 2009 	First time was a charm...so were the second and third	We rented 2 rooms for our one-week stay at JB. This was our third time, and we anticipated the same luxury, staff friendliness and fabulous Breakfast buffet, and weren't disappointed. What made this stay special is that on our very first night, we faced a problem in one of our rooms. On the following morning, I brought the problem to the attention of the front desk manager who apologized profusely, and promised to take care of it. After breakfast, the manager moved us from the two rooms to a two bedroom Beit Al-Bahhar Villa! These villas are magnificent in every detail. They are spacious, beautifully furnished and decorated, and the bathroom amenities are all by Bvlgari. Further, the villas have their own reception desk, 2 executive swimming pools, and even a small pool at each of them! Our villa, which by the time we arrived at it had our family name right by the front door, looks out on Burj Al-Arab hotel with its magnificent light show at night. I could go on and on about the level of service, attention to details, and courtesy of the staff. I will sum it up in one sentence, JB is the place to stay in Dubai, and we will definitely stay there many times to come. Our only regret is that we couldn’t stay there longer!	
Aug 10 2009 	5 ***** Hotel JBH - 10 days stay- L.A.K	We - 2+1 arive to the hotel about 07.00 a.m. 06.08.2009 after all night travel and we was tired. We get the room not before 13.57.:-( but this is not problem - we take a breakfast, went to swimingpool and on the beach. Personel is very helpfull. If you have to wait for your room like we did so don't worry, don't be angry, relax - BE HAPPY:-). Visit Wild Wadi - spesialy for kids, is free for JBH guests. Try Atlantis water park if Wild Wadi is not enought or water sport activities at JBH. Location of JBH is OK, with taxi for 60 dirham you will reach all most everything you want to visit in Dubai. Service, the food in all restaurants at JBH is very good and we can recommend this hotel. We don't live before 16.08.09 but until now we are happy off our stay and I will give news if something wrong happens after 10.08.09. L.A.K.	
Aug 10 2009 	Continues to impress	Just got back from 11 nights at the JBH. Trip was with the wife and three kids (16, 12 &amp; 8). This was probably our 6th or 7th stay at this hotel which tells you something.A fantastic time was had by all as usual.Some of the staff recognise us and remember our names which is a nice touch seeing as how many people stay there.The rooms are fine with fantastic views of the Burj al Arab. Meals were all excellent and with the added 30% discount (visa and sirius - check the website) made a bit more affordable as well.The best new addition this year was the new happy hour at the pool bar. In addition to the one between 5 and 6.30 there is now one starting at noon.One gripe this year was them trying to put the breakfasts on our bill when our rate was all inclusive. This was resolved immediately but you shouldn't have to spend time sorting things like this out.Other than that though it was faultless and we will be back next year.	
Aug 9 2009 	One of the best hotels around.	Second stay at the JBH, first time taking the children (7 and 9). Stayed here for 5 nights for the first half of our trip to Dubai (second 5 nights at the Atlantis).Stayed in a deluxe room with balcony on the ‘Summer Days’ promotion. Well worth the extra couple of hundred AED as you receive a 200 AED credit each night (so that cancels out the cost) and in addition, breakfast is included and Kids also eat lunch and dinner free in the buffet restaurants (Latitude and Beachcombers). Staff are very friendly and helpful, rooms are cleaned to a high standard with fresh fruit and plenty of bottled water each day.The two pools are great, lots of lifeguards around so you do actually get to relax a bit at the poolside while the kids are in the pool, the family pool is smaller and not as deep as the main leisure pool and certainly better if you’ve got kids that think they can swim better than they actually can but still can’t resist the lure of the ‘deep end’Breakfast at Latitude is excellent, so much choice, Beachcombers has a smaller selection and the layout is not as good as Latitude, for this reason, even when there was a queue we waited for Latitude (if you can get down before 10am there wasn’t much of a wait)By the time we’d finished breakfast, didn’t have need for lunch, so it was back to Latitude for dinner. Again, spoilt for choice, everything from Traditional Arabic fare, through Chinese and Indian cuisine, Sushi, Italian and a traditional English roast! Mustn’t forget the dessert section to make any chocoholic happy! For buffet food it is of an exceptional quality. Dinner at Latitude is 205 AED if you’re paying (about £33) but it is well worth it, soft drinks are included but beware of the fruit juices, not classed as soft drinks and upwards of £5 a glass!Wild Wadi is a great water park, nice section for younger kids. As with the pools, plenty of lifeguards around the place keeping an eye of every stretch of water. Plenty of sun beds. As a hotel guest you can come and go as much as you like. You can have to queue for the slides but not usually for very long (we didn’t wait more than 20 minutes maximum).This is a 5 star hotel, and the prices reflect such, snacks at the pool are expensive, drinks at the bars are expensive. Fill up at Breakfast and don’t forget to stop in Duty Free at the Airport and you can reduce those expenses! Checkout was smooth, bell boy didn’t take long to arrive for luggage and there were no billing problems. Adjustment for the ‘Summer Days’ promotion was deducted at checkout. This won’t be our last visit to Dubai and whilst there are other hotels to try, I would stay here again without hesitation.	
Aug 7 2009 	Breathtaking!	Ah, the Jumeirah beach hotel. I can safley say that this was the most amazing hotel I have ever been to in my life. Everything about it was perfect. From the food, to the staff, I cannot allocate a single fault.The journey to Dubai, is around 7-9hrs long. Although it is quite lengthy, the time flies by quite quickly. We flew with Emirates airlines which is a very high quality airline. There were many movies and TV channels on to keep us entertained throughout the duration of the flight. When we arrived at the airport, which might I add is one of the nicest and most modern airports I have seen, we walked down to passport control, and there waiting for us were two men in black suits and dark sunglasses on. They were holding a sign with our name on it. We followed them through cusoms and they made everything a lot easier for us. They also collected our bags and put them in the car which would take us to the airport. As we drove to the hotel, I looked around and saw the amazing sights that Dubai had to offer. The buildings and streets were so clean and slick, I had never seen anything like it before! When we arrived, I god out of the car and looked up at this amazing hotel. Everything, shimmering whith reflective glass to keep the inside nice and cool! The interior of the hotel was beautiful, so elegent and traditional, yet modern and sophisticated too! I spent most of the days in the pool. There was a water park literally next door called the Wild Wadi! It was awsome, had so many different slides and it was also free entrance if you stayed at the Jumeirah beach hotel. The shopping malls in Dubai are great! So huge and modern, and very cool inside because of the nice air conditioning. The food is great too! A large selection of restaurants. The greatest thing about the hotel is the breakfast! 50sq ft buffet filled hundreds of different delicious food to choose from! The pool is beautiful, it has lovely palm trees surrounding it, fountains and a great pool bar. The pool boys are also very friendly and they work so hot. A lot of the people that stay at the hotel were being really mean to them, ordering them around. It's so hot there and they work so hard, so make sure that they are treated nicley! The beach is good, very hot sand though and the water is so warm, it's like a giant bath! I put my glasses next to my sunbed when i went into the sea, and when I came out, I was half blind! I couldn't find which sunbed I had put my glasses on and the sand was so hot, it was burning my feet! But I eventually found them in the end!Overall the trip was fantastic! So beautiful, modern and clean. It is said to be one of the best hotels in the world and I competley agree! One of the friendliest places I have ever been to and deffinatley one of my favourite holidays!	
Aug 5 2009 	We will come back..	We have been staying at JBH since its opening in 1997.. The hotel has maintained its service quality throughout years and has always had good management..Our kids love its pools and mostly access to Wild Wadi Waterpark. We like it due to its location and also family friendly atmosphere. I recommend a BB package in Ocean Deluxe Room. We find eating other meals in the hotel a bit pricey and recommend eating out at nearby restaurants in Sufouh or Jumeirah. JBH introduced free internet this year which is accessible throughout the resort and definitely makes life easier with smartphones. Couple of minor improvement points for the hotel.. There is always a queue for breakfast which is due to a procedure that hotel has to welcome guests. This can be avoided with a smarter procedure. Other handicap is 'lost &amp; found' service of the hotel. Our kids always forget a minor item by the pool or in the restaurants and we have never been able to receive lost goods through the hotel. It is again due to recording procedure that hotel uses which makes it impossible to identify lost items unless you know where and when it is found by the hotel staff. In the family we started to call it 'once lost never found. But none of these are major handicaps for this lovely hotel to stop us from coming back..	
Aug 2 2009 	WOW!	I have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, a stopover on our way back to Australia after a hectic visit to family in the UK. What can I say? From the moment we were picked up for the airport in a private car, we were looked after so well, we were greeted with a complimentary breakfast buffet and we were able to check in to our room straight away although it was only 8am. We had booked a Premium Leisure Room, which I think was well worth the extra cost as this gave us the airport transfers, afternoon tea, evening canapes and drinks and entry to the executive pool whcih was just lovely.We had also taken advantage of the Summer Days package which gave us various benefits, allowing us to eat in other restaurants for breakfast, the Latitude served the best breakfast I have ever seen, soooo much choice! Free entry to Wild Wadi was great and there is a private entrance for hotel guests to avoid queues, there are golf buggies to take you around whcih is well appreciated at this time of year.We visited the Madinat resort in the evening, the souk there was good for a wander and there are lots of restaurants to chose from, although after the breakfast, afternoon tea (which was a mini feast) and evening canapes, you may not have much room for anything else, we didn't! We also used the free hotel shuttle bus to go over to the Mall of the Emirates which is just full of every shop you could ask for. We took a taxi down to the creek area and visited a few souks but this was not popular with the children, probably because of the heat.All in all, a fabulous visit and I can't wait to return again for a longer stay!	
Jul 31 2009 	5* star Hotel but 1* star guests1	Visited Jumeirah Beach Hotel after reading reviews. Hotel very clean ,rooms spacious and well serviced by hard working ,keen to please staff. The hotel is very large and to me therefore impersonal and lacking character, could be any hotel anywhere in the world but I would say Dubai on the whole, while architecturally impressive ,is pretty soulless! The breakfasts in Latitude offers much choice, served with a smile but pretty average taste wise, some people do seem to enjoy piling their plates high, getting fatter by day! The prices in Dubai are exorbitant so expect to be ripped off, £4 for a can of pepsi, £7 for a pint of heineken,£16 per glass of wine in the Italian Carnavale a restaurant in the hotel! Sadly, the most embarrassing aspect of our stay was the behaviour of other guests, just proving that money does not mean people can be respectful and polite to others. It was awful to witness other guests shouting their demands and clicking their fingers at the hard working underpaid staff! On a more positive note wild wadi is fun, the squash courts, table tennis and pool tables are free, everywhere is clean despite guests dropping cigarettes on the floor around the pool , too difficult to ask for an ashtray,someone else will always clean it up!! The aquarium at the Dubai mall is a must, the chinese restaurant at the madinat is brilliant, the scuba diving in Dubai is awful, viability nil, do the Oman trip, much better but a 5am start! Overall enjoyed the rest but much prefer the Caribbean surrounded by natural beauty and pleasant, polite people.	
Jul 28 2009 	Magical Time...	We have stayed at his hotel 3 times now and have never been disappointed. Its a wonderful experience and the service is fantastic from the moment you land at the Airport. Nothing is too much trouble for the staff - from having your sunglasses cleaned, being sprayed with a cool mist on the beach, free ice lollies and choc's on your pillow along with an Elephant made out of a towel left on your bed at night... The night club on a Weds is not to be missed 80's night , such good fun. The Wadi is great and there are some wonderful restaurants at the hotel and in the complex next door... Overall we always have a magical time when staying here.....	
Jul 26 2009 	Fabulous!	The Jumeirah Beach Hotel is the perfect choice for Dubai. The rooms are big, modern, very clean and full of great extras like a beach bag and sun lotion. All amenities are higher quality than in most other similar rated hotels. Great restaurants with a wide variety including a very good quality Chinese/Asian buffet. The private beach is a terrific bonus but the pool is also fab. It's all good here!	
Jul 24 2009 	luxury	the hotel is amazing nothing can beat it it is pure luxury if you go there you have taste and it is well worth the money and deserves to be number one. Great Amazing Fantastic I would reccommend this hotel to anyone wanting the maximim out of a hotel	
Jul 18 2009 	Nice hotel with an indifferent staff	Stayed ay JBH for three nights in early July '09 with my 17 year old son. We had a Club Leisure Twin room which was quite spacious (50 sq mtrs) with a large and comfortable bathroom featuring a nice sized tub and shower. The beds were quite nice and our room on the 22 floor looked out straight away to the Burj which is quite majestic in itself. Our package included free access to the Wild Wadi water park which my son quite enjoyed and commented several times that the attendants were very helpful. The fitness center is very well equipped and staffed.We took our breakfasts in Latitudes and found a very nice spread with eggs, omelettes, crepes and pancakes to order. Nicely done. Wide selection of cereals and breads as well. I will say the staff was disorganized and not very timely in their response for basic things like coffee or tea.We also eat there one night for their international buffet and while a bit pricey at about $55 USD it was very well put together with a wide range of regional and international dishes.My main disappointment was with the Club Lounge staff who acted like they were being bothered by any requests. Our &quot;express&quot; check in took an hour and our bill was incorrect when we checked out. There was no warmth from most of the people. The drinks, snacks and happy hours were nicely done.As for food, we took the golf buggies to the madinet and enjoyed the Noodle House the most. In fact it was the only restaurant in the madinet that was busy. The prices were much more agreeable too.Take advantage of the gold buggies to visit the Burj which is open to Jumeirah guests for a few hours a day. It's always nice to see how the other half lives!	
Jul 14 2009 	Five star absolute luxury	Great hotel - truly five star. Great views and plenty to do.Beds were extremely comfortable with great duvets and pillows.Rooms large and spacious and bathroom with separate shower and large bath.Enjoyed Wild Wadi water park and the many swimming pools on site. Had a tour of the Burj Hotel - all which were complimentary to hotel guests.	
Jul 13 2009 	The best holiday hotel in the world!	No need for a long review, the Jumeirah Beach Hotel simply tops everything in the 5 star hotel category. This was our third holiday at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel in 5 years, the rest of the world just can not compete with this place, you name the superlative, they deliver it. No need to go in the Burj al Arab (the seven star sail shaped place opposite), it's amazing, but all show. The Medinat next door should be avoided, too big, bit tacky. As I say the Jumeirah Beach Hotel is just unbeatable.	
Jul 9 2009 	Total Luxury	Have just returned from Jumeirah Beach hotel, WOW !!!Fantastic service and attention to detail. Took advantage of the All Day Dining package, which is worth every penny. We will definatly be returning.	
Jul 7 2009 	Wonderful Stay at Jumeirah Beach	This was our second time in Dubai and we returned to the Madinat Jumeirah resort because it was such an amazing experience last time. The service, facilities and food are one of the best we've experienced. Last time we stayed at the Al Qsar, which i think has nicer rooms and more of an adult only feel but the jumeirah beach would be fantastic for families and we enjoyed our stay here just as much. Our travel agent managed to find us a package at the jumeirah beach, which included half board, at a choice of 4 restaurants. The food here was amazing, including sushi, oysters, steak and live cooking stations. The choice of food was oustanding.It is hot this time of year in Dubai which makes it slightly cheaper but if you don't mind the heat, go!!We would recommend this hotel 100% and will be back.	
Jul 3 2009 	Best hotel ever	We stayed at this hotel for 10 days the hotel was fantastic, everything about it, the staff, the room, breakfast in the morning, the view when you opened the curtains in the morning was spectacular, the staff at the pool area were all so friendly they could not do enough for you, the pools and the beach were very nice, the only thing dissapointing about the hotel was that we could not stay longer! we would love to go back and hopefully we will in the future. We also went the Burj al Arab for drinks on the 27th floor in th Skyview Bar again the staff were so nice. We went to the Mall of Emirates the place is huge you could get lost in it. The rooms are huge and the bed was like a big marshmallow it was so comfortable. The free ice lollies by the pool are a bonus and the cold face cloths were a nice touch. Overall it is the best holiday we have ever had.	
Jun 29 2009 	Luxury Hotel 	My girlfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights mid June before moving onto Mauritius for a week. We booked with Destinology and flew with Emirates.ArrivalFrom the Airport we were greeted on time by Desert Adventures who transferred us to the Hotel by private car. Good Service. At the Hotel we did have to wait a while for our room, but they gave us a mobile phone to contact us while we waited round the pool.LocationThe location of the hotel is good with great views of the Burj al Arab. The Jumeirah has its own private beach with access down to the Gulf, sunbeds and shades are provided. The Hotel has a free buggy service which transports you to the Burj al Arab and the Madinat pretty much all day and night. There’s also a free shuttle bus service which takes you to and from “The Mall of Emirates” which is joined to “Ski Dubai”.HotelThe hotel itself is amazing, really impressive to look at and kept very clean. There’s a selection of various shops on level 1 and another gift shop in the basement. The Hotel has an office of the tour operator “Arabian Adventures” located near reception which is where we booked our trips.RoomWe were in room 1136 which was a nice size with a very large comfortable bed, table and chairs, desk and most importantly an excellent view of the Burj al Arab.There was plenty of storage space and complimentary dressing gowns, slippers and beach bag. The bathroom had a bath and a separate shower cubicle. The room was a fair distance from the lifts, not a problem to us but maybe if you couldn’t walk far it would be.Food &amp; Drink- Breakfast was brilliant, couldn’t believe how much there was to choose from. On our first breakfast we were given a tour by a member of staff. There was Indian, Stir fry, Arabic, Sushi, English fry ups, omelettes, salad station, bread station, egg station, fruit station and a huge selection of cakes and pastries. - I believe there were about 4 restaurants in the Hotel, we only dined at “Go West” which was a themed restaurant serving things like fajitas, ribs, nachos, etc. Nice food but not somewhere to get dressed up for.- There’s a bar on the roof of the hotel called “Uptown Bar”, we went here after dinner when it was dark. Great views of the city and the Burj al Arab. Well worth a drink or 2.StaffThe staff are very friendly and helpful, the front desk and concierge were happy to answer any questions we had about sights, travelling, etc.The room was cleaned to a high standard with a nice turn down service.Miscellaneous- I recommend a trip by Arabian Adventures called “Sundowner”, this starts off with a 4x4 safari in the sand dunes (quite extreme depending on the driver) followed by dinner in a traditional Arabian camp. Included in the price is Henna, Shisha, camel riding, a belly dancer and unlimited drinks.- Afternoon Tea in the Sky View Bar at the Burj al Arab is a unique experience. This was well worth the steep price. We booked it via the internet about 2 months before we went. - A boat ride through the canals of the Madinat just before sunset is quite romantic. OverallAlthough costly I highly recommend this hotel to anyone thinking of staying in Dubai. The location, comfort and staff will not disappoint you.	
Jun 29 2009 	Heaven on Earth.	This resort is so unimaginably amazing I can not put it into words... but I'll try! First of all I am jealous of anyone planning a trip here! I got back 2 days ago and am still in ore of the place. In fact the only regret I have about booking the holiday is that I did not make it longer. Ok so flew into Dubai early hours of the morning, a private car picked us up (ready and waiting) to take us to the hotel (amazing as the night flight from Heathrow is tiring). On arrival we were welcomed by the most welcoming lovely people. Your suitcase is taken to your room for you. You are presented with fresh watermelon juice. As we arrived early we imagined we would have to wait until check in at 2pm to go to our from... of course not, they gave us a room immediatly and offered us breakfast at the Beachcombers restuarant free of charge (we were half board but was not supposed to use th basis until after 2pm). On arriving at the room, it was mind blowingly beautiful (and it was only the standard ocean view room). The room was big with breath taking views. The bed was huge, the bathroom was gorgeous and everything in pristine condition.First stop we went down to the private beach. Which was never crowded, all in perfect condition. Swimming in the sea was worry free as there were nets further out keeping any wildlife out. We were amazed by the attantion we got, every half hour or so someone would come round offering free ice lollies, drinks, or a spray down with freezing cold water (brilliant). Beachcombers restuarant is nice but does not give as much variety as Latitude. We ate at Latitude every morning and night... the food is of a very high standard with everything you could ask for. It is in buffet form, with different rooms dedicated to differents cuisines. And a sweets section to die for with a chocolate fountain every night.Only down side of the holiday was nothing to do with the hotel itself. We had booked as a Virgin Holidays package so on our first morning met with our holiday rep... who was very rude, abrupt and unhelpful. In the space of 5 minutes we had booked our excursions on a rush not quite knowing what the plans were. We felt very uneasy for the rest of the holiday panicing about the amount of money we had spent and unsure on what we were getting for our money. Hotel staff again can not do enough for you... they would rather run across the lobby than let you press the lift button yourself, when your water got low they would top you up nothing was too much trouble! We never expected or asked anyone to do anything for use but somehow they always knew what we wanted.We got treats in our room every day, godiva chocolates, wine, fresh fruit and towel animals! Amazing.Make sure you take advantage of everything the hotel has to offer, we found ourselves on the last couple of days realising there was so much we cold of done but didnt realise.BOOK IT NOW. You wont regret it!	
Jun 24 2009 	Absolutely FABULOUS!	Me and my boyfriend went in the first week of June and oh my god we had a fantastic time! We were picked up about midnight from airport by private taxi transfer which was great as you do feel tired from the flying. its about a 20min journey from airport to hotel. The heat in evening is soo warm but lovely if you like warmth!When we got to hotel it was amazing reception area nice. we had no problems with check in no waits(then again we did arrive late in night!). The room was just a standard ocean view but it was huge with huge shower and bathroom. plenty of complimentires fruit water, beachbags, toiletries. TV. The view from room was amazing all rooms face ocean. you have brilliant view of burj al arab we were on 12th floor and love the view. if you are scaed of heights lots of glass panels so better to request lower floor!For breakfast we usually ate at beachcoombers which was lovely selection of everyhting! We spent most of our time on the beach amazing, never had to fight for a sun lounger sea water was beautiful and warm. everywhere there are lifeguards the beach closes at sunset and pool open till 10pm with lifeguards still attending. the staff come round and offer you complimentary ice lollies and cucumber and anything else you like they will bring to you, they also provide big beach/pool towels. the only thing I would say is that the pool area is always crowded and sunloungers there go very quickly if your not there early its hard to find a spot. it was ok for us as we preferred being on the beach. Beach did get busy from friday to sunday as this is the arab weekend but still ok. sitting on the beach you have the most amazing view of the Burj al arab. It is very HOT during the day so be careful! Also there are numerous staff who areemployed to take professional pictures from different locations in the resort and one even comes in the sea or pool with a waterproof camera well worth it! we got some amazing action pics from the sea with the burj in the background. it will cost you about 85 dirhams about £15 each. Hotel can be quite pricey a glass of wine will cost you about £10, 50 dirhams. it has soo many restaurants to chose from we mostly ate at latitiude as virgin holidays gave us a good halfboard deal. latitude was buffet and had every cuisine you could think of amazing food!. The hotel has Golf buggys that take you pretty much where ever you want to go in the resort 24hrs a day. you can also go in the golf buggys to the other hotels owned by jumeirah group the madinat is lovely lots of nice restaurants and has a souk. The staff are amazing so polite and go well beyond the call of duty they never expect a tip but we did because they were just soo amazing. They service your room twice a day in morning and evening you always have fresh towels and they always leave bottles of water in room and fresh fruit.There is lots to do out of the hotel things to see, we took snowboarding lessons at ski dubai worth it and it only cost like £35 each that includes all the kit they give you. shopping malls amazing especially the dubai mall where there building downtown burj has to be seen. dubai mall has every shop from in the world and food outlet! we also visited the local gold souks for a bit of culutre again unbelieveable!dress code wise people in hotel pretty much wore what they wanted(I saw some very short skirts!) smart attire required for some restaurants. In malls things are pretty relaxed too, though out of respect for culture i didn't wear anything too short or too revealing. there is access to beach from hotel via the basement so you dont have to walk thru main reception in beach gear or all wet.Wild wadi is the free water park to guests if you there early you can enjoy most rides without queing too long before outsiders arrive. wild wadi was fun and as it was free we went whenever we wanted! On sundays they have fireworks on a barge out at sea very pretty. We could easily get taxis anywhere, concierge very good if you have any queries about anything. I would definitly come back here if not to JBH then to its sister hotels madinat. It was the perfect holiday! If your unsure about booking dont be BOOK IT!	
Jun 20 2009 	complete luxury	in the hotel there is a wide range of restaurants from Mexican to buffet. everything was spotless and the stuff could never do enough for you. at breakfast there was a choice of 2 places to eat, both were buffets. At dinner you could get a buggy to the Burj al Arab or the Mina Salam for something to eat. within the 3 hotels i think there is round about 75 restaunts.The beaches and pools were lovely and the main pool had a swim up pool bar. for the children there was a childrens club on everyday and for all jumeirah beach guests there was free accses to the wild wadi water park. the hotel had a great location as the Emirats mall was a 5 minutes taxi ride. overall amazing!	
Jun 19 2009 	Luxury at its Best..	Dubai’s most famous hotel, the Jumeirah Beach Hotel is a man-made marvel. The peace my heart felt on reaching the lavish and exuberant destination has no bounds. Once over there, the shores of the Arabian Gulf were inviting and the hotel welcoming.The first thing that struck my mind on seeing the building was its unique shape. Yes, it was a mirrored-glass building, but the form of a breaking wave was what shone throughout. My excitement couldn’t be contained and I was raring to explore this lifestyle destination.I had opted for a beachside villa in the Beit Al Bahar, Arabic for house by the sea. With 19 different stylized villas to choose from the oasis, I finally made up my mind. The room was elegantly decorated. Its décor was thoroughly traditional. Persian carpets warmed the abode, while the artwork gleamed. Wooden carvings added sheen to the villa. I had come to relax, and it took me no time to find the snooze corner.The following day, the sun shone bright and the golden waves enticed my escapade. A tan was what we needed the most, and I had the most. For lunch, I headed towards Café Wadi and simply devoured their international menu.In the evening, I was surprised with a night in the yacht by my friend and the deck was flowing with champagne. After watching the sun drowning its beautiful colours, we settled at 360° bar. This roof top area lulled with a soft breeze and we plunged in the white sofas and grabbed a shisha (an Arabian water pipe). With a panoramic view of the entire estate, this is the best place to relax after a day.Dinner was at the Ocean blue, with white sands to dig our feet in and facial towels to rejuvenate us. The food was as fresh as the cucumbers and melons doing rounds. Now, tomorrow was what I waited for, as there was still so much to do.Splashing in the wild Wadi Water Park was the best part of the hotel. With exclusively – designed rides, adventure was the name on every mind. A goofy smile and churning stomachs later, I tried my hand at kayaking. It was fun, but a bit uncomfortable. Somewhere far I was seeing, those daredevils enjoying windsurfing and water-skiing. Oh! How I wish I could dare to do all that. But, seeing it also gives half fun.The diving center was beckoning and I scuba-dived to be near all the corals and fishes we could. Couples with kids, had a gala time at Sindbad’s Kid Club and I could see why the hotel was so famous.Cocktails and more at the Pool Bar, some authentic Lebanese cuisine amidst huge decorated pillars at the Al-khayal, a night at the Villa Beach and the hip DJ at Apartment Lounge, who had us grooving, took away our other time. Shopping for souvenirs at the hotel and I had to say bye.The lifestyle destination gave me what I needed – a weekend of relaxation filled with fun, and in more than one way. Going Dubai and missing the experience of Jumeirah hotel, is not worth it. So, go Dubai, go Jumeirah.	
Jun 11 2009 	Another Excellent Stay At The Jumeirah Beach	The Jumeirah Beach is the flagship family hotel of the Jumeirah Groups constantly expanding worldwide portfolio of resorts. It is set directly on Jumeirah Beach in Dubai in a developed area. This means that you will be able to enjoy your holiday without any major construction around. This is my third stay at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel and during this trip we occupied Beachcomber Suite 2.The suite has a large open plan kitchen, dining and living room area. Within the entrace hall area there are storage areas for luggage, extra hanging and clothing space and a complimentary safe. The kitchen area consists of cupboard space, sink, fridge, freezer, comibination microwave oven and a 4 ring hob with extractor. The kitchen looks out into the living area with a granite bar dividing the area. The fridge is stocked as a regular mini bar but does have ample space for you to add extra cans or bottles of water (unlimited amount of Masafi still water provided). The bar surface is also stocked with half bottle spirits, these are all priced at around 395Dhs each. A Phillips Senso coffee and instant water boiler are also provided, with generous amounts of tea and coffee pouches supplied. An ice bucket (filled twice daily), selection of glasses, carafe and the usual Villeroy and Boch crockery fill the cupboards.The lounge area consists of a rattan style sofa and two chairs, console table and television unit. There is a 24&quot; LG LCD TV with interactive information on the hotel, charges and a massive selection of international TV stations (170 at a glance). A coffee table with magazines and fresh flower display compliment the sitting area. The sitting area also has a large window and patio door leading to the private terrace. A four person rattan dining table completes the open plan section of the suite. Upon arrival a fresh fruit platter, bottle of red wine, flower display, box of Godiva chocolates and Jumeirah Beach branded arabian sweets are presented on the table. The fruit, chocolates and wine were replenished when used. Through a stone archway leads to the main bathroom. This is a typical JBH bathroom with large bath, power shower unit, bidet, toilet and sink. Fresh flowers, sponges, shower gel, moisturiser, shampoo, conditioner, various soaps, loofa, shower caps, bathsalts, mouthwash, sponges, nail files and all the usual condiments are provided and replenished daily. There are shaver charging points and a illuminated mirror around the sink area. Oh don't forget the Jumeirah Beach Duck! A large range of towel sizes were provided in good quantities and also replaced twice daily. Flannels were also crafted into the shape of Jumeirah logos, very creative and a nice touch.The masterbedroom is to the left of the bathroom. This has a wardrobe area, work area with power point and a 24&quot; standard CRT TV. The bed is a kingsize and very comfortable, mattress topper and 4 pillows provided as standard. Extra pillows are located in the wardrobe and blankets in the ottoman at the bottom of the bed. Turndown service is provided with a single Godiva chocolate on the pillow. A set of cotton and towel robes are provided in small and large size. Within the wardrobe there are sets of Jumeirah flip flops, slippers, beach bag, shoe shine and horn, sewing kit and laundry bags. There is also a shoe holder where you can place shoes requiring a complimentary shine by housekeeping. Large patio doors lead out onto the private terrace, with fly screen, nets and blackout curtains.The final area of the suite is the second bedroom, designed for children. This was unoccupied during our stay but is a large room with a single bed, with a pullout bed beneath. There is also a low level dressing table, large mirror, desk area, 24&quot; CRT TV, a mock &quot;beachview&quot; window and various child orientated art. There is another large wardrobe with ample hanging space in this area - again with all the Jumeirah branded goods. During our stay the housekeeper regularly provided a selection of towel animals and always left extra chocolates here.The terrace is located above the Leisure pool, with small gated area, steps and shrub/tree area to provide privacy. All the JBH windows are mirrored so people are unable to view into your room even if they were able to get near. The terrace has a 4 person dining table and chairs, 2 very comfortable padded loungers and a large fixed umbrella. Housekeeping laid towels and positioned the loungers daily. The terrace has views of Wild Wadi and the Burj - a very stunning location to sunbathe, with the large lesiure pool just a few steps away.This suite also gives you access to the Premium Leisure Club lounge at the end of the corridor, Club Eight towards reception and the Executive Pool. We used very few of these facilities as the lounges were crowded on many occasions and we preferred the terrace and wild wadi for sunbathing - rather than the walk or buggy ride to the executive pool. The transfer in hotel car was excellent and refreshing not to wait for a taxi at the airport. The suites are in an excellent location, very close to the lobby via a door next to the lifts - no waiting for lifts or walking down a long corridor. The design of this hotel ensures these are very long! We ate breakfast in the room once, very good quality and timely delivery. On most days we loved eating in Latitude for variety of options and sitting outside by the pond, fountain area. Beachcomber offers a smaller selection of food but stunning views of the Burj and beach.Another excellent stay at the JBH, we always choose to go at the quieter times - avoiding the peak winter times and school holidays. Even though the concierge stated that both the Madinat and JBH were 100% allocation during our week it did not seem overly busy at any point. The staff were fantastic at all times, arranging cars to take us to places and always greeting us with a smile. The conceirge desk arranged us last minute reservations at many restaurants, including brunch at Atlantis that was fully booked - I still don't know how he managed it! We took the complimentary golf buggies to the Madinat Souk most nights and enjoyed the Abra rides around - one of the reasons you need to stay at a Jumeirah resort. We also had a fantastic tour of the Burj (outside the allocated times) thanks to some wonderful staff at the JBH!The only problems I would bring up would be the Lesiure Pool bar was looking a little worn, some parts taped with duck tape and chewing gum stuck on the bar. We do have to remember that the JBH is almost 12 years old now and will show signs of wear and tear. Hopefully they will address this issue within the quieter summer months.The hotel now offers free Wifi in all areas, this was however painfully slow on most occasions with drop outs and low signal. Perhaps the system cannot handle the extra traffic. This does need to be addressed.The only issue is that you use the Jumeirah resorts to benchmark every other hotel you stay in, and they just don't compare!	
Jun 10 2009 	Superb stay at JBH	We spent 7 night in the JBH in the first week of June. We found check in quick and easy. We arrived at approx 7:30 AM and the hotel offered us breakfast for that morning instead of the last day as we were checking out very early . Although we were not officially allowed to checking until 2 PM our room was ready by 10AM.The room was far nicer than it appeared in photos we had seen of it. The room and bath room were very large and spotlessly clean. The bathroom was well stocked with toiletries of very good quality. Each day we were provided with bottled water and some fresh fruit.The view out of the window was simply stunning , the Burj and mariner in all their glory.We ate in Latitude for breakfast which had the best selection we had ever seen. We also ate at Go west and the Dhow and anchor during our stay and both were very good.We spent most of our time at the large leisure pool which was a bit overcrowded and the loungers were squashed together, but this was the only criticism of the hotel. A nice touch was that the hotel staff would bring ice lollies , cold flannels and cucumber to those around the pool ,all of which were well accepted.The hotel is very well located and we regularly visited the mall of the emirates and found getting a taxi from the front of the hotel very easy even though a shuttle service is provided.The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful.	
Jun 10 2009 	5* Hotel with 5* Service	We stayed at this hotel with our 11 year old son for 7 nights from 30 May 2009 to 6 June 2009.We took a night flight and arrived at the hotel at 8.30am on the 30 May 2009. On arrival we were taken to premium leisure reception, had breakfast and by 9.30am we were in our 0cean Balcony Deluxe Room. The room was lovely and large, with a huge bathroom.The service at this hotel is excellent and whilst unpacking we must have received at least 3 phone calls from reception asking if we were happy with our room and if we needed anything. As it happened I needed more coat hangers and a dozen extra were brought to our room within 5 minutes of my request.Although the hotel is about 10 years old it still has the wow factor and it is kept spotlessly clean. We had free entry into the Wild Wadi which we used most mornings between 9am-11am before the general public had access and would then get a buggy to the Executive Pool. In my opinion it was certainly worth upgrading to Premium Leisure as the service in the Exec Pool was brilliant. They put towels and pillows on your sun lounger and then brought an ice bucket for the water we had brought from our room. Between 3pm &amp; 5pm we would go to the Premium Leisure Lounge and fill up on the lovely sandwiches and cakes and enjoy a nice cup of coffee whilst our son played on the play station games. We could always get a seat in the lounge and never found it busy during our stay.Between 6pm-8pm more sandwiches and often hot food was served in the lounge along with 2 hours of alcholic drinks.This hotel is excellent and the staff just cannot do enough for you. They always had a smile on their faces and would greet you by name, which was a nice touch. Thank you to all of the staff at Jumeirah Beach Hotel for making our stay so special and for providing me with a lovely birthday cake, champagne and chocolates. We will definately return as soon as possible.If anyone would like to ask me any questions please feel free to contact me.	
Jun 1 2009 	Best Hotel I stayed ever	We were stayed this hotel for honeymoon. It was great service, cleanless, view. If you go to Dubai, You should see this hotel.	
May 27 2009 	Beautiful hotel in gorgeous surroundings	My husband and I and our twin teenage son and daughter stayed here for a week in April before staying at the Atlantis. We had been to visit the hotel on our previous trip to Dubai when we stayed elsewhere and always wanted to stay here. The hotel itself is so beautiful and each room overlooks the massive beach, pools, and the glorious Burj Al Arab. The beach is massive and the waves are quite good on occasion but mainly mild and suitable for kids. The restaurants are sooooo expensive so try to eat at the Madinat which is easily assessible with the golf buggies that take everyone everywhere around the resort. There are many reasonably priced (for Dubai) restaurants at the Madinat. We ate at Left Bank nearly every night and even when we stayed at Atlantis, we took a cheap taxi to the Madinat. Try the souk at the Madinat - excellent, and the trips with the abras- sort of Dubai boats. This is the most romantic place at night with the lights and smells and sounds. Try to see JBH and the Burj at night when they are lit up and change colour - awesome!Free entrance to Wild Wadi is great and we made use of it but loved the pools and table tennis and gym back at JBH too much to leave it often. Aquaventure at Atlantis is brilliant too - non guests can visit for the day at a cost. Visit the Dubai Mall if only to see Ski Dubai - this is incredible. When you eat at TGI Friday, it overlooks the whole of Ski Dubai. We also ate at Johnny Rockets which was good.Overall, although expensive everywhere, this is the most luxurious way to holiday and the free shuttle bus to the Malls and the free golf buggies are a plus.	
May 27 2009 	Great hotel and fantastic staff.	While this hotel is experience, take the chance and negotiate on the rate - it paid off for us when we decided to extend our stay following a conference. It was worth every penny. The staff and amenities were fantastic, the location great, and the rooms very roomy. My only complaint was that there was no telephone on the desk, which made working a little difficult. But hey, who wanted to work with the beach &amp; pool beckoning...!!! Attached to the hotel is the Wild Wadi water park which was a lot of fun and free to hotel guests. Go there at 10am before the gates open to the public.	
May 25 2009 	Perfect beachhotel	Room: Clean and spacious rooms, all with an excellent sea view and views of the Burj al Arab. Work desk with Internet access, good beds. Bathrooms had nice showers and very also quite spacious. Breakfast: We had breakfast at the Latitude and in the Executive Lounge, and I would prefer the first one. Very nice with a huge selection of everything you can imagine. Good on egg dishes, Asian food and juices. Restaurants: Quite expensive and not 5 star, but ok. We tried the Italian at the seaside and the hamburger place, and it was descent but nothing extraordinary. Beach: Very clean and nice beach, and the pools very also very nice, although there were too many lifeguards. We stayed in an executive room, and had access to the executive beach (the same as the guests at Burj al Arab uses), this is worth it if you want to get away from most of the children and large families. Small ice creams, cold towels and refreshments were given throughout the day. A perfect beach for sunbathing. Expensive food and water though. Facilities: Great sport facilities, we played tennis and the courts were nice. Also the gym had good ventilation, good classes (we tried the spinning) and the machines were state of the art. Staff: This is the main area of improvement for this hotel, as service varies greatly depending on which employee you meet. In general service is nice, however you would expect better from a hotel as expensive as this. The concierge desks is not what you expect, and is reluctant to aid you with difficult tasks. We wanted to rent a car, and advice on where to travel and dine outside of the hotel premises, however, no one could help us, and we spent one hour just obtaining a number to the rental company (as we wanted to rent a car the in house car rental agency could not provide). Moreover we had to call to make reservations ourselves, the lady was to busy to help us with that. Also the staff in the executive lounge should try to be professional and mind their language and attitude, as it sometimes seems that they think to high of themselves and looks down at their guests. Location: At the Jumeirah beach (of course), not far from shopping malls and the Dubai Marina, 25 minutes from the city center. You have everything you need in the area, and the Jumeirah hotel chain has several other hotels in the area, and you free to visit them and their facilities (except some restriction at the Burj al Arab). Conclusion: This is a very good place to go for a luxury summer vacation, weather is good, rooms are good, the area is very nice and you will have a great time for sure.	
May 24 2009 	Still excellent but starting to slip	This was our fourth stay at the Jumeirah Beach and although overall I would rate the hotel as still excellent, based on our other stays at the hotel, I believe that standards are now starting to slip in certain areas. When we have returned to the Jumeirah Beach on previous occasions we have been welcomed back both at reception and then a gift has been frequently sent to our room. On this visit there was no acknowledgement that we were returning guests. During previous visits we had been invited to a Managers Cocktail Party however this event did not happen throughout our stay.The service was for the most part, excellent and we were extremely pleased with the quality of food in Latitude for breakfast and also the hotel restaurants where we ate for dinner. I do believe however that the small touches which set the Jumeirah Beach apart from it's competitors are starting to become less such as the service around the pool and the beach was very slow. We did visit during the Easter period therefore the hotel was full however it was difficult to find personel to help wtih sunbeds and towels especially on the beach. Of most concern was the lack of service in the pool bar where on one occasion we actually left after waiting over thirty minutes for a table. On all previous visits we have never experienced such poor service which needs attention if the hotel is to keep to it's high standard that it is renowned for. Although I appear to have stressed the negative aspects I believe that the hotel is still first class and we will no doubt return again, however I do feel that in some areas it is resting on it's reputation and that other hotels in Dubai are as luxurious (if not more so).	
May 14 2009 	Best Holiday Ever !!!!	We took our 2 children aged 11 and 6 to Dubai after visiting 2 years before. We stayed in the premium leisure rooms on the 13th floor overlooking the Burj. Brilliant executive pool, always beds and huge umbrellas.(Make sure you take pool shoes as walking only a couple of yards will burn your feet). Free entrance to Wild Wadi which we used every morning for 2 hours before the main crowd arrived. Always used the buggies for transportation as far too hot to walk. Executive Club was well worth extra money as not only seperate pool but also sandwiches and soft drinks supplied throughout the day and 2 hours free alcohol in the evening. We ate at Go West (Great for Kids.Make sure you book a table that looks like an old cowboy wagon). Good entertainment and not badly priced. Also ate at the Meat Company , lovely food but a bit more expensive. Hotel is close to shopping malls, Gold souk , Ski Dubai etc for a good tour around Dubai use local taxi's as very cheap. We were lucky enough to stay at the Burj on our last visit, stunning rooms and service but less famiily friendly. Our 2 children absolutely loved every second and begged to go back this year. We booked to go to Turkey but cancelled after finding a great deal on the Virgin website, so Dubai here we come. Staying at The One and Only Royal Mirage, it's got alot to beat but we will let you know how good it was when we return.	
May 14 2009 	Would go back in a heartbeat	What more can I say than I loved this hotel! We stayed half board and the food was fantastic. Also upgraded rooms which meant we had private check in on the 14th floor (i think it was that one, can't really remember!) and free drinks in the lounge throughout our stay. All rooms are seaview which is great to wake up to every morning. Staff can not do enough for you, and when I say that, I mean they even spray you with ice cold water to cool you down so that you don't have the stress of getting up to go to the pool. Rooms are beautiful, we stayed in a club executive room type, and I'm not 100% sure if this is bigger than a standard room, but it was massive! As was the bathroom which I was very surprised about. In the bathrooms there is a huge walk in shower, bath that is again huge, WC and bidet. Rooms cleaned everyday, different treat left on our pillows every night. All in all, I loved this hotel, and Dubai in general, and would return tomorrow!	
May 11 2009 	Excellent hotel but a very difficult 1st night!	I arrived to the hotel at night and there were 3 mix ups that almost ruined my experience:1. Being a citizen of Bahrain we enter Dubai/UAE by our ID card (hotel staff and manager were unaware of this fact!!!) and the hotel insisted on having my passport which I didn't bring with me. After arguing with the duty manager, they managed to check me in. [My advise: Bring your passport with you if you enter the country by ID only]2. While checking me in, they found that there was a confusion regarding my dates of stay which they sorted our with Expedia, and kept me waiting for long! [My advise: Book directly with the hotel]3. After I was checked in, dropped my bag at my room, then went out for dinner outside the hotel. When I came back I was surprised to see that my room was taken by another guest !!!!!!!!!!! I went down to the reception and they told me that I was not checked in because of system mistake !!!!!!! They said they were sorry, upgraded my room (and gave me free breakfast and internet connection), I was really tired and didn't have time to argue, so I just went to bed.On the other hand, the hotel was very nice. I tried the Go West restaurant and it had very nice beef fajitas. Also the Anchor pub was nice with nice shrimp skewers dish. The breakfast buffet was amazing 100 dishes to choose from!! Excellent beach and had really good time at the nearby Wild Wadi water park.General Tip:- Ask for a room near the elevators (its along walk if your room is at the end of the corridor)- Sometimes it gets really crowded at the entrance, so if you have valet parked your car, call them 10 mins before you get down.	
May 8 2009 	Excellent !	Where can I start, we went to Dubai foa a week in Feb to get some sun during our winter, we knew it had a good reputation so our expectations were already quite high, all I can say is they were all met.The service was excellent, I can probably say the best I have experienced anywhere.The room we had was a club executive, which gives you acces to the executive lounge and the executive pool. Both are worth while, the lounge provides snacks and drinks all day and there is a happy hour from 5pm till 7pm when they serve alcohol (complimentary) This is good for a few drinks before going out for an evening meal.On a few occasions we popped back into the lounge after our meal (11pm) and the barman continued to pour us some free drinks. Breakfast in the room was also available and once we discovered this we used the service most days, it was very good.There are some expensive restaurants in the hotel/area but there are also some reasonably priced ones, towards the end of our week we learned of the better places.All the staff in the Hotel were excellent they made an effort to remember your name and they never complained, they always looked happy and said hello.The golf buggies are a nice touch for getting around especially in the evening when you don't want to be walking everywhere.The hotel provides free access to the adjacent water park too which was a great day out.Overall we loved the place....So much so we have booked to go again and will be visiting the same place 1st week in June.	
May 4 2009 	stayed for 4 days it felt like forever- so looked after	We stayed here for 4 days -and it was money well spent. The hotel facilities were great -nothing too much trouble for the staff. We arrived late night but were soon taken to our room. We only stayed in the standard room but this was huge- everything you could want- fabulous view of the beach and Burji.We bought some alcohol at the airport prior to entering so we could enjoy pre-dinner drinks in our room- they bring ice at turn down service.The food was amazing -the buffet has something for everyone- the Thursday fish night being the best.We stayed half board definitely worth considering in view of the prices.Loved the place would stay here again.	
Apr 28 2009 	Great location for a vist to the water park and a taste of Dubai	My family spent one night at the property in late March. The styling of the hotel is unlimited budget but not unlimited taste. The rooms were huge and faced the water (although one of ours had a partially obstructed view from a piece of siding on the structure). Everything was oversized and all tastes are catered to (personally I would prefer not to have cigarettes on sale in children's bedrooms but the complimentary sunscreen is a nice touch). The hotel has great facilities including tennis, squash and entrance to Wild Wadi waterpark which was a big hit. We also enjoyed visiting the Burj next door if only to wonder who can afford the prices in today's market- Russians it would seem. One night gives one a good taste of Dubai but I am not sure I would want to stay there for more than a stop over.	
Apr 24 2009 	Beautiful hotel in a great location!	This was our first visit to Dubai, and we can absolutely say that we did enjoy a real 5 star hotel. All the rooms have great ocean views (seeing burj whenever you're looking out of the room). The staff was really friendly and the food was just perfect. Breakfast was well-served and everything from sushi to camel milk was savory :) Wild wadi was great fun and since one has free access to it as long as he's staying at the hotel, I enjoyed it to the max. While having fun at the beautiful sandy beach and wild wadi during the day, you can enjoy the nightlife in its clubs, especially the famous one called 360.I hope I'll be returning soon...	
Apr 17 2009 	Great Hotel. Family Orientated	Most reviews are very positive, and I agree with the reviews. It is a truly outstanding hotel. There are generally only 2 complaints that some travellers have, and people need to understand these and put them in context.Firstly, people complain about the wait for rooms to become available on arrival. This is purely because many flights into Dubai arrive early morning. So people arrive at the hotel by 9am. Hotels can't afford to have rooms empty for a night, so clearly they have to let the people checking out that morning have their breakfast and check out, and then service the room. In my experience, you normally get into the room by about midday. You just need to accept this and head for the beach or wild wadi while waiting. Have some beach clothes in your hand luggage. If this sounds like hard work, then take the daytime flight, arriving late evening (but you do lose a day).Secondly, this is a family hotel, and some people think it can get a bit noisy. If you are childless and want a romantic really quiet holiday then it's probably not the place for you and the Madinat down the road is probably more suited. I have children and the opposite applies. The Jumeirah Beach Hotel combines reasonable luxury and a child friendly ethos and I prefer it. If you have children, or are at least used to children, you will be oblivious to the background noise of children having fun. Finally, some tips:1. Pack beach gear in hand luggage if arriving early morning2. In general, take a buggy down to the Madinat at night. It's good for eating and drinking and the boat rides are memorable. The indoor souk there is also good for browsing day or night.3. Recommend the half day desert trip including dune ride, camel trip and sandboarding. If there are 4 of you you may as well have a dedicated vehicle rather than share one.4. Wild Wadi is genuinely unique for adults and children alike. Suggest do it in short 1-2 hour bursts - the children will want to stay there all day, so you need to ration it.5. And I preface this by saying I am not an alcoholic. Do buy duty free on arrival at Dubai. Alcohol is very expensive in restaurants and bars. So your pre-dinner tipple is best taken in your room while getting ready to go out in the evening.You will enjoy it immensely. The whole holiday, not just the pre-dinner tipple.	
Apr 16 2009 	like revisting a good friend-never fails to impress!!!	my husband and i along with our 2 children 12 and 7 have now stayed here 3 times-we love it!!always go for a club room as the facilities it offers for children is fantastic plus of an evening a great place to relax with a glass of wine whilst the kids are entertained without moaning theyre bored!!the club pool is also a welcome addition as you feel as if youre away from the hustle n bustle of main pool which at times can be a tad noisy n overcrowded!plenty of loungers and great towel service!the rooms i have to say are nice yet nothing to really make you go wow!!maybe its because weve visited a number of times??still very comfy beds and great robes,slippers etc!also we enjoy fact of using madinet next door-the kids esp like the buggy ride at night past the burj and great choice of eateries,and of course the famous gondola ride!all in all we love jumeriah beach-great classy family hotel yet will remain dear to us always!!great value for money and fab location for taxis to mall of emirates....going to atlantis in aug and scared it wont match the standard!!!	
Apr 15 2009 	The perfect hotel for families	Just got back from a 6 night stay at this fabulous hotel. As a family we don't usually do this type of resort based holiday, but had been staying with friends in Abu Dhabi and thought we may as well pop over to Dubai whilst out that way. SO glad we did and SO glad we chose this hotel. We payed a bit more to go Premium Leisure which was worth every single penny - it is v expensive to eat and drink in Dubai and having the club lounge with free soft drinks all day , complimentary afternoon tea, alcoholic happy hour and canapes etc really helped the budget - a few days running we did not even eat in a restaurant because we were so full on the food in the lounge! The kids loved the lounge as they had playstations, internet access and a craft table manned by a member of staff. Also was so wonderful to have the exec pool and private area of the beach - easier to get a sunbed and a lot less noisy! We did try out the other pools and beach though and they were still great if very busy. We did upgrade to a room with a balcony which worked out about £30 a night extra but again worth every penny - when the kids went to bed it meant we could sit outside and have a drink and a chat without disturbing them. The Sinbad kids club was fantastic and our kids cried every time we picked them up to leave! We had never left them in a holiday club before but we completely happy with the set up here ( even if on the 1st day we did get a sun bed right outside the gate and then stalk the children when they took them to feed the fish!!!!) Our kids are aged 6 and 3 1/2.The staff here are plentiful and very very friendly. They LOVE kids and always took time to stop and chat to ours. In the premium leisure lounge you are also greeted by name which is a lovely touch. The security in the hotel is also very tight which is very reassuring - especially re the children. There is so much more to say about this fabulous place I could go on forever! Will stop now though with a final thought that I wish we had been able to stay longer! Would be happy to provide any further details if anyone wants.	
Apr 8 2009 	Fabulous hotel in a great location - just very expensive!!!	I stayed for 5 days as a treat for my youngest son (aged 12) at the start of the Easter holidays. Had to come without my husband who couldnt get away from work, and my eldest son was on a rugby tour. Travelled with Emirates and all went very smoothly with prompt pick up from the airport and the Kuoni rep to meet us. Even though it was late (2am) the staff on reception were fabulous and we were offered a refreshing glass of juice whilst checking in. The twin room we had on the 4th floor was more than acceptable and they are a really decent size!! Fab bathroom too, with a huge shower and bath. Great views of the Burj and the hotel grounds/Wild Wadi from the windows. The hotel is huge from the outside but very easy to get around, with frequent lifts. The pool was large with more than enough sunloungers - those of you with small kids would probably want to use the family pool with beach/slide etc - but the larger pool was really safe and I counted 5 Lifeguards on duty around it at one time! Unbelievable!Breakfasts were amazing too, quite the best I have had - and I have stayed in some gorgeous 5* hotels in my time in Bangkok, Singapore, Phuket, New York etc. Latitude was a little spread out for my taste, but the buffet choices were amazing particularly the pastries. Thats open until 11am but expect to queue at weekends and busy times after about 10.15. We went most of the time at Beachcombers for breakfast (open later until 11.30am!) because it was less frenetic and on the sands with outdoor terrace right by the Burj.Spent most of our time being very lazy and using the pool and the Wild Wadi which is complimentary and just great to pop in and out of for the odd hour when you're bored!We ate in Go West which was quite expensive for what it was, but huge portions which we couldnt finish. Great band though... We also had a nice pizza in La Verandah one evening after a late night shopping spree at the new Dubai Mall (Aquarium is well worth a look) and that was wonderful to watch the lights changing on the Burj. Otherwise we ate at the Madinat Jumeirah at The Meat Co and the Indian restaurant ? Usnar. Take the complimentary buggys up the beach and also visit the souk there before you eat. The restaurants there are pricey but really lovely to sit on the waterfront and watch the water taxis ply up and down. Theres a Trader Vics there too but for all those restaurants, best to book before you go. We went on the Arabian Adventures Dune adventure too - fun and my son really enjoyed it. Great to get out of the city.......!On the negative side, yes it is expensive, so be prepared for it., although its still a shock when you get there!! We just filled up on breakfast and took muffins/pastries and fruit/water to the pool and skipped lunch! Around the pool the guys give you cucumber and oranges and fruit lollies as well as cold towels which is a nice touch.The other thing that did annoy me was that there is nowhere in the hotel where you can go in the evening for a little nightcap with your child - there are some great bars which are all for over 21s. So what tends to happen is that all the parents with kids gather at the Palm Court in the lobby for a drink. It gets very busy, with lots of kids running around and frankly it is just a bit boring for them too!! I appreciate the comments from another reviewer about the children, and I think this is probably why they are quite so visible in the evenings? But at least the adults had a choice of where to drink!! Much better if the hotel had an internet or games room to give the teenagers something to do at night?In retrospect, I would have paid more and gone to the Premium Leisure Club (which we had a look around when checking out) as it had a nice lounge with stuff for the kids to do, like Interenet and PS, and a terrace for afternoon tea and a bar open until 2am with kids allowed!!Generally though I really loved the Jumeirah Beach and will go back. The staff are second to none and the food of a really good standard. I can take or leave the City of Dubai though as frankly its just a building site and some of those skyscrapers look like they will never get finished....!! Believe me the best way to see Dubai is at a distance from a 5* hotel!	
Mar 31 2009 	Absolute Heaven	We loved everything about this hotel the service the people the experience the view to die for. Can never forget the beautiful food served to us in the restaurants it is just an amazing place. Unforgettable!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Mar 31 2009 	Overrated overpriced overly full of children	There are a lot of good things about this hotel. Waiting nearly two hours for your room to be made ready is not one of them. Swarms of hotel staff go out of their way to help you, call lifts, ask if you are OK, and in doing so annoy you intensely. It might be all right for the hordes of Americans staying at innumerable conferences, but not for we travellers more used to quiet and relaxation. Everything was 10-15% overpriced in my view, probably to pay for the staff. The place was swarming with what appeared to be Russian families, who obviously do not send their noisy, ill mannered children to school, but allow them to skate in what was supposed to be a relatively refined restaurant. Which could not have been that good, as it flooded during a thunderstorm, wetting our table and forcing a retreat.No apology from staff, though they did mop up promptly. Yes, the rain was heavy, but the building leaks, in the Latitude restaurant. But as the kids were in beachwear they didn't care. I have seen the same sort of crowd in 3star all inclusives in the Canaries (seen, but not stayed) and as far as I am concerned this is not a true 5 star. It has all the features, none of the class. But I suppose that is the case with Dubai, never mind the quality, look at the size ( and price) The hotel looks impressive, and with its near neighbour the Burj Al Arab (clearly seen-nay unavoidable- from every bedroom) dominates the scenery. Golf trolleys whisk you around- this was great- especially to the nearby Madinat Jumeirah complex, which looked quieter and more Adult friendly. I wish we had stayed there.	
Mar 30 2009 	Brilliant experience	Just returned from 10 night stay at the hotel and would return in a heartbeat. My husband and I travelled with our 2 kids aged 4 and 6, booked with Kuoni and flew Emirates. Upgraded to Premium Leisure. The whole journey was slick and seemless. On arrival in Dubai, we were greeted by hotel staff and taken into the hotel lounge to await our private transfer. We were taken to the car and the driver had drinks for us. Short transfer. Premium Leisure have their own dedicated staff, reception area and check in. Extremely professional and friendly staff. We arrived at 7am and our room wasn't ready - they gave us a phone and within about an hour called us to tell us our room was ready. Staff escorted to the room and orienteered us which was vital given the size of the resort. Premium Leisure rooms are excellent. Spacious, clean and well organised. V comfortable for our family. There are not balconies with these rooms so be prepared to pay more if you require one. The views are stunning, but if you do not like heights you need to request a lower floor room.Premium Leisure worked brilliantly for us and was worth every penny. Private breakfast area, access to Executive beach, pool and lounge. Also added the personal touch as we were greeted by name by many staff throughout the holiday. There were queues at breakfast time in the main breakfast area in the hotel and being able to avoid this was good for us. Throughout the resort customer service was outstanding. The golf carts were useful when visiting Madinat, Burj al arab and skooting around the hotel grounds with tired kids! Brilliant kids club - great staff/kid ratio. Staff very enthusiastic and our kids liked them. Plenty of choice in eateries but we warned just how expensive it is on site. Pools and beach were well manned and well maintained. Loads of life guards - especially in Wild Wadi - brilliant! The sports pavillion is excellent - the gym is well equipped and great classes like Body Pump.Great location - everything is close at hand and easily accessible.Overall it was a great holiday experience, would return and would recommend. Any queries please ask away	
Mar 28 2009 	Great Hotel Extremelly Friendly SO EXPENSIVE	Stayed here for 4 nights with my husband. Had a fantastic time. Left kids at home so made the most of it!Everything is expensive here down to a can of pepsi, but its well worth every penny. You just have to be prepared for it before you go. We weren't but luckliy it didn't worry us.Sun does dissapear around 4pm which was very annoying. As much as the Burj it great to look at, its not great when it blocks my sun!!!!!!Food, rooms, check in,check out - cant fault a thing!Would stay here again. 100%	
Mar 26 2009 	The Best and you won't be disappointed	This is the third time I have stayed at this hotel and its still as good as the previous times. I will be returning later this year. As other fellow travellers have commented it is expensive at the hotel but it is a 5 star Having said this when I stay at the hotel I always book the Executive floor which is more money but long term it works out less. With this you receive complimentary return limo transfers to and from the hotel. You have a bigger room and bathroom and a shower you could fit about 6 people in. All your room products are Elemis. You have a separate check in area at the hotel on the Executive floor.The beach buggy takes you to the executive beach and pool which is private where it is nice and quiet and throughout the day the staff come round with cold towels , ice lollys, cucumber for you eyes and the sunloungers have nice thick mattresses with pillows. During the day you can have complimentary soft drinks on the executive floor and afternoon tea. Then early evening you can have canopes which are delicious and complimentery drinks anything you can think of all premium brand for 2 hours this is followed by a further 1 hour in the bar downstairs. I'm not an alcholic but as the drinks are so expensive its worth paying the extra as you get your money back. Wild wadi is great fun and so is the Sandboarding in the desert. If you like shopping you will love it here especially if you like jewellery its worth a visit to the gold souq remember to haggle though. The staff are very attentive the service is excellent what more can I say apart from I love this place just wish I could afford to stay longer than a week.	
Mar 22 2009 	Amazing!	WOW! This hotel is truely amazing. They treat you like royalty without being intrusive. The hotel rooms are amazing with stunning views. The pools and the beach are spotless and although the hotel was full, it never felt that busy around the place. The breakfast is unbelievable, I have never seen so much food before in one place! We had an executive room and I would def recommend paying the extra as you get 2-3 hours of free alcohol and canapes every evening and even when the time is nearly up they come round and ask if you would like to have some extra glasses as happy hour nearly ending! Will def be going back but this time with the children. Recommend this hotel!	
Mar 20 2009 	Indulgence? Why not!	We are new to Trip Advisor, hence the age of some of these reviews, but have been a few times to Jumeirah Beach. A number of reasons - Rugby 7's, R&amp;R, Wild Wadi.I like to lie by the pool, read my book and fall off my deck chair and role into a Lobster lunch with a fine Burgundy. This place does it for me, whilst my wife likes &quot;surfing&quot; at Wild Wadi.We haven't taken the children yet, but we will as soon as they are old enough for Wild Wadi.Great place for shopping, and skiing in the desert - both sand and snow (yes, really!!)We will be going back....soon...very soon...infact November / December this year soon!!	
Mar 20 2009 	the best hotel ever!!	This hotel is absolutely the best hotel ever. I can't believe that anyone can have a bad review. The people are extremely friendly, the rooms are great, the view from the rooms are even better...really, the breakfast is out of this world, they have everything. Yes, it was busy for breakfast, but you never had to wait more then a few minutes and they offered you orange juice while waiting. The breakfast at the beach was even better, it felt like paradise!! We never had any problems with birds like mentioned in another review. Really, I've been in many hotels before, also in Dubai, but this hotel is defenitely the best!!	
Mar 20 2009 	JBH - Ok Nice hotel but there are better hotels in dubai.....	This was our 4th time in Dubai in the past 2 and 1/2 years. Have previously stopped at the Al Qsar ( twice), Bab Al Shams and the Dar Al Masayaf - all of these are part of the Jumeirah group.Went for my husbands 40th Birthday and decided to try this hotel as we had tried a few of the other hotels in the group and expected to have the same level of service, but was dissapointed that it didn't live up to it sister hotels. I am not saying the hotel wasn't nice, was it a 5 star compared to the other 5 stars we have experienced in Duabi - then I would have to say no. Be pepared to go to Dubai with a large sum of money. We have noticed in the past 2 years the prices have rocketed! Example went to the 360 degree bar for a drink. Had 2 liquers and they were £10 each!Good points:-1.The hotel's decor was nice2.The rooms were a really good size with great ocean views.3.The ammenites of the hotel were good too - on the beach etc Bad Points:-1.Big and Busy. Breakfast is absolute chaos! - Had to que every morning for 15 mins for breakfast and would then ask if we wanted to sit outside and when we said no they tried to persude us, but they don't clear up often outside and there are swarms of birds eating off the tables!2.Had to call room service on 2 occasions because at 4pm in the afternoon our room had not been made up!3.Beach service is really slow and sometimes non exisitent4.Beach beds are old and quite a lot are broken5.When finally served on the beach they wouldn't clear the plates up and again the birds were everywhere!6.If you are a sun worshiper then the sun disappears around 5pm behind the burj for the day, so you can't watch the sun go down7.Room Service - had afternoon tea twice, 2nd time didn't bring no plates, cups, knives ect.8.Generally inconsistent level of service and not what i was expecting.All I can say is that once you have experienced the other Jumeirah group hotels, this one lets it down with its level of service.If you can spend a little more money, then I would reccomend the Al Qsar.Would I go back and stop here......probably not give me the Al Qsar any day!	
Mar 18 2009 	Same time next year	My husband and I travelled with our 2-1/2 yr old daughter the week after half-term. The hotel is so big that both business travellers and families can avoid each other...fantastic. The staff, service, amenities are supreme. The Sinbad Kids Club and children facilities are brilliant. Here's a few things I wanted to touch on:Food - a kids menu is at EVERY restaurant in the hotel; at Latitude and Beachcombers they have a play area so you can dine in peace. The buffets are best value for the money however as everyone mentions the food IS expensive in general. We're talking £3 for a can of Pepsi and £17 for a caesar salad. On average it's £60-80/couple w/out alcohol for lunch or dinner. The breakfast buffet is included so fill up -- and trust me, it's immense. All you can do is resign yourself to the fact that it's EXPENSIVE here, and just accept it. Happy Hour the cocktails are REGULAR London Mayfair prices so don't get too excited. The quality of the food is brilliant. We went to the German, Argentinian, and Italian restaurants on the premises, and wow, you'll be impressed.Recreational facilities - tennis, gym, sea sports are high tech and well maintainedBeach - stunning and well maintained. Someone will give you an hotel-made ice lolly if you're lounging on the beachBasically you're pampered and taken care of. Your room view is of the marina and the Burj-Al Arab. A penny pinching tip: take the free shuttle to the Emirates Mall and go to Carrefour supermarket if you want to buy nappies, soft drinks, juices, or snacks. It's like a Tescos.If you want to save a bit on meals go to the Emirates Mall (loads of restaurants) or to Bur Dubai (mainland Dubai). Everything on the Jumeirah side is going to be pricey.If you want bottled water go to the gym, they're well stocked. In your room they also give you about 6 bottles and replenish all the time. Oh, and they give you Godiva chocolates for the turn-down service. NICE!Here's something special. Our daughter was sick for two days and had to be holed up in our room; Guest Relations sent up a teddy bear and card to wish her well.It's the extra touches that make the experience at this hotel so worth while.	
Mar 18 2009 	Overall Enjoyed the hotel - Kids club fantastic	The kids club was fantastic and the staff excellent. The rooms are large, which was a bonus given we had two children. Breakfast was excellent and the seafood restaurant. Staff at the pool bar were excellent and we enjoyed the food we got at room service. I agree restaurant prices are very high and would limit us to staying for an extended period. My biggest complaint was with the Salon and I would not recommend it. Outside of this, we enjoyed our stay at the Hotel, the location to beach fabulous and Sinbad truly won us over. the hotel is very child friendly. Given we are a family and only have one income we would only ever go when we could get a good deal again as the normal cost is too much for us.	
Mar 8 2009 	One off	It was a memorable experience however you have to have money!! Booking the trip alone costs near enough £1000 per person and then a further £200+ a day is required for food. August is most probably the worst time to go as it is toatally packed- no privacy. Ok as a one off	
Mar 8 2009 	The best hotel ever.	We are writing this review while we are still staying in. I cannot rexist to write what is our experience because everything is absolutely superb. Dubai in general has a lot to offer, and this hotel answer perfectly to all the expectations we had before arrive. We did check in at 1 am on Tuesday 3rd March, and after a fast check in we were accompanied in our room by Carl one of the guest relations person, he was extremely friendly and professional at the same time, explaining the room and the facilities but also the view at night that is incomparable (we are at the 16th floor, with a view on Burj al Arab hotel and the beach and the marina), I have to say that most of the staff is from Philippines and the people of this country are very friendly and in every moment they make you understand that they do their job with enthusiasm and this makes the difference, when in every moment you find people smiling to you, there are also other nationalities (Indians, Kenia) and all have the same respect and behaviour, surely they are all well trained, I am sure that the management of the hotel is absolutely care to his staff. The room is very big, we have a king size bed with an extra single for our 2,5 year old son. The first 3 days we always changed location, 1st was in &quot;Wild Wadi&quot; an aquatic park that is beside the hotel where the guest of Jumeirah Hotel have free access, the second was in the pool beside the children activity, the third in the central pool, all of them has been fantastic days, believe me everything is perfect every single aspect is treated with attention, from the towels, to the life guards very difficulty you can find something better. One of the reason that I did choose the hotel was the sports center and in particular the squash courts (I am a fanatic player), incredible!!!!!! for the first time I had the possibility to find not only courts but also players. 3 times a week they organize &quot;clinincs&quot; were many people comes and for 2 hours you have the possibility to play changing each time partner. I stop now to write, but I want to guarantee that is impossible to describe everything there is so much to tell that I could write another hour, but only to tell you that is the best holidays ever in the best hotel ever.Thanks Jumeirah HotelMarco Italy	
Feb 24 2009 	Makes you want to come back year after year.	Our fourth year at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel and still as great as ever. The service is fantastic as are all the facilities. The Executive club makes a difference with the airport pick-ups and afternoon tea. I can't wait for next year....	
Feb 15 2009 	Fantastic sea views	We stayed here for 2 nights for our honey moon and we loved it..It seems a bit hit and miss for some people but we had no problems.We arrived at 8am and we had our room straight away and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. Everybody was freindly and always wanted to help.The room was very good and the view was great. The beach was just as good, I even went to the gym, where there are squash courts etc and that was fantastic too.We had no faults at all, they even gave us a bottle of champagne and chocs for our honeymoon.Only thing I would say is that being a 5* hotel, drinks and food can be expsensive, but we would go back again.	
Feb 8 2009 	Great Hotel	Have just returned from winter holiday in Dubai. Spent first five nights in Jumeirah Beach and second five nights in Mina A Salam (see seperate review).This hotel is large and glitzy, adjacent to the beach and opposite the Burj Al Arab. We upgraded to executive club which allowed us additional services. We were met at the airport and had speedy access through customs. Ushered to our limousine and then enjoyed quick and trouble free check in at hotel. We had use of executive lounge where canapes and drinks were served on a complimentary basis each evening. Canapes were varied and were of good quality as where the drinks. As prices seem to have doubled in Dubai over the last year I feel that paying a little extra for this service was cost effective.Public areas of the hotel were kept spotlessly clean and overall we found staff to be friendly and efficient in going about their business.Our room was large and comfortable with the most amazing view of the Burj. Bathroom was huge with a large bath-tub big enough for two and a shower cubicle big enough for a family of four!Breakfast in the hotel was a real treat. The selection was huge with all nationalities catered for. All in all a very nice hotel with comfortable rooms as well as comfortable and clean public spaces.Despite this being a family hotel we didn't find it to be over run with children.	
Feb 4 2009 	The place to be..Fantastic Views Superb Resort Facilities	Me and my partner checked in at 3pm as we had checked out of mina seyahi earlier and went for some shopping at Meena Bazaar, I had been looking forward to staying at this hotel ever since I visited wild wadi during my last trip to Dubai.I was excited as I entered the hotel reception with enthusiastic glee and child-like anticipatio of a great time ahead, lol. The check in was fast and i was quickly given my room number and card. The receptionist said &quot;oh, very good, you have been given room no x. Its got fantastic views.&quot; She was not wrong either. Upon entering the room, we could not believe it. It was mind blowing. The layout was fantastic, superbly spacious room, hyper comfortable bed, spacious shower with complementary products. However, the best part was the views of the Burj and the Jumeirah Beach. Located on 21st floor, it was perfectly situated to appreciate the majestic Dubai skyline, the great structural beauty which is the Burj, the pristine beach and the cool coloured seawater.Anyway, we quickly went for a tour of wild wadi and had special access through the back and had an hours fun to freshen up.I then went for a walk around the hotel and observed how big the hotel was, and the shops inside. Next day I had breakfast at Beachcombers as was slightly late for breakfast at Latitude. The breakfast was very good and it was complemented by the serene views of the beach. We then got changed and went to the pool area.The swimming pools in this hotel are absolutely fantastic and there are quite a few to choose from. I went to the largest leisure pool which has jacuzzi and ordered a fresh chilled strawberry juice from the bar which was just what i needed for a little swim, lol.After the swim, went to the beach area and this was by far the best beach strip I have been on in Dubai. The sand was clean, nice and warm and there were plenty of sunbeds to lounge lazily in sun and catch up on that tan. The beachwater was nice and cold but once i adjusted to it, it was pretty good.The next day we had breakfast at Latitude where Asif kindly showed us what was on offer. I have to say breakfast in this place was out of this world. Everything was on offer, from sushi to indian paraatha's, sausages to samosas, and the usual fruit, yoghurt, cereal etc. Last night we checked out the 360 bar which was good. It's always busy so get there early. Had a fruit cocktail and shisha which was good whilst dj played house music. Once again, the cool breeze and the splendid views were enough to keep me seated for some time.The only negative of our 2 day stay (apart from the 2 day stay, lol) was the service from the concierge and some staff. For instance, when i needed towels replacing i asked concierge to send someone up whilst i was going out. Upon returning 4 hours later, it had not been done. Also, i asked the concierge for recommendations on restaurant at late night. I mentioned hard rock cafe, and said it would be open till 2am. Luckily for us, our taxi driver waited as we knocked aimlessly at the door for staff to tell us it was closed. My partner said that the service was a let down and little things like that make a big difference. I would have to agree with her point, on principle.However, i will definitely be staying at this hotel in the future, and for me it is the place to be as it has fantastic views, facilities, restuarants and is simply amazing. It was great to wake up in the morning and see the beautiful views and I very much miss that right now.	
Feb 4 2009	Marvellous experience	I went for honeymoon to the Jumeirah beach hotel. I loved the whole experience. Excellent buffet breakfast with a great variety. The view from the rooms was great, especially during the afternoon and night where you could see the light show from the Burj al arab.The service was great and I never felt that I could not find someone to ask for something. Very clean and tidy rooms with a strong touch of elegance. A good variety of restaurants to choose from and excellent gym facilities.Overall a great experience.	
Jan 26 2009 	Fantastic Service	We have just returned from four days at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. Having visited Dubai twice before, once staying with friends and once staying at the Mirage, I was not overly excited to be going back. However the service we recieved at the Jumeirah won me over. Nothing was too much trouble. When we arrived at the airport our taxi (which had been arranged by our travel agent) was no where to be seen. The Jumeirah rep immediatly sorted out a car at no extra charge and organised a return journey on our departure again at no charge. When we checked in the conciege found that our agent had not given them the correct information, without any fuss they sorted everything out, so that we were barly aware there had been any confusion. Any request was always met with a smile and a will to please if possible.The hotel is quite old now by Dubai standards, it opened eleven years ago. The rooms are very spacious, all with direct sea view and well appointed. The Middle Eastern restaurant was excellent as was the Argentinian one (with live tango). The buffet breakfast in the hotel lobby was very good, with a huge selection and was equally good for dinner, if you like buffet style meals. We were on the club executive package that included breakfast, full afternoon tea, happy hour and access to the club pool (ice lollies and fruit sticks at regular intervals). We quickly realized that by the time you had eaten as much as you wanted from the buffet breakfast, had an amazing tea of various sandwiches and cakes, followed by Happy Hour with a selection of wonderful canapes, there was no need to spend any money on dinner. If you are on a tight budget or have a family of constantly hungry children this option is fantastic.The spa was probably the only disappointment, the massage therapist was great but it was all a bit tired and not very welcoming.All in all a great family holiday.	
Jan 23 2009 	Fantastic !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Lots have been said about this hotel so I am not going to repeat those I will just point out my highlights and tips.Premium Leisure Club / Executive Club Rooms - Well worth the premium you pay. I think the rooms are the same standard but are better located. You also have access to the Exec lounges one for adults only and one that children are allowed in. You can have breakfast here ( its quieter than other restaurants), complimetary snacks / soft drinks all days that free alchol and canapes for 2 hours each evening. There is a fab terrace on this loung that overlooks the Burg and WILD WADI. In addition with this we got VIP transfer from the airport and express service through immigration baggage with your own guide.The pool areas are nice but get a little crowded however with the upgraded rooms you get access to the Executive pool which is used for the JBH villas and the Burj. This is much nicer with your own pool butlers - bliss !WILD WADI access early is a great advantage. We used it daily for an hour or so then just as it started to get busy we would return to the Exec pool.There are some great restaurants and bars in the hotel and the other advantage is the transport around the hotels if you want to go the the other hotel within the chain eg Mina Salam. We thought this hotel had a great holiday atmosphere and was great for children or adults. I would personally say this is better for families than the Mina Salam but is not overrun with children so fine for adults also.Would certainly go again - Service is second to none, the best we have experienced in 5 star hotels elsewhere. Enjoy.	
Jan 23 2009 	Dubai Honeymoon	We stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel in Dubai in Aug 2008 for our Honeymoon. We travelled with our 20mth old son.From the moment we arrived at the hotel, we were spoiled rotten! The meet and greet staff were superb, they took our son and found him bags, teddies and toys to keep him occupied while we compelted the (painless) checking in procedure.By the second morning, the staff on the breakfast meet and greet knew our names and our sons name, they made such a fuss of our son!Mealtimes were thoroughly enoyable as the staff kept our son enterntained no end.The hotel room was gorgeous. pristine, roomy, great view of the Burj. Alongwith this we got daily water, suncream, fresh fuit and chocolates. They also left a daily newsletter which told you what was going on inthe resort.The pool and beach areas were again very clean and well presented, with all the staff being very friendly and helpful. Everyone made time to stop and speak to us all the time. The food was superb and reasonbly priced for such a wonderful hotel.we had such a good time, we wrote to the front desk amamger when we got back to express our gratitude to his staff for making our stay so special.We would recomend Dubai, especially this hotel, to everyone. thre is so much to do you will never want to come home!!	
Jan 22 2009 	Fantastic Xmas	We stayed for 3 days over xmas and had a great time.The view from our very spacious superior delux room was fab. Our daughter then 10yrs enjoyed the gifts she received from the hotel and our wine and chocs were much appreciated.On xmas eve we had a wonderful meal in Latitudes, Santa paid us a visit. Breakfast here was also very good my daughter ate their years supply of smoked salmon I think.Xmas day was spent on the beach. My daughter and husband made good their free entry to Wild Wadi.The service on the beach on xmas day was a bit slow but otherwise the staff were all marvelous	
Jan 21 2009 	Paradise	Loved the JBH - absolute paradise - regretted the short visit. Kids loved the hotel especialy pool and jacuzzi. Good time to visit temp - 16 degrees celcius to 26 degrees celcius. Excellent room with great view of the Burj and Marina. Devine food but be warned that nothing is cheap. The Latitude restuarant serves a seafood buffet every Thursday night at a cost of 250 dirhams per head. Free shuttle to mall of the emirates every hour from 10am to 11pm. Good restuarants - much cheaper than JBH. Wild Wadi was an absolute treat for the kids.	
Jan 12 2009 	JBH Lives up to its high class reputation once again!	Very quickly, this is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in - yes it is pricey, but the sheer grandeur and elegance, combined with the non-pretentious atmosphere just ticks all the boxes! I would highly recommend a Club Executive room or one of the suites for the pool and executive lounge facilities alone. This trip was through Virgin Holidays again from London Heathrow. Excellent Flights, Fantastic Service and easily booked/handled through the call centre.Please see my previous review (Jul 2006) for a full breakdown of the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, as not much has changed - its still all great!	
Jan 8 2009 	Great hotel and overall experience	Stayed 1 night at this hotel back in 2006. Was dissapointing that I could only stay one night (was a good deal for that night, all other nights were double the price).Great views from the rooms and the free entry to Wild Wadi for hotel guests was excellent. It is located far from the city centre (creek area) but overall, the Mall of the Emirates is close and the nearly shops and eateries are great. Loved swimming at the beach looking at the Burj Al Arab. Very clean beach.Hope to visit again soon.	
Jan 4 2009 	Great Location!	Stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel for 3 nights in Dec. right before Christmas. Based on the previous TripAdvisor reviews I was expecting to find a very crowded hotel, possibly over-run with children, but to my pleasant surprise there was no one there! The hotel is expensive and when we asked numerous different employees why they weren't busier, they all cited the &quot;financial crisis&quot;. The lobby always seemed to be bustling, but everywhere else inlcuding the beach, pools &amp; restaurants were a ghost town. In my opinion, that was huge perk, helped with rest &amp; relaxation. I never even saw another gues on our floor during the entire stay.They let us have our room at 8:30am, instead of making us wait till check-in, which was wonderful, because we were so tired from the trip. They also honored my on-line request in regards to the location of room. We had a balcony with a fabulous view of the Burj.The best part about this hotel by far though is the location. Being on the gulf right in front of the Burj and The World, offers neverending fabulous views. I can't imagine having been happy staying at a hotel in the Cty or on the Creek after seeing this hotel and its sister properties. You can get into the Burj during certain hours of the day without making a reservation in one of their restaurants. They even let you go up to the top floor which offers a magnificant view of Palm Island. The buggy will drop you right off at the front door. Wild Wadi, which is a fabulous water park is just a few steps away with its own entrance for hotel guests. They'll let you in an hour early, which we took advantage of and basically had the place to ourselves. Rode everything during that hour and left within 2 when the people started pouring in. My only complaints would be the food. The restaurants left a lot to be desired. The food just wasn't that good. Try to eat elsewhere is you can. The buggy will take you to all the other 50+ restaurants at their other 3 sister hotels. I don't know if they'd be any better, but they couldn't be worse. Also, they don't ever have enough employees working the reception desk and because of that check-out took way too long. Overall though, we were really happy with our stay!	
Dec 28 2008 	Love Dubai but the prices are high	We have just returned from spending Christmas at Jumeirah Beach Hotel - our second time. We went with our sons aged 18 and 19 and have had a brilliant holiday. As it was a special occasion I upgraded us to the Club Executive rooms which was great but you have to make sure you get value for your money.When we arrived as Executive clients we were whisked through immigration and shown to a waiting Audi A8- however in the excitement we missed duty free!We did something differnet every day we were there but always made sure we went to Club Eight which has free drinks from 6-8pm. The girls in there were excellent and although it said only for over 21s my two came in and played pool and watched TV and had a drink with us.One of the better points of the club was that we got to have breakfast in Beachcombers on the beach were it wasnt at all busy. Breakfasts were lovely and you dont have to pay to have them in your room either - otherwise it is £50!You also get to use the Executive pool which is great until it gets busy when there were alot of very noisy foreign children there - so we went to the beach the next day and the followed us!!The restaurants are way too expensive we paid easily £200 every night for the four of us. So we went out for dinner to see a bit of nightlife- I can recommend the chinese at the Metropolitan, think its called summer place and to Vivaldi at the Sheraton Dubai Creek. Did everything else: Atlantis water park ( e prefer Wild Wadi), Seaplane flight, sandboarding, desert drive, segways, snowboarding and the beach to recover from the cost.As someone else has stated with the pound plummeting ( we got 5.4 dirhams to the pound in the Mall but it fell again after that) it is getting to be a really expensive holiday and you have to take that into account when booking.However all said and done we loved it and will probably return although I fancy staying in the Desert next time, I definetly wouldnt want to stay at Atlantis.If anyone wants any other tips please fell free to email me.Val	
Dec 21 2008 	Mega Hotel Mega Bucks.	Just returned 20th December 2008. Beautiful hotel and lovely staff. Pretty much agree with most of the previous posts except they all seem to understate the high cost. Make no mistake Dubai is expensive, very expensive. Even accounting for the drubbing the pound has been given on the exchange markets you need a lot of money to make the most of a holiday here. The whole Jumerirah area, four hotels and a couple of miles of beach was very quiet. The powers that be need to address these costs and fast as this is not going to improve and punters like us are Dubais future, or so we are told. As for the shopping just forget it, beautiful shopping malls and prices to match. Compared to the UK prices, retail is a good 40% over what we would pay. Tat around the Souks is cheap if you want a dodgy Rolex or a stuffed camel and don't mind getting hassled to death whilst keeping a firm hand on your young daughter, blimey the locals really do know how to letch and make a girl uncomfortable, and yes she was well covered up. Fancy eating cheap in the malls? How does £14 sound for a quarter chicken at Nandos. Back in the JB hotel a bottle of becks or Corona willcost you £7 no problem. Any decent 3 course meal in any of the better 22 restaurants will cost you £150 a couple and thats without wine. Forget the moet at £200 a bottle, you will have to stump up £60 for a Frexinet cava! You can have a half bottle of moet from the mini bar for £80. Even the daily papers were £5 a pop. On the plus side taxis are reasonable and the construction is jaw dropping to behold, especially the burj dubai tower. The only way to do Dubai on the cheap is to buy your booze at the duty free, stuff your face at the breakfast buffet and take the complimentary water from your room down the beach all day, plenty of that going on. IMO somethings got to give price wise before I will even consider another Dubai holiday. It was plain to see some families with small children scouring the menus for anything half reasonable, concessions for kids aren't that plentiful and a few free ice lollies and a slice of orange around the pool doesn't really add up to much in the grand scheme of things. Oh in conclusion don't think the guy handing out the glasses of champagne poolside is doing it free gratis. On day one I did, £35 a glass, Ouch.	
Dec 21 2008 	Great location!!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in between The Maldives and The Seychelles. After having 9 relaxing nights in The Maldives we enjoyed going out and about to some gorgeous restaurants at night in Dubai. We ate at The Carnevale, an Italian, in the hotel and loved it, the pasta was amazing.We also ate at The Marina fish restaurant, the staff were great and the food lovely.On our last night we got a buggy to The Burj Al Arab and ate at Al Mahara fish restaurant, it was amazing. Expensive but it was a fantastic experience and if we ever visited Dubai again we would book it again. Food was some of the best we have eaten and we have been to a lot of top hotel's in London. Well worth a visit!!!We had a standard room and was more than happy with it, the views were great (which I think all the rooms in that hotel are) and room service/laundry etc were all brilliant.We were able to check into our room very early the morning we arrived which was fantastic because after a night flight we badly needed some sleep.Breakfast was a bit of a squeeze at times, only 2 toasters for hundreds of guests was a bit silly so queue's every morning for a slice of toast, when all you want to do is eat and go out to enjoy Dubai. Breakfast was good and there seemed to be a brilliant selection.Great free bus ride's to The Emirates Mall so we took advantage of that. If you like skiing 'Ski Dubai' in that Mall is brilliant, we had never been before and had 2 lessons there.We enjoyed the Wild Wadi water park and it was good that we got in for free as it was in our hotel but we prefered the new Atlantis water park as it was a lot more exciting and better 'rides'. It costs a silly amount to get in but we still enjoyed the fun!If we ever went back to Dubai we'd probably stay in the Burj to experience that as it looked amazing but we would also recommend this hotel as we were very happy with it.	
Nov 24 2008 	A few complaints but a great stay	We flew with Air France via CDG, our connection was speedy and very efficient due to the ground staff. We had a car waiting at the bottom of the steps from the plane which took us to the connections lounge avoiding the queues. Air France were great outbound but terrible on our return journey. (ran out of food and tv didn't work, just unlucky with the seats we were allocated) We were greeted in Dubai by our chauffeur, who walked us to our car and took us directly to the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. The check-in staff were very friendly and welcoming. We were offered the chance of an upgrade to a suite or villa. Although expensive we decided to upgrade to a suite as we were there for a special occasion. However there was some confusion of what rooms were available as the Hotel was really busy that week, so were told that we'd be unable to upgrade straight away and to return to reception the following day. As it was late (after midnight), we were not overly fussed and just wanted to get to our room and try and get something to eat. We were shown to our room by one of the Guest Services Reps, who was extremely informative and friendly about the hotel, area and Ramadan. We were advised that the Latitude bar would be our best bet for food at this time. The menu was basic, but at 1am, we didn't expect much, but enjoyed the food. Rooms: The rooms were kept clean and presentable, but were nothing special. The bathroom was very spacious with a great shower. Suites: We were a tad disappointed with the state of our Suite. There was an old rolled up curtain crammed onto the window behind the current curtain. This gave off a bad smell. It had obviously been there for some time. The bathroom was a lot smaller than the bathroom in the hotel room (non suite). There was also a door that had been screwed shut (screws were visible) that lead into some kind of cupboard that gave off a lot of heat. On a positive note, the balcony off the suit was Massive! unfortunately ours got no sun. To catch sun, make sure your suite is on the waterpark side of the hotel (rooms with odd numbers) Food: On our first day we chose to dine at the Dhow &amp; Anchor (British style pub) in the JBH - On entering the pub, we were stopped by a guy with an English accent who told us the Bar was busy and advised us to go elsewhere. At this point around 8 other people walked into the bar behind us and were welcomed by the same guy and shown towards a table. The pub was busy, therefore there were a lot of people witnessed this, we were both embarrassed and furious at the arrogance of the moron and decided to leave before causing a scene. Needless to say, we never went back to sample the food. There are many great restaurants in the hotel, our best meal was at Carnevale, Well worth a visit!!... but remember to book. The restaurants in the hotel are used more by visitors than guests, so tend to be fully booked all the time. Breakfast are served in both Latitude and Beachcombers and are both buffet style, as much as you can eat, they cater for all... We only made it to Latitude a few times as we were unable to make the time slots - Never made it to the beachcomber for breakfast. We dined at the beachcomber one day that we missed breakfast, we were unaware that it was a buffet style restaurant - &quot;All you can eat&quot; (our fault for not reading up on this in the hotel guide first) and ended up paying around US$100 for lunch which consisted of a slice of toast, bowl of soup and some noodles - We didn't return here either. There is a free shuttle bus service provided by the Hotel, that runs between the Hotel and Emirates Mall... This is great.. .but can fill up quickly, so you'll miss out if your not there first - In addition, the bus is very punctual, so if you not there when it's due to leave, it'll be gone. We missed the bus nearly every time we went for it. However, a taxi to the mall only costs around US$5. The mall is great for shopping, but fantastic for food!.. there are so many places to eat here.. and at GREAT prices too. We dined at St Maxims a couple of times - Great menu, great service and great price. We also dined at &quot;Butchers shop bar and grill&quot; a south African restaurant, again, great menu and great price - FANTASTIC FOOD... Go here, you wont regret it. Dine and watch folk on the slopes at Ski Dubai.  Hotel: The hotel is pretty spectacular, it looks very impressive when lit up at night. The lobby, restaurants and seating area, are well maintained. Staying at the JBH, you get access to the Burj, this is arrange by Guest Service. We didn't bother with going across as we hadn't brought the appropriate attire with us (we're on holiday in the sun, dressed shoes and a suit is the last thing I want to take on holiday with me) Apparently, we didn't miss much. If you upgrade to a suite or are booked to stay in one., you gain access to the executive pool, this is a great pool directly in front of the Burj. The staff at the exec pool really look after you and spoil you with some complimentary drinks, cakes, fruit and ice lolly. The pool is really quiet and relaxing. Also, you gain access to the executive club, we didn't bother going as it was very smoky. Wadi Water: As a guest at the JBH, you get free entrance to the waterpark - This is fantastic... It is totally unique! unlike any water park I have been to before. We ended up at the water park nearly everyday of our stay at the hotel. The place began to get busy around 11am.. which meant long queues for the slides.. but they were worth it. The queues began to shorten at around 6pm. There is a fast food place (McDonalds style) in the park where you can charge to your room. Beach: The beach is kept spotless, there are waiters there to look after your for refreshments whenever you need one. The sea is warmer than a bath, so don't expect to cool down this way. However there is also a guy who comes around and sprays you with freezing cold water while you lay on your bed (at your request obviously). This helps to keep you cool.. Also the complimentary ice lollies go down great!!! Pool: The main pool is massive, but if you want a relaxing time, avoid it. There were lots of kids here when we were there, so we opted for the beach. Bars: We went up to &quot;uptown&quot; bar on the 24th floor, it was very small and busy. You can access a massive terrace from the bar, but unfortunately are not able to take any drinks outside with you, therefore the terrace was empty (crazy if you ask me). The bar became to crowded, squashed up and smoky, therefore we left. Dhow &amp; Anchor - Could be a good bar if they sacked the arrogant git that works there. There are also many good bars in the Emirates Mall.. (at half the price) In all: We had a good time at the JBH. Although it did not meet my expectations in a lot of ways, I had a couple of complaints - the front desk manager was extremely apologetic and addressed my concerns. This aside, there were also many things I liked about the hotel that would make me certain to return.	
Nov 23 2008	wonderful	All the rooms have a wonderful view on see and on Burj al Arab. In the wide bathroom you can find all you need, and in the bedroom there's always fresh fruits and chocolate. The breakfast buffet is huge and very good. A free shuttle is available to go to the Malls. The location is great for shopping (in particulary Mall of Emirates), and for beech/see, but si a little far from the old city.	
Nov 21 2008 	Another great stay	Just returned from our second visit to th JBH ( 12- 19 Nov) and it was just as good as the first 2 years ago.On arrival (@ 2am) a member of staff escorted us to our room and explained all the amenities within and the times for breakfast etc. Our price included breakfast which still has a great variety of choice and we ate in the evening within the hotel on four occasions which was expensive compared to our previous visit ,but as another reviewer stated I believe the exchange rate may have contributed to the higher cost.The staff cannot do enough for you and were so helpful at all times. I did see other guests from Europe &amp; USA treat the staff poorly, ignoring them, not even offering them a thank you for their assistance as if the guests were of a better class.One guest even snapped his fingers at a waiter !! These people really have to take a look at themselves as they are no better than anyone else.Some guests have started to place towels around the pool areas before breakfast then leave them for sometime but the beach area was fine and there was no shortage of sunbeds.We did the Moonlight cruise on the Dubai Creek which included a buffet dinner which was excellent and good value and visited the new Dubai Mall which is huge.We also used the gym at the Marina on three occasions and this is a first class facility.Overall I thought it was a great 7 nights in a fabulous location and I will not hesitate to return.Only wish we had another two nights and would have seen the fabulous fireworks for the opening of the Atlantis Hotel.	
Nov 20 2008	amazing!	i have just come back from half term at jumeirah with my husband, and his daughter (9yrs) and friend..it was everything i had hoped.We had originally booked to stay at atlantis but due to the bad reviews and terrible feedback ,we decided to change to JBH.It cost quite a bit more money and i was anxious that it could live up to my expectations. Everything about this hotel is pretty fabulous. the staff are so polite and helpful..nothing is too much trouble.the pool area was lovely but very very busy at half term (and noisy!)...but little touches like the lolly man (the kids loved the free lollies!!) , cucumber/water spray etc and just the general great service poolside/ on the beach all added up to us feeling like we were still having a luxurious stay. the water park was amazing.thoroughly recmmended. i didnt personally like the decor of the rooms(the bright reds and blues are a bit marriot for me!!),but they were certainly well appointed and spacious.The kids felt like the kids clubs were too babyish for them and i definitely felt that there was nothing at all for the teenagers in this area,but they totally got into the films that showed around the kids pool at 7pm. such fun for them.The food was expensive, we didnt think much of the tex mex,but loved the english pub and le verandah...fabulous cheaper but great food options. all in all a fabulous fabulous stay and i would recommend it. if you are a couple...do avoid kids holidays (obviously!) though...as its a completely full on atmosphere!!!!	
Nov 18 2008 	Fantastic hotelsuperb location!	Just got back from a fantastic 4 night stay at The Jumeirah Beach Hotel.33 degrees every day! The staff are absolutely wonderful. We had paid extra for a balcony room and it was well worth it. Balcony rooms only go up to the 7th floor but we were on the 5th floor(highest with double bed). We looked right over The Burj and the sea.It was lovely to watch the lights on it at night.We had a good tip to buy our alcohol at the duty free at Dubai airport.You are allowed 4 bottles each.This could be wine,spirit or beer. It saved us a lot because the drinks are very expensive in all the hotels.A small bottle of beer is about £6, the same as wine.You cannot buy alcohol at the supermarket.We also bought cans of coke at the Carrefour for about 20p each and in the hotels they are £3.50 each! The highlight of the trip was going on the desert safari with Arabian Adventures booked through the hotel.It is excellent! You travel over the desert, watch the sunset,ride a camel,and have an excellent 3 course meal with unlimited bar. This hotel is in a fantastic location,friendly with superb food.We will definately return!	
Nov 16 2008 	Are we talking about the same hotel???	My wife and I selected the Jumeirah Beach Hotel after reading the reviews here and wanting somewhere where we would have a relaxing and 'pampered' time after a tiring but enjoyable tour of Egypt.The rooms are certainly well appointed. We checked in at about 2am and were escorted to the room and shown all the features. Luggage eventually turned up.Its certainly a well appointed hotel and the staff seemed very friendly and helpful. But;1. No hot water in the taps (you have to run the hot tap for a few minutes to get hot water).2. Service in the lobby bar is poor (waiting for up to 20 minutes after ordering) and hen another 20-40 minute wait for the bill.3. Wild Wadi (great for adults as well as children) - whilst you get free entry you need to be aware that for a locker its an additional 25 Dirhams.4. No delayed check out available.5. Bill was incorrect and had to argue for correction.6. If you want to go to Dubia central in the evening (from after 6pm) taxi is the only method and be prepared for a 2 hour wait, and its a 90 minute taxi ride to the souks as its 'rush hour' time and the road is congested.7. No courtesy pick up from the airport (and we paid over $3000 AUD for our two night stay and did not qualify).8. If you have an evening flight out of Dubai leave the hotel NO LATER than 3pm to avoid rush hour!!!!9. Insufficient lifts - again a small annoying wait all the time.Overall comments - a plush hotel which has a lot to offer, but its 'out of town', staff seem willing to help, food is good. Final comment its not value for money.	
Nov 6 2008 	Still up there but!	I stayed at Jumeirah Beach Hotel during October half term with my wife and our 8 year old son. Without counting I guess this was probably our seventh or eighth stay.All the positive comments elsewhere still apply i.e. great service, fabululous amenities etc. However, perhaps a comment for the management might be that when loyal customers arrive and point out that they have been to the hotel on many occasions before it doesn't really give the right impression when management responds with the rather tart reply that 30-40% of guests at any one time are repeat guests'. great! let's see if that remains to case.The things that we didn't like this time (and this is the first time these things have really been discernible in our opinion)1 - Ridiculous (and now quite offensive) pricing in the top end restaurants; dinner for 2 adults and one 8yr old in the fish restaurant was £250 excluding drinks. While the standard of the food is good, the chefs are not named and starred michelin chefs and dinner at Gordon Ramsey's flagship restaurant in London cost us less!! over £100 for a lobster is both vulgar and bonkers. 2 - The hotel is becoming a victim of its own success. The two main pool areas are now so packed during main holiday periods that the dreaded sun-lounger scramble begins before breakfast around 8.30am and the pool areas are akin to sardines in tins. They have also started playing pop musak around the pool which further adds to the general melee. Football shirts even for dinner are now a regular sight!Perhaps some of these comments reflect the general increase in populariity of dubai but my advice to friends would be to try The Royal Mirage if you want a smarter more up market experience, which is a bit sad as this is how we used to feel about JBH.	
Oct 30 2008 	3rd visit and still love it	Just returned from a fabulous 10 days at JBH. It really is a fantastic hotel. The only thing I would say is that the prices have rocketed since we first stayed there about 2.5 years ago. It's an expensive holiday - but you do feel spoilt rotten. For a family of 2 adults and a 12 year old kid we spent around £300 a day on food and drink and extras and we didn't overdo things. Bit of building work going on with Sinbads club but nothing that intruded, club still open. They have introduced Segways which were great fun. Did some new stuff this trip - visited the Acquarium in Atlantis - absolutely amazing. Tried to book the swimming with dolphins but was booked up until early November so if anybody wants to do this suggest you book before you go. Also did desert safari with sand boarding and dune bashing in 4 wheel drives, great fun, and went to the Jumani show at Al Sahra which was a really nice evening out.They are building out just past the 360 degree bar, we were told 100 private villas going up on a spur out into the sea so presumably will be some building here for a year or two, might detract from the glorious view of the marina.The best thing about JBH is you feel completely and utterly spoilt but it is not in the slightest bit stuffy, you can relax and not worry about anything. JBH has delivered the best family holidays we have ever had.The service at JBH is what makes it, it really is faultless.	
Oct 28 2008 	5 star is too low a rating	Stayed at many 5 star hotels (&amp;below!) and consider this hotel to be rated far too low.Service, hospitality, cleanliness, food, you name it this hotel excels.Going back again in November 2008.	
Oct 27 2008 	Superb!!!	Right, enough has already been said about this hotel, so I will not go through the whole thing again.I travel alot, and have stayed at many establishments all over the world.NOTHING compares to this place! The service, standards and everything else imaginable is spot on. I cannot fault it. I have always vowed never to return to the same place twice, I now stand corrected and will return - for sure!	
Oct 26 2008 	Absolutely 5 star!	My family and I just got back from 10 days at the Jumeira Beach Hotel and it was an experience I can't wait to repeat. Everything from our arrival to check out was superb. We booked our stay with Dubai Resorts which gave us the option to go half board which was great value and also to upgrade our room choice. We chose the premium leisure club which gave us access to dedicated lounges and the executive pool. I don't think I have ever stayed at a hotel with so many staff! Not only that they were unfailingly friendly,courteous and helpful. You never once got the impression that they were just doing their job. The views were spectacular with the Burgh Arab and its impressive nightly light show dominating. The beach was also pristine. If you are looking for a holiday to surpass all others then this is the place.	
Oct 20 2008 	Excellent	Just arrived back from JBH and was amazed at the level of service etc we received.Admittedly we stayed in a club executive room so were possibly a bit more spoilt but i think the level of service in general is very high.Would definitely reccomend this hotel and will probably be going back next year!!	
Oct 16 2008 	Fantastic pure luxury	This was our third stay at the Jumeirah Beach and we still love it as much as we did the first time. As a family we all agree that there are far too many places to see and we wouldn't normally return somewhere time and time again, but there is just something about the Jumeirah. We booked into the Jumeirah after spending a few days at the Atlantis - at the moment the two hotels are not comparable on their standards of service being offered to guests.Little things may be slipping at the Jumeirah, but not enough to spoil your stay. In the past we have always been greeted by our name as we arrived at the hotel, this time however it did not happen, but is this something I should even be mentioning, it is such a small thing. Once in reception, we were handed lovely, cool towels to cool ourselves down and freshen up. This is a simple but lovely touch.Check-in was quick and luggage was brought up to your rooms immediately. The rooms are spacious and there are so many added little touches. Every room in the Jumeirah has a lovely view. Turn down is on offer, bathrooms are cleaned once again and fresh towels are put out. A little chocolate is left every night on your bed, children get a little Milky Bar. We were in Dubai to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary and on our first night a bottle of chilled wine and chocolates were left in our room with a little card from all at the staff at the Jumeirah.There is a huge choice of restaurants at the Jumeirah and you also have the choice of all the restaurants at the Mina A' Salam, which is a short enjoyable boat and golf buggy ride away. Breakfasts are one thing that I feel has gone downhill. The choice of things available is still good but in past stays it was a far more enjoyable experience. The area where breakfasts are served, has been redone but it just feels so much smaller, and therefore it always feels too crowded.The pool area is lovely. The pool attendants are the most helpful of all the staff members. They will go out of their way to provide you with whatever you have asked for. Pool temperature is just perfect. Another little touch that is so welcome because of the heat, is the ice lollies that are handed out during the day. You are also offered to have a cool mist sprayed on you to cool you down.The beach is lovely. Sea temperature again is perfect. There are plenty off staff members in the beach area, so again you never want for anything, there is always someone around to see to your needs.Wild Wadi - my family loved it, in fact they actually enjoyed it far more than Aquaventure at the Atlantis. It was far less crowded and far more organised.There is a free shuttle bus service to the Mall of the Emirates. It is a huge shopping centre, and again there is quite a big choice of restaurants.Overall our stay at the Jumeirah was enjoyable, we loved it and wish we could have stayed longer. The staff are all very helpful and they do make you feel special. All the little extra touches make the Jumeirah a special hotel. It is definitely a holiday with a touch of luxury. Would we return again? We would love to.	
Oct 12 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	We have recently returned from a 10 night stay in Dubai at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel and can only say what a fantastic hotel! The staff were always very friendly and courteous and could not do enough for you. The whole experience was brilliant and we were more than happy with the Ocean View Deluxe room. We just loved the view. If we had booked a balcony, we would probably not have had such a great view and, to be honest, it would be too hot to sit out on a balcony. The room was cleaned more than once a day and the towels, bedding, bathmats etc were changed daily. Chocolates, fruit, water delivered FOC to the room each day. Turn-down service always on offer during the evening! We found all the little extras really special.We found the breakfast in Latitude excellent. Only spoiled by the ignorance of some who thought they were far too important to have to be seated and would wander around looking for a table munching on platefuls of food, while other people had more manners! The pools were great and our 8 year old spent most of his time in the pool, which were just the right temperature! The sea was really safe most days and unbelievably warm!It was actually quite nice to be there during Ramadan as it meant that we didn't have to suffer too much drunken behaviour around the pool during the day. Unfortunately, on our last day there, which was the day after Ramadan ended, there was a large group of Scousers who decided to get well and truly &quot;bladdered&quot; and showed themselves up for nothing more than loud, foul-mouthed drunks (embarrassing for the majority of British tourists). Couldn't quite understand why they would want to holiday somewhere where drinking (especially during Ramadan) would not be so easy during the day! Would definitely go back and miss it already!	
Oct 12 2008 	Expensive	We went to this hotel with 2 babies under 2, We arrived very late early morning no cots was in the rooms and at 4am our 2 babies just wanted to sleep. We went to Dubai with Emirates which if you are traveling with small children I would not advise they are very unhelpful on the flight. The childrens area at the hotel was due to open sept and they are soooo behind will be lucky if xmas so nothing for the kids to do apart from Wild Wadi and that is so busy. Be prepared if like us you are a family on a budget a pint of Carling is £8.00 and a bowl of chips around a fiver.The good thing is if your resisdents of the hotel your kids eat free. We went to the Mall on the free shuttle bus a few times and we found it excellent and cheap.Staff at the hotel are all polite but to me not really helpful, someone mentioned that they don't really speak to women and speak to the man I did'nt find this at all they all said madam first.I was unsure what to take you defo don't need towels, mouth wash, hair brush, hair dryer, sponge, suncream they give you everything they change your beds everyday and give you clean towels twice a day. The room I thought for the money quite basic no wow factor. Breakfast was ok it was busy but they seem to cater for for everyone you name it they have got it. Very strange to eat noodles at breakfast. I would advise that you change your money over there in the Mall you get nearly a extra pound also Taxis out there are next to nothing.Its hot and wonderful and was a holiday to remember but would not go back to that hotel very over rated.	
Oct 2 2008 	heaven	where to start ,this was our second year in a row at this hotel,we just love it,from the moment we stepped on the plane( we flew with emirates airline) until we came home it was a touch of heaven.this hotel is pure luxury,the staff are fabulous ( a few of them remembered us by name from last year,amaziing considering the amount of people who must pass through in a year ) the rooms are absolutely beautiful,and all are sea views,breakfast is nothing i had ever experienced before,a member of staff takes you round all the food stations on your first morning and explains anything you want to know about all the foods available.when going on the beach staff provide you with 2 lounger and 2 beach towels,take them for you and put them on the loungers,they are so helpful and friendly nothing is a bother for any of the staff.and then there's the free ice lollies you get about 4 times a day,they are lifesavers as its so warm on the beach.when you go in the water you'd think you were walking into a bath its so hot ( lovely ) i could go on and on and not know where to stop but suffice to say again its a wee touch of heaven, i hope we can return again sometime in the not too distant future.go and check it out for yourself you'll not be disappointed you'll be amazed.	
Oct 1 2008 	The Best!	An absolute wonderful experience. I stayed at the Jumeirah Hotel following a trip to Perth Australia. I can honestly say that this is the nicest hotel that I have ever stayed in, and to be honest I have stayed in quite a few. The staff were more than welcoming and made my stay most enjoyable - i would love to stay at the Jumeirah Hotel again - A MUST - for anyone travelling to Dubai.	
Oct 1 2008 	Exceeded expectations	Just arrived home from a truly luxurious experience. Everything that has been said about standards of service was our experience also. One of the Hotel's Customer Service Standards for staff was to smile and greet guests before the guest could get in first - our experience was that the staff delivered this with belief rather than it being a requirement,they couldn't be more helpful. The beach attendants worked tirelessly in the heat and nothing was too much to ask.We stayed for 7 nights in a balcony room and on arrival at 8.00am, luggage was stored and we were offered complimentary breakfast. Also available are locker facilities to change into swim wear until your room is ready (suggest this is keptin hand luggage for easy access) Despite being told that check in time was 3.00pm, our room was ready at 11.00am.Being on a beach holiday, I didn't take any 'closed' shoes, only sandals. This resulted in me being unable to dine in the hotel's restaurants where dress code was described as 'elegant' - nor could we visit the Burj. Whilst this was disappointing, we did have some really good evening meals - La Veranda (al fresco, views of the Burj, calzone pizza the size of a pillow!), Beachcombers (fixed price Thai/Malaysian buffet) and Zeng He (chinese in Madinat) were all memorable. Wine drinkers will pay extortionate prices by the bottle, even worse by the glass. Beer drinkers, about £5 per pint. Other reviewers have suggested taking wine with you either from UK or Duty Free at Dubai Airport on the way in - I agree, you'll save a packet!Towels for the beach are provided, you'll pay AED18 for large bottle of still water in ice bucket on the beach.Brilliant time and will definitely make a return visit - this time with shoes!To the newly-wed RAC man, hope your onward honeymoon trip to the Maldives was at least as good as JBH.	
Sep 30 2008 	Ab Fab	This is a fantastic hotel beautiful location, rooms pool .GO and enjoy.However- 1 point your travel agent may omitt .You can only check in from 2pm officially, we were not made aware of this and after an overnight flight we arrived at the hotel exhausted but excited and were made to wait for 2 and half hours for our room to be ready. Which was a bit of a pain when all you want to do is sleep. However the staff did seem to try to get the room ready ASAP and we were by no means the only people in this position	
Sep 30 2008 	Perfect!	I stayed for a week on my own in this wonderful hotel and was spoilt and pampered from the minute I stepped out of the taxi on arrival to getting back in another one heading for the airport.The staff are supremely efficient and friendly without any of the embarrasing grovelling that some hotels seems to suffer with. The location is perfect and my room had the most amazing view of the Burj Al Arab, which might be 'just' another hotel but is spectacular in its design and lovely at night time with the light effects on its canvas exterior.The food was amazing, offering every type of nationality for the buffet that made choosing the food the toughest decision of the whole day! It had a large choice of restaurants too, depending on your taste.A wonderful family pool, with more lifeguards than I've ever seen, was a great place for the kids and those wanting a quieter pool with swim up bar had theirs too. In addition, the lap pool catered for those wanting to do some serious swimming (a great place to settle for a peaceful session with a book too!) and then there's the beach....wow! You'll be taken to the lounger by the beach butler who'll carry your towels and 'make' your bed for you and take any drink orders. During a day by the beach, we were offered lollies to cool us down and even cucumber slices for our weary eyes!This hotel is part of a chain sharing the lovely white beach with two other hotels (one has a great shopping souk) and water park (free to hotel guests) and you can move between them by golf buggies. They'll also take you to the Burj for a look at the inside and have shuttle buses to the Emirates Mall (the one with the ski slope!) and the gold and silver souk. Everything is laid on to make your life as easy as possible.I did two trips with Arabian Adventures who have their office in the hotel, and I would recommend both. The dhow cruise at night along the creek with a very good buffet and the dune trip with supper in the desert.I really can't praise this hotel enough and compared to the huge Atlantis it has a friendly feel to it which is exactly what you need on a holiday!	
Sep 23 2008 	Already booked for next year!!!	I thought that I would surprise the Mrs with a birthday weekend away so Dubai looked like a good choice as we have hot had much of a summer.The hotel was recommended by the travel agent ( Jake @ Dial-a-flight) and he was spot on.It was a truly amazing experience. The staff were fantastic, friendly, fun and polite. They would go out of their way just to please you all the time and time again plus they always had a smile. We were never refused anything. There were even things off the restaurant menu which were not there and they went and made it! The room was brilliant too. There was loads of space and even a balcony so the view of the Burj was breath taking.Only minor complaint to be said would be the restaurants are not for the faint hearted. You certainly need deep pockets.From the moment we arrived to the moment we left eveything is so laid back, no stress or worries. On the whole I truly memerable trip an have already booked to go back next year! Thats a first as we never re-visit the same place twice!!!	
Sep 21 2008 	Fantastic	we stayed at the Jumeirah for 3 nights on our return after 2 weeks in mauritius where we got married, when we arrived at the hotel we were greated bags taken from us and made to feel special. I was a little worried about what clothes to wear but around the pool you can wear what you want. The breakfast is a bit like pontins, very busy and you have to take a ticket and wait to be seated!!!!!!! however you can use the beach breakfast and iv got to say far nicer The staff around the resort are very friendly. you can take the free bus to various shopping malls and soucks. also try the dessert safari that was brill.The only down side you have to be up at least 5am to get a bed by the pool, we ended up at the beach but it was to hot to stay long. the water park is good and managed to cool off on the slides, this is free to enter when staying at this hotel. We are going to go back next year and stay for a week as we did not manage to see it all, however we will be doing another twin resort as weeks here would be to much, its very busy and fast moving but after a week speaking to no one only the sand and sea it was a breath of freshair. In the rooms you get everything from earbuds to dry cleaning, its very modern and clean its well worth the money, if your not sure why not to a stay a few nights on your return from another destination. you'll be surprised, seeing is beliveing	
Sep 18 2008 	The Best Hotel Ever!!!	Having read a few of the negative reviews on this site for the Jumeirah Beach I was totally stunned as we have just returned from Dubai and I have to say our stay was fantastic!! The staff at the hotel could not do enough for us and were very friendly and helpful. We stayed in an Ocean View Room which was beautiful and had a perfect view of the Burj Al Arab.As it was our honeymoon they suprised us with chocolates, fruit and champagne when we returned from our evening meal. The restaurants were great and the food excellent, there is so much choice you won't be able to decide and if you want to visit the restaurants at the neighbouring hotels there is a buggy service so you don't have to walk (when its still 38 degrees at 8pm you'l appreciate this!!)The weather was beautiful, 42 most days which in all honesty was a little too warm, it would probably be wiser to visit in the cooler spring months. The beach was lovely and swimming around looking up at the Burj was amazing, the water is like a bath! The pool is also nice, the bar is on hand for drinks although these are a little expensive (£4 for a can of coke!) but then again Dubai isn't a budget destination and you don't mind too much when the hotel is this good.One thing I will say which was a slight negative was we arrived in the first week of Ramadan so everyone was fasting during the daytime. This means in the malls and other attractions outside the hotels your not allowed to eat (we only found this out after having bought food from a well known fast food restaurant in the Mall of Emirates and a polite security guard explained to us we couldn't actually eat it!) It wasn't a major problem and in the evenings the hotels put on special festivals which are worth the daytime inconvienience. The Water Park next door is great and is free to guests, opening an hour early for hotel residents to beat the rush for the good rides!All in all we loved our 4 days at Jumeriah (we were off to the Maldives after this) and we could have easily stayed longer, there would have been plenty to do. We cannot comment on other reviews on this site but we found this hotel top class and we're already planning to return for our 1st anniversary next year, definately staying at Jumeriah Beach.	
Sep 16 2008 	Fabulous	I had reservations about booking this hotel after reading several reports about it being over-run with children, I have children of my own who are very well behaved and didnt like the idea of it being extremely busy and kids everywhere! But we had the most amazing time and would go back and do it all again.We were there at the beginning of august for 5 nights and it was hot hot hot!!! Our room was a standard with balcony which had plenty of room for the 2 comfortable camp beds for our daughters to sleep on and the balcony gave me and my husband somewhere to sit and have quiet time late at night with a bottle of wine while looking at the excellent view of the Burj.We had booked for all day dining which for us was excellent, breakfast and dinner in Latitude restaurant was fantastic with an array of foods to suit any taste (even my fussy 9 year old). We also ate at Go West and La Veranda which were also excellent and lunch was generally taken by the pool.We used the hotel Buggy system to take us to various points including the Burj one evening for a meal in the Al Muntaha which was amazing!!Free access to Wild Wadi was great and being able to get in an hour earlier than paying guests was a bonus.We all thoroughly enjoyed our stay here and only wish we could have stayed longer.	
Sep 12 2008 	Expensive but great	This an expensive hotel (like everything else in Dubai). However the service and the facilties were great. The water park is attached which is free with the room. You have a great beach and pool. Lots of restatrants and you best of all you have access to the Burj Al Arab (7 star hotel where Tiger Woods hit golf balls off the roof)	
Sep 10 2008 	dubayan	This was our second stay at this hotel and just as good as the first, the standard of customer service is second to none.Breakfasts are excellent, a superb range to choose from and all well prepared and cooked.Our son and his friend enjoyed the Segway and Wild Wadi within the hotel grounds, we also visited the Burj Al Arab which is just accross the causeway, with complimentary golf buggy transportation.If you like skiing take a look ar Ski Dubai in the Emirates Mall, great fun.The beach is excellent, again the staff look after you in exemplorary fashion, my wife enjoyed the complimentary ice lollies when the going got hot and on our last day, after checking out we had full use of the hotel facilities until late in the evening.Really excellent value, we booked through British Airways and hired a car fron National Car Hire in advance.	
Sep 7 2008 	Fantastic honeymoon	We stayed at the Jumeriah Beach Hotel in August 2008 for 5 nights as the tail end of our honeymoon following a stay at the Conrad Maldives. After being pampered in the Maldives I was a little apprehensive about going to Dubai, especially after some reviews have stated that this hotel is not for honeymooners and we arrived after a blistful 10 days of peace. However we have now got the brochures out to return to the JBH again next year as we had such a fantastic time! We had booked a standard room but were upgraded upon arrival to a balcony room which I found great to catch some rays at the end of the day. the rooms were spacious and had every conceivable extra in them, I particulary loved the chocolates and elemis products they left on our pillows every night. The staff went out of there way to help and assist you, remembering us by name and even remembering what drinks we had from the previous day when we went to the bars. The staff did address my husband first but we found that amusing and accepted this was part of the local culture. I was conscious of the local dress code but around the hotel it seemed to be relaxed about what you could wear as long as you were not wearing beach wear in the lobby.The hotel had such a good selections of restaurants we never felt the need to go and eat elsewhere. We found the prices reasonable and the food was always of an excellent standard, especially the large buffet at breakfast. It was very hot as we expected (mid 40s in the day and 38 at night) but it was not unbearable, the ice lollies and cold towels by the pool helped, as did the amount of water left in your room and the access to the waterpark (which was excellent) - we spent most of the day cooling down on the rides! The only downside of the heat was you could not walk around which is something we like to do on holiday (the walk back from the Burj in the evening nearly killed us). The gym there was one of the best that I have been in and made a great start to the day.Being so close to the Burj we had to go and have cocktails, this was a great experience to see how opulent the hotel was and the views from the skybar were fantastic, if not a little hazy from the mist off the sea. This was not a cheap experience at around £100 for two cocktails each but worth doing. The Mall is also worth visiting but I did not think the prices were any cheaper that the UK.The JBH is not a quiet hotel but that is why we enjoyed it so much, after spending time on a desert island we were in need of some socialising and atmosphere. If you want a romantic hotel with no children this may not be the one for you but the hotel is of a very high standard and we found that the contrast with the Maldives was just what we needed.	
Sep 4 2008 	A wonderful first visit to Dubai	A first visit to Dubai for my husband and I and we weren't sure what to expect. It was wonderful and the Jumeirah Beach Hotel was the perfect choice, in terms of location which we felt couldn't be better, on a lovely stretch of beach overlooking the Burj; the room was excellent - very spacious, great views, lots of lovely touches; friendly and very helpful staff, and the restaurants and bars (including wonderful roof top bar) served some very good food and wine. We particularly enjoyed the beach bar/restaurant - fantastic hugh prawns. We also visited the Mina S'alam and golf buggies were provided to 'taxi' you along the little coastal roadway. We ate one evening at the Pier Chic restaurant (booking essential) which is out on a pier along from the Mina S'alam. Wonderful setting, outdoor tables, overlooking the lights of the Burj, and really exceptional food. The Jumeirah Beach is also convenient for the Emirates Mall and other shopping malls (if you can pull yourself away from the beach and hotel faciltiies). We will definitely return to Dubai and I would most definitely choose the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, or the neighbouring Mina S'alam (in the same group I believe).	
Sep 3 2008 	Wow What A Holiday	We have just returned from a fabulous 10 days in this Wonderful Hotel. We booked a Premium Leisure Room which meant we had a free transfer from and to the Airport and what a service. We were met as we left the plane and they wisked us through Passport Control helped us reclaim our bags and then straight out to a fabulous air conditioned Audi which wisked us to our hotel. As it was 1am when we arrived they actually checked us in, in the car so on arrival the doors were opened by the door men and we were greeted and wisked upstairs to our room. What a room so much room for the three of us, with a uninterrupted view of the Burj and overlooking Wild Wadi.We had fabulous breakfasts in the Beachcomber and Latitude, everything you can think of is provided, and the staff so attentive. We tried various restaurants, Le Veranda (Pizza) you can order a Pizza and take it back to your room or sit outside and listen to the sea (but as it was so hot while there this was a bit sticky!!!!) Douw and Anchor (english food and Beer) excellent, Go West (American/Mexican) good food and the entertainment was excellent. Toscana (Italian) at Madinet Hotel was super. The only complaint was the Chinese at Madinet Hotel very expensive for very little food. We had acess to the Executive Pool and again the staff could not do enough for you, finding a bed laying out the towels bringing you regular Ice Lolllies, spraying you with water to cool you down which was much appreciated, cold face clothes, ice buckets for water, mind you we spent most of our time sitting in the pool reading or just enjoying the cool water. Again we tried some lunch which was brought to your sun bed and this was good.The Swim up bar was manned by some lovely lads who again could not do enough for you. We did manage to walk to the sea once but were glad to return to the pool as it was like bath water too warm!!!!We enjoyed using the Premium Leisure lounge in the evening 2 Hours when you can eat Canapes and drink anything you wish, including Champers. Missed this since getting Home!!!!!! This was our first visit to Dubai but we will definately be going back and to the same hotel. You just cant believe the service, hospitality, staff, surroundings, food and drink. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Aug 29 2008 	Great start to our honeymoon!!	We immediately had the &quot;wow&quot; factor when we pulled up to the hotel..it then got better as we were told we had been upgraded to an executive room (although I don't think any of the rooms would be a disappointment)..the views are absolutely amazing and everything about the hotel oozed quality but, in my opinion, without going over the top (unlike the Burj over the road - which has to be seen to be believed)..little touches like free breakfast in bed and champagne, a cake and a card left in the room one evening just added to the experience..the only downsides were that we couldn't have a late checkout (guess that's what happens in popular hotels) and the heat outside (not really the hotel's fault but would be great to come in the &quot;winter&quot; and sit outside in the evening).	
Aug 28 2008 	Honeymoon but didnt quite meet expectations	We went to Jumeirah Beach as part of our twin centre Honeymoon along with the Hilton Rangali Island Maldives (now Conrad). We stayed here for 4 nights and have to say after the Maldives it did feel a bit disapointing at first. However, by the 2nd day I did feel that I had adjusted to it and emjoyed the rest of the time there and now would not hesitate to go back.A few things to mention on Dubai itself and the male staff at the hotel. They will only talk to the men, they said good morning to my Husband everyday - &quot;Morning Sir&quot; but not even acknowledging my presence. It would also take me a lot longer to be served than when my Husband would ask for anything. I do think that this is just part of their culture, but it was a bit of a shock after the Maldives where they cannot do enough for you.The beach service was fantastic, ice lollies, water spray, putting your towels on the sunbeds for you. This was all 5 star service.The drinks are very expensive in Dubai due to their alcohol laws, so you will need plenty of spending money.Our room was wonderful and the views was outstanding. The room service was also very good and reasonbly priced.The shuttle bus service to The Mall of the Emirates was very good and the shopping there was just as good as in London or Bluewater.The water at Jumeirah beach is the best I have ever been in, the water is so warm it was out of this world and I needed to sit on the edge of the water as it got so hot (45 degrees).The photgraphers were a really good touch, to get some nice shots of you together and were not too expensive.All in all I would say that this is a wonderful hotel for a once in a lifetime holiday but did not have the X factor for a honeymoon feel for me, but I do have very high expectations.Happy Holidays x	
Aug 26 2008 	Beach perfect	The perfect beach hotel in Dubai. Great outdoor facilities, good food and party venues. Large rooms, but a litle bit dated.Superb service, especially at the club rooms. Great location near the Wild Wadi, Burj al Arab, Emirates Golf Club and Mall of the Emirates.	
Aug 26 2008 	beautiful hotel but not sure about the service	This is a beautiful property. Great location and views too. But it is big and busy, not the place to expect the personal touch. The entire hotel is in pristine condition. No signs of wear anywhere, and the hotel is what 10-15 years old? Credit to them for a job well done for maintenance and housekeeping.Breakfast buffet is top grade. Everything top quality and they have different foods to keep anyone happy regardless of nationality /religion / tastes. I have not seen a better breakfast buffet anywhere.Only area we found the hotel lacking is in the service. It is a large hotel, so many guests and so many staff it comes across as impersonal sometimes. We stayed in Executive Suite, no one bothered to advise us the benefits that came with the higher class of room. Did not learn about the Executive Lounge until we checked out, on the top floor with great views and refreshments, we regretted that we did not know of this earlier so we could have made use of it . Upon check out the girl at the counter advised that Airport transfer was included in our room charge, we could arrange the limousine with the concierge. Walked 3m to the concierge, he advises that our room does not have this service unless we pay extra. Back to the front desk, the girl we talked to earlier has been replaced by another staff member, so we have to explain it all over again. Eventually we got the car at no extra charge, but this type of misunderstanding between the staff should not occur.	
Aug 26 2008 	Loved it great service	We stayed here for a week with our 16 and 20 year olds. The hotel is lovely with exceptional service. We arrived very early after electing to have a hotel transfer. As we expected our rooms weren't ready as we had requested adjoining rooms. We left our bags in their storage area and we were taken to their breakfast room for a very lovely continental breakfast. Our understanding was that this complimentary service is available once during your stay and maybe a better idea would have been to elect to have your buffet breakfast instead on arrival and opt for the complimentary on the day you leave if you have an early departure. You want to make the most of the lovely buffet breakfasts!!! We were given a phone so we could be contacted when the rooms were available so we headed off to Wild Wadi next door until we were buzzed. Our rooms were standard rooms without balconies - not that we would have used them. The rooms were very large and lovely. No tea and coffee facilites but on request they brought up a kettle etc.We found all the staff friendly and helpful. Housekeeping even had jackets to lend us for our dinner at the Burj! The location is brilliant for the kids to come and go to the Mall of the Emirates by shuttle or Wild Wadi which is right next door and accessible through it's own entrance. We enjoyed the facilities and the golf buggies to Burj and Madinat shops and bars were fantastic. The hotel has a shuttle service out to their hotel Bab Al Shams in the desert about an hour away so we went there for a fabulous exotic dining experience at Al Hadheerah restaurant. The experience was made special a very high standard of service, a range of lovely restaurants and a spectacular location.	
Aug 20 2008 	The best hotel i have ever stayed in	This hotel was amazing! It is the best hotel i have ever stayed in. The room was amazing, the veiw of the marina and the Burj Al Arab was breath taking to say the least! The beds were nice, the room had lots of space and bath room was stunning. There are plenty of restaurants, with all types of food to pick from. The Latitude restaurant does the best buffet breakfast in the world! The beach is stunning, and the swimming pools were very nice aswell. A visit to Wild Wadi park is a must. All i can say is book this hotel if visiting Dubai!	
Aug 19 2008 	Absolutely Fantastic!!!	What can i say? Just returned from a weeks stay at the Jumeriah Beach and couldnt have had a better time. It exceeded my expectations by far and wouldnt hesitate to return!Hotel: The hotel itself is amazing, undescribable. From checking-in to leaving, everything was perfect. Staff were very attentive, couldnt do more for you and always very friendly and said hello at all possible moments. Nobody ignored you! Pools were fantastic, plenty of sunloungers although the beach was just as brilliant and not as crowded. They show you to your sunlounger, put your towel out, offer you cold towels and ice lollys to cool you down throughout your duration on the beach. Room: Again, fantastic. Plenty of room, we were in an ocean deluxe view and couldnt fault it. Beds were the comfiest i have ever known. Bath was brilliant and the shower. All very clean, and nicely decorated. Room was made up every day and turn down service every night, little touches like the chocolates on your pillow before bed. Room service was very good as well. Also a fantastic view of t Burj!Food: Breakfast was an experience in itself. What a choice! Fussy eaters, no problem there will be something for you to eat! It was very nice and lots of choice. Tip: Get to breakfast before 9am or you may have to wait!! We dined in La Varanda, very nice for pizza and pasta, nice for snacks at lunch as well. Go West which is American/Tex Mex, again this was very nice we ate here twice, lots on the menu. Palm Court was my favourite, very relaxed for a snack and cocktails and afternoon tea. Basically it was all excellent.Overall i cannot fault anything. It was an amazing hotel, staff were fantastic, i wouldnt stay anywhere else!!	
Aug 18 2008 	Hmmmm	Been twice, 10 years apart. First just before Burj opened in November time and again ay New Year 2007/8. Awesome initially and nothing too bad but sort out lots of niggles and it could be amazing. Pool attendants exceptionally vigilant - really safe. Guys watching empty pools til 10 at night. Food 2/5. Only place I found any good was the German restaurant - both visits. Kids club pretty poor at engaging with the kids though my boy was happy playing footy on the 'putting' green ( 4&quot; grass!) all afternoon. Really not enough space for the qty guests especially at peak times. BEWARE the compulsory NY dinner - cost me £800 for 2+2 - 5yo kids for goodness sake. Crap entertainment no name cover band &amp; DJ &amp; buffet. Yes unlimited free drink but tough if you're TT - which I'm not but hey 2x 5yo. Sat at table of russkies that turned up at 11:30 and played with their mobiles all dinner. They spring the black tie 'requirement' on you once you get there - sod that - russkies in jeans! Breakfast is queued &amp; bedlam unless you get there early. ON the plus side rooms are plenty big enough for 2 kid beds. First visit was great - formula 1 power boats &amp; all.	
Aug 18 2008 	Great place	I guess staying in Dubai in July is not the most sensible thing to do. I was just hot hot hot. But Jumeirah Beach Hotel is a wonderful place to spend your time in Dubai. A stone throw away from the sea, which was warm as well (must have been 30 degrees Celcius). Breakfast and dinner at the hotel is great, whichever restaurant you choose (and there are many in the hotel). Staff is extremely friendly and helpful.	
Aug 10 2008 	Great hotel	We have stayed here twice. We firstly stayed in 2006 and liked it so much that we booked again for the next year. The service at the hotel is out of this world - nothing is too much trouble. The second time we upgraded to 'club executive' and it was well worth the extra money. You get private transfers from the airport, private check in desk and private pool. You also get access to the executive lounge, where they serve all day refreshments (non alcoholic) and afternoon tea. You also benefit from free cocktails in the evening for approx 2 hours. You have laptops available in the lounge and a great view of the burj.	
Aug 5 2008 	Fantastic for a family with young kids	We stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel during July 2008 and had a wonderful time. We have a 3 year old and 1 year old who we couldn't keep out of the swimming pools. They loved it and more importantly they were treated so well by all of the staff. We didn't feel terrible about bringing such young children into a 5 star hotel! We stayed for four nights and they gave us a BeachComber Suite which is located on the ground floor. We had only booked a basic bed/breakfast so we think this might have been an upgrade? The room was absolutely enormous, and in addition to the King bed in the room, we had a rollaway and a travel cot and still had so much room! The breakfasts were great. We had a buffet every morning and the kids ate for free. We also dined in one of the restaurants and it catered for children with their own kids buffet! Our daughter loved it because she ate her dinner then was entertained by playstation and videos while we ate! Because we were there during the sweltering heat, we couldn't fault the hotel in keeping us cool and hydrated. The kept on giving us copious amounts of bottled water, staff came around to the pools with lemonade ice blocks, chilled towels for your neck, and cold water spray for your body! We couldn't fault the hotel staff. They were more than attentive to us and our children. The hotel also had shuttle buses to the Mall of the Emirates, Madinat Jumeirah and the Burj al Arab which were very handy as we didn't really want to get too many taxis as we didn't have carseats with us. A fantastic stay even in the 40 degree temps!!	
Aug 2 2008 	Fabulous hotel	We stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel with our two children aged 5 and 8 for 10 days in July. We had a Premium Leisure room on the first floor which was huge and extremely comfortable. As per previous reviews we were provided with elemis products, towel animals and gifts &amp; chocolates. On our first night we received a complimentary bottle of champagne for our wedding anniversary. No need to pack towels, beach bag or travel plug.The Premium Leisure option worked well for us allowing us access to the wonderful executive pool, afternoon tea &amp; pre-dinner drinks (mainly champagne!) and canopies in the Premium Leisure Lounge.The service throughout the hotel was exceptional without being intrusive. We had breakfast at the Premium Leisure Lounge and Beachcombers but much preferred the extensive choice at Latitude. Lunch was generally poolside and for dinner we ate at Go West, La Veranda, Beachcombers and Latitude ... all recommended and extremely good value. The most expensive meal we had was approx £78 at Latitude.Didn't rate the kids club which was temporarily relocated to the Pavillion Sports Club. This didn't really effect us as our children much preferred to be in the pool or at the Wild Wadi.We made full use of the hotel's shuttle service visiting the Mall of Emirates, Souk Madinat and the Burj. We also used the Dubai Big Bus Tour which gives you a ticket valid for 48 hours to explore the beach area and the city. Only complaint here was that the bus only operated between 9am and 5pm to it was tight to fit in everything we wanted to see and had to sacrifice the hour long dhow cruise included in the ticket price. All in all this was an amazing holiday with five star service all the way. This hotel is ideally located and perfectly suited for families. Again I will recommend the Premuim Leisure option, Latitude for food, and the beach side massage. So sad to be home with the rain after temperatures of 99 to 108 degrees!GO TO JUMEIRAH BEACH ... YOU'LL LOVE IT	
Jul 25 2008 	Amazing	At last after years of trying to find the ideal beach holiday, have found it, will recommend to everyone I knowJust returned from 8 nights at JBH with wife and two sons, 7 and 3and had the best timeService incredible, food fantastic, polite, clean, efficent , babysitters great, restaraunts varied, choice, entertainment, Suite on 22nd floor was huge, about 1500 sq feetExecutive pool area with swim up bar was brilliantIf there is ever a negative comment on this hotel, then I will be very surprised and confused. Our first visit to Dubai, and I have since booked for Dubai Rugby 7's and to return at New year with friends and familyMust dash, but I cant wait to get back to JMHBe careful going in July as one day it was 53 degrees, good colour though	
Jul 24 2008 	Exceptional Family Hotel	The last five reviews and many more just say it all, exceptional family hotel. Booked 2 premium leisure rooms for ourselves and children for the end of our family holiday to Malaysia, stayed 5 nights. Arrived at 5am and were lucky to be given 1 room straight away, enough room for us all to sleep in. I could go on and on about the benefits of the hotel and premium leisure but I won't, although I would like to add that all the staff were a delight - especially Ranny in the premium leisure lounge and the 2 gentlemen who serviced our rooms, - thank you.	
Jul 24 2008 	luxurious well served defined... simply perfect.	The words 'Jumeirah Resorts' should be redefined in the dictionary as 'luxurious, well served, defined, simply perfect'... My friends and I arrived at the Jumeirah Beach Resort in the early evening where we were welcomed by a small army of service staff. We were taken to our suite where we stepped onto the balcony to see the breathtaking sight of the new iconic symbol of the Middle East... the wonderful 'Burj al Arab' hotel. Lit up by night, this sail shaped hotel, sitting on its own man-made island became a focal point of our vacation.The next morning we stood in-line for a 5 star buffet style breakfast which offered just about everything for every nationality. We then headed for the hotels private beach area where we were welcomed by beach attendants who took us down to our selected loungers. They brought us fresh towels, ice bucket with water and cold face towels to cool off. Some may think that we were mad to visit Dubai in the Summer, but a cool breeze blowing in from the Arabian Gulf kept us cool. The warm waters of the Gulf were 32oC so we swam in the hotels pool to refresh ourselves.The Jumeirah Beach Resort pool was too busy and the pool bar attracted too many unsavoury smokers so we decided to leave for another neighbouring and much larger pool which belonged to the neighbouring 'Mina A Salam' Hotel. All interconnected by complementary golf buggy type cars, all Jumeirah guests can use the facilities of each others hotels (4 in total) and even charge drinks and food to their room. Another big plus to staying at the Jumeirah Beach Resort was entrance to the neighbouring 'Wild Wadi' water park was included... great for all ages.Our stay at the 'Jumeirah Beach Resort' was very relaxing. The resort's restaurants, bars and room service was very well served. We left feeling recharged and knowing that it wasn't goodbye but rather... we'll be back.	
Jul 18 2008 	Superb Resort!!!	We stayed at this resort for 5 nights on route to Thailand.Pick up from Dubai airport is an experience in itself. Our representative was waiting for us straight off the air terminal connected to the plane. We handed him our passports and he took us swiftly through passport control and collected all our baggage for us. He introduced us to our driver who then handed us fresh towels and refreshments for the short 30min drive to the hotel. We were instantly upgraded when we booked to a club executive room, which entitles you to use the private pool, private bar areas and free afternoon tea buffet in the beach combos. The staff cannot do enough to assist you and are always on hand to help. Around the pool we were regularly greeted by staff who offered free refreshments, cooling spray and sun cream which was a nice touch. If you have use of the private pool, be on the lookout for a few celebs! We spotted Fernando Torres, Steven Hendry and Rodger Federer during our stay.I would say overall the resort is great value for money and considering we were upgraded we found ourselves almost on a half board basis free of charge. The rooms are very spacious and well styled to a very high standard. If you get chance the indoor ski slope at the emirates mall is well worth a trip. The hotel offers a free shuttle service to all the main shopping malls in the local area.We will definitely go back to Dubai in the near future, however, even though we couldn’t fault the Jumeirah Beach Hotel we would like to try other resorts in the area purely to vary our experience.	
Jul 14 2008 	JBH Just Wonderful !	My husband, 13 year old daughter and I have just returned from 7 days at the world famous Jumeirah beach hotel. We had heard a lot about this hotel from various friends over the years and had our own expectations but these were truly surpassed when we arrived. We opted for the premium leisure package which offers a few extra &quot; perks&quot; which we thought were worth the extra cost. We were collected personally immediately on arrival and taken to the baggage reclaim where our passports were taken and we were whisked through the fast track immigration at the airport. A luxury Audi greeted us complete with cold towels, a huge relief given the extreme humidity outside. We arrived at the hotel which was all lit up like something out of a picture book. We were taken to the Premium leisure guest entrance and met with more cold towels and a drink of juice to cool us down. we were taken personally to our room ( huge, luxurious with every possible amenity ) and told all about the hotel and our luggage was already waiting in our room. When we opened the curtains in the morning there was a fabulous view complete with the Burj Al Arabe which was almost within touching distance. The staff could not do more for you and were always polite, friendly and helpful no matter when you encountered them. We chose a caribbean cruise last year and I thought that was pure luxury but our stay at the JBH surpassed the cruise and I never thought that anything could come close. We will definitely travel again to the JBH which had all the amenities we could want, pools, wild wadi water park, excellent food and restaurants, buggies to shuttle you around the Jumeirah Madinat complex and complimentary shuttle buses to the Mall of the Emirates shopping Mall. I cannot compliment this hotel enough and even the shock of the soaring temperatures and high humidity during July could not put me off going back there again. Many of the other guests we spoke to had been many times to the JBH and that is testament to the quality of this hotel.	
Jul 13 2008 	Wow wow 	What a fantastic hotel &amp; experience.Stayed 20th-27th june.Arrived at hotel 8am, (check not till 2pm) you are greeted with an orange juice. The hotel give's early arrivals use of one of the restaurants where complementary continental breakfast is laid on. You can also use changing facilities &amp; use pools etc.After a long day, really wanted to get into room, it was not ready till 2.20pm so we were given a complementary meal voucher for the trouble which was a nice touch.We went to a different restaurant within the hotel every night (bar one) and they were all great.The rooms are great, we had ocean view room (they all ocean view) large, clean great view's fantastic bathrooms.Pools all good (5 pools use of 3 with standard booking) with great service. Guys come round 3 times a day giving out ice lolly's &amp; another guy comes round spraying you with ice cold water on sunbeds. Food &amp; drink brought to your sunbeds if you require, bottles of water in ice buckets a nice touch. If you eat round pool it can be a little pricey (the fantastic breakfast saw us through to dinner) we had plate of chips once &amp; was £6.Choice of two restaurants for breakfast one in hotel one outside, we used the restaurant outside, great service great food great choice.Jumeirah beach residents get free access to wild wadi (£25 entry otherwise) we went once, it was ok but if id paid to get in i think i would have been dissapointed, the rides we went on were good but didnt think there was much choice compared to say florida water parks.We had a look in the burj which was opulant to say the least. Again residents of the jumeriah get in for free (i think there is a charge otherwise) You have to book a time slot with the jumeriah concierge or if you go after 11pm you can go without a booking.There is a dive centre on site, went for one dive. Was nice to do but compared to other countries was not the best but i enjoed it.Went on a dune buggy excursion into dessert, was very good &amp; done very professionaly.We have been to some top hotels round the world, the jumeriah is right up there with them. The staff treat you like royalty.I would recommend to anyone &amp; will be going back.	
Jul 10 2008 	The best hotel	ABsolutely 100% recomment this hotel. Everything about it is fantastic...the rooms, the views, the staff, the service, the choice of bars and restaurants, the facilities, the location...need i go on...We paid a little extra to go for the the Club Executive room and i highly recommend this, its definately worth it. Free breakfast with huge selection in a number of different restaurants, free tea/coffee/juices all day in the executive lounge which is on the 24th floor and has stunning views and beautiful decor not to mention such helpful staff. Plus you get to go up to that floor to check in and are made to feel like a &quot;VIP&quot; the minute you go in. There is also free afternoon tea from 3pm-5pm with happy hour from 5pm-7pm i.e.free alcoholic drinks during this time...cocktail and chamagne galore...oh did i mention the canapes...to die for!! Then you can move onto a more relaxed bar downstairs with pool table for an additional 1hour of free drinks. After that there is free selection of cheeses and coffee. You also get to use the club executive pool and are transported about in a buggy...although its not far to walk. At the pool you are given free ice lollies all day, free water spray, lovely cold towels, ice buckets and little iced fruit shots to drink. Staff, service and pool attendants are fab. There are 7 lifeguards around this 1 pool. The pool is right on the beach and has stunning views of the burj Al Arab. I honestly cannot speak highly enough about this fab hotel. I will go back and certainly recommend it to people. WOrth the extra money.	
Jul 3 2008 	!Deluxe Dubai!	Well well well....where do i start?? We had read previous reviews on here and were quite impressed with what we read. We arrived at Dubai intenational airport (which is lovely) and was greeted by the Company we booked with where a private car awaited. The driver then took us to the resort which we were just overwhelmed to see, the hotel is simply stunning and having being night time was all lit up. We were greeted by hotel staff who offered orange staff and cold towels while our luggage was being taken care of. We were shown around our room by one of the staff and the luggage was brought up to us. Our room was out of this world and had a clear view of the Burj. The only problem here is we asked for a double bed but had two singles pushed together which some nights had a small gap in the middle but extremely soft! The choice for breakfast was fantastic, everything and anything. There are plenty of resturants in the hotel but be careful of dress codes for the night we first arrived we met a couple who were turned away from one for wearing shorts. As for things to do in the day you coudln't go wrong, in the 6 days we were there we managed to fit in Scuba Diving, Speedboat around the palm, City Tour, Desert Safari, Wild Wadi, Trip to the Burj and two trips to mall of the Emirates all of which can be booked from the Hotel. The free entry to Wild Wadi is very convienient and the buggy's take you anywhere you wish to go down the Jumeirah strip. The shuttle bus to the Mall is also very useful and is free and theres also a bus that takes you on trips to the Burj for no extra charge but be careful of dress code here. There was fresh fruit every day along with a newspaper and newsletter and they tidy your room twice a day, the second time to close your curtains and get your slippers ready!!! ooo and chocolates on your bed! You had the option to go on a segway at a charge which my boyfriend absolutly loved. At the pool they handed out ice lollies and sprayed you with cold water. The pool bar is great too. This place is just fantastic and will recommend it to all ages. We are planning on returning to the same hotel next year. Can't wait!	
Jul 3 2008 	WHOA!!!	We arrived at 2am and there were a lot of people in around. This hotel has a large number of workers to cater to you.The rooms were amazing. HUGE and very comfortable. The bathroom was HUGE. The view of the Burj al Arab is amazing!We never ate at the hotel so cannot comment on the restaurants, however there is a daily fruit basket delivered to your room. We LOVE fruits so pigged out. We asked for more and they said it would be brought up but it never came.. That is my only complaint..Well, the pool water is a little warm, but considering it's 50 F outside, I can imagine how difficult it would be to keep the temp down... The water in the gulf is even warmer. Yuk.. It was hard to cool off... There are even hot tubs!?! Weirder: People USED THEM! lolThere were workers ready as soon as you get to the pool to lay out your HUGE beach towels on your chair. They also came around with water, spray and pineapple flavoured popsicles.The staff was friendlySecurity is high here (everytime you went somewhere they ask you your name and room number)Tips: FREE access to Wild Wadi Water Park which is attached and Free accress to the Burj al Arab during specified hours.	
Jun 28 2008 	Awesome	Best Hotel Ive ever stayed at and ive stayed in a few hotels throughout the world. I could talk all day about it but to save space and energy just go if your thinking of going.Facilites and people couldnt be better and you wont regret going. Total 5* and somewhere you will love if you like luxury, highly recommended	
Jun 26 2008 	Loved this Hotel	My Husband and I spent 11 days in the Jumeirah Beach in June. Having read many reviews prior to our trip I was unsure of what to expect. We arrived at the Hotel at about 9.20am having taken an overnight flight. Obviously very tired and hot when we arrived we were met in reception by a very friendly girl who gave us fresh orange juice and cold face cloths, which we accepted gladly. Our check in was very efficient and because we were early our room was not ready. We were escorted to the breakfast room for a complimentary breakfast and given a mobile phone to be contacted when our room was ready for us.Our room was on the 5th floor (525) with fantastic views of the pool area, beach and the Burj. The room was extremely spacious, very clean and had a great bathroom. Our room was cleaned everyday (fresh bed linen and towels daily) and the the turn down service in the evening is a nice touch. Overall we found the hotel to be excellent. The breakfast was superb. We ate mostly in Latitude and the choice is amazing. The omlettes are really good. If you are watching the calories stay away from the pastry counter with it's huge choice of goodies !! We found the staff to be courtious and helpful at all times. Regardless of how busy they were if you had a query it was handled efficiently and professionally. There is a great choice of restaurants in the hotel. The Argentian restaurant on the 25th floor is a must if you like your steaks. We had a superb meal and as it was my birthday they surprised me with a cake and a red rose and sang happy birthday to me in Spanish and English. It was just lovely. There is a wonderful Chinese restaurant in the next hotel (the Mina Salam). Food is wonderful and lovely surroundings. The Meat Co also have a restaurant there and we had eaten in this restaurant in South Africa. We were not impressed with the branch in Dubai as we found the service was not up to the standard we had come to expect and the price was over the top for what we got. There are lots of trips that can be booked but if you only want to do one, the Desert Safari in the 4x4 Jeeps is the one to choose. Very exciting racing over the dunes and then having a BBQ in the desert at night. Well worth it. The best shopping Mall for choice and value is Deira City Mall. Cheaper than Emerates by far. Overall I could not find fault with The Jumeirah Beach. The level of customer service is fantastic, staff are superbly efficient and friendly and it is a great place to stay. From the staff that meet and greet at the door to the pool and beach staff they are all totally professional and friendly above and beyond the call of duty. If I was to find any fault it would be with the some of the guests who like to think they have money and feel they can be rude to staff just because they are a paying guest. It is a shame that money can breed arrogance and bad manners. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anybody looking for a relaxing pool/beach holiday in comfortable and luxurious surroundings. We will be back. PS The Burj is totally over rated !!!	
Jun 24 2008 	Loved the JBH	This was our first time in Dubai and we stayed by the JBH upon the recommendation of the travel agent based on the fact that there was a lot of construction work going on at the other end of the beach. We were not disappointed. Bathroom was wonderful and complete with all the goodies that you need - body lotion, bath gel, shampoo, conditioner, sun tan lotion, lip salve, tissues etc etc. Shower was a 2-3 person size (not that I shared it).Bedroom was spacious and overlooked the sea. Plenty of wardrobe space and a safe. Hairdryer in dressing table and flat screen TV from which you could access your personal account. Bottled water plentiful for which you are not charged. Various restaurants throughout the hotel. We ate at most of them and had no cause for complaint. Had a steak at La Parilla (the dearest steak we've ever had at approx £32 each), but worth every penny. Absolutely fabulous, complete with 2 chips and a little dish of sauce of some description. Mmmm yummy!!The only downside that we encountered was that we asked for a quiet room and mid height. The odd numbered rooms are to one side of the hotel and the evens to the other. We were allocated room 333 which was low and almost overlooking the Wild Wadi. When we suggested mid height I would have assumed that we would have been given 12th floor. I suppose that the management would have moved us if we'd have requested it but after 13 hours travelling we were shattered. Then once you've unpacked it's hassle to re-pack and not my favourite job anyway. Thursday nights are late Wild Wadi nights and the noise went on past midnight which was unacceptable. This was not the only night that we heard noise from the park. It was annoying when we were trying to get an early night, but overall the hotel was brilliant. Staff were so helpful and attentive. Poolside staff wandered round with lollies and cold sprays. Food was lovely and the position of the hotel was excellent.Free shuttle bus to the Mall of the Emirates and the Gold and Diamond Park.We'll definitely be going back to Dubai. Absolutely loved it.	
Jun 18 2008 	Great Hotel still................	Just returned from an 8 night stay at the JBH - our third time in this hotel in the last 4 years.We stayed Club Executive and I would recommend anyone to do the same. Use of the executive pool is great as it is much quieter than the standard pool. Also the Club 8 bar and Club Exec room are excellent. We went to the Club 8 bar from 6 till 8 every evening for pre dinner drinks and canapes (sushi etc) and was very impressed with the level of service and the quality of the 'free' beverages during this time. I was drinking MOET for free for a couple of hours which is exellent considering this would normally cost about £16 a glass.Rooms were clean and spacious (14th floor) and all staff we encountered were very polite and keen to help (if needed). We ate outside the hotel on quite a few occassions but when we did eat in the hotel the standards were still very high.Great stay again and would still go back.........And remember...........NO CONSTRUCTION at this hotel/area!!We went to One and Only, Westin etc, and yes they are very nice (as are most hotels in Dubai) but come on!!! Even in the evening you can hear the rumblings of machinery - not my idea of a good holiday!	
Jun 15 2008 	Big Group Hotel	The Jumeirah Beach Hotel is a big hotel for for high volume tourist groups...The colour scheme they chose is not my proffered style but a probably a good choice choice for families on a budget who still want a big choice of facilities.Staff were still friendly and rooms were comfortable.	
Jun 12 2008 	Just perfect	We stayed at this hotel for 7 days. Everything was just perfect, from the moment of the aiport pickup by a wonderful Audi A8L until the departure. Service is amazing. They really try to fullfil all of guest wishes. I would recomend this hotel to anyone who wants a wonderful stay. We will go there again, that's for sure.	
Jun 10 2008	Fabulous holiday -	I have just returned from this hotel after a short break with my husband and 7yr old son.We had a great time - arrived at 10am and room was ready by midday - not bad considering that the hotel was completely full.The room was large and spacious with plenty of extras, robe slippers, all toiletries, mouthwash, cotton pads and buds, suntan lotion, body lotion etc etcproper size hairdryer at the dressing table which was fab - not one of those useless things in the bathroom that burn your hand within a few minutes but dont seem to dry your hair!we found the service at the hotel very good - you get what you pay for. However we felt the food &amp; drinks to be very overpriced - for example the lunchtime special at the veranda, was lobster tail salad &amp; chips for a bargain £80! A beer was £5.I would suggest buying some alcohol, if you wish to consume during your stay, at the airport before flying - you cannot purchase alcohol other than at hotels/restaurants.My husband &amp; I had a couple of meals in the hotel and took a taxi to the mall of the emirates (cost £2) where there was a huge choice of different foods for about £5/6 a head.There is also an amusement/arcade area called Magic Planet that has really cheap games machines and some fab simulators - we spent two hours here and only spent £15 The one thing that I would point out ( dont mean to sound snobby here - but probably will!) is that you do pay a decent price to stay in this hotel but dont expect the people around you to have any class at all - we had people effing &amp; blinding around the kids pool, obscenities written on their t-shirts and absolutely no manners at all - people getting up at 6/7am to put their towels out - at times it was like watching benidorm !! There were over 50 nationalities staying at this hotel and the brits were an embarrasment It obviously is very hot but everywhere is air conditioned and I thought there were plenty of parasols around for shade. The beach butlers bring around ice cold lollies 2/3 times a day and provide freezing cold water sprays to cool you down if required.Very attentive staff who dont expect tips - but appreciate them.Access to wild wadi is free and we went every day - a perfect place for the kids and to help keep you cool - avoid going on fridays &amp; saturdays as this is the locals weekend and it was jam packed. wild wadi opens an hour earlier exclusively for jumeirah guests - you can go on all rides before the public even get in - GREATI think that if you are the sort of person to moan and groan you can find an issue at any hotel in the world - but I do think that the staff here would ensure that any issues are dealt with immediately - I'm not easy to please at the best of times but couldnt fault the rooms or service We had a fantastic time, would highly recommend and would definitely return .	
Jun 8 2008 	good holiday	Having booked with Silverjet we were just happy to arrive here after a 3 hour delay but was not happy suite not ready at 2.00pm as agreed. Called at 3.30pm to room which you could tell had been cleaned in a hurry, a pot of pills left in our childs room and bits and pieces throughout on the floor. Great views from 18th floor and away from noise experienced by previous review, executive pool good but obviously busy in half term.Happy hour in the premium leisure was as expected, a previous review had said it was a nightmare, loads of kids screaming and they were spot on. Gold lounge at The Palace much more civilised!Sea not particularly clean (nappies etc). JBH is always busy but great access to Wild Wadi keeps children happy and the fact you can use the buggies to go up and down to other hotels on the Jumereih strip is great, restaurants and Madinat by abra very romantic, Segreto great Italian, a must try. Dubai remains our favourite destination, try it all!!!	
Jun 6 2008 	nice hotel	hello, just came back from our family holiday in the Beach hotel. we had a perfect vacation. except 1 thing.- reserved baby beds with the reservation, even called 1 day before arrivel that we need baby bets in the rooms. after arrivel on midnight, we had to wait 45m for baby bed. not good, but after that we didn't have any problems in the hotel. some tips for staying in this hotel.-its a 5* hotel, act like 5* guests (you pay 5* prices!) something wrong ask direct to a manager. if ordering a suite, please mention you want the suite looking out to the water park / burj hotel. if they will put you on the other side you will not have any view from the balcony. -buy your liquor at the airport of departure, you can only get drinks in the hotel or bars. if you open the liquor in the room, you will get drunk only looking at the price of the 0.35ltr bottle. +/- 70euro. also as a toerist you can not by alcohol in Dubai. you need licence. -beachcomber suite is perfect for small childeren. there is a big living room and seperate child room. your on the ground floor and can walk easy to beach or pool -tip the cleaning person a good tip in the beginning. he will be so happy that he will indulge you with many small gifts &amp; unlimited bath suplies. (nice to take home 30 pcs of BVLGARI sample bottles) -went on friday to the lounge bar at the end of the pier. was a great partý, you will see things that you never have seen before. biggest bottles of Vodka i have ever seen in my life on the tables. smallest bottle of Vodka to buy there was smirnof black @ 133euro. what will costs the 3ltr bottles &amp; Dom champagne on severel tables???? , if there is a que,, walk to the front and tell the big baboon that you have reservation in the below fish restaurant. he will greet you like a real guest instad of quepeople. (don't forget the dress code ? don't do this with shorts on :) --biggest tip: we did the premium lesuire extra. this mean you can get from 3 till 6 free sandwiches &amp; thee, than from 6 to 8 free drinks &amp; snacks. (as[--] much alcohol as you can drink in 2 hours) someone from the hotel will escorte from the arrival at the airport. to the hotel. also you can go to the swimming pool only reserved for premium guest. this was great, other pools were realy to busy. again give the waiters a big tip in the beginning of the holiday. they will make sure that your place at the pool will be reserved for you. he will put the towels on the beds. (is better that getting up early to get your good spot again) premium will costs something but i believe is worth it! next year childeren will be older, that we will go back to Al Qasr again. (was better than the beach, but not good for smaller childeren. best regards Ed	
Jun 3 2008 	standards slipping	Have stayed at this hotel a number of times over the last eight years, but have to say that we thought the standards in a number of areas have started to slip. We were given a suite on the 4th floor, but requested a move after one night as the noise from the night club on the marina was relentless untill the early hours, the suite was also starting to look somewhat ' tired'. The so called executive area of the beach is a bit of a joke, as with temperatures reaching 35+c the lack of shaded areas was very poor. The ' happy hour ' in the execuitive lounge did not serve champagne only very cheap sparkling wine ( both the Al Qasr and Mina a Salam serve champagne ), we had an opened bottle of champagne removed from our room ( mistakenly I'm sure ), but the offered replacement after a lot of disussion was the cheap sparkling wine ( £3 abottle at duty free ), they then relented and begrudgingly sent half a bottle of Moet to our room! We are returning to Dubai later this year but will be staying at the Mina, where the service and facilities are still A1.	
Jun 1 2008 	Amazing but hot hot hot	Just returned from Jumeirah Beach hotel and what a wonderful time we have had. ROOMS :The rooms are really lovely and if you are asked what floor and where you would like to be ask for a room where you can see the Burj al arab from your bed. We were on floor 9 which was high enough to have a fab view. UPGRADE: Having read other reviews we upgraded to premium leisure club which worked out well 3-5pm afternoon tea with sandwiches and cream teas then 6-8pm any alcoholic drink and enough canapes to have for your evening meal, the kids have games rooms and there is internet access.FOOD: We ate in latitude which was lovely food but pricey about £100 for 2 adults and one child (11). For a reasonable priced meal try Toscana which is an italian in the Madinet, take the free golf buggy to mina a salam and get on the free abra boat to the restaurant, dont forget your camara as the view is lovely,Beachcombers is lovely for breakfast out on the deck. Dubai has a tipping culture so make sure you have plenty of low value notes when you arrive. The free entry to wild wadi is well worth it and you can get in before the general public for an hour at 10am. The sea water is lovely and warm in May but the weather is very hot and probably a little too hot for fair skin it was 42 degrees when we left. You do not need to pack towels,beach bag,slippers shampoo, conditioner,shower gel, mouth wash as all provided including flip flops (although not that sylish being green and cream ! ) toiletries are elemis listerine etc so good brands. Our daughter is 11 and had a great time there is so much to do. We did pay for a speed boat trip aprox £75 for an hour, we were taken out around the palms to see hotel atlantis and then on to the marina it was wonderful we were all allowed to drive which was very thrilling, well worth the money. At certain times of day you can visit Burj al arab,dress code smart, men must wear filled in shoes, worth a quick look as very garish but worth it to go to the top in the outside lift. Mall of Emirates has an amazing amount of shops and the hotel transportation take you there and back, I would suggest that ladies wear a proper t/shirt or blouse or just put a wrap over your shoulders as I felt inappropriately dressed in a strappy sundress and had to buy a wrap !! For families this hotel is fantastic but singles or couples only go in school time as it is really full of kids in the holidays, but whatever you do GO and experience this for yourself.	
Jun 1 2008 	Gone downhill and like a butlins camp!	Have stayed here several times in the past few years and have seen it grow into a very sucessful establishment. We just came back from a few days there (and also at the Burj!) I have to say that this hotel has got too complacent about their sucess. First of all we were shown to our rooms and ours absolutely stunk of smoke and something strange!. When I asked the person who had showm me the room was it a smoking room - she said no, I said it had a strange smell - &quot; I will get some air freshner&quot; was the reply. After a few minutes with the smell really becoming intolerable - my husband came into the room and thought the same, I asked the porter with our luggage -what he thought and agreed it had a terrible smell!. I dialled downstairs to say that this was not acceptable - their reply was &quot;we are fully booked!!!&quot;. We were eventually moved but no apologies whatsoever!.I would also like to add that (in school holidays!) even the premium leisure facilities and executive pool resembles Blackpool - it is so packed!. The quality of the food has also gone downhill - the huge variety of breakfast items were great but mostly tasteless and of a cheaper quality than you would expect from a 5 star hotel- obviously sticking to a lower budget.Rooms are looking somewhat tired now and need updating - especially the bathrooms - although spacious they are certainly not 5 star decor!. The white plastic sun loungers in the main pool areas need replacing - they have been there from the start and are uncomfortable! I would say that this hotel has got too big for its own boots!. Good amenities as usual but for the price you pay - well I would certainly try elsewhere for a true 5 star hotel!.	
Jun 1 2008 	1st stay and not the last!	This was our first time in Dubai and I am sure it will not be the last! We arrived home last night and I cried when I left the Hotel for the airport I enjoyed the holiday so much. The Hotel was fantastic it was everything and more that I had read on trip advisor so thanks to everyone for that! I had looked forward to the holiday for so long having booked it 10 months ago with Best at Travel and I was thinking it won't be as good as people are saying but it was. We booked Premium Leisure rooms and they were fantastic our children 18 &amp; 14 had a room of their own and would sit in the chairs in their room looking out over the sea for ages when they came in from they pool they just loved the view. I thought this might be our 18 year old's last holiday with us but he said it was the best holiday ever so it looks like we might be paying for him again! Oh well!The service at the hotel was the best ever and the manners of the staff were impeccable. The use of the water park was great that was a real bonus for the children getting in an hour before everyone else.I am sure we will be booking again for next year!	
Jun 1 2008 	Best holiday ever	Stayed at this excellent 5 star hotel for 7 nights and loved every minute.By far the best hotel I have ever been to( and I have stayed at a few 5 star).I felt that for 1 week I was living the life of a VIP as the staff at this great hotel made every guest feel very welcome.Yes you might say a tad expensive but you really do get what you pay for.We had afternoon tea at the hotels 'sister' hotel the Burj Al Arab (the one shaped like a sail)and both my wife and I enjoyed very minute at the onlr 7 star hotel in the world.Weather fantastic,beach clean and the cuisine EXCELLENT.All in all I can't wait to go back there again.Hopefully sooner rather than later	
May 28 2008 	Very Nice	We stayed for a week in the JBH and we really enjoyed it, the service was up with the best service we have ever had and the hotel was lovely. Our room was very nice, spacious and we had a balcony with a view over the pools, beach and the sea which included a lovely view of the Burj too. The nice thing about all the rooms in this hotel is that they all over look the beach so you don't have to worry about having a poor view from your room. The breakfast was lovely, lots of choice, freshly cooked and again the service was great. The food in the restaurants was great too with a wide range of different cuisine's. The swimming pools are lovely and a nice temperature to cool you down as the weather very hot all week. The JBH is quite expensive and some of the reastaurants and drinks are too but are conclusion was that generally you get what you pay for. All in all we had a great holiday and we felt we chose the right hotel after having a look around. Dave.	
May 27 2008 	Perfect honeymoon!!!	Everything was perfect in this hotel - from the minute we stepped out of the car to the goodbyes as we set off for the airport!We arrived at the front of the hotel and straight away the car door was opened for me and they greeted us by our names and took our luggage. While we waited to be checked in we were shown to a seat and given a cold glass of juice. We arrived at 9am and we knew that check in wasnt usually until 2pm so we were prepared for a bit of a wait. They gave us a mobile phone and were encouraged to relax and use all their facilities whilst our room was made up. They showed us where we could freshen up and our luggage was stored safely until our room was ready. We relaxed by the pool for the morning and got a call about 11.30 to say our room was ready. When we got up there the view took our breath away. It was amazing. The room itself was huge and all the facilities you could want. The bathroom was luxurious and everything was spotless. We opted for bed and breakfast and went to the beachcombers restaurant both mornings. The variety was great - i couldnt think of anything that was missing - cooked breakfast with eggs made to order, fruits, yoghurts, cereals, breads and pastrys and even camel milk (wasnt brave enough to try it though!) There was a shuttle that regularly went round and dropped you off at various points in the resort. We made use of the free entry to the Wild Wadi water park next door which had a great lazy river and some good slides. The emirates mall was amazing - the hotel also offered a free shuttle bus to this but as it was only on the hour we decided to get a taxi rather than wait which was 10r - about £1.60. As it was our honeymoon the hotel gave us a bottle of bubbly, chocolates and a cake to celebrate and it was also on the records of all the restaurants in the complex as we were given another cake on our final night. I would definitely recommend eating at Go West - text mex restaurant in the complex. Big portions and great value for money. We also wanted to go and visit the Burj but we were told that men had to wear proper shoes to be let in - as we only had trainers and flip flops we couldnt do it. Checking out was fine - just be warned if you even move anything in the mini bar it automatically charges you as its all on sensors. I opened the door to see if it was big enough to put some wine in and just doing that had slightly moved an apple juice. My husband also picked up a travel adaptor to look at it then put it back down but that was also charged to our room. After a few calls to check with housekeeping it was removed from our bill. The overall service was fantastic and the only negative thing was that we only booked it for 2 nights when we wish we had of stayed longer!!	
May 24 2008 	dubai	Jumeirah Beach Hotel is a lovely hotel very nice very expensive but lovely free entry to the wild wadi there is a lovely Argentinean resturant they do the best filet steak ever melts in your mouth the rooms a spacious and lovely if you want to spend your money stay here I felt a bit isulated when I stayed there as I like to be near the city and just go out also a chocolate and a flower on my bed very nice but I like my money in my pocket and spend it in all the nice resturants the hotel its self is very family depends on what u want	
Apr 29 2008	Amazing Honeymoon	The most amazing hotel in the world, definately a fantastic hotel for honeymoons. Service brilliant, weather super. I could go back anytime anyday.	
Apr 27 2008	What a treat	We spent 5 nights at the Jumeirah Beach Resort at the end of February 2008 and it was fantastic. The room was very spacious with a king size bed, excellent bathroom with seperate walk in shower and bath, and all facilities spotlessly clean. All the rooms overlook the beach and their sister hotel The Burj. The weather was gorgeous. We were greeted at the hotel with a welcome glass of orange juice which was well received after the flight and 30 min transfer. Breakfast is a wonderful experience with every type of menu you can imagine, from chinese to american to english. Something different everyday although I strongly recommend the freshly made omelette. Coffee was great. Convenient buggies positioned outside the hotel ferry guests around the hotel complex and to the Burj across the bridge. Restaurants are good, we ate in the Argentinian and seafood restaurant. Good quality food but not cheap. We also ate at the seafood restaurant at the Burj which is very expensive - £300 for a 3 course meal for 2 people with a bottle of wine. Food and service good but not exceptional. However pre dinner drinks in the Skyview bar at the top of the Burj is a wonderful experience. If you want a a few days away with guaranteed sunshine then the Jumeirah Beach Resort is just the thing.	
Apr 19 2008 	Fantastic Holiday	We've just returned from a ten day stay at this fantastic hotel. We were travelling with our daughter, her husband and their two children aged 9 and 6. We flew overnight from Heathrow and arrived very early in the morning. Our luggage was stored and we spent the morning around the pool until our rooms were available.The rooms were beautiful, food excellent and the facilities outstanding. All the staff were charming and very helpful. It's certainly worth upgrading to the Premium/Executive rooms.The dress code in the Executive lounge during 'Happy Hour' seemed a little strange. The staff were insistent that gentlemen wore shoes (no open toes, sandals etc) but some of the ladies came straight off the beach and didn't look very smart at all!A previous reviewer mentioned taking the buggy from the hotel and going on the boat ride at the Souk . That was really great and the children loved it too.We will certainly be returning to this great hotel.	
Apr 16 2008 	great service	My 2 sons, aged 11 and 8, and I have just returned from the holiday of a lifetime . It was our first trip to Dubai and , as I was not familiar with Trip Advisor at the time, I took the advice of my travel agent regarding hotel. A friend recommended Premium Leisure Club and it was a great option . The hotel is huge, but premium leisure allowed us to feel as if we were staying in a much more intimate evironment, which I liked. After a speedy and luxurious late night transfer from the airport, we were escorted to the executive lounge, where we had a drink while checking in. My one complaint of the holiday revolved around this process. Our passports and credit card were requested. I had packed my credit card before leaving home so they asked me to open my suitcase in the lounge and remove it...lucky I am a neat packer! Had it not been so late, I probably would have had the presence of mind to ask them to wait until I got to the room to retrieve it; but we just wanted to get to bed so I complied.The rest of our holiday was super. Our room was lovely; king bed and an extra single bed which was comfy enough for me to sleep in- we are an equal opportunities threesome!!! The bathroom was very spacious with bath, shower large sink area and bidet. Elemis products were replenished as often as required and included shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, body lotion, bath gel and- a new one for me- suncream and aftersun.Minibar was ok; tv ahd some cartoon channels in english which the boys were delighted about.What I loved most about the room was the view of the sea. One could lie in bed and imagine oneself to be on the ocean...very spectacular.Room service was twice daily with a little gift left nightly- anything from hand cream to facial exfoliant to aromatherapy soaps....along with chocolates. Easter brought eggs for the boys, which was a lovely touch.Premium Leisure allowed us to have breakfast in either the executive lounge,( Buffet with omelette station), latitude(poor, as very big), or beachcombers ( very large buffet with various &quot;on the spot&quot; options).Breakfast was served until 11 or 1130, depending where you went, and it made mornings very relaxed.No mad dash for sunbeds as premium leisure had its own pool, where we were escorted to sunbeds;towels laid out and drinks order taken.Pool had lots of intertwining areas, which made for great adventures, and a bar in the pool. Snacks could also be ordered by the pool but we preferred to go inside for lunch. Sun was out until about 430- then back to executive lounge for a spot of afternoon tea- various titbits incl scones with jam, drinkable tea,sandwiches. By the way, soft drinks were free all day long in this area.Then back to the room to shower and change before happy hour in the executive lounge-any kind of drink you could desire- i chose wine and/or sparkling wine- with unlimited refills and top-ups.Lots of canapes and snacks incl sushi, hummous with crudites,chicken drumsticks,cheese and crackers, tortilla chips, sweets, buns.The children had all day access to a computer room, playstations and smaller children's play area- located within the executive lounge. Therefore, I could enjoy my tipple while they played. It was also acceptable for them to sit with me and have a soft drink.Board ganes were also available while we indulged.Reception staff get to know you by name and I was amazed at how special this made us feel. We stayed a couple of nights at the Burj....to check out all the hype!....It was organised by the reception staff for us after we arrived in Dubai...but I was more impressed by the service at the JBH.Wild Wadi is a great plus when you have children. Access is close by the executive club; towels are provided; no money is required. You simply charge x amount to your room; the value is encoded on a plastic watch you wear.Any time you buy something the watch is scanned. Any credit remaining at the end of the day is credited back to your room.Photographers are all over the park. They take various snaps, give you an armband thing and you can choose your favourites when back in the hotel- expensive but handy.We tried a few of the restaurants in the hotel. We enjoyed Go West the most- steak , burgers etc- good athmosphere and great service. La Veranda, italian, was our least favourite- no athmosphere. La Parilla was good too-very exuberant hostess. I was not impressed by the dancers.They did not seem comfortable doing the tango...or maybe just inexperienced- not that I am any expert!The italian on the beach was good for luinch-but service very slow at peak times.Off site, Verre at the Hilton, Al Mahara at the Burj and Frankie Dettoris at the Marina are not to be missed...expensive but super.At the Madinat,we liked Toscana.,another Italian( 2 children...pasta and pizza are king!!)We &quot;did&quot; ski dubai(yes), mall of the emirates(yes) ibn batuta mall(no) deira city cintre( absolutely not- 3hr wait for taxi), gold and diamond park(worth a look).Taxis are lined up outside the hotel all day. Shuttle buses take you to various places and are very reliable. Dubai is a concrete jungle- lots of buildings and nothing very scenic well it is a desert! Beach area provides the best views and there are plenty of hotels on the beach.JBH was friendly, with outstanding service, We look forward to returning asap. I hear Disney will be there soon!	
Apr 13 2008 	Nice predictable 5 star	Having visited Dubai previously and being underwhelmed, I planned a 4 day stopover here at the end of a family holiday to New Zealand, but with low expectations. Against my expectations I did like both Dubai and the hotel. Perhaps having the family and children with me this time helped, as they seemed to love it. The children particularly loved the waterpark, and the range of food at restaurants. Latitude restaurant near the reception area had a huge buffet range for both breakfast and dinner. The staff were helpful without being obsequious. The public areas were very nice, but the rooms were garish in decor and nothing special in terms of amenity. I have stayed in much nicer 5 stars as far as decor went, but the children voted this one of the best places they had stayed at. So I was outnumbered. The beach was lovely, and the sunbeds were adequate. A nice touch was the ice lollies given out by staff at the beach. The pools were very crowded however, though I did not spend any time there. What I did like was the high number of staff who kept an eye on the children. It enabled us to relax and allowed the children (10 and 11) some freedom. We went through Arabian Adventures on the Dinner Sand Safari, and spent a great afternoon driving wildly across sand dunes, and an evening with dinner , camel rides and a belly dancer. It will stick forever in my memory, driving across dunes listening to Abba's &quot;Dancing Queen&quot; at full blast with Babylon our driver &quot;in da house&quot;. We used one of the hotel cars and drivers to give my husband and I a three hour city tour, which was informative. The kids only spent an afternoon at the hotel kids club but they did enjoy themselves. We all liked the hotel and Dubai was a nice short break. Overall, the hotel has good amenities and good staff but do not expect anything out of the ordinary.	
Apr 12 2008	Loved the stay and travel agent made it special!	Just returned from dubai and had a brilliant stay at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. The travel agent made all his promises come true. He made sure we had the best service provided for us in the UK and Dubai. The JBH is an excellent hotel with beautiful views of the Burj Al Arab Hotel and the upcoming islands that are being built. The service at the hotel was A1 and also the staff were brilliant, they always had a smile and always went out there way to bring a 5 star service. The travel agent in the UK who i must recommend to everyone for there services and advice. They provided as with excursions in Dubai at a competitive rate, the team in Dubai were always on time and made we had a brilliant time at the excursions that we had, such as the Desert safari, the dhow cruise, trip to sharjah and Ras Al Khaimah. Overall the holiday was excellent and could’ve not ask for anthing better. I will definetly be booking my future holiday with Evolution Holidays (0116 2205235).	
Apr 3 2008	Brilliant again	Arrived in the morning to friendly and helpful staff. Got ot our rooms really quickly with no problems. The hotel was amazing and worth every penny! So much better than the cheap tacky holidays available elsewhere in the world that are not really memorable or worth the time! The JBh was just fantastic with a selection of brilliant restraunts. Carnevale was excellent, and Go West was excellent for a casual but enjoyable dinner. Nothin ever dissapointed me. the pool was brilliant with a mock-rock wall at the deep end with a manamade waterfall. The servicewas out of this world and the rooms were fantastic.The balcony room was worth the extra money - i cant undertand what people mean when they say you cant see the burj. The room was luxuriously furnished. Although it was extremely nice, i thought it could have done with updating - but thats not to say it wasnt very nice! The bathroom was a nice large size with an enormous shower. Finished with marble of course. The laundry and room service were very efficient. The atrium at the JBH was magnificent and from the 25th floor the view down was amazing. In the evenings at the palm court cafe there is a live piano player which is a great place to have drinksd before dinner. Also, the beach lobby area was themed like a seaside cave which was really nice. The golf buggys to mina salam and the burj were really useful and the free entrance to wild wadi was a bonusoverall a brilliant holiday. the only bad thing is that once you go to a hotel like this which has all the restraunts and everything you need - no were else is good enough! Anyone who has been will know what i mean	
Apr 2 2008 	Amazing!	It's already all been said in previous reviews. We stayed two nights in room 425 which had amazing views of the Jumeirah's sister hotel Burj al Arab and the gulf. It also was a large comfortable room with a king size bed and lovely bathroom with all the toiletries you could ever want. Service throughout the hotel was excellent and especially for such a huge hotel. Just to add that this would be a fantastic place for parents with young families as the facilities and staff are great.	
Apr 1 2008	my fantastic 4oth in Dubai	oh my god!! ive just been to the best place on earth and the best thing ever is its only gonna get better!! Dubai was fantastic, the people we,re friendly and the service second to non. i went for my 40th birthday and had the time of my life. The One and Only Royal mirage hotel is a must for the special occasion, a little pricey but worth it. if your on a budget there are plenty of hotels and restaurants that are not out of your price range and the &quot;brunch&quot; at JW Marriott hotel is great you can eat and drink, any alcohol including champers!! as much as you like from 12pm to 12am on any Friday for £42 and the food is fantastic, as much lobster, prawns and any other seafood you can imagine. also steaks, pork and chicken kebabs, try the emu its delicious. Just make sure you choose your time correctly i.e. not in Ramadan and also not too much into our summer or you will fry, march was good 32 degrees and a lovely breeze. i will break my travel rule of not going to the same place twice for Dubai i loved it, also plenty o opportunities to buy a property if you have the cash??!! although its a Muslim country and the law is no alcohol this readily available in the hotels, just make sure you take as much as you can carry from the duty free as there doesn't seem to be a limit, to stock up your hotel fridge. The dress code is much the same as here, although some religious place do have a dress code for women ie covered heads but i didnt come across any and spent most of the week in my bikini or shorts.	
Mar 30 2008 	The place to stay ...	Me and my husband stayed here for 5 nights for our wedding anniversary and were truly blown awayWhen we arrived at 9am we were greeted with a big smile and warm welcome, as well as fresh orange juice and towels to freshen up (nice touch)We were told the room would not be ready until 2pm (not unexpected) but were given a mobile phone which we would be called on if the room was ready any earlier. We were then advised of what we could do during this time and me and my husband decided to make use of the free shuttle bus which takes you daily to the Mall of Emirates.Once we returned to the hotel, we were taken to our room and offered a tour of the hotel and room if we needed, but we declined. The room was brilliant, big and airy with an outstanding view of the Burj and the gulf.The room was clean with some fresh fruit to eat (which my husband devoured in seconds). The bathroom was big and clean and just what was required. The room was cleaned twice a day with a lovely turn down serivce, where they left little &quot;godiva&quot; chocolates on the pillow (which again my husband devoured in seconds). The daily newsletter was also a great source of information.The pool area and beach was brilliant, a member of staff would come around several times of the day to provide ice cold towels and free ice lollies!!! The pool was big and clean. A JBH staff member is always in the pool offering to take pictures which you can later purchase (no obligation) at good prices. This is a great idea as some shots you just take alone esp in the pool.The breakfast at the lattitude and beachcomb was great. Spoilt for choice and variety, this was a great way to start the day.Other pluses staying here, was the free access to wild wadi, to the burj, and to the souk madinat.Overall the hotel was superb, staff very helpful and friendly, facilities unbeatable, location spot on. Throughly recommend this hotel and itching to go back.	
Mar 28 2008 	Lovely resort for some	Me, my husband and 3 boys, (2, 12,and 17), stayed at this hotel over Easter for a week as Premium Leisure guests..The hotel and surrounding resort is everything I would have expected from Dubai. Very clean, great facilities, nice staff who try their best,and the WOW, bling factor in terms of arcitecture and decor that Dubai is associated with The bedrooms and bathrooms are large and luxurious- again the WOW , bling factor. Food and drink was great, my personal favourites being Go West- amazing food and entertainment, and Villa Beach. The 360 Bar at the end of the Pier was very trendy and a must visit but very expensive.BUT.... we won't be coming here again. I don't want to run the place down as it would suit some people, so I will keep it factual. We had a lovely holiday, but this was not a resort for us. We stayed at the Royal Meridien at Christmas, and that really was an amazing experience and a place we will be returning to and I will explain why. I wrote a review when I came back after Christmas dated 1st Jan 2008, entitled, &quot;Simply the Best&quot;, and I still stand by that.Firstly this hotel was so busy, that if I didn't go down to the executive pool at 8am every day to reserve beds and an umbrella, then we would never have got round it- you certainly couldn't get round there after 9am - which is pretty bad considering you have paid an extra premium for the privalige. And the place was swarming with young kids and babies and had the feel of an upmarket Butlins about it.Food, drinks and laundry were much more expensive than at LRM. 4 times when we ordered a bottle of wine at dinner that cost around £30, we were told after about a 15 minute wait that they didn't have that particular wine, but could offer us a substitue at around £60 a bottle! Come on! What is that about?The decor, to us anyway, though very luxurious, was really just expensive, tasteless, tacky, bling.The place, as well as The Burj, (which I have to say is more impressive from the outside), and the Madinat including it's hotels have a feel of Disney about them. Walking theough The Mina a Salam, though it was very beautiful and I have to say has one of the most impressive lobbies I have ever seen, made me think of the filmset from Aladdin, and I expected Princess Jazmine to come flying through on her magic carpet any minute. Don't get me wrong, it is amazing, but not somewhere I would want to stay. It is so false, like a filmset, all perfect, not like arabian atcitecture as it describes itself, (you'd go to morroco for that anyway), but how you would expect it to be if you hadn't seen the real thing.We had drinks at The Burj one night. Oh my goodness how pretentious! Firstly, you had to book! But being JBH guests we were allowed in after 11pm. As my husband put it, it is THE monument to bad taste! It made me feel a little sick and I could never stay there. You have to see it to believe it! It was like being trapped in a cartoon of a 70s disco! A rich mans toy. We got to the bar at the top and they still asked if we had a reservation??!!! Then made us wait while they checked if they had availabiliy- which they knew thay had! How pretentious! We spend a£100 on a couple of cocktails, then looked round and left. I will never go back. And as for service, 7*? You must be kidding- the 7* service is down the beach at Le Royal Meridien.Some of the restaurants at JBH didn't take children and none of the bars, which didn't suit us. Book the child friendly restaurants on arrival or before you go as they do get booked up otherwise. We never had that problem and our children who were welcome everywhere at LRM. For a supposedly child friendly hotel, that isn't good.The hotel is more for families with babies and young children who want to leave thier kids with a babysitter at night and go out alone- that's not for me, I'm on holiday with my kids. There are lots of things for young children, (pools with slides, activities etc), so it was great for my baby, but my older 2 much preferred the personal service at LRM, and fould it easier to meet friends there. Yes, there is a teens club, but it doesn't open till 1pm, and is right over the other side in the sports centre, so they couldn't be bothered to go, where at LRM, staff went round getting the older kids togeter for games etc. Yes, there is the Wild Wadi- but if you go there after 11am, you could be queing 30 mins for a ride- and the place although great, really isn't that remarkable, so they only used it early moring bafore it opened to the public.Although it was Easter, there was nothing in the form of entertainement put on and they gave nothing away- a real contrast to Christmas at LRM. There was a kids party with a couple of bouncy castles and a few games on the lawn, but it was hardly attended all day cos they laid nothing on food and drinks wise to keep the parents there. There was a chicken and chips and soft drinks and beers stall that you had to pay for!!!!!Oh and if you like your spa treatments, the spa and gym is in the sports centre with the teens club in a seperate building to the main hotel, so if you've had a treatment, you have to walk back through the grounds in your dressing gown to get back to your room- nice!. And the spa was ok- not like the world class one at LRM.Don't get me wrong, we had a great holiday and are glad we tried there, but it just wasn't the place for us. It is an amazing place though and they do try. If you like Disney Orlando or Centre Parks, (but with a bit more luxury), then this is probably the right place for you. It's very new money and bling bling. The gounds and beach are nice, but not wonderful paradise like at LRM. It's not a romantic place, like LRM is.. And basically, we just prefer somewhere that has more class, elegance and relaxing ambience, with a personal service that frankly so far cannot be matched- LRM!	
Mar 27 2008 	Fantastic resort	Had a fab time with the girlfriend at the jumeirah. We stayed for a week and absolutely loved it. I find it hard to see where these recent criticisms come from, the staff are very friendly, polite and helpful. The hotel is unbelievably clean especially when you consider the size of it including all the restaurants, bars and other facilities. The beach is immaculate and the sea and sand exceeded both our expectations. It was perfect as was the weather which was around 28 for the week we were there.  There's so much to do and places to eat but obviously that's where the money tots up. Admittedly we spent quite a lot as the food and drinks aren' cheap but i've spent more in other 5 star resorts and because the standard of food was so consistently excellent the prices were mostly justified. We actually were on half board which included breakfast which we would have at beachcombers on the beach where they served pretty much everything imaginable and all really nice. The evening meal included was at latitude which is basically a huge buffet but much better than your average hotel buffet. There is a big emphasis on fresh food and many things made in front of you so it's like a kind of freshly made buffet and things aren't just sitting about for hours on end. We ate in a few of the other restaurants, our favourite being the carnevale (italian). Also would highly recommend the pizzas at the gallerie for lunch. Awesome!!  My only dissapointment would be the water park but hey not many hotels have one of them in their backyard so can't really moan!  We would definitely go again but would like to go for 2 weeks but obviously that would be pretty expensive! Worth it though!	
Mar 25 2008 	Breathtaking Jumeirah Beach Hotel!!!	Having stayed 7 nights at The Jumeirah Beach Hotel I can only state that this is one of the best resorts in the world!From the moment you arrive until you leave the staff make sure that your stay will be memorable forever.We stayed in a Ocean Club Executive Room which was really good value for the money. Having access to the Premium Leisure Club meant that breakfast was served in the lounge, you also had the option to choose from two other restaurants or to enjoy your breakfast in the room. From 3pm afternoon tea was served, and in the evening you could have canapées with cocktails, large variety of food and drinks throughout the day!Since I was travelling with my 6 year old daughter the lounge was perfect with it´s large variety of viedo games, computers and books.Our room was extraordinary, large and comfortable, cleaning beyond compare and every evening the staff arranging the turn down service brought you some gifts.As a guest of Jumeirah Beach Hotel, access to Wild Wadi Water Park was complimentary and having a separate entrance meant that you could come and go as you like, superb!The private beach overlooking Burj Al Arab was perfect and staff brought you towels and umbrella in seconds. If you preferred the swimming pools there were two large pool areas plus the Executive Pool for us staying in the Ocean Club rooms, this pool area was fantastic, a secluded location with extra comfortable sun beds and a large swimming pool where you could stay for hours.If you are travelling to Dubai and especially when travelling with children there is only one option, The Jumeirah Beach Hotel! Your stay will be a perfect vacation!!!	
Mar 23 2008 	Wonderful hotel and location	My wife and I stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel 25 February - 03 March 2008. Everything about the stay was great, from being met at the airport and fast tracked though passport control, chauffered to the hotel, and even upgraded into a villa for the first night. The villa was great but we felt a bit more at home in our executive club room, which was spacious and had everything you needed. and what a fantastic view of the Burj Al Arab Hotel and the clear blue sea. You can never tire of that view. We had access to the executive lounge for canapes and drinks and they weren't slow to top up our beverages.All the staff were friendly and helpful and made sure we were enjoying our holiday. At the executive pool they prepare the towels and pillow at your sun loungers inc. the parasol if you want it. Periodically they came round with refreshing ice lollies, slush drinks and cool face clothes to freshen yourself whilst sun bathing (the weather was great). Even lunch and drinks are brought to your sun loungers if you wish. I've also never seen so many life guards around a pool so health &amp; safety is a priority.The food is excellent (there's 23 restraurants), some with entertainment provided and even the buffet breakfast area is quite special with a number of various food stations to suit all nationalities from around the world.Another nice touch were the golf buggies they use to transport you around the resort including over to the Burj and the Madinat Hotels.We thoroughly enjoyed this hotel and would recommend it for anyone visiting Dubai.	
Mar 22 2008	I'll be back!	We returned to the JBH this year for the 5th time, and will ubdoubtedly be back! I have 3 daughters ages 15-20 who no longer want to do their own thing re holidays but want to come with us to JBH.The service is excellent, the staff are very friendly and cannot do enough for you. The many restaurants and bars are all very good, although the Italian and Argenian are expensive compared to the excellent American, German and English restaurants.January which this year was only 20 deg and windy and rainy for 2 of the 6 days. When we first visited Dubai rain was unheard of!June to mid September is too hot in my opinion 45 degrees every day! Best time to visit is Oct - April, although if you go May/June you will see some premiership footballers.Your room will not be available untill 2PM, but as the hotel is always full this has got to be expected after allowing for the previous guests to check out and the room to be thoroughly cleaned and then checked.There are many shopping malls but in my opinion you may as well be in Lakeside or Bluewater as you will see the same shops, although the size and grandeur of the Mall of the Emirates and Ibutta Mall are to be seen.You get free access to Wild Wadi waterpark, and at certain times you can access the Burj Al Aram which is worth a visit.It is worth upgrading to club Executive, which gives you private transfers from/to the airport in BMW'7s or Audi A6's, also free drinks in the exec lounge 1700-1900 every evening, and access the the exec pool. It is worth joining the Sirius loyalty scheme on line prior to arriving, We now have enough points to eat free for the whole of the next trip or 4 nights stay.It is expensive, but if you can afford it you should go!	
Mar 21 2008 	Not as good as I expected	I am used to staying in 5 star hotels but I found this one not so good. I was annoyed that on arriving at the hotel at 8.30am (having been picked up at the airport in one of their cars) we had to wait until 2pm for our room and only offered a toilet to change in.We had to queue for breakfast every day and we found the public areas a bit grubby. We had problems with things in our room and had to chase many times to get them sorted.The staff were helpful but not of a 5 star quality. Service was 3 star.	
Mar 18 2008 	A GREAT disappointment	Where do I start...Let's start with the SINGLE positive aspect of my stay here.Since I had booked an Executive room on the 17th floor, a chauffeur welcomed me at the airport and took me through immigration in a matter of minutes.I'm afraid all the happy things end after that...I'll resume everything in a few points:1) Even though I arrived at 9 am at Jumeirah Beach Hotel, I had to wait for over 3 hours to get my room...sure, they give a phone to call you when the room is ready and you can enjoy the weather at the beach while waiting, but c'mon, a 3 hour wait for someone who is paying 2500 US dollars a night!!!2) Does staff=police ???????No seriously, do you have to go to police academy to become part of the staff at JBH?? Excuse me for this sarcasm, but i lost count of the number of times a staff member asked me for my room number....EVERYTIME i got on the god damn elevator I had to tell them my room number....EVERYTIME I wanted to ask a simple question to the staff I had to give my room number...EVERYTIME I wanted to go the beach I had to give my room number...I mean, did they actually think i flew 6 hours to come to Dubai to WANDER &amp; WEAVE AROUND JBH?3) My male friend was staying at his appartment at the Palm Jumeirah. One evening, after a long day at the desert, I had to go back to the hotel to change my clothes. Since we were planning on going out together later that evening, my friend came with me to the hotel. Needless to say, we were stopped by one of the many Indian gentleman and asked for our room number. I kindly gave it to him (once again). He consequently told me that my friend cannot go up with me to the room. Infuriating, I asked for the manager and after 15 minutes of anger and surprise, he arrived. After arguing for a couple of minutes, he pulled out a piece of paper where it was stated that guests would have to pay 250 Dirhams....WOW, I mean, did he think my 20 year-old friend was a RUSSIAN PROSTITUTE??? 4) NO concierge service???Executive lounge concierge couldn't even get me on the guestlist of a club! That's Ghetto.The story goes on and on...I stayed there for two nights and I will never set my foot there again...I am so disappointed that I am willing to go in front of their doors to keep people from checking in...I'm a 21 year-old salesman and I work hard for my money. But that's not the issue. Paying good money for good service is my theory in life. This experience made the second part of the theory questionable and my 2 day visit in Dubai miserable.	
Mar 16 2008 	5 * plus - booked again as soon as we got home!	In short, we have been very lucky and stayed at some of the worlds best hotels. Jumeirah Beach is without a doubt the best hotel we have ever stayed at (and we have kids - 9 and 6.) It exceeds all expectations. As soon as we got back to the UK we booked again and will be there in 3 weeks - the kids are so excited. Relaxation, amazingly superb personal service without being over the top, fantastic food, location fantastic....well worth the money. If you fancy being spoilt rotten in a relaxing amazing scenic location you have to try here!	
Mar 4 2008 	brilliant hotel glorious weather!	could not believe the view when we were showed to our room, AMAZING! the beautiful turquoise sea, the great pool, the freshly combed over beach and the burj al arab were all we could see. the shower was excellent, lots of space and good flow! lots of freebies including listerine, sunblock, shower gel, shampoo, conditioner, chocolates every night, time out magazine, mineral water, use of slippers / dressing gown / safety deposit box etc.the staff were really helpful, the hot towels and fresh orange juice as we arrived at reception were very welcome.we went on the mountain safari with oasis palm which was very good but the dhow dinner cruise with the same company was very poor, would not recommend it.the jumeirah beach hotel feels like an oasis among all of the construction work going on, although it was expensive we were so pleased that we had decided to stay away from the cranes!the mall of emirates, festival city mall and battuta mall were all good, it is quite bizarre that the shops are pretty much the same as here (river island, topshop, bhs, m&amp;s, next etc) and shopping is no cheaper than the uk but the malls are nice shopping environments.the breakfast selection was out of this world, everything you could possibly imagine... shame you can only fit so much in at that time of the day.entertainment at go west restaurant was pretty good, so was the live music at the hard rock cafe just up the road.taxi's are cheap, from the airport to the jumeirah beach was 80 dirhams including tip (12 pounds ish?!?!)overall we would definately recommend this hotel!!!!!!!	
Mar 4 2008	Well worth a visit	Having read the reviews on this website I had built up my expectations to a very high level. And I have to say - I was not diaappointed. This was a weekend break with a diffence. I travelled with a group of 35 for an aunts birthday. After reading the reviews on this website I decided to also take my 11 year old daughter. And I'm glad I did. We flew from Birminham Airport with Emirates on a night flight. A good flight, good food, nice friendly cabin crew and a good selection of films, music channels and games helped the journey. Free drinks for the duration. Arrival at the airport and we were met by a line of welcomers with boards - one with our name on. We had pre-booked transport from the airport to the hotel. A nice touch. 25 minutes after collecting our luggage and we were at the hotel being greeted by the staff and our cases taken for storage until our room would be available (rooms might not be available until 2pm - but you can access your suitcase in a room on the 2nd floor until then). We went immediately to the BeachCombers restaurant on the beach front for buffett breakfast. This was included in the stay despite us only arriving that morning. A good selection of food - Cereal, fruit, cheese, toast, croissant, cake, eggs (fried, poached and omelette all made to order), scrambled eggs, tomatoes, mushrooms, bacon, sausage, hash browns, pancakes, waffles, ...... curry!!!!! I could go on..... Towels are provided whether you want to sit by the pool or on the beach. The staff will take you to a free sunbed and lay your towel out for you. A guy walked round everyone sitting round the pool and on the beach handing out free ice lollies a couple of times a day which was welcomed as the weather was superb. Very hot. Hotter than I expected. I would recommend factor 40 or 50. I used factor 15 and burnt my shoulders on the first day.Its worth jumping on a buggy (constantly driving round the complex) and ask to go to the Souk Madinat. You will be taken to a complex next door to the Jumeirah Beach and here you can jump on a boat (what I can only describe as a gondoler type) and go on a tour of the complex (well worth doing at night). You can jump off at any of the multitude of bars and restaurants. The boats run all night. Back to the hotel - the rooms are well equiped. Bath robes, slippers, shampoo, conditioner, shower gel (all replenished daily), bottles of water (5 replenished daily), amongst other things. Hairdryer, iron and ironing board, safe, LCD tv showing sky sports chanel with premiership games. Every room has a sea view and a fantastic view of the Burj Al. One lift (right hand side) is glass. If you go up to the top floor you get a great view of the world islands to the right of the hotel. The bar on the 24th floor is nice - and it has an outside seating area which has good views of the main road into Abu Dhabi. Dress code : quite relaxed really. We had a few members of our party who wore jeans every night. Not a problem. We went into a shopping centre (the one with the Ski Resort) and many people had 3/4 trousers on. It didnt seem to be a problem. Taxi's very cheap. Sorry that this review is a bit disjointed - I keep thinking of more things to write! All in all a great weekend and I know I'll be going back. Any questions - mail me.	
Feb 25 2008 	The best hotel I´ve stayed at!	We just returned from a wonderful week at this great hotel. We also stayed here 3 years ago and didn´t really know what to expect this time and was not sure that it could live up to the great experience at our first visit, but this hotel is still as great as we remembered. The service starts in the airport, where a JBH employe helps you to the VIP queue and afterwards we were taken to the hotel in nice airconditioned cars.We stayed in the suite on the 10th floor overlooking Wild Wadi and the Burj al Arab and the room was really nice. There was complementary fruit and wine at arrival and every night we had little gifts on our pillows! The room had 2 bedsrooms and 2 bathrooms, which was perfect for us 4 adults. Our balcony was huge, but we didn´t really use it execpt for drying our swimsuites.We had acces to the Executive Lounge on the 24th floor, where we went every day for happy hour! Here you could have all the drinks and snacks you liked.The pools of this hotel is superb and the temperature was just right. The poolside service was outstanding, with a towlguy, a bartender and a waiter to bring you lunch, what more could you wish for? In all we love this hotel and will definitely go back again. I can´t find anything bad to say about this hotel. The location, service, pools, beach and rooms are outstanding!	
Feb 20 2008 	Outstanding Resort!	Outstanding location, accomodation, service, facilities! The best of the best in tourist resorts! (Unfortunately...rates are outstanding too....!)	
Feb 18 2008 	Fabulous	There's not much I can add to whats already been said about this great hotel. We stayed here the 1st time in 1998 just 6 months after it opened &amp; have been back numerous times since. This time I had decided to change for one of the Madinat hotels but in the end booked the Jumeirah Beach again. The view from the room overlooking the Sea with the Burj in front is incredible. The breakfast buffet has to be seen to be believed &amp; we've eaten in all the restaurants at one time or another &amp; they're all great. The only thing that I wouldn't book is a room with balcony. The rooms without a balcony are all on the higher floors &amp; it was so hot that we never used ours so we've never booked one since.	
Feb 4 2008 	Paradise	Well, what can i say. A holiday i will never forget. My family and I stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel for a week in October, the weather was fantistic, the hotel simply jaw dropping, clean, friendly staff, excellent pools, close to the water park and fantastic views of the Burj al Arab to wake up to in the morning. We would definitely go back. 5* +++++++++!	
Feb 4 2008 	Best Hotel!!!!!	Well what can i say!?!?! this 5 * hotel is just amazing, every room has fantastic views of the gulf sea and the 7* hotel the Burj Alarab.The beds are all king size and all rooms have plasma tvs! The air conditioning is just what you need after being by the pool, some rooms come with balconys but i have sampled both and the only thing i found myself using the balcony for was to dry my swimming costume as its just too hot to sit out for too long!!The bathrooms are huge and all have baths and giant walk in showers. The staff couldnt possibly do anymore for you if they tried, being called Ma'am for a week and having every door opened for you is really funny and other hotels just don't do it but in Dubai the people are so lovely, your not even allowed to push the button to the lift yourself its all done!!! The pool is really big and the constant supply of icy cold water and cocktails is well and truly needed as the heat is often well over 40degrees, the poolside bar is wicked and being able to stay in the pool whilst being served at the bar is a great idea!! The hotel has 27 restaurants i think, they are placed all over the hotel on different levels, they range from middle east, italian, USA and there is also a british pub just off reception! Alcohol is expensive but generally is in the middle east where ever you go. Next to Jumeirah is the outdoor water park, you have free entry if you stay at the hotel which has direct access so you can walk from the pool straight in!! is well worth a look. If i was to go to Dubai again would definately stop in Jumairah Beach again!	
Jan 29 2008 	Pricey to stay	Hotel magnificent but the increase in prices for restaurants etc had increased very dramatically from our previous visit just 15 months earlier	
Jan 29 2008 	Family hotel with major "WOW" factor	Not a lot to say about this hotel, except to point out that out of several hundred reviews, almost everyone raves about it, and believe me they are right.Service just out of this world, food is fantastic, wonderful beaches, and a great water park right on site. Would take this hotel over the Burj al Arab every time. Everyone just keeps smiling and asking how they can help you. How can some hotels (like this one) be so good, when others (read my other reviews) fall down so badly ? Absolutely nothing but praise for everything associated with the hotel, with one tiny exception. Photographers keep snapping away at you and at the end of your stay you get the opportunity to buy the prints. Two problems here. First, they are outrageously expensive. Second, at least half of the photos, including all the ones we really wanted to buy, either got lost, or just didn't come out. So the message is that it is best to make sure you take all your own pics and don't depend on the staff photographers.	
Jan 29 2008 	5 star hotel with extras!	Arrived at JBH; a bevy of valets (7+) were ready to serve...an indication of what JBH is all about - SERVICE! Wave shaped hotel, nautical theme carried to rooms (blue carpet, aqua motif in bathroom). Stayed in oceanview room - very soundproof and good sized room &amp; bath. MIx of guests - biz and vacationers. Along with standard 5 star features (Godiva choc's each night with turndown, fresh apples in room) here are some extras:EXTRAS: - free access to Wild Wadi (via private entrance with towel provided upon entry), free shuttles to/from shopping malls ( MOE &amp; G&amp;D Park - each hour beg @ 10am, to Ibn Battuta - every 2 hrs, approx 5x per day) NOTE: when shuttle didn't run to Ibn, they drove us in their private courtesy car (an Audi A8)., free amenities: beach bag, flip flops, sweatbands, bottles of water replenished daily, sunscreen SPF 15, lipbalm etc, golf cart to shuttle you to all Jum. properties (Madinat. J, Al Qasr, Burj Al Arab), free access to the Burj Al Arab (4-5:30pm, after 11pm -- had drinks at the Skyview bar - martini was $30CDN for ONE! hotel was a bit &quot;over the top&quot; for our tastes, returned late, so they brought us home in their courtesy car - Mercedes S350 vs the golf cart), free copy of TimeOut Dubai magazine - great for local events. Breakfast buffet is massive!! ( 5 different regional cuisines represented )SURPRISES: 2000 Dhms credit card pre-auth upon arrival, hairdryer affixed in top drawer of vanity OUTSIDE bathroom. Staff were amazing! Hotel really thought of everything we could have wanted / needed, would stay again but maybe @ the Madinet J - Mina A Salem property for ambiance.	
Jan 25 2008 	An Enjoyable Stay. Don't mention the weather...	Our first stay in Dubai. First impressions were good. Met at the airport and whizzed through check-in (part of the exec. room package I believe). Straight into a limo and driven to the hotel (approx 20mins from the airport). At hotel, taken up to 24th floor to the Exec club area where we were offered drinks/flannels etc. whilst checking in (remember your credit card for escrow whilst at the hotel - obviously nothing is charged to it until you check out, and even then you can use whatever form of payment you like).Room - spacious (50m sq), comfortable superking bed. Floor to ceiling windows overlooking sea/Burj/breakwater-marina. Cleaned twice daily, small presents left after 2nd clean. LCD screen, not too many decent english-speaking channels, but enough considering it's an expensive place to go just for tv!Food - really rather good throughout. Didn't have one bad meal. Did eat out a fair bit as well - Check out Zheng He's Chinese in the Madinat, Ashiana at Sherton Dubai Creek (Indian) and the meze at the Arabic restaurant in the JBH (ground floor) - still full from that now! Grovesnor House 44th floor was (for us) a let down. Burj was enjoyable, but not value for money by any means, although the Indian Elton John was interesting...Shopping - far too much on offer. Cheap taxi's help. Had 2 suits made by Royal Tailors (in JBH and Madinat Souk), excellent fit/finish - great price. The weather ruined what would otherwise have been a great holiday. But hey, not even those paying 7 Star prices could do anything about it. Going back around April time - possibly try the Dar Al Masayaf next time - much more peace and quiet as far smaller, but with same amenities on hand (part of the Madinat).Would I recommend the JBH? Most definately. I fail to see how anyone could have a bad experience at a hotel with such a good level of service.	
Jan 24 2008 	our favourite place	we have stayed here five times in the last three years and are due back easter 08. we love it, which is why we keep coming back. we have yet to find anywhere else that measures up to the standard of this hotel. we always receive excellent service. we are made to feel so welcome it is almost like coming home.	
Jan 21 2008 	What a hotel	Wow, thats all I could say when we arrived at the Jumeriah Beech.After the inital shock and the feeling of &quot;oh my god I am out of my depth here&quot; passed we totaly enjoyed the trip.My husband and I had 15 days in the Maldives and then we had 3 days here. What a contrast.It is so extravigant.What we liked about the Jumeriah was the fact that all walks of life visited the hotel. The rich and the traveler.It was amazing, waited on hand and foot.We visited the Burj and found that false. Every one trying to impress. So glad we picked the Jumeriah.Loads to do, the water park is great, the Jeep safari is a must and the gold centre is a must visit.So much to do so little time. Will be going back very soon.	
Jan 16 2008 	WOW!!!!	Sorry about the delay - new to this site.My wife and I stayed here for our Honeymoon.....OH MY GOD!!This place is fantastic, staff were friendly and always smiling and they all new my name. Room was huge with a fantastic view of the Burj al Arab and fantastic sun sets.The room service is cheap and fantastic - silver service for a hamburger is a must the best burger I have ever had.The morning buffet of world cuisine is awesome.The pool was fantastic and a great relief from the intense heat, we were taken to a sun lounger we wanted and towells laid out for us, after 5 mins staff walked around handing out fresh melon and ice flannels.The free entry into Wild Wadi water park is well worth the 1 minute walk, you recieve a wrist strap which is your currency throughout the park and it gets billed to your rooms so no need to carry cash brilliant.The concierge hailed brand new Mercs etc for us when we wanted to go anywhere and any fees we had to pay were cheap.The gold souks were intimidating at times and i would advise to sticking to the main stretch as the back streets are less populated............The dune safari was also amazing and a really eventfull themed night out without the cheese you get in USA and Europe.The shopping mall there is great even got a M and S for those Brits home sick.The highlight for us was having a meal in the Burj al Arab on the cantalever right at the top. Well worth the visit although you have to pay i believe if not eating...we had a 2 course meal and drinks in the restaurant and paid around £120 which for the views and tour of the hotel was well worth doing it once.... a bit posh for me to want to stay there but well worth the trip.Dubai is amazing and cant wait to go back for our aniversary, they appear to have taken all the best bits of tourism and picked out all the bad bits. I could not fault it except for the fact that I got lots of attention and my wife was not ignored but not recognised as I was.Very hot August time beach luxurious but very hot sand OUCH!!!! the sea was like walking into a hot bath but with fishes in.You need to experience this place to believe it....	
Jan 15 2008 	Great facilities/poor customer service and lack of language skills	Stayed there 4 nights , just came back and cann't wait to post my experience here. First impression was great, there are plenty of staff. We booked with the excecutive club which provides several addtional services as free high tea and happy hour. However, during check-in I noticed there are not much internal communiation between the staff as we been asked 3 times about the payment (it was arranged by our travel agent and we paid everything in advanced) by all different employees in 10 minutes time. Obviously it was not clear and they were checking. After 25 minutes of waiting we received our room keys but no feedback about the payment. Instead of they telling me it is alright, we have to check with them...The staff at the reception is arrogant and rude and I don&quot;t know why. We were asking about the airport transfer and without letting me finish my sentence that girl at the reception just point at the concierge, indicating that I have to ask at the concierge desk...It is simply rude not lettting the guest finish talking. Overall impression: great facilities and goodies everyday like chocolate, soaps etc. Poor service and staff not really friendly and sometimes even arrogant and rude. Most of the staff didn't really speak understandable English. All this for $ 800.00/ night. NOT REALLY WORTH THE MONEY!	
Jan 12 2008 	Simply the best	This was our second trip. Fantastic, wonderful, everything you need from a holiday. Must do the Marina Seafood Restaurant below the 360 bar. Take a buggy round to the neighboruning hotel and get the little boats to the Souk. Atmosphere, style, chic and pampered. A wee bit of fresh bling and flash cash about but we just kept our heads down, enjoyed the sun and wild wadi and loved every minute of it. Expensive. Premium Lesuire club worth the upgrade,	
Jan 3 2008 	lovely hotel	Stayed here for 4 nights in August 2007.I am sending this review a bit late.However the hotel is as good as it looks in photos.Service is good,Rooms are great,gym the best i have seen in a hotel,Beach is above average but it was too hot to use in august from 9 AM to 7 PM.Restaurants are plenty and food good.We went to wild wadi water park which is basically for kids and we had gone to Dubai without kids.In short this complex which includes madinat complex next door is basically for kids and families and next time we go which will be soon ,we are going with our kids.July to sept is too hot and not recommended time to visit.	
Jan 2 2008 	Simply the Best	Every one told me before I went here how good it would be....they Underestimated big time!The staff couldn't have been more helpful...and yet managed to avoid being 'in your face'The room was fabulous, serviced twice a day to the highest standard.The Water park on the complex was brilliant.We didn't bring our kids....but wished then we had as there was so much for them to do!TIP: Upgrade to Club Exec...its definitly worth it!	
Dec 29 2007	Love It!!	Have stayed in this hotel three times, all in premium leisure.It is a very large and busy hotel, with facilities to match. The roomsare large and well appointed with many extras. There is always fruit, a present each night and a gift to take away with you. Touches includesweat bands and a jogging map on the (free) water bottles, beach bags,flip flops and many, many more things.There are amny food choices within the hotel and if none suit (?) thena buggy ride will take you to the Madinat Jumeirah and the souk where many more are available. Food and drink though are very expensive and this is the main reason for us staying premium leisure as these are included in the lounge. During food presentations and happy hour the lounge is extremely busy and quite noisy.There is always a buggy available to take you to the lovely executive pool. The sunbeds are so comfy with the large pillows and the jacuzzisin the pool are great.One of the best things about the hotel though is the free entry to thewild wadi water park and Jumeirah guests get an exclusive hour in the morning so it is relatively quiet.All in all a great hotel, expensive but worth it for the extras.	
Dec 29 2007 	Luxury beyond belief	Where to start..... we booked the hotel welcome/car service for when we arrived in the airport in Dubai - this is a must. We arrived at 2am and we were met at the gate and whisked through the passport control (and you could not believe the queues here) - we were then met at baggage claim and then straight into a top of the range BMW straight to the hotel. Very impressive hotel. Very staightforward check in. Room luxurious ++++. Bathroom huge,bedroom very spacious, balcony lovely. Pillows were the best ever, really lovely bed, and the curtains are so good they do not let in a stream of light - so the room (even early morning) is pitch dark - completely relaxing. The unreal thing is that as big as the hotel is - the room is practically sound proof. I don't know how they manage it but we had no interruptions at all or were not woken up. 23 restaurants to choose from. Never stuck for choice (try La Parilla for steak). Private beach with sun beds, complimentary cold cloths, ice pops, etc. There is no need to leave the hotel! It has every facility imaginable.December - 30 degrees every day. Sea hotter than pool!I have absolutely no hesitation in recommending this hotel.	
Dec 27 2007 	Beautiful hotel let down by service lapses	The beach, the pools, the spa, the view of the Al Burg and the Gulf are all world class. The rooms are beautiful as well, especially a room, such as ours, with a balcony. We had, however, serious service lapses. We sent a fax to reschedule our arrival date and called to confirm that the hotel received the fax. Nonetheless, upon arrival we were told we owed for two very expensive nights that we hadn't been there. It took three days and several copies of the original fax mailed to the hotel to straighten things out. We never got an apology. That issue aside, much of the hotel staff was well-meaning, but lacked the training or language skills to answer questions about services at the hotel. We've had much more enjoyable stays at much less illustrious hotels.	
Dec 26 2007 	Beach perfection	What a wonderful weekend I had. Access to the Wild Wadi water park so easy, electric buggies to run you between the sister properties, access to Sky Bar at Burj Al Arab after 11pm - it all worked beautifully and with views of the Burj and very comfortable beds, this is the place to stay.	
Dec 17 2007 	great hotel but pool area dissappointing	as in previous reviews the jbh is great excellent rooms,service perfect and terrific restaraunts,having stayed here 3 times the last 2 have been dissappointing due to the swimming pool area far too crowded with not enough beds for the amount of guests and no space whatsoever around you the service also dissappointing in this area probaly due to the sheer amount of bodies .for the amount of rooms they have they really do need another pool area perhaps adults only would be an idea so those without kids could get some peace and quiet if they so desire.given the prices you pay at this hotel I really do think they have to look at this.	
Dec 4 2007 	Fantastic stay	Stayed here for 6 nights at the end of November with my wife and 2 yr old son. This was the most amazing holiday ever.Firstly it wasn't just the hotel, but the group of hotels, JB, Mina, Al Qasr that made the stay so special.With a child the JB was perfect very child friendly pools and right on the beach. We considered the Mina or Al Qasr but this was the rightchoice, just too much water at the other 2.The views of the Burj are of course fantastic, you can't help but keepglancing up at it from wherever you are, particularly when the helicopter is coming in to land.The family pool and kids pool are next door to each other and both have sloping entrances with rubber floor so that it is great for the nipper to wade around in safely. We were there at a great time, the climate was perfect although it wasa bit windy on 2 days which made it a bit parky coming out of the water esp in the shade. The pools and sea were both about 29c which was great.Our day mainly consisted of a lazy late breakfast in the colonnade restaurant, fantastic buffet spread. A couple of hours by the beach or pool and then lunch at one of the beach restaurants. Quick kip after lunch and then pool/beach again until the sun sets. Shower and change, then take a stroll along the harbour wall (or get a buggy if we were feeling lazy) to catch some amazing views. Dinner in the JB a couple of times, Carnevale (italian) was great on the romantic terrace. We mainly ate early and took junior with us, we had no problems getting a table.Although the restaurants in JB are great, for ambience you cannot beatgetting a buggy to Mina and then an Abra to say Pai Thai. When we did this the Abra captain took us right round the mina/souk/qasr complex, completely stunning. Pai Thai was great and the setting was out of this world.So in summary I would recommend (esp if with kids) to stay at JB but in the evening use the free buggy to go to the Mina and then take an Abra or walk from there and eat over there. We just took our son and he slept in his pushchair after eating the kids meal available at all restaurants.Only negative was on arrival (10am) hotel was full and no room available until 1pm, which is fine as we knew that would be the case, but after a night flight with a 2yr old we were like lucifer.Brilliant holiday.	
Nov 22 2007 	A great place!	I have just come back from Dubai after a 5 night stay at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. It is a large complex with over 22 different restaurants and bars. We tried a few of them including Uptown, Villa Beach, Beachcombers and 360. My favourite was the sunset chill out session at 360. Very hip! We had a balcony room that was probably decorated in the early 1990's, big grand furniture whereas I normally like a bit more modern interior. However, the bed was very comfy. Some of the grouting in the shower could do with a re-fresh (my only moan). Room service and cleaning was good, and it must be said that Jumeirah Beach is a nice hotel. The pool and beach areas are great and there are lot of staff to look after you. This is fantastic hotel if you have kids. The facilities for children were very impressive. Our room was over looking the Burg Al Arab and it looked stunning in the evening. The only real downside is that the hotel is expensive so make sure you save up in advance! A bottle of house wine will set you back about £30 (60 USD). We also visited Mina A'Salam and Madinat Jumeirah as there are plenty of bars, restaurants and shops to wonder about. I'm also happy to recommend Centimetro bar, a great spot in Souk Madinat. During our stay we wanted to eat at Pierchic but it was constantly fully booked and we couldn't even get anywhere near there to ask availability. The security service they have in place at Jumeirah is very tight, it was sometimes even impossible to get in to our own hotel.Dubai has so many hotels, one boasting to be better than the other. I've also seen Park Hyatt Dubai and it looks fantastic. I might try it there next time. Plus they have a great spa... The Barasti bar at the Le Meridien is fantastic - one place to go if you enjoy drinking and dancing on the beach! Momo's restaurant at the Mall of the Emirates was also great.	
Nov 19 2007	Fantastic as usual	Our third time to &quot;JBH&quot;, it always an absolute pleaseure to stay here, the whole package in Club Executive is quality, only criticism is a few ignorant NEW europeans starting to arrive but as its not &quot;All-inclusive&quot; its not too bad.We will go back next year where you are guaranteed a genuine warm welcome.	
Oct 30 2007 	Loved this hotel!	We arrived at this hotel after staying at the Oasis Beach for a few nights. This hotel was amazing! I cant quite imagine what the Burj would be like if this is such a high standard.The checkin staff are very efficient and the hotel is spotless.The rooms are large with great views, all have views of the sea from which you can see the burj and the wild wadi waterpark.One bonus with this hotel is the free entry to the waterpark for all those big kids (and we came across a few) its great! You also dont have to stay in there all day your free to wander between the hotel and the waterpark. We also loved the pool, the sunbeds in the pool were a great place to lay with a drink and your book, and again the staff are great. When your by your sunloungers they even came round to cool you down!A fantastic stay, were already looking at going back next year!	
Oct 21 2007 	Still as amazing and the best 4th time round and 8 years on	Having first visited the Jumeirah Beach Hotel on our honeymoon in 1999, whilst the Burj was still under construction, we have been back 3 times since and each time it really just gets better. Going back in Sept. 2007 with our little 18 month girl, we were as thrilled as before to see everything was as expected or better. The service is 2nd to none anywhere. The choice of food is beyond belief and amazing. We stayed in the Premium Leisure Club - which has free food for kids under 4 (or free ice cream as our little girl translated it) this time round and the dedicated check-in and breakfast facilities are great (as is the air conditioned limo trip from - and to - the airport complete with cool towels and cold water). The new executive pool is fab and no where near as busy as the main pool. The extra price for the Premium Leisure Club or Exec. Club is very much worth it. Dubai itself is an amazing city and if you want to be pampered and looked after as never before do not miss a trip to the JBH. With kids or without kids - it's just as amazing. Next trip being planned for 2009 - we're developing a habit of a trip back every 2 years - and without question will be staying again at the JBH.5 stars does not do the JBH justice.	
Oct 15 2007 	Fab short stay break	Stayed at Hotel for 3 nights. Lucky enough to get room pretty early. Mobile phone given so that reception can contact you when room available. Stayed during Ramadam so no beers until sunset. This was handy as drinks very expensive .Hotel room very large and lucky enough to have A Great view of Burj Al Arab. Lots of lovely Elemis freebies in bathroom.Hotel has caddy service that will take you there and as it is sister Hotel (no charge for entry, noramlly £30.00 pp if not staying at Jumeriah). Had a couple of drinks on 27 floor bar and luxury canapes cost around £28.00 but well worth it. Also caddy service will take you to next hotel, good selection of restaurants set alongside water.Good selection of restaurants (22).Service very good and staff very friendly.Would go back but only as stop over for a couple of days .	
Oct 15 2007 	Fantastic Holiday	A company outing of 13 men stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel for 3 nights 11th-14th October. What a fantastic place this is! Considering the size of our party, we were very well looked after as soon as we were picked up from the airport in one of the hotel's coaches. We booked our rooms under the &quot;Club Executive&quot; class and found this very worthwile. You have your own lounge for booking-in which serves free drinks from 5pm-7pm every night. You also have your own bar located on the ground floor which has a pool table &amp; terrace which (when we stayed) had a big screen set-up to show the rugby. As a Club Exec you also have your own pool complete with poolside bar which was used as often as possible! There are also added benefits of getting into places such as the club straight away. On the first day we hired one of the boats (along with a Captain &amp; 2 guides/waiters) which we found very worthwhile seeing all the sites &amp; both the old &amp; new parts of Dubai. The second day we went on the Desert Safari which was absolutley brilliant, great fun and finishes with food, drinks &amp; entertainment at a bredwin site. On the third day we all visited Wild Wadi water park (about a 30 second walk from the hotel) - hotel guests get the first hour (10-11am) to themselves in the park before everyone else is allowed in. I strongly advise taking advantage of this because it gets very busy after the first hour. We also went to the Burj (The big 7 star Sail Hotel as I called it) for a meal at the Skyline Restaurant which is pretty breathaking at night. The food was good but very expensive but service, like the Jumeirah Beach was second to none, even to the point where the waiters would stand near the table ready to help you staright away. The whole complex is just amasing and you really don't want to leave! Great for kids too, as a father I was very impressed with things like the way the lifeguards wouldn't take their eyes off the water.	
Oct 12 2007 	Superb Hotel	We stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel at the start of October for two nights. The hotel looks huge and imposing but acutally has a nice feel to it and has a spectacular lobby and atrium. As we found everywhere in Dubai, the staff at the hotel were polite and friendly, from the cleaning staff to the check in desk. There are lovely views of the Burj, particularly from the higher floors. The hotel has a number of freeform pools and don't worry if they seem a long way from the hotel as there buggies to ferry you back and forth. The room itself was one of the best I have stayed in. The toiletries provided were excellent quality and little touches such as the rubber duck were nice. The bed was huge and very comfortable. We had room service upon arrival after a long flight. It arrived very promptly with a lovely flower display and the food itself was excellent and not expensive given that it is a 5 star hotel.The hotel has a glass lift on the outside of the building which is great but does go very fast! We went during Ramadan and found that it had no negative impact on our holiday in any way. In fact it meant that shops and restaurants stayed open later in the evening which was great for late trips to the Malls.Dubai is notorious for the amount of building work taking place at present. However despite seeing loads on the drive from the ariport there was none at all visible from the hotel or the beach.We would definitely go back to Dubai again and would stay at the Jumeriah Beach.	
Oct 6 2007 	already booked nxt year	I went to dubai with my girlfriend for my 21st birthday and what a fantastic hotel you couldnt ask for more the food,staff,room,facilities are all excellent as soon as you step off the plane the heat hits you but thats the reason you go dubai n e way once you have your bag you are met by a hotel rep and your whisked away in a luxury car when you get to the hotel you are greeted and given a cold drink and your bags are taken to a holding room. Once you have checked in you have to wait for about an hour for your room which they contact you via Mobile fone to tell you its ready once you get to your room you will be blown away we were on the 20th floor so we had the most amazing view of the burj al arab and the gulf sea which never get boring to look at. The room is very spacious king size bed seperate living area excellent t.v and the bathroom is also very luxurious. We ate in the hotel every night and there is alot of choice quite ovious when theres 22 restaurants but it can be quite expensive so at lunch time we ate outside at the poolside bar and the varanda which do the best pizzas. The pools are great theres 3 to pick from plus the one in the wadi walla park which is another good bonus go on the really big slide it will put your heart in ur mouth. Now onto the beach which is nearly desserted because of the heat but it is paradise would beat any tropical country the sea is very warm aswel but doesnt matter makes a change so on the whole fantastic hoiday booked next year already cant wait to go back to JBH. P.S Go to the emirates mall and dune bashing safari excellent days out.	
Oct 2 2007 	So much to do at Jumeirah Beach	Brilliant experience and absolutely loved the wild wadi water park. Only here for 3 nights and we want to go back for a week!! Staff were suberp, attentive and so friendly and made so much difference, food was excellent and lots of choice which was brilliant. Many things to do besides the water park, and enjoyed early morning swims in the lap pool with noone else there. It was extremely hot and there were nice little extras like a delivery of ice lollies round the pool and the 'opportunity' to be sprayed with cold water should you wish. Excellent bus services to the local malls, really quite regular but taxis are reasonable if the bus time is not quite right.Went to the Burj al Arab for a visit which is a very worthwhile trip and even better if you manage to get there on a day when there is no haze!!!	
Sep 25 2007 	wow factor	This was one of a few return trips to the Jumeirah Beach for us, and probably the last. When the hotel was new in 1997 the 'WOW factor' was unbelievable - and the visitors mainly Arabs, Business Men and the odd tourist. When we took our children for the first time they were in the minority ! Hard to believe so much has changed in just a few years. It is the most amazing place, everything about it totally OTT in a way that only the Arabs can do so beautifully. The service is unbeatable, the choice of restaurants good, though they need to be booked well in advance. And the freebies (which I normally ingnore) in the bathrooms just the best. The whole experience is just fantastic, though the hotel appears to get busier and busier, and has not improved for that. On our last trip we had Executive Rooms, and it was nice to have use of the lounge - though the pre dinner drinks were somewhat of a scrum, not what you would want at such an elegant hotel. Still - the location, (you could make a day trip out of a visit to the Madinat - and another to the Wild Wadi) the views of the Burj, the excursions into the desert, the city trips all make for a fascinating holiday. The restaurants are not cheap, this really is not a place to try and have a cheap holiday. Don't miss an Abra trip up Dubai Creek, or the Dubai museum, and if you can manage it try some 4 x 4 dune bashing. We bought lovely rugs, though the bargaining was hard work !	
Sep 20 2007 	Best Holiday Ever!!	After reading reviews about this hotel from the day we booked it to the day we went, it truly did live up to its name!!My husband and I went on our own without our young children for a week end of July beginning of August. The Emirates flight is the bestwe have ever travelled with, food was fab! We touched down at 7.30am and it was 118 degrees. The moment we walked out of the doors to get in our Mercedes that was waiting for us, the hot air hits you! Our driver gave us a description of everything we passed, places of interest to visit. We thought he was really pleasant so when we arrived at the hotel, we tipped him, but got a funny look, so dont dothat!The concierge took care of all bags immediately and showed us to reception to check in. We were so overwhelmed with the hotel and all the gold and lights. We were still choked up from leaving the children that I think we could have cried!Reception took £600 off our credit card as a secure payment for our stay when we checked in. We didn't like the sound of this, but turned out to be OK. They told us our room wasn't ready (we were expecting this from reading your comments) and gave us a phone and a beach pass and showed us to the courtesy suite with 3 other couples sat having breakfast. We had been sat down for 15 mins and the phone rang to say our room was ready. So at 9.30am we were in our room on the 20th floor with our luggage! I was impressed!Room was great, very clean and the view! Well, again overwhelming with the Burj in full view and the Marina, Palm Islands and World Islands (just about!). There was an ironing board and iron, hairdryer, robes each, slippers each, complimentary JBH beach bag (very useful!), sewing kit. All the toiletries Dorothy Prentice - lovely stuff and when you're near empty, they give you another. Lip balms, we had 10 during our week stay, because we took them with us during the day, they gave us more! Body Lotion, Shower gel, shampoo, conditioner and Factor 15 sun lotion, which they replaced when you used it. Fresh water bottles and fruit daily.Quick change into shorts and off for a walk to explore. Once outside again that heat hits you! We walked along to the Marina and 360 to find out that they were closed for renervations - dissapointing, but didn't bother us. Then on the beach, took our flips off and immediately burned your feet! The beach is hot under your feet and the sea isn't any cooler, it is like stepping into a warm bath, so that doesn't cool you down either,but still nice! The best place to be we found was round the pool, that way you can sunbathe and take a dip in the nice cool pool when you feel like it or even swim to the pool bar for a cooling drink! There are lifeguards all over the place and every few minutes they swap round. We felt sorry for them in their uniforms they were hot. They were excellent though, didn't miss a thing, we saw one in action A family got chatting to some people at the pool bar and eventhough their 3 year old seemed to be a fairly confident swimmer on her back, was drifting out from them and they hadn't noticed, she turned over and couldn't swim on her front and went under. The lifeguard was in and straight to the parents and told them to keep an eye on her - she was fine.When I first read the comments about being sprayed with cold water while you're bathing, I thought they better not! But it isn't like that, they ask you and believe me in that heat, you need it - its great! The free ice lollies too are well refreshing! You sometimes get a cold face towel handed to you while you're bathing or walking around. All beach towels are provided, one for you to lie on and one to dry you with, chuck them in the towel bin and they will replace them with fresh if you need to. They will even set your loungers up for you and put up the parasol and position it for you if you like!You dont take cash anywhere, everything is charged to your room. You have to just sign a receipt with your room number and signature and you keep the pink bit to keep tags on how much you've spent. It sounded a bit much a first, but it is a lot easier than having cash on you. You dont have to worry about leaving belongings when you take a dip.The Wild Wadi is cool! We went on the doughnuts all the way round, didn't get off as you can get on and off this ride, but we stayed to the end on the lazy river. We also chanced the Jumeirah Sceirarah - never again! The very last dip, you lose your breath and it feels like you'll never breathe again and then you hit the water to slow you down, so then it feels like you're drowning! Good, but not for the fainthearted! Breakfast at Lattitude is fantastic! you can eat as much as you like from every nationality you can think of! And everything is made fresh in front of you from their many chefs - Keogh on the eggs was my favourite! Eating out - we liked the Go West best, the singers are good, the guy is brilliant! We ate in there 3 nights out of 7. The price was above average, so quite reasonable. We also ate in the Carnevale - Italian restaurant. We had two course each and a bottle of wine - beautiful food but a bit pricey it cost us £125, this was the most expensive one we had. We also enjoyed La Veranda on the beach, this is open air eating so you get quite warm, but they have fans going all the time. We ate in here twice, this is the cheapest one we had. We also gave the Dhow and Anchor (English pub) a go, not much choice in there, but was great food - average prices. Everyone says it is an expensive place to eat and drink. It is, but you really do get good quality food that is well worth the money you're paying. The real expense is the alcohol, they dont drink it so price goes up for us. But then again in that kind of atmosphere - 6* hotel, I think you should expect a bit more than your average costs. The hotel also has little buggies that will take you wherever you want on the complex or even to the neighbouring sister hotels. We decided one night to have a walk before dinner down to the Mina a Salam Hotel next door and eat in one of their restaurants - about 20 minutes along the path along the beach. When we were almost there we were so hot and drenched, that we decided to turn back and freshen up then go to a restaurant at our hotel. Buggies passed us on the way asking for a lift, we said no - now we know why they were stopping! So on the way back we got one and the air blowing at you while its moving is great! So you cant walk far!As guests of the JBH, you can visit the Jumeirah Sadinat Hotels next door and the Burj Al Arab. For the Burj though you can only visit certain times of the day - i think it was between 9-12am to go in the lobby only - 2-4 for lunch and evening for evening drinks. We opted for evening drinks, but we had to make a reservation, you cant just go wandering in. our table was booked for 10pm and she told us we had to spend a minimum of 250 dirhams each which is approx £60 - £70. We then received a confirmation fax from the Burj in our room later that day to say it was booked and not to take photos in the Sky View Bar only in the foyer. So that night about 9.30 we got a buggy to take us over, we had to show our fax at the security gate at the foot of the bridge before they let us pass. Once in, again, it was breathtaking! We clicked (once camera allowed after being in cold then hot - it didn't work and steamed the lense up - so be aware of this!). We filmed and took as many photos as we could while we waited in the lobby. We watched the fish and the water display (puts the Trafford Centre one to shame!). We then got the lift to the 27th floor which is the bit that sticks out at the back of the hotel and is suspended 300m from ground. There was a reservation desk who checked our confirmation and then we were shown to our seats and given canapes and a drinks menu while we listening to the singer. We had the Burj Champagne Cocktail - an inch deep and cost £23 a glass! We then had two shorts each and spent just over our 500 dirhams. We saw someone in the bar taking photos, so I got the camera out and our waitress - lovely Chinese lady - wanted it, I thought we were in trouble, but she wanted take a photo of us - she took quite a few which was really nice of her.We visited the Mall of the Emirates - wow, what a place that is - you could get lost on the 4 floors! If you have been in the Trafford Centre, it is about 5 times the size of that. Each designer has theirown shop in there! Prices are definitely cheaper. My husband bought a Diesel watch half the price he would have paid over here. There is a Zara, Next, Debenhams and M&amp;S! And dont miss the Mission Impossible Water Display outside where you wait for your courtesy bus from the hotel.My concern before we left was what to wear. The hotel itself during the day, outside you are fine with beachwear only all over the place and at the pool bar eating area, not sure about the outdoor restaurants you might have to put shorts on. Once inside the hotel, you need to put shorts and a top over your costumes and men a t-shirtor vest shirt with their shorts. You are OK with flip flips. From thepool area there is a basement where you can get in the lifts, so you dont really see guests in the reception area on the ground floor. Strappy tops for ladies are fine. we saw a few short skirts on the teenage girls and staff didn't seem to bother. Out of the hotel, we only went to neighbouring hotels and the Mall. I wantedto wear 3/4 pants with strappy top to go to the Mall, I wasn'tsure if I could bare shoulders outside, so I asked at the desk if I was to cover up, they said I looked lovely and to stay as I was, but to take a jacket as I will get cold! I didn't, I chanced it and what she weant was the aircon inside would be chilly, it wasn't, not when you're wandering around! The restaurants say on Casual Dress, Smart Dress, etc. eg. - Smart, I wore Linen Trousers and nice strappy top,husband wore trousers and shirt - no tie, never wears ties. we saw people in Go West wearing shorts and t-shirts, same at the Veranda, in fact some people had come straight off the beach in there. You could wear jeans in the casual places, but too hot for them!Well I think I have gone on long enough and covered everything. Wow!What more can I say - you'll love it!!	
Sep 13 2007 	Wow - fantastic hotel	We stayed at this amazing hotel 27th August - 2nd September for our 40th Wedding Anniversary. We just loved everything about the hotel and the Club Executive staff were exceptional. We had breakfast on 25th floor every day and the views are fabulous.The Executive Pool is lovely and lots of staff to cater for your every need. So clean, so many products in the room and bottles of water. Champagne and box of chocolates delivered to our room on our anniversary as well as lovely chocolate cake in Marine Restaurant. It was 105F when we were there but that didn't deter us from relaxing under the umbrella. One visit isn't enough and we will definitely be going back to the Jumeirah Beach Hotel.	
Sep 12 2007 	amazing definately has the wow factor	jumeirah beach hotel dubai sept 2007 tripadvisor member from boltonafter reading trip advisor reviews re this hotel and good reports from friends we were quite excited and hoped it would live up to expectations. well it surpassed all that and more the hotel was absoloutly fab should be more than 5 star our suite was beautiful loved the elemis toiletries and all the other goodies on offer We were treated like royalty, it was our friends 60th birthday whilst there and was greeted with champagne and a birthday cake in her room. Went to the burj for her birthday drink that was amazing although a little pricey but you expect that being asven star had meals at the mina salam hotel and the al qasuer hotel they to are beautiful had a lovely sail on the abra which connects these hotels. the staff at all of these hotels are a credit nothing is too much trouble I really could go on and on needless to say we are about to book for next year we cant wait roll on	
Sep 12 2007 	cant wait to return to JBH	Have just returned from JBH following a 10 night stay for my boyfriends 21st Birthday, and i cant wait to return next year.I have not one fault with this hotel it was an amazing holiday the food, service, people ,location was all perfect. Thats why we are returning next year as a holiday to the med would just not be the same nowBeing only 19 and 20 the evenings were a little quiet on things to do as we are not old enough to go to the clubs, however this did not really effect us as we would normally have a lovely meal (go west being our fav) then a evening walk where they will take your photos with the burj in the backgound we would then go to the ground floor to view the pictures followed by a cool drink in the lobby then up to the room for the 10 Oclock movie on the many tv channels.The pool and beach were both lovely however i found the beach to hot to spend the day on so we would spend most of days round the pool being cooled down with the free ice lollies, cold water spray and cold towels ect ect and of course the lovely pool which was well looked after by 5 lifeguards!!!we also went on the dune dinner safari which was amazing if not a little hot evening in the eve, however it was an amazing afternoon/evening firstly there is the dune bashing followed by a visit to the camel farm were there was a little baby camel only a few days old we then watched the sun set which was a amazing we then had a camel ride followed by two course buffet dinner which ok , i then has a henna done and watched the belly dancer, the evening was finished with some star watching.At 9 we made are way back to the jeeps all of about 25 cars. only to break down ten miniutes later and be struck in the desert for two hours however it as all fun and laughs and Hot!!!On the day we were going home i could have cried it was the most amazing holiday we had ever had and cant wait to return next year.pink honeyxx	
Sep 10 2007 	Fabulous Hotel Highly Recommended	My husband and I with our two children aged 21 mths and 8 yrs went to the JBH from the 21st - 31st August for our 10th Wedding Anniversary and we all had a fabulous time. We booked a Premium Leisure Room with all its extras which i found value for money, our room was very spacious and we had a lovely view of the Burj with a balcony, we did have afternoon tea on several occasions, but didnt have the evening drinks or canapes, only because we didnt have our evening meal until late. My husband and I went to the Burj for dinner on our wedding anniversary and they presented us with a lovely chocolate cake, which was lovely and very thoughtful of them. We have stayed in some lovely hotels in the past and i have to rate this one as the best, all the staff work very hard, and cant do enough for you, we thought the hotel was spotlessley clean, we had breakfast most mornings in the Beach Comber which we found very nice, we tried several mornings to get breakfast at the Latitude restaurant but had to queue for quite a while and walk miles to get your breakfast and we thought it was over priced for an evening meal. Sinbads was great for the kids, we used the babysitting service a few times and they were excellant. The exec pool was my favourite and it has a lovely kids pool, my husband dumped into Sir Stephen Redgrave which was nice. It was very hot about 47oc during the day but it didnt spoil our holiday, but i wouldnt go at that time of year again, but we will definately go back to the JBH again.	
Sep 8 2007 	The Best Hotel ever	This is the second time we have stayed in this hotel. It is a true five star+ hotel where customer service is the highest priorityWe paid the extra for the Executive floor as we had on the previous occaision and from the moment you step off the plane where you are met by a smartly turned out hotel rep who whisks you through the immigration (no queues) and into the waiting limo to take you to the hotel. (Mercedes or Audi A8) to the moment you leave by the same means, it is a relaxing, stress free experience.On arrival your bags go one way and you are taken to the exec lounge for cool drinks and to go though the reception process.The rooms are big and all have a grand view of the Arabian sea which you never get bored with, and of course the Burj Al Arab is in the view also.The exec package provides the usual facilities though the service is exceptional and it was nice that some of the staff remembered us from the previous visit a year earlier.Every part of the hotel is clean and well maintained with the Exec pool and beach very well staffed and they can't do enough for you.We will return a third time and i can highly recommend this hotel to all.	
Sep 7 2007 	Great Hotel	Stayed at the Jumeirah Beach for a week at the end of August.Flew with Virgin - overnight flight, service not excellent, will fly with emirates next time.We booked an Executive Room, we were met by a representative when we landed but not wisked through customs!!!!Bags were waiting for us - very impressed, ive had to wait 45mins for luggage before.Arrived at the hotel 7.30 am, reception very friendly, we were actually in our room by 8am as a smoking executive room was available, we took it even though we booked a non smoking room.Pool fantastic, beach great, it was 45c nearly everyday!! and still as hot and humid at night, but it was fine.One point i'd like to make is happy hour &amp; afternnon tea in the premium club lounge 24th floor, we are a married couple 27 &amp; 30 yrs old the waitresses although friendly would always serve business customers (dressed in suits) before us!! i noticed that a few times even if they had come in after us!!! i dont turn my nose up at anyone, i know it may sound silly!! but they must of been far more important!!! I must say the staff at breakfast were very friendly.Had a great meal in the english pub.Mina Salam have a fantastic chinese restaurant, food was amazing.Overall had a brilliant time and would go back.	
Sep 2 2007 	JUMEIRAH BEACH HOTEL - STILL GOT IT!!!!	JUMEIRAH BEACH HOTEL:- Just returned from 4 wks 2 bedsuite jbh &amp; 1 wk burj.Been coming to jbh for 6 yrs, since my son was 8. Still love jbh, staff, cleaners, beach butlers, restaurants, however now my son is just 14, we will be staying at the burj from now on. JBH is great for families and small children and i wouldn't have stayed anywhere eles when my son was younger. I wouldn't recommend jbh to couples or people without kids, go to the burj, or the one &amp; only. Quite a few guests have commented on PLC being oversold, i wouldn't know - never go in. Exec pool and beach still lovely, staff brilliant, great mix of people:- lebanese, german's, french, iranians, russians - this mix of different people from different backgounds is what we love about this hotel. We always eat in the hotel and sister hotels restaurants, yes they are expensive and wine is too, but so is every other 5 star hotel i've ever stayed in. Some reviews comment on the type of guest now staying at jbh, i can honestly say, i have not noticed, you still get your footballers/cricketer's- roger federer was there for 3 days, &amp; some very glam ladies - all at exec pool &amp; beach. I can't comment on the main pool and sinbads or PLC. We always have a 2 bedsuite, therefore PLC, is included , we choose not to use PLC, but i certainly wouldn't look down my nose at the people who do use the facilities!All in all we had a great 5 weeks away and are looking forward to christmas!!	
Sep 1 2007 	Super Hotel 100% recommended	just arrived from the jumeirah beach hotel. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, they remembered us and we were treated the best way. There was a little problem with out luggage when we arrived at our room, they needed approx. 2 hours to deliver our luggage to our rooms after making three phone calls.Apart from this our stay was fabulous, wild wadi is great and it opens one hour earlier for hotel guests to avoid waiting so much for the rides. We booked an Executive room, the executive lounge on 24th floor is great with the all day snacks and soft drinks. Every day chocolates on the bed, bottles of mineral water ... etc. The restaurants in the hotel are overpriced, so we always went out to eat in other restaurants which were much cheaper for sure. The pools and the beach are very good, the view of the Burj Al Arab is fantastic from the rooms. I would definately return to this hotel...	
Aug 26 2007 	An over rated hotel!	This is my 5th visit to Dubai over past 6 years. Having stayed at various 5 star hotels I would not rate Jumeirah Beach Hotel as an excellent hotel for a number of reasons. In short here are the positives and negatives:Positives:- Children kids club (Sinbad)- 4 or more large pools- Free access to Wild Wadi Water Park-Free access to Burj Al Arab Hotel, Mina As salam and Al Qasr- Free Abra boat ride within the compound- Complimentary shuttle service (most good hotels have this!)Negatives:- Most staff not genuinely friendly- Room service is slow- Mould in the shower- Cheap finish to bathroom i.e. normal tiles- Some restaurants do not allow children- Unhygienic bedding (hairs were found under the bed sheets)- Torn / stained pillow cases - Same type of food almost daily - Management didn’t seem bothered with customer’s concernsThis hotel is exaggerated and over rated by many. Last year I stayed at Le Royal Meridian and I found the service to be far better.	
Aug 26 2007 	Fantastic	Hi EveryoneJust returned from a week at JBH,what a great hotel.Emirates Flights:We arrived at Heathrow at about 5am for check in,i had checked in online so we were through check in very quickly we flew on an 777-300er aircraft we left 40mins late but the flight only took 6hrs-5mins.The service including the food and the ICE entertainment system was brilliant and very comfortable for economy.Flight back was on an older A320 aircraft into Gatwick and less comfortable also the service was only average, it left on time and took 7hrs both journeys were very smooth no dreaded Turbelance.Passport Control.We went through in about 20mins at Dubai,and our cases were offwhen we got to reclaim. Hotel Check in:The check in was very quick and our room was ready,they asked for my credit card and they put 3500 Dhrs on my account to cover all my bills.Room:Great room 3rd floor No 337 directly opposite the Burj great view at Night and in the morning,also a good view of Wild Wadi.The guy doing the cleaning was great and also left us water and chocs all the time,we did not use the turndown service at night.The room and bathroom was a great size.Resturants and Bars:Lattitude; Great Buffet Breakfasts.Dhow &amp; Anchor: Nice friendly bar/staff and a good Pub Menu .Go West: Great Food and menu, good for the Kids also live Music Duo who were quite good.La Pirrala : Very dissapointed with this venue,granted we went on Sunday so no music,but the menu was very small.The Steak was very good but the Vegatables were not.Price for a bottle of Rose was around £30 so i gave the wine a miss,resturant is overpriced and overated in my view. Carnevale:We changed from La Pirrala to this resturant for my wifes birthday bash and we were not dissappointed the menu was good and the atmosphere was brilliant and the staff singing happy birthday to my wife and giving her a chocolate cake great.Uptown Bar:Brilliant Cocktail Bar and the Staff (all Girls) were Brilliant and they remembered your name the next night,also sang happy birthday to my wife and gave some more cakes. Der Kheller:Great german beers and the best bar guy called &quot;Arnold &quot;in the Hotel also the Menu was good to.These are the only ones i Visited beacuse of the heat outside.Main Lobby: Great for Snacks and and a Quiet Drink at night.Pool:Great pool guys around the Pool and they set the beds and towels up for you a great service as were the bar guys,main pool layout was great,temp outside 45-48dgs every day took some getting used to.Tip: Take a facecloth from the room and get an ice bucket from the pool bar and leave the cloth in the ice,nice and cool on the head.One point i would like to make here is that there were loads of kids playing in the pool with no hats on and where were the parents sitting under umbrellas reading,worst offenders most from the UK. Wild Wadi:We did not use but it seemed to packed all the time.Emirates Mall.My wife dragged me round for few hours and she bought a few bitsall i got was an Aching Leg (LOL)Guest Relations:Brilliant.they delivered my flowers i requested on the correct dayand they were lovely ,my wife was in tears,all i got was Hayfever (LOL)Tipping:I tipped as and when i wanted,bearing in mind that the resturantsall charge you a 10% Managment and 10% service charge.The bell boys and cleaner and bar staff were tipped. Business Centre:I used this facility to check in Online for my return flight,theycharge you 2Dhrs per minute for the internet and for any paper used. Small Bad point:The lifts sometime took ages to arrive and some parents were missing when their kids were playing with the buttons All in All my wife and i enjoyed this hotel and would visit again next year,the service and staff were brilliant and very friendly.We used Destinology for this trip and had no problems.RegardsDaveyboy	
Aug 24 2007 	Excellent	Lives up to it's five star rating. Rooms, Food and Staff excellent. I used Virgin to book this but was ripped off on the Desert Excursion. Best to use the Hotel's own in house company for the desert excursion as they are half the price.	
Aug 22 2007 	Wonderful Holiday at JBH	Where do you start!We (myself, hubby, daughter and her friend 14Yr old girls) spent 9 days at the JBH. It was our first trip to Dubai, although I've been to Abu Dhabi a few years ago. I did a lot of research before booking this hotel and used TA for many recommendations. We had a wonderful holiday that went much too quickly. The heat takes a couple of days to get used to but not once did we think we couldn't cope with it. We flew with Air France, Man-CDG CDG-Dubai. We were slightly worried wether we would make our connection in Paris as we only had 1hr 20m, we needn't have worried as AF were excellent, time wise and very professional. We were met by the Jumeirah rep before immigration and taken through, I wouldn't say whisked through as we still had a 20 minute wait, the main queue wasn't much longer. We were then taken to 2 cars for the journey to the hotel. The driver was very informative and even though we were really tired from the night flight we listenend and looked around in awe at all the buildings and architecture. The arrival at the JBH was a little mixed up and we were ushered to the main reception, I asked why we were not taken to Exec or PL lounge to register, they looked slightly embarassed and quickly rushed us to the PL lounge. The lounge was heaving and there was nowhere to sit until one of the manager's came out and magically found some chairs and a table. We knew the rooms wouldn't be ready and had packed our beach/swim wear in our hand luggage. We had some breakfast, picked up the mobile phone for when the room was ready and headed down to the pool entrance to change, leave our bags in the lockers and have a look around. Wow .. the heat hits you. We had a look round the main pool which was very busy so decided we would go the Exec pool. I didn't realise it was quite a walk away (only 150m!) by the time we got there we were shattered. The brilliant pool attendants found us some beds, placed the towels and got us some water and cold flannels. We jumped in the cool beautiful water and smiled, we were on our hols in Dubai!! We had something to eat round the pool and the room was ready about 1.30pm, we were on the 15th floor and wow what a view. The room was spacious, extremely clean and well equipped we no sooner sat on the wonderful bed and we were asleep. We woke 2 hours later, unpacked, showered and headed for the PL lounge for a couple of drinks before our meal. It was as if we'd walked into a kids club, there were children running, shouting, spilling drinks everywhere, there were no tables again so we left and went to the main bar area which was wonderfully cool and calm. I won't bore you with further exact details but we loved the hotel, even though we think they have definately over sold the PL packages. The staff are a credit to the hotel and we had some amazing mealsLa Parilla Get a table by the dance floor to watch the showGo West Large portions and cheap and cheerfulEnglish Pub When you're in need of english foodAl Khayal Lebanese extraveganzer, wowCarnevale Italian - WOULDN'T recommend, very poor choiceLatitude OK for an easy mealZheng He's Mina Hotel very very good chinesePai Thai Al Qasr Hotel wonderful Thai, beautfiul hotelBurj afternoon tea with champagne - a must if you've never been in there, just disappointing I couldn't take a picture of all the cakes. (not allowed, to protect other clients)Went to Hard Rock Cafe but because you can't book, we turned up and would have had to wait 1.5hrs for a table so we decided against it and will try again next year.Had some great coctails in the 24th bar which was wonderfully relaxing. Had some wonderful coffees and drinks in the main lobby.We varied with where we took breakfast , Latitude was extremely busy, we tried PL lounge - no tables this time, we had it in our rooms which was really good. I must say the choice you have for breakfast is incredible, my husband even had curry!! My husband and I used the Exec Club once for breakfast which was much quieter and still a good assortment, my daughter etc had to fight her way into the PL lounge.We did the sundowner desert safari and had a really good time, we booked through Arabian adverntures in the Hotel. We paid extra to have the car to ourselves as they can take 6, so we didn't have to set off until 4.30pm meaning no rushing to get in from the beach and get ready. The dune driving was great fun even more so when 1 of the other cars got stuck and we all watched him be towed out. The ride on the camel was an experience, the shisha, again was a first for me. The food was quite good and the star gazing was wonderful.We hired a boat for a couple of hours from Art Marine at the JBH Marina and had a tour of Palm Island, and up and down the coast, really enjoyed it but were rather windswept when we got off.My daughter etc enjoyed the oxoon boats for hire from JBH and spent a few 20 minutes zipping about in the Marina.We went to Karama Souq, where I did some major haggling for 2 handbags for my daughter. Yes they're not real but were actually quite good fakes.Went to Mall of Emirates and IBN Buttata. We prefered IBN as Mall of Emirates seemed too much like home.Went to Gold and Diamond park where we purchased a wonderful diamond ring. The jewellers was Cara's who were recommended for quality and service.Went to Wild Wadi a few times, which is a real bonus when staying at the JBH, going in at 10am before the public enables you to have a go on the rides without queueing.Went numerous times to Madinat Souk for shops and cafe's etc, we loved it there, seemed more authentic than the malls.We preferred the beach and the exec pool, even though the beach seemed hotter, there was always a little breeze down by the waters edge, great for the sun tan. The beach attendants work so hard in the baking heat, placing towels, bringing iced cold towels, ice-lollies, even an ice water spray for your whole body! You must give them a tip, they work so hard.Our room boy was excellent and the room was kept spotless. I noticed a couple of things that were different from what I had expected or read about. The exotic fruit bowl was actually 3 grubby apples, there was no beach bag, towel shapes only 3 times during the stay and we were charged a few times for things out of the mini bar that we hadn't used. The only other negative thing I would have to mention for our family stay is that there is definately not enough for teenagers to do in the evenings. The PL lounge is not big enough or well equipped enough for teenagers, it is wonderful for a younger family but it didn't work for us. There were other people we spoke to, again with teenagers, that felt the same. I do hope they listen to their customers views and ideas and do something about it.I have read some previous reviews regarding the class of clientele at the JBH, I can see where they are coming from to a certain extent. It's just a shame that not all families respect other people are on their holidays and they don't own the place. Even my daughter was horrified by some of the rude unruly kids which the poor hotel staff can do nothing about. We were surpised how busy the hotel was and although we will most defiantely go back next year (or Al Qasr if I can persuade my hubby and daughter) I will need to look at my dates carefully.If in doubt - most definately book it!!	
Aug 20 2007 	What a place....want to go back already!	We were on a whistle stop tour of Dubai and Thailand and arrived in Dubai first for 3 nights! We flew over night from Manchester to Dubai with Emirates - the planed was packed but service ok!We were met at the airport and taken privately to the hotel, the heat hits you straight away and wouldn't like to take children away during July and August. On arriving at the Wave we were greeted by cold drinks, towels and a friendly smile! it was early in the morning therefore our rooms were not ready. We were given a mobile and taken up to a restaurant for a light breakfast and given a guide of the hotel. We had packed our swimsuits in the hand luggage so went down to the very good changing facilities and hit the pool. The pool men cannot do enough for you and the ice lollies are a welcome treat in the heat. The main pool is lovely and it is so safe with a lifeguard on every corner. Would feel very happy to bring my two small nieces here to swim. There were some leary 'cockneys' around the pool bar on some days who were rude to the extremely friendly staff and made it difficult to enjoy a nice afternoon cool drink - not the hotels fault though.The restaurants were all fantastic from the German Bier Keller to the Veranda, it was a shame we couldn't eat al fresco more, we tried it once and nearly fainted with the heat! The Uptown bar is great for a cool late evening drink with excellent service and amazing views of the Birj. The breakfast in BeachCombers was lovely and this seemed a lot less packed than the main restaurant inside. We took a bus one day to the Mall of Emirates and went skiing. Being skiing novices we were truly shown up by the kids whizzing around but enjoyed it all the same. It cost around £22 for 90 minutes ski-ing aand equipment. The mall is also well equipped for shopaholics or for those who just want a break from the heat.We took a golf buggy to the Maderat Hotel too one evening, it is very impressive but we didn't feel that it had the same atmosphere as the Jumeirah Beach and felt a bit stiffled. There is a good selection of bars and restuarants there too. The cuban bar doesn't let you in with sandles on though......why? My partner enjoyed the water park too, I had to drag him away at 29 years of age some days!Having then moved on to two 5 star hotels in Thailand after here neither of them lived up to this place and on arriving in Bangkok I wanted to go straight back there. I have told everyone I know to go there and can't recommend it enough just make sure you take lots of money with you and make the most of the happy hours in the bars. Oh yeah, the Mojitos are second to none and cheaper than the beer.	
Aug 19 2007 	Lovely experience in a wonderful setting	Wonderful service from the moment we stepped of the plane. We booked a Premium Leisure room which included Limo service from the airport. We were met as we stepped of the plane, escorted past the queues through immegration and helped to collect our luggage! What a start to our stay.We were upgraded to an Executive room and it was fantastic. As we'd arrived early in the morning, hours before check in time, we were worried about what we would do until our room was ready. We needn't have worried as they were fully prepared. They gave us breakfast, access to our luggage, a day pass to use the facilities and a mobile phone so that they could phone us when our room was ready. We'd only just relaxed on a sun lounger when they phoned to say that our rooms were ready!All the staff were attentive without making us feel uncomfortable, the service was quick and facilities better than we thought. We are already planning our return.Our only issue was that the bathroom was looking a bit 'tired' and could do with a re-vamp. There are plenty of towels (one of which is the biggest towel I've ever seen in the world) and fantastic freebies including sun lotion, mouthwash and lip balm. Enjoy your stay!	
Aug 19 2007 	Ocean Deluxe v Premium Leisure?	This was our second visit to the Jumeirah Beach Hotel - last year we stayed in the ordinary Ocean Deluxe room and we had a fantastic holiday, the room was great with impressive views of the Burj and the Marina, we used both the adults and the children's pools (my son was 9 years old last year) and of course the beach.We could not wait to go again this year and we intended to book the same type of room - only due to us leaving it too late there were no Ocean Deluxe Rooms available - only Preimum Leisure or rooms at the sisters hotels Mina A'Salam or Al Quasr. After long debates we decided to stay for a shorter holiday at our beloved Jumeirah Beach in a Premium Leisure room rather than for the 2 weeks in the sisters hotels - beeing worried that they would not match up with the Jumeirah. We thought that it could only be even better than the previous year and we were really looking forward to it! We also decided to fly Emirates instead of Virgin since we did not have a v good experience with them last year. The upgrade to Emirates was definately well worth it - the seats are lots more comfortable with more leg room and the food and service well superior than on Virgin.We arrived in Dubai early in the morning and indeed were wisked through customs by a Jumeirah representative - which was a nice touch. The entry to the hotel was made through a separate entrance to the Premium Leisure Club rather than the main lobby as last year. My first impressions were very good - even though we thought the Premium Leisure lounge was rather small compared to what we imagined. The same service applied as the previous year - we were given a mobile phone untill our rooms were ready - and this years we came prepared with swim suits in our hand luggage so off we went to the Executive Pool - that we did not sample last year. The pool is indeed very very nice - although beeing a fair stretch away from the hotel - so you really need to take a buggy to go there and come back since the walk in that heat can be quite a choir - especially with children.When the room was ready we could not wait to see it - and were very dissapointed to be offered a room on the first floor that was very dark in comparision to the one we had on a higher floor last year - not to mention that the view was of the adults pool and not the sea and the Burj - so we politely asked if they could change it for us. That was not a problem - we only had to wait a few more hours for a room to become available on the 20th floor - so off we went again - this time to Wild Wadi - since we could not be bothered to go back to the Executive Pool with it being so far away. Since the views from the rooms are one of the hotels stronghest points I would strongly recommend you ask from the begining for a room on a higher floor to avoid the dissapointment. There is absolutely no difference between the rooms in the Ocean Deluxe package and the Premium Leisure ones - the only extras come with the extra pool and beach access and the free buffets and &quot;Happy Hour&quot; - which I am afraid were our biggest dissapointments in this trip.The afternoon buffet is between 3 and 5 and consists of miniature sandwiches, quiche, scones and little cakes - and the evening one is between 6 and 8 and has hot and cold canapes, sushi, dim sum etc - if you are not a big eater (like me and my 10 year old son) you can actually fill up on these and rarely need to eat elsewhere - the only problems are that with these 2 buffets times beeing so close to each other - you will generally probably only go to one of them - and especially the evening one kinda cuts short your time on the beach or by the pool since you will have to come in at about 5ish and shower etc before you go there. That time is one of the best times to still be on the beach though - the heat dies down a bit and the sun goes down over the gulf which is quite beautifull. What I found most dissapointing is that the evening &quot;Happy Hour&quot; was that crowded that it resembled a cheap hotel in Spain rather than the elegant Jumeirah Beach that got to know and love so much last year. In fact the first night was that dissapointing that I went to have a word with a manager the following day. It was basically impossible to find a table to sit down - sometimes there was no staff around to help you finding one - since understandably enough everyone wanted to take full advantage of the 2 hours of free drinks, especially with alchool beeing so expensive in Dubai!!! So adults were trying to drink as much as they could and children were running around screaming - not the sophisticated relaxation lounge I had in mind!You can find that if you book the Executive Package - but that is for 18 years olds and over - they have a completely different lounge on the 24th floor where you can enjoy a cocktail while wathcing the sun go down! That was another dissapointment - since the friends we made at the pool were going to a completely different place for their &quot;Happy Hour&quot; and we could never enjoy our drinks together. The Executive Lounge on the 24th floor is very nice indeed and I think the hotel mamagement needs to create the same athmosphere for the Premium Leisure guests. Overall, the hotel standards seemed to have gone down a little from last year - for example last year we had a massive bowl of exotic fruit in our room that was changed every day - and we received a lovely box or arabic sweets on our arrival - this year the exotic fruits were replaced with a couple of apples and there were no sweets at all. Also last year the housekeeping people were leaving a little gift most nights for my son - we had none of that this year! The hotel was very very busy indeed - and the Preimum Leisure lounge was probably the bussiest - so some nights we did not even bother with it - and rather stay longer by the pool or on the beach and pay for a drink in the hotel bar wich was a lot quiter and more pleasant.I noticed a couple of points made in a previous review that I would like to comment on - the &quot;card&quot; that the kids receive on arrival does not entitle them to free food and drink in the restaurants - but 50% off and only in the Jumeirah restaurants - that are quite expensive - and in the Al Karama district (well worth a visit indeed) the reason the &quot;branded&quot; goods are so cheap its because they are copies and not originals! Sorry to dissapoint the gentlemen that thought he bougth a Lacoste t-shirt for £7!!!! We visited the Al Karama both last year and this year - and indeed they have upstairs rooms stacked to the ceilings with handbags, watches etc - and if you know what you are looking for you can find some very good copies indeed - be sure you bring the price down as much as you can and never pay what they ask for initially - in general you should be able to reduce it by around 50% from the initial price they tell you - it might be difficult at first but you soon get the hang of it ;-) Also go there with an open mind as what you are after might not be available but there are always alternatives! The Gold and Diamond centre is well worth a visit as well as Mall of the Emirates and especially the Snow Dome. The cabs are very cheap - only around £1-£2 to the Mall and the shopping there is great. You can also find places to eat a lot cheaper than the hotel restaurants and there is a wide selection of cafes and restaurants. Once place defiantely worth going to is the Madinat Jumeirah - it is absolutely beautifull at night, the water abras are such a fun way to travel and it has lots of shops and restaurants - again cheaper than in the Jumeirah Beach Hotel itself. Wild Wadi is great fun for children and adults alike and one of the main advantages of staying at Jumeirah Beach is that it is so close by, free for the hotel guests and most importantly opened only for the hotel guests between 10 and 11am. We struggled a bit to get up early in the mornings but it is well worth doing that and going there at 10 since there are absolutely no ques at all. The gates open for everyone at 11 and by 12ish they ques start to from everywhere and it gets absolutely PACKED!!!!All in all - we still love Dubai - it has everything for us and we will definately go again there next year. As for the difference in price to upgrade to Premium Leisure - personally neither me or my son think it is actually worth it - the hotels pools are very nice anyway - the beach is exactly the same - as for the free buffets? I found them to be too restrictive, if they were offered throughtout the day rather than at set hours it would have been a lot better since I prefer not be tied down by certain times when I can eat and drink - and if they sold half as many tickets so it could be less crowded - they maybe we would book that again - but for next year we will book Ocean Deluxe again - and so will have more spending money and less time restrictions. One thing I love about Dubai is that it is extremely safe and as a single mum with a young son I always felt very safe over there - going out and about to malls and even to the Al Karama district - which looks a bit dounting at first!Another slight dissapointment at the end of the holiday is that we expected to be wisked thorough the airport check in when we left in the same way we were wisked through customs when we arrived - but I am afraid that they just drop you in front of the airport and you have to do that by yourself - and going home is allways depressing enough - that is a service that they should certainly look into improving - and I have wrote a letter to the managment of the Premium Leisure with all these points.All in all I would recommend a visit to the Jumeirah Beach Hotel and I think the standard Ocean Deluxe package is better value for money than the Premium Leisure one. If anybody wants to ask me any questions I am happy to answer them :-)	
Aug 19 2007 	Dubai is the place and Jumeirah beach is the place to stay!!	This was our second trip back to Dubai/ Jumeirah Beach hotel this year having previously been there in April 07.We convinced my fiancée's parents to come with us for their first time and for their main summer holiday also. Having grown up in Dubai I knew how hot July/August can be and we were going at the end of July for 10 nights. Now my mother-in-law to be is pretty picky when it comes to her summer holiday and I didn't fancy getting lynched for getting the decision wrong - but instead they commented that it had been the best holiday they've ever been on.Sure the temperature was into the 40's every day but believe me that shouldn't put you off - the hotel is, as you'd expect, geared up for assisting their guests with the heat. My advice would be stay in the shade - you'll get your tan on the way to/from the bar and pool !!!As always we opted for the Club rooms which get you full breakfast in the mornings, afternoon tea/snacks and the best of all the Club pool - which is way less crowded and has better service than the main pool. Small tip if you are staying in a club room - but Lattitudes is often very busy in the mornings - if you go to the 25th floor you can take breakfast in the restaurant up there and there's never a queue when I've been.The one thing that we did this time round was to have dinner in the Burj al Arab - to be honest a real let down - the Burj is an awe inspiring hotel in it's decor but I felt let down by the average meal we had with a high price tag. You can't actually see anything other than your own reflection in the glass at night - best bet would be afternoon tea or an early cocktail to watch the sunset.All in all Dubai and the Jumeirah beach are simply put the best holiday destination we've been to and we've already got our next trip there scheduled for a few months time.Now I'm a regular person and I no way do I look down my nose at others but what may seem a slightly snobby note I do have to agree slighly with a previous review that the hotel does seem to be getting a little to acquainted with &quot;the ex-benidorm types&quot; !!If management from the hotel are reading this then please take my advice and remove you're hotel from the package holiday brochures in the UK. You're a 5 star hotel - you don't want to turn into a destination for the chavs.	
Aug 15 2007 	TOP HOTEL	Me and my Girlfriend stop here for ten days what an experience we stop in a ocean view dulax balcony room on the third floor the view from the balcony were all some we could see the seen star hotel from are room and the island of the world which they were building out from the sea. The hotel staff were very friendly and can’t do enough for you. While we were there it was my girlfriend birthday after going out and about in the day we came back to are room to her surprise there was a birthday cake and a bottle of champion on the table. They have got a swim up bar there a gym they also have little golf buggy that can take you free to other sister hotels next door or beach. they have Also got next door a wild wide water park which was amazing which we had free access to. I would recommend this hotel to any one and i will be going again next year. They also have a free shuttle bus to the mall of emeritus every 30 minutes which is one of the biggest shopping centers in Dubai.	
Aug 15 2007 	What a place!!	My husband and I stayed at the Jumeriah Beach for 3nights on honeymoon and what a time we had. We arrived at 7.30 am dreading the fact that we would have to wait until 2.00pm to check into our room. At the front desk they were really friendly and told us that they didn't think it would be too long. We were given a mobile and told that they would contact us as soon as it was ready. We were shown to a room where there were refreshments(Continental breakfast, fruit,newspapers etc). Within an hour we were contacted and kindly shown to our room.The facilities in the hotel are excellent, the gym particularly is amazing and worth a visit. We spent much of our time at the main pool where there was a swim up bar which served good cocktails and light bites. The pool was excellent especially lovely to sit and read a book in when it was really hot. We gained free entry into the Wadi Wadi and loved it!!We tried every ride and found that there was something for everyone. Like the hotel the Wadi Wadi was spotlessly clean and I'm really fussy about things like that. It was very safe and had the most lifeguards I have ever seen. There was literally one on every corner.The rooms were fantastic and really quite large. We were only in the standard rooms but it was great and we had a lovely view of the Burj.The room was serviced twice a day and had everything you could possibly need including a beach bag and sun lotion.At night the maid left little animals,chocolates and petals on our bed which made it very special. On our first night there was a bottle of champagne and a lovely chocolate cake. We were also invited to a cocktail party in the bar on the next night. We attended and had a good time. The barmen were great and a really good laugh. Everything was free which was great because alcohol in Dubai is expensive.The choice at breakfast was great, we always went to Beachcombers restaurant and found the quality of food and service excellent- one of the best breakfasts we have ever had. They are really child friendly for anyone who has kids!!We tried the marina restaurant which was also excellent -one of the best fish dishes I have ever had although it is horribly expensive but it was our honeymoon!!The hotel has a really nice intimate bar on the 24th floor .We had a few cocktails there and really enjoyed it much better than the Sky Bar at the Burj which everyone raves about and we found to be overpriced and had a horrible show off vibe to it. The manager is also quite rude-£8 for a tin of Guiness!!Overall we loved the Jumeriah Beach and probably one of the best hotels were have ever stayed in for its pure opulance, service and facilities!!Would recommend!!!	
Aug 14 2007 	JBH - Too much money not enough class?	Our family stay at the JBH last year was so good we rebooked to visit the following summer and looked forward to another great stay. This review talks mainly about the Premium Leisure aspect specifically.Having booked Premium Leisure we had exceptional service all the way from the airport, to being shown into to our lovely 1 bed suite which was on the Wadi side of the hotel and gave us great views of the Burj, Wadi and Dubai City. The staff at the hotel were very helpful and courteous and I got the feeling that nothing was too much trouble; much as it should be for a hotel of such a reputation and standard. So where’s the but…? Well, for the first week of our stay it was a perfect holiday, great service, Premium Leisure lounge busy but not overrun, Premium Leisure pool exclusive but comfortable and friendly and then around 21st/22nd July, it was if an EasyJet flight (a cheap airline company for you non Brits) had landed with a load of passengers destined for the “Costa del Chav”.At the Premium Leisure pool, mothers and daughters vied for attention of all around whilst flashing their false boobs, nails, dental work (insert key word) whilst the children played havoc blocking pool drain so that eating areas flooded, splashing anyone else who dared ventured into their “space” in the pool, took pool toys belonging to other children and were so abusive to the staff at the pool bar that eventually they refused to serve any child without an adult present. The PL pool area was very crowded and only emptied toward the end of the afternoon when the said clientele went back to their rooms to &quot;dress up&quot; and avail themselves of 2 hours of free drink at happy hour making the PL lounge busy and uncomfortable. The wait for Breakfast in Latitude was unacceptable (this for a table of 3) and once you got in there, some guests were walking around in skimpy beach wear. We even saw people without shoes/flip-flops. Frankly there are parts of the body that you don’t want to see when eating your muesli and toast; but we saw them all!So what has happened? Personally I think that the JBH have oversold the Exec or PL package in the peak months. Perhaps they have taken on more package holiday clients this year but whatever has happened the clientele is on the downhill slope and staff in the PL Lounge and Pool appear to be unwilling to deal with unruly children I guess for fear of upsetting their parents. Clearly “their” money is as good as mine and perhaps that’s good enough for the JBH, however whilst I think the hotel is a fantastic place to stay, I pay for a certain exclusiveness and I didn’t get it this time.	
Aug 14 2007 	My My My Jumeirah!	We had read all the reviews on TA &amp; were very much looking forward to our hols. However no reviews can describe the quality of the hotel &amp; Dubai itself.We flew with Emirates on the Saturday through the night flight. The outward flight was pretty good taking just over 6 hours. The only downside was that the plane was full to bursting &amp; it took 2 hours before we got a drink in our hands. Anyway after being fed &amp; watered (food good) Max, Soph &amp; Mummy (for a while) had a sleep. I entertained myself with Rocky Balboa &amp; Jack Daniels.On arriving in Dubai we were met &amp; fast tracked (!) by a Jumeirah representative. This meant we were first to the baggage collection; unfortunately it took nearly an hour to get our bags. The frustration of this &amp; all night travelling quickly melted away as (after making our presence known at the Jumeirah desk) we were whisked away to a luxury people carrier where our driver gave us a cold towel &amp; a bottle of cold water each – a million pound moment for pennies!The journey to the hotel was about half an hour, we didn’t go through the city because of the rush hour, but could make out the high rises &amp; cranes through the early morning haze. Then we saw it – The Wave! We had read, stared at photos &amp; dreamt about our home for the next 10 days since we made the booking in January &amp; now we were here!Check in was done over a leisurely breakfast in the Premium Leisure Club. (We would thoroughly recommend upgrading to Premium Leisure, we felt it was worth it). The lady who checked us in was very thorough &amp; everything was fully explained. Max &amp; Sophia got a goodie bag each including a pass which entitled them both to free food &amp; drink at all bars/restaurants during our stay (great bonus!). Our room wasn’t ready, so as stated in other reviews we were given a mobile phone to let us know when it would be. We changed into our swimming costumes (tip – leave in hand luggage or at the top of suitcase) &amp; entered “The Heat”! It was very hot, about 41 degrees every day, but to be honest we got used to it &amp; we were in &amp; out of the pool all the time. It was humid early in the morning &amp; in the evening. That meant we only ate alfresco once, but that was fine as the AC inside was very cool! Anyway back to our first morning, we had a dip in the children’s pool &amp; Sinbad’s club. A call came through after about an hour that our room was ready. We were taken up by the same lady who checked us in. Our room, 920 on the 9th floor was huge! There was a king size bed, a single bed, a cot, a sofa, a table &amp; chairs, desk &amp; chair &amp; a plasma. The view from the floor to ceiling gave a magnificent view of the pools, marina &amp; the Burj!After a quick look round Max decided we should go to the Wild Wadi Water Park! We visited here 5 times during our stay – its fantastic. We especially liked the family rings, the pirate themed children’s area &amp; the snake like water blasters (watch out for children armed with these!). Good times to visit are the first hour when its Jumeirah guests only &amp; at night when the park takes on a whole new floodlit excitement!The majority of our daytimes were spent at the excellent Executive Pool where the atmosphere was chilled to say the least. There was a fantastic interactive children’s pool alongside the main pool, where in the middle we enjoyed many a Pina Coloda at the Pool Bar. We had lunch here on some days; the food was nice including a very good children’s menu. The mainly Sri Lankan workforce at the Executive Pool were fantastically attentive without being in your face. There must have been a lifeguard for every person there as well. The Executive Pool was right on the beach &amp; after a quick dash through the hot sand the bath like water awaited – with the backdrop of the Burj – life is good!There is a plethora of food &amp; drink options. Our favourites being the Al Khayal; the Lebanese. We had 2 great nights in there. The choice of starters alone is amazing (Children’s menu is excellent). There is a belly dancer &amp; on our second visit our little girl Sophia got up &amp; danced with her. You must try the Shisha, we recommend the strawberry one. Our other fave restaurant was Beachcombers; this is a South-East Asian buffet. The choice again here is fantastic with a lot of the dishes cooked to order. There is a great children’s club here with videos, games, etc. The children’s buffet is also very good. Breakfast could be taken in a number of places including Latitude (like a Harvey Nichols food hall!), in your room (they even bring a toaster!) or our favourite Beachcombers, which was a bit more chilled out than Latitude. If you have upgraded to Premium Leisure there is high tea in the lounge from 3 til 5 every day with sandwiches &amp; scones etc. Then from 6 til 8 there is a “Happy Hour” with free alcoholic drinks &amp; a nice hot buffet including some excellent dim sum! Tea, coffee &amp; soft drinks are available all day free of charge. The lounge makes a great resting place from the sun &amp; as expected the kids are well looked after.If you can drag yourself away from the Jumeirah Paradise head for the Gold &amp; Diamond Park. There is a free bus laid on by the hotel &amp; you can pick all the duty free diamond rings etc in a nicely air conditioned centre. After that hail a taxi to the market area of Karama, which isn’t air conditioned but is a hot sticky collection of shops with a large variety of famous brand goods at discount prices. If you get asked to go to an upstairs room don’t be alarmed, go, as this is where they keep their best stock. I still can’t believe how they can sell Lacoste tee shirts at £7 when they are £60 in the shops?! The hotel also runs a free shuttle bus to the Mall of the Emirates where all the big names are present. There is a huge toyshop &amp; also the indoor ski slope, which is worth a look. All in all we had a fantastic holiday to Dubai &amp; in particular The Jumeirah Beach Hotel. So much so that we are planning a return visit with my wife’s parents next year! If you are considering this hotel – stop considering &amp; book it!	
Aug 13 2007 	Excellent ...again	Just returned from Dubai following our 10 night stay. having visited before and read the recent reviews i am a bit confused about the negative remarks. i have to say that if you want top class accomodation somewhere that is prepared to tolerate children this is the place. the hotel &amp; service is 5* all the way but be preapred to pay for it - everything is expensive - but in our oppinion worth it. the rooms are excellent and upgarding to the premium leisure club pays for itself. the only down side is the heat is August its absolutely blistering !the kids had a great time but if you want peace and quiet go elsewhere ! overall another great visit.	
Aug 13 2007	Wow Breathtaking	Wow!!!!!! What a great place to spend our Honeymoon!! After being married in Mauritius we decide to spend 5 days of our Honeymoon at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel! Booked the Club Executive Room, what a great decision we were treated to any non alchoholic drinks between 7am and 2am in the lounge on the 24th floor, we had full english breakfast between 7am and 11am on 25th floor which definately saved the hustle and bustle of queing which we saw quite regular on the ground floor. We had a happy hour between 5pm and 7pm which you could then have any alchoholic drinks and canapes before the bar actually pened for other guests at 7pm.... You could have as many bottles of water as you like with ice for room service and you could even have room service breakfast at no extra charge.... We had use of the Executive Pool which you shared with the Burj Al Arab guests, which was never as crowded as the other pool...... There was a free courtesy bus every hour to the Mall of the Emirates which only took 20 mins...FABULOUS!! Temperature was 43 degrees every day!! What a Brilliant Honeymoon we both had. Would we go back? ABSOLUTELY... We both cant wait to return next year......	
Aug 4 2007 	Fantastic!	What a fantastic start to our honeymoon we had at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel - Stunning! We were upgraded to a Executive Room with access to the executive pool for a small supplement, well worth the money. So much to do and so many restaurants to choose from! Loved every second. Would definitely go back.	
Aug 1 2007 	Nice place shame about the guests	Billed as &quot;Dubai's Premier Lifestyle Destination&quot; we decided this would be a good stop off, from our holiday in the Maldives, and give our children a chance to visit Wild Wadi. We had been warned by our travel agent that it may not be all we where expecting, but given it's &quot;5 Star&quot; status we ignored them, more fool us.Pulling up at the hotel we where escorted to the &quot;Executive Lounge&quot; given our personal check in, the children were handed the their Kids Club packs by our host who thought he must have been Father Christmas, as as soon as the packs where in their hands he was unnecassarily demanding a Thank you., before they had even had a chance to open their mouths. Shown to our room, and we felt we had to be suitably &quot;amazed&quot; at the TV which had internet access, the &quot;fantastic complimentary&quot; beach bag, hey we even got free water....The room itself was fine, the decor a little too bright/garish for my standards, but this is an international hotel so to be expected. I didn't expect the smell of damp or the obvious mould on the ceiling, but we where only there for 3 nights so I couldn't be bothered to ask for a change of rooms. Throughout our stay, the service we received from the staff was good, impersonal but good, when you closed the door you could really be in any international hotel anywhere in the world which isn't what I like, likewise we never saw/dealt with the same person twice during our stay with the exception of the room maid, who was exceptional.However, it isn't the hotel itself which was the problem I think it's , although it is within the hotels power to change it, it is the other guests. Each morning heading down to the (very extensive) breakfast we where greeted with rows of permatanned cropped haired ex-benidormites, in sandals, shorts and singlets tucking into their full English breakfasts, as they wouldn't eat that &quot;foreign muck&quot; the women draped in all their Elizabeth Duke jewelry, most of them discussing what they had bought the night before at the Mall of the Emirates, or what &quot;an amazing&quot; hotel this was.... In fact one guest summed it up, by saying that in the 7 days she had been here she &quot;had been to the water park every day and shopped every evening, and you wouldn't even know you where in an arab place now would you?&quot;, it was &quot;like Spain but not so crowded&quot;....The whole place just shouted cheap package tour, it even had a playstation area in the breakfast Latitude restaurant to &quot;keep the children amused&quot;, as obviously it is a little difficult to control/talk to your children in the morning, and which foolish mother that I am, I object to quite strongly.Would I stay their again?, if it was a stop off to visit the Water Park for a day maybe for anything longer than that then, at present, sorry no, it is slightly too tacky, and the clientele is sending it downwards rather than up, but it can easily be rectified if the management at Jumeirah has the nerve to do it.	
Jul 25 2007 	Sun Sea and Sand .... Fabulous	Spent 5 nights here in a club executive room. Very efficient meet and greet service.The room was similar to other hotel rooms around the world but had excellent views of the beach and the Burj al Arab hotel. The Wadi Wadi water park was fantastic and the staff here was wonderful. The hotel service was above average. Minor luggage delays/problems at the concierge on arrival.Security is tight and can be a bit annoying when constantly asked what room you are staying in when you try and get into an elevator.Brought my own laptop and found the free wireless internet facility at the executive lounge very useful. The Hotel provides a laptop for guests without their own laptop. The room TV internet was too slow to be of any use.Free soft drinks at the club executive lounge with canapes is a bonus when staying in a club exec room. The extra cost also gives the benefit of a quick and efficient check in/out service. Regular free shuttle buses from the hotel to the shopping Malls.Tried the &quot;The BIG BUS&quot; company for a hop on/hop off tour. The blue line is not recommended as the only role for this line seems to be picking up tourists from distant hotels. Also takes over 2 hours 45mins to complete, with really no sightseeing stops to speak off apart from a distant view of the Burj and the Mosque.Overall would recommend this hotel to travellers.	
Jul 22 2007 	Jumeirah Beach and Dubai	If you are reading this with a view to booking at this hotel, well i would say- DO ITjust remember a few things: in summer it gets VERY hot. it gets to the point where you would rather be inside than outside, a few steps leaves you drenched in sweat, you can't sit outside even at night and that is not really what you want from your holiday (even though the air conditioning is something of a marvel.) i would therfore highly reccomend visiting in the winter or spring. a good point is - no mosquitos!also please be aware that this is a muslim country- if your idea of a good holiday is to topless sunbathe by day and drink your own body weight by night, this is not the holiday for you. if you leave your resort complex in shorts and a strappy top, do not be surprised if you get some funny looks and hostile behaviour. alcohol is very expensive and only available within the resort- beware of restaurants (like the beachcombers on site restaurant) that give 'free' bottles of wine but make up for it by charging you £20 per head for a meal that is only worth £10. (also a good trick is to visit a local supermarket like the nearby carrefour and buy your own nibbles- a plate of nachos here costs about £7, can of pepsi, £2.50)those points aside, i cannot reccomend the hotel enough. the staff really cannot do enough for you and were much more pleasant and genuine than the staff at the much hyped burj-al-arab over the way. they will go above and beyond the call of duty to help you. the food within the restaurants is always delicious- you will never be disappointed. where else offers everything from stir fry noodles to made-to-order crepes- and this is just for breakfast!the decor and cleanliness is pristine, the beds the most comfortable i've ever slept in and the pool clean and well maintained. it was worth every penny.	
Jul 20 2007 	Nice hotel- soooo expensive	We stayed at the Jumeriah Beach for 4 nights. The hotel is lovely and the rooms are spacious and clean. However for what you are paying I would have expected a free pick up from the airport (after all they do have their coaches to do it). My main complaint is that all the hotel restaurants are so expensive. We ate their the first night after taking out another mortgage. And then took the buggy to the Medinat Jumeriah on the following 3 nights where the food is much more reasonable and is better quality. The drinks at Jumeriah are also so much more expensive. Go to Trader Vic's at the Medinat and you can get an explosive cocktail for £7.50!	
Jul 17 2007	Magical	My husband and I stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel in june 2007 for my 40th birthday, and my oh my what a beautiful hotel this is. We had a lovely suit on the 11th floor, big enough to throw a party!!! From the moment we arrived, my husband and I felt like royalties, nothing was too much for the staff and they made sure I had a fantastic birthday, bringing a cake and a bottle of bubbly to our room !! If you decide to go to Dubai, make sure you go on the safari desert trip as this is a truly magical day and evening, to the 4 wheel drive over the dunes, camel rides, lovely bbq, watching the sun set, to gazing up at the stars, very romatic I must say. We had a beautiful meal at the marina ( seafood) which the hotel booked for us, who must of also told them of my birthday, as another cake came out and everyone singing happy birthday, what a nice surprise and the icing on the cake...so to speak!! My husband went into the kitchen and picked the lobster of his choice, poor thing !! The meal was absolutley delicious, although a little on the expensive side, very much worth it. After our meal we went on up stairs to the open air bar, where we had a couple of drinks taking in the fantastic views of dubai. You can get the golf buggy to this restaurant which you will see lots of these during your stay. We did go to emirates mall, brought a few things but we found the prices were very much the same in the uk. We also went to the diamond park, where my husband brought me a lovely diamond for my birthday and this was alot cheaper than the uk!!!!We will for sure, return to this magical hotel when they have finished building in 2010, although it is finished at the Jumeirah resort, the city has a long way to go as they are building Dubai land !!! Cant wait to return	
Jul 12 2007 	wedding in dubai	we booked to travel to the jumeirah beach hotel on the 25jun07 -5nts for my sisters wedding.this was quite possibly the best hotel we have ever been stayed in .we had booked to stay in th prem leisure rooms but on arrival as our room wasnt ready for a few hours ,which we didnt mind at all and headed straight down to the pool ,we were then advised we had been upgraded to a junior club suite on the 15th floor this was completely unexpected as the staff had already made us feel extremely welcome .the room was beautiful and had an extended balcony giving panoramic views over the hotel pool and beach and also dubai city lifethe hotel grounds are lovely and very well kept ,we spent most of our time either on the beach ,which is clean and very spacious ,or in the family pool which had an adjacent kids club shaped like a boat with another pool this was great as it had a large canapy sheilding the children fom the sun,which was ideal as it was very hot and we had children with us ageing between 2-yrs old.there is another pool which mainly catered for adults we went in this pool once but prefered the family one,we also had access being a prem exec customer to the exec pool although it looked lovely we didnt go in, so i cant really comment.the restaurants on site are lovely we really enjoyed the beechcomber and le veranda but our favourite was the villa beach -fantastic food and service.we also ate at the tex mex,this restaurant wasnt up to the same standard as the other eateries ,food not brilliant and staff not as polite.there are buggies onsite to take you where ever you want these are also handy in the heat.i could go on and on about this hotel as it is fantastic with staff to match,and hopefully we wil be back very soonNEGATIVE: emirates airline,the only downfall of the holiday ,bad entertainment on board ,and it felt as though the staff were very much on autopilot and anything else above that was a hassle,wouldnt ideally fly with them again.	
Jul 2 2007 	Fantastic Hotel Quite Simply One Of The Best In Dubai	This was our second stay at the Jumeriah Beach Hotel, the first being 3 years ago. I am always hesitant about repeat visits to hotels in case we are disappointed and don't have as good a time as the first time. This cannot be said about JBH it was fantastic, and since our first visit things have only gotten better. If possible I would actually say that we enjoyed this holiday more than the first time we visited, and I didn't think that would be possible. We were upgraded to a balcony room, whilst we were grateful I actually prefer the normal deluxe room as the floor to ceiling windows on higher floors have much better views and I love lying in bed on an evening looking at the changing colours of the Burj Al Arab. We couldn't do this in the balcony room as the balcony blocked the view, that said it was still a fantastic room. I dare say we could have requested a change, but this would have been petty as the room was perfect. Everything you can possibly want or need is provided. It is the small touches that matter, the daily lip balm and sun tan lotion, the lovely Dororthy Prentice aromatherapy toiletries, slippers, etc I could go on but you get the picture. Towels are changed twice per day, chocolates are left on pillows and the music put on chillout for your return to bed on an evening. As repeat guests we were provided with a box of exquisite chocolates and a bottle of red wine, another nice touch.The pool is very busy, and beds are precious if you arrive later in the morning, but for early birds like us we never had a problem. The children's pool doesn't seem to be as busy which is a shame as I would prefer children to be in that pool and the main pool adults only, but that is probably as we don't have children! We went to the sister hotel the Madinat and ate at the Spanish restaurant La Hambra, this was fantastic, and the Mina Salam is well worth a visit, just to see the waterways. Guests also get free entry to Wild Wadi, and it is residents only between 10 am and 11 am.Shoppers paradise is 5 mins away at the Mall of the Emirates, this is where the ski slope is. There is a hotel shuttle but we got cabs there and back as it is only a couple of quid, and we didn't want to be restricted with the bus times. It was very hot when we arrived and got hotter every day, it was 104 degrees when we left, and the forecast was that it was only going to get hotter and the wind was decreasing. Without the chilled pool I think we would have needed to go back to the room early, as even in the shade the heat is intense and oppresive.The staff know how to keep customers happy and their motto is that their first response will never be NO, how true this is. The JBH isn't cheap, but let me tell you it is worth every last dirham. It is perfection, style, quality.Breakfast buffet is fantastic, one of the best I have been to, only rivaled by the Shangri La Hotel in Kowloon Hong Kong, in our humble opinion, however the buffet on an evening is not so good and we were very disappointed, this could have just been a bad night that we visited. On speaking to other guests we were informed that the evening buffet was standard, but the Mina Salam buffet in the sister hotel was far superior for exactly the same price, we never made it to give it a try, but we will next year.If your arrival gets you in too early to get access to your bedroom, fear not as the pool toilets are fantastic and have towels, showers, toiletries etc. My advice would be to pack swimming costumes in your hand luggage, get a couple of beach towels and lie round the pool/beach until your room is ready. No point in wasting a minute of your precious holiday.I only wish we could afford to go back again this year as next June seems a long way off.	
Jun 28 2007 	Standards Slipping?	For the last leg of our honeymoon we choose to return to this, our favourite hotel as we (thought) we knew what to expect and loved it 2 years ago.......what a dissapointment!Since our last stay in the Executive club, there has been refurbishment of the lobby restaurants, enlargement of the executive club and a new &quot;executive pool&quot; which we thought would gaurantee us a quieter environment away from the families for which this hotel is ideally suited.The executive pool, as nice as it is, is also accessed by Premium Leisure guests and so kids are just as prevelant as at the main pool which begs the question &quot;why bother&quot;? The Executive club has been enlarged in size threefold which although giving more room has meant service has slipped and it has lost its &quot;exclusiveness&quot;. During our last stay the daily &quot;happy hour&quot; meant as much free champagne as you liked and a large selection of canapes which meant that you could almost go without dinner! Unfortunatley, the hotel have obviously cottoned onto this and the fact that they can ride on their reputation for a while and happy hour now only offers free wine (must be ordered via the hostess as the bar is in a smoking area!) and a rather limited selection of &quot;nibbles&quot; no way near the quality we had come to expect last time.Service has also taken a turn for the worse. Staff were much less freindly than our previous visit and some looked almost glum. We were forced to change rooms after the first had a bed so squeaky it would not be allowed into a Travel lodge! Although our next room was up to the normal high standards, the first should not have been rented out in the first place and I felt that due to the high occupancy (1st week of the low rates before the REAL heat of the summer) and the late check ins, they were trying to get us in any room they could. Although we had visited before, nobody explained the Executive Club priveliges to us (later learned we should have had a concise check in and an information book) and so when I turned up for evening drinks in my open toe sandals I was frowned at and told &quot;you cant wear those sir, you must change&quot;...fair enough if we were told in advance but we weren'tAlthough not a bad hotel, it has definately become more popular with families and is not nearly as exclusive as it once was....great news for the spade and bucket brigade but not for us! Although the executive club meant that you used to be able to enjoy JB even if you didn't have kids, this no longer rings true and I wouldn't recommend this hotel unless you were travelling with the kids....try the Mina or Al Qasr next door	
Jun 25 2007 	Exellent Hotel Excellent Service	Hubby and I stayed at the Jumeirah 12-17th June 07. I could go on and on and on how great it was, but I shall try and summarise for easy reading - although it will be difficult to be brief (sorry)! We are a couple in our 30's and this is our review:-FLIGHT: Emirates (Economy) from Manchester. Great legroom &amp; inflight entertainment, but service and food not nearly as good as their reputation.TRANSFER: 30 mins by taxi (taxi drivers are so friendly).CHECK-IN: Check in is 2pm - and having arrived at 8.00 am we were given a mobile and were called when our room was ready (12.00 noon). On arrival we were shown to the a hospitality room (actually the Lebanese Restaurant on 1st floor) and could relax with drinks and continental breakfast. ROOM: FANTASTIC! Huge room with eveything you could ask for (and then some!). We had Deluxe Ocean View on 6th floor with a fab view of the pool, beach, Wadi park, marina and the Burj. Usual 5* touches; robes, slippers, 'nice toiletries, plasma tv (with lots of choice including music/CD selections!, mini bar (payable), ice bucket (filled daily), enormous and tmost comfortable bed ever - chocolates left on pillow every time we returned to our room in the evening! Daily newspaper left under door. Oh, shoe shine and complimentary beach bag too. FOOD/RESTAURANTS: You could not go hungry with the choice of eateries in the hotel - such a wide variety to tempt your pallet; Argentinian, Lebanese, German, Italian, Asian, Mediterranean and English to name just a few! . We loved Carnavele (Italian) and the Marina (seafood) restaurant - be warned - some may not consider it particularly cheap to eat at the hotel's restaurants (albeit excellent food) - we paid around £150 for dinner each night for 2 including wine. Each restaurant displays it's menu externally, so you can easily pre-select the restaurants you like and make reservations. (Be assured there are more cost effective eateries than the ones we chose!).During the day the pool bar (Ocean Blue) serves some lovely snack food - great sandwiches and salads (and a happy hour for beer late afternoon!).BARS: Service in the bars is a little slow, but hey, what's the rush? We visited The Apartment Nightclub under the hotel (preferential entry to JBH guests - show room card to bouncers) - it was 'interesting' ! The 360 Degrees chill out bar/club is on the roof of the Marina seafood restaurant is great - amazing views of the Jumeirah and Burj illuminated at night.BEACH: Lovelllllllly!! The white sand beach is kept immaculately clean. The beach butlers work so hard waiting on you with drinks, free lollies and free ice cream and even spray you with cold water to cool you down. A little bit craggy going into the sea, but once in, it is very, very warm and so beautifully clear. Hotel photographers are always in the sea, pool and grounds ready to take your picture if you like - always getting either the Jumeirah or the Burj in the background. Beach towels are provided so no need to bring your own. Loungers and shades are plentiful and well spaced - never crowded. Walk along beach was lovely.WEATHER: 43 Degrees every day!! It was very, very humid. We have never experienced heat like it - and we have been to some hot Caribbean locations. I am normally a sun queen, but it was far too stifling to lounge in for any longer than 15 min bursts. EXCURSIONS/SIGHTS: There is so much to see and do we didn't scratch the surface in our 4 days. The Wadi park is a must for all ages (free for JBH guests, just show room card). The Burj - well it goes without saying! Another MUST is visit the Mina a Salam hotel next door - it is beautiful. It's made up of 3 hotels in an Arabian village style - linked by waterways. Water taxi's transport you through the complex. Our 'taxi man' gave us a brilliant tour round showing us the suites/villas where all the celebrities have stayed. Shops/souks are plentiful here and there are tonnes of restaurants/bars too. It's a very beautiful, opulent hotel; more traditional Arabian style luxury - whereas the Jumeirah offers more contemporary luxury.Lots of trips offered through the Arabian Adventures office on the ground floor of the Jumeirah - pre-book as soon as you get there though, as some are very popular.GETTING AROUND: Nobody tends to walk a lot as it's too hot! Hotel buggies transport you around the complex and across to the Burj. The hotel also has shuttle buses which are free and run regularly to various places (including amongst others, the Emirates shopping mall/diamond park/souks and the Mina a Salam). HOTEL OVERVIEW: Great for couples, families, honeymooners -in fact - everyone! The service is exceptional, as are the staff - nothing is too much trouble and they seem genuinely interested in making your stay enjoyable. You don't even have to press for the lift - they have a man to do it for you! At the risk of sounding pretentious, the Jumeirah seems to attract nice clientele from every corner of the globe, which was really nice. Would we go back? ...... you bet !	
Jun 22 2007 	5* Luxury	Just arrived back in the UK from an 11 night stay at the JBH.Stayed from the 10th till the 21st of june and had simply a wonderful time.This has to be the best hotel i've ever stayed in and deserves its 5* status.This was our first time in Dubai and would recommend JBH to everyone who was thinking of a luxurious holiday.I was worried that june would be too hot to visit but it is still bearable with temps in the low to mid 40's.The staff do everything possible to keep you cool by bringing you cold towels to ice lollies and even will towel your sunbeds for you.We stayed in a ocean deluxe room with a balcony and that was well worth the extra due to being able to sit out on an evening watching the burj al arab change colours!Plus you also get to stay on a lower floor with the balcony rooms all being situated on the first 7 or 8 floors.Staff make you feel extremely welcome and are very polite nothing is too much trouble,though you kinda feel sorry for them working so hard in the extreme heat!we ate in La Veranda which has a beautiful setting outside on the beach which serves anything italian!quite cheap as well with meals costing around £30 for two.We also ate at Latitude which has a buffet service,breakfasts there are also fantastic!A good place to go for evening entertainment is go west with its american theme,they have regular singers and a lovely relaxed atmosphere!I couldnt fault this hotel and i cannot wait to visit again soon in the future.It has everything you could want out of a holiday and some fantastic shopping at the emirates mall.Free access to Wild Wadi is a nice touch also and well worth the visit.All in all a lovely holiday-enjoy!	
Jun 13 2007 	Fantastic Hotel - Book Now	We stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel on the first leg of our honeymoon in September 2006, (we went on to Taj Exotica, Maldives – review also on this site). The hotel is amazing, and truly worthy of its 5 stars. We travelled in by taxi from the airport, which took approx 30 minutes, check in was quick and painless and we were soon escorted to our room by customer service who explained all the room and hotel facilities, which was a great personal touch. We stayed for five nights in a deluxe room with balcony on a B&amp;B basis, the room was huge and had a great view of the hotel, beach and Burj. The choice of 22 bars and restaurants means that you are never stuck for choice, you can go elegant to the Argentinian, Mediterranean and Lebanese restaurants or go more casual in the Pizzeria, all food is excellently cooked and well presented. The 360 degree bar is a very chilled out area, and the drinks at the Cocktail bar on the 23/24 floor was great. You must visit the Burj whilst so close, just ask one of the buggies to drop you off, (they constantly travel around the hotel and with the heat and humidity are welcomed). The Burj is a magnificent building and even if you don’t wish to partake in a cocktail on the top floor, the entrance itself has to be seen with its giant wall fish tanks. We went up in the lift to the top floor and the view from the cocktail lounge was amazing and worth the extortionate price we paid for two cocktails.The pool area is great, lots of shaded area, with free ice lollies handed out, and a regular visit from the guy with what I can only describe as a super soaker to keep you cool in the intense Dubai heat. We spent an afternoon at Wild Wadi Waterpark which is on-site and free to hotel guests and an evening at the Emirates Mall, 10 minute taxi ride, which has everything you could think of including an indoor ski slope.The whole experience was fantastic, I ordered newspapers which were delivered promptly before breakfast each morning, and housekeeping tended to the room twice daily, my only niggle was that the receptionist on checkout let the excellent customer service that I had come to expect slip, and was quite rude. I would agree with the reviews that the restaurants are over priced, although comment that they are probably similar to what you would pay for fine dining in the UK, and it is mainly alcoholic drinks that tended to drive the bill up, but that is something that you must accept in this area.The brochure stated that this hotel was one of the ‘Leading hotels in the World’ and I would certainly agree with that, and we hope to return in the near future.	
Jun 13 2007	Nothing else will compare!	Just arrived back from the JBH after a weeks superb holiday. Stayed from the 3rd June to the 10th, Every review you read on this site detailing the JBH is spot on. It is quite simply the best hotel i have stayed in. You will not be able to fault the hotel in anyway. From the minute we arrived in Dubai Airport to departure we could not actually say one bad thing about the holiday.The staff at this hotel are amazing, the attentitive of everyone is to make your stay at the resort as peacefull and painless as possible, they liturly do everything for you. Its not OTT in anyway but just very friendly people who seem to love doing there job.If you can upgrade to the premium Exec or with kids premium Leisure its certiany woth the extra money, you get exclusive airport transfers, check in at a private desk, not the main desk whcih can be quite busy, complimentry breakfast in numerous resturants, afternoon buffett between, 3 - 5pm and evening buffet between 6 - 9 you could eatr enough between these time and not need anything else during the day. You can also access this Exec lounge anytime of the day for free tea, coffee and soft drinks. The evening buffet also consists of &quot;happy hour&quot; where you can be served alcohol. Us and two other couples had 3 bottles of champagne one evening, just by the staff topping our drinks up as soon as the glasses were nearly empty.You must try the resturants within the complex as there are some stunning places to eat, our favs were latitude and Beachcombers, we found both of these pretty reasonably prices, certianly a lot cheaper than home. Alcohol does bump the price up though, cheapest bottle of wine was about £30!The Burj is a must see, this hotel is something else, i found it just that bit OTT but very nice to go there for a drink and look over at the Palm and World developments.You must also get the golf buggys to neighbouring hotels, the Mina Salam is beautiful, its built on water and the only way around is by boats, which are all free to hop on and off.Weather - We landed at midnight and the heat knocked you back as you walked off the plane. Its very hot even at night.During the day you could autually sunbath from 07.30 until sunset at 19.30. it does get very hot but its certianly not unbearable - maybe July /Aug are?!?The sea is like sitting in a warm bath but very very salty. You will be absolutely spoilted by staying at this hotel and staying anywhere else will have to be something special to compare - Great hotel for celeb spotting too, we saw loads of footballers, actors, singers...	
Jun 11 2007 	Fantastic Hotel	Checking into JBH wasn't exactly great. I went with my 4 kids, 4 year old daughter and 2 year old triplets. We arrived at noon and were given our room at 3.30. That was the only bad thing about this trip. They gave us free lunch though. Stayed for 5 nights and we all enjoyed every second of it!! The triplets were only 2 years old but still stay they want to go &quot;in the sky to go to dubai and swim&quot;!! We are going this summer again for 7 nights. It's a brilliant hotel for families. Free shuttle service to the malls, free ice lollies by the pool, etc.. The rooms are very spacious and beds are extremely comfy. View from room was gorgeous. Staff extremely friendly. One of the guys by the pool offered to spray sunscreen oil on my back. It was windy that day and my 4 year old was standing next to me. The oil flew into my daughter's eyes and she started SCREAMING! She couldn't open her eyes for about 15 minutes and was freaking out. The staff were amazing. They called a doctor who came and checked her out. They told me not to worry and cleaned her eyes. She was perfectly fine after 15 minutes and jumped in the pool again. Kids club fabulous with a little water play area. Food was great. Wild Wadi excellent. You have access from the hotel and we kept going in and out! Can't complain about a thing.	
Jun 9 2007 	just book it - excellent	Like most, we travel around the world and therefore our hotel expectations are high. This hotel meet those expectations, it was excellent, a true 5 star+. The room itself was very comfortable, and as with all of us, you can come across issues with the comfort of beds and pillows, here we had no such issues. The full bathroom also has a great walk in shower. The beeches are well kepted, life guards at each one, which is ever so important if traveling with children. The hotel has an array of sport facilities tennis, watersports, golf driving (nets), gym, check the hotels web pages. All inclusive use of the adjacent Wild Wadi water park. If traveling as a couple, as we did, then we would recommend anyone to book at the executive club grade level. This gives you access to free inclusive airport transfers to and from the hotel, we received a VIP access, greet and meet within the terminal, then taken straight through fast lane at customs, this must have saved at least 30min, the limo picked us up right outside the exit doors, then a 25min ride to the hotel. Executive club area is on the 24th floor with excellent views over the beeches, marina, Burg Al Arab, and sea. The executive club includes free hot breakfast (on the 25th floor), and gives you access to all day drinks such as coffee, tea, soft drinks to include for snacks in the executive area. High tea between 3pm-5pm sandwiches, scones etc. Free alcoholic drinks between 5pm-7pm. The Mall of the Emirates is a 10mins bus ride from the hotel, transfers are included. The shopping was great you’ll need at least 2 days in this mall alone. A visit to the Burg Al Arab is a short bus ride away, again free transfers, check with the concierge re visiting and access times, it's worth a visit, remember access is free to hotel guests. Overall our visit to Dubai was such that we'll be returning later in the year. We booked the flights ourselves and booked the hotel via the web, we visited a few sites, but the best rates that we could find were at asiarooms.com, however we had just missed the booking deadline of within 2 days, in the end we booked with last minute.com, costs slightly more. Just remember one thing, the temperatures rising, Dubai’s hot summer weather’s just starting, when we left this week the average daily temp was 45 degree’s and rising. Saying that I enjoyed the heat, if you’re concerned about this, then visit September onwards. My only regret was that I couldn’t have stayed longer. Either way Enjoy.	
Jun 5 2007	The best hotel I have ever stayed in! Absolute Dream.	We (my boyfriend &amp; I) stayed at the hotel last year, and quite simply we cannot wait to go back which i hope to do so the beginning of next year. The staff at the hotel were freindly, ploite, and very helpful. Upon cheack in we were upgraded as they had a club room available for our stay, the room was beautiful 0 huge bed and fantastic views of the sea and the Burj. The whole environment was so clean from the room &amp; bathroom to the beach. Golf Buggys ferry you from the hotels sister hotels such as the Burj and Madinat. The breakfast was fabulous. All the restuarnts were great too. If you can then do go over to the Burj Al Arab for either a meal or a drink as is such a speactacular hotel. Wild Wadi was great fun and free to Jumeirah Beach hotel residents. I would highly reccoment this hotel - so many fantastic points that i cannot list them all. Event simple touches like chocolates on your pillow at the nightly turn down service. Definatley stay at this hotel you wont regret it!	
May 28 2007 	Faultless apart from lifts	Spent Xmas and New Year at JBH.Would highly recomend it. First time Ihave been it was almost faultless. Hotel restaurants were very good.Managed to spend £220 on a meal for 2 at La Parilla the Argentinian although £95 of that being on 2 bottles of wine.Other restaurants were more reasonable although the wine at £35+ per bottle throughout the hotel does tend to push your meal bills up. NewYear Gala dinner was mandatory at nearly £400 per head although all drinks and a bottle of Moet were included.Had a club exec room which gave us inclusive breakfast a few other perks and use of a private pool shared with the Burj. Hotel staff were very very friendly and always say hello first. The only very slight niggle was the lifts you can spend a lot of time waiting for them. At busy times they take an age to come this can be frustrating.especially since we were on the 17th floor.	
May 22 2007 	Truly amazing out of this world	We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in an upgraded room package which included breakfast on the 25th floor overlooking the gulf and use of the executive lounge for canapes and cocktails before dinner..Truly amazing.If you want to be treated well, in a luxurious yet tasteful hotel then dont think twice about the Jumeriah Beach. Just one thing this hotel should come with a warning 'no where else you stay will compare ever again!'	
May 20 2007 	The children didn't want to go home!	If you are looking for a family friendly hotel, this it.We have stayed in a few hotels in Dubai, and they were all fantastic and very good with the children but I found the Jumeirah Beach definitely catered for children.Depending what time of the day you arrive in Dubai will depend how long it will take to get there from the airport. You have to cross the creek and that in it self can take ages...not sure if you're aware of the Dubai traffic....so go the transfer if you can.Once you are at the Hotel, there is no reason to leave, as everything is catered for. Jumeirah Beach Hotel is attached to the Burj al Arab, Jumeirah Madinat and 'The Pavilion Sports Centre' so you are able to visit all three resorts via a buggy, for eg. the Six Sense Spa or High Tea at the Burj al Arab! :) The kids loved it.The Lobby is a bit like a train station, lots of people coming and going hence you will discover the security is high...not for bomb a threat but to monitor the flow of people and ensuring only guest are using the facilities i.e. pool/lift. Once you have been checked in (all Russians/English speaking receptionist) you will be escorted, to your room or to the Hospitality Room, which is situated on the first floor (via the glass elevator) if your room is not ready. As anticipated, our room was not ready, (we arrived mid morning) we were given a complimentary food/snack and drink - (no need for fizzy drinks when you can get freshly squeezed juice) and a mobile so they can contact you when your room is ready. This is probably when we had our first hick up on our trip. As we were checking in, my one year old son was not happy as he missed his morning sleep so I took him and one of my daughters for a reconnaissance to the out door areas - the Sinbad's Kids club. The humidity was 81% we didn't stay for too long and we discovered the other half of the family was already at the hospitality room which is on the '1st floor around to the right'...simple enough directions you can't go wrong...little did we know at the time that the Hospitality Room was in fact a Der Keller restaurant. After asking every one in the shops and 2 hotel staff where the Hospitality room was and receiving blank looks, I made my daughter run up and down the corridors looking for the rest of the family. We then had to go back down and ask at the reception desk where this Hospitality room was! By this time the reception area was full of people checking out! I think it was my sons crying that got the attention of one the attendants and we were promptly escorted up to the Hospitality room! I was by then rather frazzled and hot. The waiter was very attentive and did what he could to relieve me of my crying child. That night we received an apology note and a bottle of South American wine from the management! No we didn't complaint bitterly to management about the mishap.....this is a busy hotel and we still can't believe they noticed us. We had a standard room which gave you more space than the average hotel room. The rooms are not your square shaped rooms and the bathroom was rather spacious. Not that the interiors needs to be explained but they were nicely decorated in blues and beech wood with art work on the walls. Bathroom was stocked with complimentary bottled water, sun cream, Blistex and a Beach bag - fantastic as we didn't bring any of the above. If you misplaced the babys' sipper cup (like we did) don't worry, as there is a pharmacy on the 1st floor that seems to be well stocked...even a doctor! How do we know? We had to visit him but I'll tell you about that saga later! There is also a Hair salon for men and women, beauticians, fabric shop (more for suits or thobes), sunglasses, Electronic, etc. As for the architecture compared to Mina A'Salam, a beautiful hotel which has been designed with a more traditional Arabic feel (dark woods) catering for towards honeymooners, or couples who want peace and tranquility. Jumierah Beach Hotel is a very modern hotel that catered for families. In the way of 'extras', Jurmierah is the better choice for a family. Going forward a bit, as the midday sun was far too harsh for the children we decided come in from Wild Wadi and rest. On one particular day as the baby slept, my husband and daughter played cards at the &quot;Colonnade&quot; - in the lobby and I went to the Gold and Diamond Souq with daughter number 2. This is when things went down hill. It seems after munching on a ham sandwich at Palm Court one of the many restaurants located on the ground floor my husband health immediately turned for the worse hence the rest of our stayed was rather stressful me. This is when we discovered the pharmacy has a medic on hand who was rather sympathetic and treated the symptoms accordingly...few tablets and injection to slow down the vomiting and diarrhea. No cost to us. On our last night my husband had very little sleep and the prospect of having to get home via plane, with 3 children and a weak husband didn't excite me. I rang the Night Manager who was the first person that I came across at the hotel that was rude, curt, and unsympathetic to my situation. If I rang and blatantly yelled down the phone and blamed him for my husband food poisoning I would understand the defensive nature but all I was looking at is options i.e. a very late check out so my husband could try and recuperate. However once the night receptionist located him, he refused to give his name or position, (just what proper telephone editcit would call for in a man of his position). The telephone call was disappointing as he was treating me if I was bothering his social life...as he continued to conduct another conversation with another person while I tried to explain my predicament, and then he started to talk about taking samples! Hey back up! I'm just looking for an easy transition from what has been a wonderful holiday to getting home. He granted me a late check out, but it seemed that he didn't pass on the message to the reception desk. I would have liked to have spoken to the Director of Rooms or Guest Relation Manager but I simply had my hands full with packing and keeping the children happy.Our main aim for this holiday was to celebrate our daughters 6th Birthday at Wild Wadi, so going out to 'shop until you dropped' wasn't our plan but by the time we unpacked the midday sun was strong so we decided on going to the Mall of Emirates (400 shops from Harvey Nichols to your exclusive D&amp;G and of course the Indoor Skiing) This is when we notice that the Hotel was positioned in a good location. As we had already experienced the Dubai traffic on our previous trips we decided to stay away from Diera, Dubai's City's Centre and explore what was close by, the new Gold and Diamond souq and the Mall of Emirates. The Hotel offers shuttle buses to the Gold and Diamond souq and the mall of Emirates - they go every hour. If the times don't suit you can also take a taxi - 11.50 Dh one way to the Mall of the Emirates or 10Dh to the G&amp;D souq. Very affordable. One evening we decided to revisit the Souq Jumierah Madinat's indoor Souq that is attached to Jumierah Madinat. I think it is getting better. As long as it doesn't put in Mango or Next Store this place will retains its old Arabic charm that you don't see in any other Dubai Mall. This place has been build to reflect the Arabic heritage with its winding lanes that houses designers boutiques i.e. sparkling sequined thongs (flip flops or jingles to you New Zealanders), art galleries, Middle Eastern arts and crafts, beach fashion, i.e.Vilebrequin...love love this range of swim wear! carpets, fine jewellery, and Dr Taffi products. Depending on your company, re: children or adults, the place has waterfront restaurants and bars serving international cuisine or light snacks. There must be over 40 eating places in this area...even the spa has (correct me if I'm wrong) 4 restaurants! If you are an Australian 'Dome' coffee has it's own store inside the souq. There is also a Theatre inside the souq. May I suggest taking a shuttle bus there and then an abra (boats that putt quietly around the man made canals within Jumeirah Madinat hotel - this mode of transport is only offered to those who are staying at any of the three resorts) and buggy back...seeing the Burj al Arab at night lit up in different colours is wonderful, my girls loved to guess the next colour! Wild Wadi - was the real reason why we were there, it was fantastic! If you are staying at any of the 3 hotels you get in for free and 1 hour earlier than the general public and you can come and go as many times as you like. We had our complimentary beach bag, sun cream and Blistex from the room, towels were given to you as you entered, no need for money as you can either credit everything back to your room except for the real coconut milk drink, or if you want to control you expenditure place money on your wrist band as you are entering the water park and credit everything off your wrist band. Other than rides there are also food, drinks and a collection of retail shops, and photos shop. No need to take a camera as there are photographers that walk around and take photos that you can later buy . They keep the photos for 3 days before deleting them. Cost: 60 dh for the first 6x8 photo ordered then a discounted price for any after that. I did notice they always tried to get the Burj in the background or the modern facade of the Jurierah Beach resort...a bit of advertising when you go home to show off the pictures. Wild Wadi is a waterpark that has rides and slides that range from relaxing to just plain scary! Just a hint, if your child is under 110cm tall they may miss out on a few rides but there is still things they can enjoy especially the 'Kids Fun Park designed for families with small children. It's got a giant splashing bucket, slides, water guns and water games. Other activities there was Jumeirah Sceirah where you plunge an incredible 27m apparently hitting a top speed of over 80kph along the way...my fearless 8yr old daughter loved it and went back for more! Family Master Blaster is a ride for the family where you jump into a big ring where high powdered water jets take you up on a roller coaster ride...I saw families take baby babies up on this ride. For those teenagers or surfers, there is Wipeout and Riptide. This is good for body boarding, knee boarding, or surfing...be aware that this is popular so there is a line up and lots of people watching! The Wave Pool is the place we saw the life guards at there busiest! We were most impress at there attentativeness and response. To give an example, the Wave Pool horn went off so everyone knew that the pool was going to change from a calm pool to the sea where the pool creates a variety of wave patterns. Most people were sensible and put on their life jackets but even they don't prepare you for what lies ahead. A mother and child where half way out, child begins to cry, whistle number 1 from the life guard and he tells her to go back, mother herself realizes she is out of her depth and begins to panic, whistle number 2, by this stage the attention of the other life guards around has taken notice of the situation as the mother was now being helped by other family members that was making the situation worst, whistle number 3, a life guard from the shore, dived in a saved the mother and child. To this day I get tingles thinking about it. On our first visit their response was much quicker. Another mother and child, this time with out life jackets suddenly found themselves out of their depth whistle was blown 3 times simultaneously and the life guard was diving in from the side. The whole theme park is crawling with life guards. At times I thought it was excessive, but when you are a mother of three it is difficult to keep an eye on all three so I had a sense of security that someone was looking out for them. Also I have to congratulate all the staff at Wild Wadi. In that heat - 41 degrees, 80% humidity they remained attentative, hospitalable, and very friendly...how many times did I hear people ask: Where are you from? How long have you worked here? Have you saved anyone? Blah blah.... Other than the horrible Night Duty Manager the place was perfect. So between the 3 resorts there is always something to do...even a running track, not that I tried that out!EKKKK too much information I can hear you say!	
May 20 2007 	Everything big....	A big hotel with big style and lots of people, Service was very good, prompt and polite and the staff friendly, all are instructed to say hello to you before you do to them and it works! We ate in several different restaurants and found all of them to offer good quality food albeit on the expensive side. The common areas are on the small side compared with the overall scale of the hotel which can make things feel a bit crammped at busy times but the hotel is on a large enough plot to escape when you want to.The room was very spacious with a large seating area, huge bathroom and all the comforts you need in the way of toiletries, towels etc. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've stayed in in a hotel. Opening the curtains in the morning to reveal the view of the Burj hotel opposite was amazing.Plenty of swimming pools and seating areas although I would comment that there werent enough sun shades for those of us who like to hide away in the big heat and dont want to reserve sunbeds early in the day!My favourite touch was each night during the turndown service the staff made an animal out of towels and placed it on the bed, I would return if I was looking for a big resort style hotel.	
May 16 2007	Superb	This hotel is amazing. We stayed in the hotel for 11 nights in a suite before moving on to the Burj Al Arab.The suite was huge and the balcony was outstanding with views of the water park and the ocean.The staff could not be any more helpful - they are friendly and will do anything to make the guest happy.The Club Executive lounge and facilities were a nice touch and the executive pool is in a nice area with excellent staff.The Villa Beach Resturant is the best resturant I have ever been to. The food and the service were out of this world and when we return we will definately eat there again.The whole hotel is perfectly designed and presented.Overall the best holiday I have ever had!	
May 15 2007 	The Best Hotel We've Stayed In	We've been fortunate enough to stay in a number of 5-star hotels around the world and the JBH ranks as the very best. The location is spectacular, the hotel, pools &amp; beaches are immaculately clean. The staff are extremely courteous and friendly. It's certainly not cheap but you definately get what you pay for &amp; I would thoroughly recommend this hotel without hesitation.	
May 9 2007 	Fantastic Experience!!!	I stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel for 5 nights at the end of April with my auntie and my mum - what an experience. I know that it was very expensive to stay there but it was the trip of a lifetime. Breakfasting on the beach at Beachcombers looking out over the Burj, swimming in the sea that was so clear and so warm, lying on the &quot;fatboy&quot; beanbags at the waters edge watching the sunset, that warm sun on your skin. They brought you ice lollies, cold flannels and cucumber on the beach but the best bit was when they came round with the ice water sprayers to cool you off. The rooms were luxurious and every night our beds were turned down and a towel animal was there for us on our return and a chocolate on our pillow. I could go on and on. Every day was just a new experience for me and there were lots we didn't do. Wild Wadi looked fab and I know that my son would have enjoyed that, so I'm planning my next trip - I know it will be worth it!!!!	
May 5 2007 	THE most spectacular location view and hotel	Stayed at this magnificent Hotel in November 2005 with my Mum on the way to Egypt from Australia. The facilities were just fantastic. Our room was spacious and well appointed. Bathroom with a bath and seperate shower. Free internet. We were lucky enough to have a room with a balcony. I recommend you request one when you book. The staff especially the conciege were always willing to assist us with tour bookings or have a chat about what we planned to do or what we had done.We had breakfast every morning at Beachcombers overlooking the white sand, the Arabian Sea and the truly magnificent Burg al Arab Hotel. Such an amazing building no matter what time of the day or night it mesmerises you. It is forever changing with the rising and going down of the sun.Swimming in the Arabian Sea under the Burg al Arab was wonderful as was swimming in the huge pool and treating ourselves to a cocktail at the swim up bar.We took a trip in the desert by 4 wheel drive with a tour and had dinner in a bedowin camp. A great night, great food and great company with tourists from all over the world. Flushing toilets too!!! The only thing I would say is that the belly dancing went on a bit long. At the end of the night they turned all the lights off and we all laid down to view the stars. Amazingly we observed a shooting star in a sky that was black with bright stars all over it! Breathtaking!I would recommend Jumeirah Beach Hotel to anyone wanting a luxurrious and special place to stay out of the heart of Dubai city but well within reach of it by cab. It is quite pricey but if you can splurge you will never regret it. Remember we only live once and this is a once in a lifetime luxury you just can't miss!Loved Dubai! Can't wait to go back.	
Apr 24 2007	As great as ever	Stayed for two nights while passing through Dubai recently. Great hotel - as good as ever - wonderful gardens and grounds and space to hide way if you want peace and quiet. Best of all - the staff - one of their maxims is 'the first answer to a guest must never be no...' Great hotel - Can't recommend highly enough	
Apr 22 2007 	Third-rate don't bother	I do not recommend the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. Having just spent nine nights there (April 2007), I am pleased to be home. I should have taken the demand to pay 100% of the holiday up-front as a warning signal. Check-in was a fiasco. We had booked for nine nights, but the hotel had us down for two (and later in the holiday tried to check us out three days early). Having booked four months in advance with a need for two adjoining rooms, we found our family in rooms at opposite ends of a long corridor. The hotel agreed to move us the next night, asking us to “not unpack”, effectively delaying the start of our holiday by 24 hours. New rooms weren’t ready until the evening of the next day, and we had to request two extra beds for our children four times.Food was fine in most of the restaurants, but more expensive than in neighbouring hotels with better settings (e.g. hotels that didn’t have scores of plastic sun-loungers cramped together like JBH). Curiously for such a badly managed hotel, most of the staff were excellent, in particular those on the beach and at the Sinbad’s club.One final point: during our stay the hotel took extra authorizations on our credit card as our spending levels rose. I’ve only ever experienced this in the cheapest of hotels before, and certainly never in one purporting to be five star. Their lack of trust in their customer’s ability to pay was insulting. Overall the JBH hotel felt trashy.	
Apr 18 2007 	Class JBH	Stayed in the JBH in December 2007 - this is 5th Hotel I have stayed in Dubai after the after the Fairmont, Hilton Dubai Creek, Jebel Ali and Mina Salam - and must rate up with the Mina Salam as one of the best.JBH certainly isn't cheap, but like most things in life you get what you pay for. We had a large room that overlooked the Al Burj.Check-in was the only negative point - arriving early we were told check in would be 14:00 - they gave us a mobile phone and said to expect a call when the room as ready - this call came, but not till nearly 15:00 --- however wine and chocolates in our room to apologies were a nice touch ---- again like most things in life you get what you pay for.Ate in 3 restaurants - The UK Pub, the beachfront and also at the Wild Western - all the food was excellent - although buffet breakfast was a bit of a scum - use those elbows! Ice creams on the beach were a nice touch that I could get used to.Would definetly stay here again.	
Apr 13 2007 	Wonderful hotel	Have just returned from a 7 night stay at the JBH. This was our firstvisit to Dubai and was for my husband's 50th birthday. We took our 13year old daughter with us. None of us have been able to fault the hotel, room, food, staff etc were all of a very high standard. Check in at 2 o'clock in the morning took about 5 minutes and check out wasequally easy. We booked a Premium Leisure room so we had complimentary afternoon tea each day between 3-5pm and then hot &amp; cold canapes and as much wine/beer as you wanted between 6-8pm. Wonderful breakfasts served including Chinese, Japanese, Arabian and everying inbetween. Again staff attitude was very friendly and helpful, and food and service of high standard. On hubby's birthday he was given a bottle of bubbly and choccy cake. Each evening there would be chocs or soap left on the pillows, together with a differenttowel animal each night. Would recommend being met at the airport by the hotel as they fastrack you through customs and straight out to a waiting car.We tried several restaurants in the hotel, all were very good but prices in line with a decent London restaurant. On hubby's birthday we had dinner at the Burj, in the Al Mahara, again food very good but approx £150 a head for 5 course meal with wine and water. The JBHis definitely nicer to stay in.Excursions driving over sand dunes are good fun, especially if you have a child with you. Beach lovely and were always shown to available sunbeds. Quite breezythis week and quite a lot of jelly fish had been blown in, which keptus out of the sea for a couple of days, but swimming pools fine.Hadn't been too sure about how to dress before we went, but found it not a lot different to at home. Shorts, tshirts and sundresses acceptable in most places including shopping malls and excursions. Just the restaurants that tend to be more formal.We will definitely go back to the JBH in the future.	
Apr 6 2007 	not upto 5*	Just returned from a 7 night stay at the Jumeirah beach hotel with my much better half and my 8 year old son. Having already stayed at the neighbouring Al Qasr hotel we thought we would try another Madenat hotel, we agreed on the Jumeirah beach hotel only because it has complementary access into Wild Wadi water park so our son and myself of course! could enter anytime as not to disturb the sleeping dragon!! oops i meant to say the wife sunbathing by the pool . On arrival at hotel we had to wait for 1 hour just to try and check in, there were 2 receptionists on the desk with 20 or so guests!!!! When we finally got to the check in desk everything ran smoothly telling us our room wasn`t ready but they would give us a mobile to contact us as soon as the room was ready and we were promptly shown through to a dining area to have breakfast. After breakfast we sat in the lobby ( it was raining very hard outside!!!), just waiting for that important call, i do realise and appreciate our room had not yet been vacated as check out is at 12 noon and check in is 2`o clock . After sitting around from 10`o clock it is now 1.30 trying to get some sleep and trying to amuse an 8 year old, we were told our room was still not ready but they had three maids in there doing there best, after another hour passed it was really getting annoying so another trip to reception this time we were told by a different member of staff that because the people in our room had payed for late check out we would have to wait even longer!!!!. thats just great considering you pay for your room from 2`oclock, the time is now 3.30 so management was involved this time and after another 30 minutes we were eventualy shown a different room, at least it is alarge clean room and had a balcony as specified. call that 5* service? Now to the hotel , it is a great hotel for kids as they are very well catered for, from youngsters with there own pool with kids club upto teens who have there free access to Wild Wadi. if you are a couple and want a little peace and tranquility i would seriously think about another hotel as round the pools can get very noisy from kids, this isn`t a whinge, remember i have a child myself. Eating at the hotel in the various restaurants was ok but very, very expensive, you are better of going to the souk , free hotel buggies take you to the neighbouring hotel MINA `A` SALAM where it is a short stroll to loads of eateries.( it is cheper to buy cans of coke/sprite etc from cafe`s and take them back to room than pay stupid mini bar prices,better still go shopping to carrefour at the mall of the emirates and stock up) In general we found the hotel to be just about adequate but definately not 5* maybe 4*, yes the staff were friendly and polite but it can`t disguise this is now an old hotel with large occupancy that can`t be catered for . would we go back ? no .  why ? having stayed at the neighbouring hotel Al Qasr the gulf in difference from ulimate luxury to just another good hotel is huge. we only opted for the Jumeirah hotel because of the free entrance into wild wadi but i would rather stay at another hotel and pay to get in,!!	
Apr 2 2007 	Unbelievable and Fantastic	My family stay at Jumeriah Beach hotel has been one of the greatest holidays we have done. The hotel service from the pick-up by limo to attention to detail in anything they did was absolutely spot on.We upgraded to premier lesiure and were give a beautiful room.Our 10 year old son was very well looked after in the Premier lesiure lounge area which along with pre dinner drinks, canapes and afternoon tea made the upgrade a sure must.To pull back the curtains in the morning and have the view of the Burj-al-Arab staring at you from 500 meters makes the hotel a must visit.We cant wait to go back in August this year.One word of warning about August, it is low season for us brits when you book it for a reason. make sure you can handle the heat of up to 120 deg.It didnt affect out stay and this is the reason for going back in the same month.Happy Holidays	
Apr 1 2007 	Excellent - highly reccomended !!	Stayed here from March 22nd till March 29th. And having read the reviews it had a hard act to live up too.Had a ocean deluxe room - really roomy, clean, fresh fruit and bottled water. Excellent Elemis products, loofah, listermint, lip balm and even Factor 15 sunscreen in the bathroom - again spotless and a huge, huge walk-in shower and really long bath. We used the laundry service - really quick and sooo nicely packed into a box with pouch of smelly stuff and that was just our underwear and socks !!Food was good . Although quite expensive. We ate in the Lebanese, Pizza on the beach front terrace twice, Da Keller - German and surprsingly good. Rode the golf buggy and abra to The Madinat and ate at Pisces - wow, wonderul food, nice surroundings and very attentive waiters. The only restaurant I wouldn't reccommend is the Carnevale - Italian. It was not very good at all . I swear the lasagne was from M &amp; S !!!Would we go again ............... YES.	
Mar 28 2007 	Expensive / Poor service	First impressions are excelent, collected at airport and rushed through immigration with a limo to take youi to the hotel is great if you are in an executive room. This is worth the extra for the happy hour if nothing else.The hotel is just like the brochure says.However I dont expect to return to my room at 4.30pm and it hasnt been serviced. There was mould in the shower and when I complained it fell on deaf ears.For £550 per room per night - I expected better with better service.Food and drinks were also silly prices.	
Mar 25 2007 	Excellent!	As with everything in life you get what you pay for and this is the classic example. Not a cheap option but for quality and class it would take some beating! The whole break with my wife and 3 yo daughter was excellent. Brilliant room, great service, super facilities and first class food. There was no aspect we could possibly fault. Definitely one to recommend to anyone who wants that extra special holiday! We have travelled all over the world and stayed at some very good hotels but I would put this one up there with the very best of them.	
Mar 23 2007 	Absolutely Fantastic!	Stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel for 2 weeks in June/July 2006, two adults, two children (14 &amp; 9). This hotel is fantastic and I would highly recommend it to anyone with children (or without). We booked two deluxe rooms side by side on the 7th floor with beautiful views of the beach, the Burj Al Arab and the hotel grounds. It really was luxury....fresh towels and bed linen every day, turn-down service every night, choccies on the pillow, towel animals(!!), fresh fruit bowl, bottled water etc.. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble. The pool and beach were perfect for relaxing. Because it was soooo hot, the staff attended to our every need with ice lollies, cold water sprays, ice cold flannels &amp; cucumber for our eyes, sun cream sprays, fresh towels...all brought round to our sun-lounger during the day, we didn't have to move!The kids loved Wild Wadi Water Park, situated next door. As hotel guests, access was included, therefore once they had their wrist bands on, they were in and out all day. We went a couple of times and really enjoyed it too.The breakfasts were delicious, everything freshly made.Would recommend trips to Gold Souk, Ski Dubai - Mall of the Emirates, Desert Safari (Great fun!!)We would definitely go again, this hotel is in a class of its own and has set a new standard in luxury.	
Mar 16 2007 	FFab Hotel	My friend and i stayed in this hotel for 4 nights March 4th - 8th . Everything was perfect from the standards in the room, the resort in general and the level of service.Drinks are expensive but food is the same price as decent restaurants anywhere.The staff couldnt do enough for you and it was the attention to detail which made this the best hotel I have stayed in anywhere in the world. Fantasic for couples and families., or friends holidaying together . Would definately book again !!!!, worth every penny of the room rate.	
Mar 13 2007	Hotel Jumeirah Beach	Just returned from staying in the Villas at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel Dubai, what an experience, the villas were perfection and the servicewas second to none, no where in the world have I experienced such attention to detail, everything we needed was there in the villa. This hotel merits more that its six stars , in my opinion it rivals the Burj Al Arab as its equal. Looking forward to my next visit.	
Mar 8 2007 	Wow	My husband proposed to me in this hotel and boy did he choose well best hotel we ever stayed in! Breakfasts of the world! Wter park fab! My only dispointment was the staff in the cocktail bar........... when my husband proposed he accidently knocked over the champagne and broke the galsses! it was obviously to all what was happening as he was on his knees yet the waiter looked peeved an insisted on moving us which was embarrasing. They also replaced our champagne whic we though was sweet of them until they handed us another bill forh £30 for the pleasure which I felt under the circumstances was a little disappointing and not showing any goodwill.. we had stayed a week and ate in the in house restaurants each night!Nevertheless we recomend the hotel 100%	
Feb 16 2007	Best hotel I have stayed in	I can genuinely say this is the best hotel I have stayed in. It really does kick the bottoms of all the other five star hotels i have been in and i will definitely be disappointed in the next 5 star i stay in.We arrived on the early morning flight from Manchester and were immediately greeted warmly and with a smile at 7.30 am. We were shown to reception to another smiley face where the check in was done very quickly and efficiently. Initially they told us our rooms werent ready and we were given a courtesy mobile so that someone cld reach us at the pool to tell us when our rooms were ready. We obviously looked exhausted so our nice friendly check in lady then proceeded to make a few phone calls and did actually find us some ready rooms in the end. at 7.30 in the morning this was the last thing we expected. This allowed us to go to our rooms to freshen up before breakfast. The rooms: we had a balcony room and it was absolutely fantastic. Really light and spacious with a huge comfy bed, liovely deep bath, huge shower and great toliteries. The view from balcony was spectacular of the Burj.we then went down to breakfast at a restaurant called beachcombers situated on the beach. This was done in buffet style with every kind of thing you could think of. (even had stir fry noodles and Beef, which was lovely) Obviously also all your normal things like pancakes, omelettes, fry up etc. In total there were 22 bars and restaurants and we never had a bad meal or drink at any of them. On our last night we eat at the villa beach restaurant where i had foie gras that was out of this world and then wagyu steak (a very tender japanese steak) delicious, best meal of the stay! The pool although busy was fab as the staff were so helpful in retrieving sunbeds, getting drinks etc. Try malibu bay very refreshing cocktail, for those non alcoholics around you passion cooler was lovely. Wild Wadi was loads of fun but make sure you wear a decent bikini cos as previously mentioned in other reviews the jets whip the bottoms right off! quite embarrassing!Anyway the hotel was fabulous, food to die for and the service was better than first class. The staff were very good at predicting our needs. One thing I must say is that every where we went there was a questionnaire to fill in. Although this could get quite tiresome it was voluntary and i think it really helps to keep the standard up so therefore I always filled it in.The only complaint i had was that the italian restaurant didnt seem to serve any italian wine!Anyway if you are reading this review and are going to the JGH sometime soon I am very jealous. Enjoy!!	
Feb 13 2007 	Absolutely fantastic	We have just returned from a wonderful 4 night stay in Jumeirah Beach Hotel before going onto Oman. This hotel is absolutely fantastic. From the moment we arrived at the airport until we were dropped off at departures we were treated like royalty and have no complaints whatsoever.We upgraded to Club Executive which is definitely recommended as this meant we had a private transfer, a gorgeous room on the 18th floor overlooking the Burj Al Arab, separate check in, use of the lovely executive pool with extremely comfortable sunbeds complete with pillows, free internet access, afternoon tea and happy hours from 5pm - 8pm when drinks and canapes were available free of charge (although you do pay for all these in upgrading the cost of doing so was well worth it considering all that it included). We also were able to take breakfast in the 26th floor restaurant which meant a quiet and relaxing start to the day.Wild Wadi is definitely recommended. We went there twice and although we were only going to stay for a few hours on both occasions we ended up staying much longer as we were having so much fun.It was my husband's birthday whilst we were there and a bottle of champagne was delivered to the room as well as a birthday cake (followed by another one later that night in the restaurant!) and a personal birthday card. All such touches made our stay - including the free champagne cocktails in the Club Eight bar that night and the free drinks that day by the pool.We will hopefully return to the hotel one day which is a surprise to us as we usually don't want to return to the same place twice as there are so many other places to see in the world. Hopefully you will have just an enjoyable stay. In fact, I guarantee that you will!	
Jan 21 2007	christmas in the sun	FANTASTIC... again!! this is the 3rd time we have stayed here as a family, Easter 2004, Summer 2005 and Christmas 2006 and every time has been fabulous. It's totally child friendly and good for adults only too. Why else would celebs stay here.!!?? Christmas is great, the food was outstanding, the rooms all levels excellent. extra facilities - the gym and equipment great, the scuba team excellent, my son passed his Seal Team and the instructor Paul was marvellous with him. So great we've booked for 2007!!The staff are attentive and on hard at the drop of a hat, nothing is a problem, Laundry service is top class, room service great.I recommend JBH to everyone I know going to Dubai and have never been told it wasn't as good as I had said.	
Jan 13 2007 	Exceptional service facilities something for everybody	You cannot fail to love this hotel. From the minute you arrive you are looked after by attentive staff.The service is exceptional.The rooms are first class with breathtaking views the complimentary toiletries are brilliantThe choice of restaurants is slightly overwhelming. Breakfast is fantastic with food from all cultures, my nine year old had singapore noodles for breakfast nearly every day. Bacon is available but not cooked very well. there is so much to choose from that you can avoid it.If I had one criticsm it would be that the pool area is very busy, however, the service there is also first class. Staff come around and give you a cold flannel and ice lollies to cool downComplimentary access to the wild wadi water park lets you get in an hour before the public. It is worth taking advantage of this as it slightly cooler and less busy. Be prepared to loose your swimming attire in the bottom area as you are jetted up the slides on a large inflated ring. I would also suggest that if you are wearing a bikini that you put a vest or top over it as you are likely to come out of the top. Believe me it is worth it is brilliant fun.	
Dec 31 2006 	Excellent way to start a Honeymoon	I am only getting around to writing this review nearly4 months since being in Dubai (must be the shock of it all over).This was our first port of call on our trip around the world for our honeymoon. What a way to start!!!We went to Dubai from the 16th-19th August 06.We flew to Dubai with Virgin who were excellent and made it a great start. We were then greeted before passport control by a rep of Jumeriah Beach who fast tracked us to get our bags.We booked a club executive room and this entitles you to be picked up at the airport in a personal car. It was amazing, cold towels and water for us. The driver was great telling us all about Dubai and the new developments.Anyway, back to the hotel. Our room was not ready straight away but we could store out bags and use showers and the facilities of the hotel. When we got our room we were amazed. The room was huge and had everthing you wanted and more. The views of the burj al arab from our room were breathtaking.On each day we opted for breakfast in our room. This was complimentary for our room. Everything about the hotel was amazing. The staff we so friendly and helpful. We felt right at home, the only difference being about 45c in heat. The pools we excellent, espically the executive pool as this has a swim up bar and you could relax and cool down. when you are lying down, staff come around and spray water on you to cool you down. Fantastic.The resturants in the hotel were fabulous. We also chose room service which was also excellent. It was very hard to find any faults.On one morning we even tried the wild wadi next door. Staying in the hotel means you can get in an hour before every one else. We only stayed for a few hours and did not even see half of it. What we did see was great, especially the lazy river.To top the whole of the expierence off, the hotel provided us with a bottle of champagne, a cake and a box of sweets for getting married!!!! GreatThis hotel would put many 5 star hotels to shame. If you go to Dubai, I highly recommend this hotel. It is well worth the money. me and my wife will be going again and in the very near future.	
Dec 16 2006 	love it love it!!!	I have stayed here twice in group of family and friends! We love it! Everything about this hotel is class. We love the beach and spend our days there with occasional trips to the pool bar!! My only faults are that the second year we didn't have a balcony and i missed it! Also a better system for ordering drinks whilst led on the beach, it is hard to get the waiters attention. Prehaps a flag system wich i have used at other hotels!! It's clean, friendly, chic and has the wow factor. The food is amazing! Breakfast are always a highlight. We spent every breakfast at the beecombers rather than inside! This hotel is immaculate in every way!	
Dec 11 2006 	Another great time	This was our fifth year at the Jumeirah in club exec, and as expected the service on the whole was first class. the new introduction of the Prem Leisure pool whilst very nice, was for us just a little too condensed, beds a bit close and on days over busy. We were invited to attend a cocktail party for Club Exec / Prem Leisure guests and spoke with the management regarding some of our thoughts. We were told that they too felt Club Exec had been over sold, thus the rather busy pool, breakfast area in Prem Leisure and also afternoon tea. We believe to prevent this in coming months prices will be increased and numbers limited. We shall see!!! Hopefully they will not price themselves out of the market especially with the development on the strip of many other 5 star hotels. It hasn't stopped us booking for next oct if only to find out if things have changed again, but this time we are trying the Mina aswell just to compare. As always recommend it to everyone, perhaps we only have ourselves to blame for the increase in numbers!!	
Dec 5 2006 	Great location excellent restaurants	We had a fantastic short stay at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. On arrival, we were escorted to our room by a young lady who explained everything about the hotel and its amenities. All rooms have seaview and look out at the 7-star Burj Al Arab hotel right opposite. There is no building activity in the area, but during our stay there was some significant refurbishment work going on in the hotel building itself. It is a very modern hotel and it was busy with young families. Next time we will book the Mina A' Salam hotel next door, which is also part of the Jumeirah chain. The style is classic which appeals more to us. Electrocars bring you everywhere in the Jumeirah complex, including the Burj Al Arab. The beach is great with umbrellas, plenty of towels, food service etc. There are several pools and a free wild water park on site. Compared to the Hyatt in Oman where we stayed on the same trip, service was not as prompt and accurate but still more than adequate. Taxis are relatively cheap in Dubai. Don't be tempted to hire a car as you will end up in a traffic jam which spoils your holiday.	
Nov 27 2006 	wonderful !	Me and my wife stayed in this hotel for two night in Nov.2006 Lovely , location is perfect , close to nearly everything ( malls , wild wadi aqua park , recreaction centres , Burj El Arab ....etc )Highly recommended	
Nov 22 2006 	Nice but not great	Fantastic location, food great, but it is actually a bit limited. If you are not paying the top dollar, you feel a bit of a second class guest, which I suppose you are. The bars are a bit spartan, no real cosy places. A bit in your face, some will love the over attentive staff, others will find it a bit claustraphobic. It has a great beach, lots for kids . There is a great emphasis on: you are a valued guest, but if you pay a bit more.....then we will really value youHaving said that, We had a fantastic time, but I have stayed at more romantic, and more relaxing places. I like to press the button for the lift!	
Oct 20 2006 	Perfect Honeymoon	Just checked the recent reviews and I thought that I must add a brief comment.........even though its 12 months since we stayed at the JGH on our honeymoon.We had the greatest holiday ever, within this superb hotel &amp; complex (including the free access to Wild Wadi, plus dining at Medinat &amp; Burj).Every detail, from check in to departure was a pleasure. The hotel staff will cater for your every need.We would recommend the hotel to all travellers, weather your a couple, a family or on business.........the hotel really caters to everyones needs.We will definately return with our children.	
Oct 8 2006	still a superb hotel	Having been a frequent visitor to Dubai , I have had the opportunity of staying at some of the finest hotels this city has to offer.Without doubt I can safely say that Jumeirah Beach hotel remains a superb all round hotel. I have been returning to this hotel anually since 2002 and am always made to feel pampered, safe and at home. The staff are incredible and its so nice to be recognised as a regular when coming back.The rooms are by far the most spacious in the city and offer the most amazing views of the Burj al Arab.. especially at night as it dazzles one with a colourful display of changing lights.The large breakfast area at the lobby level is superb and has the feel or dining in a ship. I believe this restuarant is undergoing renovation.This is an excellent hotel for families with young children as the pools are the best for any beach resort and the activities for kids galore. Shopping is just a mere buggy ride to the Madinat or to the very near located famed Mall of the Emirates. This hotel may however need some upgrade in the furnishing, as I think the decor can be a bit overstated and appears a bit retro and the coffee table, dresssing table as well as TV needs an upgrade.However the beds are comfortable and huge and the bathrooms very spacious and luxurious.The only snag being the abscence or tea and coffee making facilities.Dining is also a treat here and I thoroughly enjoy dining at the VILLA BEACH restaurant which is located almost on teh White sand.This is a hotel that I will always return to and I always divide my stays in Dubai with a Jumeirah hotel and one of the other reputable 5 star hotels in the city.I have also stayed a few times at the Madinat hotels next door and they are equally good , offering a more Arabian feel. No doubt , the Jumeriah Beach hotel is an excellent choice be it for a leisure stay or business stay. I will always return.Believe me JUMEIRAH is outstanding.ZAHIERA BODIAT ( RSA)	
Oct 4 2006 	Wow!	Well the title says it all...after a three night stay here the only comment that I can make is &quot;Wow&quot;. I have been to Dubai once before, staying at the Mina a salam and I have to say that the service at the JBH surpasses it completely. From the moment you arrive at the hotel the staff go out of their way to make you feel comfortable and relaxed. Everytime you pass a member of staff in a corridor you will be greeted with a smile and it doesnt get tiring, it just makes you feel welcomed.We arrived after a night flight. The time that we got to the hotel was about 7.30 am and I wasnt expecting to check into our room straight away. But thankfully our balcony room WAS available. After a swift check-in a guest relations lady took us to the room and made sure that we were happy with everything. Yes we did tip her and to be honest I think it is expected. I am not sure how it would go down if you didn't.The room. Well the decor of the JBH in general is not what I would describe as tasteful but its bright, fun and I have learn to embrace Arabian interior design! :) The website says that the rooms are 50 square metres and they feel it - they are spacious and well laid out. The bed is very comfortable with a good nights sleep guaranteed. The TV is a LG flatscreen and if you fancy it, you can watch everything from BBC News to Friends....The minibar is, as one would expect, extortionately priced. I did get a coke from there once because I was desparate but filled it up with my own cans from Carrefour (at the Mall of the Emirates) after that. I checked my room service bill at the end of the trip and they never charged me for drinking out of the minibar after that first coke.One thing that is missing is tea and coffee making facilities. Not a big deal I suppose as its only a phone call away but I am a caffeine fiend and like to have a coffee in the morning and the afternoon. I suppose it was a chance to give my adrenal glands a break and go cold turkey but I have to say that I did expect this to be here.The room's balcony was worth the extra I thought. Its not the place to sit during the day but at night, when the Burj is all lit up, its a nice place to enjoy a nightcap.The hotel also provide some nice touches in the room. Sunscreen, lip balm, a hotel beach bag (v. useful as I forgot mine!), daily selection of fruit and a generous selection of toiletries. The rooms are serviced twice a day and turndown is particularly worth having, if only for the little boxes of Godiva chocolates that are left on your pillows! Yes, we did have a towel made out of a swan on the first night. A nice little touch.The hotel: The main reason for staying here, at least for us, was the beach. Its sandy and its clean and construction can only be viewed in the distance. Head out onto the sands and towels will be laid out on the sunbeds of your choice. I did see that Premium Executive + guests get a separate area, with arabian gazebos. I could only look on enviously! Having said that, we never had a problem finding available sunbeds - there was always a choice. Whilst you are lounging the hotel staff bring round lolly's, ice cold water sprays and fruit kebabs - perfect to keep the blood sugar levels up!The hotel also has tennis courts, a gym and lots of pools but we didn't bother checking these out - lack of time was one reason and a desire to keep things lazy on the beach was another!Likewise with the restaurants. The hotel has lots but it was Ramadam when we visited and some of the opening hours were adjusted. Tourists are not expected to fast of course, and the pool bar was open during the day and several other eateries were as well. However, the only one we went to was Beachcombers for breakfast. And to be honest I was not impressed. I was comparing it with Mina a Salam and The Chedi Muscat and both of those were miles ahead. The space is too small for the amount of people dining, the fruit selection was pretty pathetic (just melon, strawberries and pineapple - where is the exotic fruit!?), and the food generally unappetising. The service was also inconsistent - coffee (and we know how important that is for me!!!) was not forthcoming after 15 minutes of being there....It was just not a service that a five star hotel should be giving. Its also cheaper to have a continental breakfast in your room and that is a much more relaxing experience!Unfortunately whilst I was there I had a problem with my left eye. I knew I had scratched it badly on the plane and it flared up, going very red and it constantly teared. The hotel has a clinic and I have to say they were pretty good. The doctor gave a somewhat woolly explanation for the flare up - it wasnt contact lenses he said (which it actually was as they caused the scratch!) but the humidity and sand. Well whatever, he prescribed me with eye drops which I picked up from the hotel's pharmacy and I gave them ago. Within about 5 hours my eye was much better so maybe I should give him more credit! It did cost about £50 for this service but to be honest it was worth it as it allowed me to enjoy my holiday.In the evenings the hotel has lots of bars and restaurants open and I am sure that the food is excellent. We were hellbent on shopping though so every night we headed to a mall. The Mall of the Emirates is only a few miles away and the hotel does run a shuttle at 10 past the hour. This is slightly over-subscribed though and when the minibus turns up there is a rush, with lots of pushing and shoving. Pathetic really as a taxi costs about £2. We used the service once and after a woman with a buggy rammed it into my back so that she could get on, I gave up and splashed out on a taxi!The Mall of the Emirates is illogically laid out, as is Burjaman, another upmarket shopping centre, but it has everything you could want. All of the eateries are closed during the day (because of ramadam) so dont expect to pick up a coffee or a quick bit to eat until sundown but there are lots to choose from when it is open. There is of course the snowdome which is fun to see through the glass windows and lots and lots and lots and lots of shops. Nothing is dramatically cheaper but there are some brands that are not avaialble in the UK so I enjoyed shopping here.All in all we have a great time in Dubai. We were there for such a short time and we are already planning our return visit. I would recommend the JBH. They make everything easy for you. The staff are excellently trained and its a superb base for exploring Dubai and enjoying the sunshine. I would say that it is more family oriented than the hotels at Madinat Jumeriah so if you have young children take them here. Its proximity to the Wild Wadi and the free entry guests receive will surely keep them happy too.	
Oct 2 2006 	the best holiday we have ever had	Well i almost do not know where to start withi this hotel as it is simply the best place we have ever stayed in to say the least!!!From the minute you arrive in Dubai you realise that service is something that they pride themselves on and everyone we met in the hotel smiled at us, asked how we were and also asked if they could do anything for us to make our stay better!We had paid a little extra to have private transportation and it was worth it as we arrived and were met by a hotel representative who took us through immigration so we did not have to queue and then took us to our car. My husband was so amazed to see it was a fancy BMW and coming home we had an Audi A8 much to his happiness!At the hotel they whisk your bags away to your room as you are sorting out check in and a guest relations member of staff takes you to your room and shows you around. The rooms are huge and amazing! We had a balcony and it was so nice to sit out at night overlooking the Burj.They have everything and they are serviced twice a day and you receive water and fruit which is great. The turndown service at night is great and they always leave the room looking so pretty!Services- you can eat in so many restaurants and they are all great with top food and service. They all have lovely views and they cater for all tastes. You can also have private dining in your room where you order from room service and they bring it up and set the table up for you. All the little touches make it the world class and star hotel it is. The breakfasts are great too...buffet style and they have everything you could want. the fruit is so good!Safari- we went on the desrt sundowner safari and it was so much fun. we had a driver calles Yamen i think it was and if you can get him as your driver you will not be disappointed as he is so funny and makes the drive enjoyable. the dunes are brilliant and the dune bashing is not for the faint hearted! the evening dinner is also very tasty and it is just a relaxing evening. As it was Ramadam time thay had no entertainment but that was no problem at all as it was nice to sit around and chat and enjoy the atmosphere. As we went at Ramadam time we thought that it may be an issue but it is not at all in the hotel as the facilities are available to you and you can eat when you wish. It is only when you go into the Malls etc that you have to just not eat in public until 6pm when the place comes alive!Ski Dubai- We went to the ski park in the shopping centre and it was great fun. they provide you with the trousers and the jackets but some advice bring your own gloves and hat with you as it does get cold inside the dome.it is such a strange thing to do but it is a must if you like the snow. only £20 or so for 2 hours.Well overall i could go on and on for so long about the hotel but to put it simply the Jumeirah Beach is a place that you do not want to leave as they treat everyone so well and it is just the best place. The benefits of the Wild Wadi Park and the shuttle buses are alo great as they give you the chance to do other fun things besides being lazy beside the great pool!!!I cannot recommend this place more and we really hope that we can go back again sometime in the future.you have to go, you would not regret it!	
Sep 23 2006 	What an experience!!	Have just returned from Dubai and a stay at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. Can't wait to go back. Don't think we could fault a thing. The hotel was fantastic, spotlessly clean and the level of service was first class. The staff genuinely could not do enough for you. There was so much to see and do in the hotel and in Dubai and we were very impressed. Highly recommend the desert safari and the shopping malls. Also a visit to the Burj is a must even if it is just to ponder how someone with so much money can have so little taste. Glad we stayed at the JBH, at least we could afford more than one drink!! The rooms in the JBH are huge and they all have a fantastic sea view. The bed was comfy too. Would give the whole resort 10 out of 10. Certainly can't say the same about Heathrow airport and it's staff. On our return from the UAE we were brought back down to earth with a huge bump. Heathrow and it's staf were totally inefficient, disorganised and unhelpful. Couldn't hepl feeling they would learn alot from UAE, Dubai airport and the JBH. Weclome Back!!!	
Sep 18 2006 	Fantastic Stop over	We booked the hotel for 3 nights on our way back from the Grand Prix in Shanghai.The hotel was fantastic, huge rooms, nice furnishings, private balcony overlooking private beach. The pools were lovely especially the swim up bar. Restaurants were fantastic too especially the beach front ones.Only downside was only staying here for 3 nights will certainly use Dubai and this hotel as a stop off on the way to or from other long haul places.Just a note on Emirates too, fantastic flights, friendly crew and airline food that tastes good!	
Sep 16 2006 	Best hotel I've stayed at!	I have stayed in many hotels around the world, but none come close to the Jumeirah Beach Hotel (JBH) for service, friendliness, efficiency, safety, I could go on. The staff are obviously very well trained, and to give you an idea of the standard, a questionnaire asks if you were always greeted with a smile - and I couldn't say no, from gardeners, to concierge, to reception, you were made to feel very welcome.There are so many lifeguards around the pool there is certainly no chance of a mishap! The pools were lovely, with cushions on the sunbeds (and plenty of those available), the beach was serviced as regularly as any other part of the hotel and a lifeguard patrolled the water on a kayak.Complimentary entry to the Wild Wadi water park is a bonus - and it's a great water park, loads of rides for young ones to old ones, kids and adults alike will love it.The food is high quality, plenty to choose from (though don't expect pork products for obvious reasons).The Burj Al Arab is a stone's throw away, you can jump on a buggy from JBH, be there in a few minutes. and then can wander freely around the Burj at certain times as a guest of Jumeirah. This is certainly worth doing, as if you go there for afternoon tea, it will cost £36.00 each (though I hear you get so much food it's like a dinner!). If you do want to eat there, book early - we couldn't get into the restaurant 5 days in advance.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Sep 13 2006 	Amazing!. Incredible!	Wow. Heard lots of things about Dubai, mainly good, did a lot of swotting up on here and in the forums before we went. Believe the hype!We paid the extra £30 or so to have a private transfer from the airport to the hotel. That was such a good idea, a guy stands at the terminal waiting for you and escorts you through passport control, no queueing. He then stands and waits with you while you wait for your luggage, doesn't mind if you want to browse through the duty free shop at arrivals and stock up on a beer or two before you get to the hotel. You're then taken past the queues of hot sticky tired people, and whisked into an awaiting luxury car where you're presented with an ice cold bottle of water and a cold towel and an incredibly friendly and sincere welcome. Don't worry about sitting in the cab open mouthed as you are driven past the amazing sights of Dubai, no bugs will fly in there lol. Once at the hotel, check in is smooth and quick, and every room has a view of the spectacular Burj Al Arab. You are made to feel like royalty throughout your entire stay, but they arent schmoozy or insincere like some other countries. Go to the Mall of the Emirates, best to go later in the week as its open til midnight, you'll need that long to get around. Another must is the 4x4 desert dune trip, not for the carsick or feint hearted. The guides are so helpful and give you plenty of information on the way there and cant do enough for you. They take you to a camel farm, then stop for a photo opportunity to watch the sun set in the desert, then off to the desert camp for dinner, belly dancing and shisha (like smoking, only more fragrant). Actually saw a scorpion in the photo booth at the desert and the meal was surprisingly good, buffet style, served up by all the Arabian Adventure drivers. Camel ride included (lean back and hold on for dear life!). Only booked for 4 days and was truly gutted to have to come home, feel spoiled now and reluctant to holiday anywhere else now! Couldn't fault a thing. Shame the immigration/passport control bods at Gatwick haven't heard of this new fangled thing they call smiling. Its all the rage in UAE!!!Went over to the Burj for a drinky and we were definitely in the better hotel in our opinion. For all its bling, it felt very impersonal in there. If you want to be pampered yet not pestered, JBH is THE place to stay. Would definitely go back there, just need to save up now for next year. People are saying the food and drink is expensive in the hotel, but we never had a bad meal anywhere - you get what you pay for. Its about £3-4 a drink, but you'd pay that in a lot of places in England, but without the rain, the football shirts and the jostling.Apparently a couple of the restaurants in the hotel were closed for refurb, we only noticed because there was a teddy bear in our room, with a hard hat and &quot;please bear with us&quot; printed on its vest. How sweet??? There was no disruption at all, absolutely loads to see and do. Dont bother with the private transfer back to the airport, its worth every penny when you arrive there, a cab will take you back to the airport for a fraction of the price.	
Sep 8 2006 	"Best Hotel in Dubai"	My partner and I stayed at the JBH in June for 7 nights. I have to say that its one of the best places I have ever been to. The standards and service of the hotel exceeded our expectations, the staff really make you feel special.The morning buffet is excellent - beachcombers restaurant has great views of the Burj. The food in all the other restaurants is good too, but can be a little pricey!The Wild Wadi is great fun - we were even chatting to the footballer Robbie Fowler, who was on a sunlounger next to us.The shopping Malls are impressive, but I didn't find it that much cheaper than back home, but well worth the visit. Also, the Sundowner trip is a must. Dune bashing in a 4x4 and a bbq afterwards is a great way to spend a night. If you get time take a buggie to the Burj its well worth the visit. But men especially need to dress smart. If I'm honest, I was expected it to be a bit more spectactular than it actually was, and if I was given the choice to stay at either hotel I would stay at the JBH everytime.	
Sep 7 2006 	out of this world	This hotel is pure indulgence! Would highly recommend if you want to pull out all of the stops and have a fantastic holiday.ALL of the staff are excellent, from reception to anyone who pass in the corridor - nothing and I mean nothing, is too much trouble for any of them and whatever they do, they do it with a smile. I have never met such welcoming staff in a hotel before.The facilities are out of this world, the beach is fantastic, staff will even come and clean your sunglasses for you and spray you with suntan lotion or ice cold water.The whole experience is something we will never forget and we are even going back for our honeymoon it was that good.Highly recommended	
Sep 3 2006	Great Hotel 1st Class	Stayed at this hotel for 10 nights 8-18 August 2006 with my husband and two girls 8 year old &amp; 2 year old, Excellent hotel all first class just really, really hot even at night, the pools are nice and cool but the sea water is like a bath (not very nice because you cant cool off). And you will need to cool off.We went to ski dubai and it was great fun, if you are thinking of going take gloves and hats and they are not provided.We hired our own speed boat from Art Marine which is in the Jumeriah hotel on the beach, it was fantastic we went all round the world famous palm and toured the coast line. Well worth doing. £100.00 for 1 hour (do it great fun)If you are going to visit the Burj make sure that Men wear filled in shoes, my husband had leather sandels on and they would not let him past the security gate with them on. (Bit over the top).Wadi world is a must make sure you stand under the great big bucket as it fills and let it cover you (great Fun).All the restaurants were great we was never dissapointed in the whole ten nights we were there.The people of dubai are great and the are brillant with the children. WHEN YOU ARRIVE IN DUBAI GET YOUR BEERS, WINE AND SPIRTS AT THE DUTY FREE SHOP AS THEY ARE EXPENSIVE FROM THE MINI BAR IN YOUR ROOM.Also you can get all your diet cokes up the shopping mall in carr fort they are alot cheaper than your mini bar four times cheaper infact and you can do some great shopping while your up there.Taxis are about £2.00 up to the town, so dont suffer in the heat on the free shuttle bus - grab a cab.It is the only holiday that I have been on and I have travelled alot that there was no bugs or flys it was great.We will be visting dubai again!!!!!!!!!!!	
Aug 22 2006 	Fantastic Hotel Great Service!	My husband and I travelled to Dubai after a week in the Maldives before we returned to the uk with Emirates. We booked through Kuoni and stayed in the JBH for 4 nights and I only wish we had booked for longer! We were so impressed with the hotel, facilities, staff, everything was 5*! We had booked the Deluxe Balcony room only because there were no Stand Deluxe rooms available, the hotel was fully booked. We were on the 3rd floor and had great views of the Burj. It was too warm to open the balcony door, so I would just get a stand Del Rm the next time. Temps soared in the 40's! You were in the lovely aircon'd hotel and then you came out to the heat..wow what heat!..even in the morning! The rooms are lovely, massive bed, internet tv with movies, mini bar, fresh fruit daily and chocs plus water at turn down service at night. They even left sweat bands with our water just incase we wanted to go jogging! The room boy made animals out of the towels and brought a fresh ice buket each evening at turn down. We ordered room service, a late lunch, and it came in a heated trolley/cabinet/table thingie, which the room boy folds out and lays for you. Every attention to detail!!The food in the hotel restaurants was excellent, you need to book the day before to ensure you get a table. We dined in the Marina Seafood Market out on the pier (our favourite) on our second night. There is a photographer from Digi photo outside it who takes a photo of you with the JBH in the background and then you view/buy it from the Digi Desk in the JBH. It was lovely to get a nice photo of the two of us and the JBH was a great background! The La Parilla (Argentinean restaurant) also excellent. We got the flaming sword meal and they had traditional music/dancing. The price of wine/drinks was expensive in the hotel. As I had been told of this, I had stopped off at the duty free (beside where you collect your cases at the airport) and got myself a couple bottles of wine for the room. The wine in the restaurants ranged from 75 dir to 200, ie cheapest being £12 a glass! On our last night in Dubai we went to the Burj for dinner in the Al Mantaha restaurant up on the 25th floor. Try the tapas starter between 2..wow (see picture), caviar, smoked salmon, 7/8 different sections, just yummy! Their lemon soufle was the best! You are really treated like royalty...overall fantastic meal, superb setting overlooking the Jumeirah Palm, attentive friendly staff. Modestly priced at £150 for the two of us!Breakfast was a lavish affair in the Beachcomber, so much to choose from! The staff yet again were great, so professional and helpful. You even had a golf buggy to take you the short walk from the hotel to breakfast!The children's pool was a great idea, that left the main pool, just not as crazy. Even with the hotel fully booked, we had no problem finding sunloungers! They gave us lounger towels and ice lollies too! Now Wild Wadi..what can I say. Us big kids had a ball, free access for JBH guests! We went to it two days, if you had children, they would just love this place!We also went on the free shuttle bus from the JBH to the Mall of the Emirates, the one with the indoor ski slope and hundreds of shops! Found the shops were geared more towards men, but was able to find a few purchases for myself! So much more we wanted to see and do in Dubai, that we will just have to return to the JBH!	
Aug 18 2006 	Only in Dubai would you see such magnificant hotels!	We stayed at the Jumeriah Beach Hotel following a 2 week holiday at the Hilton Rangali, Maldives. This is a fantastic hotel in a great setting. We chose a room with a balcony, and to be honest it was just too hot to use it. All the rooms have front looking views, so to be honest I don't think it was worth the extra. But don't get me wrong - the rooms are beautiful.As it was our honeymoon we arrived to lovely treats in our room - one of which was a beautiful chocolate cake.This hotel is amazing and has so many facilities. Would definitely be a great hotel for a family.We stayed in June and it was just too hot and was very humid. It was fine when you are in the sea, or at the pool side but if you go into town it is just very uncomfortable.There were lots of choices of restaurants within the hotel - in fact if you wanted to would never have to leave this hotel or the complex. The Water Park was great and we had unlimited access, as was the local medina for shopping. The hotel offered free buses into town to the large Shopping Centres, to the Burj and to the nearby Medina.I will definitely go back to Dubai and to this hotel, but would go in our Autumn/Winter/Spring as I think I could really enjoy it then.	
Aug 10 2006 	Jumeirah Beach Hotel Almost Perfect	Excellent service Clean rooms and very good food Only negative aspects:If youupgrade to premium leisure etc. dont expect free soft drinks from pool area .You need to pay or travel to Hotel , Beachcombers etc. Fellow,more seasoned guests had noticed a slight drop in standards. Also I would recommend eating out in the evenings.Although the hotel food is very good it is very overpriced. Overall we had a fantastic time but the management will need to keep their eye on the ball to ensure standards are maintained or even improved!!	
Aug 8 2006 	Superb Luxury - I Will Be Back!!!	I stayed at this hotel at Easter and it is simply superb, beyond all expectations. I paid for an executive room and upon arrival was collected from the airport in a series 7 BMW! Once at the hotel I was whisked up to the 24th floor to the executive lounge for checkin and invited to join in the breakfast treats on offer.As I'd arrived early, 9am, I was told my room wouldn't be ready until lunchtime but was told to make the most of all the hotel facilities and was given a mobile phone which would ring when my room was available. Eager to experience the executive pool I quickly changed into my bathers and before I could leave the restrooms the mobile rang to say my room was ready! Superb service.The hotel is just out of this world, the staff are fantasic, and everything I tried (water park, Burj, tennis, table tennis, dining, executive lounge) I just cant speak highly enough of. I stayed here for 5 days and 4 nights and I will be back for sure, sooner rather than later!	
Jul 30 2006 	Complete Luxury	I have been to many hotels and I have to say that this is by far one of the best. Everything about the hotel is amazing. My fiancee and I stayed there for a week for a holiday and at first were amazed by how incredible this place looks - the sheer structure is a sight to savour. The staff cant do enough for you and the rooms are very spacious and luxurious .Everything from the spa/health club to the hotels 14 restaurants leaves you in complete awe of this brilliant resort. The views out across the Persian gulf are beautiful and include the best view in town of the amazing Burj al Arab hotel. It has a water park pretty much on site and its own priavte white sand beach. There really is everything here!.I would say that our stay at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel was worth every penny anxd will be sure to vist again when next in Dubai.	
Jul 28 2006 	We had a great stay	Its funny how people have different experiences but I wanted to balance the last review with ours! We had a brillant stay from start to finish. The staff were always helpful. The rooms were always spotless with water, fruit etc replaced twice a day. We loved the pools and the beach area with views of the Bur al Arab. Our children had a great time in the waterpark. Overall a perfect family holiday for us we would always recommend this hotel for a family holiday.	
Jul 28 2006 	Fantastic Friendly Service	This trip was the first time I went to Dubai, and I wasn’t quite sure what to expect, so I decided to spend my time in two hotels instead on one.I was travelling with my little sister who was 15, so I wanted to stay somewhere that would have a lot of things do, and be of a high standard.Because of the great reviews seen on trip advisor, and the inclusion of a water park in the hotel, I decided the Jumeirah Beach Hotel would be a great place to experience the beach side of Dubai, whist I chose The Le Meriden Dubai as my second hotel because of its closeness to the airport, and city centre.And I wasn’t disappointed at all. The Jumeirah Beach Hotel is amazing, the staffs are so friendly. We arrived early at about 10am, before the check in time. The hotel provided us with a complementary breakfast and mobile phones while we waited for our room to become ready, which was only 30 minutes!We stayed in a Deluxe Twin room, which was very spacious, and included balcony with sea views.The room has everything you need, plasma screen TV with internet access built in (web TV), mini bar, sofa, a huge bathroom with power shower and a bath.Every morning we were provided with a complementary newspaper, and complementary fresh fruit and water. Ours rooms were made twice a day, and they even left nice little chocolates on our pillows. We also had room service a couple of times, which was excellent, delicious food but no pork for breakfast because of Islamic beliefs, but it was still delicious.The main reason why anyone would stay at this hotel, above all the other great 5 star hotels in Dubai is because of the beach facilities. Wild Wadi Water Park is amazing, there are lots of water rides for all ages, and it was great having a VIP entrance and it being on our doorstep.Unfortunately because of sea conditions, we weren’t able to do water skiing during our stay, but we went on the banana boat ride, and sailed these electric boats which was cool. There is a dedicated pool for kids, where the kids club also runs, and another large pool for guests. I swam in the sea, but the water is way too salty, it started hurting my eyes, so I don’t recommend you go to Dubai for sea swimming. However the beach is large, and spacious with complementary deck chairs, towels, and lots of restaurants to eat at.If you’re looking for elegance and a very business orientated atmosphere, then maybe this hotel isn’t for you. But if you want to have a fun holiday, in a calm friendly atmosphere with lots of things to do (especially for kids), then The Jumeirah Beach Hotel is a must!	
Jul 28 2006 	Best holiday ever!!!	Don't listen to the poor reviews - this hotel is one of the best ever. The facilities are great and the rooms are opulent – with every conceivable touch to make your stay special like sun lotion, slippers, robes, plenty of bottled water, fresh fruit daily, twice daily room servicing and more besides.The hotel staff are very accommodating and if you have any problems they will sort them out immediately. Our balcony room was not ready for us on day one so we stayed in an executive room on the 19th floor and to compensate were given dinner in the Marina Seafood restaurant (valued at £100)We travelled with our 3 year old Son and for families with children you could not ask for more. The kids club is excellent and free (even for children aged 0-4 until 12pm). The kids pool is excellent and there is also an adventure playground which would not look out of place in a theme park and don’t forget Wild Wadi the water park next door which is free all day every day – we used to just pop in for an hour to cool down in the afternoon (cost if you had to pay is around £25pp!)Now, the weather IS HOT from June to September – peaking in July and August but don’t let that put you off. The hotel and all the restaurants are air conditioned as you would imagine and the pools are chilled. Ice lollies are given out at regular intervals during the day and they even have a man who comes round and sprays you with either ice cold water or factor 15 sun lotion!There are plenty of sun loungers and brollies – and the kid's pool has is “covered” with a sail like material to block out the sun. At night the temperature is as hot as in the day but you’re on holiday aren’t you? If you don’t like the heat go to Blackpool!The hotel runs a free shuttle bus to the large shopping mall called Mall of the Emirates and this is great for shopping, eating and skiing! Prices are cheaper than the UK and there is a fantastic toy shop to keep the young ones interested!The hotel operates golf buggies that will take you anywhere in the hotel like Wild Wadi and the restaurants – but they also take you to the Burj and the Madinat which has an amazing shopping plaza called the Souk which you get to by boat – you must try it!We had afternoon tea at the Burj which whilst pricy was good fun - our son went to kids club with a babysitter and had a great time!We eat in most of the hotel restaurants and the Al Khayal was by far the best with the Beachcombers a close second.One of the best Hotels we have stayed and will definitely be back soon!	
Jul 25 2006 	Not so good Jumeriah Beach	I have to agree with the negative review just posted. I was not going to write this review as I did not want to admit to my disappointment with this hotel. We were so looking forward to our visit and were not treated very well. Out of ten nights our beds were turned down maybe five times. We got fruit on our first night only and the remenants of that along with the dirty plate was left there for four days unitl I eventually put it outside the door in disgust. We stayed club executive and the one encounter I had with the main reception was not pleasant. The male receptionist was bordering on being quite rude. We wanted to go visit the Burg but were told we could not take our children by one staff member and told we could by another. We checked with four members of staff and each had a different story. It was very frustrating. I did not like the main family pool. The bar was closed for renovation and the beds are starting to look a little worn. Anyway I do not think I would waste my hard earned money returning to this hotel. So now, I have said (some) of what was on my mind. Also we were given a price before we left home for the rooms we booked and they tried to charge us more when we got there. Luckily I was able to refer to a hard copy of my confirmation email.	
Jul 20 2006 	absolutely fantastic	we have just come back from a 7 night stay in the Jumierah beach hotel and 1 night in the Burj and I must say it was fantastic as usual, we have stayed at the Jumeirah beach hotel 3 times now and each time it just gets better and better. The food is out of this world and the service and fantastic. We ate at the Le Veranda (outside) and it was lovely, service brill! also at the Beach combers Buffet and this was fantastic so was the Marina,beautifull meal, THe Meat co. at the Mina salam had the best steak we had tasted until we went to the Villa on the beach and this then was the best steak in the world! we had two meals at he shopping mall where the ski slope is, one chinese one indian and we had a beautifull meal in both, better than any meal that we have had in a resturant back home! and this was in a shopping mall!!! and not at all expensive, i stilldont think of dubai as expensive as if you had half that treatment , service, and spectacular food over here you would be paying a lot more than this! Every body at the hotel was polite friendly and just so welcoming and every things was spotless and clean, the rooms beatifull and the view from the 7th fllor(balcony Delux) is still one of the best views in the world. Azmin who greeted us when we arrived is lovely and so helpfull, he arrangeda fantastic car to take us to the burj on the last night and just made us feel so a t home, as did every one else. Our only problem is that we wish we could have stayed longer as we wanted to eat a bit more! We did have the use of the Executive pool while here which was fantastic , but would have enjoyed it just the same had we used the main pool as this is what we have used before when we have stayed. The burj was awesome! it exceeded all our expectations and more and was well worth the £300 per night each just to have the icing on the cake!. we have been in the burj before for a look and a drink but nother compares to acturally staying in there and feeling that you belong and are not just a visitor and your room just takes your breathaway it is definately a must do! Jumeirah beach is the best place to stay in dubai, no building, lovely views and lovely people and the burj just made it better. start saving now. see you next year jumeirah beach hotel	
Jul 18 2006	Never go to Jumeriah Beach Hotel	On our arrival at 7am, we were offered breakfast in the English pub, food average, we had to ask 3 times for tea and coffee. We waited in the reception for our rooms, while waiting my husband asked if we could change to a three bedroom suit - price DH6,200. The total cost of our 3 rooms was DH6,700. We were offered a 2 bedroom villa which was much more expensive but was of no use to us, as we wanted to be together. Travelling with us was my elderly father and two teenage boys - 15 &amp; 17 years old. The receptionist said she would get back to us about the rooms, but she did not!!!!!.  At 2 o'clock two of the rooms were ready, 540 and 546. In room 546 the mini bar was empty and not working. In 540 there was a double bed and the shower was broken. We phoned reception about the bed and were told that it would be changed later. At 2.45 we were told that room 501 was ready, we went to the room with our cases and waited for the porter to bring the key up. Eventually we gave up waiting and went and collected the key ourselves from reception who informed us that they were busy!!!. At 10 PM we returned to our rooms to find the bed had not been changed in room 540, we phoned reception who told us that we would have to change rooms. At 10 o'clock at night after a very long day we had to repack my sons belongings and move to another room on another floor, room 611. While we were repacking the electricity went off, now we were using a torch to find our belongings in the room.  WE PHONED RECEPTION AGAIN!!!!!!!!!, who send an electrician to fix the lights, when he arrived the fuse had blown, a bell boy did help us move our belongings. Room 501 date 5th, 6th, 7th July. Our beds were not turned down or chocolates delivered, also on one day we had no bath mats and we requested cutlery for the fruit, the bath mats arrived promptly, but the cutlery turned up the next day.On our last evening there was a boat moored in the marina, which played constant loud music till 5am.  We would not recommend this hotel to anybody or stay there again!!!!!!!!!. Last year we stayed at the Al Qasr, which was more pleasurable holiday and we will be returning there again.	
Jul 15 2006	Truly magnificient!	What can i say a remarkable hotel. Been to Dubai two times before and stayed in city hotels in Deira and Bur Dubai with my mates. Because it was my honeymoon! I decided it had to be the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, built in the form of a wave! since it, the Burj Ul Arab and the Emirates Towers hotel are just breathtaking to look at! It was our next stop from having a week in stunning Hong Kong. After a 7 hour flight we arrived in Dubai at 4.30am being anxious about if we would have to hang around in the hotel lobby due to most hotels giving you a room after 12pm. An excellent transfer took us with the ride being approx 30min from the airport, this obviously depends on time of day and traffic. When we got to the hotel we filled out some details and were dealt with an excelent manner. We had a little look around, the lobby area had marble floor and had beautiful decor all round.They gave us a token to have a free mug of tea wich was refreshing and here's the best part we were also given a hotel mobile phone and were told that when our room was ready they would ring us to let us know. We were then escorted to a huge basement type room in which they had many single beds, this was obviously created for this kind of situation and thought it was an excellent idea, HOTELS TAKE NOTE!!! after a good sleep an invitation to a buffet breakfast for FREE went down well. Take note that all the perks we recieved would accumilate to being charged for a night stay in other hotels but this is what you call true customer service! we were taken personally by a member of staff to our room with guided info about the hotel. When she opened the door we were gobsmacked with the size and view of the room, let alone how big the bathroom was. The view was stunning with the gorgeous Burj Ul Arab hotel standing aloft the turquoise Gulf coast with the palm fringed beach glistening in the baking arabian sun. From then on we knew we were in for a treat, our stay was only for four nights before we moved on to the Shangri-La hotel for a further four night stay. During our stay our room was cleaned daily which you could tell, the breakfast room was a short walk but if you felt lazy a mobile cart took you. Very good range of buffet breakfast was served up enough for our fill. The bathroom was half the size of our room with the bath and shower being separate and kept clean by had working staff. we were given a wedding cake and card by the management with a postcard with stamp to send home. you get alot of perks at the hotel and one being free entry to Wild Wadi Waterpark next door, DONT MISS. Overall a truly great hotel in the sense that you know a member of staff will be there to catch your coin before it hits the ground!!!	
Jul 12 2006	if u have kids u'll be thankful	i went in Aug 2005i couldn't leave the hotel, my kids just loved it. the hotel has a family pool with a kids club, which is enjoyable but what my kids really loved (their father included) is the free access to the Wilde wadi (water park joining the hotel). this gave me all the time to go shopping without being noticed :)as a resident of the hotel u will also have free access to 3 high class hotels, with different restaurants, different bands playing in each hotel lobby, swimming pools, and a very beautiful souk (traditional market)i especially like the breakfast buffet; very rich and nourishing. the staff are kind and very friendly. my 5-month old baby got a gift and a card cause someone noticed that she is sick.	
Jul 11 2006	The best ever	Simply the best hotel i´ve ever been.The staff was 5 stars, the rooms, everything was too good to be true.I just want to thanks the jumeirah beach hotel, for making my honey moon a dream.Thank you	
Jul 10 2006	Very nice hotel stunning location	Myself and my husband visited the Jumeriah Beach Hotel for 5 nights from 4th July 2006 for a relaxing holiday and before the trip was a little concerned about it being referred to as the butlins of Dubai!. All in all we were impressed with the hotel and the staff in particular were very helpful.We flew premium economy with Virgin, which was very good. One of the few gripes we had was the fact that we arrived at the hotel at 8.15am but did not get our room until 1.15pm, they look after your luggage and you do have the option to change into beachwear if you want. The only other gripe are the lifts they take an age to come!We booked for club executive which I would very much recommend. This gives you a private limo from the airport, check-in at the 24th floor club exec lounge, free soft drinks, snacks and sandwiches all day so you don't need to buy lunch, free internet access and the best bit, free booze between 5-7pm every night and there are no children.. There is also more choice were you can eat breakfast, we ate at La Parrilla on the 25th floor most mornings and it was very quiet. Premium Leisure Club accommodates those families with children.Our room was very spacious and was on the 18th floor and had large floor to ceiling windows which gave us a stunning view of the Burj Al Arab and and the beaches and The Palm. This is something which you could never tire of. The bed was very large (6ft) and very very comfortable as were the pillows, in fact we had to set an alarm as we were sleeping in! The bathroom was also very spacious with a separate bath and walk in shower. You get free water in the exec rooms which you can take to the pool and just ask for a bucket of ice. You also get many products inc shower gel, shampoo, conditioner, factor 15 suncream, mouthwash to name a few. There are also bathrobes and slippers.We ate at The Marina Seafood Market, the food was excellant, but service not very good La Parilla food very good, but £70 for a bottle of Robert Mondavi Chardonnay, ouch!, Beachcombers very good buffet style and Go West the American diner, this had a live band in who were very good, but the diner was full to bursting with children which put us off slightly.The best food was at Pisces in the Madinat complex next door, absolutely stunning seafood restaurant, food and service. I would recommend that you ask them to choose a glass of wine to compliment each course.We also had Friday brunch at the Burj. Not cheap but the food could not have been better, an extensive buffet too much to remember but includes soup, numerous salads, seafood inc lobster, crab, jumbo prawns, breads, sushi, caviar, wasabi beef, Indian dishes, chinese, rice, potatoes, veg, fruit juices, cheeses, and dozens of different sweets.Overall we thought the JBH was a better hotel than we expected the executive pool is lovely has a swim up bar and has many little inlets with bubble jets in which you can relax! Also there were 10 lifeguards on duty all day long, why we don't know. The sunbeds are very comfy and plentiful as are the Parasols, which are very much needed in July! The beach is also very clean and there are enough loungers and parasols.Yes, it is hot in July but the hotel caters very well for this, the aircon is a good temperature and you get free ice lollies, cold towels and a man spraying you with ice cold water! Be warned though If you eat in the hotel this can be expensive as we found out!Seriously though if you don't want many kids about this may not be the hotel for you, we did find though at this time of year it was quieter and you could always find a quiet relaxing spot. If you do have kids this is a great hotel which caters for them well.	
Jul 4 2006	Wow! Excellent!	We booked the Jumeirah Beach Hotel as a surprise for my father's 50th - and boy oh boy did we pick the right place!This hotel is beautiful and the rooms just stunning, having stayed at other 5 star hotels this doesn't even compare. We stayed in a deluxe room which was ample for myself and my partner, with a huge bathroom and walk in shower.The pool area was spacious and you were treated like royalty as 'H2O man'/ice lolly providers and staff came round to ensure that you were comfortable and cool.The hotel restaurants although pricey were stunning, the Argentinian was our particular favourite with its gorgeous steaks and first class entertainment. This summed up the hotel staff, friendly, keen and willing to please!We had dinner in the Burj al Arab which as suggested in other reviews is beyond words. We ate in the Skyview restaurant which gave amazing views of the soon to be completed &quot;Palm&quot;.We also went on a Dune Buggying tour with 'Arabian Adventures' (book through the hotel - about £36 per person inc dinner!) which took us &quot;dune bashing&quot; followed by a very memorable view of watching the sunset - a unique experience.All in all I would suggest that everyrbody visits at least once in their lifetime. Dubai is &quot;happening&quot; right now with Dubai Land and many other major developments set to be compelte in the next couple of years.	
Jun 29 2006	Best hotel in Dubai?	My girlfriend and I stayed 7 nights at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel in Dubai. The hotel is massive, well designed, and extremely well looked after. Our room (a deluxe standard I think) was massive, with a huge and comfortable King Bed. When we checked in we were given two twins, but they switched us with no hesitation.The location of the hotel is stunning, with an amazing view of the Gulf and the Burj-Al-Arab. It is also right next to the Wild Wadi Water Park, which is good fun, and near the Madinat Jumeirah. The Mall of the Emirates is just a £1.50 taxi ride away and offers good shopping and cheap eating alternatives to the more expensive hotel options.The service at the hotel is certainly far-reaching, and the turn down staff do interesting things like leave towel animals in the room, and give you a sweatband and water bottle for if you choose to go jogging! At times we found it a bit too much though, and you can feel a bit overwhelmed.Some things you should know about the hotel though:There are dress codes for many of the restaurants, smart casual or 'elegant'. Not something I really expected staying at a beach resort.Similarly if you want to visit the Burj-Al-Arab you basically have to bring a suit if you're male.Not all of the staff's grasp of English is as good as they might lead you to believe.Currently they are renovating the Colonnade area where they usually serve breakfast, and the Pool Bar. There was no construction noise though and the hotel doesn't seem to suffer from the same problem many places in Dubai have of construction noise.Anyway, all in all I would recommend the Jumeirah Beach. We certainly had a very pleasant stay there.	
Jun 25 2006	Fabulous as in "Dallas" style!	The Hotel itself is amazing on every level. The decor is somewhat &quot;Dallas&quot; style and then some but the service is incredible and the fabulous choice of Restaurants is second to none. I would (having lived in Dubai for over 8 years) thoroughly recommend this as THE Hotel to stay in. Relaxing but with every possible luxury one could wish for. A word of warning though...don't ever travel to Dubai between June - end of August! You may think you like plenty of sun but the humidity and heat is nothing you will have ever experienced before, only wish it upon my very worst enemy! So, when you see those &quot;cheap&quot; bargain breaks to Dubai..they are cheap for a reason! My favourite Bar/Restaurants (possibly of all time) are the outside Grill Bar (fab. Seafood) and the Seafood Restaurant at the end of the pier. The Cocktail Bar is also quite lovely!	
Jun 23 2006	Fabulous Jameira Beach Hotel - Cant wait to go back !	My husband and myself spent one week over our 25th Wedding Anniversary at this fabulous hotel. We upgraded to the Executive Club and found the staff were much more than helpful and hardworking, they were very friendly (more like family), understanding and could not do enough for us. On the day of our arrival, it was around 7.30 in the morning we were shown to the Executive Club Suite, where we could freshen up, we were served coffee/tea and given a run down of the hotel and what it provides, all in a relaxed and friendly atmosphere. On the morning of our wedding anniversary 23rd May, Guest Relations sent to our room a chilled bottle of good quality champagne in a cooler with a card expressing their 'congratulations' - totally unexpected. We went to the Festival of Taste which, for the price we paid, was fabulous value for money. Wine and Champagne flowed like a waterfall - with no limits, as soon as you took a sip your glass was being refilled ! We met and made new friends, with whom we have kept in touch - it was a brilliant event.This hotel has thought of everything and much, much more.Families were well catered for. All the simming pools were surrounded by lifeguards who were friendly but professional. We even visited the 'Wild Wadi' waterpark, which is part of the hotel and that was great too.A large variety of restaurants available, catering for different tastes, and also a serve yourself cafe with lots of choice, which was very reasonably priced and you could refill your plate as many times as you wanted.Beautiful, clean, private beach. I have told everyone how great it is.I cannot praise this hotel enough and will now be re-visiting every year - I cannot wait !	
Jun 14 2006	What more do you want.	Arrived early and were shown to a courtesey suite to eat, drink and unwind, plenty of info to review in the little brochure they gave us. We got out beachwear and headed out. The beach butlers and pool attendants were so helpful and welcoming, we spent the day just lazing about, then we were allocated a 2 bed exec suite which was excellent, slippers, robes, shampoo, gel, everything we could need was provided. Breakfasts were plentiful and we spent our days either at wild wadi where there were so many life guards we felt our kids had excellent protection. We spent time on the beach with the same standard of lifeguard safety and also around the pools. We took the courtesey bus to the Mall of the Emirates and the Jewellery centre, and we took a tour of the Burj, which although breathtaking - not suitable for us mere mortals with noisy boisterous kids, but you have to see it to believe it! Evenings were rather quiet, a little piano music, good food, especially the Dhow and Anchor most nights a meal and drinks for 2 adults and 2 kids was around £60. Enjoyed a few peaceful nights on the balcony with a bacardi and coke, the kids were whacked after all day non stop water fun.Take your own booze, we could not buy any at the Carrefour supermarket so we were forced to buy the half bottle from our mini bar at £40.00so buy before you fly, pepsi in the minibar was 16 dirhams per can, but you could get 6 cans of pepsi at carrefour for 5 dirhams.All of the hotel staff look at you and acknowledge you with a smile and hello, its a bit strange at first but very polite and welcoming. If you have a problem, they really try to help, you don't need to get shirty with them, it's not spain, just explain the problem and they sort it out for you.You must repect their beliefs and not go to breakfast in your bikini or be too revealing or go traipsing through the middle of reception soaking wet, there is no need for it.	
Jun 10 2006	Fabulous*****	Nothing else needs to be said - It was absolutely FABULOUS!!!! Great Hotel for a Family. My children LOVED it!!! Probably one of the BEST hotels I've ever stayed; and I only stay in the best!!!	
Jun 8 2006	Great Hotel!	We stayed in the JBH on our return from Mauritius.This hotel is excellent. Its worth its 5 stars. The hotel is very clean and tidy. The rooms are spacious and tidied each day.We got a 4th floor room with a sea view balcony. The view of the Burj Al Arab was spectacular, especially at night.The hotel checks in at 2.00, we arrived early at 9.00am and were given breakfast and our luggage stored. Few hotels look after you like this.The room was made ready by 12.00 and we had our bags already delivered.The hotel itself is huge. However it is very, very clean and well maintained. Yes there are kids about and I noted a few other reviews complained about this but such is life! The majority of the kids were either in the kids pool and club or in Wild Wadi.Wild Wadi is worth a visit too as the water rides cool you down fast.The JBH runs a complementary hourly shuttle to the new Emirates Mall which has over 400 shops and the worlds largest indoor Ski scope at Ski Dubai. Its well worth a visit.The beach is tidy and there is plenty of staff who come round with complementary ice lollies which was appreciated in the very hot conditions. The breakfasts available are very nice with plenty of variety on offer. Yes, its somewhat overshadowed by its bigger brother, the 7 star Burj al Arab, which you can visit for free from the JBH after 11pm. However the BAA is a hotel where you feel you have to tip toe around and every body there is looking at the guy beside them seeing what they are wearing and what watch they have on their wrist. The JBH whilst an excellent 5 star does not make you feel the need to be pretentious and you can be yourself.Overall, a great hotel and certainly worth the visit.	
Jun 8 2006	Will DEFINITELY be returning!	I spent 2 nights at the Jumeirah Beach hotel on a recent trip to Dubai. I have to say that it was the best hotel I have ever stayed in, as regards facilities, luxury, and service.On checking in we were told that our room wasn't yet available and that they would call us as soon as it was ready. The room didnt become available until 3pm, and the staff apoloigised profusely for the delay. We then got a call from the guest services manager who also apologised profusely for the delay, and offered to provide complimentary dinner and soft drinks that night to make up for the inconvenience. We enjoyed our dinner that night, and when we returned to the hotel room we found a letter of apology as well as a bottle of wine! Our room was lovely-balcony room with a great view of the Burj al arab and the beach. There are 72 tv channels, a well stocked mini bar, and the room was as big as many suites i have stayed in.There are an excellent selection of restaurants in the hotel, although some of them are quite pricey, especially when you factor in the price of alcohol (which is generally quite pricey in Dubai). Because taxis are cheap and readily available its worth getting out and visiting other restaurants. There are lots of nices places for a drink in the hotel, especially the bar on the 24th floor which has amazing viewsThe gym is absolutely excellent, a great range of equipment, helpful staff, complimentary water headphones and cold towels, as well as everything you could possibly need in the shower rooms-including shampoo, razors, mouthwash, deodorant, cleanser etc-all complimentaryThere are plenty of things to do including visiting the water park which is not just for kids-we are in our 20s and enjoyed ourselves there. The private beach is lovely, as are the pools. There are golf buggies available to take you along the paths to nearby hotels like the Madinat which is stunning and well worth a visit-especially at night.It was definitely the excellent customer service which clinched this for us. On checking out we were told that we were welcome to have our bags stored for the day and encouraged to continue to use all the facilities because in the words of the porter 'you are a guest of the Jumeirah beach hotel until you leave-not until you check out'Bliss-will definitely be returning	
Jun 6 2006	excellent as usual paradise	We have stayed at this hotel four times in the past, the last one being for seven days in Sept 2005. we paid for premium leisure which is definately worth the small extra cost. Usual flight out by Emirates from Manchester, these have got to be the best airline in the world by far, comfy seats, roomy and free drinks. arrival was early next morning and we were met at the airport by the staff from the hotel, didnt even queue up in the passport control, he took us straight up to the front of the queue and had us through in seconds. The waiting car for the transfer was usual high spec, top of the range Merc and the driver presented us with complimentary bottle of cold water and cold towel on a platter. On arrival at hotel we were whisked up to the private check in for premium leisure guests and given our room immediately. Room as usual was excellent, clean, tidy and cleaned at least three times a day by friendly staff. The bath is big enough to swim in and the View is absolutely amazing and no matter how many times you see it, it takes your breath away. The restaurants are busy, expecially the argentinian (La parilla) but what food, go for the 500g steak, knife fell through it like butter. La veranda also busy, but probably best reastuarnt there for value is Go west on the ground floor, burgers size of plates and great entertainment. This restaurant is also very children friendly. As a premium leisure guest you also have the benefit of a private beach which is excellent and amazingly clean. The sea is alos crystal clear and is warmer than most baths. There is also a nice beach which takes you right underneath the shadow of the Burj, when we were there in June of 2005 we walked past Ashley Cole and Cheryl Tweedy as though they were normal people, also had professional football players staying in hotel. Beware though the temp in June, July &amp; August is well over 100. The grounds were amazingly clean and well kept and this hotel is without doubt the best I have stayed in anywhere in the world. The cocktail bar on the 24th floor is excellent, although in the summer months the open air veranda is usually closed due to the high temps, was when we went but as it was also our engagement the manager (Abi) opened it for us and laid a table on and champagne and strawberries, couldnt fault that evening at all. Also as a premium leisure guest you have breakfast in the La parilla restaurant which is much quieter and more relaxed, also has fantastic views. Over all, this hotel presents excellent value for money and is definately paradise. Will be returning every year as usual and after four trips cannot fault the hotel or staff once.	
Jun 5 2006	Fantastic Hotel we loved it!!!!	This hotel is fabulous, Premium Leisure is definately worth it, you get breakfast which can be eaten in Prem Leisure Club, Collanade or Beachcombers (absolutely loads to choose from), Afternoon tea which you have in Prem Leisure or Beachcombers (Prem Leisure Club is better), it begins at 3, but if you time your breakfast right, have afternoon tea for lunch, lots of sandwiches, canapes, fruit, scones with jam &amp; cream etc, etc...... and then from 6 is pre dinner drinks with canapes, well worth going for this, beers &amp; wine, as much as you like and canapes. Remember alcohol is expensive in Dubai so this is well worth it!!The service is exceptional, staff are so helpful &amp; friendly. The kids club staff are great, although my kids only went twice the staff always remembered them (&amp; us) by name &amp; were great with the kids.The view from the bedrooms is amazing ( one of the reasons I wouldn't stay anywhere else), you can see The Burj, the beaches, the harbour, Jumeirah Palm in the distance, the hotel pools, it is amazing, almost unreal when you look from your window.The construction work around Dubai is further up nearer Jumeirah Palm, they're building a lot of high rises around there, near a lot of the other hotels.There are 3 pools, all large, a family pool next to Kids Club, it is graduated into water, like a beach, and has a small slide, behind it is the beach on Marina, where you can see little fish and find crabs!!! The next pool along is larger &amp; has a poolside bar, and last but not least is the Exec Club pool, this is a great pool, a nice poolside bar where you can swim up &amp; enjoy your drink viewing The Burj, it has lots of little 'coves' which have seats and jacuzzis, and it has a great part for smaller kids, which has things for them to play on i.e. a seesaw that sprays water, kids loved it!!! The only downfall with Exec Pool is it's a bit of a walk from hotel &amp; you get very hot on the way there (they've almost stopped buggies taking you there because of an accident???). Staff will find sunbeds for you, put towels on &amp; position brolley where you want it, they also come around with cold faceclothes, lollies and a cooling mist while you're at the pool.If you have kids take those UV swimsuits and a hat for them, as they'll spend a lot of time in pool &amp; you don't want them burnt!! Also remember your flipflops to get from your sunbeds to pool, as floor is very, very hot!!!!There's a clinic downstairs if you should ever need a doctor, they were great when I had to take my son when one of his milk teeth managed to twist around, but was still too attached to pull out, we did end up going to a dentist to remove it (who were also fantastic!).I cannot tell you enough about this holiday &amp; how much we enjoyed it, we will definately return to Dubai &amp; will definately stay at JBH.Restaurants were very good, excellent steaks at La Parilla.	
Jun 3 2006	deserves even more stars	family of 4 just returned from 'fact finding' trip to dubai (werent sure it was for us as we usually like USA) 4 nights in jumeirah beach 2 nights burj al arab.this hotel was absolutely fantastic...as was dubai in general. the hotel has the wow factor before you even arrive.our flight meant we arrived 130am but the place was buzzing with staff and guests.the exterior is just stunning and when you walk in the lobby and look up the atrium takes your breath away.the room was great and every need attended to (no tea and cofee facilities in room but they leave lots of bottles of water each day) a bowl of fruit was left each day and there was always something we had never eaten before on it.we stayed in a standard deluxe room on the 3rd floor. what an imaginative design ...every single room has a sea view.the pools and outside areas were clean and big and exciting.we never even saw a cloud .. the coldest day was 98 the hottest 102 but its a nice heat...no humidity.the wild wadi is fantatsic too ..and free.breakfast buffet world class.as my daughter is mc chicken nugget dependent we generally ate in the malls food courts where the food variety was huge and much cheaper than UK.i think the keys to the sucess of the hotel are....1, there are an awful lot of staff mostly indian and they are truly welcoming and friendly and when they tell you to have a nice day they really seem to mean it.2, the hotel is huge with outstanding facilities but only 600 odd rooms... the average american resort may have upwards of 2000 rooms and not as big or as many facilities... this is where the hotel wins hands down.3, i dont think hotels in this group are built to any sort of budget.. they build what they believe guests will want and enjoy and do it superbly.the monolith that is the burj al arab is always in view and we stayed there 2 nights BUT, if you have kids the jumeirah beach is by far the best hotel.all we want to do now we are home is book a longer stay next year.	
Jun 2 2006	Not what we expected	It started badly - we had to queue for forty minutes to check in. When we got to the room the view was completely obliterated by a concrete pillar so we asked to be moved and this took an entire afternoon. Later that evening, my husband was served raw chicken and I was given vegetarian soup with pieces of meat in it. Our stay improved after that - the location is very glamourous and the staff friendly. The Wild Wadi Water Park was brilliant fun. For a large hotel it does pretty well but you don't get the personal service you might expect.	
May 29 2006	loved the villa	just got back(26) may. stayed 6 nights booked premum leisure uprgaded to a two bed villa, own plunge pool butler service buggy on call 24hrs the works.we go again in aug with the rest of the family, so fingers xs the service was and always has been top notch .they are just about to start big refurb so next year should be even better, my grand kids take me around the wild wadi every day.The new pool is great plenty of beds ,no need to put your towels out at 6 in the morning there are staff on duty to see to that everyone gets the bed they want, they come and move your umberella when you want,every now and then someone comes round with lollies, then a strawberry smoothie only small but nice all the same, the man who comes with the ice cold fine water spray is amazed why every one seems to do a little dance as the spray is so cold but very refreshing in the heat.Nothing is too much trouble for the staff they seem to remember you from last time, 10 out of 10 thats why we keep going back and with all the improvements it just seems to get better.	
May 27 2006	Brilliant	I loved staying at this hotel - We were fortunate to be upgraded to Executive - Why I don't know, just lucky I guess. Were going back this year and will book Executive - it was just so good. The service we received as 1st class throughout. The restaurants can be a bit expensive. But why would you want to eat in the same hotel each night. When there is a vast range of excellent eating places in Dubai which I found to be excellent value for money.	
May 22 2006	Fantastic time great for kids too.	Fantastic for kids, we had the time of our lives, great food, breakfast buffet is so huge you could eat all morning. The childrens buffet in the evening is such a good idea, you know they will be able to get something they like. Staff friendly, beach stunning. You have to go!	
May 21 2006	One of the Best in the World!	Stayed at the Jumeirah Beach for 4 nights in May 2006 and was very impressed. This truly is a five star hotel. The grounds and hotel are absolutely immaculate. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful - the service on the gorgeous private beach is amazing (be warned though, they check the rooms several times a day, knock very quietly and can burst into the room when you have just got out of the shower!!).We ate on the terrace at the Italian restaurant one evening and it was very impressive - with over 20 places to eat, you are never stuck for choice. The view from our room on the 19th floor was the best I have ever seen - the Burj Al Arab, Arabian Sea, private beach and pool spread out in front of you - paradise!The Wild Wadi waterpark is free and opens early for hotel residents. It is great fun, but be warned the Jumeirah Scarah (huge kamikazee slide) and Whitewater Wadi (30 minute float and thrills on a rubber ring) caused some nasty bruising on my back and rear!I really cannot find fault with Jumeirah and will look forward to returning soon - truly a world class five star paradise!!	
May 3 2006	Fabulous	Our whole family flew to JBH for Christmas this year it absolutely fabulous and half of the family are returning for more spoiling. A trip to the Burj for dinner in the Sea Food restaurant is a must. Although pricey the money is well spent and the staff couldnt do enough. The New Years Eve Party is the most amazing event you will ever attend and certainly a must for the Xmas trip. Will defintely be returning to Dubai in the near future hopefully encorporating a couple of nights in the Burj.	
Apr 29 2006	Dated over-rated and pricey!	Despite all the hype about this Hotel - it is really very average.It is 7 years old - and shows - the fittings are already dated.The restaurant prices are outrageous - for very average food. Have stayed at better 4star hotels.Poor value for money. Over-run with families and kids.Seems to be very popular with people from ex communist block europe.	
Apr 19 2006	Fantastic Hotel	Just back from an Easter break at the JBH and must say I cannot fault this place at all. It was a great service from beginning to end. We had transfers included in our package and were whisked through immigration and helped collecting luggage etc. The limo was lovely with a cold towel and water given - a nice touch in the heat!Check in was smooth and the hotel room itself is lovely, a very good sized bathroom with walk in shower, very much needed with the beach. Every night a turn down service and Godiva chocolates what more could you want? The restaturants were lovely and the beach was great, with all staff ever ready to help. The ice lollies at the beach was a definite nice touch with the sweltering heat! There were a number of swimming areas, catering for the kids and adults alike!The shuttle service to the Souk and Malls was handy as was the buggy service which transports from all the hotels e.g. Burj, Madinat etc.The staff in particular are very well trained and remember you by name, which gives a close touch which is commendable considering the size of the hotel!I would definitely go back to this hotel....missing it already!	
Apr 11 2006	Fantastic Hotel	I can only add the same as everyone else...this is a fab holiday resort, made even more brilliant by being connected to the Mina A'Salam, Al Qasr and the Burj by buggies and waterways. Even though the first three are huge hotels, you would never know it as they never feel crowded, whether you are in the hotel, at the pool or on the beach. We were on a half board tariff but means you can have dinner in the other hotels (not the Burj) with just a small added supplement. Important to note that for the good restaurants you need to book in advance - for the Burj we booked 2 weeks in advance!!!I could not find fault at any of these hotels - and will definitely be going again.	
Apr 10 2006	welcome to paradise	I´ve stayed at Jumeirah after a business trip for 5 days. Starting the holidays with a big problem: The rooms were overbooked and not ready by 5pm. Free drinks and food helped, but what followed was fantastic. I´ve gotten a suit for free and that is service you gan only afford by booking a 5 star hotel.FANTASTIC food, in all restaurants, drinks, pool service, room service but really disappointing service in the lobby bar. It needed about 15 minutes to get a soda.So if I´d come back this september and bring my family with me, I really hope they worked the last service probs up.	
Mar 11 2006	Great Hotel	Just returned from a week in the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. I was quite sceptical before going as to whether we'd enjoy the holiday, not being &quot;big hotel&quot; sort of people but I can honestly say we had a fantastic break. We took the overnight flight with BA so arrived at the hotel at about 9am - don't bother with the hotel transportation - the taxis at the airport are clean and professional/ air conditioned and there was no queue when we arrived. It cost around 40 - 50 dirham (under £10) to reach the hotel. Check in is not technically until 2pm. We were able to leave our luggage, change, go out to the beach and they then gave us a phone to call us when our room was ready. We were in our room by 12pm but dumped our stuff and then went back out. We asked for a room on a higher floor and got one on the 22nd floor with an amazing view - the rooms are large and well equipped - I'm not sure I'd bother with a balcony - it can be quite chilly in the evenings and you miss out on the amazing floor to ceiling windows overlooking the sea - all rooms have a sea view. We had fresh fruit in the room every day and nice Godiva Chocolates each night with the turn down service. They also leave plenty of water for you.Things to do - Wild Wadi is right next door and JBH guests have free entrance every day - great for big and small kids alike(we don't have any small kids, but my husband was quite excited about the &quot;jumeirah Sceirah&quot; ride).The Mall of the Emirates is either a free shuttle away or not more than £2 in a taxi each way. Huge shopping mall with all you can ask for. Prices not necessarily cheaper than the UK but as we don't get much time to leisurely browse the shops, we went one evening after the beach, did a bit of shopping and then ate at the excellent Lebanese restaurant just by the ski slope (!!) - great food and very good value.JBH has a lovely beach to sit on with full service for drinks etc and free ice lollies at around 11am and 2pm (all safe to eat !) which was a nice touch and very welcome. Lovely breeze every day and the sea is clear and nice to swim in. The view from the beach is out to sea (ie no construction work to speak of) and the huge Burj hotel towering out of the sea. Although &quot;The World&quot; development is happening far out to sea somewhere beyond the horizon, we could only just see it from our room on 22nd floor - so for Dubai at the moment, this hotel is great if you don't want your holiday marred by construction work.Things to do - there is obviously the gold souk in Dubai - don't try to get there earlier than 8 - 8.30pm - we ended up in traffic for over an hour at 7.00pm which was frustrating for what is a 20 min journey. It's open until around 10.30pm so plenty of time. My husband played golf (even if you are a lone golfer - the clubs will match you up to make up a four ball - non golfers can't accompany the golfer round the course) - rounds are £75 - £100 green fees. There are probably lots of other activities but we were there for a bit of R &amp; R so didn't investigate too far.Food etc, Jumeirah have also built the two/three hotels Madinat/Mina Salam/Al Qsr which can be reached from JBH via regular hotel buggy or by shuttle- they are a stone's throw away. These other hotels are huge but surrounded by and connected by water and you can take free water taxis around ( a fun novelty factor) . The &quot;complex&quot; of hotels also houses a whole host of restaurants, some Jumeirah owned and some not but you should find something to suit - We ate in the Noodle House (excellent Wagamama /oriental type food) and Toscana (no bookings but nice pizzas) and also the PaiThai (also good) there is a wider range of choice of food over here (and budget if you find the prices are quite high at JBH). You do need to book some (The Meat Co. for eg was booked the two nights we tried) There is also the &quot;souk&quot; where you can buy &quot;local&quot; goods and you'll also find the chain coffee and sandwich shops if you're in need of a Frappuccino (!) . A bit Vegas/Disney feel to it, but really nicely done. There is also a Nail Bar over there with nice manicure/pedicures for the ladies (bargain at £15 for the two) As to prices eating out - not amazingly impressed by the Jumeirah B restaurants - a bit too &quot;hotelly&quot; for us, but perfectly adequate. The Marine Seafood at JBH had an interesting menu and the food was good- for lunch - For lunc, we liked the Waterfront by the Marina - nice setting and better quality food than by the pool. We generally paid for two around £20 - £30 for dinner (no wine and maybe a couple of beers - being pregnant not a big drinker at the moment) or a bit more if you went upmarket. Lunch around £10 per head. Our only moan is that they charge 100 dirham for a buffet breakfast (£16) per person. We didn't want a massive breakfast every day and the continental is near enough £11 per head. Depends what you want, but you can get coffees to go and buy pastries from the Viennese cafe if you just want a coffee and croissant. We also found an excellent Japengo cafe in the Madinat Jumeirah where they did a lovely breakfast sitting outside by the water for a change.As a couple we didn't find having lots of kids around at all off putting. The hotel caters for couples and families really well without one I reckon annoying the other. There are designated areas for children to have as much of a great time as we were having. All in all, if you want a relaxing week in the sun in a great hotel, not too far from the UK (which makes the relaxing element even more attractive) - although it isn't the cheapest Dubai hotel option, in my opinion it's worth every penny. If you are a small/boutique hotel person wanting culture and tranquility in the middle east, I suspect that this isn't for you - you might prefer the Chedi in Muscat (Oman).....	
Mar 8 2006	Jumeirah Beach Hotel one of the best!	We stayed here in February 2005 and had a great week, even though the weather was not the best.We decided to go back to Dubai during the kids fall break (first week of October) and this time we decided to split the eight nights in two, four nights at JBH and four nights at the neighbour hotel, Madinat Al Qasr.Last time (in February) we were the whole family, five of us, two adults, son 20 years old and two daughters, 18 and 12 years old. We had booked two rooms, premium leisure, and when we arrived we were upgraded to a two bedroom suite!!!! Lucky us! It was beautiful!This time, in October, our oldest daughter was not travelling with us, so it was just four of us. We had this time also booked two premium leisure rooms, and we got two rooms next to each other, and it worked out great. We were treated with a free bottle of champagne in the room at our arrival, due to our anniversary. That night we had dinner at La Parilla, and they came with a nice anniversary cake to our table after the meal. Nice touch!Every staff member is so kind and service minded, and there a so many nice restaurants, you won't have enough evenings to eat at all of them.....When we were here in October they worked on a new pool for the club/premium leisure guests. I think it was scheduled to be finished by January 1st. 2006. I think this will make the premium leisure deal even more attractive, since the regular pool area is kind of crowded when the hotel is fully booked, and as I understand, they almost are all the time.They also worked at a couple of attractions in the Wild Wadi when we were there, so the entrance directly from the hotel was closed. We had to use the main entrance, so it was a little more inconvenient, but OK.We had pre-booked Friday brunch at the Al Muntaha on the 27th floor at Burj Al Arab. Last time, in February we tried to get a table after we arrived in Dubai, but they were full booked for a month, so this time we booked our table a couple of months in advance. It's expensive, but worth every penny. Very good food and top level service! We got a window table, amazing views of the Palm. A great experience, but we were lucky we didn't stay at Burj. It's just toooo much!!!After four nights at the JBH we continued to the Al Qasr for four nights. Both hotels are great, difficult to compare. I'm sure we will stay at both again in the future!	
Feb 24 2006	Nothing but the Best	We have just recently returned from Dubai and the Jumeriah beach Hotel. Having been to Dubai many times, it was a pleasure to be staying at the Jumeriah Beach Hotel. We emailed ahead to the conceriege to let them know that we were coming and to ask for a pick up. On arrival at the airport they paged us and then walked us through immigration avoiding all of the Ques. We were then whisked off in a brand new BMW 7 series. The hotel was superb, we had a balcony room and the service was nothing but excellent. The turn down service was very novel with a different animal made out of towels presented to us each evening... Food was excellent, pools superb... One afternoon whilst lazying by the pool we were presented with free lemon ice lollies to cool us down ! All other hotels should follow this level of service.. Nothing but the best...	
Feb 21 2006	Well worth its rating but it is a resort	This hotel is well deserving of its 5* rating ... the hotel was immaculate, the rooms were spacious and comfortable, the staff was the most friendly we've encountered, and there seems to be a limitless list of things to do and great places to eat on the resort. The hotel offers a bus shuttle service to the nearby supermalls.It is a resort and is ideal for families with children (weather, pool, beach and waterpark, shopping combination). But you don't get the feeling you're anywhere in particular when on the resort. If you want to experience the &quot;old&quot; (&quot;real&quot;?) Dubai, you'll have to travel about 30 minutes depending on traffic to get to the Deira/Creek area. In fact, as helpful as the concierge was about some things, they seemed rather uninformed about some of the less Westernized things we were interested in away from the resort. We wanted to get a sense of the culture of Dubai and had to travel a decent distance every day to get to it.When we get to the family vacation days, we'll consider this hotel again, but if we return for more Dubai culture, we'll probably stay closer to the Creek.Also important to note, many people arrive in Dubai on very early flights (we landed at 5am). We had decided to book the room for the night before our morning arrival to ensure that we'd be able to check in on arrival. It was an excellent decision, as the hotel was fully booked. There were several bleary-eyed persons who had arrived at a similar time as us still waiting in the lobby for their room when we emerged - rested and showered - for brunch.	
Feb 20 2006	An excellent hotel	Just got back fro half term week at this hotel, comes highly recommended especially if you have school age kids, like mine, 5 and 9. We arrived at 10.30am in the morning, they said our room wasn't ready so were offered complimentary drinks, fruit, cake etc.After such a long flight we expected our room to be ready earlier, but actually wasn't ready until 2.30pm.Later that evening, a lovely apologetic letter with a very nice bottle of wine and a leather bound box of arabic sweets. Being half term week all 600 rooms were full, although busy never seemed overcrowded.Breakfast a lavish affair with just about everything.So many facilities for everybody, watersports, gym, beauty treatments. Excellent beach area, unspoilt by building work ( except on roads outside back of hotel ) For the kids, Sinbads Kids club, very attentive polite staff, so friendly with the kids you always knew they were in safe hands, so many lifeguards. Wild Wadi a must for small kids and big kids alike, we had a couple of hours in there every day, kids couldn't get enough of it, although my youngest can't swim, life jackets provided and so many staff watching it was never a problem. Also with the added bonus of entrance an hour before the public.Restaurants excellent - kids can have their own buffet if need be. We ate in the Seafood Marina on our own, excellent food and views. Would recommend Beachcombers for a meal, excellent buffet with the added advantage of great views of the Burj and the kids can play on the beach while you eat. Service was a little slow at times, probably due to hotel being full. Did the desert safari with my kids ( even though they say minimum age is 6 ). Having done this once before without my kids I would say that the 'Dune Bashing' was a little long and made us all nauseous. Food at the 'camp' was excellent, and kids very proud of their henna tatoos.Another point I would like to make is that, Travellers cheques a waste of time, took some Dirhams for first day or so then charged everything to the room and paid on credit card, so easy. Also cash machines readily available to draw out cash from home.Took us at least half an hour to cash some travellers cheques in the city, was a real hassle, plus most shops etc give same deal for credit card as cash.So much building going on in Dubai at the moment, will be a fantastic metropolis in a couple of years, would love to come back then and see the changeAll in all an excellent holiday, temp. 24-30 degrees throughout the week.Not what I would call a cheap holiday for a week but a thoroughly enjoyable one and would definitely return here with the children	
Feb 19 2006	Great for kids	We stayed at this hotel for a week in early February - two adults and our 10 and 6 year old girls in a Premium Leisure room.The hotel lives up to its reputation as having excellent standard of service and there's tonnes to do for the kids. We made use of the free entry to Wild Wadi almost every day and the kids loved having the park (almost) to themselves from 10 till 11am. Kids club was great, only cricism would be the lack of kids in their for our girls to make friends with, but you cant blame the hotel for that. There is an itinerary for the kids, but there was so few there that the 'carers' allowed our kids to choose exactly what they wanted to do.Premium Leisure is worth the little bit extra that you pay. Free soft drinks, afternoon tea and pre-dinner alcoholic drinks and canapes. The new executive pool is great too.The staff cant do enough for you and all in all it was a very relaxing holiday, despite there being lots to do in the resort.There are lots of restaurants which are good quality whithout being totally outstanding. The asian buffet in beachcombers was great though.One slight criticism would be that the standard room isnt a great size for two adults with two kids. We'd probably look at getting a suite next time if we can afford it.	
Feb 18 2006	Brilliant Service	Arrived in Dubai at 5am from Manila tired. Well worth having a car to meet us and whisked through - into our fab balcony room by 6.15am. Staff very helpful and courteous throughout.A pricey trip but well worth it - very comfortable and luxurious. Only glitch was problems with entertainment system in room, but we could live with that.Restauarants top class, but very expensive, especially the wine. Recommend Argentian on the 24th floor.Pool and beach area well kept - its great when the guy brings the ice lolly round and even takes the wrapper off for you.Make sure you get a visit across to the Burj and the Skydeck Bar - brilliant views. Also try the sunset trip into the desert - one of the best day trips I've been on.	
Feb 13 2006	paradise	You must go,don't think about it just go. Everything is just perfect we have been every year for the last 6 and I dream of the place daily!! I have nothing but praise for staff, the food, the room and just about everything else.wild wadi is a hoot if you have kids they will be in their element and there are no entrance restrictions you don't get one entry a week it is all day everyday.Have only just discovered trip advisor so just thought I'd add my two peneth.when they call it a luxury hotel they mean luxury.	
Feb 10 2006	Pricey and worth it	Stayed for a long weekend at the beginning of FebArrived at 3am, balcony room ready, luggage beat us there!. Room service absulutely superb. Breakfast arrived preciseley to the minute requested. All rooms have sea views. And NO building to trouble you unlike what seems the whole of Dubai.Nice pools, we had no problems getting good location sun beds at around 11am. Word of caution that 2 of the pools are in the shade for much of the morning - more reason not to get up too early.For those with children, there are full time life guards at every pool and lots of them too. And there is a child only pool and play area - very well staffed with adult relaxation area adjacent to keep a watch out too.Excellent gym and sportclub/spa. Free to useQuality of staff throughout is absolutely top notch. No waiting for service at any time. Concierge knowledgable and very honest. Told us to take a taxi for a quarter of the cost back to airport instead of a hotel arranged car. Taxi waiting for us when we left.22 restaurants available. We got bookings in the morning for our requested places without a hitch. Only grumble is the markup on wine is around 500% (yes you read that correctly). Food quality really good (although not cheap). Wadi water park next door free to use. Looked good but we didnt go. Nice shopping but unusually more for men than women. Pharmacy well stocked too.One word of caution. DONT arrive at the airport without a car or shuttle bus arranged to take you to the hotel. Taxi pick up awful and very long queues.Cant wait to go again.	
Feb 5 2006 	fantasic hotel amazing	i stayed at this hotel late jan 06, as part of an educational run by the dubai tourism board and emirate. the hotel was superb, everything about it was truly amazing, the staff are the friendliest and kindest people you could ever meet, they certainly cannot do enough for you, even when they see you getting out of the lift with your suitcase upon checkout they quicky carry it for you. i checked in around 10am and was pampered with fresh fruit smmothies and cakes, i went to my room on the 12th floor and sat back and enjoyed the view whilst my case was brought to me. all rooms have a sea view overlooking the private marina and the Burj Al Arab. complementarty wine, chocolates, water, and fruit were placed in my room daily. the rooms are really spacious, with the comfiest beds i have ever slept on. there is a variety of restaurants and bars, with a couple on the beach. great selection of shops on the seconds floor. you also get free entry into the wild wadi water park, which was truly amazing, definitely go on the biggest slide, it was fab but try to remember to wear a costume rather than a bikini!!! if you know what i mean. all in all, truly amazing!!!!	
Feb 2 2006	AWESOME!!!!!	We went to this hotel mid January as a surprise for my Mum and Dad. They had been raving about this place for years and I managed to find out who they booked it with and we had similar flight time just from either end of the UK!We upgraded to Club Executive with the hotel and it was worth every penny! From being met off the plane, walked through passport control and our private transfer to the hotel the people were fantastic. When we arrived at the hotel approx 8am, we were greated with smiles and people who seemed genuinely pleased to see us! We checked in with the Executive reception, no waiting around, drinks and light snacks were available to us immediately! We were in our room within about 20mins having a shower! The hotel managed to get us a room next to my Mum and Dads and we told them that we were here as a surprise and they offered to let us wait in my mum and dads room! We waited in the bar for them instead and the reception down stairs rang ours to tell us they were coming up in the lift!! Everyone there was so very helpful and friendly.The hotel itself is magnificent! It is always spotlessly clean. The rooms are very large and roomy and they all have sea views. Fresh fruit is replaced daily along with animals made out of towels, complete with stick on eyes!! We had quite a collection by the end of our stay!!!!The swimming pools are manned by life guards from when the sun starts to come up to when the last person leaves. There is a life guard about every 20yds! There really is no need to leave the hotel, there are plenty of restaurants and bars!! The buffet is always a great place to start!Should you want to go in to the city then a taxi will only cost you around £6 each way, bargain!Just keep an eye on the price of wine, it really isnt cheap, but all other alcoholic beverages are reasonibly priced.We are already looking into booking our next trip to this paradise!!! June 2006!!!!!!	
Jan 28 2006	It was Great!	We stayed here in November 2005 and it was fantastic. We have stayed in 5* hotels all around the world and this beats them all. The pools and beach were great fun, all the staff were very friendly and helpful (not expecting tips like in America!). An added bonus was it's next to Wild Wadi, entry is free and it's the best Waterpark in the world! The uphill fumes are amazing!If you can afford it, upgrade to a Premium Leasure/Executive room. The afternoon tea's are terrific and with the new Executive only pool now open it well worth it!	
Jan 16 2006	5 Star Luxury	If you have never been to Dubai and you can afford to stay here, I urge you to book this hotel. It is by far the best in Dubai (in my humble opinion, with all things taken into account such as the private beach area and access to the Burj Al Arab). We stayed here from 7th to 14th January 2006 and it was superb. We stayed in a Deluxe room on the 7th floor (just right). The rooms are huge and luxurious. I'm glad I didn't pay extra for a balcony room as some of them appeared to be below the 7th floor. No need for a balcony with the huge floor to ceiling picture window. The hotel is designed so that every room has a superb view of the Burj Al Arab and beach area.Complimentary robes, slippers, chocolates, water, fruit and drink greeted us when we arrived.Each day complimentary fruit, chocolates and water were left in the room.There is a mini bar in the room that has everything from wine, spirits and water to chocolate bars and cigarettes. I found the mini bar too expensive though.The staff are so nice and polite. But there again everyone we encountered in Dubai were very nice and polite.There are approx 22 restaurants in and around this hotel (all within 2 minutes walk or by elevator).The prices can be high in the restaurants. Meals aren't too expensive dependant on where you eat but you will get stung with drinks. Cheapest bottle of wine around £35.00. A small bottle of beer £6.00.The beach area is very clean. Wonderful sand and clear water. Its worth getting breakfast included with your package as it can be expensive to buy. It is worthwhile though (a huge breakfast buffet).You may want to travel out of the complex to find cheaper places to eat and buy cheaper provisions for your room (wine, snacks etc). But there is no easy way to do this as I didn't spot any supermarkets within reasonable walking distance. You could always get a taxi though. I recommend a trip to the Gold Souk. Just get a taxi at the hotel (£10.00 approx each way). Lots and lots of good quality gold and you can haggle away. Good to start at about half or just above half of advertised price and work your way up. Always ask what the &quot;best price is&quot; and half it. BUT when they insist they can't lower it anymore, they usually mean it.Hope this has been some help.	
Jan 3 2006	fantastic hotel	we stayed at the jumeirah for 5 nights and both my husband and i found it to be a wonderful place to stay.Nothing was too much trouble and everyone was polite and always smiling whatever time of day .We had two seperate but adjacent rooms for ourselves and our two children aged 14 and 11 and we found it nice to have our own space knowing the children were only next door and always contactable by phone.The food was great and even our fussy 11 year old always found something he liked everyday.The service by the pools was superb and the free ice lollys were always welcomed by us all. We really enjoyed our time here and i will definatley be going back .i could not fault anything with this hotel.	
Nov 27 2005	3 Days not enough....	My wife and I stayed at Jumeirah Beach Hotel as part of our honeymoon for 3 days, we barely scratched the surface and will be back. We upgraded to an Excecutive Room and treated like royalty - which was nice. Staff very friendly and helpful, the hotel was awesome, plenty to do just not enough time.	
Nov 24 2005	wonderful wonderful wonderful	WOW - What a place! Read all the good reviews and ignore the bad ones. This place makes you smile from the minute you arrive to the second you leave. We left to have our last night at the Burj and it got even better!!!	
Nov 21 2005	Does exactly what is says on the tin!	My family (my wife and I, 40, plus two kids 10 and 5) stayed at Jumeirah Beach in October 05 for 10 days.This place is a very polished act. A grand scale hotel, with grand levels of luxury, cleanliness, choice and service.The price of food and drink was actually quite reasonable too, including a dirt cheap excellent kids buffet. The favourable US Dollar is the reason. We had a deal whereby we accessed the premium leisure club, for food and drink often at no charge!For adults, I was never blown away by the food at Jumeirah though. (Actually, breakfast was good). We took cheap cabs out to `Wafi City Pyramid` which housed some excellent restaurants of various nationalities. The Thai one is best.My only gripes were that the kids had an overly strict baby-sitter one night, but we changed her. Wild Wadi water park, adjacent, is fantastic fun and free to residents, but is not ideal if you are 5 years old as most of it is a bit TOO thrilling. Over 10 years old and you don't want to leave. Go early in the day to avoid queues and the heat. Unfortunately the park was undergoing work and was part closed, but that is due to be finished in December. They gave us hotel meal discount vouchers in compensation!Dubai may have its historic culture, but you will see none of it at Jumeirah Beach. It is an anonymous multi-cultural classy extravagance if that makes sense. A bit like being on the starship enterprise with waiters, shops and bars. (Oh- with lovely pool and beach outside of course..). Sounds fine to me.	
Nov 8 2005	I wish we'd stayed for longer!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for three days at the end of our honeymoon. As soon as we arrived we wished we'd booked for longer. The place looks amazing, has unbeatable facilities, and the service was wonderful. They made us feel increadibly special, and we can't wait to go back!	
Nov 3 2005	Excellent Hotel	We stayed for one week at the JBH and had a fantastic time. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Dining is good but our favourite meals were at the Al Muntaha and Al Mahara both of which are at the Burj. Pools were great although sometimes a little crowded and the beach was excellent. Wild Wadi is great fun especially when it is only open to JBH guests in the morning. We had a superb holiday and would definitely stay there again.	
Oct 22 2005	So luxurious	When you first enter the hotel in the main lobby and look up. Its so big the hotel, you can see all of the floors. I was there for a week and really enjoyed it. There is everything there from two big pools and a putting green. The resort enterance was closed to wild waddi due to a new attraction beeing built but to be opening again in december. There was a free shuttle bus every 15 minutes to wild waddi and the hotel (direct) you could walk and i did back and it took less that 5 minutes. There are lovely resturants in the hotel. Expecialy on the 25 floor. And the Marina Rooftop Bar is expecialy good for cocktails in the evening, also serve shisha but be carefull with shisha because God knows thats in it. There are buggies which take you around the hotel and to sister hotel such as the Burj Al Arab and the Maddinat. I went to the Burj for lunch and and drinks. £658 for lunch for 6 people and £68 for 4 drinks. The pool area is very nice but crowded so we all headed to the beach. You dont put the towels down there is a man to do that and come around with complamentory ice-lollies and cold towels. if you like a drink with your lunch then don't go to dubai in the month of Ramadain which was the case when i went. no alcahol until 7pm. Overall this didn't stop the enjoyment of the holiday. Make shure you take a trip to the Burj because it is just stunnig inside.I have an online photo album of my pictures of dubai, if you would like to look at them email saying so. steveja1991@gmail.com Thanks	
Oct 21 2005	Loved the beach	Stayed for 5 nights in October and after arriving at 8 oclock in the morning we were allowed to go straight to our room (which was much appreciated). We had a balcony room and the views were fantastic. The beach is the best that I have ever seen and all the hotel staff are very friendly. I wopuld definiately recommend this hotel to anybody going to Dubai and I am sure that you will not be disappointed.	
Oct 21 2005	Brilliant...just a shame about the tourists!	The hotel is stunningly designed and impressive in its facilities. The rooms are huge with floor to ceiling windows and jaw dropping views over the Arabian Gulf and the iconic Burj Al Arab which adjoins this hotel.The bathrooms are enormous and the complimentaries extend to sun cream and after sun (nice touch).The breakfast choices are incredible, the choice of restaurants excellent. Service wise, the hotel cannot be faulted and is deserving of its 5 star rating. We were walking to the Marina Bar one night and one of the hotel staff picked us up in a hotel golf buggy to save us walking in the 35 degree evening heat. This is the sort of luxury we are talking about.Being on Jumeirah Beach, you'll want to try out the beach but be warned, the sand is scorching and the sea like a hot bath. Make sure you keep cool in one of the temperature controlled pools.You'll get free access to the Wild Wadi waterpark which is part of the complex. This is good fun and I recommend going late in the day (from 4pm onwards) to avoid the crowds and the searing heat.All this is great so its a shame you have to experience this with other hotel guests. This is where the problem lies. The hotels reputation and relative affordability mean that lots of tourists are flocking to the place. For me it has lost its edge and its exclusivity. The pool area is constantly packed and you'll have the age old problem of securing a sun lounger. Also, while you and me may not behave like a loudmouth in the pool, others do.If you are happy to join in with the louts round the pool, crack on, you'll love the place. If you're a wee bit more discerning then I'd look elsewhere.	
Sep 30 2005	Loved it!	My husband and I have just returned from a fortnight at this wonderful hotel.We arrived at the hotel at 7.45am (38 degrees!) and were greeted warmly by the staff waiting at the door of the hotel and those behind the desk. After taking our details, they apolgised that our room was not ready (hardly surprising as check in time is 2pm). We were given a mobile phone and invited to have a complimentary breakfast. After a night flight from Manchester we were tired and probably snoring a little whilst relaxing in the lobby! We were sked if we would like to have a sleep and were shown to the very cool nightclub which had ten lovely comfortable beds set up in it.At around 12.30 the mobile rang and we were told that our room was ready. After reading a review on this site I had e-mailed the hotel and asked for a room on a higher floor, we were given a room on the 22nd floor which had fantastic views of the Burj al Arab and the Palm and the World in the distance. The (standard) room was huge, with a sitting area, fresh exotic fruit replenished every day, free internet access via the TV, magazines including 'time out' which gave restaurant reviews, bottles of water replenished every day. The bathroom was very large with a huge walk in shower and lots of amenities including sun tan lotion, body lotion, mouth wash etc. Bed linen was changed daily and towels twice daily, in the evening there was a turn down service with godiva chocolates and a bookmark left on your pillow together with additional water.The staff were very friendly and many greeted us by name - nothing was too much trouble for them. We got back one day from shopping and within seconds of getting to the room there was a knock on the door and the assistant manager came in and apologised that one of his assistants had broken my perfume bottle when cleaning - he had been to the hotel shop and bought me a brand new bottle!The restaurants that we ate in in the hotel were all excellent, particularly the Lebanese restaurant and with at least one vegetarian choice on each. The alcohol prices in the hotel were expensive though with the cheapest bottle of wine around £30 and about £5 for a pint of beer. Taxis are very cheap though and are charged by the km (not by time) - a taxi from the hotel into the city cost around £5-6. There are some excellent restaurants in the city (although most are not licenced) - if you are a vegetarian try Govindas (behind the Regents Palace hotel) which is an indian vegetarian restaurant, the menu is about 40 pages long and there is an excellent ice cream shop attached to it. There are also some excellent restaurants - Italiain, Mexican &amp; Chinese (good value for money including alcohol) at Rydges Plaza Hotel.If you like a night cap in your room, there is a duty free shop just before you collect your cases at the airport where you can pick up 4 bottles of wine spirit etc or 4 cases of beer.The are three hotel pools, and although a little crowded at times, the pool attendants always found us a place and put an umbrella up for us when we had enough of the sun. As others have reported, the staff come round with ice lollies, water melon, cucumber and cold towels.The fitness suite is excellent with free water provided in the gym and again cold face towels every 15 minutes.It is well worth a trip to the Burj (take the elevator to the 27th floor to see the views from the restaurant/bar) - you might even be lucky, as we were, and be taken back to the Jumeriah in a 7 series BMW if there are no buggies available! and also a trip to the Madinat Jumeriah next door - there are some interesting shops in the Souk situated between the two hotels (Mina A Salam and Al Qasr). You can take an abra trip along the canals which is very nice - there is also a nice beach front walk back to the hotel if the heat will allow!It is also worth taking the desert safari trip. We booked with Arabian adventures which is based in the hotel. For around £40 each you get a trip over the dunes in a four wheel drive jeep, a trip to a camel farm, watch sunset from the top of a dune then head off to the camp in the desert. here you can have a camel ride, a henna tattoo, try the various Shishas and watch a belly dancer. As much food and drink (wine, beer , soft drinks) as you want is also included in the price - excellent value for money. A trip to Dubai museum and the different souks are also recommended. The hotel runs a free shuttle into the city several times a day but jump in a taxi if you miss them, it is very cheap.All in all, Dubai was an excellent trip with a first class hotel. Would definately come back again but would probably try November - March for a little bit cooler weather - it was 40c+ every day we were there and quite humid but we were told that the weather was just beginning to turn and would be very pleasant come October/November.	
Sep 24 2005	Fantastic - holiday of a lifetime!!!!	What can I say? Just returned from 6 nights at the Jumeirah beach, and can honestly say it was just the most fantastic experience. Beautiful rooms, wonderful facilities, and the staff were the most friendly and genuine staff I have ever met. We arrived at the hotel following a night flight at 8am, and although check in wasn't until 2pm, after a light breakfast and some coffee, we were in our room by 9.30am!We stayed club executive, which meant you got access to the club executive beach, and a lounge where you can get free drinks all day along with their selection of nibbles! You also get breakfast on the 25th floor in the restaurant &quot;La Parilla&quot; with other club executive guests. Additionally, we got a private car transfer to and from the airport (top of the range BMW!), and were ushered through passport control without having to queue for ages like other holidaymakers staying elsewhere.The hotel offers turn down service at night, complete with Godiva chocolates on your pillow and a dressing gown laid out on your bed for when you return home from your day's activities. You also get free bottled water and lovely bathroom freebies, including a rubber duck! Little buggys are available to take you to other Jumeirah hotels nearby (eg if you want to go for a meal at the Burj Al Arab or a nosy at the shots in Mina Al Salam), and there are shuttle buses to popular nearby shopping centres and souks. The swimming pools are lovely, and the views from the hotel of the Gulf and the Burj Al Arab are breathtaking. This, combined with the fantastically hot weather and amazing shopping (try AL KARAMA for great clothes, shoes, bags etc) makes Dubai the perfect holiday destination. Will definately be returning!	
Sep 24 2005	Should be at least a 6 star hotel	This was truly a great holiday experience and worth every dollar spent. Being our first time to Dubai staying at the Jumeriah made it a great experience.The service was at such a high level and same with the amenities. We stayed in a balcony room and woke up every morning with the view of the Burj. Despite the 39 degree days we still spent some time on the balcony.Every thing you could ask for is at this hotel and even though we read the website from top to bottom there were so many other things at the hotel in which we did not expect.Breakfast was unbeleivable with such a huge variety.....the biggest we have ever seen.A tour company - arabian adventures have an office at the hotel - convienantly we were able to book a tour.This is truly a great hotel to relax and soak up the sun.....our days were spent at the beach in the morning then relocating to the pool side for a few hours - then going into town. Some days we did not go to the beach and instead went to the water park.The shuttle services were all good with a wide variety of places that we could go to.The room and the bathroom was large - every night our bed would be turned down with a newsletter left of the next days temperature - oh and the pool and beach temperature.This was truly a relaxing holiday for us - we could have stayed at the hotel the whole time! The resturants are also nice and each have a different atmosphere.BUT if you want a quiet hotel.....this is not for you. We had plenty of space at the hotel - but it was always busy and full of people. To us we loved this.will definately being going again.......	
Sep 20 2005	Best hotel in the world	We stayed at the JBH for a week in August and absolutely loved it. We have stayed in 5* hotels all over the world, but this beats them all hands down. The weather was obviously VERY hot, but the pool staff were extremely attentive, bringing round watermelon, ice lollies, cold flannels etc. We stayed in a balcony room and it was beautiful. On our day of departure, our transfer to the airport was 20 minutes late in arriving. This was not booked through the JBH, however the concierge kept calling the driver on our behalf and really berated him when he finally arrived.We had dinner one night at the Burg Al Arab, wonderful hotel, not obviously extremely expensive. We also had had dinner one night in the JBH’s Lebanese restaurant which was very good. The Wild Wadi water park was totally amazing for adults and children alike, we have visited Florida extensively in the past, however this far surpassed anything we have seen there. As well as admittance being free to hotel guests at any time, between 10-11am every day hotel guests get exclusive use. All in all a wonderful hotel for adults and families alike. We really cannot understand some of the negative comments on here recently; yes you could hear children laughing in the swimming pool, but it certainly didn’t bother us. I also wasn’t aware that the hotel should demand a CV from prospective guests before letting them stay! If you can afford to stay here then go for it, you wont be disappointed	
Sep 19 2005	Exclusive for all!	We have just returned from a weeks holiday at the JBH and the only compliant is we have to come home and back to work. Right from the airport transfer when we were met by a new 7 series BMW we knew we were in for an outstanding holiday and it didn’t disappoint. The staff are all friendly and helpful, the choice and quality of places to eat and drink are excellent and to say there is potentially over a thousand other guests the hotel never seemed too busy. We are so impressed by the whole experience we are planning a return with family members next year.Having read most of the reviews of this hotel it seems some people think this hotel is built just for them and just because they may like a drink or have a tattoo they are branded as thugs, scally’s and other derogatory remarks which is narrow minded and offensive to the people who work hard all year so the can afford one good holiday, so give these people a break, because after all they may not want to stay with snooty “upper class” snobs either!And if you don’t want to hear screaming kids then don’t go in the school holidays which is common sense!	
Sep 16 2005	PERFECT	We arrived in Dubai after a weeks hustle and bustle in Hong Kong at about 4:15am, ready for a relaxing 5 nights at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel and we were not disapointed.We hadn't booked our room until that evening but on arrival at the hotel we were greeted with such warm and friendly staff and to be told that our room would be ready in 15 minutes. We were shown to our room and explained how everything worked etc., and our luggage arrived within 5 minutes.The view was breathtaking (all rooms have sea view) and we looked down on to the pool areas, gardens and marina and the magnificant Burj al Arab Hotel. The light show each evening when its dark is well worth watching.We stayed in their standard room which was nothing like a standard room I've stayed in before. Fresh fruit in our room every day. Free internet access on our large TV and each night Godiva chocolates were places on our beds. The rooms were spacious to say the least with a settee and 2 chairs. The bathroom was great with a walk in shower that would have fit at least 4.Nothing was too much trouble for the staff who were friendly and genuine.Arriving at the beach or pool each day we were greeted by someon who would ask us where were would like our sunlongers. He would then lay a huge towel over the beds and put a rolled up towel on each bed too. The 12ft umbrella was positioned where we wanted it and the sunloungers were put in or out of the sun as requested - all with a warm smile! Then someone would come around with free ice lollies, watermelon, cucumber (for your eyes) and ice cold face towels to cool you down. The sea was 34 degrees C and the sand was very hot and white........PARADISE. A waiter would bring you any drinks you wanted or bottled water in an ice bucket and glasses. The same thing happened at the pools, and there were always plenty of loungers and a quiet corner if you wanted one. The pools were cool compared to the sea!Food was excellent in all the restraunts we used (there are 22 in total). The Colonade did an excellent Buffet Dinner, with so much to chose from. There was even a chocolate cascade to dip the marshmallows, muffins and cookies on sticks into.Everything can be charged to your room so no need to worry about carrying money around. Even the WIld Wadi Water Park is free to people staying at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel.... Well worth a visit for young or old. Plenty of lazy rides in a rubber ring around the water park or fast slides for the more adventurous.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to relax in luxury. This is the best hotel I have stayed in around the world, it is not the newest hotel in Dubai, but you wouldn't guess!	
Sep 16 2005	Absolutely Wonderful	Just come back from a wonderful, wonderful 6 days in Dubai. Was nervous about going but found there was absolutely no need to be. Hotel fantastic, wonderful staff, weather goregous, sea like a bath tub. Do have a trip along the canal in the grounds of the 6th star Arabian style hotel. Sorry can`t remember the name. Out of this world. Free bus from Jumeirah Hotel. Must be seen at night though.	
Sep 13 2005	LIVING THE JUMEIRAH LIFE!	Alot of planning and creative thinking went into the designing, planning and execution of the Jumeirah Beach Hotel....it was the best vacation I have had in a long time.....I flew in from Japan and stayed at the Jumeirah for approximately five days with family.....the best I have seen...I will definetly come back with my family members next year.....Bravo ZuluVery respectfully,Ali S. Kadi	
Sep 13 2005	JBH Out of this world 5* luxury and more	We booked a round the world trip for our honeymoon. First stop was Dubai, it was everything we had hoped for an more. The Jumeriah Beach hotel was wonderful and the staff were fantastic. After being upgraded to business class on the flight from Heathrow, we were still on cloud nine when we checked into the JBH. The reception staff were wonderful and upgraded our room so we were on the 19th floor. We had floor to ceiling windows and the view was breathtaking. As we were on our honeymoon they had champagne,chocolates and flowers waiting for us in the room. They also turned our beds down each night and placed a chocolate on our pillows ( it's the little touches that make a difference).We stayed in the hotel for 5 nights from 12th July 05-16th July 05 and enjoyed every minute of our stay. Be careful if you venture over the Burj, we went to the bar for drinks and it cost £90 for 4 drinks!Will definately be back to Dubai and wouldn't hesitate in booking into the Jumeriah Beach Hotel.	
Sep 8 2005	JBH all you ever need	Dubai in August, for those of you who dont know, a hot sweaty dusty place with temperatures in excess of 45c. In the middle of this an oasis called the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. I know its is one of Dubai's long standing hotels and if you have looked in to Dubai you cant help but see the name, if this puts you off it shouldnt. I only stayed at the JBH for a few nights and can honestly say I have never been to a finer hotel (and i've even stayed at the Burj Al Arab). The staff were friendly and helpful, couldnt pass them by without a cheery hello, the room was clean and beautifully upholstered. Fresh fruit, clean linen, towels, toileteries and chocolates on the pillows everyday. Our one year old daughter Harriette even stayed with us and was given her own little toileteries pack which was fabulous. We stayed in a premium exec club room which was just slightly larger than normal with a small lounge area, good sized bathroom with bath and walk in shower. Excellent views, however all rooms get these. We also had breakfast, afternoon tea which included cakes, scones, nibbles, sandwhiches and much much more, Pre-dinner canapes and cocktails all included in the price. You also get unlimted soft drinks all day served in a private lounge with two floors so you will always find a quiet area. The rest of the hotel is stunning with the enigmatic palm court in the entrance with views, music streams and the hustle and bustle of a lively hotel, just being a small part. You also get shops, beauty treatments an extensive selection of restaurants, which children eat free in and a some bars. I have to say that one of the previous reviews 'Not Exclusive' sells the hotel far short, how could it be exclusive if they let them in for 350AED! I didnt know tattos were illegal. Yes the pool areas are busy but I found everyday when we went to one of the pools for a couple of hours that we had no problem finding a recliner or 10 and theres always a quiet corner. However we had a one year old so just enjoyed the childrens pool a lot with brilliant staff. What else can I say I am sure the JBH will not please every one not due to a fault of the hotel but some people just need a more tranquil setting. If you want a great hotel that can be enjoyed by the active person dont look anywhere else.Ps. Must tries while in Dubai, the wild wadi for kids and adults alike, Brunch at the Burj Al Arab at £50.00 its expensive but a feast you will remember a life time, A desert tour, some say touristy but I say they obviously havent been and of course the markets, go and haggle a bit its good for the soul.	
Sep 7 2005	Butlins abroad	My fourth time in Dubai, I went back to the JBH this June and was sooooo upset. It has become populated by the kind of thuggish Brit holidaymakers, stading around in their football shirts, drinking beer with their tearaway kids spoiling the place for us upper class citizens.Dubai is turning into one massive Butlins, full of this lower class of traveller, in their polo shirts, generally acting like scallies. I love the JBH, i have been 3 times before this, and it was always excellent, but really, I mean come on, I am an upper class lady, with certain expectations when i travel abroad on my 10 holidays a year.JBH needs to sort itself out, as i for one will be travelling somewhere else next year.Having said that, loved the Burj, much more to my high standard of taste. I feel that at the Burj i will be treated like the upper class woman of distinction that I am.Marjorie and Chris Higgins.	
Sep 1 2005	Not Exclusive	I live in Dubai; my friend arrived for a week's holday and bought a 350 AED (£50!) pass to this hotel for the swiming pool etc, thinking it would be exclusive..it's not. Tatoos (everywhere) and screaming kids. Why is there no adults &quot;quiet&quot; pool. It's like an up market Butlins. Try along the road to the left ....much cheaper and is much more tasteful. This hotel proves the power of advertising! Never again.	
Aug 30 2005	Jumeriah Beach Hotel - A wonderful dream	I spent 2 weeks at the JBH late July and early August this year and am missing it already. What prompted me to write a review was reading the other reviews that state the hotel is anything other than brilliant. This was my second visit to JBH and just like the first i loved every minute there. I travelled with my in laws, husband and 2 children. Admittedly if you are someone who does not like children to be seen and heard this may not be the place for you, however for those with children and those who can put up with them this would be the best place to stay - in my opinion. The JBH is located at the beginning of Jumeriah beach. You are far away from the construction which is a far cry from hotels such as hilton, sheraton. The hotel itself is stunning to look at during the day and at night. At night ask the buggy driver to take you to the marina and look at it from there. The hotel as 4 swimming pools, a well equipped gym and over 20 restauraunts. We ate in a few and all were nice, however we tended to go into town and eat there as we were mainly out in the evening shopping. Children under 4 do not pay for food in the hotel. The wild wadi which is a waterpark is minutes away from the hotel is free for hotel guests and you can even get in an hour earlier than the general public (less queues on rides). The staff in the hotel are the best, they will always greet with you a smile and if you ask them for help they would go out of their way for you. For children there its lots to do, we used the kids club only once but it was good and my daughters enjoyed it. During the day by the pool you will be served watermelon, ice lollies, cucumber for your eyes periodically, all on the house. You will never have to fight for a sunbed either - a bonus in my eyes. The rooms are services daily with unlimited towels and toilietries (do not take your own towels). They leave fresh exotic fruit in the rooms and mineral water. The rooms itself are large - 50sqm and all sea facing with a beautiful view of the Burj Al Arab and the Palm Island on a clear day. We stayed in Club executive where we had private access to a beach, lounge where we were served afternoon tea, happy hour and pre dinner canapes. Its almost all inclusive and was good value for money. For shopping dubai is a heaven. The hotel provides shuttles buses to various malls 4 times a day. If the bus is ever full they will get another or put you on a taxi providing you were there to catch it on time. If you take the shuttle bus to Ascot Hotel walk across to Meena Bazar and you will pick up electrical bargains but remember to haggle. In the malls we picked up bargains. Try Lamcy, City Centre and even Karama centre (if you are interested in copy designer items). Wafi and Burjuman have mainly designer shops. The desert safari &amp; the dhow cruise are entertaining. Although people will say Dubai is full of construction and unappealing we go there for the luxury of the hotel and the welcoming atmosphere of the staff. We always have a relaxing holiday and the children never want to come home. We did have a few mishaps at the hotel such as our limo transfer not turning up to pick us up but I would not let things like that change my view on a hotel as the god outweighs the bad. This hotel is under rated as 5 star, it surely deserves higher. I would say to anyone considering staying here to go and i can guarantee most of you will come back thinking it was money well spent. If you need to ask many questions about the hotel and Dubai i am happy to help.	
Aug 5 2005	Jumeirah Theme Park	We have just returned from a week at the Jumeirah beach Hotel with our three children (15,13,11). We have previously stayed at the Mina A Salam without the children, but wanted the inclusive wild wadi deal and ease of access from the JBH pool.Good bits:Rooms are lovely and very well equiped. All have beautiful views of the sea and the Burj al arab. Exclusive hotel use of the Wild Wadi Park between 10 am and 11 am. Beachcombers for breakfast is lovely and quiet, and a far cry from the main breakfast scrum in the Colonade.La Parrilla (tango dancing) and Al Khayal (belly dancing) are fabulous restaurants for a night out. The rest are pretty average and very expensive.Gym is very cool and well equiped.Bad bits.Pool area is really crowded, noisy and the loungers cheap and nasty.All the nice bars are for 21 years and over, so could not enjoy a cocktail with my family except in the hotel lobby which is noisy and lacking in views or atmosphere.Staff at the Pool bar are surley and inattentive (unlike every other restaurant at the hotel).Beach is like an unfinished car park with a 6 feet sudden drop at the waters edge. The nice beach in the 'harbour' is for exec rooms only. My advice is to stay at the Mina A Salam (which is actually less expensive) if you are not after the Wild Wadi access. The hotel is far more upmarket, the pool/loungers much nicer, and has a much more exclusive feel. Whilst JBH is a great hotel, it is becoming a bit of a 'Butlins Dubai' - and is loseing its edge.	
Aug 1 2005	just need to stay in JBH for 2 nights!	I went to Dubai with my wife in early July. We stayed in JBH for 2 nights and I think it is enough to stay there for 2 nights to enjoy the complimentary visit to Burj Al Arab and free entrance to Wild Wadi. There's no doubt to say that the room is fantastic especially the view from our room which overlook the Burj Al Arab. The swimming pool is great too. However, the service at the reception, conceirge as well as the lobby restaurant did brought a bad experience to us. I would say it is not qualified as a 5 stars hotel. We also spent a few nights in Mina A' Salam and Al Qsar which is just next to JBH. Very new hotel and the rooms are fantastic with big balcony. All staffs are very friendly especially in Mina. Great service!! We like the swimming pool in Al Qsar.Don't miss the Desert dune trip! Its fun to ride on the camels.We will try other new hotels in Dubai next time and there are also many new hotels comming. And we will stay in Mina for sure and not going back to JBH. Just enough for 2 nights stay in JBH.	
Jul 28 2005	Has to be experienced to be believed!!	My wife and I have just returned from our honeymoon in the Jumeirah Beach Hotel and can honestly say that we could not find one single fault with any aspect of our holiday.Don't expect a European standard 5 star hotel, this hotel is a significant step up from that standard!Right from the moment we were greeted in the airport the level of service and friendliness we experienced would be hard to beat anywhere in the world.The hotel itself is breathtaking, we stayed on the 5th floor because we requested a balcony and these are only on the lower floors. We paid extra for the balcony but did not really use it as it was so hot and there is so much to take in we didn't waste any time sitting on the balcony!As we were honeymooners we were treated to a few special touches on arrival - A beautiful heart shaped chocolate cake awaited us in our room and a request to come to one of the hotels restaurants and enjoy a complimentary bottle of champagne.The room was immaculate and very very spacious, this was the biggest bed we had ever slept in and was extremely comfortable.The room is cleaned twice a day (turn down service in the evening) and fresh water, chocolates and fruit are left in the room each day.On going down to the pool or beach (which is right outside the door of the hotel by the way) you are greeted by a member of staff who will direct you to a free sunbed and then go and get you two towels each - one he will drape over the sunbed and the other you use for drying yourself after having a dip in the beautifully clean, cool pool (note - no need to bring towels with you at all, even if going to the beach - we wasted some space in our suitcase with unnecessary towels!). Members of staff are constantly walking around the pool / beach area providing complimentary ice-pops, cold face towels and slices of cucumber for your eyes!!A visit to the Wild Wadi water park is a must as it is within the grounds of the hotel and complimentary for guests. Again the staff / lifeguards in here are extremely helpful and friendly.Another must is the desert jeep safari which is brilliant craic.Basically you are picked up from the hotel in the jeep and on the way to the desert our driver provided a wealth of information about the country - very friendly and informative.When we got to the desert that was when the real fun began as we were driven at breakneck speed over towering sand dunes before arriving at our camp and enjoying a beautiful meal (not the usual rubbish you get at these sorts of night out in other destinations).Every restaurant we visited was within the hotel, there is such a huge choice there really is no need to venture anywhere else.We were more than pleased with every one we visited. Prices are higher than Ireland / UK but only slightly and you get what you pay for! In The Apartment restaurant one night the waiter provided a cushion for my wife to place her bag on so it wouldn't get dirty!!Some of the restaurants have a dress code which calls for men to wear collars and closed shoes - no sandals or trainersAll rooms have stunning views of the Burj Al Arab which we visited one night for a drink in the rooftop bar. Not sure but I think this is only possible due to the fact that the Jumeirah Beach Hotel is a sister hotel of the Burj.We were whisked over by one of the numerous buggies that travel around the resort and were very warmly welcomed and seemed to be free to wander where we liked.Upon leaving, a buggy was not immediately available so one of the concierges whistled up a spanking 7 series BMW to bring us on the short ride back to our hotel.If it's shopping you're after this is the place to go.Any shopping malls we visited however were full of designer shops with prices just as high as home. For the bargains take the complimentary hotel bus to the Gold Souk or Ascot Hotel, both of these areas have loads of shops selling all kinds of everything and you can have the craic with the shopkeepers!In summary both myself and my wife consider our stay at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel to be the best holiday we have ever had and we cannot wait to go back!!We will never again be satisfied with Spain / Portugal etc.	
Jul 12 2005	Best Hotel	Arrived back from Dubai just a week ago and missing the sure luxury of the hotel. We stayed at the jumeriah beach hotel for week and had a great relaxing holiday. The hotel staff are so helpful and friendly. The few we had of The Burj was fantastic. Weather reached 43c when we was there, a little bit too hot but you just need to keep jumping back in the pool all day to cool down.There was plenty of shopping malls to vist the wadi centre mall is only worth a visit if you want to spend big money, very very exspensive our favourite was the city centre mall. We went on the desert dunes trip which was very different, bbq, bellydancer etc, you go at about 4pm and get back at about 10pm Would reccomend this hotel to anyone and we will be going back sometime soon (i hope)! Oh yeah, at this hotel they even provide you with beach towels when you go down to the pool or beach!	
Jun 24 2005	See it to believe it!	We just got back from 6 days at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel and it was absolutely incredible. Already planning the next trip!! Here are my top ten reasons why you should stay at this hotel:1. The staff. Best attitude i have ever experienced. Felt like royalty the entire time, everyone stops to smile and say hello without you ever feeling as if they expect a tip. Walk towards the lift and someone will press the button for you. Walk into the pool area and someone takes your towels off you and lays out your sunbed. Put a knife and fork down and your plate is removed immediately. Unbelievable.2. The room. Beautiful, clean rooms, decorated elegantly with comfortable beds. Very spacious. Fresh fruit every day, bottles of mineral water left in the bathroom and by your bed every night. Little gifts, like sweets and jogging maps and sweatbands! Godiva chocolates every night. Enormous, luxurious bathrooms with walk-in shower and huge tubs. 3. The location. Directly opposite the Burj, so you can admire and watch the nightly light shows. Adjacent to a fabulous and free water park where you get unlimited entry, (it is literally at one end of the pool but incredibly you wouldnt know its there in terms of noise etc). Free shuttles and golf buggy rides to the neighbouring Madinat complex with more restaurants and a souk. Private beach. Marina. Amazing!4. The restaurants. We ate at Beachcombers (asian food, mix of buffet and cooked to order, on the beach...); La Parilla (Argentinian, think amazing steaks and live tango dancers); Seafood Market (pick your own fish, contemporary and divine); Zheng Hes (Chinese at next door Mina a Salaam); and The Apartment (European, absolutely top class). Each and every one was five star fabulous. And thats just the ones we made it to! There was also a German restaurant, a Tex Mex, Lebanese...... 5. The breakfast buffet. Honestly, never seen a buffet so enormous and wide ranging. Covers every nationality's possible tastes, including Chinese and Japanese. Taste camel's milk, or get fried eggs and omelettes to order. Its a breakfast experience. 6. The weather. Ok, so not controlled by the hotel, but it was fabulous - I never saw a cloud. Over 100 degrees every day, and as you lie baking gently by the pool, you are brought complimentary cold face towels and free ice lollies and melon. I felt like a star....7. The pools. Three of these, aside from the water park - a lap pool, a kids pool (with a giant pirate ship!), and a leisure pool, with waterfalls and jets. The leisure pool also has this great bubble platform, which you lie on and its like a mini jacuzzi. Great fun and very relaxing!8. The health club. Didnt actually use this (too busy relaxing), but stood in awe - it looks like a top London club from the inside. You can also do watersports, putting practice, jogging, classes, boat hire etc etc....9. Guest services. So helpful!! We did the Arabian Adventures excursion into the desert for an evening dune safari and it was a real highlight of our trip. We were collected from the hotel in an airconditioned 4x4 and taken on a really fun ride through the dunes, with stops for photos of the sunset and a camel farm. Then we had dinner under the stars with shisha and a belly dancer, before being taken back to the hotel. Great fun! They also arranged for us to have cocktails at the Burj...very pricey but do it to feel like a superstar.10. The fact that i havent got a single negative comment about this place. And you can great flight deals because its so hot!!! If youre even considering going to Dubai, just go. Awesome.	
Jun 23 2005	A fabulous hotel!	The JBH is everything you could possibly want in a hotel! We stayed as part of our honeymoon and everything from the service to the quality of the food was simply superb.	
Jun 16 2005	Excellent Quality Hotel!	After reading the review of one trip-advisor member i felt i should give people my opinion;I have stayed in this hotel 6 times over the past couple of years &amp; have had no bad experiences yet!From the minute you step through the door you are treated like Royalty by all members of staff. The hotel itself is very impressive- rooms are a good size (after upgrading to the balcony rooms i have to say the view from the full length windows in the regular deluxe rooms is much better), the choice &amp; quality of the restaurants is excellent &amp; the evening views of the Burj are stunning.Somebody commented that it was very busy, with the amount of facilities this hotel has the only time when you really notice this is on the beach - but then most people visit Dubai for its quality holtels &amp; its culture as apposed for a beach- if you're looking for romance i suggest you do a 2 centre trip with Dubai &amp; the Maldives etc.Other comments i've read suggest staying in the sister hotel complex (The Madinat), after viewing mina a salam i still prefer the Jumeirah Beach Hotel which is why i am returning at the end of June 05.Hope this helps!	
Jun 16 2005	Superb hotel	Just returned from 7 nights at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. Fantastic place. Spotless. Excellent friendly service. Could not fault it. Don't bother with an executive room. We had a de luxe room with a balcony (well worth paying the extra for the balcony) and had all the room features that other people have mentioned getting in their executive rooms. Also not worth paying the extra for having your breakfast in the executive breakfast room. The standard one in the Colonnades is excellent - fantastic choice.In the evenings we ate in the Der Keller, Dhow &amp; Anchor, Marina Seafood Market, La Parilla and al Khayel and had room service one night. The other night we went on a dhow cruise which also provides an excellent buffet dinner. All the hotel restaurants were excellent. Portions are huge.We went for afternoon tea at the Burj al Arab. What an experience. We had window seats in the Skyview bar and chose the Indulgent tea (which includes excellent champgne and fresh berries and cream). We ate far too much!! We were taken back to our hotel in one of the Burj's Rolls Royce cars. Get the JBH hotel cars for airport transfers. What comfort for 200 dirhams each way.All together a wonderful trip. Can fully recommend the Jumeriah Beach Hotel.	
Jun 12 2005	Package Makers and not in the same league as the madinat	Having stayed at the madinat jumeirah I feel this hotel lacks luxury. Its just not in the same league anymore. Its much more geared for holiday package makers and tooo busy to be luxurious. I would say its at the bottom of the jumeirah properties on this beach. Those that love it havent stayed in luxury hotels- and compared to many british hotels its still good- but not good enough in dubai. There will still be those that love it as they havent experienced better hotels- for me- im going back to the madinat and the dessert hotels.	
Jun 12 2005	Worth Every Penny	We stayed at this fantastic hotel for 5 days,(not long enough).Throughout our stay the service ,room,and food were excellent.The staff are very friendlly and helpful.We were upgraded to Club Executive,but on return in October will pay for this as it is worth the extra money.Free entry to the Wild Wadi is excellent and for the first hour you are straight onto the rides as it is only open to hotel guests.On Thursday and Friday,avoid the water park as it is the weekend and it gets very busy.The buffet breakfast is excellent,as are the other restaurants we tried.As said in the other reports,prices are similar to the U.K,except for lager which is approx £5 per pint.Our only regret is that 5 days was not long enough,and I would advise people to take at least 7 days.Can't wait to go back.	
Jun 9 2005	Out of this world!	Stayed at JBH in April this year and I have to say that this is the best hotel I have ever stayed in!! Room - We stayed on the 15th floor and had a club excutive room which was huge, we had amazing floor to ceiling windows with magnificant views of the gulf and the Burj Al Arab, the bed was so comfortable, the bathroom was also very big with luxery toiletries and factor 15 sun cream, we had robes and slippers, a very powerful hairdryer, complimentary bottle water, a large bowl of exotic friuts fresh every day, a box of sweets and mouth watering chocolates. A daily JBH news letter was left in our room with information about the days activities and resturants. There were no visable signs of construction work from the hotel.Club Exective Lounge - also great views, complimentary soft drinks, tea and coffee all day, internet access, buffet breakfast of fresh fruits, smoked salmon, pastries, breads etc etc.Pool and beach - amazing, pool and beach areas very clean and well maintained, life guards everywere, pool/beach guys offering complimentary ice cold fannels, water melon and ice lollies all day long. Great choice of lunch time snacks and cocktails. Still with amazing views of the Burj Al Arab. The Arbian Gulf is a beautiful colour - I could have stayed in the sea all day! There is so much room on the beach and it was never crowded. Golf buggies can be flagged down to take you to different areas of the resort - great on really hot days.Wild Wadi - wow - so much fun, you have to visit this water park, free entry to JBH guest's. I'm not usually a fan of water parks but I had such a great time here trying out all the different water slides and floating round the lazy river, the wave pool is fab and the surfing machines were fun to see. There is something for everyone. Also another great day/morning and afternoon on a hot day.Resturants - there are so many different resturants to choose from, I think you would need a few weeks here to try them all! We ate and drank in Beachcombers, Go Weat, Villa Beach Resturant, Der Keller, Palm Court, Uptown, The Bamboo Curtain, Marina Roof Deck - all absolutely fantastic - I would recomdend them all. We did venture out also and ate in other hotels and resturants in Dubai - we were really spoilt for choice.Service - amazing service, all staff were friendly and went out their way to please and assit, always smiling - nothing was too much trouble.Whilst in Dubai we did an evening desert safari ending with a BBQ feast with music, belly dancers, camel rides and henna tattoos. A dhow cruise on the Dubai Creek, a city tour, visited the Dubai museum, gold souk, spice souk - all really fun and interesting. The gold souk is unreal - gold everywere and very very cheap. We visited the Burj Al Arab (free entrance to JBH guests) - what can I say? You really have to see it to believe it! I would recomend all of the above trips. I really could go on all day about this hotel and my holiday in Dubai - I was so sad to leave but can't wait to go back. The hotel is expensive but worth every penny.	
May 28 2005	Perfect - that's all you need to know!	We have stayed at Jumeirah Beach twice now but the second time was part of our honeymoon in October 2004. As Honeymooners we received lots of extras - a beautiful cake, roses, champagne and complimentary upgrade. The hotel is incredible - there is nothing that you could possibly want that they don't provide. The restaurants, pool, bar, beach - everything is perfect. We were on a B&amp;B basis so had to pay for all other meals which were expensive but well worth it. Definately dine in the Argentinian restaurant - beautiful views and live music and dancing. The Italian restaurant is also excellent.Saviour every minute you are there - the time is over too quick and I am confident in saying you will never experience a hotel quite like this one.	
May 16 2005	The Fantastic Jumeirah Beach Hotel	Stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel for our Honeymoon July 2004 and I have to say that the hotel was nothing short of fantastic. Great rooms fantastic sea views and the Burg Al Rab Hotel. We got free Champagne at the Apartment restaurant Godiva chocolates and cake to celebrate our marriage. The Apartment restaurant was the best meal we had within the hotel. We couldn't fault it. My wife even got a pillow for her handbag so it didn't get dirty. On top of the three courses we had ordered we also got strawberry's to have with our champagne wine and cheese tasting proir to the meal and other small taster courses inbetween. We also ate in the Burg Al Rab 7* hotel in the top floor restaurant which was great but the Apartment was a better meal and it didn't cost £300-00 like it did in the Burg. The Burg was amazing but if you don't want to spend £300-00 a night on a meal for two stay here you will not be disapointed. If you are a resident of the hotel you can also use the Wild Wadi waterpark for free and this normally cost £20-00 to get in. Taxi into the centre of Dubai is about £10. Trip advice take the Dune dinner trip from the Arabian tour company in the hotel this was about £35-00 and you get picked up in a V8 4x4 truck then you head off in to the desert where you go over the sand dunes fully off the road experience there you will watch the sunset, have a camel ride and then have a meal under the stars at a traditional camp Bar-B-Q and watch the belly dancers while smoking the Hubbly Bubbly Pipe. You can experience it all on this trip. Everyone we spoke to had enjoyed their evening. We thought Dubai was amazing and will come back several times in the future for sure.	
May 1 2005	Fantastic fun Fabulous Hotel	We travelled to this hotel and and stayed for 7 nights. The hotel was by far the best we have ever stayed in. The facilities for children during the day was fantastic. The food was outstanding. We actually never left the hotel as there was so much to do. The resort is immaculate and the staff impecable. The Wild Wadi was great fun and spent a ccouple of days there, entry is free if you stay at the JB. The views of the Burj al Arab hotel was incredible, the interior and the ambience inside was out of this world , well worth a visit. We stayed in a deluxe double room which was huge, we had a cot and another single bed setup in there and was still loads of space. We have a fruit bowl that was replenished every day and in the evening we had Godiva Chocolates placed on our pillows and even one in the cot! We had bottled water also replenshed every day in our room. During the day at the family pool we had complimetary water melon, ice lollies and cold towels. We had a fabulous time and cant wait to go back	
Apr 28 2005	A holiday experience most people only dream of	We stayed at this hotel with our three children for eight nights in early April and we wish that we could have stayed much longer. Everything from the moment we were met by the driver at the airport, to the time we were delivered back for our flight home, was exceptional. We stayed in the Beit al Bahar private Villas, which was expensive but well worth it if your budget will stretch to it, the service is magnificent. The villas have their own pool for the exclusive use of villa guests which was lovely and peaceful as the main hotel pool was very busy as it was the school Easter break. Nothing is too much trouble for the staff, the villas are huge and beautifully appointed. We enjoyed the Wild Wadi water park and the desert safari trip which is a must. We will definately be returning to the Jumeirah Beach and The Beit al Bahar.	
Apr 24 2005 	Dont stay anywhwere else!	I stayed at this hotel for three wonderful days about three weeks ago.I had heard many people rave on about Dubai, but i do have to honestly say, it was never somewhere that i ever imagined that i would go.Then about two months ago my partner won a trip with work(Barclays plc).Never in my wildest dreams did i ever imagine i would end up somewhere so beautiful!We arrived at night and i have to say the place was breathtaking!The rooms were amazing the views were better and the hotel staff were fantastic.If i were to some up this hotel in on word, it would have to be WOW! Sitting on the beach in the morning looking out at the waters of the gulf with the Burg Al Arab in front of you, well it doesnt get much better than that!I do have to say that even though the Burg Al Arab in itself is a beathtaking sight ,not for one minute did i wish i could be staying there instead of the Jumeriah Beach Hotel.I cannot say enough good things about this hotel i wouldnt stay anywhere else!Thankyou Barclays plc for letting me experience paradise!	
Mar 30 2005	Best Hotel ever!!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel recently and had the most fantastic holiday. We only stayed for 5 days but wished that we had stayed for longer as there is loads to see and do and the weather was absolutely fantastic if a little too hot at times! When we arrived at the hotel we were told that the hotel had been double booked and we were asked to move to the Emirates towers in the city for one night with the promise of a room upgrade and free meal at a restaurant of our choice on our return. We agreed to this and were very pleased that we did as the Emirates hotel was amazing and it was great to experience the city location as well as the beach. On our return to the Jumeirah we were given our upgrade as promised to the Executive rooms which was great with private check in/out, seperate (much quieter)breakfast room and free afternoon tea from 4pm and then complimentary drinks for an hour or so in the evening.Rooms were enormous and very clean, the bathrooms were particularly impressive with 2 sinks, a bath and a seperate walk in shower big enough to fit about 10 people in.The restaurants were all very good and probably London prices, it's not the place to go if you are looking for cheap food and drink but the quality is excellentThe swimming pool area although very nice did get a little crowded and sunbeds were a little cramped together but the hotel staff made every effort to find somewhere for us to sit if we were struggling. The beach area was never too busy and was lovely clear sea and white sands as you would expectThe water park next door to the hotel is well worth a visit especially as it is free to get in for hotel guest, we went 3 times and had a great time.I would recommend the jeep safari into the dessert, a bit hair raising when going over the very high sand dunes but great fun and the BBQ at the end of the evening was surprising good with very high quality and quantity of food. I would also recommend a trip to the gold souks as jewellery is much cheaper than England but prepare to haggle.I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will definitely return again	
Mar 24 2005	Excellent Hotel	Just got back from a weeks holiday to Dubai staying at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. I must say this hotel is fab it has everything you need, we upgraded to the Exec Room which is worth doing, our room was on the 17th floor overlooking the Arabian Gulf with views of the Burj Al Arab, it was amazing.The hotel itself is huge with lots of restaurants to choose from. The pool and beach area did start getting quite busy at times. You will notice that the workers around the pool area will be more than happy to carry your towels for you and also lay them out on the loungers.Overall I would say this is the best hotel I have stayed in so far. Everyone is so friendly and helpful. Theres also a free shuttle bus to the shopping malls although prices are the same as back here. I enjoyed the holiday that much we have decided to go back next year. Dubai is a great place to visit although 1 week wasn't enough.	
Mar 20 2005	good hotel but falling behind the competition	jumeirah beach is great but is now being outdone by others. dubai is growing so fast with so many new hotels outdoing each other that the jumeriah is no longer my first or second choice. madinat next door is fabulous. al qasr and mina al salam are now the place for me.	
Mar 19 2005	Fantastic Hotel	We visited during February of this year and were very impressed with the quality of service, food, rooms and views.As a family of five to dine in the hotel is not cheap but nor is as expensive as perhaps previous reviews would suggest. We reckoned on average it was costing £50 - £60 per evening meal. The staff at the Wild Wadi were very friendly and after a day or two had learnt my eldest daughters names.One point that is worth mentioning is that our youngest daughter caught a rota virus ( persistent sickness and diahorrea - apparently this virus is common throughout the world ) mid way through our holiday. Unfortunately we had to admit her to the 'American Hospital' in the centre of Dubai as she become dehydrated and need to be put on a drip. Whilst this was unfolding guest services were absolutely fantastic arranging free transfer s to the hospital not only for my daughter but also for me to visit etc.. They also managed to reassure us about keeping our room on after are due departure date and even provided gifts for us to take to our daughter!	
Mar 11 2005	Just gets better and better !	We have just returned from Dubai we stayed 5 nights at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel and 5 nights at the Mina A Salam. This is our second visit to the Jumeirah Beach and it was just fantastic, the staff and the food and views are spectacular, and it is great for families. The little extras like free ive lollies on the beach and the cold flannels to cool you down beautiful comfortable beds and bed linen and daily bowls of fresh fruit, with the most amazing views of the Burj and the sea from the floor to ceiling windows in your hotel room (photo of the view attached). The buffets cater for every taste, and you can dine in or outside.We were also excited to stay at the Mina A Salam, and whilst it was also luxurious we still preferred the Jumeirah, and will be returning.	
Mar 8 2005	Great hotel	Just returned from 4 nights at this hotel and I have nothing but praise for it. The service and facilities are first class. Every restaurant we ate in served excellent food and the staff really know how to make you feel welcome and special without being Over the top. I've read some of the non too complimentary reviews, most criticism seems to be levelled at the popularity of the hotel making it feel a little less exclusive. Yes it is busy, but i wouldn't call it crowded and its popularity gives the whole place a buzz and an atmosphere. There was never a problem getting tables at restaurants, sun beds on the beach or equipment in the gym. This is still a worthy 5 star hotel, i can't wait to go back.	
Mar 3 2005	The Best!	HelloI work in the hotel industry and have stayed in many five star hotels. This is the best. Due to location, high standards, choice of restaurants, leisure facillites.The sea is warm. I could go on and on...If you do not like it here, I really think you will not like staying in any other five star hotel in the world. It really is pure luxury.	
Feb 23 2005	Beautiful!	I spent 7 nights at The Jumeirah Beach Hotel with my husband and two sons aged 7 and 10 in a Premium Leisure Club room on the 17th floor. We arrived at the hotel after an overnight flight and were offered breakfast whilst the staff checked us in. Our room was available by 11.30am - a very unexpected and appreciated bonus. As many other reviewers have expressed, the views from the room-wide, floor to ceiling windows is sensational. The room was spotlessly clean and in immaculate condition - certainly not 'tired' nor in need of redecoration as some other guests have reported. The bed was exceptionally comfortable and even with the two rollaways the room remained spacious. The bathroom was pristine and supplied with every imaginable toiletry, large fluffy towels and deep pile bath mats. For those travelling with younger children you may be assured (or otherwise!) that the Disney Channel and Cartoon Network are available.Our children enjoyed the hotel Kids Club although they were definitely among the oldest there. The hotel caters so well to the younger family. The Adventure Playground is superb - to give you an idea of scale; a maximum of 270 children are allowed to play there at one time!The pools, beach and Wild Wadi are reassuringly over-run with Lifeguards. The beach is swept, hoovered and dusted regularly and gleams and sparkles as a result. We ate in the Italian Restaurant Carnevale, La Veranda the Pizza Restaurant, the buffet restaurant Colonnades and enjoyed a Valentines Day family meal at Beachcombers Restaurant. All were absolutely fine. A couple of the more family orientated restaurants have Playstation consoles and other toys available to occupy the children once they have finished eating and to allow you time to enjoy your own meal. The only food hiccup we experienced was when we ordered from Room Service on our first evening and had to wait a very long hour for our incomplete order - two items were missing. Finally a couple of comments about the Premium Leisure Club facilities. The PLC lounge on the ground floor is naturally busy for afternoon tea and evening cocktails. There are a number of computer/playstation games available and some ride-on toys for younger children. We found this facility frequently overcrowded but this was partly due to the inclement weather keeping guests indoors instead of being able to utilise the outdoor seating. However, I am certain (from conversations overheard) that there were also guests taking advantage of the PLC benefits who shouldn't have been. There were no checks by staff at any time to ascertain if those using the lounge were PLC or Executive Club members. Any guest who knew of the benefits of the lounge could walk in unchallenged and enjoy the free food and drinks and childrens facilities. In my opinion this matter needs to be addressed by the hotel as a priority. During cocktail and canape hour (6-8pm) the lounge was over capacity, children spilled upstairs to the Executive Lounge area and monopolised the two computers available for free internet use. The staff did not curb the situation. There were definitely too many fellow English there for my liking. In some respects I can sympathise with the comments of the last two reviewers - maybe not quite as bad as Butlins ...Having said all that I would stay at The Jumeirah Beach again in an instant. Our children were happy and occupied at all times and this contributes overwhelmingly to a wonderful holiday. Sadly the weather did not but that's another issue. I do hope to be back soon.	
Feb 15 2005	bit trashy!	a great hotel if you like places for the kids like butlins. it's noisy, &amp;not many places to sit and have a drink with ur partner, just restaurants. the rooms are brash and in need of some care and attention! it's become greatly westernised and almost 'corny'!!! some of the service in the restaurants wasnt too great either. for 'the' place to stay try an ocean suite at the madinat jumiera's al Qsar- fantastic. it is all very arabic, which is beautiful, however, they operate some of their rooms with an open plan so staying with children could be a bit of a nitemare if you and ur partner want some romantic time when it's lights out! so make sure you check that rooms are seperate before staying! other than that its amazing, the food is fantastic, theres over 40 different types of restaurants and the canal running around the hotel with the abra's (small boats) just gives it such a magical and quaint touch!	
Feb 11 2005	too over rated stay clear!	With this being the oldest hotel on Jumeirah Beach, it is therefore the most popular, so when people think of Dubai, they automatically think of the hotel shaped like a wave! (or a sail - Burj Al Arab - but dont get me started on that one). It should not be a 5* in Dubai, its more like a 3* in Benidom! Visiting this hotel last year, I was really disappointed. I was expecting the best of the best, but it was by far that. It looks tired. It is very to busy &amp; noisy!!!! There are so many other fantasic hotels along the beach front that beat this one hands down. It is great for families, but if your wanting a romantic or relaxing holiday, stay clear of here (although the Beit Al Baher villas attached are stunning). There are much nicer hotels to choose from, such as its sister hotels next door: (Madinat Jumeirah) Mina A Salam, Al Qsar (opened Aug 04) and Dar Al Masyaf, which put the J. Beach Hotel to shame. You have also got the One &amp; Only Royal Mirage and Le Meridian Mina Seyahi. 	
Feb 4 2005	Deserves the title of best hotel in the world	Myself husband and 2 children have stayed here more than 6 times and it is by far the best hotel we have ever stayed at (we have lived abroad for 8 years so have visited many countries). There is nothing negative I can about this hotel. I would recommend paying the extra to stay in an executive room you get private transfer from airport and whilst the actual room is the same you can take breakfast in the Argentine restaurant and have free drinks for 2 hrs per night either in the lounge on the 16th floor (cannot take kids though) or in a bar which is upstairs from a great area for kids with games, movies and computers and their own bar of snacks sweets and drinks. On our first trip to Dubai we booked into Le Meridien and after awful service moved to the Jumeirah Beach the next day and now would not think of staying anywhere else in Dubai.	
Feb 2 2005	From Dubai with love...	My wife and I have just returned from 5 days at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. It met all our expectations and more. When you start with a private 7 Series BMW transfer to your hotel you know things are going to be good. During the stay we upgraded to the Club Exec. rooms as it was our anniversary. Chocolates and sparkling wine were waiting for us. What views of the Burj! The private beach and its staff were amazing!! Afternoon tea fantastic! Evening cocktails over looking the Burj great! Every member of staff was fantastic and so helpful. We eat well every night. Though the better restaurants were not cheap. £90 for two with wine. During our stay in Dubai we also eat at Gordon Ramsey's Verre restuarant at the Hilton and I must say that we enjoyed our meals at the Jumeirah restaurants more.Wild Wadi is great fun. Open to residents from 10, so you get the whole park to yourself for the first hour.In our opinion shopping was not that cheap. The prices we checked were equivilant to the UK. Taxi's on the otherhand were very cheap.Finally, if you visit the Burj which all JB residents are entitled to free of charge. Go during the day. At night there are so many lights inside that you cannot see out and so appreciate the view.In all we cannot recommend Dubai and Jumeirah enough, we will be back. Spain will never seem the same again.	
Jan 30 2005	The BEST hotel	The Jumeriah beach hotel is the best hotel i have ever ever stayed at!They have the nicest staff,nicest rooms and the thing i enjoy best the nicest swimming pool!!!!!!!	
Jan 25 2005	Absolutely wonderful hotel	We have just returned from a 5 night stay at this brilliant hotel. The facilities and service were fantastic. We stayed in a Club Executive room which gave us access to a private lounge where coffee, soft drinks were served all day. Afternoon tea took place between 3-5 pm and then pre-dinner drinks and canapes between 6-8 pm. Highly recommend The Colonnade restaurant for dinner. The rooms were large, very nicely furnished and had views over the Gulf with the Burj standing out in front of you and The Palm in the distance. The pools and beach are excellent and we also had a good time at the Wild Wadi (free entrance for anyone staying at the hotel). If you are looking for luxurious accommodation, great customer service - look no further.	
Jan 11 2005	One of the best hotels in the World	I have stayed at this hotel on two occasions with my family, June 2002 and again in July 2003. I can honestly say that I have never experienced such wonderful facilities or had such great service in any other hotel I have stayed in around the world. The staff take the concept of customer service to new levels. The first time you experience it is amazing. The pools and the beach are superb, the waters of the Gulf are like a hot bath and the Wild Wadi is great fun for children and adults alike. There is a complimentary shuttle that takes you to the major malls in the city. I would heartily recommend it to anyone who values high standards of customer service.	
Jan 6 2005	Absolutely First Class	I visited Dubai for the first time in October 2004, and stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel (on the way back from the Maldives). This is without a doubt the best hotel I've ever stayed in, and I cannot wait to go back.Our arrival in Dubai was good, as we were met by our tour operator at the airport and had a private transfer by car to the hotel (I guess this depends who you go with). When arriving at the hotel (late evening, around 10pm) we were advised that there were no rooms 'suitable' for us (I'd e-mailed previously asking for one on a high floor) so we were upgraded for the evening. The upgrade was into the Beit Al Bahar villa complex in the hotel grounds. Oh my - this place was amazing! We were driven from the hotel in a golf buggy to the villas, and were given our very own 2 bedroom villa. We had our own butler, who met us with non-alcoholic fruit cocktails, the villa had its own private garden area with your own sun loungers and plunge pool. Inside it was the ultimate in luxury - both bedrooms had large en-suite bathrooms, but the main one was spectacular with a large sunken bath. The lounge was huge and had TV, DVD, stereo, fax machine.... you name it - it was there.In the morning we went to the villa reception (villa guests have their own reception, communal pool etc) and asked where we went for breakfast. We were then met by our own concierge who took us to the Beach Villa Restaurant, where we sat on the deck outside with a great view of the sea and Burj Al Arab opposite.After a day of being totally pampered, we were collected by buggy and taken back to the hotel where a room was ready for us on the 18th floor. The quality of this room was excellent, and the view from the floor to ceiling window spectacular.The pool area of the hotel is huge, and staff are constantly on hand to set you up with sun loungers and towels (provided by the hotel, by the pool). There is a swim-up bar and snack restaurant also.The beach is private to the hotel, raked every morning and constantly looked after by lifeguards. The sea is like stepping into a warm bath.We dined twice in the actual hotel (there is a choice of 20 restaurants) at Go West (American theme) and Carnivale (more 'up market' Italian) and both were excellent. Breakfast was in the Beachcomber restaurant where again we sat on the deck overlooking the sea. Here there is a buffet style breakfast with everything you could want; cereals, fruit, traditional english fry-up, tea, juices, smoked salmon.... everything.Wild Wadi waterpark is right next door to the hotel and guests are admitted free of charge. If you like this kind of thing, go there - it is excellent.Overall, a superb place to stay. A beautiful hotel, great staff, lovely weather - it's got the lot.	
Dec 7 2004	Loved the place	The Jumeirah Beach is by anybodies standards a first rate hotel. But, as with any hotel it caters for a certain type of holiday. If you go do NOT expect boutique style intimacy or to be on you own, you will be horribly disappointed. Having said that it is a fabulous resort to chill out as a family with excellent service and wonderful restaurants - the fish restaurant on the marina is excellent as is the Argentinian on the top floor and if you go to the lebanese when it is in the garden sit outside - food great, live music ear splitting. The other must is Wild Wadi and an evening drink (if you are under 21 get your Mum to have 2 and then sip some of hers!) in the piano bar in the main building. The view of the Burj is amazing and pop over just so that you can be certain that you made the right choice - there is only so much gold leaf and stuffy service that I can take! The hotel is well positioned and near the creek with a great drive along Sheik Zayed road where the Emirates towers and all the skyscrapers are - don't bother with the fake souk - but go to the Wafi Centre great shops and the building is a case study in Arab opulance. I have stayed in a lot of hotels and this one is great. A lot of the criticisms in the other reviews are perfectly valid but as I said that does not detract from the hotel but merely reflects the service that it aims to provide.	
Nov 28 2004	Pampered	We stayed here for our honeymoon for 3 nights in October 04 on the way back from Australia. 1 thing I will say is it is definately the best place to stop over on the way home. We had no jet lag whatsoever.The hotel was fabulous, the only drawback was our flight arrived at 6am and our room wasnt ready til past 12 noon. It was worth the wait, the room was superb with a view that was out of this world. Everything about this hotel was luxury - this is how a 5* hotel should be! The minute you stepped onto the beach (which was raked every morning) someone was over to carry your towels and set up your sun loungers. Drinks, food brought to you and even free ice cold towels and watermelon! The 2 beaches were fantastic, the water was so warm.The hotel outside at night was very romantic, with floating candles lighting up the streams. The roof top cocktail bar had a superb view over Dubai and the Burj al Arab which was lit up all colours at night.A very relaxing stay, we felt very pampered. Just what we needed to recharge the batteries for the flight home. Just wished we'd stayed longer.	
Nov 17 2004	Ab Fab	Could not Fault the Jumeirah Beach Hotel at all, Service was outstanding, staff were more than accomodating, Rooms more than ample in size, Great Views, wonderful amenities, Wild Wadi What can I say but ouch I have a sore bum now ha ha ha !!!! Ond of the only places I have been to that I will definately return to again and again.	
Nov 2 2004	loved everything	Had a great holiday here in August 04, lovely staff and lots to do for adults and children alike. Are party consisted of 5 mums and 10 kids and all of us young and old had a great time. Drinks were on the expensive side but food and facilities were excellent. Would recommend the whole Dubai experience to anybody.	
Oct 25 2004	Great hotel with lots of facilities	We came here for our last stop on our way back from our honeymoon and it was great.Even though when we got there they had no double beds, they upgraded us to an Exec Suite. What a room - what a view!!And there is so much to do. Eight restaurants, two large pools, watersports, shopping, the waterpark etc etc.My only compliant is that there are too many people from other hotels using its facilities. But apart from that it was brilliant.	
Oct 14 2004	too popular	I visited this hotel in May 2001 and was very impressed. Our room wasn’t ready on arrival so we were upgraded, which was a great start to the holiday. It is a large family orientated hotel, so do not expect boutique hotel intimacy. The facilities and choice of restaurants are excellent. I particularly recommend the Argentinean restaurant and the bar on the top floor. One of the best things was the extensive breakfast buffet which could keep you going all day.There is a fully equipped gym, sports hall and spa. I feel this provides something for everyone.The staff, facilities, service and food were great. However, I recently revisited the hotel in March 2004 and its popularity seems to have got the better of it. It was overcrowded the food wasn’t as good and it did look a little ‘tired’. I would not put anyone of going but I hope it has a bit of a revamp soon and reclaims its former glory.	
Oct 13 2004	Lovely hotel but pricey		
Oct 1 2004	The Jumeirah Beach Hotel deserves every one of its accolades		
Sep 29 2004	Top Class		
Sep 19 2004	wow		
Sep 18 2004	5th visit as good as the 1st		
Sep 9 2004	pure luxury		
Sep 4 2004	Loved the Jumeirah Beach		
Jul 15 2004	Perfect		
Jul 2 2004	Highly Recommended		
May 24 2004	Fabulous!		
May 24 2004	Zeer mooi		
May 24 2004	fabuleux mais cher		
Nov 18 2009 	???????		
Oct 24 2009 	E' giusto un'attrazione turistica!		
Oct 13 2009 	Sehr gut		
Oct 13 2009 	Tolles Hotel!!		
Oct 8 2009 	Spitzen Hotel mit Traum Aussicht		
Oct 6 2009 	??????????????????????????		
Oct 4 2009 	Traumhaft		
Sep 30 2009 	????????????		
