	Good space and location for a budget accommodation but staff is pretty much useless	I stayed at the Golden Sands 3 in a 2 room studio (1 bedroom, 1 bed in an L-shaped studio, 2 bathrooms) from November 23rd to 30th. I was able to get in on a deal that cost us &lt;$100 per night for my room. I took a regular Dubai Taxi to get to the Golden Sands 3 with no problems getting to the correct building.Checked in, but had to wait an hour before our room was ready (we arrived before the normal check-in time). The apartment itself was spacious, clean, plenty of closet space. As others have noted, it included a cook-top, microwave, refrigerator, and washer/dryer. They also gave us 1 bottle of water as well as daily coffee (instant, but ok) and tea packets. The housekeeping staff took care of all clean up of utensils and cookware, which was a nice touch, as well as replacing towels and general tidying of the apartment. Internet access at the cafe worked well after I set my wireless modem to be on 802.11g mode only -- if you don't do this, you will get horrendous lag and really slow speeds as it bumps you down to the slower wireless modes.The location is pretty good, being about a 15 minute walk from Bur Juman mall and Spinneys supermarket. This is a pretty grueling walk in the heat though, so during my trip, we left early in the morning and we had a route that would keep us in the shade almost the entire way. Bur Juman mall became our &quot;home base&quot; for getting a sit-down breakfast (usually at Paul's cafe by the entrance of the mall) as well as transportation (taxi stand is at the entrance, also Dubai Metro stop is on the other end of the mall).My only complaint with my stay is that the hotel front desk staff were basically useless. They couldn't recommend any places to eat around the area and they referred me to calling information over the phone or looking at the yellow pages. They paced around the front desk area look for papers to shuffle through to dodge having to deal with hotel guests. That's right, they do an incredible amount of paper shuffling for a hotel in the computer-internet age.Would I recommend this place? Yes, for either a (1) budget accommodation with good bang for the buck or (2) for someone that is not a beach person. Don't expect too much from the front desk staff and do your own homework about where to go, eat, etc. and you will be okay.	
	Clean spacious and cheap for Dubai - but avoid the hotel car	We stayed at Golden Sands 3 (make sure you know which Golden Sands you are in as there are like 12 different Golden Sands Hotel in the area). From the research we did, we found that this was the cheapest hotel we could find in the expensive city of Dubai. We paid about $175 USD for a 2 bedroom/2 bathroom. It was quite spacious - there was a kitchen (complete with W/D) area and a living room area with sofas and a dining table. There were 2 single beds in the corner by one bathroom and then there was a seperate bedroom with a double bed that also had its own bathroom. So technically, there was only 1 true bedroom and the other 2 beds were more like in the open area (no door separating this area from the living room/kitchen).Postives: it was clean, spacious, came with a free bottle of water (we were informed not to drink the tap water), and also had free internet in the lobby.Negatives: mattress was pretty hard. We also had a negative experience with the hotel car. We went to check out and stepped outside to hail a cab to the airport and the hotel car driver came running up to us and assured us that he was using the meter and quoted us a reasonable price to the airport, which we agreed to. As soon as we got in, we noticed that the base fare for the meter was a bit higher than what we had seen in normal city taxis. When we arrived at the airport, the driver asked for more money than we had originally agreed to because he said he had to pay tolls (regular taxis are exempt from tolls, but he stated that as he was the hotel car, he was not exempt). We informed him that he did not mention tolls when we were agreeing on a price and we sat there for about 5 minutes arguing an he finally agreed to just let us pay what was on the meter. I'm fairly sure that it still would have been cheaper if we just would have taken a normal city taxi, so we would recommend AVOIDING the hotel car, no matter how persistent they are.	
	Good value but with a touch of attitude	We stayed in Golden Sands 10 for three nights from 27 November 2009 during Eid Al Adha - two adults with a 5yo and a 2yo.We had booked on Venere and arrived at Dubai airport only to be refused a taxi by a driver who told us there were 13 Golden Sands and the address on the booking voucher did not help. Well, there are only 11 of them and they are all within a few blocks of each other. I would advise ringing before arrival to confïrm your building number or simply say, &quot;Golden Sands 3&quot;, which seems to be their headquarters. In truth I think the driver was after a better fare and a surer mark for a tip.Our check-in experience was marred by disinterested staff including a trainee. The small foyer was filled by families in traditional dress who were preparing to go shopping after 4pm. They piled into their Saudi-plated V8 4WDs double-parked in front of the building. It seems that Saudis and Europeans on group tours made up most of the guests and this may explain the harrassed look of the staff.Warning - it is our recurring experience that GCC Arabs, most typically Saudis, allow their children to roam the halls of hotels to the wee small hours. This was not to be an exception.Overall though, we enjoyed our experience. We had booked a two-bedroom apartment but we were upgraded to a three-bedroom. It was very spacious and clean. The L-shaped lounge-dining room included an eight-place dining table. The TV was a CRT but it worked. The channels were limited to around 15 with CNN and BBC World being the best. Luckily one station was for children with half of the programming in English.The kitchen included a large hotplate and oven unit, microwave, electric kettle, a mid-sized refrigerator and a small table with two chairs. There were enough pots/pans, crockery and cutlery but we had to buy our own dishwashing liquid and tea towels.The master bedroom had a split-mattress king sized-bed, ensuite with combined bath and shower and toilet with bidet. The in-room safe was a welcome feature as we spent most of our time shopping and sight-seeing.The two other bedrooms were each twins. The second bathroom also featured a shower-bath, toilet and bidet. The third bathroom was a toilet and shower only. Having the three bathrooms was great.Building 10 is the closest to Spinney's 24-hour supermarket complex (just one block away), which also featured MacDonalds, Little Caesar's pizza and a third cafe-restaurant called &quot;3-inity&quot; (Trinity, I guess). Very handy and well-priced.Hotel amenities included a business centre, kids' playroom with antiquated coin-operated games, a combined cafe and breakfast room and a good-sized swimming pool in the courtyard. The breakfast was charged at 55.00 Qatari Riyal per head but was tired and dried out by 09:00 am. Save your money and head for MacDonalds or the cafe at Spinney's.The good: Spacious, clean, close to airport and Dubai Creek, handy to rail, well-served by taxis and local amenities.The bad: Buffet breakfast, reception staff, lack of in-room Internet.	
Nov 19 2009 	Clean good value reasonable location	There are a number of blocks in this complex. We were in block 5. It's a 15 minute walk to Bastakiya and 5 minutes to the closest (operating) metro (Burjuman). We had a very comfortable king size bed. It was quiet and we slept brilliantly. The room was serviced every day. The hotel is a bit down at heel, but this represents great value nonetheless.	
Nov 11 2009 	Cheap and chearful	* Staff there are extremely miserable.* You can only use the internet in the restaurant.* Restaurant morning buffet is quite expensive considering the limited range on offer.* Do not expect any tea/ coffe sachet to be left daily, you only get 2 tea bags for the entire stay !* Rooms are quite spacious, but dirty towels in bathroom, I doubt they are washed everyday.* Basically, if you are not too fussed about receiving a reasonble good 'service', then it's ok for the price, otherwise look elsewhere.The hotel has some sort of deal with an expensive taxi company, so do not use them. If you stand outside the hotel, you will find a beige colour cheap taxi within a few minutes. 10 minute walk will take you to a local supermarket and burger king etc.	
Nov 6 2009 	Great vlue for money	We stayed at the GS3. The room was great, with a fridge/freezer and hot plate (no oven).It was cleaned every day to a good standard. It is in the city area so a good distances from the beach area but we knew that before we went. Taxis are quite cheap so not to bad.	
Oct 25 2009 	Nice room miserable welcome....	We stayed at Golden Sands 5 for 3 nights and it was okay - nothing more and nothing less. The room was okay - a studio with quite nice furniture, twin beds, kitchenette, etc. The advert said the room could accommodate up to three but they clearly did not encourage this as despite the fact we told them there would be three of us when we booked, there was no bed linen in the room to make up the sofa bed and there was only two of everything else such as towels, crockery, cutlery, etc. which was a bit odd. We requested extra bed linen for the sofa bed and the housekeeper promptly brought some to us including extra towels. However, when the room was made up the next day the third towel disappeared again!! The furnishings in the room were quite nice although the mattress on the sofa bed had some revolting looking stains on it so in the end my son slept on it closed.Staff wise, the receptionists were rather odd - far from welcoming. My biggest dislike was most times when I went to the counter I virtually always had to ask for service, despite the fact that the receptionists saw me waiting right in front of them! In fact, one morning I said 'good morning' cheerily to the guy on reception and he did not even acknowledge me until I repeated it in a more aggressive tone. The staff in the breakfast room were a bit more pleasant, but top marks go to the back of house staff such as the housekeepers who were always really courteous and greeted is with big smiles.The breakfast was included in our room rate, but again only for two of us so we had to pay for my nine year old son. The food was mediocre but plentiful enough although to be honest I would have preferred to not have had the breakfast in the room rate and made do with the kitchenette in the room to rustle something up instead.The complex has two swimming pools - both small but enough to keep kids and some adults amused for a while. There was also a gym and sauna although we never got to use them. The breakfast room was located in the coffee shop which did food throughout the day although we did not try it.For internet, we had to borrow a cable from the reception to use our computer in the room although it didn't seem to work and according to the instructions they provided it would not have been particularly fast anyway. They also had free wifi in the coffee shop and whilst we never used it, several other people were on it regularly so presumably it was okay.Our room rate gave us a late checkout of 4pm. The night before, reception has left us a note saying we had to be out before that but when it was queried with them they agreed it was a mistake and checkout was indeed 4pm. That was very useful as our flight was not until quite late in the evening and it meant we could rest a bit in the afternoon before travelling. Baggage can be left at the hotel once you have checked out but it is just left out in the lobby by the toilets and they ask you to sign a responsibility waiver so I would not recommend leaving any valuables in your luggage. Saying that, we had no problems.The hotel location is okay - a 15 minute walk from Bur Juman and it's new metro station and there's loads of restaurants in the surrounding hotels too. There's always loads of taxis passing by so they are easy enough to flag down, although coming back was sometimes difficult as some taxi drivers never knew exactly where the complex was - quite understandable given that there are many in the Golden Sands chain. In fact, make sure you get dropped at the right one as some of the others are quite a walk away and the whole area looks identical no matter which street you are on.All in all our stay at Golden Sands 5 was okay, but to be honest I think there are better apartment complexes around the same areas for similar money. My biggest issue with the place was with the reception staff, many of whom could do with a bit of customer service training or better still, laughing gas!!	
Oct 20 2009 	Good base for shopping	Golden Sands Hotel and Apartments is a big complex of different buildings which are about 10 mins drive from the airport and close to the meena bizzar and shopping areas.We stayed at Golden Sands number 3. The rooms are very large and have self catering facilities. The standard of the room was very good value for money and ideal as a base. The purpose of my visit was for shopping and was out of the hotel most of the time. The hotel swimming pool is very small. There is a free shuttle bus to the beach which if you pre book at reception if free. I would only recommend this accommodation for a few days for business purposes or a shopping trip.	
Oct 17 2009 	Dissapointed	It was cramped, dirty, smelly and musty. Not really a place I'd go again to. Helpful staff, a pool and a small cafe in it gave it a poor insted of a terrible.	
Oct 15 2009	Super value super hotel	We stayed at Golden Sands #3. On arrival noted ATM machine in lobby. Large, spacious reception with plenty of seating and 3 computers with Internet. We arrived at the hotel at 8am and were allowed access to our studio immediately, which to me was a big plus compared to the European counterparts. Clean, quick bright lift (beware fast closing doors) took us to our accommodation. Wow, when entered room, icy cool, big and well equipped. (Air conditioning that we could control.) For the price very impressed. Desk, dining and occasional tables, 2, two seater sofas, TV, huge fridge freezer, microwave, two burner cooker, washing machine, sink, iron, iron board and a KETTLE. Huge windows and balcony, with insect netting. Lovely bathroom and comfy beds, linen for which was changed frequently. Another big plus, free, easy to operate, in room safe. We also discovered there was a daily courtesy bus to the beach. When we finally went exploring, we found the hotel was well located for supermarkets, eateries and shopping malls, buses and the metro (some stations still under construction). Dubai is really hot and the heat wraps itself around you like an electric blanket, so if you are going somewhere specific, jump in a taxi, air conditioned, inexpensive and plentiful around the hotel. Having said that, the hotel is in a very quiet location. We didn't visit Dubai to spend all day in a hotel, but if we did, then Golden Sands 3, would be a good choice.	
Oct 12 2009 	Happy with number ten	There are several Golden Sands Hotel Apartments in the same neighbourhood. Golden Sands 10 generally seems to get highest acclaim, and we stayed here in June 2009. We had two big apartments, one with two and one with three bedrooms. The bathrooms were nice, the kitchens big and everything was clean. Furniture was a little worn and there was very little equipment in the kitchens, but on the other hand the price was very low. We experienced good, if not great service, and are generally very satisfied with our stay.Be warned, however, that it is not possible to be outdoors in Dubai in June. Even the 300 meters to Bur Juman shopping center was exhausting and very little happens around Golden Sands. You are only minutes away from the action, however, with incredibly cheap taxis.	
Sep 28 2009 	Good priced place to stay	Clean spacious apartments, easy reach of the Bur Juman Mall and local supermarket.	
Sep 26 2009 	Very good value	This hotel is many buildings in the same area, when you book it you have to know which number they give you , because it might make a difference. Its nice and clean hotel, with nice staff, I liked the location, its just close to everything , and alway had taxi around.The room is clean and has evrything, yet very very small..for a couple who do not stay long time its ok , but if you have a child with you it would be impossible.The hotel is not new, and it shows somewhere sometimes, if to compare it with other new hotel apartments I would take the other one , but the location of this hotel just perfect for my reasons.In general that is good one for very good price.	
Aug 31 2009 	Acceptable... stay here if you do not require first-class lodging	I can say that the Golden Sands Hotel Apartments are acceptable. If you do not need first-rate hotels, then this is a place you can consider. It had a decent bathroom, comfortable bed and couch, little kitchen and would be okay for an extended-stay place if you needed it.	
Aug 23 2009 	A perfect group accomodation	It is a very good group accomodation. We were with 24 people, so we booked 6 appartments. The rooms are very big clean and comfortable. All the amenities are there for an appartment. A big plus is the two bathrooms in a 4-person appartment. On the website they mentioned that the hairdryer was in the room, however it was not. They delivered a good service by immediately bringing a hairdryer to my room. The location was not close to the beach, but for my purpose of the trip (study trip) it was not neccesary. A shopping mall was in walking distance, this was comfortable. Also a plus is the ATM machine at the entrance of the building, very safe. Only the swimming pools are quite small.	
Aug 18 2009 	You get what you pay for it was OK...	We arrive at 7am, they couldn't put us in a room but they could take our bags. The staff never smile, never say thank you or good morning, they're like robots (I've traveled to Dubai 8 times and find this pretty normal with most folk here, so I always do my utmost to be ever-so-pleasant).We were told to wait until 11am, so we went for a walk (now 43deg c outside), too hot, came back. Sat in the lobby until 2pm. Then we were told where to go and bags were bought up to the room.Room was ok, VERY hard bed. Harder than you will be used to, trust me, I like a hard bed, but this was like a block of wood.Free water was nice. Bathroom leaked (drip drip drip) and the walls are not-so-much...It's handy enough for shopping malls etc. But don't expect ANYTHING more than what you pay for. No niceties, no &quot;can I help you?&quot; and as always, my wife was ignored and I had to do all the talking (male dominant/female subservient thing).Overall, it's good value guess, but we did stay in a better one on the way back.	
Aug 5 2009 	Thank-you Golden Sands!!!	We stayed for 3 nights and used the Early Bird Offer I found on the hotel website (recommended). Excellent value for money. We stayed at Golden Sands 10. Huge apartment, comfortable beds, 2 bedrooms (one with leaking room though). washing machine and kitchen - what more can you ask for! The staff gave us a very early check-in because we were traveling with our 17 month old son who needed to sleep. The staff were friendly and reasonably helpful - I think there is a language issue, as they wanted to help but I don't think they quite understood properly. The only thing was that when we were asking for things to do, they failed to point out that there is a tourist office at Golden Sands 3, we only discovered this when walking past to catch the free shuttle bus.Speaking of the free shuttle bus, not sure if it's still operating as I remember reading on the timetable they emailed me that it will soon cease service but we couldn't find the bus at the airport. It didn't matter too much as we got a taxi instead. The shuttle from Golden Sands 5 to the beach was a good service.Also, if you need a hairdryer or a toaster, just ask reception and they will bring it right up for you.Not the best location - nothing much around. But the money we saved with such a good deal, we didn't mind catching the shuttle bus or a taxi. Also, there is a big supermarket called Spinneys close to Golden Sands 10.We recommend visiting Wild Wadi, Aquaventure, Mall of Emirates and Ski Dubai (which is in the Mall of Emirates) and 4WDing tour with Sunflower tours (ask for driver Charlie).It's was very very hot - 45 degress, so be prepared!Enjoy your trip to Dubai.Regards, Allison from Melbourne, Australia.	
Jul 10 2009 	Good Location	Good place to stay although hotel is looking a bit tired, staff extremley polite and went out of their way to make sure we had everything we needed.We had a suite which was great as I could do some washing, after purchasing washing powder from supermarket.There are no hairdryers in the rooms so we had to loan one from the hotel. The airconditioner in the master bedroom sounded like a truck so we had to turn it off, fortunately the one in the lounge was sufficient to cool the whole suite down. Bathroom looked very run down and a bit sad, looked like the rooms had been renovated but not the bathroom but was sufficient for a shower etc.The restaraunt staff were great, extremely obliging. The tour desk was amazing and very helpful although very shy so I can see how some people would think they are rude- but we found the opposite.Taxis are always available and the taxi drivers know where this hotel is- good idea to get a basic price first as twice they tried to scam us. I think price wise this hotel is competitive.	
Jun 22 2009 	Do be ripped off	I stayed at this Hotel in December 2008 and had been a regular customer over the last couple years . When I returned home after my trip I notice an overcharge on my credit card which I didn't incur while at the hotel I connected the hotel who admitted the mistake but I still have not got my money back. I left. I think that it is quite a good hotel but I would advise travellers to made sure that they not incur overcharging. Do not give them your credit card. I did advise the management several times about this matter and the fact that I would be posting this if I do not get satisfaction.	
Jun 21 2009 	Not the best place to stay	Downside You may get shifted to a diff. Golden sands ( I was moved to GS 5 from Gs 3)The Tourist office sucks -- not very helpfulThe fuse in my room tripped in the middle of the night The bathrooms are smelly View is horrible UpsideConvenient location Can exchange currency You can cook in the rooms with microwave and an ovenHas internet	
Jun 11 2009 	Clean and comfortable	Had a 4 night stay at Goldens Sands 3 which we enjoyed, staff were friendly and helpful, free airport shuttle was very useful. Great room, good size, clean with fridge/freezer microwave, 2 ring hob and washer/dryer, could have done with a toaster and had to ask for a hairdryer, as they weren't in the room, but did have iron and board.	
Jun 8 2009	A Stay To Remember	We,a family of four stayed in Golden Sands Hotel Apt. 3 from 18/4/09 for 3 nights.Thanks to the Hotel Desk of Golden Sands at the Airport itself,we were made aware of the Free Shuttle Service every 2 hours between the Airport &amp; the Hotel.Being a first time traveller to Dubai,the entry itself was a good experience to us. On arrival at the hotel,the reception staff were very friendly &amp; helpful.The 2 Room Studio Apt. was neatly &amp; comfortably done.The Gym &amp; the Swimming Pool,though a small one was a good relaxation.The Travel Desk at the hotel was a very convenient option for booking BIG BUS TICKETS &amp; DESERT SAFARI.However we were unable to use the free shuttle to the Beach due to limited number of seats available.  Buying a few things from the nearby Spinneys &amp; making breakfast in the room itself is a good idea.Hotel is Ideally located behind Bur Juman Shopping Centre. Though our visit to Dubai was very short, it was indeed a stay to remember.	
Jun 8 2009	Fantastic Holiday	I stayed at the Golden Apartments 5 room 325. I must say these apartments are very cleaned, every day you got fresh linen, towels and cleaned your room even done your washing up! The beds are very comfortable but found the pillows very springy but I got use to it. One day during our stay we recieved a letter through our door to say no water from 11pm to 4am due to maintainece work, this wasn't a problem but it was nice the hotel kept us informed of anything. The showers are not power showers, but still good showers. You get loads of kitchen ware in the Apartment, you have a electric hob, micro wave, fridge and freezer NO OVEN.  The hotel staff are very friendly, they helped us with our queries and many questions we had during out stay. The swimming pool is very warm and open till 10pm at night. The hotel is near burjamin shopping centre which is huge and plenty of choices to eat out, and even take ways. You even have Mcdonalds, KFC, subways, burger king all close by. You like pizza I would recommend little ceasers they do a fantastic meal deals, and you never go hungry! eating out is very cheap, each meals cost us no more than £4 a day. We ate at grand resturant opposite hotel and had a bad experience I wouldn't recommend eating there. The supermarket Grand which is open till 11pm is basic, nothing is priced, but some things such as cheese is out of date. We brought a lump of cheese cost us £6 (rip off) and had full of mould on it, I took it back but wouldn't give me my money back, so I ended up getting a different cheese. If you want a supermarket about 10 mins walk is spinneys open 24 hours and very cheap and sells everything, its like our ASDAS. If you are looking to do trips. I would recommend the jeep safari this is a life time expereience going into the desert, included a rough ride in the desert, bbq dinner, henna painting, belly dancing and much more. The big bus is also good, you get to see the whole of dubai, so fantastic, includes free drinks. I also recommend the dow dinner cruise, 5 star vip treatment walking on red carpet and a cruise down the creek. There is a excusion tour place in Apartments 3 o Golden sands and I read reviews they were never there, this isn't true it opens at 8am and closes at 6pm every day. The tour person was very helpful and trips were very cheap.  Friday is there holiday which nothing opens till 4pm. Its best to go to the beach tour on this day. Over all the week at Golden Sands apartments were very nice, and Dubai is one of my favourite countries I visited. If you looking for a cheap airline to Dubai I would recommend Royal BRUNEI AIRLINES.	
Jun 3 2009 	Feel at home	No frills appartments, as they should be. Centrally located. Staff is cordial and helping. Food is quite decent. The pool is not big, but great for sun-bathing. Very relaxed and chilled-out atmosphere. i would say, great value for money.	
May 30 2009 	excellent locationRoomsValue and service	Me 44 &amp; my partner 48 stayed at the golden sands 3 hotel on the 6th of September 2007 for 10 nights in a self contain apartment on a self catering basis. Now there are in total 15 golden sands which can be a little confusing when driving round the streets on the first few nights but you soon get used to it. The hotel it’s self is excellent the rooms are massive come with free air conditioning which is a must in Dubai we had two bedrooms two bathroom one living/dining area with two comfy sofas and a galley style kitchen, complete with oven and washing machine, They are spotless There is a small balcony but the view is just other hotels which is very common in Dubai as it’s the worlds biggest building site, The beds have to be one the best beds we have slepted in they are huge and extremely comfortable, the maids come in daily to clean and leave fresh towels.( even washed the pots on some days). They also deliver the daily newspaper to room every day for free, even though we did not understand a word of it!!!.The golden sands hotel we stayed at did not have a bar or restaurant (or we never saw one and there was no information of one) but there is a comfy area for sitting drinking tea etc if you wish to drink alcohol you have to drink in the restaurants out side or buy from the supermarket and take to your room, There is no entertainment either, You can arrange trips from this hotel and there is a car hire office the other plus about this hotel has secure free parking &amp; free use of three computers in the reception which we took full advantage off.( many hotels charge for both these services)There is a swimming pool which is placed over the car park and a pool side bar/cafe where you can get snacks and drinks, the pool is clean and there is sunny &amp; shady spots with plenty of sun lougers and its on green rubber mats to give impression of grass, this may have been update now? but there is no view all you see is other tall hotels, but if you higher a car like we did you can drive 40 mins to the securer jumeirah beach you have to pay about £5.00 for the day to park car or £3.00 on foot but it has showers toilets bar and food &amp; there’s no beach bum,s the beach is spotless and the sea is like walking into a warm bath brilliant.The hotel is in a great location for shopping eating out &amp; sight seeing all within walking distance there is also a supermarket just on the corner open 24hours, but I would recommend hiring a car if you wish to go to the beach, and for further sight seeing or if you would rather have a beach holiday book a hotel much nearer to the beaches.( of course you will pay a much high price for this)	
May 28 2009 	Not bad for price	Arrived early Sat morning at 6.30 am, Although i had emailed hotel before to see if we could pay a bit extra for the room they still charged us for a full day. Not the best place to stop in Dubai however for the price you cant crumble. If on a budget a great choice but if you can afford a more expensive hotel then push the boat out .	
May 26 2009 	excellent service... well worth the stay!	its more convenient to travel to the hotel by cab. be sure to make a note to which hotel you're going, since there's about 10 golden sands apartment hotel within the area!room is cleaned everyday including fresh sheets and towels!if you plan to eat in your room, there's plenty of cooking utensils to use. there's even a washing machine if you intend to wash up your clothes before you go home!wifi is available in the hotel cafe.visiting the mall and other tourist spots are accessible by cab. there are some shops that are within walking range.	
May 22 2009 	Very Good Value	Stayed for 6 nights in May 14th-21st. Great value for Dubai area. Had a full kitchen and laundry facilites in the studio room in golden sands 3 . Booked through orbitz for $62 . Call orbitz to reconfirm booking and ask them which apt complex you are staying at because I think there are 10. I did this before leaving and it cuts down on the confusion when you arrive. Business center facility internet is incredibly slow but was useful to print off boarding pass at no charge. I used the wireless access with my own computer from the coffee shop and speeds were fine for most web surfing and email checking. Also, there is free daily shuttle to jumeirah beach from 9:40 to 4 leaving from complex 5. I suggest reserving this a day or two before to ensure a spot. Free shuttle service to and from airport leaving every two hours. If you are on a budget try to take an advantage of this as cab fares can add up. If you take all white cabs outside door (luxury) they are 30% more. Hail the red or blue/ yellow cabs from a block away. Bur juman is within walking distance but the creek is a rather long walk especially in the heat of the day. Had no trouble finding cabs from wherever I was in the city. Very good value for the money and would stay again.	
May 20 2009 	Great Base for holiday	Forgot to get the free shuttle to the hotel but after reading on Trip Advisor made sure I found out which Golden Sands I was staying in, it was 3. The room was great for us, 2 sofas and a kitchenette with washer dryer and microwave, free newspaper and maid every day. Looked out over the car park but it was too hot to go on the balcony anyway. Took the Big Bus tour on our 2nd day, bought a ticket for 24 hrs, should have split it over 2 days. There are 2 routes 1 around the city and the other down the beach and back along the malls. There are loads of places of interest where you can get off have a look and get on the following bus (every half hour) and some free entrance passes to the museum and river cruise. We hired a car for 4 days from the hotel for £120 (could have got it cheaper from the airport) and went all over, the Jermiera Beach Park was lovely, free parking on the road, £1 each to get in, it has changing rooms, toilets, restaurant and cafes and parking for about £4, it gets busy on fridays. Free parking at the malls but had loads of trouble parking at the gold souk and traditional souk the other side of the creek, we waited 20-30 minutes for a space. We booked a Dune Safari with Jaas Desert Safari for the Thursday afternoon, they called my mobile on Tuesday asking where we were!!, We were picked up on the Thursday by a man who couldnt speak much english and ushered into his 4x4, there were 2 asian lads in there already who were very chatty and 1 could speak the drivers language. It was really hot in the back sandwiched between 2 people on the 1 3/4 hr drive. We stopped and were told to get out and pointed to a toilet, we went and then those tea towel things were tied around our heads by men in the shop, we got a drink and went to the till. They tried to charge us £20, I took it off my head and gave it back (the one I got in Egypt was only about 25p!!, we then arrived just down the road at the loaction (we thought the stop off was where the drivers were paid to stop by the shop owners) I got in the backseat of the 4x4 so I could hang on. The dune safari wasnt good with a moody driver who said he wasnt going to drive us and then did, I thought it was supposed to be fun, the other lads said last time they came the driver was informative and happy. We stopped at a bedouin camp where we ate, had a henna tattoo, rode a camel, dressed in arab dress and watched a belly dancer. The driver came to collect us and I indicated I wanted to get in the back seats, he pointed to the middle, I said it was too hot to be sat so close, he slammed the seat down and walked off in a huff. I climbed in the back and we drove back to the hotel. It took only 45 mins as he drove twice the speed limit whilst speaking alernately on 2 mobile phones. When we arrived he tried to speak asking how long we were staying. I just ignored him and as I got out told him how rude he was. We had a great time other than that, weather was hot and not humid and we got the free shuttle back to the airport. A visit to the Al Karama Shopping centre is a must if you like designer T-Shirts, Ed Hardy, polo, etc for approx £10 and handbags form all designers (cheap!), belts, purses etc. Have Fun!	
May 19 2009 	Great Affordable choice for Dubai	We arrived on an early morning flight into Dubai. The Golden Sands airport shuttle goes from Terminal 1 and only every 2 hours, so we got a taxi - 40 Dirhams (20 Dirhams just to sit in the taxi at the airport).Upon arrival we checked in and were asked to wait in the foyer until our room was ready. In reality you could probably leave your bags there and go out, but we were tired didn't think anything would be open at 8am, so opted to wait. At 9:30am we were able to get into our room. Since official check-in time is 12noon, I didn't think this was too bad. The studio appartment (Golden sands 3) was spacious and clean. We only stayed one night so didn't really use the extra facilities of the washing machine, microwave etc.We walked to the Burjaman mall (10-15 mins) where they have a food court and also restaurants and then continued on to the creek and the Dubai museum (another 15-20 mins). Do-able, but you have to like walking and not in the middle of the day!We needed to leave our luggage for the day upon check-out and I was concerned that it would just be left exposed in the lobby as it was on check-in. The reception staff informed me that it would be locked away for the day. Whilst I did not see them take it away, upon return it did have to be retreived from behind reception by the porter.The reception staff tried hard, but did not fill me with confidence. I get the impression they are trying to be better than a 2* hotel with the porters etc.We took the evening shuttle back to the airport and were able to be droped off at Terminal 3.All in all, a good hotel for the price. There are some restaurants within walking distance and otherwise taxi's are cheap. Our most expensive was from Mall of the Emirates - about 50 Dirhams. It is great that they try to let you into the rooms early if they can and securely store your baggage for you upon departure.	
May 12 2009 	Very Practical for Family	Stayed 6 nights at GS. Two bed apartment for £100/night. For Dubai that's a reasonable price. Location is very central for Bur Dubai and walking distance from Meena Bazaar. Apartments are a good size and clean. Lacking in Kitchen Utensils. Managed to cook breakfast with a struggle. Contain Fridge, Microwave &amp; Washing Machine/Iron etc, so very practical for family with young children. Too far if you want to spend time at beach / the big shopping malls, but ideal for town / Bur Dubai. Although they have free access to PC's/Internet in lobby, the connection is extremely slow and always busy. Best time to use is after midnight!! Swimming pool is too small to accomodate for the number of guests and not enough deck chairs.	
May 7 2009 	Best Yet!! stayed in Golden Sands 5	I was very impressed with Golden sands, stayed 7 nights, booked through apodo.co.uk and got room for GBP 55 a night, room was lovely, bathroom clean, kitchen (microwave, big fridge, freezer, toaster, hob, kettle) big bed, decor modern, 2 and 3 seat settees, with table to eat at, balcony, free newspaper every morning, big flat screen TV, two pools, restuarant, 24hr room service which was great meals cheap and very good, free on site parking, one of the best accomodations I have stayed in and I have stayed in some expensive hotels, would go back to same apartments (Golden sands 5)	
May 6 2009 	Frustrating hospitality	On our honeymoon, after 6 days in Bali, we flew to Dubai for 3 nights. Golden Sands was chosen as one of my friends had been there before and the hotel seemed to be a value for money destination. As people say - &quot;First impression is last impression&quot;..the trouble we faced right from landing at Dubai Airport and talking to Golden Sands personnel at their office in the Airport lounge till the time our room was allocated to us, was exasperating and created an extremely negative view about their service standards. Inspite of us having the booking confirmation from our agent, the hotel officials said there was no booking in our name (they claim there was some problem at the processing end) and hence they cannot do anything. Several calls (international calls from my cellphone) were made to my agent in India and I was constantly questioning the hotel management at the hotel reception for a reasonable answer for such mismanagement. If this was not enough, the reception staff was extremely arrogant to say the least. The manager of the hotel inspite of being aware about our situation went to sleep as his shift was getting over without bothering to solve our problem. After 7 hrs of ordeal, suddenly one of the staff came to us and said our room is allocated and upon asking how come suddenly the reservation showed up in their system, no convincing answer was made available. Bottomline - i dont think this was a one-off case as later on i realised this was experienced by many other travellers and hence, stay away ....better options exist in Dubai.	
May 5 2009 	Excellent for families who don't need hand holding	Stayed with my family (2 kids) for 5 nights. Clean rooms and friendly staff; worth mentioning that if you need something just ask and they'll help you out. i.e. they gave us coat hangers, dish soap, and a dish sponge. Internet in lobby works fine, tour office (GS-3) was excellent, small market open 24 hrs 2 min walk away, taxi's always available, pool used by kids for a couple of hours while I used the gym (basic but adequate to do 2/3 of my workout- treadmills, bikes, flowmotion gym), have a shuttle to airport but only to/from Terminal 1 (all Emirates flights arrive T3 now). Rooms were more than adequate; separate bedroom and two baths plus a kitchenette (microwave, stove, fridge and an electric hot water pot; not too many utensils but enough to make due); two baths with showers and bidets; sitting area with TV, sofas and coffee table; small table for eating; desk; balcony; air conditioning in both rooms.Location is in Bur Dubai close to the old souk. Need to take taxi or bus to get around town. Safe area, need key to enter elevator/lift. Be sure to ask via email which GS (golden sands) you are in as there are 10 (although all in the same area).Didn't eat in restaurant but had two greek salads from room service which were good. (room service 24 hrs).Price; 80 euros a night. Absolutely fantastic. Would highly recommend this hotel to those who don't need a luxury room.	
Apr 29 2009	best locaTION	It’s an apartment, a great place to stay in burjuman, Dubai area. I was with my family and we really had a good time. We had booked a studio room, it had fully equipped kitchen, sofa cum bed, neat &amp; clean bathroom, groceries shop below the hotel overall it is very comfortable for Indian families, staff very cool. A free pick for everyone by a fully air-conditioned mini bus. In short, is an ideal, best and affordable, apartment in Dubai. It’s walking distance from meena bazaar, computer market, etc.	
Apr 27 2009 	Brilliant Hotel Good Facilities	Stayed at golden sands 10 from 20th april for 7days, had a very good experience with staff rooms where every clean good room service good view from the balcony.nice sized swimming pool could have been bigger as it did get busy at times, also had a gym and table tennis with a squash court. did not eat at the restaurant as it was a little bit pricey, there is a supermarket 150ms away every cheap with the rooms having an oven microwave and fridge ideal for low budget travelers also McDonald KFC and Burger King within 5mins walking distance.only down fall is the location for activities is a little bit away and it costs about 35aed to get around one way to shopping centers and the city center which are about 15mins drive, also taxi service outside of the main doors they do try and charge more than you would pay if u get a taxi with a meter, they are always around so i recommend u always get one of those.	
Apr 27 2009 	Good budget accomodation a bit dirty though	The room was still being cleaned when we arrived, so I think they cut it short, and therefore the floors were quite dirty and the lounge even seemed a bit dirty. It was a nice self contained unit we were in, but didn't make great use of it, so can't really advise on the utensils etc. There was an incident with one of my friend's credit card not working, but we managed to use another card, and also another person staying there complained of the same. My friend was able to use the card in other places though???The travel centre downstairs was very handy and arranged our tours for us, with great flexibility, and all were fun and went without incident.The internet access downstairs all has CCTV directly over it, so we were weary about what details to enter when using the internet there.Overall a positive stay.	
Apr 25 2009 	Great hotel for a short break or stopover	Stayed at the Golden Sands 3 for a one night stopover on the way back from Australia to Manchester. Arrived 7am along with lots of others (40 Dirhams taxi but they do a transfer bus so it's worth emailing). Check in was technically 2pm but we were checked in and told we would have a room by 11am. In fact it was 9.30 which was great. Room ideal - 2 rooms, 2 bathrooms, kitchen including washing machine and microwave. View of building site, but really clean and comfortable with air con. Not near beach but not a bad area. We walked to the old town and the creek and got a taxi to the Jumeirah Beach Gardens (5 Dirhams to get in) - you can also get the bus to the beach from close to the hotel. Then back to the hotel rooftop pool - not fantastic but clean and great for our 12 year old to have a dip. For tea we found an Indian restaurant nearby and got a nice meal for 70 Dirham for 3 of us(£12.50). Got the free hotel airport transfer at 6am. Missed the included breakfast but still great value at £70 from ebookers. Make sure you email the hotel to find out which Golden Sands block you are in (there are 12!) and they will also tell you the times of airport transfers (there are free transfers to the beach too). Golden Sands would be great for a short break in Dubai.	
Apr 21 2009 	Great Apart-hotel though Costly	I stayed in this Hotel in December, 2008, which is Peak season in Dubai. The Apart-hotel was ideally located in the center of the city. There was a Spinney's Supermarket just across the street and transport was easily available which is essential in Dubai which does not have very good public transport.The hotel was quite costly since it was peak season. But the rooms were very spacious. It was cleaned every day which was a pleasant surprise after our Europe visit where those guys clean every week only. The facilities in the apartment were also excellent - a huge well kept kitchen with a big fridge, microwave and all amenties. First time we saw an apartment with not only a washing machine but a clothes drying machine also. Another pleasant surprise was that the first day, due to horry, we had kept the dirty dishes for washing in the evening. When we returned the dishes had all been cleaned by the service people. Unbelievable. The hotel people were also very helpful in arranging tours etc. but we just took their advise and then arranged the tours ourselves as the cost otherwise is much higher. They also gave us good advise where to go, what all to see and what to do. If you dont enjoy car motion, I would suggest not to take the Desert Safari - You feel very queasy. The Atlantis Hotel Aquarium is very costly. Instead go to the Dubai mall, they have a huge aquarium. The Ibin Batuta Mall is very nice. But nothing much to do in Dubai really. Only for a 3-4 night visit. Thats all.	
Apr 21 2009 	Good Apartments	The rooms are neat and well maintained. More of a Business Service apartments.Close to Malls and walking distance to eating places for Indian Food.	
Apr 18 2009	great stay	we arrived on the 6th april for 8nights we where a group of 13 -3 familys we had booked in november did request to be next to each other but when we got there 2 families where next to each other the other family was on the same floor but on the opposite side of the hotel which was a bit of a inconvience. after reading the reveiws on the hotel i was abit worryed!! But when we got there i couldn't fault the hotel,we stayed in golden sands 3 in the 2 bed studio apartments the kitchen was abit small as their where 5 of us in the room the 2 bathrooms wher very clean and tidy and the sheets and towels where changed everyday. we booked our trips and hired a minibus with a company called diamond tours the owners name was called Raju , he was great !!! reasonably in price and he had a minibus which meant that we travelled everywhere together which was good for us and cheaper!!! we where never bored there are lots of shops and malls around there within walking distance.if your looking for a holiday where you just stay in the hotel and pool then i would'nt recommend this hotel.	
Apr 16 2009 	great stay	We went with a group of us 10 in total. We arrived at 7.30am but was dissapointed to be told we couldnt check in till 12pm as there were no rooms available. We had reserved a 2 bed studio and 3 bed apartment. We then found out that the 2 bed studio was in a different building (golden sands 3) while the 3 bed is in golden sands 10.So we patiently waitied till 12pm and then was told that actually tehy had over booked and was now offering us 5 single studios in the same building Golden sands 5. I was quite dissapointed with this service at first but it actually worked out fine in the end.So generally after the check in problem the hotel saty was great had no other complaints. Our rooms were cleaned everyday and the staff was very freindly.Great hotel if ur on a budget and location was good too.	
Apr 15 2009 	Good value - well located	An excellent choice of hotel if you don't want to pay the earth. The location is central (Bur Dubai) and many places are easy to walk or taxi to.If you want luxury and to only see tourists, then choose a beach hotel. However, if you are after seeing some of the real Dubai, this is a good choice. Don't book with them direct (or pay their published rates). We went through an on-line agency a paid approx £520 for 5 nights (4 adults). The published rate was that per night.The only grip was the slow internet (both in the business centre or via WiFi in the restaurant. I later discovered that the speeds were just as bad in the airport.	
Apr 14 2009 	Golden Sands - Would Definately Recommend them!	I only have positives to say about the Golden Sands Hotel Apartments. I decided to book a one bedroom studio here (which was massive by the way and plenty big enough for 2 people). Golden Sands is a cheap place to stay and gives you the option of catering for yourself - there is a supermarket nearby however you probably need to catch a taxi to a bigger supermarket if you want to feed yourself for the duration of your stay. I decided to stay here so i could spend the money that i had saved on a hotel on the actual trip and doing different activities. The positives: early check-in if requested when booked (we were checked in at 9am); rooms cleaned every day and fresh towels given; a complimentary bottle of water and a daily newspaper if requested; the restuarant/ cafe served an array of snacks and meals and were very reasonable; pool available (althought the sun loungers filled up quickly); free shuttle bus to the Jumeriah Beach Park at 9.45 every morning and returning at 4pm which will save you at least £10 a day in taxis (be warned, you need to book your places on this as soon as you get there as it fills up pretty quickly); tour booking office in the hotel; very helpful front desk; always taxis outside - go with the white and coloured taxis rather than the hotel ones (pure white cars) as they are MUCH cheaper. Finally, there is a free shuttle bus to and from the airport - you need to phone the hotel before you get there if you wish to arrnage a pick up. It was also a very quiet hotel - no noisy people about and no building work going on in the immediate area!The only negative: the bathroom was a little dated and did have a very mild smell to it but to be honest, for the amount i paid for the hotel and for all the positives listed above, it wasn't a problem at all!In my personal opinion, the location was great as Dubai is so huge that it is impossible to walk anywehre therefore taxis are the way forward. The taxis were readily available and you can hail them on the streets - go for the coloured ones - white and yellow, white and red, white and blue etc etc as they are a lot cheaper. The most expensive taxi ride we took was down to the Burj Al Arab and that cost around £8 (40 AED) but it miles and miles away and there is no way you could walk it. My only other tip is to ring Golden Sands before you get there or ring Expedia if you have booked through a company like them and they will phone and find out which apartment block you are in as there are 10 Golden Sands and if you end up going to the wrong one it can be a pain. I rung Expedia and then telephoned Dubai for me and then called me back to let me know i was in Golden Sands number 3.	
Apr 14 2009 	Value for money	We stayed at Golden Sands 3.The hotel was convenient. Reception desk need to be more informed.They could not even give direction to the nearest Mosque. The tall buildings in the area made it difficult to find.The bathroom definately need a upgrade. The towels need to be replaced.Furthermore we enjoyed our stay. The food in restuarant good.They need to install more lifts. the corridors to long to walk. Our room was comfortable &amp; for the price we paid.	
Apr 13 2009	Found it a nice play to stay at	I stayed there for 2 weeks at Golden Sands 10. We stayed in a 2 bedroom appartment with 2 bathrooms. The rooms were big including the bathrooms. The rooms were clean and tidy and they were cleaned everyday. The staff were friendly.There is a nice lobby on the groundfloor where you can go on the internet but its very slow! There is a sauna there but its in the same room as the toilets by the swimming pool but I dont think it worked. The gym is good, i went there regularly, open 8am till 10pm. Has 3 tredmels, 3 exercise bikes, rowing machine, weight machines and free weights. Also 2 tv's in the gym room. The swimming pool is a decent size with plenty of area to sunbathe or relax near the pool.There is plenty of parking, 2 floor parking for any hotel residents staying with a car.The TV is ok if you're in the hotel and want to watch some tv, about 30 channels to chose from.There is a fair bit of traffic near the hotel, but then you have to remember that Dubai is a growing country. Its building a metro system, new roads and road works in progress. You only have to think back to what it was like only 20 years ago and see the transformation in such little time! You cant build a new country over night it takes time!Most roads are busy, but thats because the country hasnt been fully completely yet. Shoundt put you off the country, its beautiful!	
Apr 7 2009 	Large and spacious Apartments	We stayed in Golden Sands 10 and found the apartments clean and very spacious. the rooms were cleaned every day and in the 2 bedroom apt we had, there was 2 bathrooms also. Reception were helpful with any queries we had. It was great value for money in my opinion and would stay in them again...the kitchen was well equipped and you just had to ask if there was anything not there i.e. a toaster. There is free internet in the lobby area and also a pool on the ground floor. Word of warning - do not use the taxis that are standing outside the reception area unless u wana pay a lot more money.. Go across to spinneys or even further on (2min walk to main rd) and hail down a cab with a yellow or green roof sign i.e. a taxi with a meter!!	
Apr 5 2009 	Stay away if you can	I arrived at the hotel and was immediatel shunned to golden sands 3. I was told that if i have the cab maybe I can use that to move. But I told them unfortunately I had let the cab leave. Anyways it wasnt very far so I could move there. I was given a smoking room eben though I had clearly asked for non-smoking. Opening the room proved to be a challanged. The hotel key opening system is difficult to work with to say the least.The room proved as great as my reception :(. Old furniture, Bedsheets which looked at least 2 decades old, stinky bathrooms, no alarm clocks, no electrical sockets. I had to unplug the tv to charge my laptop:). I tried to goto the hotel travel centre to book a tour but the Arabic lady there was as lazy as I have seen them. No help at all. I called her later to book a tour but was told that I had to be there in person to do it and also had to be there in 5 mins which was the deadline. Calls outside dubai including to other emirates like sharjah and abudhabhi are charged. Internet is slow and a lot of regular sights are blocked by the govt. At 5:30 in the morning the fuse blew up so no power in the room. Finally the only person in the hotel who serves as bell boy, room service etc came to fix it.It is a 2 star at the best. The only plus point was that there is a shuttle to the airport from the hotel which stops at all the other appartment hotels and takes around 45 mins to get to the airport.	
Mar 24 2009 	great facilites	We stayed here 4 nights stopover huge room cooker fridge washing machine all you would need Only problem was we had to wait 1 hour in lobby for room after flying from LHR arriving very tired NO booze in hotel or for sale at local supermarkets we walked to Majestic Hotel 10minutes away to find bar very pricey £5 a pint Did a day trip tp Abu Dubai really worth it cost the same a taxi would and commentry was good many places to see city tour also good value Dubai is a huge building site they are building a train/tram link from airport to centre 8 lanes of trafic both ways and VERY busy taxis cheap shooping malls just like any high street shops put in posher surroundings We would go back nice pool area in app3 and roof terrace very quiet (maybe lack of drink helped) We found staff friendly if not somewhat shy just put it down to culture	
Mar 23 2009 	Overrated	We stayed here with the inlaws for 4 days and were attracted by the price! We stayed in a 2 bedroom apartment in Golden Sands 10. The rooms were very big, however could do with a refurbishment. The bathroom was clean, however smelt a bit like sewerage but was bearable. The beds were really really hard and the two girls in the group both didn't sleep well and ended up very sore! The staff were friendly and helpful. We were a bit confused with our 'non-smoking' room which featured an ashtray on the coffee table, however there was no cigarette smell so we were happy! The hotel itself is really really big, to get to our room we had to walk down 2 very long corridors through 2 firedoors....it was very stark and made us feel like we were staying in a hospital!! The fire alarm did go off on one of the nights we were staying there, we went out into the corridor to see what was happening and in the 'swinging firedoor 'next to ours there was white powder everywhere so we assume that something had caught on fire...which wasn't particularly comforting!!All in all this hotel was ok, and I guess you get what you pay for in the end! I don't think we'll stay there again as we'd prefer a more central location such as Jumeriah as the traffic around Bur Dubai was really heavy most of the time.	
Mar 18 2009 	Good value for money	I visited Dubai 10th - 17th March 2009 and stayed in Golden Sands 3. We had a twin apartment and were pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness and amenities available. There were all the usual hotel extras: 24 hr room service, air conditioning, tv, daily room cleaning, iron, hair dryer on request and also the bonus of a washing machine! the kitchen area also had a cooker, microwave and basic utensils. The bathroom was small, a nice balcony and also a small pool - although you have to get on one of the few sun loungers early as they were usually full by 9am! The hotel staff are not overly helpful particularly the staff on reception but this lack of customer service (never mind a smile or warm welcome) is typical of most of Dubai. The hotel has a excursions office which seemed to be closed whenever we wanted to visit but when we did the woman working there was possibly the rudest and most unhelpful person we encountered during our entire visit! She also doesn't provide particularly useful information so my advice would be book your excursions before you go through your travel agent or online.Taxis are available outside the hotel but very expensive when compared to the generic dubai taxi service (which are metered) - tip: come out of the hotel, cross the road and walk through to the parallel road and wave down a taxi - you will pay less than half! Public transport is a nightmare!Room service is overpriced and not very nice and most decent places are a taxi ride away - as is everything else.Free access to check your emails is available, but there nis only one terminal and its usually being used and has a queue waiting, I believe there was a business area that had free wifi access though.The hotel is definately value for money as provides a good, clean service for very cheap prices compared to the rest of dubai, its slightly out of the way and the customer service is weak but I would definetely stay there again!	
Mar 14 2009 	Great Dubai apartments	Have just returned from a short (2 night) visit to Dubai. We chose the Golden Sands simply from the web reviews but were delighted with our choice. Our flight arrived very early in the morning. I had made a request for an early check in when I made the booking (through Expedia). The request had been noted, we were expected early and the receptionist checked us in immediately upon arrival.We were asigned an apartment in block 3 and were delighted to find it very well equipped. In addition to a very clean and comfortable bed and decent bathroom, there was a lounge area and kitchen - fully equipped with fridge/freezer, cooker, microwave, washer/dryer, all crockery, cutlery and saucepans. We were able to purchase a few groceries from the local supermarket which saved having to pay extra for breakfast in the restaurant.The pool (on the 1st floor of Block 3) is small and chairs/sun beds limited - but it is clean and well serviced by waiters for refreshments and meals.The wirless internet facility (accessed from the restaurant or pool area) worked well and was free of charge.The gym was reasonably well equipped and free to use.For us, the hotel was well situated - being easy walking distance from the Dubai Creek and local market areas. A taxi to Deira City Centre shopping mall cost just 20 DHS. However, it is at the far end of the city from the large international hotels and fancy tourist attractions. So its suitability would depend on what you want from your time in Dubai.Taxis to and from the airport, using excellent quality private hire vehicles, cost about 35 or 40 DHS and was no problem. The hotel complex is well known to local drivers.For a hotel charging less than £60 per night, this was excellent value. If you are looking for a clean, well-equipped apartment- style acommodation then I would sincerely recommend this to you.	
Mar 9 2009 	Excellent choice	Stayed here for 6 nights up to 7th March. Very good location for getting around,but we used Taxi's all the time as they are so cheap.The meter does not work when taxi is not moving. Airport free shuttel available for this hotel. We stayed in Apartment Block 5.Could not find fault with this hote. Rooms were fantastic size with massive double bed and air conditioning and fitted kitchen.Only fault of this trip was we were told you are allowed 4 etc. ltrs of booze enteriyng Dubai (you can not buy take outs in Dubai) which was fine.We bought 7ltrsr mostly up market brandy etc as presents. We had packed them in our big suitcases on return journey, but they were confiscated at the airport .	
Mar 4 2009 	Dubai-Not what I expected	What a strange place Dubai is! Everything is only minutes away, but seems to take ages to get to. It's like the Middle East's equivalent of L.A, traffic that seems to go on for miles. When we were there the overhead metro was under construction and I think this will take a lot of the hassle of getting around, especially for tourists. I must however, say that the taxi's are incredibly cheap for such an opulent country.A visit to the Wild Wadi waterpark is amost as is a visit to the miriade of shopping malls, even if you can't afford to buy, although I have to say eating out is surprisingly cheap. What I liked about the food courts in the malls is that you can all have something different, yet all sit together to eat.The Golden sands was superb. At first entering the hotel ,I thought I had stepped back into the 70's as the reception seemed a bit dated, but was soon very impressed with the room. Before I forget, I must mentioned that a hotel courtesy bus runs from the airport to the hotel every 2 hours, so you do not have to pay for a transfer and try and pay that little extra for a direct flight as we missed or connection in Doha due to a delay in Manchester and had to wait another 2 hours for a connecting flight.The hotel staff were spot on and nothing was too much trouble, probably wouldn't pay extra for breakfast as it's not really worth it, plus there are self-catering facilities in the room. Ours had washer/dryer, oven, an iron with ironing board as well as fridge. There is a small mini-mart if you walk out across the car park to stock up, but we spent most of the time out and about. They let you swim in the pool until 10pm, if you fancy a swim instead of sizzling in the daytime.Good value for money, looking to go back again May 2009, couldn't afford to do Dubai in one of the posh hotels on the beach, would rather stay here and have a second holiday in the summer.More shopping and eating!! Bujaman shopping mall within walking distant as is Spinney's large supermarket with chemist etc, nearby McDonald's, Pizza Hut etc if you don't want to indulge in local cuisine.Most of all get out there explore in the night time and chill in the day when it is exceedingly hot!!Enjoy	
Mar 2 2009 	Good value self contained rooms	Stayed at Golden Sands for 4 days for the Australia vs Iraq football World Cup Qualifier. Middle of the Arabian summer, the temperatures were scorching, so the ‘away from most things’ location was not much of a drama as you would get a taxi (inexpensive) to go most places anyway. They had a complimentary bus to the beach and major shopping areas so transport wasn’t too much of a problem. The staff were efficient but not overly hospitable, but that is a common trait in the region. The immediate area (within 500m) had a major shopping centre and supermarket, so it was quite economical to buy groceries and keep and cook them in the self contained room. The price was comparable to a 2-3 star hotel room, and you got so much more for your money. We are seasoned budget-middle end travellers, and we would definitely book here again when back in Dubai.	
Feb 28 2009 	Value for Money	To find a well priced, fully catered apartment for short stay is difficult in Dubai. Location is good, clean rooms, proficient staff. To have a kitchenette, washing machine, couches, tables and tv. Felt homely after we had been on the go for a month.	
Feb 18 2009 	Excellent location and value for money	Just back from a 6 nights stay in Golden Sands 10, stayed in the 3 BR appartment.The hotel is very well placed and our No. 10 was right opp. Spinney’s super mart (as we had read in prior reviews before) its just 10 mts from there.The hotel itself was pretty decent and we all found it value for money that we were paying. Speedy check-in, they take photocopy of passport at check-in and a 500 Dh refundable deposit (which was refunded to us the day we were checking out.The 3 BR appt. rooms are really nice and apartment itself is pretty big, though 2 bathrooms did not do justice when 3 families are staying. That was the only negative point that we found.Breakfast is available for a charge in the lobby area, but we got our basic groceries from Spinney’s the day we checked-in and stocked us well with 1 gallon water jars and other food stuff (as it offers more flexibility and convenient).The Gym is functional and good quality of equipment (though it is a bit dated) , right opposite was the swimming pool (not big, but ok for a leisurely dip).All in all, it was a good stay at the hotel and we couldn’t have asked for more.	
Feb 4 2009 	Good location	The hotel provides good value for money in a good location in Dubai. My wife and I are not enamoured with the high-tech latest developments in Dubai and this hotel is located closer to the older Dubai. We were able to reach the creek on foot in about 20 minutes and from there jump on an abra and cross to the old soukhs.To visit the more modern parts of Dubai, we used the bus system, which is very efficient and economical. Unfortunately, the hotel staff did not seem familiar with the bus routes and they kept telling us to use taxis. There is no need to use taxis unless you are in a great hurry to go somewhere. Otherwise, buses are cheap, frequent, clean and provide good coverage. Some people think that there is gender segregation on buses - that is no longer true. The way it is organised is that there is a section at the front of the bus where women have reserved seats, which I think is very civilised. Women are not prevented from going anywhere else in the bus and men are not prevented from sitting in the ladies' area, although most people do not, but if you do and there are ladies standing you may well be asked by the conductor to give up your seat.If you want to go to the gold soukh (well worth a visit and a purchase), go to the creek and step on an abra. Do not ask for the price of crossing (or you might get a nasty surprise), just follow everyone else as they step on the boat and sit down. Once the boat starts moving, hand over your 1 Dirham.Avoid the tours offered by the hotels and other agencies. They are way overpriced! We went on a dinner cruise and we really felt that it was a rip-off! Food is cheap and good in Dubai. There are restaurants for all budgets and we invariably were happy with anything we chose. Although the Golden Sands has kitchen facilities, we did not use them other than the fridge to store some juice - eating out is cheap and convenient.There are many merchants from India in Dubai and they have beautiful cloth materials, sometimes cheaper than you could buy them in India. We thought that pashmina shawls were a real bargain (who knows whether it was real pashmina wool, but it was lovely!), although we would recommend checking out two or three merchants and testing the quality of the material before making your final decision.Buy: gold and pashmina shawls.Avoid: taxis and organised tours.Happy to answer questions if you mail me on santo@apulia2005.com.	
Feb 2 2009 	Great hotel and good value for money	14th-16th June -Golden Sand 3Arrived Dubai very early in the morning. Despite the check in time being 1200hrs, reception staff allowed us to check in to the room as early as 0830 and they didn't even charge anything extra for it which was a great gesture.This was super value for the money we paid. Apartments were great as well. would be idea for longer stays. Enough space and well equipped for an apartment. easy access to most of the shopping malls as located in Bur Dubai. well known with all taxi drivers. was well impressed with the gym even though I didn’t have a time to use it. Generally all staff are polite and very helpful. Definitely stay in this hotel when ever we go to DubaiSurinda - Wimbledon UK	
Jan 29 2009 	Review Goldens Sands 10	Our first visit to Dubai with our 2 teenagers for a 3 night stopover at Golden Sands 10 (Dec 2008). The apartment was spacious, 3 bed,2 bath,kitchen,dining,lounge,laundry, a little dated but clean and serviced daily. Limited amount of utensils &amp; cooking equipment, a toaster had to be requested to loan.Restaurant in lobby serving breakfast.We didnt make use of the pool as we were out sightseeing each day, the pool area again looked dated and a bit shabby.Easy access to Spinneys supermarket across the road &amp; Burjuman Mall 5 min walk otherwise surrounded by other apartment blocks, and note that dispite the name it is no where near the beach and you are reliant on taxis (which are very cheap, but the taxi drivers get confused as to where to find GS10, just say opposite Spinneys!)). We had trouble accessing the internet (very slow) and the printer was not working to print our boarding passes, staff not over friendly or helpful.On arrival they informed us of a 500 dirhum security deposit on top of price quoted not mentioned in the booking, we are still pursuing return of this deposit to our credit card. We would recomend GS10 to families who want a short stopover and low cost accomodation, it was within our budget and suited us but if we went for longer would pay more for a resort nearer the beach. . As a family we enjoyed,Ski Dubai,Mall of Emirates,Desert Safari,Wadi Wadi Water Park,Dubai Mall,Gold Souk(Bur Dubai),Museum,Jumeirah Beach.Wish we had time to do more, Dubai is amazing.	
Jan 28 2009 	ok if you're not fussy about customer service	Our booking confirmation stated &quot;Golden Sands 3&quot;. When we arrived at about 2 a.m. the check in clerk told us we've been upgraded and we need to go to Golden Sands 10 (which is NOT quite next door) which they have somewhat forgotten to inform us beforehand even though the booking/ confirmation was done way back in July 2008. Thank goodness we had family members in Dubai who picked us up from the airport; otherwise we would have to walk the distance at the ungodly hour in search of this GS10. The apartment itself was quite nice - good size with comfy rooms/ beds, well equipped (washing machine/ dryer/ kitchen utensils/ crockery), house keeping that cleans the place up every day, good sized bathrooms etc. There's also quite a good supermarket and some cafés within walking distance but apart from that, you'd need to take a taxi to anywhere else. Note: taxi fares are expensive in Dubai but we elected this hotel for its price &amp; the probability of family/ friends in Dubai who could take us around in their cars.I can go on and on to demonstrate the level of service or rather lack of it, but to cut the story short - don't expect that much of customer service and your stay would be quite pleasant. In fact, it’s not just the hotel - customer service in Dubai leaves a lot to be desired. Be especially wary of agencies that conduct the &quot;touristy&quot; escapade. Our sand dune adventure with Atlanta Travels and Tours was, I believe, a real rip-off. Except in those top notch hotels/ eateries, I don't think they care two hoots about tourists/ customer service.	
Jan 24 2009 	Value for money loved it!!!	Me and two friends stayed here in November on our first trip to Dubai. You can't really fault the place for value for money. The rooms are spacious and clean, it is not badly situated as taxis are very cheap and there where always several outside. They have a free shuttle to the beach which we used twice and one to the airport as well but I think it only runs twice a day.If I had to complain about anything it would be the size of the pool in Golden Sands 3, but it wasn't till near the end of our holiday we realised you could the other pool in Golden Sands 4 or 5. If I went back would defintley book here.	
Jan 20 2009 	Internet is limited - MS Outlook not compatible	The Hotel is located in a great area near the Bur Juman Mall.They offer Internet. Great Rooftop PoolI booked it for 3 days of BUSINESS intending to work out of the room with MS Outlook (email)HOWEVER, after checking in, I spoke to the IT Department and they confirmed that I would NOT be able to use MS Outlook to send/receive E-Mails.....my 3 days were spent in an Internet Cafe, instead of the clean compfrotable rooms at the Hotel.For some reason, the IT Dept. said that their Server did NOT support SMTP I would NOT recommend this Hotel if you must have E-Mail Access through MS Outlook	
Jan 13 2009 	Rude and unfriendly staff	The apartments are cheap and the location is O.K. if you like concrete, but the staff were very rude and uncaring. Having made an innocent mistake with my online booking date I telephoned within minutes to notify them I had accidently put in the wrong date. However, as this was a last minute booking (for 2 days time) I was told that I would still have to pay for the night I had inadvertently booked. Speaking to the manager did no good, he was very unsympathetic. Seems all they're interested in is your money. Zero points for customer services.	
Dec 28 2008 	OK Place to stay in Dubai	I wasn't sure what to expect in Dubai. I have sent many people there for stopovers &amp; that's exactly what we were using it for. I'm very open when it comes to Arabic people, had at that time no opinion of them however did find they are not the friendliest nor the most welcoming to their country. On entry through customs there was no conversation at all, not even a welcom to Dubai, just a motion of the hand and passport said. Then passports plonked back on the counter &amp; that was that. We had a private car transfer booked &amp; that worked fine on arrival &amp; I was very thankful I had done that as outside the airport is busy.Our reception at the hotel was as friendly as it was at the customs. Now I'm a friendly person, I don't look mean or like I'm going to bite &amp; have good manners &amp; travelling with a teenager who is the same. I deal with the public everyday &amp; know the importance of a smile &amp; this &amp; a friendly hello costs nothing!Our room was a great size, had a kitchenette, washing machine/dryer which we were desperate for, the beds were comfy &amp; rooms quiet. Bathrooms were a good size however the shower taps were mixed up and hot was cold &amp; vice versa &amp; nearly caused my son to be burned.The hotel wasn't far from the shopping centre &amp; prices in the supermarket nearby were really good &amp; I can happily say that we had a very friendly, efficient asian girl at the McDonalds who was very welcoming.We did a city tour &amp; was picked up in a largish Tarago style vehicle. 8 people including the driver, was very squishy as 4 were largish &amp; we were in &amp; out so much everyone got a bit frustrated. The city itself was fantastic &amp; I'm glad I have seen it - amazing! We were taken all around &amp; saw alot driving along but what was disappointing was we were then taken to one shop after another which wasn't mentioned on the tour. The first one was the Islamic Arts Centre which was nice, really different things but very very expensive &amp; we were ushered along past people with calculators ready for us to buy things &amp; I mean these things were thousands of dollars &amp; none of us looked like we had that sort of money. We were then deposited at another place &amp; we just went in &amp; out &amp; everyone came out after us as it was exactly the same. We then went to the beach and outside the Burj Hotel. The city is so big we spent ages driving but it was interesting. We finished at the gold markets but again very expensive.Travelling with a teenager on my own I would not have gone out at night &amp; have heard from clients that they wouldn't either. The city is full of men just wandering around at night, sitting on street corners &amp; barely a woman to be seen. I have honestly never seen so many people as around the bus station &amp; ferry terminal - very un-nerving. We had room service for dinner &amp; that was nice &amp; the waiter was very nice &amp; friendly. We had only 2 nights there before heading to Egypt. We had organised a private transfer to take us to the airport &amp; the main purpose of this was convenience &amp; so we had time as I don't like rushing.When we first arrived in to the hotel we had a message saying the car would pick us up the night before so I called &amp; confirmed the info was incorrect &amp; they confirmed their mistake. However I then received 2 different times/dates but I confirmed again the day &amp; time. Anyway to cut a long story short, the driver never showed up so I spoke to the rep who was at the hotel &amp; she said it would be there in 5mins then she left. 45 mins later &amp; two irate phone calls a van with people in pulls up &amp; we fly to the airport in the nick of time. Not impressed with that so will be letting the wholesaler know as I would hate my clients to go through that stress!Otherwise an ok place. No customer service on checkout &amp; to be honest I really got the impression they just didn't give a hoot about tourists. Will be recommending to my clients get in and get out, don't waste anymore time there as they obviously don't appreciate the business in that country.	
Dec 27 2008 	Fabulous	I have been coming to the Golden Sands for over 12 years now and even being once a resident of the UAE, time and time again I would make the Golden Sands my top choice. The setting may not be to everyone's liking - surrounded by tower blocks within an area called 'Goldens Sands ' as there are so many other buildings that belong to the same group but as a single female traveller, I have never felt unsafe or wary walking around there at night.The apartments themselves are spacious and contain everything to be completely self contained. In fact in the other buildings some residents live there long term. There is a 24 hour supermarket located 5-7 minutes walk away called Spinney's, a bit like the UK Waitrose store, you can stock up there reasonably enough.One major issue to plague not only the Golden Sands but Dubai in general is the unavailabilty of taxis. There is a solution, get the local buses for only 2 Dirhams, they are very clean and reliable and take you to all the major places in town. If you walk to Spinney's Supermarket, the Bus Stop is practically there. The C1 (CBD route) will take you to Deira, the Airport and the Gold Souk. Route Number 9 (less frequent though) takes you to Al Ghubaiba Bus station and from there - Dubai's your oyster, not forgetting The Creek! I recommend getting the number 8 to Jumeriah Beach or even zipping over to Abu Dhabi for all of 15 Dirhams! I only learnt this way after waiting outside the apartment for taxis, pick up a bus map from the friendly uniformed staff there!In the apartments themselves on the ground floor next to the check in area (I think they are called Knights Tours) they can organise day tours to the desert and Fujairah amongst others. There is also free internet but it has a nasty habit of freezing at the crucial moment!The Hotel offers a free shuttle to the airport ( I took the one at 8pm) and they were on time. In the day they offer a shuttle to Jumeirah Beach but I never took it.If you book with an agent or internet, it is likely you will be staying at Golden Sands 3.	
Dec 17 2008 	Fit for purpose	My wife and 2 year old decided to get some R&amp;R in Dubai at the end of a 2 day holiday. I have lived in Dubai previously and knew where Golden Sands 3 is located. It's in a place called Bur Dubai, and there's lots of hotel apartments in this area. The good thing about Bur Dubai is that is centrally located and you can get to other parts of Dubai reasonably cheaply using the trusted taxi service. A tip: don't take a cab if the driver asks you where you want to go before taking you. Some cab drivers will only take long fares, so reward the dutiful ones who don't ask! Okay back to the hotel. The minuses first, they are few. the hotel doesn't have a ramp on entry so i had to carry the push chair up. the concierge was never around when I entered to give me a hand - must have seen me coming I think. when i did make a local call from my room, the line was blocked and i had to ask the operator to unblock it. the good points are that its great value for money, i paid 60 pounds for a studio, plenty for the 3 of us that just wanted a place to sleep. the rooms are clean, the bathrooms are clean (v. important) and the kitchen equipment whilst not fancy, was handy for warming milk up. the corridors were quiet, and it was easy to sleep. the AC was a little noisy, but you get use to easily tune that out after few minutes. there was free internet access in the lobby, and the speed was fine I found. there is a convenience store just round the corner. i didn't eat in the hotel, why would you with so much to explore outside? but having lived in dubai, i can tell you that hotel breakfasts are not great unless at one of the better 4 star plus hotels if you prefer to spend your money on the lovely burjuman shopping centre round just round the corner, rather than on a OTT hotel room, then this is for you. I will certainly be going there again next time.	
Dec 15 2008 	Affordable but with issues	This is probably one of the more affordable accommodations in Dubai. Be aware that Golden Sands has over 10 buildings in this massive complex of apartment hotels. Be sure you know WHICH Golden Sands we are staying in. It can be challenging to find if this is your first time in Dubai and you're driving.The staff was very helpful and accommodating. We had a studio with kitchen and washing/drying machine! Given this was week 2 of 3 week journey, this came in very helpfully -- even if it took a while.Downsides - our room smelled of old cooking smells. One night we came back to the smell of garlic wafting through the ventilation system - not good. The bathrooms are a little dated with a slight mildew smell. Upsides - 24 restaurant with ok food.Location - in Bur Dubai, far away from the glitzy part of Dubai. Close to Deira and the crowded congested Dubai (although, all of Dubai can get congested with traffic at a moment's notice.) If you're looking for affordable accomodations in Dubai, this can work. I wouldn't recommend for a romantic stay - it's btw motel 6 and best western.	
Dec 6 2008 	Very average	This hotel was very average for the price we paid (we went during the weekend of the International Rugby 7's though, so I think it was more expensive than usual). The location was bad, as there was nowhere that we could go that was within walking distance - had to catch a cab for at least 10 - 20 minutes to go absolutely anywhere (including all meals as the hotel restaurant was not very nice) and to me, that's not what I want in a holiday! I imagine however that this could be the case with a lot of hotels in Dubai, but if possible, I would reccomend working out what what you actually want to do in Dubai and choose accommodation accordingly. I.e. we were there for three days and went to the Burj Al Arab, Atlantis Aquaventure water park, Buddah Bar (highly reccomended, although very expensive!!) and the Mall of the Emirates during our stay - these all happened to be in &quot;New Dubai&quot; which is a good 15-20 minute cab ride from Golden Sands, so we would have been better off staying in that area instead (not sure if there is a difference in price however). We also had a problem with our air-con, and even once it was fixed, it wasn't very cold - this wasn't too much of a problem, as we went during winter when it's not as hot, but in the warmer months it would have been horrible. All in all, I think my expectations of Dubai in general were a little high, and the very average hotel just topped this off. I suppose it was only when I got there that I realised that my idea of a holiday isn't spending all day in gigantic air-conditioned shopping malls and being stuck in traffic - but if that's what you're into, then maybe you'll like it!!	
Nov 25 2008 	Ok with Golden Sands	I took a lot of time planning this trip, searched for and read up on a number of hotels. considering price, facilities and reviews i finally narrowed my choice to Golden Sands Hotel apartments in Bur Dubai area of Duba and i was not disappointed in the end. Spending a week at Golden Sands i came to enjoy the area the hotel was located, taxis easy to come by, supermarkets around the corner, shops not far away and appreciable tranquility for a growing city. The hotel staff were helpful, the restaurant i personally found great and the room (1 bed studio apartment) was spacious enough and contained amenities as mentioned. The only downsides i could point out was that housekeeping could be better and the staff sometimes seemed distant and appeared unwilling to exude the warmth that will make visitors feel at home. Overall i will surely stay at the Golden Sands again if i return to dubai well that is unless i decide i can afford to pay for more luxurios accomodation. Oh yes and lest i forget accomodation at Golden Sands is worth the price i paid, real value for money especially when i noticed my room rate drop significantly before my departure. Ended spending much less then i anticipated and this discovery will surely delight all budget travelers.	
Nov 23 2008	Fantastic stay	Very friendly and professional staff, Great location. I had made a request for early check in as I arrived 6.00 am in the morning. I was not very hopeful of getting early check in when I arrived at the hotel at 8.00am. But staff member arranged for an early check in. I will definitely stay here for my next trip in Dubai.	
Nov 18 2008 	Warm Golden Sands 3	I stayed at the Golden Sands 3 for 2 nights. They gave me an upgrade to an apartment, cannot complain about that. Conditions excellent for a 2 night stopover. I would not stay here if I were with a family for a longer period as you will have to depend on taxi's, it's ok for a stopover. Would recommend this hotel for sure.	
Nov 17 2008	Clean and well equipped but not near the action	We visited Dubai in September in the month of Ramadan and also encountered very high temperatures! There are several Golden Sands buildings and ours was Golden Sands 3. This hotel is perfectly serviceable and in fact the room we had with a self contained kitchen and open plan lounge room was like a small apartment. The washing machine in the kitchen was a complete bonus. The bathroom, while clean could do with an upgrade. Thankfully the air conditioning was working perfectly and kept things nice and cool. Unfortunately, the location is not great and it is well away from anything of any interest in Dubai. With the metro not due to be up and running until sometime in 2009, our only option was to travel by taxi and the roads were busy ALL DAY so this was not the most attractive option. The hotel has a small pool on the roof and provides meals (not included in the room rate). The hotel is not far from the airport and taxis are cheap, but if visiting Dubai again, we would select something closer to where it is all happening. Or choose to pay a lot more and stay in one of the resorts where you can entertain yourself with the in-house facilities.	
Nov 10 2008 	concrete block hotel	The hotels in this area are all tenement type concrete blocks in the red light area and there are 11 Golden Sands so be sure to tell the taxi which one you want. The room includes a kitchenette. You will need it as the restaurant is awful - nescafe and tang for breakfast! In the room, few things work. The phone is by the bed, the desk the opposite side, the cable plug in for internet is to the right of the desk and the mains plug for the computer is way to the left so you will have cables all over the place and no way to use phone and internet. The internet is too slow for video downloads of business and the wireless connection does not work. The bed is rock hard. The rooms do have balconies with a view of the rest of the tenements in the area. The pool on the roof is surrounded by air conditioner vents so noisy. The staff are offhand and useless and while I was there, water poured down from the ceiling one day, another day the washing machine would not work and another day the washing machine flooded the room. There was a perpetual smell of sewage. Altogether, not a fun experience.	
Nov 7 2008 	Big Rooms	My family and I stayed at the Golden Sands Apartments number 10 in October 2008. First let me say make sure you know which number apartment you are staying in because there are 11 apartment blocks. It might also pay to print out the map of the apartments from their website so you can show it to the taxi driver if he gets lost. Apartment 10 and 11 are a little separate from the rest. It cost us 50 dhs from the airport to the hotel and the reverse was 28 dhs. We had a 2 bedroom apartment and it was huge, there was a lounge room/ dinning room, a laundry with a washer and dryer free of charge, a big basic kitchen, 2 bathrooms and 2 very large bedrooms and a large walk in robe in the main. The main bedroom could have used a TV in it otherwise the room was great. There is a café down stairs where you can get breakfast at a price. We went there on the first morning and it was 55 dhs per person and it was very basic. There is free Wifi, but only in the reception and café area. This was very slow. The pool is a little run down, but it was nice on the hot days just to relax. There is a large supermarket directly in front of apartment 10 across a vacant block, this was great for your kitchen supplies. At Golden Sands number 5 you can book tours and I think there is a bus that can take you to the beach at about 10:00am from number 3. Finally the reception was about unhelpful as they possibly could be. There was no tourist information up in the hotel and every questioned you asked they only told you the basics and nothing more. I think this is more a business hotel as they do not cater for the tourist at all well. The location of the hotel is not too bad, there is not much around, but you are located between the river and the beaches. Taxis are pretty cheap, but they always seem to take the long way. This wasn’t a bad hotel, but I would probably try somewhere different next time. One final thing, my family went on the Dune Dinner Safari with “Arabian Adventures”, this was one of the best and value for money tours we have been on and absolutely recommend it.	
Oct 31 2008 	Great Dubai Option	We had a good 3 night stay in Golden Sands Apartments. I think it was Golden Sands 7 (there are at least 12 I think!) so check which one you are in if you are booking, although they're all very close to each other. We had difficulties finding it as we tried to get the bus there, but take a taxi - they're cheap and the bus is not worth the hassle! We were impressed with the room/apartment which was modern, clean and well furnished and decorated. It was quite a large open plan bedroom/lounge/kitchen and seperate bathroom. It had air-conditioning, tv and a well-equipped kitchenette. There's supermarkets and a shopping centre within walking distance and its easy to explore the rest of Dubai using taxis, which seemed good value. There's also a free hotel shuttle bus once a day that takes you to the beach and back but you have to book in advance. We found the staff helpful for directions and info. There's a small pool in the courtyard and another one on the roof of the Golden Sands next door that we used! Recommended.	
Oct 30 2008 	Recommeded Stay	We have had a great stay at Golden Sands Apartments. The staff are great, nothing is too much for them. The staff are very accomodating and honest. They advised us where we could go and get great deals.Room service was excellent and the food served was great.Also the free internet service was a god send.I will be recommending the hotel to family and friends that are planning there holidays to Dubai.	
Oct 29 2008 	Not for business travel	From the point of view of a business traveller ...The Golden Sands is not up to scratch compared to other newer apartment hotels. I had a 1 bedroom apartment at Golden Sands 3 and it did not compare to any of the three other similar residences I have tried. The decor was old, the kitchenette miniature and inadequate, the curtains in the lounge and bedroom didn't close and the bathroom was shabby. Internet access was limited to the restaurant and taxis are a real pain to get hold of in the morning.If this had been particularly cheap, then you could overlook some of these points, but it was £149 per night, whereas for £200 there are much much better places available. To mitigate this, it was the week of GITEX, which means that hotel places were few and rates high. I also can't comment on the larger family-sized apartments.I left after one night, despite being booked for six.On the plus side, the staff were pleasant and efficient.	
Oct 4 2008 	great stay	Golden sands hotel and apartments just greatDate September 10 2008 Reviewer trip advisor ukWhat can I say after spending 16 days in this hotel it was really good, the staff could not do enough to help you and the room was very good, with hot water all the time but I must say just use the cold tap. The air conditioning was on all day and the room was cleaned every day and new towels.There was a 24hour shop near to Golden Sands 5 and a supermarket about a 10 min walk from Golden Sands 3. The shop is called Spinney’s where you could buy what ever you want and a very good money exchange as well plus a MacDonalds.The Dhow Palace Hotel is about 5 min away with a very nice bar and several good restaurants in it with TV to watch your sport or about 15 min away there is the Majestic Hotel with the Barrels Sports Café which is a bar which does food.There is also a very nice Indian Restaurant about 20 min away called the Nawab.The dhow cruise is a must do for 2 hours we did ours with the Oasis Palm for 140 dhswhich included a pick up from hotel and also back after.The worst night was going for a meal at the Meat Company in the Madina where we had to wait for over half an hour for a table and sat at the bar and could not get a drink or menu, then when they said our table was ready it was the table we walked past earlier that was empty. So now we had that table when we got the food it was under cooked the toilets were not very clean and when we tried to pay the bill with a credit card they said it would not work and were not very helpful. Would not go back there again if I was paid to.That was the only bad part of our stay in Dubai and cant wait to go back again.	
Sep 27 2008 	We can recommend it!	We stayed 12 days in a studio apartment in Golden Sands 3. The studio apartment was quite big, very clean and we can recommend a stay in this apartment. The apartment was cleaned up every day and also our dishes were washed every day. The staff was friendly. The internet connection in the lobby was not so good.	
Sep 25 2008 	Love it!	We (a family of 5) just came back from a 5 day trip in Dubai. We stayed in Golden Sands 10. it is the nearest block from Spinneys where you can buy all the things and food that you need. This hotel apartment has 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. During our stay there, I was able to wash and dry clothes and mind you, even ironed them. The kitchen has complete utensils as I was able to cook for our breakfast. The beds are comfortable. It has 2 single beds in one room and a king bed in the other room. The closets are very spacious and has a safe inside the closet. We booked in their hotel website and since it is ramadan, we were given 1 night free. (if you stay for 4 nights)	
Sep 21 2008	to share some information on the Golden Sands Aparthotel Bur Dubai	We have just returned from our first trip to Dubai (21/9/08) wher we stayed at the Golden Sands Aparthotel in the Bur Dubai area of the city. We chose the aparthotel option due to Ramadan and found it worked very well with an option of supermarkets nearby open what seemed to be 24 hours a day!Afew bits of information we didn't know before we went...Firstly, there are currently 10 different blocks of the Golden Sands. We stayed at No. 3 which is the one that the internet tends to show the pictures of with the pools but, there are others all within a short distance of each other but, it is quite handy to find out which one you are staying in before you arrive as the taxi drivers look at you abit blankly at the airport when you just say Golden Sands!Secondly, the hotel does free airport transfers and pickups although they are at set time. They leave the hotel for the airport every even hour ie 12:00, 14:00 etc , (but not 10am or 4pm as they are doing free beach transfers/pick ups then!). They pick up from the airport on the odd hours ie 13:00, 15:00 etc (again not at 11am or 5pm due to the beach transfer)As for the hotel....we had water on arrival with complementary coffee &amp; tea. The room and hotel was very clean with rooms cleaned daily, fresh towels every day, free newspaper every morning, free internet access, aircon, tv, fridgefreezer, full cooker and washing machine - more than we even considered using!It is not a luxourious type accommodation but, the studio apartments are comfortable, very practical in a good location.	
Sep 14 2008 	functional apartments	Myself, my partner and son stayed in the golden sands no. 3 for 4 nights. The apartment room was clean and an adequate size, good value for the money.The biggest complaint I would have is that if you ask the reception staff to do anything out of the ordinary it all seems like a bit too much trouble for them. They will not call a taxi for you, we asked them to make a lunch reservation at another hotel which they would not, the cleaner accidentally took our son's blanket with the dirty towels, when reported at reception they just shrugged, no apology and no offer to check with the cleaner to see if they could find it. This said I would imagine that 90% of travellers will not require reception so it will be a good stay.On a separate note we stayed in Dubai for 4 days to see the city however from what I can see the place to stay is definitely down by the beach (and I am not a beach person). Dubai city itself was at best unremarkable. We never ventured up to the top end of the creek which I heard is nice however the bottom end towards the gold and spice souks is nothing to write home about. The only thing with any charm in this city are the water taxis.	
Sep 8 2008 	No complaints	We stayed at Golden Sands 3 for just one night as we had a one night stop-over in Dubai on our way home from a 2-week holiday in Sri Lanka which had resulted from a change in our return flight. Golden Sands 3 was the accommodation given to us due to the flight change. The accommodation was very nice - there were 3 of us and we had an apartment with two single beds in the living area and an additional separate bedroom with a double bed. We also had 2 bathrooms which was great. The apartment was very clean and tidy with a fully equipped kitchen with complimentary bottled water. As we were only there one night we only made coffee in the kitchen and did not have time to make use of any of the other facilities on offer. When we arrived in Dubai we found that Golden Sands has its own desk at the airport. We asked about getting to Golden Sands and were told (by a miserable lady behind the desk!) to get a taxi. We had heard that there was a free shuttle service but were too tired to go looking for it. Upon checking-in to the hotel and enquiring about getting back to the airport the following morning we were advised that we could use the free shuttle service. We found the shuttle service very good with a very helpful driver who helped us with our bags at both ends and pointed us in the right direction at the airport for our airline check-in desk - also we found he took a much quicker route to the airport than our taxi driver had taken the previous day which did make us think the taxi driver had taken a longer route to increase his fare! We would visit Dubai again for a longer visit (but when it is not so humid - 100% on our trip!) and would definitely consider staying at the Golden Sands again.	
Aug 23 2008	hookers outside	prostitutes, walking the streets right outside, morning noon and night, mainly arabs picking these women up, but yep im sure the hotel staff would let you take the women in !! what a great country dubai is, perhaps the prositute and sex trafficing capital of the world. a wonderful example on how not to run a country, a disgrace.	
Aug 8 2008 	Nice Hotel	I stayed 5 nights in golden sands 5, it is a nice hotel and correct choice, free internet, large room, gym, good location and good for family. i will stay there again	
Aug 5 2008	Beautifull Accommodation	This hotel was amazing. We had a double room which was more than we could have asked for. It was really clean and really large with a couch, table and TV etc. The only problem was at this time of year all you feel like is a cold shower, you cant get a cold shower because the water pipes are sooo hot, the shower is scourching even with just the cold tap on. Also the breakfast was nothing to write home about. All that said the accommodation itself is fantastic. The room was so comfortable you could almost stay there all day. There are 11 Golden Sands Apartment blocks though. We stayed at Golden Sands 3.	
Jul 18 2008 	Fantastic	My daughter and I stayed in the Golden Sands for 4 nights. We were pleasantly surprised at the cleanliness and spacious studio. It is very central and taxis are readily available. I would recommend these apartments to anyone whether on a budget or not. We will definetely be going back next year. Dubai is amasing.	
Jul 16 2008 	Good value	Stayed in a studio in Golden Sands 3 for 4 nights. Dubai isn't really the kind of place you go to on a budget so there are very few hotels that offer as good value as Golden Sands. Though you might not find the rooms are worth their 4 stars they're clean and the hotel staff and services are great. Didn't think much to the restaurant but room service was handy. they also run a free shuttle bus to the airport, though taxis aren't particularly expensive.	
Jul 16 2008	Fantastic Offer	I stayed at Golden Sands 5 from 24 May to 01 June. Had a wonderful stay in a very clean environment. Spacious room and everything worked as I expected it. Staff always smiling and very helpful.A supermarket not far from the premisses and I was able to cook meals using the room utensils.Swimming pool at the top of the building was just fantastic. I will definitely go back and I am planning my next stay for Oct/Nov 08. The only hitch is that taxis at night are not very reliable.	
Jul 8 2008 	Below Average	I booked this place as part of my honeymoon and I must say it was very poor condition. on the first night the shower was not working and then when they did come round to sorting it out we were into our 2nd day and now the door lock start playng up. We did not left this put us down.We loved dubai what a amazing place will be going back there very soon. The apartments are very poor standard compared to other places that we have seen here. my advice spend a little more and go that extra mile and avoid this place at all cost.	
Jul 4 2008 	Really good hotel	We booked this hotel based on reviews on tripadvisor.com and we were not dissapointed. We stayed at the Golden Sands 10 and I was very pleasantly surprised when we were shown to our room. We booked a 2 bedroom apartment and it was HUGE. The family/meals area have a really big table and chairs and several large and comfortable sofas. The bedrooms are also big with 2 in total (one ensuite with the main bedroom). The rooms were very clean, including bathrooms and the kitchen. The kitchen was well equipped with everything that you would need to cook with. The air-con worked really well and we even had to turn it down we were so cold at night!The staff were very friendly and helpful and were able to help us with every request we had. Check-in and check-out were quick and easy.I know that others on this site have said that it is hard to get taxi's here but we had no trouble. There is a button in reception that you press and that will send a taxi to the hotel. We pre-ordered one to take us to the airport and it arrived on time.The hotel provides a shuttle bus to and from the airport which runs each 2 hours. We arrived at 12am at night with a tired 3 year old and didn't want to wait an hour for the next shuttle and so we just grabbed a taxi. It only cost about 15 euros which I though was very reasonable.Overall, I thought this place was really good and would reccommend to all and would stay again.	
Jun 30 2008 	WOW!!!	If you are looking for a budget holiday this place is great! The staff are friendly and you will never be left wanting for anything. The pool is a litle small but with so much to do in Dubai dont spend it by the pool anyway. There is a shuttle service from the airport and this will also take you to local places such as Jamerah Beach ETC. The internet facilities are a little slow during the day but get there early and its fine. Room service is 24 hours and is a very reasonable price. There are good facilities within the rooms with cookers, fridge freezers and a washing machine. The air con is a good additiontoo because its so hot!This is a good place to visit, this was my first visit to Dubai but if I go again I will be staying here again!!	
Jun 24 2008	GOLDEN SANDS NO. 3 - DUBAI	I have read many reviews of the Golden Sands Apartments and have just spent 3 nights there at No. 3.and was wondering what I would find after other reviews.. I was expecting a studio room and arrived at 3am to check in immediately and found a huge double suite - rooms were very clean, new towels, newspaper delivered every morning. I booked thru Arabian Adventures - Emirates Airlines before leaving Western Australia and stopped on my way back from UK . Arabian Adventures and Emirates were so organised and I was greeted even before going thru Customs and Immigration and to my transfer to the hotel which was part of the package with breakfast... Staff at Golden Sands were very helpful, the breakfast was more than adequte - I was not interested in the pool and swimming and didnt use internet so cant comment but apart from being in a basically residential area, it was excellent for a short stopover. Taxis are not that expensive and better to take than walkling around in the heat. I am in my 60's, a lady travelling on my own and it was money well spent!!	
Jun 18 2008 	Fantastic Stay	Stayed in a studio apartment, Golden Sands 3, for a week in June. It was fantastic! Expedia didnt tell me which apartment block it was (i didnt know there was more than 1...but the transfer driver knew anyway). Room was fab - clean, spacious, view wasnt spectacular...looked out over the carpark; but to be fair we didnt spend any time in the room!Staff were all pleasant..some difficult to understand, but was ok!We arrived at 5am, but they wouldnt let us check in until 11! Annoying. They said leave our bags, but there wasnt a lock up room to put them in, it was just in the reception area. We left our bags there, and they were still there with everything in when we came back! So, if youre planning on staying at the GS, then try to arrive after 11am!Definately recommend this place. There are a number of little shops nearby, not even 5 mins away, to get food and other supplies needed for a self catering apartment. The airport transfers are great. There is a beach transfer, but it only goes at 9.40am (you need to book the day before) and picks you up from the beach at 4pm (no other times). But the taxis are really cheap anyway, so doesnt matter.Locationwise, the GS was in a great place. Near to everything. There is also a place to book trips, and they are great. FABULOUS. GO THERE!!!	
Jun 6 2008 	Ok for budget travellers but could be better	Not sure how the Golden Snads get a 4 star rating as it really only deserves 2. Had booked for 5 nights but checked out after 3 to go to another hotel. Air con was noisy, tumble drier was broken, bathroom could have had a cleaner bath and tiles. Towels were changed daily and rooms done to good standard but the whole place was a bit 'tired'. Be aware, if you book with Expedia, find out which Golden Sands you are staying at- the picture only shows one pool view on Expedia and its certainly not Golden Sands 3, where we ended up. The whole area belongs to Golden Sands apartments and there are GS3,4,5,9 and 10 so make sure you know where you are heading; take their phone number so the taxi driver can get directions.Pool area was so disapponting as the sun disappears after lunch time so you can sit in heat, but you can't sunbathe. Not too keen on the fact Muslim women get in the pool fully dressed- full long sleeved top and leggings. Whole families fully clothed in the pool when sign clearly states correct swimwear. Good points were the free intenet access, though it was busy and you had to queue for one of the three computers. Restaurant meal was ok but breakfast was disappointing so we changed our minds and left.However, it was clean and the staff were very attentive. Its a good location to get around from, but there are better in Dubai. My concern is, having been to Dubai twice now, if this was your first experience of the place, you wouldn't want to go back.	
Jun 4 2008 	Golden Sands 3	Stayed here for 4 nights, booked with trust through an agent without seeing any info on the hotel whatsoever. However, I don't think I could've wished for a better hotel (for the price). A free shuttle bus was waiting for us at the airport at 1am, and on arrival the staff were friendly and helpful, taking our luggage straight to our room.The apartment itself was fairly spacious, with good air-con (obviously - Dubai was unbelievably humid, even at night!), fridge and nice shower. Our rooms were cleaned and towels changed every day, with an English language newspaper hung on our door every morning. In the lobbie, there was free internet although there was only 3 computers which were in constant use and were either painfully slow when you could get on them or just weren't working. There is WI-FI access in the restaurant, but it wasn't working when I was there.A huge plus point though is the phone in the lobbie which you could use for free. Definately useful when booking activities / reservations! There's also a car hire and Desert Safari company based adjacent to the reception desk. We booked a safari with them and would totally recommend it above the other safari companies - seemed to get a lot more for your money, even if we did have an insane Russian driver who almost killed us on the freeway a couple of times!It's location is also better than some of the more expensive hotels as its pretty central and a 15 minute walk from a couple of malls, 24 hour supermarket, Starbucks &amp; internet cafes and a burning hot 30 minute walk to the Bur Dubai and Deira districts. The only complaint I had was when I asked at reception if there were any Internet Cafes nearby and they said no, despite there being at least two about 15 minutes walk away!Generally though, would definately recommend this to anyone staying in Dubai and will definately be booking here again when I return.	
May 24 2008 	cheap cheerful	I have been going to Dubai for the last 10 years tha placew is great 360 days of sunshine now thats what I call a holiday we stayed at the golden sands app 10 it was cheap I must say that it was very clean and the people were nice the rooms are cleaned each day so if u are looking for cheap clean holiday I would recomend these appartments it may not be the Jumeirah Beach Hotel but if u want money in your pocket and a place that is near everything just a taxi away these appartments are ok.... there are plenty of places to eat people say Dubai is expensive well were can u get a big mac meal for £1.70 or eat and drink as much as u like for around £25.00 all this in dubai drinks are expensive but when u go on these eat and drink they are not and the food is fresh check out SPICE ISLAND DERIA go to the KARAMA bags shoes jeans etc vey nice also cjheck out the fruit cocktails (non alcoholic ) but very nice they also do very nice curry....................	
May 9 2008	Oasis Rentals better than Golden Sands	I stayed at Golden sands last october and the year before that. However on both occasions my reviews have been rather different. I found that the standards between the various Golden Sands locations are not the same.If your looking for low cost accommodation but can vary on standards then its the best place. This year i booked through Oasis Rentals, although slightly more expensive than Golden Sands, i got both luxury at its best and the highest of standards.I dont think the site is fully up and running and has a few missing links, however do not be put off. Visit their site at http://www.oasis-rentals.com	
May 9 2008 	very good value	I only stayed for two nights, but I would recommend this hotel to anyone. A very central location in the old part of Dubai town. The room was well equipped and the A/C worked well. If you are looking for a resort type hotel look else where there is a token pool in GS3 where I stayed. I paid £60 a night with breakfast. Overall very happy.	
May 8 2008 	brilliant value	we stayed for 6 nights at Golden sands 10 over the easter holiday and were a little apprehensive having read some poor reviews and never having been to Dubai before.the apartment was brilliant for us and our two (almost) grown up sons! Loads of space, very clean and serviced every day - the staff were very helpful - even when we arrived at 1am. The pool area was a little tired but perfect for relaxing and the boys made the most of the gym and squash courts.The area was fine - apart from the inevitable roadworks - we had no trouble getting (very cheap) taxis from outside the apartments and although we were aware of certain activities going on in the vicinity we never felt concerned or threatened by them - even late at night, as some reviews might suggest!this might be budget accomodation by Dubai standards but for us it was perfect and we would happily recommend it and go we would (will) go back.	
May 4 2008 	Spacious accomodation	We had a 3 bedroom appartment at Golden Sands 10. We booked directly on thehotels own website and got a good deal of 6 nights for £700. At the time, other websites were quoting over £1000 for the same accomodation. We booked about 3 weeks in advance. However, about a week before we went they slashed the prices to under £600. We thought this was strange as usually prices go up nearer to the time. Anyway, accomodation was very spacious and well equipped with 3 bedrooms, kitchen, 2 bathrooms, large living/ dining area and utility room with washing machine. The appartment was cleaned daily. We used the pool a couple of times which is of a decent size with surrounding sun loungers. They also have a squash court and table tennis which we also utilised. Location is good with Spinneys supermarket across the road and Burjuman Mall and other restaurants/ shops within 5 minute walk.	
Apr 29 2008 	Not bad value	I was booked in here as part of a tour and had a spacious studio with appliances. The washer/drier was a blessing by this stage of the trip, once I mastered how to use it as there were no instructions and I had to ask for help. Sadly you can't buy only enough washing powder to do a load and have to get a big box from the supermarket, only to leave most of it behind. There is a 24 hour restaurant which serves pretty average western food but no alcohol, and the complimentary internet service was either very slow or not working at all. An easy walk away is the Burjurman Centre which has every type of shop imaginable, and this is also a stop on the hop on hop off tourist bus route. There is not much else within walking distance except more apartment buildings, construction sites and the odd convenience store. However this place offers better value than many hotels of a similar standard.	
Apr 27 2008 	Budget hotel central location	Stayed here on and off over the past few years. Functional and inexpensive compared to a beach hotel. If you are on a budget, and require a central location in Bur Dubai near Meena Bazaar then you can’t go too far wrong. Spinneys (supermarket) is nearby as is the Bur Juman shopping mall. The hotel apartments have kitchenette facilities which is useful if you have small children.GS3 had a semi refit a few years ago with updates on the interiors. The restaurant is best avoided, breakfast was extra and the pool is small at GS3. Use the one at GS5. (next door)If you have stayed at the beach area, do not expect the same quality with this hotel. If your idea of a holiday is explore the central areas and not sit and roast on a beach then this is a good start.	
Apr 24 2008 	Greaaaaaaaaaaaaaat value	Arrived early in the morning but after a cup of coffee and a 30 min wait a room was ready..no problem what so ever, it was big enough for a family, and very clean. All the staff in the hotel were really friendly and helpful, even the restaurant manager who looked like he doubled for the local executioner. (Scary). Shame there aren't a few more like him around when u abuse your ASBO!. There is a free coach to and from the airport to these apartments just contact them (Golden Sands)for the times. In a taxi about £7, dont worry these taxi's put 20 AED on the clock at the airport as soon as u get in. There is a free coach to and from the beach as well, just ask at reception. In a cab its about 25AED (£4) the short way.I reccomend you go to Old Dubai near the creek about 25 min walk (taxis don't like going there) the areas called Abra (like Cadabra). Its full of locals and you can eat like a king for about £4 in an indian restaurant/food outlet. If you decide to go to the big hotel on the beach Burj el Arab (the sail) ring them up and book or u wont get past the security..enjoy.	
Apr 14 2008 	Good value studio	Arrived at Golden Sands 3 at 9am in the morning, we thought that we would not be able to check in until the afternoon, but they told us a studio would be ready by 10.30, so we were really relieved.The studios are a good size, very clean, with a washer/dryer, fridge/freezer, double sofa and full bathroom and very comfortable beds.The reception staff were very helpful.Two swimming pools available, we used the one in the Golden Sands 5 complex (joined to Golden Sands 3) as it was a roof top pool and got more of a breeze.We were room only and did eat the breakfast in the complex on one morning, and in all honesty, I wouldn't have had breakfast there again, but that was a choice we could make. We did eat lunch there though (24 hour restaurant) and that was very good.The Spinneys supermarket is only a short walk away (5 mins tops), and yes there are a few ladies of the night present on the way. They didn't bother us though and were dressed very reasonably.Taxis - getting a taxi outside the complex is a bit hit and miss. But you can reserve them though from the phone in your room and they have to pick you up, otherwise the taxi driver gets a large fine. Taxis are really cheap as well.Restaurants - we ate twice at a restaurant called FIVE DINING at the Jumeira Rotana Hotel. Its about £2 in a taxi and they have a buffet inclusive of drinks every night. When we were there it was Italian night on the Saturday and Steak night on the Sunday. All inclusive £16 per head. The restaurant is on the 5th floor and has a fabulous city view at night.Sightseeing - We did the desert safari - excellent and the open top bus tour - also a great way to get your bearings.Would we stay there again... Yes because its good value for money.	
Mar 29 2008	Excellent for space 	We, and members of our family &amp; friends booked 5 rooms at the Golden Sands 10 apartments. They were very accommodating. They were able to, at short notice to allocate all but one of the rooms on one floor for us, even though it is a busy time of year for Dubai. The rooms/flats are an excellent size with large bedrooms, kitchens, laundy &amp; living spaces. Lots of room to have friends around to socialize. Conveniently located a block away from Spinny's for food etc and Burjiman for shopping. Staff are very friendly &amp; helpful. Always cheery. It was a pleasure staying there. Only thing was that the pool area looks a bit scabby but I think that they are in the process of re-doing it. Highly recommend it for families for the space aspect.	
Mar 26 2008 	Very convenient Location	I cannot understand why some people have written such bad reviews of this property. My daughter and I felt quite safe in the area. The accommodation was clean and more than adequate. Staff were friendly and helpful. The restaurant, although not 5-star, served reasonable meals both in cost and taste. The location was very close to a couple of small supermarkets and only 5-7 minute walk to an excellent supermarket thatt sold everything anyone could possibly want including fully cooked meals (although there is a full size stove in the apartment). I would certainly recommend this property to anyone wanting good, clean economical accommodation.	
Mar 21 2008 	Good value for money	Clean and comfortable apartments with helpful staff. Washer/dryer in apartment was very useful. 25 minute walk to creek and old souk and fort. Dubai is still very much a building site. The traffic is horrendous due to the building of a metro which has meant some road closures. Apparently, the metro will eventually link the airport to the city. If you are travelling on a budget, best value for food is in the food courts in the shopping malls.	
Mar 15 2008	great in every way	Have just returned from a 5 night stay at Golden Sands 10. Superb, spacious, two bedroomed, two bathroomed apartment. Enough seating at dining table for 8 people comfortably. two three seater sofas and one two seater! Washing machine and tumble dryer - free to use. Fully equipped kitchen - microwave, fridge freezer, cooker. Clean, comfortable. Helpful, friendly staff. could not wish for anything more. Great location - everywhere in Dubai is within a £10 taxi ride. Will certainly return.	
Mar 4 2008	Good Value at Golden Sands	Just returned from Dubai and flew from Edinburgh to Dubai via Charles de Gaulle with Air France. Flights outbound were good and Air France staff attentive although sometimes feel as if they're doing you a favour by attending to your requirements. Cabin crew on return from Paris to Edinburgh were downright rude and obnoxious to passengers. Prices for food and drink at CDG are outrageous! Arrival at Dubai airport was pleasant and a very well organised airport for immigration etc. Remember to take a letter from your doctor if you are on prescription medication or you could encounter some problems. Taxi from airport will cost you approx 40 dirhams which is about £7 and the taxis are excellent value. Golden Sands apartments are very clean and well kept but touristy and don't try and compare with the 5* hotels as they are clean and functional but nothing like what is available in Dubai if you are prepared to pay the price. No alcohol served at these apartments so take your won from Duty Free at Dubai airport. £6 for a litre of spirits and £6.50 for 200 cigs approx. A drink in a hotel will cost between 6 and £7 and a beer around £5. Same on the tours for alcohol as you pay a premium whereever you go given that it is a Muslim country and alcohol is banned in most places. Approx £30 for a bottle of wine in a hotel so not cheap. Golden Sands pools very small but ok on the rooftop terrace. Shuttle bus runs to the beach. Done the sand dunes safari and was good fun but not for the infirm or anyone that suffers with back or neck problems. The evening entertainment at the bedouin camp could have been missed as quite boring and makes it a long day. Cost around £25. Dhow night cruise not really worth the money and you see nothing, as people expected to see all the big hotels in Jumeirah and Deira beach but you don't. Drink is expensive and food ok but not great. Book before leaving UK for high tea at Bur Al Jarab 6* as was booked 2 weeks in advance and again expect the pay the price. We had dinner at the 5* Dhow Palace hotel and the buffet was a very reasonable £12.Shopping is no cheaper in the City Centre mall for designer gear. The markets at Al Karama are where you can barter and get some bargains. The gold souks are commercialised and not what we expected and not that great value in our opinion. Loads of fake watches and fake handbags available. We enjoyed Dubai and would go back but not for those looking for late nights with places to booze.	
Mar 3 2008	Average...a bit dull	I was expecting a lot more with Golden Sands 3. The staff on the front desk were not very helpful, and wouldn't even book me a taxi to the airport - giving me a number to call instead. The room was ok - I had a studio room - good size. The air con was a bit noisy but at least it worked. There was no hot water, it was luke warm - not something to enjoy after a long day in town. All in all, ok to stop off for a day or two, but I couldn't wait to leave. I would probably stay on Jumeira beach next time, and pay a bit more for some luxury.	
Mar 1 2008 	Cheap and Cheerful	Whenever we stop in Dubai we always stop at the One and Only Royal Mirage at Jumeriah Beach, however on this stop over we just wanted somewhere cheap as we were in Dubai looking at investment properties.First the postives, we were upgraded to a 2 bedroom apartment and it was massive, it was clean and tidy, a little dated but for less than £70 a night what do you want, there was all the things you would need for a comfortable stay. The rooms are serviced regularly and if you leave anything out or dirty pots they wash it all up for you.Now the negatives, we arrived early in the morning at about 2am after being delayed, we went to check in only to be told about the upgrade, which would mean moving to a different apartment block, but they would take us in their transport to the new block, it was great to be upgraded free of charge to a lovely spacious room, but we did have to wait for over 30 minutes to be taken to the other apartmnet block, not what you want after a lengthy travel time. To this day I still don't understand how the oven and hob work and there is no information on this.The restaurant in house where you can get breakfast is very poor quality and I would avoid at all costs, the food choice is limited and very basic and for the price you pay it is much better to either use the local restaurants or do it yourself.The really bad point about this place is the location, although in a reasonable place to get all over Dubai easily, the area is over run with prostitutes and my husband was approached by one on his way to the shops at 1pm in the afternoon, in defence of the place there is a police presence here, but it was an eyeopener for me and I would not like to be staying here without my husband.	
Feb 25 2008	Perfect!	I loved this hotel and would definitely stay again. The first couple of nights I booked a two bed/two bath apartment. It came fully equipted with a wash/dryer, dinning room, kitchen (stove, oven, microwave, fridge, and dishwasher), a balcony that you could enter through the living room and/or kitchen. The last two days of my stay I rented a one bed suite. Everything as stated with the two bed/two bath was included with the exception of having a dryer and dishwasher. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Also, this hotel is located in a good area. You can walk to the Karama shopping area, the mall as well as the supermarket and depending on which Golden Sand you stay in (I stayed in 10 and 5) you are also near the Mena shopping area.	
Feb 25 2008 	we loved it.....again!!	I stayed at golden sands 3 for 10 nights, with my wife and 2 kids. This was the 2nd time we were in Dubai and the 2nd time we stayed at golden sands. Things hadn't changed much since 2 years. The same rooms, the same lobby area, the same reception area and the same fish tank..(maybe even the same fish!!).We stayed in a 1 bedroom apartment, the only problem was this time we did not have a pool view room, it was a view of the car park. The hotel was wonderful, nothing extra special but it made you feel at home. The room was nice and spacious, also had fridge freezer, washing machine, cooker. The room service was fast and efficient, to me the reception staff were friendly and helpful, and suprisingly the internet speed in the lobby was fairly fast!The hotel was just in the right location for us. It was only 15 mins walk to mina bazar (indian jewellery and clothes area), 6/7 min walk to al khaleej centre, this had all the fast food shops (mcdonalds, kfc), 5 min walk to spinneys supermarket, 10/15 min walk to burjaman centre (massive shopping centre). It was ideal.As i had young children the only problem i had was taxi's, they would not travel short distances they wanted to go for long journeys such as jumeirah beach. That really annoyed me, however it gave us the opportunity to go walking taking the kids in their strollers and that was an experience on its owna s we got to explore places where i don't thnk we would have noticed going in taxi. E-mail me if you want to know more about the places and hints and tips if you are travelling with young children.Overall a wonderful experience again. Even though this was my 2nd visit and i stayed 10 days, it still feels that i did not have enough and i should go again and visit more days. Dubai is paradise on earth, and you can't get enough of it.	
Feb 19 2008 	good hotel for price	Hi we stayed at the gs3 for 2 nights. We booked a 1 bedroom studio but were upgraded to a 2 bed apartment. The room was very large, 2 singe beds and a double bed with it's own ensuite bathroom. There was a sofa area with a open plan kitchen which included a washing machine, cooker, kettle and a large fridge.The apartment was very clean and the staff at the checking very helpful. the internet is free in reception , 3 computers, and it is wi fi in the restaurant area. the swimming pool is small what small and you can use the roof top one in gs5. The food in the restaurant is not very good. It is close , 15mins to the local supermarket (spinneys) and the one of teh top shopping malls , bur jurman. There are plenty of eating places near there. Plenty of taxis outside. Overall very good for the price and location and ideal for short stopovers or a min break.	
Feb 6 2008 	Value for money	I stayed here as a last minute booking as I was attending the Desert Classic Golf, but I knew the hotel from a few years before, and I also know the area very well from being a Dubai resident in the past.There has been lots said already about the Golden Sands 3 and it is what it is, an excellent 3 Star property. It was very clean, comfortable, and friendly staff, and a thing is it would not take much to improve it even more. Towels were very poor quality for example, but clean and changed every day. The bathroom and shower room could do with an upgrade as well, but all fairly minor stuff. The facilities include; kitchen area with electric oven and hot plates, washing machine, satellite TV, fridge freezer… In the lobby there is a tour office and Thrifty rental car. The pool area is quite good but due to being on level 1 and surrounded by the building it does not get the sun all day. I did not use the coffee shop but I checked it out and it was nicely laid out, clean and breakfast while it looked basic it was all there.The hotel is within 5 mins walk to the Bur Jurman shopping Mall (outside, turn left and then right), the Ramada Hotel (outside turn left and then left, the right) where there is a very good English style pub (Old Vic) which shows a lot of live sport and has an excellent pub menu (main courses from 10$). Downtown Dubai and fort, etc is about a 10mins walk just a bit past the Ramada.Remember to pick up your alcohol allowances at the duty free shop on arrivals.	
Feb 5 2008 	loved the desert	not bad , main room with dining, sitting and sleeping area (queen size bed) kitchenette with full stove and washing machine and largte fridge. second bedroom with king and 2 bathrooms and toilets.Not very clean, however, the second day it was cleaned better. there was a problem with the balcony doors in both rooms not locking. We had to go reception 3 times to get it fixed.We had no problem to get any meals at any time and no problems getting seats. Even though is was peak season for europeans as the shopping festival was on.Good accommodation for the cheaper end of the market. great for families or the budget conscious.Very central located and easy to walk to old Bubai from there.Maps are not very user friendly and most street signs are in arabic. It is easy to find your way if you use hotels as landmarks and some of the towers.Hop on hop off bus ok but not in peak season and it cannot get through the traffic jams and run on time.The desert safari from Arabian Adventures is awesome and worh doing. 3 days in Dubai is not enough. A tour to Oman is also very recommendable.travel consultant on return from Netherlands to Australia	
Feb 2 2008 	Great Value Family Self Contained Apartment	The Apartment at the Golden Sands was quite roomy and being self contained this enabled us to do our washing and cook, saving us money. The apartment accommodated 4 people no worries.It was very comfortable, roomy, neat and clean.Being a modern Western woman, it annoyed me a bit that the male staff would not look me in the eye and when I asked a question, the answer was directed to my husband like I wasn't even there. No respect for women. However, this is their culture and you need to get used to it.The location was a little out of the way as it is in Old Dubai and we were always catching a taxi to new Dubai as this is where most things are. However, it was less expensive to stay in this area so expense won out over convenience.	
Jan 22 2008 	excellent apartments	My partner and I stayed in The Golden Sands 5 over new year and i found it the perfect place to stay in Duabi, it was so easy to get around Dubai as there is a taxi rank right outside the hotel. The hotel rooms were kept immaculate and were cleaned every single day. The staff were more than happy to help with any query. Local phone calls were also free which is very useful when booking various things to do. I would say though that if booking a jeep safari tour do not use the hotel as they are much more expensive than other places. The hotel apartments were also very close to Spinneys the supermarket whereas a lot of other hotels in Dubai are only near corner shops which do not hav much choice and you can also pay over the odds in them. The apartments are within good proximity of the Burjamen Centre where there is plenty of shops and places to grab a bit to eat. Overall i would say execellent hotel and in a excellent location with alot on your doorstep.	
Jan 20 2008 	Nice apartments but dreadful experience	I would not stay here again due to the customer service I personally received and the bad experience I had but have no hesitation in recommending this hotel WITH THE CORRECT INFORMATION. I stayed here for a one night stopover between UK and Australia but found the excursion people not to be well equiped with dealing with short stopovers, mainly because you cannot book a trip over the phone in advance even when you are booked into the hotel. You have to do it face to face which caused me difficulties as I arrived early hours of the morning and was there for only one day. I booked my trips through southtravels.com and I found them to be very helpful and the Desert Safari Trip is a must, absolutely amazing!I had received my confirmation to stay in Golden Sands 3 but on arrival to check in was told I was in Golden Sands 5 so with the help of the porter made my way over to Golden Sands 5. I had previously phoned the hotel to explain I didnt have a credit card and the reservation had been made on my mums credit card but I would pay cash when I got there (I had exchanged enough money to cover the hotel, food, trips and incidentals). They said this would be fine and I confirmed the price I had paid through laterooms. When I tried to check in I was told I would need to give them 500dirhams as a deposit on the room. I explained I didnt have a credit card and only had enough cash for the room and my food. The woman on the counter was completely unaccommodating and refused to check me in. This is very scary when you a woman travelling alone in a new country and you are told you cant check in to your hotel!! I tried to explain I had phoned and would pay them cash but this wasnt good enough as I didnt have enough cash for the 500dir deposit. Eventually I had to phone my parents in the UK at about 4am from my mobile phone to try and get some help as by this time I was pretty distressed. They phoned me back on my mobile and offered to pay the 500dirhams on their credit card but the hotel wouldnt even accept this as they said they cannot take credit cards over the phone. As you can imagine I had been extremely distressed and crying in the reception area for about 30 minutes now and eventually another member of staff came to see to me and said he would now check me in to my room.The room was immaculate and well stocked. There were only two bad things with the room...one was that the phone worked only intermittently. The other was that the iron had a two-prong plug on it but all the sockets in the room were the standard UK three-prong sockets!!The hotel is in a good location and taxis are extremely cheap, for an hours round trip in the taxi it cost me around 85dirhams. Didn't use the restaurants, business centre or swimming pools in the hotel so cannot comment on those.As long as you are aware that you have to pay the deposit this hotel would be fine. ALSO PLEASE NOTE THAT ALTHOUGH LATEROOMS.COM STATES ALL TAXES ETC ARE INCLUDED IN THE PRICE THE HOTEL STILL CHARGED ME A 5% SURCHARGE ON MY BILL!!!	
Jan 18 2008 	Great hotel at a reasonable price!!!	We stayed at the Golden Sands 3 from 13-17th Jan 2008, and have to say that for the price we paid, we found the accomodation very good value for money. The room itself is like having a small apartment with a functional kitchen/living room area. The room itself is also a very good size- there were 3 of us, and it never felt crowded!! The room is also kept well clean.The location is pretty good- there is a small supermarket literally opposite the hotel, and Burjuman Mall is only about 10-15 mins walk away. We found the staff to be very helpful, and were very good at advising what to do/where to go and how to get there!!We didnt have any problems getting a taxi from outside the hotel(would advise that you stick with the metered taxis as private taxis can be very expensive).Having read some of the previous posts, I have to admit I was quite worried, but having stayed there I would recommend it!!	
Jan 5 2008 	Exceeded alll expectations	My wife &amp; I stayed here at Golden Sands 3 with the two kids on the way back from the UK for 3 nights . Absolutely fantastic...The apartment style room was amazing, almost like a small house . the kids had there beds &amp; own bathroom in the main room , which also had a lounge , TV , and self contained kitchen &amp; washing machine.Our room had our own ensuite bathroom &amp; we had a balcony .Very friendly &amp; polite staff , great restaraunt with huge selection of food ( we had our breakfasts included in the room charge) Pool is nice although small , but who cares when it is 41c ! Location is great , cabs are cheap &amp; there are convenience stores close Would stay there again as it was so great ......	
Jan 5 2008 	Dubai was great!	Trip report Golden Sands 3 in Dubai.December 26th – January 2nd 2008, The Netherlands.We stayed at the Golden Sands Apartments from December 26th to January 2nd in 2008.We had booked a 2-bedroom apartment for 7 nights at Golden Sands 3 including breakfast, dinner , transfer from the airport and return flight with KLM Royal Dutch AirlinesWe had a late flight from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and we arrived just after midnight. During the check in, we discovered that there was a fault in their booking. We had to proof that we had booked a 2-bedroom apartment including half board. The receptionist would not believe it and gave us a 1-room apartment and breakfast. We had to pay 500 Dirhams (AED) deposit before we got our key. We were very angry and tired at that time!The next morning another receptionist contacted us and apologised for the mistake. He had sent an email to the touroperator in Holland and they confirmed our booking. We moved to our new apartment on the 6th floor. It was big and clean. See the pictures attached.Facilities:•Living room with two sofas and television•Extra bedroom with king-size bed •A kitchen with a refrigerator and a machine to make tea•Washing machine•Two closets•Two bathrooms•Table with 4 chairsFrom our balcony we had a view over Golden Sands Apartments 7. On the website of Golden Sands, we had read that there was a free shuttle service to Jumeirah Beach Park, but you have to reservate a seat otherwise it was not possible to sit in the bus.If you want to go to the Hilton Jumeirah Beach, you have to pay 90 Dirhams per person at the reception.Breakfast and dinner.We had already paid for breakfast and dinner in HollandBreakfast was at 06.00 – 10.30 p.m. The buffet was not tasty. We didn’t enjoy breakfast all. Sometimes it was very crowded in the restaurant so you have to wait for a table.Dinner: Was a-la-carte. We could order a menu including desert for 50 Dirhams per person. If we order above 50 Dirhams, we have to pay for it.Dubai was great!Bye bye, Dubai!	
Jan 4 2008	Nowhere near the Golden Sands of Dubai	I was quite disappointed with this hotel.. I had such high expectations for Hotels in Dubai. It wasnt cheap, it was dearer than a good 3 star here in ireland but lacked the quality. The rooms are big and the staff are friendly (if you're a man). The bed was very comfortable and was pretty quiet. Thats the good part. The room was very dated and was dirty in places.. particularly the bath. I found that the staff were fine with me but quiet abrupt with my girlfriend, especially those on the front desk. The location of the hotel is quiet a bit away from all the major attractions in Dubai. Its about a 20 min drive from the Mall of the Emirates and a 20 min drive from the beach and about a 30 minute drive from the Burj Al Arab. Getting home at night was a pain too as the traffic was awful, spent hours in traffic one night. If you are travelling in Dubai at night, dont bother going anywhere at rush hour in the evening. The city is at a standstill. If I was return to Dubai I definitly would not stay in this hotel, I would stay in Jumeriah. Thats where all the attractions are and where most of the visitors to Dubai are... We got a bit of hassle from locals in our area because my gf had her arms uncovered which I personally thought was rediculous, especially as everyone was dressed very liberally. That is something you may come into contact with in Dubai. Despite what people tell you, some of the locals can be rude to and dismissive of westerners. We were taunted on 3 occasions. Guys also leer at western women... I got pretty annoyed about this after a while as cars were slowing down to check my girlfriend out and groups of men would stare. These are things you will have to consider if you are visiting Dubai. Another thing is that there is no public transport. Taxis are ok but the drivers are hit &amp; miss, some can be friendly some can be rude (same as everywhere I guess). It used to cost us about 10 euro to go to the beach which was about a 20 min journey. They are building a metro system in Dubai and I probably would not return to Dubai until this is completed. I would definitely not stay in the Golden Sands again as I felt it was over priced and in a bad location. Check out Jumeriah, especially if you have kids.	
Dec 16 2007	Excellent Value	Excellent Apartment, and value for money... I strongly recommend this hotel apts	
Dec 15 2007	Great hotel	Located 15-20 mins from Dubai airport. In the heart of this beautiful city. Checked in with no problems, got help taking our luggage to our room. The room was nice and simple, very clean, but the bathroom was a little dated. The shower was amazing. The kitchen was fully equipped and had a complimentry bottle of water. The living area of the apartment was nice, the tv had very good channels, films etc.Had room service on numerous occassionsy and the food was very good. The restaurant on site is also very nice. The swimming pool area, dated and in need of a refurb, no towels provided for the sun loungers. The gym was fully equipped and my partner was in there everyday.Would definately return to this hotel, its cheap and cheerful and definately done the job.	
Dec 3 2007	Fantastic Value for Money	Stayed for the recent 7s Rugby. Booked through last minute .com. Nearly all the reviews I have read for this place are good, something pretty rare in my experience. Our room was huge and had all we needed and more. This is not a hotel to spend your time by the pool in but then how many city centre pools are? If you want to stay in a good location at a great price then look no further than the Golden Sands.	
Nov 23 2007 	Nice for families singles stay away!	This is a series of hotel appartements building, around 11 buildings in Dubai. Good things:1. Flat are spacious. Clean and contains all household items you may need.2. Swimming pool and Gym are nice.3. Place is perfect for long family stay.Bad ones1. Very basic furniture. No TV sets in bed rooms.2. No Internet in the flat.3. Isolated place far from main roads, used to wait up to one hour to get a taxi.4. Staff are not very friendly and they usually find execuses rather than trying to find solutions.Overall; it is not wise option for any single or business traveller. But perfect for families staying for a long time.	
Nov 21 2007 	Home from Home	Just returned from 1 week at the Golden Sands 5 (GS5). On arrival they had booked us in the GS3 even though they had confirmed to me by email that we would be in a quiet room at GS5, we preferred GS5 due to the pool being on the roof top, with better views and especially more sun all through the day! After complaining they managed to find us a quiet room in GS5 but a much larger one, so we got upgraded, we were very exited, and glad that we had insisted! The room (no.328) was so big (to USA standard), fully equipped and in very good condition, we only paid £70 per night (including the 5% service charge) using booking.com and the room was worth much more, I would expect in Dubai at least £130 per night. We were very happy with our room, we used the kitchen every morning for breakfast, and were always impressed to return at night to an immaculate room (yes they did the washing up too). It's more an hotel than an apartment.A &quot;quick&quot; note about taxis, they are not easy to get outside the hotel, as it's a quiet street, you will need to go to GS3 (which is more popular) or try the more busy street nearby if you don't want to wait for 15 minutes. They also don't organise taxis for you, even to the airport so we had problems getting a taxi at 7.30am to catch our flight. We did check with the receptionist the previous night who told us it would be no problem to get a taxi outside at 7.30am, however we waited 30 minutes (there was another couple in front of us waiting for a taxi also but on their way to the office, so we didn't stand much luck) we ended up using their free airport bus at 8am, saving about £10 but man we were stressed out and worried that we would miss our flight. Luckily there was no traffic and it took us 15 minutes to get to the airport (compared to the usual 45 minutes at this time of day).Overall, good hotel, great location, friendly staff but clueless receptionists and concierge. Don't even ask them recommendations on restaurants, they won't know.However I would certainly return there next time I go to Dubai.	
Nov 12 2007	Excellent Place	We stayed at GS No. 10 for 4 nights. We stayed in a 2 bedroom apartment and the apartment size was excellent. One bedroom had a king size bed with attached bathroom. The other bedroom had 2 separate beds with the bathroom located outside the room (un-attached). The bedroom size, the kitchen size, the living room size and dining area size was very good. There was a separate room for washer and dryer. They also provide an ironing board and an iron, which was really bad. If you plan on doing ironing, might as well get your own iron. The hotel has 2 computers in the lobby to check e-mail/surf for free of cost. They also have a kids playroom in the lobby and a coffee shop for breakfast. There is a grocery store called Spinneys right across the hotel, less than 5 minutes walking distance. It's a huge advantage if you plan to stay for more than 2 nights. You can get all the breakfast stuff from there and cook in your apt. Its much cheaper rather than paying 15AED down in the coffee shop. Only negatives about this hotel are : (1) very difficult to get a taxi outside the hotel apts. (2) no lunch or dinner is served in the coffee shop in the hotel. Burjuman shopping mall is 10 minutes cab ride from GS No. 10. Meena bazaar is 20 minutes walking distance from GS No. 10. Gold Souk is 15 minutes cab ride (no traffic) from GS no. 10. The Mall of Emirates is approx. 25 minutes cab ride from GS No. 10.	
Nov 12 2007 	OK	We stayed at the Golden Sands Apartments 3 for 3 nights. The price was really good. We didn't expect too much.. and we actually didn't get it. The flat was quite big, but it stank a little. They don't open the windows much, because of the air condition, but it would have been good.It has a very good location, if you want to visit the city. The staff is freindly and has a lot of good tips. The reservation center is excellent: we booked our safari tour there and also bought the tickets for the bus tour.You can also use the internet without charge in the business centre.I wouldn't suggest the breakfast buffet. It's not big and you can buy something in the near supermarkt or eat there, it is cheaper and better.If you are just looking for a cheap place to stay in Dubai, than you're right at the Golden Sands.	
Nov 11 2007 	Simply put 3 star prices gets you 3 star quality	We were really pleased when we saw our apartment. I would say that compared to the ones we have stayed at in Europe , the furnishings are most certainly 4 star . Everyone we spoke to were pleased too. They were very clean.BUT our elecricity was tempremental, and on three days out of six we had to call the electrician, who came up immediately and put it back on. The lights did not go off but the cooker /tv or fridge would, if i put the washer on, or the kettle.The balcony is not really big enought to sit on, but we were out most of the time and there is always the pool area which is fine.At nights i would have just liked to have had a place to sit outside just for a night cap. The bathroom/toilet does not have any windows and i did not like not having the opportunity to open a window.  The staff are brilliant and the restaurant is reasonable. For example toasted cheeses sandwich chips and salad is about £3. Food is good.The apartments are so reasonable, and gave us extra money to do the trips, which were fantastic. You cant pay three star prices and expect 5 star luxury.Although we had a few problems the staff were helpful and tried to resolve them instantly. It is only £2 to get a cab to the nearest beach and in my view the location is great. We want to return next year.	
Nov 8 2007 	I had a pleasant surprise!	We stayed at GS3 for 4 nights and when we booked at the Golden Sands as part of our stopover package it was purely based on budget as it was rated a 3 star. We were expecting to come to some tired run-down hotel apartments and had a really lovely surprise when we arrived! The entire hotel property was in excellent condition and our studio was very spacious and clean with a kitchenette which unfortunately we have not time to use. All the rooms were given a large bottle of complimentary water on arrival. The reception area was very spacious, although it was always packing with waiting guests, there were always ample seats for the tired ones. Internet is available free of charge near the reception area. The closest shopping mall is about 10 minutes walk from the hotel &amp; a 24 hour mini supermarket about 5 minutes walk. Overall I was extremely pleased with my stay at the GS3	
Nov 6 2007 	Apartment living in Dubai...	The Golden Sands is one of Dubai's longest-operating hotel-apartment complexes; its buildings pretty much make up a small neighborhood on their own. We stayed two nights in a two-bedroom unit in GS10 and were very happy with it.The apartment was large and very sunny, with an extremely pleasant eat-in (for two) kitchen with floor-to-ceiling windows. Bathrooms are basic but fine, and the furniture was extremely comfortable, with good (very firm) mattresses, big easy chairs, and a nice sofa. The master bedroom had an en suite bath, while the twin-bed second bedroom had its bath across the hall.Major pluses: full-size washer/dryer in unit; nice quality kitchen things; spotlessly clean, with daily maid service; one block from a wonderful full-service supermarket/shopping complex, Spinney's, as well as the beautiful Burjuman Mall; known location that taxi drivers can generally find without any trouble.Drawbacks: definitely more of an apartment building feel than a full-service hotel, and the unit was a furnished apartment, not a lavish hotel suite (i.e. bare china cabinet, empty bookshelves, etc.); smallish pool in the building's central courtyard; very hard to get taxis unless you get lucky (management will not ring one up for you). As with nearly everywhere in Dubai, there is lots of construction in the neighborhood, but the noise started late, ended early, and was never very loud.In short, Golden Sands would be a great base for a business traveler on a longer stay, or for a family visiting as tourists that was interested in self-catering and living apartment-style.	
Oct 31 2007 	Cheap and Cheerful!	Well, when we got there to GS3, we'd asked for an early check-in for my elderly father... but the staff refused us. They were unhelpful to us and we waited 2 and a half hours for our room! The room was lovely, just what we needed. The pool looked good, I personally didn't use it but sat nearby in the sun. It was good. There was a man who used to clean our apartment every day, he was very helpful with cleaning and giving us advice. I've been to Dubai before but this is the first time I have stayed here. I would use it again. Difficult to get taxis though, but that has no relevence to GS. Basically, cheap and cheerful!	
Oct 29 2007 	Perfect stay at Golden Sands 3	This was our second visit to Dubai and after staying at the Movenpick last year, we thought we would stay in a more 'local' hotel - the Golden Sands 3.The only slight downside to the GS3 is the slightly faded poolside areas - the 1st floor pool also loses the sun around 3pm.Everything else was fantastic - just what we expected after reading other reviews on Tripadvisor.The room was very spacious with a seperate kitchen and living area (3 rooms in total plus bathroom), the restaurant food was excellent, both in the restaurant and room service. There is a free shuttle bus to the Hilton Jumeirah Beach Resort each day (bus is free but admittance to the resort is 90 Dhm - about £13 - which is well worth it) and also to and from the airport.The staff were so friendly and helpful, allowing us to check in on arrival at 7.30am (after a terrible flight!) and the restaurant staff were always happy to chat and go out of their way to help in any way they can.All in all, I would heartily recommend GS3 to anyone and will certainly be going back there in years to come.	
Oct 26 2007	Fab Holiday	Myself and a friend stayed at GS3. The room was immaculate. The staff were friendy. The pool facility was average, it could have done with a few more sun loungers, but to be honest if your a sun worshiper like myself you would be better off going to Jumeirah Beach as you lost the sun a 3pm by the pool. But be aware residents going to the Hilton get priority over Jumeirah Beach on the free bus.	
Oct 25 2007 	Best hospitality ver	I really enjoyed my stay at golden sands 5.The staff are very friendly and helpful.the room was clean spacious, nice telly and above all free internet access.(you will get a faster connecttion at the restaurant) there is also free internet at the lobby.local calls are free we only paid for mobile calls and international calls.its very convinent for shopping nearby at al khallej and karama.not so far from the gold souk as well.best fun way is to catch the ABRA (boat) for only 1 dirham.we had booked a studio for 2 days with the intention of staying at a diffrent hotel after a trip to muscat.That was my mistake.i spent a night at a very noisy ,dirty hotel and very smelly near al ghurail city.I had to check out and luckly we got a room at golden sands. we were so excteied its likeing going back home.The receptionist willam and bellboy mohamed were so happy to see us again.they treated us with alot of respect.i will recommed this hotel to anyone who cant afford burj.	
Oct 22 2007 	Golden Sands 3	My boyfriend and I stayed at GS3 for a week and we were not too sure what to expect after reading a couple of bad reviews on here, but we couldnt fault the place. We used the Hiltons pool and beach about 3 times and although the bus is first come first served,everyone managed to get on the free bus.The hotel has its own pool which looked nice and clean but we didnt really use it. We had breakfast once in the hotel, which was really nice, and throughout the hotel the staff were pleasent and helpful.Rooms were spacious and clean and like a few others have mentioned the big fridge comes in handy because it was boiling hot in Dubai!I would recommend this hotel to people who want to see Dubai and are just looking for a clean reasonably priced place to stay, if you want 5* then you will have to pay 5* prices.	
Oct 16 2007	GOLDEN SANDS 3! Excellent	Having seen one or two bad reviews about Golden Sands, I can only assume that the travellers were expecting 7 star accomodation for 3 star prices!!As a bit of a newbie to world travel, I can only say that my stay at Golden Sands 3 was excellent.The rooms were clean, well furnished, cool, and everything we needed to base ourselves for excursions around Dubai.The restaurant was excellent too even mid-Ramadan. Wide choice of food and all very tasty.The staff were ALWAYS friendly and helpful so my compliments to them.Dubai offers a range of shopping experiences from upmarket malls such as the Mall of the Emirates to the lower end at Al Karama. Whether you want GUCCI and JIMMY CHOO or not so GUCCI (;o)) then its all there. Travel by taxi is cheap if occasionally slightly exhilerating (LOL) and the excursions such as the desert safari or dhow dinner cruise have to be experienced as it can't be described!!!All in all, I have no reservations in highly recommending Golden Sands as the place to stay in Dubai. Comfort with the bonus of leaving you extra money for the shopping!!	
Oct 6 2007 	recommended	We stayed at Golden sands no-5, there are about 10 of them in total all the in same area. The hotel is located in Bur Dubai. There were 4 of us staying in one large studio room 2 adults and 2 children. the rooms were in excellent order with a triple size bed and one sofa bed. Rooms were well furnished with all the amenities like a washing machine, cooker, fridge and microwave. The bathroom was clean and a bit bland in all white. There is a supermarket called spinney's not far away where you can buy almost anything and also a corner shop and pharmacy around the hotel. the area is clean and there a small shopping mall not far away. Taxis are available from outside the hotel or from the main road which is about 5 mins away.There is also a swimming pool and a restaurant if you do not fancy cooking.	
Oct 6 2007 	GS5-To be recommended!!!	I booked this hotel/apartment based on reviews that I read here on tripadvisor. I have to say that after spendng 2wks in this hotel, I would recommend it to anybody. Dubai is expanding rapidly, so there is no real centre to it-Basically Its a very long road which keeps getting longer as the construction continues. Bur Dubai is considered Old Dubai but it is still a lovely area-although not as many tourists. In Dubai u must get a taxi EVERYWHERE-They're cheap but its frustrating that they have no public transport-except limited buses which only seem to be used by the locals. THis hotel is not near the beach but it provides a shuttle to the public beach every morning. It costs €1 to enter the beach. The hotel also provides a shuttle service to the private beach at the Hilton Jumeriah. It costs €20 per person per day but well worth it under the extreme heat conditions. U receive towels, umbrellas, sun loungers, access to pool, beach, wet facecloths are given out every few hours which are a godsend etc.. Can be costly if you decide to go everyday! GS5 is lovely-there are approx 10 different buildings. Food is not great in the hotel but there is a lovely cheap restaurant straight across the road called Grande and I would defo recommend it. If you have limited time and want to experience the best trip/attraction definitely go dune bashing in the desert!	
Sep 28 2007 	Pleasant and Comfortable	We were very happy with our stay Golden Sands 5. The apartment was spacious, clean and nicely furnished. The kitchenette had all utensils/crockery etc needed and most importantly the aircon worked very well. Both pools were quiet and pleasant. The staff were polite and helpful. There is a shop nearby to buy any essentials/food needed. We didn't eat in the restaurant though it looked OK. There is a shuttle bus to the airport every 2 hours and also to the beach. The hotel was fine - Its just a shame about the hot, dusty charmlessness of any outdoors parts of Dubai.	
Sep 28 2007	Fantastic Place to Stay!	You will not regret your choice to stay in this wonderful hotel! The staff is so helpful, friendly and goes out of their way to make you feel welcomed and comfortable (I arrived at 6 am in the morn and they checked me in so i can have nice rest before my city tour! how nice is that?!) The room is nicely decorated, in very good condition,spacious, clean and comfortable (AC worked very well). The kitchen had everything we needed, huge fridge, microwave, plates etc. So convenient if you want to heat up leftovers from meals! Didn't really use their washing machine as I only stayed two days but they had one...Love the free internet access in the lobby! Also the free airport shuttle is a great bonus, saved me the hassle of figuring outhow to get to the hotel and back to the airport which rounded off a wonderful experience of Dubai! I have travelled a lot, and this hotelis one of a kind in making its guests feel as pampered and welcomed as possible and all of that at a ridiculously reasonable price! Stay there!!!	
Sep 25 2007	EXCELLENT PLACE TO STAY	I stayed in Golden Sands 5 (originally booked into 3 but on arrival advised that it had been changed - no problem as it was the next block), I stayed there for 3 nights on a stopover and thought the hotel apartment was excellent value. The staff were friendly and couldn't do enough for you, really nice people. Being alone, female and my first time in Duabi this was an excellent choice for an apprehensive tourist. There was free internet and the tourist desk was helpful for any trips or anything you might want to book (although please check with the hotel opposite Golden Sands 3 for better deals, they seem to be cheaper .i. e. the desert safari was 100 dirham more in Golden Sands) The restaurant and pool area were pleasant. The room was very spacious and the bed was massive, easily fit 3 comfortably on it, not that I had 3 adults on it, no that kind of holiday.....for some people it is though so be careful where you book as prostitution is rife in certain hotel bars!! The bathroom was spotless and had a pool view from my balcony. Central location and ideal for a budget traveller with a bit of luxury.I would definately stay here again on any stopovers from Oz!!	
Sep 2 2007 	Good Service and All the Extras	If you don’t need to be directly on the beach, but want the comforts of home with good service and extra value, look at the Golden Sands 5 Apartment Hotel located in Bur Dubai (www.GoldenSandsDubai). These are four star amenities at three star prices. Here’s the extra value items I found at this hotel at no additional charge: 1) Airport shuttle offered every two hours. There is a Golden Sands tourism desk inside the airport just before you exit (you can’t miss it) just check with the personnel and they will direct you to the shuttle, 2) a large welcome bottle of water in your studio, 3) Gulf News on your door knob daily, 4) shopping bag in closet is a handy beach tote, 5) data port in my room for internet connection 6) business center in lobby- 4 computers, a printer, a fax machine 7) wireless wifi connection in the restaurant, 8) beverage service condiments-2 tea bags, 2 coffee sachets, sugar/creamer replenished, 9) somewhere there's a gym &amp; sauna, but didn't have time to use it. My studio apartment had very quality furnishings, was very large, and the kitchen was well equipped with nicer amenities than I expected - washer/dryer combo, microwave, toaster, electric kettle, 2 burner stove, iron and board, fridge/freezer, porcelain china, and all the pieces needed to cook if you ever wanted to. A small grocer can be found just down the street. Things to remember: 1) beware of touching any outdoor item that is metal, very warm and easy to forget 2) no cold water in Dubai taps, so make ice in your freezer, 3) great Duty Free store in baggage claim area to make your purchases while waiting for luggage 4) use sun block, wear a hat, drink lots of water 5) bring a few clothes washing tablets, 6) the swimming pool is cooled down here rather than warmed up! 7) you can purchase a prepaid UAE SIM card and replenishment time at the grocers, 8) this is a conservative country, and visitors are expected to dress conservatively and not show too much skin, 9) signs are in English &amp; Arabic, everyone speaks English, 10) TV in many different languages. Rooftop pool was my favorite, but when you want to go to the beach, you have choices: 1) take the complimentary shuttle bus (first come,first served) to Jumeirah Beach Park, (5 Dhrs entrance to the park) 2) if you wish to treat yourself to a “Resort Day” and use the Hilton Jumeirah Beach facilities, (90 DHrs buy tkt at reception) there’s a bus that goes there, too. The Hilton Jumeirah Beach has an incredibly huge swimming pool with swim up bar, (check out their webpage) gorgeous beach of course, but I enjoyed the sea then a chaise lounge, reading under the shade of the palm trees. Walk down the beach to the right and you will find Ahmed and his sweet well groomed and well mannered camel waiting for the next customer. 3) Taxis are relatively reasonable for getting around town, so you can come and go as you please if the bus is full.When you come home hungry, the dining room offers a fresh buffet, at 55 Dhrs. Or, having menu items sent up to the comfort of your room isn’t much more in cost (available round the clock &amp; I did this often). And plenty of good restaurants and pubs are nearby. Taxis were easy to grab on the street.I had a look at a 2 bdrm flat in Golden Sands 10 for future reference-gorgeous. GS 10 is a newer building and I loved the flat screen TV there as well as the square footage for being so large. The decor is similar but in lighter hues and there's no internet connection inside the rooms, but wireless wifi in the lobby and restaurant. Wherever you stay, you can't help but be amazed by this wonderful destination-the shopping centers are incredibly amazing.If you’ve stayed at Hiltons or Marriotts, you know their philosophy of “consistency in good service and hospitality.” This, evidently is the same philosophy of this local Dubai brand. All employees are happy and helpful, well groomed and uniformed and with good processes in place as I always see someone checking on something. I'm here two wks now for relocation and there are both business people and holiday makers. It's a very pleasant experience. If you need more info, reach me at Liz.Heaney@century21.com.	
Aug 21 2007	excellent	we stayed at golden sands 3 , which i s connected to golden sands 5. there is nothing bad i could find to say about the 5 nights we had there. the staff could not do enough for you, the food in the resturant was great value , and a good standard, and service excellent. i am a person with high standards, and i think the comment from the person from ireland , must of meant they did not stay in the same place as we did.	
Jul 29 2007 	Worst hotel in Dubai	I have very bad memorys for this hotel:- Old rooms with old furnitures. - We had to call to get soap to our room. - Only hot water. Not cold.- old travel tv- No microwaves- Cloth drying machine didn´t work- Shampoos smelled bad- Welcome back is only small bottle of water.- 5 old and rusty hangers- mosquitos- Very old safety box - Hotel demand 400 dirhams from customer before they will give the key.	
Jul 25 2007	Fantastic...	We stayed at the Golden Sands 3, while visiting the one and only 10* Dubai. There are about 9 or 10 different blocks of Golden Sands, I think 3 &amp; 5 are the main blocks for tourists.It was a pleasant surprise considering the cheap price tag per night, our room was just a studio, but surprisingly big, with its own kitchen and lounge area. Very clean and maid service every day. The staff were very helpful at reception and taxis waited outside all the time, as the heat is unbearable and you can not walk anymore than 10mins. (very cheap to grab a cab.)We found the excursions we booked were cheaper through the GS3 than a tour operator. We went on the Jeep desert safari which I would highly reccomend you to do, it was mega... All i can say is that Dubai is amazing, there is so much to see and do and if you cant afford to stay at the Burj Al Arab or Jumeriaj Beech resort, the Golden Sands is great, located close to all amenities, even if you do have to get a short cab ride, coz of the heat.Would reccomend you to make a reservation at the Burj Al Arab, it's out of this world...Have a good trip.	
Jul 24 2007 	Cheap And Cheerful	Have stayed here over Christmas for the past no of years.GS3 is the one we always stay in .It is great value for money and has everything you need including large fridge,clean rooms and good food in the cafe and very nice door staff.Everything you need is near by including the delicious Thai Terrace which serves the best thai food outside Thailand....its across the main road from Spinneys.....and a quick hop on the bus to Bur Dubai bus station where Carrefour is,which is the biggest hypermarket I have ever seen, where you can buy anything from a needle to a plasma TV at the best price.The only drawback is the beach &quot;mini&quot; bus.It can get full very quickly and its a &quot;everyone for themselves&quot; when the doors open and if you dont get on you have to take a taxi to the beach.We have no complaints with this hotel...and as arnie said....&quot;I will be back&quot;...	
Jul 8 2007 	Excellent home from Home	we (me, my wife &amp; 2 kids aged 9 &amp; 6) stayed in the hotel for the 2nd time in a two room suite. This time we stayed at Golden Sands 3 and not 5. The 2 buildings neighbour each other and share a pool, restaurant and car park.We used the level 1 pool (another on teh roof og GS 5) and had room service and ate at the restaurant - all very good in quality and price.The rooms are nicely sized, with clean bedding and bathrooms (we had 2), a kitchenette complete, wiuth oven, fridge freezer, washer dryer and sink with Cooker hood!Our room had a sofa, coffee table, dinning table and TV and still plenty of rrom.the hotel is easy to find and well located just outside th hustle &amp; bustle of bur duabi, but within walking distance of the major eateries and shopping areas of Bur Dubai. The reception and all the hotel staff are very helpful - we only tipped at the end except the waiters and porters.the local supermarket :opposite the buidling 5 entrance or go through the car park towards with GS 3 behind you. Take at left by the car park entrance and on the opposite side of the road slightly to your right a 24 HR store and decent restaurant. Both deliver your food/purchases rght up to your room.Trips to go on: desert safari, dhow cruise and wild wadi. The city tour was quite good and you get to see a lot of the sites with a break at Jumeriah Beach and the jewelary quarter and museum.Have fun go, but be careful of the sun it's a scorcher. Wear a hat, drink pleanty of fluids and clothe modestly away from the beach/ beach hotels.	
Jun 19 2007 	apartment is essential in dubai	i really advise if you are going to dubai, to stay in an apartment rather than a hotel, the reason is that it is so hot in dubai, that when you come back to where you are staying its so nice to have a large fridge, a washing machine , gas cooker and essentails like cutliary,glasses, and kettle.especially if you have kids.this apartment was fine for the stay, it was great to buy your own drinks and water and keep in the large fridge, and wash your clothes everyday, (as you cant wear the same clothes twice)the spinneys store and burjman is not really walking distance,especially in the heat,( we stayed at GS3)there were slight hiccups, as there was no cold water in the bathroom taps, and the light didnt work in the bathroom, but hey we didnt complain, couldnt be bothered!there is free airport transfers and free bus to the beach which was handy, but its every 2 hours.	
Jun 18 2007 	Hot Nights	We stayed at the Golden Sands 3, for two nights. Arrived early morning ( did not know about the free transfer bus) and our room was ready. Upgraded for free to a one bed ensuite - fantastic, spacious, clean, aircon. Helpful, efficient staff. Two small pools available. Cafe serving breakfast, lunch etc. Taxis easy to get outside. We walked to the Ramada (10 mins away) for the pub inside and the Bur Juman shopping centre where we took the city tour bus. Dubai is much bigger than we expected with an enormous amount of construction which appears to leave a grey dusty cloud hanging over the city. It was good to feel warm in the evening walking about. We took a taxi to Bar 44 at the Grosvenor House Hotel for cocktails, this took about 25 mins in clear traffic. We liked Dubai and would return. Not being fond of hotels we would be happy to self cater at the Golden Sands, we certainly did not think it was of poor quality and we too have travelled extensively. Perhaps we were lucky.	
Jun 15 2007	Great place to crash out !!!!	Excellent place to crash out whilst you explore Dubai. I stayed here with my family between May 24 &amp; June 1 this year. Room cleaned and dishes washed each day and much more !!!! Centrally located which is quiet handy. In the foyer area you can book the safari or hire a car and much more. Friendly staff especially the chaps on the door...big thank you to them !!!!Obviously it's not a 5 star but it's still a decent place to crash out as that is all one should be doing whilst you explore Dubai during the day and into the night !Just one slight criticism about the complementary airport transfer service....we couldnot find the bus outside the airport on arrival as it was parked well away from the main collection point...we nearly missed it and only just got there with the help of a local. Also the hotel willnot book a seat to take you back to the airport...it's a first come first served basis...i ended up stopping in the foyer for 2 hours to ensure we got a seat and all our luggage aswell, with 8 of us you can imagine there was quiet a bit !!!	
Jun 3 2007 	Decent living!	I stayed in the Golden Sands 3 Hotel Apartments (GS3) complex and had a 2 room studio. It was great - there was a washing machine, fridge/freezer, air con worked fine, cooker and they even washed the dishes for you every day! Please note that these are self catered, serviced apartments! GS3 do offer a buffet breakfast and dinner, but that is at an extra cost and I didn't see the need to eat at GS3 when there are plenty of eating places within a 10min walk! There is also free internet access to in the lobby and they have a tour booking office. I booked a desret safari package from here and it was excellent (a little short - there are lots of other operators who offer this safari cheaper, but I didn't trust them really!) The staff are very friendly and try to accommodate your needs! With regards to location, it's quite centrally located. I felt really safe here (I went with a girlfriend and we both felt very safe walking in the streets at night). In addition, all taxi drivers know where it is too, so that is a bonus. Jumeriah beach is about 15mins away (as long as there is no traffic) and costs about 26 dirhams (and there are currently 7 dirhams to the pound). If you don't feel like paying, then there is a complimentry bus that goes from GS3 at 9:30am and returns at 3pm. In addittion, there is a complimentary bus service that runs from Dubai airport to GS3 throught the day. It's worth calling and confirming this prior to departure!In conclusion, I was very happy with GS3. It's not the 5 star service that some might expect from a Dubai hotel, but it has all the amenities to make for a pleasureable stay. They room was clean and the staff helpful. We had fresh towels every day and also the room was cleaned daily (no matter what time you left the room during the day!). They also gave u a complimentary newspaper every morning! There is so much to do and see (and places to shop ;) ) in Dubai, that there is little need to stay in the room. GS3 does have a pool that is clean and in addition, the adjacent GS5 has a roof top pool that can be used by GS3 residents. If you are after a luxuary pampering holiday in Dubai, then GS3 is not for you. If on the other hand you are looking for a place to crash whilst you explore Dubai - then GS3 is perfect!	
May 6 2007 	fantastic!!	(we stayed in golden sands 5)..what can i say...the best self catering appartments we ever stayed in. Could not have asked for more.Rooms wer nice,big clean, plenty of tv channels.Room cleaned everyday.Friendly and Polite staff.The hotel also had a free shuttle bud service to Jumeria Beach.It also offers a free pick and drop off to and from the airport.Little bit disapointed with the kitchen, only two cooking rings and limted cutlery but hey we never used it as the food outside was very cheap and there are plenty of restarunts to chose from encluding macdonlads and pizza hut kfc buger king, supermarkets ( spinny Recommend! ) and plenty off indian restarunts all near by. 100% recommened. Tip: don not book excursions at the hotel as they are expensive instead go to mina bazar and book with travel agents over there, same trip would cost alot less there.	
May 5 2007 	what a dumpu have been warned	i had to write this report as going over the reviews for this place,u swear its going to be greatthe staff are unwelcoming,the place is dirty,the pool was something from a slum and the business centre was just so bad,number one being so slow that its impossible to book something on it,i also think they had restrictions on some websites like hotels.com when u went to the booking stageas a regular traveller to dubai,i got this place booked for a few days for me,essentially due to the reviews on the advisorwhat i can say is keep away and spend that extra bit to get anywhere better,its just one big mess of a place where cleaning doesnt really exist and manners are non existant,its seriously the worst place i have ever stayed in in the world and the people that wrote good reviews must have no taste at all !!u have been warned	
Mar 7 2007	Luvely jubely	I have just read a revue by someone from Glasgow and feel that I must write a revue as my experience was quite the opposite. We also stopped at G.S.3.The staff were very polite and very friendly. Perhaps that may be because we were polite and friendly ourselves. The food at the hotel was OK but not great then again as no one forced us to eat there we ate out for lunch and evening meals. I would suggest that if the staff were unfriendly that could be down to the guest as the staff were only human.The accomadation at GS3 was super. We were a party of 3 adults and had booked a 1 bedroom appartment. They consist of 1 double bedroom with a full ensuite and a living area with setees tables chairs cooker ect and 2 twin beds in a very spacious room with its own full ensuite. There is even seperate access to the balcony from each room.If you like a drink when on holiday buy it at the duty free at Dubai airport coming in. It is much cheaper than UK duty free and has a full range including beers. Cigarettes are less than 6 pounds for 200 British/American brands.Trips worth taking:- the big bus trip hop on and off anywhere you like. The ticket lasts for 24 hours and includes a dhow trip on the creek. The dhow trip can be saved for a later day if you wish.Burg Al Arab the tallest hotel in the world and the only 7 star hotel in the world. Book direct with the hotel do not book with any rep or agent you will pay a lot more.If you like horses the trip to the stables is very good. It is an early start but well worth it for the breakfast alone. A night at the races. We had booked this in the UK through our travel group Keoni who ripped us off. We payed around 50 pounds each and went by taxi and had a place in one of the stands. We had to pay for food and drinks. Book direct. Around 50 pounds entitles you to a 5 course meal in the stands and free drinks all night!!! 10 pounds gets you into the stand we were in and pay for your own food and drink. A taxi would cost 20 to 25 pounds return. The other alternative is to do the same as most of the locals do and stay at ground level which is free. The locals are very friendly and all speak very good English. One of the best holidays I have taken.	
Feb 2 2007 	Honest Review	We stayed here for 4 days and it is an excellent hotel to use as a base to explore Dubai. It is central to Spinney's (the main supermarket), the shopping malls and within walking distance (20 mins) to Dubai museum and the sights. The breakfast was average but there is variety and it is filling, to start the day off. The staff are extremely friendly. The internet access is very slow but hey, it is free and it does eventually work. The rooms are a fair size, kept clean and the cooker, kettle, fridge etc actually work. One big tip - DON'T BOOK ANY TOURS WITH THE HOTEL. They are almost double the price as tour operators. We were told that the desert safari was 260dhirams each. We actually went to Concord Tours (opposite Spinney's and McDonalds) for 165ds each, without even negotiating. If you do book with the hotel, tell them that operators such as Concord and Amazon Tours are not ripping tourists off! This really really bugged me as to the extent which the lobby tour operator ripped people off.	
Jan 30 2007	Dubai on a Budget... is there such a thing ! ?	Booked this hotel mainly due to the reasonable cost but after reading a few reviews on the Trip Advisor, we were slightly worried as to what we might find on arrival. However, we went with no expectations and were pleasantly surprised. We stayed at Golden Sands 5 and there are many different blocks, so i cant comment about others. Our Studio room was clean, well equipped, modern with all mod cons. The beds were comfortable, great TV channels and nice lounge area.The pool was small but again, due to the cost of the accomdation at this hotel compared to others in dubai, this really wasnt a big deal. There is a free shuttle to Jumeirah Hilton Hotel, but they also charge £15 a day per person to use the facilities which they failed to mention anywhere until we tried to go.The hotel is a short walk from the BurJuman shopping centre which has a great cafe &quot;Pauls&quot; which has fab food, suitable for breakfast and lunch. There is also supermarkets within a short walk. You can even get Pizza Hut delivered if you cant be bothered to go out. Watch out for the taxis as during rush hour, they pick and choose where they go, as they do not get paid at all whilst you are stationary in a cab, so you have to be quite forceful and just get in and almost refuse to budge if they try to say no ! They are paid by the government and cannot refuse to take you. They just dont like to, so they pcik and choose fares when its busy.I would definately reccommend the hotel, it was clean and had everything we wanted. If you have a bigger budget then there are lots of luxury 5 star hotels, Grosvenor Hotel, Royal Mirage etc, but then you will be paying nearly 5 times more per night.. great if you can afford it, if not Golden sands is perfectly nice.	
Jan 30 2007	Excellent	Stayed at Golden Sands 3 for 5 days from 25th Jan to 30th. Hotel/Apartments are very clean, rooms large with cooking and washing facilities. Both 3 and 5 face one another in a quite area, but close to mina bizzare (shopping) Staff are very friendly. Free internet access, but this can be hit and miss if it works or not. Great pool area and pool was great to cool off. Free shuttle bus to the beach everyday. Evening meal wasn't excellent. I chose to go to other hotels to eat in the evening as Golden Sands was way behind other hotels in this field. Breakfast was &quot;okay&quot;, Pool menu &quot;great&quot;. Overall an excellent hotel apart from evening meal.	
Dec 2 2006	Value for money Dubai base	We stayed in Golden Sands 10 which had good sized, clean, well-furnished apartments. We were impressed. (I guess we were expecting the worst!) One bathroom in one of the apartments smelled a bit like a sewer though and the problem never resolved itself and don't bother asking for a hairdryer - none of theirs work - we should know...they delivered about 5 of them!! One was so badly broken that the fan didn't even turn in it - just kept heating up, and up and up...could have been nasty!! There was a laundry room in each of the apartments with a giant washing machine &amp; tumble dryer, the kitchens were really big and well-equipped and the living/dining areas were well laid out - kitchen and living room have direct access to the private balconys. Only one of the bedrooms is en-suite the other two rooms in the apartment have each of their bathrooms across the hall from their rooms - annoying lay-out, but okay. Bedrooms are all fairly spacious for what they are and don't look too bad. The air con works well and is pretty silent - soooo important :)The whole group of us (over for a wedding) had 3 apartments between us. The staff were friendly and efficent in the most part, though there were some minor heated discussions at check-in, but I guess that comes with any big group check-in. The free internet in the lobby is on about 56k so be prepared to watch your Hotmail page build itself slowly, image by image...But hey, it works &amp; it's free.The pool is rubbish! Well, in Nov it is anyway as the sun never gets over the surrounding buildings!! So, cold water and no sunshine to lie out in. However, the public part of Jumeirah Beach is only a very short cab ride away so for about £2 you can just take yourself off down the beach anytime. Don't be fooled by reception into parting with £20 or £30 to spend the day on a private part of the beach eg the Hilton's beach area (Golden Sands does a 'partnership' arrangement with them - you buy a pass at Golden Sands to use at the Hilton's beach), as all you get for your money is a chap who occasionally comes by with cold towels. Go to Spinneys (Dubai's Waitrose!) and buy a delicious picnic and a few bottles of Masafi (the nicest-tasting mineral water you'll ever find) and enjoy the most beautiful, safest (Police HQ on the beach), cleanest, convenient public beach you'll ever speand the day swimming &amp; tanning on!Spinneys is right across the road from Golden Sands 10 which is brilliantly convenient - great pharmacy too, and cash machines. Bur Dubai is so convenient for everywhere that you'll want to go in Dubai and Golden Sands 10 is certainly very good value so if you want to save your money for spending in the Mall Of The Emirates then maybe consider staying here...	
Nov 24 2006 	Fantastic would stay here again.	We have just returned from a 3 night stay here. The room was very large and very clean, it was also fully self contained although we chose to eat in the restaurant each night. The food was excellent. The staff ,from the people on reception through to the housekeeping staff, were extremely friendly and helpful. Great location as it was very quiet at night. We found it easy to get to other places in Dubai from the hotel as there is always a taxi outside and the taxi fares are very very reasonable. Would definately stay at these apartments again.	
Nov 8 2006 	Yip - go for it - excellent apartment complex	Having read the reviews of this apartment went with some intrepidation - however - I would have nothing bad to say about it - We booked a studio 1 room - very large room - small toilet which was very warm but the apartment was spotless. Many reports of staff being rude we did not find - but I guess it goes by what you expect. Staff were more than helpful - Room was cool - Pool was nice temperature -didnt eat at the hote but overall would definitely recommend this for the city. Taxis available outside all the time - never had a problem getting one at all and very reasonable - Some fab restaurants not far away - we tried sushi city in Burjuaman mall - unique experience, Butchers grill at the Mall of the Emirates and the best was spice island at the renaissance at Deira. along with a few others - didnt have one bad meal - For a first time visit to Dubai - great however next time may stay at hte beach but only once the construction is complete - it isnt a few cranes it is like spot the completed building - Bus tour recommended, Didnt do the safari as the heat was unbelievable even in November but a great experience	
Sep 9 2006 	Never Again	The staff were unfriendly, the rooms were smelly, the food in the apartments was disgusting!We came in our room to find one of the staff come out the bathroom looking quite shook up, I then went into the toilet later to find the sink had sick in it - we assume from him!Staff were very impersonal and never said bye, thanks or anything!The pool was lucky if ten people could fit in it!IF YOU GO HEAR DO NOT EXPECT MUCH!!!!!!	
Aug 16 2006 	Friendly staff 	This is my second visit to the golden sands hotel apartments.I have always chosen Golden sands5 because of its above average decor and also the facilities in its apartments. The rooms are always clean and the reception staff always friendly and helpful.It is also in a good location, not far from the shops and major restaurants. I will always recommend GS 5 if you are on a budget and want a 4 star apartment for the price of a 3 star.	
Jun 28 2006	Great hotel	My partner and I stayed at this hotel for 1 week whilst on holiday in Dubai. Its good value for money and the staff are very friendly. Location was fantastic also as near to shopping mall and supermarket just 5 mins walk away. A lot quiter than Jumeriah Beach area and a lot cheaper. Overall a good valur for money holiday in a amazing country.	
May 19 2006	Nice apartments	This was the third time staying at the hotel. Has gone down a little bit. The staff are very rude, no smiles or anything. Not willing to help in anyway, not the service as before. Stayed here because of the location and the fact we stayed there before.The room only cleaned every other day it is the new hotel policy, they do not clean the apartment everyday. I would probably stay again as it was cheaper then other options.	
May 7 2006	GREAT!!!	There are 11 Golden Sands Hotels all next to each other (#12 in the making) all owned by Arenco who own lots of properties &amp; Hotels in Dubai. We stayed at the Golden Sands 3, our taxi driver told us this is one of the best ones &amp; is also the most popular one. May 1st - May 5th 2006. The rooms are very nice, with sofas, a small dining table &amp; a kitchen area, where you have a fridge freezer, cooker, kettle &amp; even a washing machine. I think all the rooms have a balcony, ours was facing the street (front of the hotel) which could be noisy at times, but we did not mind. The rooms was also air con. The bathroom was small but clean &amp; all white. Also we had an iron &amp; ironing board. There is also a safe in the room in the wardrobe.There is free internet access donstairs in the lobby, there are 2 PCs in the &quot;business centre&quot; &amp; 1 just near the lifts - these can be really slow &amp; sometimes did not work.Also the hotel has an office where you can go &amp; book your tours &amp; outings, you can book the desert safari here also for half the price that you would pay if you pre-booked with Expedia. (Recommended).We only ate lunch twice at the hotel. They offer buffet breakfast, lunch &amp; dinner. We had the buffet lunch the 1st time &amp; the 2nd time we just ordered off the menu as it could get quite boring. Their salad table was pretty nice. This hotel does not have a bar &amp; does not serve any alcohol.Outside in the pool are, the pool is quite small. Not ideal for swimming, but just lazing about or cooling off. There are also sun loungers available but you have to get there pretty early. The hotel does not provide towels for the pool area. Best thing to do is take your room towels then just ask for new towels when you get back to your room.The service here is really good, the staff are always helpful &amp; eager to help, as we had a roblem with one of our excusions &amp; they really went out of their way to help.There are also taxis outide ready to take you where you want to go. A Taxi to Jumerieh Beach is under 40Dh. There are also 2 supermarkets close by (10-min walk in the heat!) Choitram &amp; Sons &amp; also Spinneys.Also would advice make reservations to the Rooftop Bar @ The One&amp;Only Royal Mirage Hotel - this was amazing! Try &amp; get there before sunset.Hope this was helpful.	
Apr 25 2006	Very Good Apartments	My wife and I stayed at Golden Sands 5 for 1 week over Easter and overall found them excellent value for money and of a really high standard.On the downside - Don't expect a room with a view, there is a balcony but the outlook is just other buildings. the view from the roof top pool is also disapointing but thats simply because there are lots of taller buildings around Golden Sands so you don't get that expansive view that you get from some inner city rooftops - The Pool itself is quite pleasant though - particulary after a long hot day at the beach.But the positives far out weigh any minor grumbles: the staff are friendly, professional and really helpful, always taxi's outside, location great for nightlife and beach (avoid rushour traffic if you can) and the whole place (once inside) has a very slick (even posh !!) feel to it.Our Room (214) appeared to have been been recently renovated and the sleeping / lounge area was of a comparable standard to a 4 star hotel in europe. The kitchen and bathroom was less impressive but still perfectly adequate.Having previously stayed at a 5 Star on the beach we ventured to GS with a little trepidation but we literally saved hundreds (thousands !) of pounds by staying at Golden Sands and you can still enjoy all the luxery of the 5 star Resturants (eg: Madinat Jumeriah) at night, whilst also seeing a bit more of the &quot;Real Dubai&quot; on the way !If your on any kind of budget whilst visiting Dubai I seriously recomend this place.	
Apr 22 2006	Brilliant but building work- beware!	Overall, this hotel was very good. Spacious rooms, comfortable and clean. My young children and husband also loved the room. It was very homely and we settled in straightaway. HOWEVER, our room was overlooking the building work outside and the builders are there at 7am on the dot! This was the only downfall for me. I must say that the noise only woke me up sometimes whereas my husband and kids slept through it all the time!! So if you're a light sleeper like me, I would defeinitely recommend trying to contact the hotel and requesting an alternative room, if possible, beforehand. Staff are also friendly and try to help with any queries. The shuttle bus to the beach every morning was good. However there were lots of people wanting to get on and there was a bit of a push and shove to get a place on it! So be there early! It may have been a busy time of year (Easter) so I don't know if it's like this all the time. The bus also picks you up from the beach in the afternoon, but other guests commented that it is often late or sometimes fails to come at all! We just caught a taxi back on the day it was late, as the children were tired and it was too hot for them. The pool was small and not really ideal for young children but was popular with many families. As my son has special dietary requirements we never ate at the hotel restaurant but bought our own ingredients and food. There are pans and cooking utensils in the room so it wasn't a problem. Location of the hotel is good- near to local grocery stores where you can buy milk, bread, sandwiches, cakes etc. but Spinneys supermarket is also nearby. To conclude, a lovely place to stay- very clean and comfortable. Would recommend to others and would definitely stay here again!	
Apr 19 2006	lovely hotel	we stayed here for a week in april, the hotel was lovely. the staff were very friendly. the only disappointment was the pool as it was quite small, but still it wasnt too bad as my daughter loved it. this hotel was ideal for us as it was nearby to all shopping centres and the beach. the most we spent on a taxi to a shopping mall, i think was about 48 aed which was about £8 (not bad at all). there was a complimentary shuttle bus to jumeirah beach which we used 3 times. there were always taxis outside the hotel waiting to take you anywhere you wanted. there was also a local supermarket - spinneys, which had everything you needed!! it was a shame they didnt have a hairdryer in the room but again i asked them for one and they bought it up for me. the service we received from golden sands was brilliant, the staff were always willing to help us no matter what time it was. there is a vast amount of construction going on in dubai, and especially jumeirah road!!! im so glad we didnt pay all that money and stay in jumeirah hotel as you would of been able to hear construction work all the time. i would definitely recommend golden sands 3 at any time and would go back there myself. i just wish we'd stayed a bit longer.	
Apr 10 2006	Good hotel?	Stayed there for 3nigths. The room was smelly, staff were not so polite(no smile--), no children playing facility in Golden sands 3&amp;5(you have to walk to golden sands 10, 5min walk from 3). I was very disappointed with this hotel. I wouldn't recommend here really...	
Apr 4 2006	Plesant stay	Stayed 9 nights in Golden Sands 3. Great value for money. Everything we needed, clean and confortable studio. Helpfull staff, always taxis up front, free internet, walking dist to huge shopping center and grocerystore. Free shuttlebus to the beach every day and also to the airport. Newspaper at the door every morning.Only thing I do not recomend is the breakfast. Never saw any of the girls others mentioned in their reviews. I would go again and do recomend others. Guess I would call it touristclass.	
Mar 24 2006	very nice appartment	We have just returned from 2 weeks staying at the golden sands appartments. The appartment was very clean and well furnished. The staff were very friendly and nothing was too much trouble. You could take the free shuttle bus to the beach and there was also free internet. There is a very pleasant pool area and you could also use the rooftop pool next door.We were very pleased with the location as you could walk to different places and there were some nice restaurants nearby. The Burjuman shopping centre isn't far away and Spinneys supermarket is also close.We had an excellent holiday and would definately stay at the Golden sands if we return to Dubai	
Mar 14 2006 	Good value for money.	We stayed at the Golden Sands 3 for three nights whilst on business in Dubai, its good value for money and the rooms are very clean and well equiped, the bathrooms were a bit shabby though. we had a studio that could have slept 4 with two bathrooms even though there were just 2 of us, there was a lot of building work going on right next to the hotel so take ear plugs and you will be fine, overall not a bad hotel, very nice staff, good taxi service right outside and nice little reception area just dont have the breakfast it was terrible. any questions email us at enquiries@the-beckhams.co.uk. and we will be happy to help.	
Mar 11 2006	Very nice hotel!	We stayed in the Golden Sands 3 from 3-10 March 2006. We had a very nice stay! We stayed in a one bedroom apartment wich was very spacious, clean and renovated. The surroundings were not pretty, though very close to supermarkts, shopping malls (Burjaman) and restaurants. We read some reviews saying it is a &quot;red light district&quot; (as we say in Holland) but we did not see any of those girls. The hotel offers free internet and the staff was very friendly. The hotel is not expensive and offers a good quality!	
Mar 8 2006	Golden Sands 3 - good value for money	Our family of four stayed at Golden Sands 3 for a week in February and thought it was very good value for money. We had a one bedroom apartment which was very spacious and had two shower rooms. You could be completely self catering - we had a full size cooker, fridge-freezer and adequate pots, pans etc. Also, there is a small supermarket right next door selling all the basics, including some Western brands. However, the restaurant is a cheap alternative and is open all day.We found all the staff polite and helpful, although the desk staff were very busy. Golden Sands is not luxurious, nor is the hotel or its surroundings pretty, but if you want an economical alternative to more expensive hotels, which is convenient for the attractions of the city, we would certainly recommend it.	
Feb 28 2006	Best family accommodation	Stayed at the Golden Sands 3, 2 bed studio in Feb 06, for 12 days and it was absolutely brilliant. There were 2 adults and 3 children and we had a 2 bed studio with 2 double beds and a sofa bed, 2 bathrooms, kithen area, dining table and balcony. The rooms were clean and modern, there was housekeeping to clean the rooms everyday with fresh towels.The staff were really really friendly and loved to play with the children.The buffet service and room service where good but you can have food delivered from outside to your apartment.I would highly recommend this to an family has it is close to all shops, supermarktets and central to all.We are going back again nextyear and will only be staying at the Golden Sands. If you want any further info just mail me.	
Feb 19 2006	Very good value	I have just returned from staying at the Golden Sands 3 with a female friend. After seeing positive and negative remarks on this review site, I went with an open mind.We found the staff very friendly and helpful, from the Manager down to the Cleaner.The studio apartment was a good size, clean and comfortably equipped. The pool and area were clean and we always managed to get a free lounger. A walkway linked the pool area with Golden Sands 5, where you were able to use their roof terrace pool, which again was clean.The internet was very slow and the computers were always busy, but we were told (unfortunately at the end of our stay !!) that we could also use the 4 computers in Golden Sands 5, which were not so busy.A complimentary daily bus shuttle takes you to the beach.Altogether a very good, reasonably priced, place to stay in Dubai. There is an excellent supermarket, Spinneys, a short walk away that stocks everything you could need.	
Feb 3 2006	Very bad DON'T book this "hotel"	Very bad hotel, not hygienic, old furniture, bad pool, bad neighbourhood, no shops, very,very bad breakfast. DON'T stay here!!!!	
Jan 17 2006	loved the golden sands 3 dubai	Stayed in the golden sands 3 apartments for 5 nights with my daughter and friend. The apartments were very clean, roomy and comfortable. The staff were excellent, made our trip very enjoyable.	
Jan 16 2006	Not bad at all.	We stayed at Golden Sands 5 (6-13 Jan) in a studio room and were pleasantly surprised after reading some of the write ups on this site. Room was large - contained a queen size bed, three and two seater sofa, small dining table and kitchenette (microwave, two hobs, fridge freezer and washing machine). All the rooms have a balcony area too. Decor and furniture was contemporary. Two swimming pools, both very clean, however avoid the 1st floor pool if you don't like kids splashing about, go to the rooftop one. Free access to internet (speed, not great but acceptable). Gym contains all the basic gym equipment (freeweights, 2 treads, cycle, rowing etc) but the air con was faulty. There is nothing fancy about the about Golden Sands but rooms are clean and service was efficient and friendly. Location is good, plentiful taxis, cost less than £1.50 to the creek, souks etc and about £5.00 to the sail looking hotel. There is the Grand Supermarket across the road, but don't go there, 'expensive', go to Spinneys (5 min walk)where you'll also get a better choice of goods, even sells various Waitrose items. As for the ladies (and a couple of gentlemen) of the night, all very harmless, they won't bother you if you don't approach them. They are reasonably well dressed, not like the kind you see in Soho. We would have no problems staying there again.	
Jan 15 2006	Great stopover value for money	There are about 5 Golden Sands apartment complexes and I stayed in No. 3. My apartment was all I could wish for a stopover. It had a balcony overlooking the pool, efficient aircon, lots of satellite TV channels, very comfy beds, spotless bathroom with fluffy towels. The dining room served dinner until about 10.30pm, although the kitchen has all you need to cook something. Room service was prompt and the food very good. There was free internet in the Business Centre in the lobby.I would thoroughly recommend staying here and having a look at Dubai as part of your Emirates trip as the rates are very reasonable.	
Jan 9 2006	Good value for the price	We (two adults, two children) stayed at Golden Sands 3 on our last night in Dubai having previously stayed in the 4* Oasis Beach in Jumeirah. I suspect that we got one of the refurbished rooms because everything was in excellent order. It can't compare with the Oasis Beach but, heck, it cost one third of the price! For that price it was spacious (two room studio consists of a double bedroom, two single beds in the living room, two bathrooms - shower not bath - and basic kitchenette), the kids loved the (rather slow) free internet and enjoyed swimming at 8pm at night when the smallish pool was warm but deserted.Top feature was the poolside restaurant where the food was excellent value for a hotel and mountains of it (e.g. excellent mixed grill - think Middle Eastern not European - for 28 Dirham). The same food can be delivered to your room by room service for about two Dirham extra per dish. That's virtually the same price as restaurants and self-service mall food courts. If you want to self cater there's a Spinney's supermarket 400 yards away. These apartments are a good way to experience Dubai without paying the sometimes exorbitant Dubai hotel prices. It's not four or five star (it doesn't claim to be) but, from our experience, provides friendly service and excellent value for money.One final point. Yes, there are a handfull of ladies of the night who congregate around one street corner not far from the hotel. But I've seen them in other parts of Dubai not far from four and five star hotels. It's no different from other big cities, they are easily avoided if you want to and caused no problems to us. Definitely not a reason to avoid this hotel.	
Aug 15 2005	OK but wouldn't go back!	We spent 3 nights at Golden Sands 3 as part of a stopover. The rooms are very big and it was very useful to have a washing machine in the room, especially as the soaring temperatures meant that we couldn't wear the same clothes twice! Although the room was generally clean it was in dire need of modernisation (they have started doing this already on the bottom floor). Beware of hanging any clothes up to dry in the bathroom as we managed to get rust patches on some things that had been hung up there. The balcony was very small and not the type that you could sit on to relax as it seemed as the birds liked to mark the territory as their own making it very dirty. The pool area is quite grotty, the sun loungers were dirty and there were no umbrellas around as shown in the pictures. The pool itself was the same temperature as a bath due to the heat! The free internet in the lobby is useful but a bit slow and you may have to queue for it. The staff at reception are the most unfriendly people that I think I have ever encountered. They talked to us as if we were dogs on the street and we were constantly treating us as if we were people who had just walked in off the street who weren't entitled to be there! For example we asked what time the shuttle bus to the beach left and the response was a stony look followed by an enquiry as to which room we were in before they would tell us. Similarly when we asked about how to use the internet we were told you just had to wait and then it was free, we did so and when we got on the internet we once again got interrogated as to our room number despite having just spoken to them. This wouldn't have been so strange if it was happening to everyone but we were the only people this was happening to. All in all it was OK but there is no chance that we will be returning!	
May 5 2005	Clean but dated accommodation		
Apr 30 2005	GREAT ROOMS FRIENDLY HELPFULL STAFF		
Apr 19 2005 	Reliable good value (and some advice for the ladies)		
Mar 6 2005	Great value - good location		
Feb 18 2005	redlight area		
Feb 15 2005	Brillant Accomadation and value for money		
Feb 14 2005	Shopping Festival!		
Oct 17 2004	Good Basic Accom		
Sep 21 2004	Great place to stay		
Aug 25 2004	A bargain		
Nov 9 2009 	Meilleurs experience à Dubai		
Nov 5 2009 	gutes Preis/Leistungsverhältnis		
Oct 18 2009 	Muy buena relación calidad-precio		
Aug 18 2009 	Spettacolare!Ottimo Rapporto qualità prezzo		
Jul 22 2009 	Dubai per tutti!		
Jun 2 2009 	Le rêve		
May 28 2009 	Zuhause in Dubai - die Werbung lügt nicht		
May 14 2009	Super Hotel Apartement. Sehr gut ausgestattet neuwertige Einrichtung!		
Dec 3 2008 	Sehr laut und ohne Aussicht		
Sep 10 2008 	Schöne Appartements schlechte Lage		
Mar 30 2008 	Gerne wieder		
Feb 15 2008 	Bon hotel		
May 22 2007 	Golden Sands 3 guter Ausgangspunkt für Stadttouren		
Nov 23 2006 	Durchschnitt		
