Aug 8 2009 	"Only if you have to"	Transiting from kuwait to mauritius via dubai, i had about 20 hours to kill. I accepted the advice of airport staff to stay at this hotel. But regrettably it was disappointing experience.As a solo traveller, i found the room old and smelly.The bathroom was cramped and not working.The staff of the discotecque after i had my dinner asked me to order more drinks to continue stay at the club while awaiting my transport to airport. (complained later to management)...My only good points about the hotel is they allow early moring check-in and location of the hotel in the heart of the city.	
Apr 7 2009 	Very nice place for a reasonable price	I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. there was four of us (friends) and we had two adjoining rooms with a connecting door.we mainly chose this hotel because it was a 4-star, and also part of a chain (lotus hospitality) with two more hotels in Dubai. what we payed for the hotel was only a bit more than what you should pay for a 3-star, but at the same time we avoided the seediness of Dubai's 3-star hotels and got a much much better service.overall it was a pleasant stay. the rooms were very clean. remember to possibly get a room at upper floors to avoid disco noise at night (applies to almost all hotels in Dubai).the food was good. you *may* be put off a bit first by the look of the food they serve, but believe me it's very delicious.the staff were helpful and polite. specially the reception was very polite and helped us with everything we wanted. although you may find housekeeping staff a little weak in English and you may have to try a bit to get them understand what you want.the hotel has it's own pool which was small but clean and good for relaxing in.on the down side. the internet in the lobby wasn't free (which in most of 4 or 5-star hotels is).	
Feb 23 2009 	Pleasant stay	We stayed in the Lotus for one night and paid USD145 for a double including breakfast. Room was spacious, clean, bed comfortable, staff very polite and helpful. No complaints. The hotel has their own taxi who dropped us and picked us up from the city center mall. Hotel is very conveniently located to everything, the malls, beach and airport and the hotel provides courtesy shuttles to all.	
Mar 20 2008 	Second Stay Not As Good As the First	My wife and I stayed in Lotus for four days in March; it was our second visit this year. Not quite as good as the first stay. The room - 2nd floor, facing the street - is a bit on the small side and a bit worn. The bed was just OK; the mini-bar leaked (fixed). The closets are adequate for two, but are not very deep (same problem with our other room). You cannot put a suit, dress, or shirt in the closet without turning it a bit sideways; not a major problem, but not great either. Room had a king sized bed, desk, bureau, TV, small table and one chair. The pool on the roof is small; OK for cooling off, but you're not going to do laps. There is also a jaccuzzi, some loungers and a bar. Not too big, but OK. The reception staff tries, but is a bit under-trained. Had a scare as they misplaced our passports (kept overnight); took about 30 minutes to locate them; recommend collect your passports as soon as possible. Did not use the bar, but there were a small number of prostitutes hanging around the small lobby at night. Bellboy services were indifferent; asked to get a taxi in 20 minutes; when we got to reception, no taxt (didn't even try). We did not have many problems with taxis at Lotus, but some of the taxis we got were &quot;private&quot; taxis (guy with a car/van moonlighting; no meter, agree to the price before you take the trip). We haven't had problems with private taxis, but there could be problems. Overall an OK stay. The price is competitive with other mid-range 4* hotels in Dubai. The place is a bit worn, reception mediocre, but if you have business or want to be in the Rigga Road area, it's adequate (as long as you are not expecting the &quot;Dubai luxury experience.&quot;	
Mar 10 2008	terrible	The room was not very clean. there was a bad smell in the room.The toilet was out of order. The food was not at all good. just the location was suitable.	
Jan 3 2008 	Lotus Disappointing	What a dump! In the US, this would have been a one or two star hotel. We were greeted in the lobby by the thumping from a loud sleazy discotheque. The halls were poorly lit and not maintained. The room was in disrepair with torn and worn patches on the carpet and wallpaper. The bathroom was cramped and the shower spilled water all over the floor. If you're on a tight budget, this place is cheap and clean. If you're looking for the Dubai luxury experience, though, you won't find it here.	
Oct 30 2007 	very disappointing	I booked a deluxe room in Lotus hotel after reading very positive reviews on this site. But I must say it was a very disappointing experience. The room, while fairly sized, lacked basic comfort (I had to ask twice for the broken desk chair to be changed). Towels provided were not clean, and the room was not fixed before 5:30 pm for two days in a row. When I complained, the staff was not very helpful and excuses such as 'too much work' were provided.Breakfast buffet is a joke. Quality of food is less than average, let alone the cleanness of the placeI've been to other hotels in Dubai, and even a two-stars like Ibis hotel provide a much higher level of service.	
Jul 19 2007 	Theee place to stay near Rigga Rd !	Quite simply a clean and well speced hotel in an excellent location for Mcdonalds, Burger King, Pizza Hut etc. Easy to hail a taxi from outside. AlGhurair shopping center with a cinema is also v near by. The bed linen was changed daily and was v comfortable. We will be staying here again definitely.The first room we had unfortunately had a mattress which sagged in the middle and the 1st night was a bit uncompfy. But we told them the next day and they changed our room without hesitation.This was out 4th trip to Dubai and we have always stayed near Rigga Rd. It doesn't beat the Taj Palace, but then it is only 1/3 the price and 4/5 as good ! And is in a better location than the Taj. And yes, you could do far worse eg. the K Porte Inn on the opposite corner. It was a real hole. Thank almightly that we found Lotus !	
Jul 12 2007 	Great Place	This hotel was very faily prived and located very close to the airport. We booked the hotel from the airport and were not dissapointed. Its located within 5 minutes of the airport and there are a handfull of shopping centers within walking distance. There are many food options availiabe within a close proximity.The service was excellent. From the monet we arrived, the staff treated us with courtesy and were more then helpful when asked for assistance. The beds were excellent and the bathrooms clean and large. The cable tv left alot to be desired. There was only a few static free channels and the tv was rather old. Overall I left happy with the hotel. Though Dubai abounds with great hotels, the majority of them are very expensive and out of the reach of one like me. Lotus gave me a great value while allowing me to experience the pleasure Dubai has to offer.	
Apr 7 2005 	Great find	I arrived in Dubai with no reservations. Usually this is not a problem, but on this night everything was full. I asked the cab driver to drive around and try to find a decent room somewhere, and He recommended the Lotus. Formerly Howard Johnsons, I think, I was pleasantly surprised to find a very courteous staff, a very clean room, and a lively night club off the lobby open late with live music. The hotel is a short walk to Burger King and other places North Americans will recognize. I will defintely stay there again!	
Sep 27 2009 	2 Sterne zuviel		
Feb 2 2009 	Abstenerse si vas por negocio		
Nov 12 2007 	Fuyez..!!!		
