Sep 16 2009 	Great for a stop-over	This is an excellent hotel for a stop-over. The staff are friendly and helpful and the rooms have all the amenities you would expect (including a shaving kit, dental kit etc. etc. - all of which was very useful since I had not remembered to pack my toilet bag in my hand luggage (see comment below)). The other nice thing is that they have really tried to make the hotel a bit edgy and different, which is quite a feat for something which is essentially in an airport terminal building. My only quibble was that the air conditioning in the room seemed rather complex to operate and could not be turned off. One point to note though, if you are going to use this hotel overnight on your way to somewhere: check your main luggage through to your final destination and pack a change of clothes and toilet bag in your hand luggage. In order to get your main luggage you need to go out of the terminal and into Dubai (the luggage hall is technically part of Dubai). This means you need to go through passport control. You cannot then get back to the hotel without checking in for your connecting flight, which will probably not open until a few hours before it takes off.	
Sep 5 2009 	Loved the Excecutive Room in	I spent 10hrs stopover in Dubai Airport. This hotel i choose to stay for 10hrs at the airport Terminal 3 the room was amazing., clean with all extras. Massage chair was very usefull when you have to fly 22 hrs. The good thing of the hotel was just above the departure gates and arrival it only takes 5 min from Emirates gates. Bar and resturant were open 24hrs which was the major help for travellers. Great place to stay I stayed there on 2 occassions both stopovers. They only charge by hourly rate which is good for people like me when i do a stopover its great.	
Aug 17 2009 	Extremely noisy air conditioner in an expensive hotel	We booked a 7 hour stopover in this hotel as a means of avoiding hanging around in the airport terminal overnight. We knew that the hotel was expensive but thought we'd give it a try. The bathroom was clean, with all the required toiletries, including a hairdryer. The bed was comfy but the room overall, was fairly average. The air conditioner was the worst part of it all. It could not be switched off, unless you removed the card from the slot at the door, which meant that none of the lights worked. It was extremely noisy and switched on and off, even though I'd set it to what I thought was a constant fan speed. The AC drove me crazy!	
Jun 19 2009 	Extremely expensive	Considering the kind of the hotel and packages offered (hourly rates), 190.- USD for 4 hours is almost unaccettable.Nice and well furnished bathroom and confortable bed. That's all. The room was dirty and absolutely not soundproofed. It's better sleep in the airport lounges.	
Jun 19 2009 	Good is money is no object and you really need to sleep in Airport!	Its great if you really need to sleep inside airport and/or cannot get UAE visa on arrival and money is no object.Thought it was way overpriced, we pay 250USD for 6 hours OUCH!!	
May 27 2009 	DHI – Lots of room for improvement	I booked two rooms at the DHI in Terminal 3 on May 23 on my way from London to Singapore. The six-hour-long stopover induced me to try this facility.I was charged approximately £144 per room for two deluxe double rooms, a price which puts this facility on the expensive side of things.Unfortunately I noticed there isn’t much value for money.The check in process was lengthy and old school, having to provide passports which had to be scanned. The check in clerk was also multitasking, therefore making us wait a total of 18 minutes to complete the process.I may tend to be more flexible in different situations but in this specific case every minute matters and I feel the check in process could have easily been 10 to 12 minutes shorter.Rooms are clean and stylish and they are fitted with very comfortable beds. The bathroom is spacious and very clean, also featuring complimentary toiletry items such as disposable toothbrush etc.I found the room to be well insulated but.... I did clash with the alleged security light located at the entrance.Not only this light may prevent you from falling asleep, it also randomly buzzes in a frightening mode.I have no idea who came up with the idea of a “security” light that can’t be switched off but I find it absolutely absurd, especially when paying in excess of £140 for a few hours of sleep.I obviously contacted the hotel manager voicing my frustration about said light. The chap showed up at his leisurely convenience, some 25 minutes after I called reception.He mercifully had an attendant “kill” the light by removing the light bulb from the socket, thus confirming that it may not be a much needed security feature after all. I requested a wake-up call upon checking in but for some mysterious reasons I also set the alarm on my cellphone while waiting on the light killer. Fact of the matter my cellphone’s alarm prevented me and my family from missing our flight since the concierge didn’t have record of our wake-up call request!In summary I’d say this hotel well represents the mixed standards of Dubai. The facility itself is well thought of and well built but also features some oddities like the infamous “security” light; personnel lacks training and consistency, just like travellers may experience in other resorts of the UAE. The hotel could become worth its price only if oddities are addressed and personnel’s skills are brought to standards via extensive training.	
May 25 2009 	Overpriced hotel incompetent staff complaints ignored	N.B. This review is in two parts: my original review followed by an update at the end detailing the hotel's response to my complaints.ORIGINAL REVIEW (9 March 2009):We only checked out of this hotel this morning but, even though I have only just got off a long flight, I am so angry that I wanted to write this review straight away. Please read the excellent reviews below to get an understanding of the unusual hotel set up. There are different sections of this hotel in terminal 1 and terminal 3. Our experiences in the terminal 1 part of the hotel, where we stayed for a brief overnight transit stop en route from the UK to Australia, were very favourable. We first stayed overnight in Feb 2009 in the Terminal 1 part of the hotel. We were very impressed with this part of the hotel - although it was not cheap at 941 Dirhams (approx £160) for 9 hours. We were met off the plane and escorted through the airport to the hotel, which saved us considerable time and inconvenience. We were pleased with our room and enjoyed an adequate meal from room service. The reception staff at check out were friendly and efficient and we embarked on our onward flight feeling refreshed.When we returned to Dubai on 8 March 2009 at approx 1 p.m., following an exhausting 16 hour flight from Brisbane, we decided to try the Terminal 3 part of the hotel as it was nearer our arrival and departure gates. Again, we were met off the plane and escorted very quickly and efficiently through the airport, for which we were extremely grateful. We were very pleased with our room and immediately went to sleep as we had an appointment at the opposite side of Dubai at 6.30 p.m. When we awoke at 5 p.m. we discovered that the water supply to the room had failed. No water was coming from the taps, bidet or shower and we were afraid to use the lavatory in case we would be unable to flush it. We had some difficulty working out how to contact reception as there did not seem to be a list of extension numbers anywhere in the room. When we did finally manage to speak to reception, we were told that the problem would be passed on to the relevant person. There was no indication of what we should do. We did not know whether we should pack up our belongings in preparation for being moved, whether we should begin changing to go out or whether we should wait for further instructions. We considered whether we should ask to be moved to a room in Terminal 1. We did not, and, in light of the treatment we received later, this was a mistake. After some time, still without water, we had heard nothing further and telephoned reception again. The receptionist was not very clear, but we gathered that the whole hotel was without water. Had we been told this in the first place, we would have known just to go ahead and prepare, albeit somewhat poorly, for our appointment, rather than waiting for someone to arrive at the door. No adequate apology was given - either for the lack of basic amenities or lack of communication. So, we had no option but to go out without having had a shower, use of a lavatory or even having been able to wash our hands. We were extremely upset, felt grubby and were late for our appointment. When we returned from our appointment, a silent message had been left on our hotel room answering machine. We suspect this had been reception trying to contact us, but it is difficult to know. By this time, the water was running again but it would have been fair to let us know.Check out the following morning was a fiasco. We were kept waiting for quite some time before anyone came to help us, which in itself is very poor at an airport hotel where the guests have flights to catch. The gentleman who eventually came to serve us seemed to have very limited English and a poor attitude. He claimed to know nothing of the water supply problem the previous evening. We thought it fair that there should be some compensation for our inconvenience but, after nodding in apparent agreement, he prepared the bill for the full amount and insisted on entry of the credit card PIN number. We refused to do this until we were told what amount we were about to pay and what reduction we were being given. He delayed for some time, gave us no further information, then again insisted the PIN number be entered. Again, we refused. Indeed, by this stage we had still not seen an itemised bill and, in our experience, it is customary for guests to be shown an itemised bill for approval before settlement of their bill (we can confirm we received one in Terminal 1). He was considerably annoyed, huffed and puffed and said he would have to ask someone else.The next gentleman was little better. He was also ignorant of the failed water supply and actually asked us whether we had reported it at the time! (Why wasn't it already known that we had in fact reported it twice?) Indeed, the pair of them almost refused to accept the problem had happened at all. He had to telephone a third person. The reduction we were given was utterly inappropriate for the level of inconvenience we had suffered (172 dirhams off a 1047 dirham bill - i.e. approx £29 off a £180 bill) - really an insulting reduction bearing in mind that WE HAD HAD NO WATER! The amount of and reasoning behind the reduction was not explained to us, nor were we asked if we thought the amount was adequate, which it was not.  The original receptionist didn't seem to have a clue how to operate the computer system and had to be told what to do by his colleague at every stage. By this point, considerable time had passed, our flight was being called and, although we had been calm, infinitely reasonable and patient throughout, we were becoming quite distressed. We felt that this was not the time for staff training. We paid the reduced bill - the amount of which was still very far from clear - and were about to go when suddenly we were told that we needed to pay for a glass of milk we had ordered from room service the night before. It was explained that this was a last minute item which had therefore not been able to be included in the bill. This was inaccurate as we had received the milk nine hours previously. We explained that we now had to run to make it onto our onward flight before the gate closed. Finally, still without seeing an itemised bill, we were asked to sign a slip, which we did. There is very little opportunity to entirely clarify the situation in such circumstances. We were very distressed and not at all in a suitable state of mind to begin an eight hour flight. Indeed, we are still upset now.We understand that unexpected problems do occur sometimes. The failure of the water supply would have been forgivable had the situation been dealt with in a professional manner by the reception staff i.e. proper communication at the time of the incident and a sincere apology and a reasonable discount at check out. Surely the whole purpose of an airport hotel is to allow guests on short stopovers to have a shower, brush their teeth, use a lavatory and to begin their onward flights in plenty of time, feeling refreshed and relaxed. Professionalism demands that guests know what they are paying for and that staff be aware of problems which occurred during their stay - especially when reception staff had been notified twice that there had been a problem and on both occasions had promised to do something about it. Regrettably, the hotel utterly failed on all these counts. This incident raises many questions:How can an international airport hotel be without something as basic as water?How can reception be unaware of such a major problem as there being no water in the hotel?Is it appropriate not to keep guests informed regarding what has happened and what is going to be done about it?How can it be that a hotel does not keep a log of a major problem such as a water failure, especially after being notified twice?Surely some standardised form of recompense in the event of such a failure exists?Surely this compensation would automatically be arranged for checking out?Why was an itemised bill not prepared in advance?Is it fair to try to convince guests to pay without sight of an itemised bill?Is it fair that guests leave without an itemised bill?Is it fair that guests with ample time to reach their flight be left having to run through an airport?Is it fair that guests at a stopover hotel should depart feeling frustrated and distressed?How can we possibly recommend such a hotel to anyone else?How can we possibly consider ever staying at such a hotel again?We feel that, given our considerable inconvenience, both during the initial water failure and extremely confrontational checking-out, we were not well served by the hotel. Indeed, we feel that we are entitled to considerable further financial compensation as we were not provided with the most basic amenities for which we were paying and also to compensate for the considerable distress and inconvenience we were caused by the hotel staff. Please continue reading to see the hotel's response to our complaints.UPDATE (7 May 2009):Further to my original review above, I e-mailed the Dubai International Hotel on 9 March 2009, having returned home on 8 March, saying that I wished to make a complaint and asking how to go about doing so. The Rooms Division Manager replied and provided me with the e-mail address of the Operations Manager at the hotel. On 10 March I sent them both a detailed e-mail regarding the problems we had experienced during our stay and explaining how much distress we had suffered as a result. On 24 March, having received no response, I sent a letter of complaint to the hotel. On 7 April I still had not had any response from the hotel and sent another e-mail outlining events up to that point, pointing out that my previous e-mails and letter had been ignored, informing them of the poor review of the hotel I had written which was currently on Trip Advisor in case they were interested and explaining that if I did not hear back from them shortly I would be writing an update to said review to that effect. The next day a vague message was left on my answering machine promising to call me the following day, but - surprise, surprise - a month later and I have never heard from the hotel again. In summary, THIS HOTEL DOES NOT CARE ABOUT ITS CUSTOMERS. You should be aware that if you experience any problems during your stay at Dubai International Hotel...you're on your own!	
May 21 2009 	Overpriced and souless	I decided to book this hotel as I was due to arrive in Dubai at 2235 and leave at 0750 so decided toi book the room for 6hours to allow me to get a sleep during the lengthy layover. I decided to go and relax with a drink in the lounge before checking in and was really disappointed to find the 'lounge' was located right beside the reception area and was extremely basic souless and not at all relaxing. The room was extremely nice and bed and pillows really comfortable but too be honest I paid £116 for 6 hours use of the room and would definetly not do it again. It was way too expensive for what was on offer had the hotel been more comfortable in the public areas I might have reconsidered this but even the toilet in the bar area was dirty the lock was broken and when I enquired where the nearest toilets were I was invited to use the gents!!! I stayed hear after staying all day and night at the Kuala Lumpur airport hotel the Pan Pacific which was outstanding and cheaper. To compare the two would be like comparing a tent on a campsite to a luxury lodge at gleneagles. If the company are paying then go ahead and book this hotel but if you are paying try and get better flight times and save yourself the money and disappointment. Even the staff are as unwelcoming as the hotel is!	
Mar 13 2009 	Excellent Hotel but AC tooooo noisy	I had to fly from Milan to Calcutta with 7 hours stop in Dubai Airport. The airport is a huge shopping mall, but i needed a rest, so i decided to have a Deluxe Single Room for 5 hours (AED 470+47 taxes). Well, room are gorgeous, in green, blue and light blue colors, very relaxing, spaciousness, with all kind of amenities and comforts inside: iron, tea/coffe maker, bathrobe, there is also a carpet for the muslim prayers....The only problem is that AC, i can't believe it is sooo noisy, and i had problem in turning it off...so actually i had no rest at all. Beside from that, some workers have been hammering in some rooms next to mine (#2303), cause i've been earing that noise for 5 hours long.....so what can i say: the hotel is simply beautiful, with Spa inside, but the porpouse of my staying was sleeping and I haven't been able to rest at all....NEXT TIME DONT FORGET TO BRING SOME EAR PLUGS. The price I paid for 5 hours is not cheap at all, but we are in Dubai....AND THIS IS THE RULE....	
Jan 23 2009 	A great option for morning flights or transit passengers	The Dubai International Hotel Dubai Airport is only an option for one of two kinds of passengers:1) Passengers in transit between two flights who have a long layover;2) Passengers who have morning flights to destinations other than the USAThe reason it is so limited is that it is in the terminal past check-in and passport control. In other words, the only way to get to the hotel is to be either a transit passenger or to have already checked in. Thus when you stay at this hotel you will not have any checked baggage.Emirates airlines and possibly some other airlines allow passengers to check in up to 24 hours in advance of their flight PROVIDED IT IS NOT A FLIGHT TO THE USA.The hotel charges by the hour and its prices worked out to about $25 US per hour for a double room or just under $300 for 12 hours.In our case, we were in Abu Dhabi and had an early morning flight out from Dubai and the hotel was a great option. We just packed toiletries and the clothes we would need the next day in our carry-on bags, arrived at the terminal the night before the flight, checked our bags, went thru passport control and checked into the hotel. The next morning we got up 1.5 hours before check in and had the most unhurried check in ever (after all we had no bags to check, no further security clearances to deal with, no nothing).A few words about the hotel itself:The hotel is really three hotels with a centralized booking agent. Each hotel has its own entrance in the terminal and its own reception and bar area and there is no way to walk between them except thru the public areas of the Terminals. There is a hotel in Terminal 1 (which is connected to terminal 3 by escalators) and there are two hotels, East and West in Terminal 3 (which is the new terminal where Emirates flys in and out of). Unless you have a problem walking it doesn't really matter which part of the hotel you stay in. One reviewer said the rooms and pool in Terminal 1 are nicer. We stayed in Terminal 3 because that's where our flight was leaving from and we weren't gong to use the pool. I can't imagine anyone staying long enough to use the pool but who knows. It's a cute small pool and there is a gym. I think you can request any part of the hotel and if it's available they will give it to you. The crowd in Terminal 3 is better and cleaner. You'll understand what I mean by this when you see the people camped out in terminal 1 on what are obviously very long layovers. I assume many of them are the workers who actually build Dubai.The Terminals while large are not unmanagable. It takes about 15 min to walk from the end of Terminal 3 to the end of Terminal 1 and again the only baggage you will have are your carry-ons.The rooms in the Terminal 3 hotel are 5 star minimalist and modern. That is to say they have everything you would expect in a five star hotel except luxury. They are clean, decent and kind of cool looking, they have huge windows and have plenty of space considering you won't have any baggage other than your carry-ons with you. The mini bar is well stocked, the TV offers a lot of channels and movies.On the other hand, there is no internet in the rooms. This is a big defect and they should fix it. The hotel has free WiFi in reception and they give you 1 hour's free use of the business center computer in addition. The hotel bars at least in Terminal 3 are not happening places. Another way to put it is that they are basically dead and do not really invite hanging out in.The hotel itself, at least in Terminal 3, does not have any eating options other than room service. The picture they show of their restaurant is really just the buffet in Terminal 1. We did not try room service but it may well be the best option if you are not a first class or business class passenger on Emirates. Dubai airport apparently has decent food in its first and business class lounges for Emirates but surprisingly it has zero upscale or even decent or healthy options for anyone else. There are two buffet restaurants (one in each terminal) and the food they offer is uninspired and barely above fast food level. In fact fast food may well be the better option, at least it tastes good. Both buffet restaurants are ghost towns. There is an Irish bar with equally inedible food. We considered the processed fried cheese filled jalapeno peppers a great improvement over their &quot;home cooked&quot; foods and salads.We think the hotel is a great option for anyone in transit or with an early morning flight provided you are allowed to check in for your flight the night before. The rooms are quite comfortable and the hassle free no worries walk from room to flight can't be beat; especially in Dubai where traffic can cause huge delays getting to the airport. However, if you are not a transit passenger, either eat before you arrive or try the room service or just call it a fast food night.	
Jan 7 2009 	Excellent rooms mediocre staff	Stayed for a 10-hour transit. Upon booking you specify the hours but the rate does not differ for 8 to 12 hours, and anyhow I did not prepay. Still when my plane was 30 mins early the check-in initially told that I'd have to WAIT those 30 mins before being allowed into the room. Luckily 5 mins later a supervisor walked in and cleared the matter.About the room (old terminal) nothing but praise. Very spacious, perfect beds, large bathroom etc. etc. Room service for a quick lunch was again slow but good, tasteful, food. Had no time to try gym/pool but they too looked okay.	
Dec 17 2008 	Overpriced Facilities	We have stayed in this hotel a number of times in the past while transitting through Dubai airport. This time we were travelling through the new terminal 3. The terminal does not live up to all the hype. The inbound flight parked at a terminal 1 gate, involving a long walk into terminal 3 to get though the security. The outbound was also from terminal 1, involving a long walk back!We found the sign for the hotel (east wing) in teminal 3. There was also a sign to hotel (west wing). The east wing reception was not very efficient, with a trainee on duty, alone. After about 20 minutes queueing we completed the registration process and were given a room in the west wing. That involved a further 5-10 minute walk.Having stayed in the 'old' hotel in terminal 1 previously I had some expectations. These are definitely not met in the new hotel. Despite being advertised as a luxury hotel the room is really little more than a good budget hotel room, at luxury prices.I know that the terminal and the hotel are new but the hotel is not yet ready for use. There was complementary water in the room, but the tea making facility was missing.If you have an option, try to get your room in the terminal 1 hotel, the rooms are significantly better in quality, value, etc.	
Nov 24 2008	decent hotel for the travelers soul	I stayed at the Dubai International Hotel for a couple of days with my siblings. It had a very homey and welcoming atmosphere even if its located inside the airport. The rooms were immaculately clean and they have the most comfy beds ever. I overslept and almost missed my next flight! Good thing that the hotel was near gate 111 otherwise I would have to book for another night. Very convenient for travelers. Not cheap ($30/hr) but worth every penny.	
Oct 18 2008 	Overpriced	Perhaps my expectations were too high but for a 5 star hotel in Dubai this hotel was underwhelming! 5 star price for a 3 star hotel.	
Feb 12 2008	Great way to break a long journey	We have now stayed at the Dubai International Hotel twice. If you have to stopover in Dubai it really is a very good way to break the journeyRooms are clean and comfortable and whilst not particularly cheap they represent good value . There is fruit in the room and really nice fluffy towels, toiletries etc. Service is excellent - e.g non allergenic pillows and blankets produced at one in the morning. The spa and gym look good but only carrying hand baggage I have never been able to use them.	
Feb 10 2008 	Great Hotel	We took an 8 hour stay in the hotel while on transit in Dubai to proceed on holiday. The stay was excellent though for a short time. Everything about the hotel was excellent including the rooms, the service the food, the pool the jacuzzi. It was such a memorable experience for me and my family.	
Jan 2 2008 	Convenient hotel hourly	I have now stayed at the Dubai International Hotel in the Dubai International airport 4 times. Each time I have found the accomodation and staff excellent. The convenience of not having to go through customs and baggage and just going to the transfer desk, 2 hours before departure - to me is far more convenient than staying in Dubai itself. If you are transitting this is a perfect choice to sleep or rest at. The rooms are very clean and modern. Fruit bowls and bottled water and no aircraft noise to be heard. Infact we could hear our neighbours wake up call more than anything else in this busy hub. Check in and check out is quick and effecient. Room service was good value and quick.Make sure you book in adviance as the hotel books out quickly at night and the lobby is usually strewn with people sleeping on the lounges.	
Nov 21 2007 	amazing right in middle of airport	such a good little hotel right above the departures/arrivals lounge in the middle of the airport. very easy when making a transfer in dubai and you want to get some sleep for a few hours or longer. great modern rooms, one of the most comfy beds I have ever had in a hotel. free water and fruit in the room. great bathroom amenities. take ear plugs if you are sensitive to noise as you might just hear some of the flight announcements from the airport, but this really did not bother me.total luxury of staying right in the hotel and being minutes / seconds walk from the airport shopping, lounges and gates.price by the hour which is good, but for around 8 hours about the same cost as a 4-5 star in Dubaiwill stay again.	
Sep 28 2007	Pricey but worth it	Decided to use the Hotel to manage my 8 hour stop over in Dubai on a return journey.The whole experience was fantastic....the staff were very efficient and friendly, the room was amazing (vey luxurious with toiletries, fruit, coffee and tea making facilities and very, very quiet - what you need if you fly economy like me).The only negative side was the price but you need to weigh it up over sitting on hard chairs at best, lying on floors at worst and based on how long your connection time is.For me it was well worth it and I would use it again.	
Aug 18 2007	Fantastic for a few hours!	Sounds funny - pay by the hour for a hotel. But this is what all airports shuld have and it offers an excellent respite between flights... Excellent room, in the terminal, so no need to go through customs. Take ear plugs, as you can hear all the flight announcements and then the call to prayer starts early!	
Jul 9 2007 	Escape the Madness of Dubai Airport	I have used this hotel twice in the last year as a place to spend a five hour stopover. I booked it directly at ([--]).It is worth booking in advance as it is often full. The cost is slightly less than you would pay for a full overnight stay in a Dubai 5 star hotel. The facilities are great with rooms stocked with toiletries to pamper yourself in your private bathroom during your stay. Dubai Airport is so overcrowded these days its the only way you can be sure of getting a decent sleep. Deposit your bags in the room and go for a stroll round duty free and then back for a sleep. Pop out after your sleep for a coffee and then back for a shower and straight on to your connecting flight.	
Mar 14 2007	Good Sleep!	We were returning from Bangkok to Malta and had a 8 hour stop over in Bangkok. So we decided last minute to use the hotel and just walked in to enquire about a room.The hotel is situated right in the terminal and you do not have to leave the airport.Check-in seemed slow but took no more than 10 mins including waiting time but it seemed longer as we were tired.We had flown business class on the new emirates plane and had the fully flat reclining bed but we were still eager for a real bed and a good sleep before the next factor.The hotel was very expensive around USD$290 for 6 hours for a twin room. That equates to $1200 per room per night.I think it is best to look at booking this hotel ahead especially if you want to use it more than just a couple of hours.We were shown up to the room by a porter and were very pleased to find that our room was totally soundproofed. Quite large hotel room, very large bathroom, bathrobes, slippers, lots of products and towels in the bathroom and a big LCD TV.We simply showered got into bed and slept for around 5 hours. My partner woke 30 mins earlier than I did to use the hotel pool and do a few laps.I woke up made some coffee which is supplied free as well as a fruit basked, showered again and then dressed to leave.We walked outside and remembered where we were right in the terminal and saw all of the people trying to sleep on benches and the floor and suddenly the money we had spent did not look that extravagant.I would not bother with it for just a couple of hours but it is good for when you have longer stopovers and if you can afford it!	
Feb 23 2007 	decent place for a nap	actually I was a walk in customer, the hotel is very conveniently located (3rd floor of the transit terminal, 2nd fl are the departure gates and 1st floor duty free)paid about US$40 per hour (this was during the low usage hours already) and stayed for 3the check in desk was quite inefficient for the price they charge, they had 3 behind the desk and it took over 5 minutes for someone to help me even though there was only one other couple in line ahead of myselfI did feel sorry for the girl behind the desk when she told me that she was finally going home for a holiday and has not seen her family for two days.the rooms are clean and mine had a view over one of the airport restaurants, the basket of fruits looked tempting but I conked out immediately for a few precious hours of sleep in a real bedin sum, not a bad place if you have a long transit, beats wandering the shops or passing out on a chair elsewhere in the terminal p.s. the Dubai airport is very modern but also very very busy, this was my 2nd time there and I have a feeling they are running out of capacity coz there are other pockets of inefficiencies unexpected of an airport like Dubai's	
Oct 4 2006 	Great but expensive	Great place to stay if you are tight on time and need to sleep. Easy access, good facilities. Only problem is the cost - you need a big wallet if you wish to stay here.	
Feb 2 2009 	????????????		
