Sep 2 2009 	Shocking Service - It's gone downhill	This is my 4th stay at this Hotel over the last 18 months. When it was The Chelsea it offered good value for money. Since it's take over the service ( Reception, managment and some restaurants) has gone downhill dramatically. The reception staff are just rude and unhelful. It took 5 phone calls and 3 hours to get a cable to use the internet. Drinks and food have soared in price, ( we eat more chaply at the 5* Radisson ). The only good part is the indian restaurant where food and service are excellent.	
Sep 2 2009 	Give this one a miss - 3 star hotel with appalling customer service	My company has been using this hotel for some time now (since back when it was the Chelsea Hotel) and this time will most definitely be the last! Considering it's Ramadan at the moment and the hotel is dead - the staff still get irritated by the smallest request or question because they just don't want to do anything to make your stay pleasant. They almost snarl at you everytime you ask them something!* The food is outrageously expensive and mostly inedible - we went into the Radisson Blu at Deira Creek and the food and alcohol was cheaper and fantastic!* If you can get onto the internet it's intermittant.* If you request a non-smoking room they will always try to put you into a smoking room (so just jump up and down a little and they will give in - they try it every single time!! However, on this occasion they also put us into standard twin rooms when we booked delux doubles just for their own amusement)* The noise from the extremely smokey bar downstairs will keep you awake all night - so don't forget the earplugs!* The reception staff and duty managers have to be the most obnoxious people I have ever come across in the hospitality industry (the waiting staff and cleaners are actually quite nice)* Management don't seem to give a toss if you're having a nice stay (they don't believe in the &quot;customer is always right&quot; theory)* We asked for a recommendation for a hotel close by that was serving food and alcohol (as it's ramadan there weren't many), they put us in a taxi and told the driver where to take us. It was only when we realised that he seemed to be driving for an extremely long time we asked where he was taking us and turns out we were heading for an expensive resort (Jumeirah Meridan) that was half an hour away!! We later worked out that they get a kick back from that resort as they also send guests there to use their beach (we only found that out when we went to use the pool and it was closed!).* The mini bar snacks are all out of date and overpriced - if you can even get the staff to top it up (mine was only done 2 out of 5 mornings on this trip)* There is NOTHING close to this hotel. If you want to do anything at all you need to get a taxi - yes, I know that the taxis are cheap but there are other areas you can stay where you can walk to other facilities that are close by.So basically - DON'T STAY HERE UNLESS YOU HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO OTHER OPTION!! IT MAY BE CHEAP BUT YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!!	
Aug 21 2009 	Excellent service the staff could not do enough to please us.	We found the hotel to be of an excellent standard considering the price we paid. The hotel has a number of restaurants and bars downstairs, which meant that we did not have to go out if we didn't want to.My friend had a lovely massage in the roof top spa and I enjoyed getting my nails done in the downstairs salon.The area is still being built up, so there is not a lot to do in the immediate vicinity, however the bell boy and reception staff are more than happy to organise a taxi on request.The tourist desk made it easy to arrange excursions. We would definitely stay here again.	
Jun 7 2009 	very bad hotel	terrible hotelbad food terrible sevicenot worth staying	
Apr 17 2009 	Excellent value	The rating given has to be set in the context of the (for Dubai) excellent pricing and reasonable location. This is a hotel that you choose when spending you own money rather than the company's. Rooms are spacious and reasonably well equipped although bathrooms are rather small. Wardrobes OK but few drawers. Channel choice on satellite TV limited. Breakfast included in room rate is not bad, especially when you consider the room rate itself. Pool on roof small. Gym very good for a property of this size/price. Apart from breakfast, meals taken at hotel limited to the sports bar - food reasonable, drink prices ditto, band..... enough said. Would ceratinly recommend to friends as a decent 3-Star and a good price.	
Mar 21 2009 	Too much noise / bad location	This hotel is not bad, and the rooms are actually fine. However, there are 2 BIG problems. 1. The location is bad. Although its in the middel of all the major things / experiences, there is really nothing close to the hotel. It is located in an industrial area, and you have to take taxi to all sites . There no restaurants within walking distance. 2. The biggest problem is noise. There are 4 bars / disco´s in the hotel. You can hear music ALL night (until 03.00). In addition you can also hear the sound of the elevator all night. So remember sleepingpills if you are going here.	
Feb 11 2009 	Good service in a pleasant mid-range hotel	I stayed in this hotel in Jan 2009. The location is okay since you have to use taxis anyway wherever you stay in Dubai. Perhaps it would be good if it was close to something that wasn't a taxi ride away but of course you would pay for that. The best thing about this hotel would be the friendliness of the staff. Each of them never failed to say 'morning, sir', 'afternoon, sir' or similar whenever encountered. Similarly, in the very nice health club they were falling over themselves to offer me a towel, point me in the direction of the showers or even wipe my sweat off the treadmill when I finished my workout! The pool on the roof is also very nice - long enough to do lengths plus space for sunbathers too.I was lucky enough to get a room upgrade owing to my field of employment (travel industry) so I can't comment on the value for money of a basic room. Needless to say, my room was very large and pleasant.Overall, I would recommend this hotel as a safe bet although it is only a mid-range hotel so not likely to blow your socks off in a 5-star sense. I should add this is the only hotel I've used in Dubai so I'm not able to give a comparison against the market.	
Nov 16 2008 	Change of name was surprise	Having read reports on this site on this hotel we were very concerned when we arrived in Dubai but we found the hotel to be good value for money. Our room was clean and spacious, the staff were very welcoming and nothing was too much trouble for them, they were very helpful. There was no difficulty getting taxis, the hotel was reasonably close to the airport and within a few minutes taxi journey of shopping malls.The name change was a difficulty as some taxi drivers did not recognise the new name (was the Chelsea Hotel). This was rectified by the hotel giving us a card with the name and a small map.Overall a very friendly hotel and we would definitely stay there again.	
