Oct 13 2009 	Safe friendly and clean	I travelled on a business trip and spent three days in this hotel. The staff were very friendly and the room was clean and functional. It was great to have a kitchen area with fridge freezer and microwave. The breakfast and room service were both good. I also used the swimming pool, which was very clean and had a member of staff on hand so also felt well looked after. As a woman travelling alone I felt very safe while staying in the hotel as it had more of a feeling of an apartment block.	
Oct 8 2009	Very comfortable	The place was very comfortable. I stayed with my wife for 4 days. Large studio apartment, very clean , well furnished unobtrusive service. Very good breakfast spread. Good location. Walking distance to Metro station and city centre mall. Excellent value for money. Only one caution book a taxi in advance during peak hours.Recommended for families.	
Sep 28 2009 	Very spacious clean and well located hotel	Thankyou for a very enjoyable stay. The apartment was spacious, clean and comfortable. The location was good and close to the amenities we required.	
Sep 27 2009 	Feel at Home!	I stayed Star Boutique with my friends for 1 week and enjoyed staying there. What I was impressed were friendly and helpful staff, high ceiling in room, fully equipped kitchen. I can live there, feeling comfortable. To go to the main tour attractions such as Jumeilah beach, Mall of Emirates, Burj Dubai would be a bit far from the hotel and it requires taxi ride for about 30 mins average and Star Boutique is not well-known by local taxi drivers, so that it is hard to explain whereabouts and come back. But it is very very close to Dubai Airport, which is good and convinient.Although Star Boutique has a little difficulty for accesibility, I would come back here next time I stay in Dubai!	
Aug 20 2009	OUR HOME AT DUBAI	We enjoyed the stay .No disturbance at all.proper responce.COOPERATIVE STAFF WITH SMILE.My family members (3) want to stay there for months .THANKS.	
Jun 8 2009 	Clean and Sophisticated	Our family experienced staying in Star boutique was remarkable; it was spacious 2 +1 bedroom with huge living room and complete amenities kitchenette. The color combination is just right yellow and dark brown looks classy.	
May 16 2009 	Comfort at its best	I found the facility to be comfortable and significant in terms of locaiton. good service as well. Its near the city center and rite next to the Maktoum bridge which makes it easier to go towards Abu dhabi. I like the view form the pool side, which was my favourite spot, very relaxing and a perfect place to have evening tea ans a smoke at. The staff was very supportive and helpful.	
Nov 4 2008 	Overall a Good Place to Stay at!	The hotel is great, very close to the Dubai City Centre, which is a walking distance from here.I booked a double room with breakfast. The room was very nice. I am particular about the washroom and this hotel has a very good, spacious, well lit washroom. The staff at their restaurant is very helpful. The pool facility is average and so is the gym and steam/sauna facility. They need to replace their Gym Manager right away. Not at all co-operative and it took him half an hour to provide us with a soap/shower gel, and in the end it turned out to be a shampoo tube!Also the concierge are not very friendly, and they dampen the overall experience of the stay.The room service is good, and quick.It is a little tricky to reach this hotel, and the cab drivers too are not much aware how to reach there, Its right in front of Clock Tower,yet so away!Overall a good experience, the proximity to some of Dubai's Best shopping places is the best + point.	
Aug 12 2008 	Convenient Location Great Staff	I stay in Dubai at least 2 nights every 2-3 months for work due to the lay over at the airport. I have stayed at a handful of hotels and now Star Boutique is my staple. The staff has always been extremely accomdating and friendly to me. One stay last month my mother was going to be coming into Dubai a day prior to my arrival and I had a gift for her, I asked the receptionist to hold for her and give it to her when she arrived in 2 weeks. They were more than happy to help, my mother arrived and was given her present with no worries, she didn't even have to ask for it - they had it noted on her reservation. The rooms are emmaculate, similar to more expensive hotels such as Trader's and SAS Radisson close by, but at less than half the price. And the others do not give you a kitchenette and washer and dryer. The studio is fine for one person, but for about $30 more you can have a 1 bedroom apartment with 2 TVs, 1 1/2 bath in some, and much more room. The hotel is with in walking distance to Deira City Center where you will find a WalMart type supermarket, upscale mall, Restaurants and Starbucks, and Movie Theater with American and other local movies. The airport is a $10 cap ride from the airport and $5 from the hotel (the cabbie charges a premium to get picked up from the airport). Staff will scedule you a taxi or take you in the hotel car for same price. Never had any complaints and will continue to stay there as often as I need to go thru Dubai. Can't beat the price and location for short or long stays.	
May 14 2008 	Horrible Service with a smile.	While the front desk may smile, they are greedy and absolutely useless. I stayed for a week, and purchased a $6 (one hour) internet card one evening, and it worked for two hours, and then stopped working. After 4 representatives, including the manager, they did not want to credit me for the $6 card. I was with a group of 20+ and we were spending 18thousand upward for our stay, and they refused to credit me for the smallest of items. But they did continue to smile through the whole process. The room cleaning was very bad. The room was never cleaned until about 4 or 5pm and always below standard. The location is crummy, far away from everything, and next to impossible to get a taxi. Stay away from this hotel if you can.	
Apr 19 2008 	Superb value for a great hotel	I stayed for just one night but would have happily stayed much longer. Check-in at 2:00am was fast and efficient and I found the staff to be very helpfut. The hotel is owned by the developer ETA Star, so if their hotel is indicative of the standard of their real estate developments, that bodes well for people buying apartments in Dubai.The hotel opened in May 2007. The room was very modern and tastefully done. It was a fully equipped studio with very high ceilings and probably the best bathroom I've had in a hotel ever. The kitchenette looked to be superbly equipped, although I didn't stay long enough to use the facilities. Toiletries in the bathroom were again excellent and more wide-ranging (disposable toothbrush etc) than any other hotel I've stayed in - and as we usually stay 4 or 5 star that's saying something. My room overlooked the construction site, but noise levels were minimal. What I really liked were blackout curtains behind the main curtains so I slept until late.Breakfast was only AED45 and again was a good spread in a tasteful restaurant.I thoroughly recommend this hotel.	
Dec 19 2007 	Nice Hotel but...	Trip Advisor member, Key West, FloridaI stayed in the Star Boutique on business from the 7th to the 12th of December 2007. The hotel is very nice and at the clocktower intersection, is close to a lot of things in Dubai (my case the courthouse). Views from the apartment bacloneys of Dubai Creek are nice. What was very strange and frustrating was that their key system apparently did not work. I had to get a bell person to open the door each time I came and went. The staff seem to be professional and trained well, but are a bit inflexible on most things - not really wanting to accomodate guests. They are friendly enough, but I never really got that warm feeling I like to have when traveling so far from home. Don't think I would stay there again.	
Nov 5 2007	Stunning rooms with terrible service	LOCATION: Good location for sight seeing but will need an inexpensive taxi (usually US$5 to US$10 dollars to most places . All hotels will require a taxi to other malls or sites so it’s best to be by a beach or mall. 5 minute walk to Deira city center mall that has all the comforts of home (food, clothing, upscale restaurants, food court, etc.). Definitely feels like you are staying in a commercial park with tall buildings all around, but I think that is the way most of Dubai feels.BED/SHEETS/PILLOW: Extremely comfortable bed with high quality linens. Pillows were way too thick, but thinner, down pillows are available on request.LIGHTING: Just a tad too dark in the bedrooms and the hallways are way too dark. Bathroom lighting was excellent.BATHROOM/SHOWER: Absolutely stunning. This will impress even the most seasoned and discriminating traveler. It will be one of the nicest bathroom you’ve ever seen. Very masculine décor and color. Great water pressure and consistent water temperature (be sure to flip the switch on the wall for the water heater). Only complaint is they use a shower curtain.TOILETRIES: Great. Probably the kind you want to take home.CLEANLINESS: The entire room, hotel, and bathroom was spotless.A/C: Just a tad louder than we would have preferred, but very effective in cooling the room quickly.CLOSET SPACE: Tons of space for 2 to unpack everything.STYLE OF ROOM: Stunning. The room is absolutely gorgeous. We were blown away, especially with the one bedroom vs. studio. Both rooms have washer/dryer, burners, microwave, toaster, and larger than normal refrigerator for a hotel room.QUIET/LIGHT: The room was very quiet even though construction is right outside the hotel, like nearly all hotels in Dubai. Lighting in the bedroom and bathroom was great.FOOD: Only had cereal. They have a breakfast buffet with some meats and cereals, but you can pay a la carte. There is also an ice cream cart in the lobby that also has muffins and croissants. A one minute walk away is a convenience store to load up on food to cook in your room or put in the refrigerator. TV/INTERNET: Flat screen TV was of good size but just a little too far from the bed (in the studio, and from the couch in the 1 bedroom). Wired and wireless internet is available in the rooms for US$5 for one hour of continuous use of US$27 for 24 hours of continuous use. You can not log out and save minutes for later consumption. The internet here is way too expensive. We were told they were going to allow guests to log out and save their minutes for later. There is also a computer for guest use in the lobby with the same charges.SERVICE: This is the area that makes this hotel terrible. Some requests would only be made after several calls. Sometimes when calling reception, the phone would ring 10 times before an answer. We were charged for 2 days of breakfast when we only ate their one day. They had a signed bill from someone else, clearly different from mine and it was a very long process to get it removed, as if they didn’t believe me. The staff is very nice but very incompetent and powerless. Even the managers have absolutely no power. Our washing machine broke the morning we left and we left the hotel carrying wet clothes, had an extra charge on our bill on our breakfast, and all the management said is they will take care of us next time. I asked how, and he said he will make us happy. I cancelled our already booked room for 3 days later right in front of the manager and he did nothing. Too much detail here but this is a major issue with this hotel. The concierge here was a former tour guide and is excellent and helping plan your trip, I strongly encourage meeting with him when you arrive.COMMON AREA: The lobby is nice but does not reflect the incredible rooms above. The pool is very clean and is surprising staffed to provide towels and drinks. Hallways to the rooms were way too dark. Hotel has a hip “W”-ish style to it.TIPS: It was great buying popcorn at the convenience store and being able to make it in the room with the microwave and watch movies. If you can live with the incompetent staff, you will be very impressed by the rooms. The one bedroom option here could be in the fanciest hotel in the US and you will still be impressed. If you can afford the upgrade, definitely book it. Please check my other hotels listed in case you are nervous about there only being one review on tripadvisor. If the service was better this would be a 5* review.	
Nov 24 2009 	Entspricht eher einem besseren Drei-Sterne-Hotel		
Oct 15 2009 	???????		
