	great hotel lovely view from your bedroom	I stayed in this hotel in May with friends,The staf were all nice and very polite,the swimming pool was lovely but to get the afternoon sun you have to move around.The breakfast was lovely ,the bar was dull there was the same live group on every night.The hotel was in walking distance to the souks and the creek was accross the road from the hotel .There was a great variety of shops close by but to go to the big shopping malls you would need too get a taxi which are very cheap. i would recommend this hotel to my family or friends	
Nov 13 2009 	Great value for money in Dubai	Very well located for Dubai Creek and the airport. If you are considering visiting 'Old' Dubai then this hotel is excellent. Modern, a variety of very good restaurants, we tried four of them: all excellent., Great pool and leisure facilities, and the service is first class. we are very discerning and were concerned at some of the fancy prices being asked for in Dubai. This hotel 'filed the gap' perfectly and we will stay again. Standard rooms are great value for money, and you can loose your partner in the massive and comfortable bed! Most of 'old' Dubai is walkable or a 1 Dirham water taxi away.	
Nov 1 2009 	Friendly efficient and very comfortable.	We stayed at the Radisson twice in October on our travels to Cape Town.The staff were extremely helpful in organising dinner arrangements and booking tours.They assisted with endless questions.The accomodation was very comfortable and it is positioned in such a way that you can walk to the Souks or jump on the train to go to the Mall of The Emirates.Taxi`s were always available.We will definitely stay there in the future.Freda Watermeyer.	
Oct 28 2009 	excellent hotel with professional staff	we stayed at this hotel for ten nights and enjoyed excellent service from the staff and management. we booked the Royal Club room on the eight floor and used the lounge which was located on the tenth floor for having breakfast and free drinks and beverages throughout the day. The staff and management in the club lounge ( which by the way had fantastic views of the creek) were so kind and professional. For my son's third birthday which happened to be while we were in Dubai, they provided a very nice chocolate cake and some baloons. We used the laundry service in a couple of occasions and found the service amazing. the hotels location is central and easy to access many key places such as the souks and shops. However, if you want a beach holiday, this will not be ideal hotel and well away from Jumairah beach. We also used the newly built Dubai Metro which again gives you access to shopping malls such as City Centre and Mall of Emirates. There is a station within walking distance of the hotel.	
Oct 8 2009 	Excellent Value - offered all our family required	We (family of 4) stayed 6 nights in late Sept 09. This hotel was a great option for us - largely because of price and location. Whilst not 'resorty', it has a good pool area and is in a great location. The rooms were plenty large enough for us (had adjoining rooms). We were in Dubai for business and leisure - so the hotel ticked a lot of boxes.Cost:50 GBP or 100 AUD a night per room - outstanding value in this often overpriced city.Rooms:We had adjoining rooms (1 king &amp; 2 singles). Rooms were spacious, clean and each had a balcony overlooking the creek - excellent for sunsets and drying clothes.A bonus is the Radissons' free internet in all rooms - and free wireless in public areas.Also had complimentary fruit, bottled water and newspaper each day.Service:Housekeeping were excellent and very attentive. Reception, Concierge, Pool and door staff were always helpful and friendly.Security did a good job keeping the 'working girls' out.Food:There is a shop on the ground floor which is a good option - it offers pastries, baguettes and desserts - all at reasonable prices, so if you don't feel like a restaurant meal its great.We ate poolside - great club sandwich.Room service - reasonable enough in price, but fairly bland.Walking distance is Choi Thram supermarket - very cheap for drinks and snacks for the kids.Location:Right on the creek in Deira. Great views. Walking distance to abra station to get across the creek (highly recommended). Close to Gold and Spice souks.Transport:There is a water bus station 100m to the left, an Abra station 400m to the right, metro (Union Square) approx 500m. Plenty of Taxis.	
Sep 28 2009 	pleasant but with blemishes	We stayed at this Hotel for one night as a romantic getaway. We had a lovely time but there were a few blemishes. The highlight was a wonderful meal at the fish Marketplace. Really beautifully prepared fish that we got to select ourselves, along with lovely service and a great view of Dubai Creek made for the beginnings of a memorable evening.I also really liked the shoe shine I got from a highly skilled and very committed shoe shiner in the lobby.Another thing to be enjoyed is the level 10 Jazz bar where we were entertained by a genuinely talented piano based duo. We also enjoyed a lovely breakfast that was somewhat sullied by a bullying Italian supervisor.Things we found disappointing about our room were the tiny, old TV and that we had requested a non smoking room and got put in a smoking room. Reading through the reviews these are common complaints. You would think that a 5 star Hotel would have done something about them, by now.Another thing to be mentioned was the ubiquitous &quot;working girls&quot; in all the bars we went in. It gave a sleazy undertone to the evening out. Although, I must admit it was quite amusing watch all these 40 + men being bedazzled by these 30 - women. Still, prostitutes are so common in Dubai that perhaps I shouldn't single the Radisson out.All in all, we had a lovely time, but I don't think I would take our kids there. Adults only. If you are at all prudish it is probably best you stay in your room and watch the tiny, old TV.	
Sep 27 2009 	unbelievable value in a very expensive city	I found this hotel on the internet and because I had stayed in Dubai many times I was aware of its facilities and location. It is a a short ride from the airport (app £5) and is situated on the old town side of the creek on the edge of the Deira district. The building is impressive and looks directly on to the creek below with most rooms with balconies getting a fantastic view. Even though I arrived at 8am from London I was warmly received at reception and an given an unsolicited upgrade to Royal club which was most welcome and set the mood for my short stay. The hotel, like most in Dubai of this standard, is well presented with excellent staff and facilities well above the standards we expect back home. There is a good variety of restaurants and bars in the hotel and a nice pool area. The surrounding area is very much old town with Dhows all along the creek offering night trips with meals and entertainment which are great value. Not far are the souks if you want something different from the generic shopping malls. It can be a bit disconcerting at first, when walking locally as there are a great many migrant male workers about always stnding around in large groups and very few females, excepting tourists but the area as of most of Dubai is safe and crime free. It is well placed if you want something other than to lie around a pool or beach on Jumeirah and is a good stopover for business. I would see no reason to recomend it for families or romantic getaways as there are far better choices but you really do get top value for money at the Radisson and there is some good live entertainment in house so no need to go far. My only reservation was bar prices which are always a shock in Dubai hotels but market forces have dictated these and If people continue to pay them then they will continue to rise. I would have been happy to stay longer and order more in the bars but felt that I could not justify paying, for example £6.60 for a pint of draught. However, Dubai hotels, restaurants and clubs etc, still set the standard that others fail to achieve in more established cities and this should be borne in mind when the bar bill arrives because everthing else is amazing value.	
Sep 19 2009 	loved this hotel would stay here again	Stayed here on a visit from nearby Qatar where we live. Have stayed in various dubai locations but i must say this is now my favourite. Booked the club room at the hotel for 2 nights and emailed the hotel to be picked up from the airport by their driver. This service is included in the club rooms and often can be booked for a small addition to a standard room. The hotel were very quick and professional in replying to several emails i sent. We were picked up in a very nice car, driver had cool towels and bottled water all complimentary. The club floor has its own check in so dont go to the main reception but up to the club room. The club lounge is amazing and very luxurious. Check in was great and they sat us down and offered us free drinks. very professional.The room was a bit small for 2 adults and 2 kids (reminded me of NYC hotel rooms) but was ok for 2 nights. There was a tassimo style coffee maker in the room with a selection of complimentary coffees. There was also a mini bar. The room overlooked the creek and had a small balcony with a table and 2 chairs. The view was amazing and it was great looking at the boats going up and down the creek. The club floor by day has complimentary soft drinks and coffee with afternoon tea served. In the evening they had canapes and 2 hours of complimentary alcohol. We have 2 kids and during these 2 hours kids were not allowed inside the main club room. However, there is a really nice side room where the kids are allowed which has 2 computers with free internet and is viewed by the reception so you feel safe knowing the kids are happy and safe. We could see them from the little booth we had overlooking the creek.The breakfast was very good quality and included in the room rate. We ate in the Italian restaurant which was normal hotel quality. Drinks were a bit pricey but this is a 5 star hotel. Outside you could walk across to the Creek. There was vallet parking which was complimentary. It was about 12 dhs(£2) in a taxi to the deira city mall but there is a free shuttle that goes to the radisson. We just got a cab but apparantly if there is large queues for cabs in the mall it can be easy to get the shuttle. Would i stay here again. yes most definately probably will go again before the end of the year but think its worth upgrading to the club room esp since a soda was 20dhs.the outside pool is nice and is shaded by the building which is good in the heat.	
Sep 19 2009 	Glad we booked this Hotel	After staying on the beach for the past 5yrs we decided to go for the creek,so glad we did the hotel is in a great location &amp; the views of the creek were excellent, our room was lovely &amp; kept spotless the staff could'nt do enough for youAll staff from check in room service bar staff &amp; pool attendants were pleasant &amp; helpfull,the breakfast buffet was good &amp; for it being a busy hotel we were never rushed it was soooo laid back,The Marbles bar has an excellent band on most nights &amp; gets very busy the british style pub is also good &amp; has a good choice of bar meals,all in all a great holiday &amp; were going back next year...	
Sep 17 2009 	LOCATION CONVENIENCE VIEW	After staying at any one of the Four Points here before, I decided to give the Raddison a try. Good move on my part. This hotel is less than 10 minutes from the airport (don't pay more than 30aed). The location on the creek is excellent with shops and restaurants all within an easy walk. The rooms all have a small lanai facing the creek. They don't have a clock in them which I found strange. Some other posters said the rooms are small, but I found the size just right. I have stayed in lot smaller rooms before and paid a lot more. The staff is friendly and knowlegable. FREE BROADBAND IN THE ROOM AND WIFI IN THE LOBBY. Unlike other hotels who nickle and dime their customers, this is a great deal. That was the dealmaker for me. Plan on staying here for all future trips.	
Sep 6 2009 	Weekend break in Dubai	Upgraded booking to Royal Club Class, which was a bargain through Expedia. Room was ok, king size bed was really good. Staff were lovely and helpful and we were made to feel special in the Royal Club Class lounge and in the hotel generally. The upgrade meant breakfast, afternoon tea and evening snacks and drinks which were all well received. Hotel is based in the old town over looking the Creek, not far from the old souq's but still needed a taxi to get there and back as it was very very hot. It is cheaper to get taxi on the street than to use the ones outside the front of hotel. We visited the Dubai Mall and the Mall of the Emirates which are amazing. The Dubai metro opens up in September 2009 which may help with getting around the city.	
Aug 20 2009 	old dubai location	the previoius reviewers accurately reflect the old dubai intercontinental, built in 1975, the hotel is exceptionally well maintained, all rooms are very comfortable, have a creek view, and tho not my first time there , really enjoyed the hotel..the downside as in all dubai ,the restaurants and beer are very expensive..the hotel has several really excellent restaurants, til the bill arrives to give you indigestion, all foodstuffs ,cooks and all else having to be imported..The twin towers shopping centre next door has exceptional italian mens clothes on sale, this was low season and at 400 dhs per night, i thought the hotel excellent value for money..no complaints	
Jul 26 2009 	Both warm and efficient: a very pleasant stay	Stayed at this hotel for two nights recently for weekend break in Dubai while on extended business trip in Abu Dhabi. Booked a standard room but was upgraded to Royal Club on check-in which was a pleasant surprise! Staff were warm and welcoming throughout and room was perfect: large, simply but comfortably appointed with a bed I didn't want to get out of! Located in the true heart of Dubai- with nice views of the Creek. Granted, it is a bit of a distance from the Sheikh Zayed Road/ Jumeirah attractions but taxis are cheap and efficient. Would definitely recommend-excellent value for money	
Jun 25 2009 	Good Creek Hotel	Had a three nights stay at the Radisson Blu Deira Creek in March. The hotel is very nice and conveniently located if you want to explore the Creek and the Gold and Spice Souk. And the balconies in each room are a nice touch. The only downside was the concierge service. It seemed like the concierges only had information regarding trips arranged by the hotel or companies the hotel had an agreement with. If you tried to ask other questions they would not know and where not willing to help either. But as long as you are not completely dependent of a concierge the hotel is highly recommended.	
Jun 17 2009	Recommended - in the heart of true Dubai	Really liked this hotel. Specially for its location, which is right smack in the middle of old Dubai. If you want to experience the resort aspect of Dubai you need to look elsewhere at the beach resorts in Jumeirah, but if you want the old school real Dubai experience, this is the perfect hotel for you.Right on the water, that is the Dubai Creek, very close to Abra stations to cross the creek, and like they advertise, every room literally does look onto the water, so you'll get that creek view, fear not.Staff were super professional and courteous. Would stay here again if I go back to Dubai.	
Jun 8 2009 	Good hotel and nice location	1. Room was good.2. Pool was also good.3.Food and Drinks were expensive4. Getting a cab or taxi is easy from the hotel.5. Must try the Dhow of Radisson. There are local dhow cruise as well but Radisson dhow cruise was good. Try the dhow cruise after sunset.6. Breakfast was amazing.	
Jun 3 2009 	Good location and nice service	This was our third family visit to Dubai (with 2 young children: 3 and 6 years old). For the first time in 2007 we stayed in Bur Dubai, we stayed also in Deira during the previous visit this January. We booked this hotel through booking.com and rate was around USD155 breakfast included. This was our transit hotel (for May 08-10): we were waiting for my mother in law to join us after 2 nights after which we moved to another hotel in Dubai Marina area. The hotel is outdated a little bit. However, the level of service is really nice. There are a lot of restorants in hotel we had a chance to try Fish Market where you choose fish for your dinner and order it to cook immediately. There is a good pool area as well .. Hotel provides complementary valet parking for your car. As for the previous visits we also rented a car through National.com (you may get really nice quotations for reservations made ahead). Thus we paid only USD 271 for 10 days rent and were upgraded to Toyota Camry. I would reccomend renting a car in Dubai if you are planning to have extensive driving around: it would be chipper than taxi.  As to the hotel itself, here are some positive aspects: good location, walking distance to creek and amazing views, open balconies, good pool area, complimentary internet conncection, good breakfast. Negative aspect: the rooms are medium sized and even I would say they are small. Anyaway, we have a very positive impression from Radisson service since it was good enough: very close to 5*.	
May 27 2009 	Not bad at all worth a try!	Just came back this morning from a 4-night stay in this hotel. My standard room faces the creek and it is not small to me. It was kept clean and housekeeping offered turn-down service. My room rate came with the breakfast which was a full spread. The only downside is that - it's the same everyday. I was there for a seminar so we also had buffet lunch at the same restaurant Boulvre where breakfast was served!! Lunch buffet had the same spread during the 4 days I spent there.Staff however were all very helpful and polite. The bellhop need to know the shuttle bus schedule and update their information. One afternoon, I was told to wait for 5 mins for the bus but that wait lasted more than 30 mins and I ended it by hiring a taxi instead. Where I reached the City Centre (mall nearby), I found out that the schedule had changed and the hotel was stil using old info to advise guests!!Gym was great and the massage by the Thai lady was really rejuvenating, it's worth a try!Overall great but it's really hot at this time of the year in Dubai, well over 40 degrees celsius in the day time. so beware!	
May 26 2009 	Liked the Hospitality and Dining	I have been staying at this hotel for more than one occasion now and have enjoyed the hotel both times. I have stayed at the Royal club room and the standard delux room and found both very good according to their standards.The hotel is good in terms of hospitality. I booked it for 3 nights and I had to check out following an emergency back home on the 2nd night itself so they were kind enough not to charge for the 3rd night.The hotel is almost at the center of the old city place Deira, with lot many eating joints outside to take a walk and go. The local city market is nearby and City Center shopping complex is in close proximity too. Other shopping malls on the Shiekh Zyed Road are not too far off either for a taxi ride.I would choose this hotel as regular basis being it at the center of the city, for its good food, good swimming area and housing a couple of good night clubs good enough for bachelors and single businessmen looking for some leisure and FUN.	
May 14 2009 	Good Value in Dubai	The Radisson is not too bad. Considering the prices of other hotels in Dubai, this was a good value. It is in old Dubai so it's not close to any shopping malls. The service varies from top notch to mediocre depending on who it is. When I arrived after my flight from NY, they told me they were fully booked and didn't have the non-smoking room I booked. The staff told me there was nothing they can do and of course, that really annoyed me since I had confirmation for a non-smoking room. The manager on duty overheard the conversation I had with the front desk. He took over and told me he'd do everything he can. He bought me a coffee, asked me to sit in the lounge will he tried to resolve the problem. 10 minutes later, he told me there really was no room and even the suites were all booked up. He promised he would go to every room to make sure it doesn't smell like smoke and will let me choose and will then give me a new room the next day. Another 10 minutes went by and he came to show me to a room that as he promised, had no remnants of cigarette smell. Although I was still mad that my non-smoking room was not available when I arrived; the service that the night manager provided was really superb.Since I was there for business, I didn't have much time to walk around. All in all, the hotel was clean and the service was good. Location is further and you may get stuck in traffic going to new Dubai where all the shopping is.	
Apr 24 2009	Great Staff! Great Breakfast!!	Amazing staff, all of them. Always willing to help.Clean and comfortable room, though a bit small compared to other 5 star hotels.Breat breakfast.	
Apr 22 2009 	Good Place!	We spent 5 nights at the Radisson and thought it was lovely and better than we expected. The rooms were clean and spacious and we enjoyed the balcony with the table and chairs out on it. We also liked having all of the restaurants and bars in the hotel, I think about 12. However, we didn't like that the breakfast buffet as it was very expensive about $100 U.S. and there wasn't a place where you could sit and have a small breakfast. There is a little shop on the other side next to the lobby selling a few rolls and coffee but it didn't look that good and they took a long time to serve you. We would get up early for our tours and didn't have time and didn't want to eat a expensive buffet breaskfast. Another slight downer was the Radisson Dhow boat ride. We were a little disappointed because we felt cramped up in a small space and the food wasn't that great. The boat was full and everyone was trying to eat all at once. Plus, there were some that didn't like the dining room and wanted to eat upstairs, so they kept going up and down the stairs with their food and drink. There are tons of dhow boat dinner cruises, shop around. The sushi restaurant was good and they were very nice. The jazz bar wasn't that friendly. All in all we thought it was good value for the money.	
Mar 21 2009 	great hotel in the city	We only stayed one night in the Radisson SAS (2 nights were previously stayed in the Hilton on Jumeriah beach), partly due to our budget constraints and partly due to a very early morning flight. We were upgraded to the Royal Club executive rooms, and they were very nice! The room had a balcony, which had a lovely view, my only gripe would be that the light on the balcony was not strong enough to dine out on in the night when we ordered room service. The afternoon tea they served was lovely. The staff were very helpful and courteous. It's a good base for touring the souks or if you plan to do a dhow dinner cruise on the creek.	
Mar 20 2009 	Excellent Hotel	My husband &amp; I have never been to Dubai before and we decided to go for the Rugby World Cup 7's. Friends of our living in Kuweit also went to Dubai for the rugby and they booked all of us into the Raddison.We requested the Radisson to pick us up from the airport, as we landed in the early hours of the morning. We were met by a ver professional, friendly lady that took us to the airoconditioned vehile to go to the hotel. In the car she gave us each a clean, hot towel and some cold bottled water. We felt like royalty!!The hotel itself is stunning, well equiped and staff were very friendly. Our room was massive and the king size bed was luxorius, not to mention the very comfy pillows!! We had a great night's sleep, every night!!The swimming pool was private with a beautifull view of the Dubai sky line.Breakfast had a wide variety of western as well s some indian food. We just couldnt get enough of all the fruit!!! Taxi's were readily available from the hotel to take us where ever we wanted to go. The hotel is located on the Deira Creek and a few minutes' walk away from the Gold &amp; Spice Souk. We found the location to be very central to anywhere we wanted to go.We would definately highly reccomend this hotel and would definately stay there again.	
Mar 11 2009 	Full of prostitutes !! Double standards !!	OK let me be positive , the hotel is in a good location, it is spacious and all rooms even the basic ones have creek views.The rooms are clean and staff mostly friendly although some sour faced ones at the breakfast restaurants . Sadly though all bars are PACKED with prostitutes and very smoky and seedy !! It is so sad during the day the place is very cultured and efficiently run but at night it takes on a most sinister air. I was stopped myself when taking lift up to my hotel bedroom and asked for ID and accused of being a Russian prositiute Eek !!!! Anyway just sad as I think it is a fine hotel if they could only cut out the &quot;working&quot; girls.	
Mar 5 2009 	I'd recommend this hotel for it's location	We'd already stayed at the Burj al Arab for one night before moving to the Radisson Deira Creek for two nights for a more central base to see Dubai. It's a great location - it's walkable from the souks, the city tour bus stop (stop 7 I think) is 100m or so away, and the city boat tour is right outside the hotel. The hotel offers a shuttle bus to and from the City Center Shopping Mall, which was a godsend when we realised that the very very long line of people we'd been walking past in the shopping center while looking for the taxi rank, was actually the queue for the taxi. We only found out about the bus by luck so make sure you get the times from the hotel.It's a pretty standard 5 star hotel, perhaps a bit dated. There's nothing to rave about. The bedroom and bathroom were clean, although smelt of cigarette smoke. Usually we'd stamp our feet and demand another room, but we'd been able to check-in really early which helped us out with our day plan so we didn't feel as though we could / should. It might have just been our room though so don't let that put you off.We didn't spend much time by the pool, other than to grab a bite to eat. It's fine for a dip and a fleeting visit, but the hotel is next to the main road (the pool is one storey up) and so it's not really the nicest of places if you want to spend a full day there. If that's your poison stay at a different hotel, or get a taxi out to the beach parks.I think all rooms have a creek view, but only in one direction as the hotel and the balconies are sideways to the creek.(Note that in the picture TripAdvisor, the one with the boat lit up in the middle of the screen, the Radisson is the hotel to the right of the boat.)The skybar is nice enough, with piano and singing entertainment. Very classy. A lady on our desert safari (Worth a go if you're looking for something to do. We booked through BA but you can arrange it through the hotel. Beware, the driving part can make you feel car sick.) had mentioned that European prostitutes work from hotel bars in Dubai. Naively we didn't realise anything like this went on, but we kept our eyes peeled and sure enough there they were. One blonde, one brunette seated at the bar, each with a cocktail and a glass of water in front of them although neither of them touched the cocktail - it was used to hold their place when they went to talk to different men. When the brunette seemed to have caught the attention of one man and joined him at his table, the blonde picked up her phone and a minute or two later another brunnette turned up to take the place at the bar. The ladies rarely talked to each other at all. Perhaps it was all a coincidence. Perhaps these were three single ladies and I'm beign really unfair. But I doubt it. Pure entertainment!As an aside - I'd read all the travelling advice about what to wear in Dubai and so packed a suitcase full of covering respectful clothes. I think I was the only one who'd read any of that as the vast majority of females were wearing strappy tops. Especially in the expanding part of Dubai and the Shopping Malls where you'd struggle to find a difference to the dress styles of the UK. However the Souks, mainly male areas, are a little different. I was covered up from toe to fingertip and wearing a hat, but I still got funny looks from every local man that walked by. If you're travelling in a (male/female) couple you'll find that anyone you deal with will automatically direct conversation towards the man. I found that a bit odd given that I'd arranged and booked the whole holiday and all reservations were in my name, but it meant that I could leave the tipping to him.And just so you go prepared - the driving in Dubai is horrendous. I wouldn't recommend hiring a car unless you're ready for anything.	
Mar 3 2009 	Great location great service	I picked this hotel for the location and was not disappointed. Each room has a small furnished balcony that looks out over Deira creek which we enjoyed using. Excellent service from the front desk, the business center, the concierge to the housekeeping staff. We chose a standard room without all the extras like free tea and happy hr. The room was standard size and very clean. The mattress could have used updating but the bedding and pillows very good. The bathroom was well appointed with all the extras. My only disappointment was the free internet was slower than I would have liked . There were 12 resturants associated with the hotel but we only tried one, Yummy. Yummy is an asian resturant which specializes in noodles. The service was very good and the food good and priced in line with Dubai. There was a grocery store about a 5 min walk and we bought our breakfast items there and did not eat the breakfast buffet offered by the hotel. We did book a dhow dinner cruise with the boat owned by the hotel. We enjoyed it very much. The buffet dinner was good and the scenery as we cruised by was beautiful. The location of the hotel was good. A 5 min walk and you were able to pick up a water taxi to take you over the creek and shopt at the Old Souk, Textile Souk and visit the Dubai Museum in the 1800 fort. On the same side of the creek as the hotel you could walk to the Gold Souk and Spice Souk in about 15 min. Taxi's are plentiful and inexpensive. We booked a desert safari tour with Orient Tours through the hotel which was wonderful. After the driver picked us up at the hotel we went out in the deseret for dune bashing, camel riding , dinner . I recommend it . I enjoyed my stay at the Radisson and would stay there again	
Feb 26 2009 	Average hotel that should be 3 star - but don't eat here!!!	The hotel is not the prettiest in the emirate - that it's dating from the 70s is very obvious. But the pool is acceptably big and the pool area is kept nice and is almost in sun from around 11 am. That the pool bar advertises fresh fruit juices from six to eight kinds of fruit - and then only offers oranges - well, that just seemed to strike the tone for the stay...Rooms are big enough, even for a standard. Watch out for the suites at 10th floor as they are situated next to the &quot;jazz bar&quot; which seemed to be inhabited by a huge crowd of women, whose profession I would not dare to guess... :-(But whatever you do: don't eat at the restaurants. Breakfast is average to say the least, but never good. And the service was bad. It took them 15 minutes to find Earl Grey tea - and even then it was from a Lipton tea bag as was their standard English Breakfast Tea... I have stayed in many Radisson SAS hotels - and this is the bottom of the rank.I tried for one lunch the &quot;Asian&quot; style thing. Don't, don't, DON'T go there. Unless, of course, you actually enjoy rice with brown gravy on top accompanied with gooey brown sauce-covered unidentified meats. I have been to China - and I think the &quot;restaurant&quot; must gotten from a province that has yet to be discovered...The only exception may be the fish and seafood restaurant. Their food was perfectly edible, but uninspired and nothing special, even with the prices they ask for.The Radisson advertises 11 restaurants compared to eg Sheraton's four. How would I love it, if Radisson concentrated on quality in stead of quantity. Right now they have zero quality and a lot of quantity.	
Feb 16 2009 	A great place to stay	My Husband and I stayed at the Radisson SAS Dubai Deira Creek from 3rd Fab - 8th Feb 2009.This was our first stay in Dubai, (but will not be our last) and after what seemed like a lifetime of reading reviews for hotels in Dubai, decided that this hotel was the best situated for our needs, we were not disappointed.The hotel has great views of the creek which is alive with activity day and night, but far away enough not to disturb you at anytime.The hotel room was everything you would expect for 5*, clean and well equiped for 2 people. The hotel room also had a balcony which you will find most hotels in Dubai lack.The staff were very friendly and able to advise us in anyway which was most helpful with it being our first stay.The hotel boasts a wide range of places to eat (we counted about 12 yes12!) all within the hotel, it also has 2 bars that have live music nightly and a night club although we did not use this.We could not here the music from any of these when in our hotel room.I will advise you of one thing, if you get a pool view you will find that the air conditioning unit for the hotel is next to the pool, this could disturb you if you are a light sleeper, this was not a problem for us but felt it could be for some.When you get to Dubai there are a vast amount of things to see and do, but if we could recommend anything it would be for you to consider taking a bus ride! This is an open top double decker bus which takes you on a tour around some of the many sites of Dubai, with buses running every 20 minutes you can use the hop on, hop off to your advantage. This is run by The Big Bus Company.com, but your hotel can help by booking this for you.Our stay in Dubai was most enjoyable and the Radisson SAS Dubai Deira Creek was a great place to stay.	
Feb 6 2009 	Ideal City Centre Base	Picked this hotel as we wanted a city centre base at reasonable cost with a Creek view.Hotel staff were excellent , rooms were adequate sized and well appointed, cleaning and overall service was very,very good.Breakfast was usual high quality and reasonably priced.We tried the steak in the grill, pizza in the Italian restuarant and English pub grub. The steak was brilliant and just melted in the mouth, the pizza was also first class but one pizza at 14&quot; would be enough for two. Off all the meals we had while there only the English pub grub was disappointing.It was a 20 minute stroll to the Gold and Spice souks along the Creek side. In hot sunshine a shady route can be taken through Baniyas Square. Shopping within 15 minutes walk from the hotel was excellent, lots of good quality European clothes available.Don't forget to haggle on everything as the opening and tag prices are just that. Walk away if not happy and try somewhere else.Jewellery and watch prices are not cheap anymore but try Kurama for good casual clothing deals and mementos.We would most definitely recommend and use this hotel again.	
Jan 9 2009	Liked the Radisson Deira Creek	Interesting location at the Creek and near the Old Town.We had a well-appointed &quot;executive suite&quot; with access totheir Royal Club facilities. Friendly staff, free transport toand from airport. Good restaurants especially the ChinaClub. Would go back. Hotel is the refurbished ex-Interconti-Hotel and, as such, not one of the newer Dubai-styleglitzy establishments, but prices offset this shortcoming!	
Jan 8 2009 	radisson sas deira creek dubai is excellent location to stay in Dubai	The Radisson SAS Creek, Deira Dubai was a exceptionally good stay. Value for money.They had brekfast on the house. The Boulvar hall for brekfast was really nice and breakfast was too rich.The room was good and the staff was helpful to change the room to a better view room. i wanted a creek view room than a swimming pool view. they changed it.staff was helpful.Radissons dhow cruise....is really a must do. There are others also cheaper but then they may be bad.Desert safri is aniother thing to do in Dubai......its amazing and a different feeling.	
Nov 29 2008 	Makes you feel comfortable!	When my boss anounced the place he`d chosen for team building - I was happy, but when he told me to take charge of all arrangements and showed me the budget - I was a bit confused...I`ve spent much time surfing the web for reviews and pictures made by those who stayed in Dubai hotels and made a right choice! The property is a great value for money!Quick check-in and check-out, perfect breakfast, excellent cervice, great central location (if you prefer to stay in 5* hotel but cant afford a beachfront one or other 5* hotel in Dubai - so Radisson Deira Creek is a best choice) - taxis are cheap so its not a problem to get to any places you likeits nice to have a creek view (take the Abra and make a river trip at night - the views are great!)Rooms and bathrooms are comparatively small, but it doesnt make a problem, because of two things:1. Everything is clean and perfectly equippped 2. We didnt spend much time in hotel - there were sooo many things to do and to see in Dubai!Stuff is friendly and very helpfull (minibus for 10 persons was there in 3 mins after we asked for transfer to the beach and was cheap)We didnt have any problems or complaints and would definitely come back again!	
Nov 3 2008 	Great service and frendly staff.....!!!!!!	I stayed in a suite with my 2 kids (13 and 10 years old) and had a great experience.The staff couldn't do enough to help us and the room was very nice. Great bed and bathroom.Would definitely go back again.	
Oct 29 2008 	Great location	I visited Dubai with my Wife, I have visited often but it was her first visit so choose the Radisson for the central location and ease of getting to all the places she wanted to visit. It was a great choice being in walking distance of things on the Deira side and very handy to the Abra stations to get across to Bur Dubai area. Everywhere else is easily accessible by taxi which is by far the cheapest and easiest way to get about, the one down side is the wait for taxis although I understand that this is a problem all over the City. The staff were superb and food great although probably expensive compared to other places.Rooms are adequate and what can be expected from a hotel of this vintage, I have no complaints even if the bathrooms are smaller than more modern hotels in the city.	
Oct 21 2008 	Had a nice vacation there	I stayed 10 days at the end of April and the beginning of May.Check-in was quick and easy, rooms were nice and clean. Large bed, writing table, TV, Internet, phone..all the usual.Bathroom and the balcony were on the smaller side but it didn't bother me.Only thing that I disliked was the air-conditioning. Not just in the hotel, but in every building in Dubai. We were a bit cold while inside and outside was way too hot. But then again, in the air-conditioning could be adjusted.Hotel is positioned very near the Creek and there are abra (water taxi) stations very close by.Normal taxis could be hailed in front of the hotel or the staff could arrange transportation. The beaches I visited were no more than 15min by taxi and I think there were shuttle buses for the guests but I didn’t use them personally.Breakfast was great, food delicious and I could try some (for me) unusual things.Staff was nice and helpful, kept the room clean and were regularly replacing towels and supplies that were used up.There were quite a few restaurants inside the hotel, and the food could be ordered in from near-by places. Room service was of course also available.Overall I had a very nice stay in this hotel.	
Oct 21 2008 	business hotel	Great business hotel and a lot of good restaurants	
Oct 9 2008 	Not Worth The Money!	We have spent one night in Radisson SaS during first week of October and having been to more than 40 other hotels in Dubai. Since this is one of the oldest hotels in Dubai you can always expect maintenance problems... the hotel lobby was hot although at the time there weren't much people checking in, Service during check in was good and the staff was very nice.The rooms of the hotel are relatively small and the tv is not a flat screen. But all on all it was ok until during having a quick nap I found an insect on the bed !!!!(which was very disgusting). After informing the room service they took quick action and came to see the insect and offered to change the room for a minor upgrade (though this was great but this made me wonder what kind of hygiene controls are in place in such a hotel!!) Moving to the 9th floor which is an executive floor, it turned to be exactly to be the same room only with very very minor differences and the only main advantage was to access the executive lounge on the tenth floor. But as soon as we used the room for a bit I noticed that the AC was not working properly and I we were really sweating like anything. I had to call room service again and they sent a technician to check it and had to spend more than an hour or more to fix it, which he managed to make the AC just ok, although I was not happy with it I was not considering to move my room again since we had already lost most of our time packing and unpacking and talking to room service and front desk ... etc... i was even considering checking out at night and spending the night at our home (which is a lot better that this hotel). Finally, I do not recommend spending a night in that hotel... TRUST ME FOR WHAT I SAY... I have even noted that airconditioner problem in several of their restaurants such as Boulevar, The Pub... so if you wanna suffer for a day this sure if the place to go to ;) On the other hand I would recommend going to the Radisson's restaurants/ brunches as they usually have great menus and decent quality.	
Sep 21 2008 	Excellent Hotel	A wonderful hotel in the heart of Dubai. The Radisson SAS hotel was absolutely fantastic. The staff are wonderful and the facilities are great. It is located in the heart of the Diera district, with great connections to the Souks and Bur Dubai. The rooms were spacious, clean and with great views of the creek. The restaurants are also fantastic. The Italian and Chinese/Thai were by far the best!If you're looking for a hotel in the city with some personality and good facilities....I'd definitely recommend it!	
Sep 12 2008 	Excellent location in the city and perfect service	A very fine hotel. The first 5 star hotel in Dubai in 1976 and still up to the standards of today. If you like to be in the middle of the bustling old part of Dubai; Deira, this is the place for you. The hotel itself is a tranquille place, but as soon as you open the door and cross the street, you can wander along the creek with the old boats bringing all the products for the shouk that is just around the corner. A perfect place to experience the business in a Arab city.I appreciated the complementary valet parking; just drop off your car at the entrance and receive it with already the airco on when you want to leave. The rooms are very nice and the balcony gives you the opportunity to stay in touch with bustling Dubai.The pool area provides lot of room and in the morning offers shade from the hotel and later you can can use the umbrellas.	
Jul 22 2008 	Experience the worst nightmare!!!	Want to experience your worst nightmare in a hotel? Try this one...but I will never ever go back to this hotel again...staff were rude, check-in/out process and room service very slow and rooms were bit old.....	
Jul 7 2008 	Fine spot in Deira	It is easy to like this hotel thanks to it's close enough distance to the airport and city, nice gym, plenty of restaurants, well appointed, comfy rooms with nice little balconies (creek view) and most of the time a top class service.Would have given this the full 5 points and when they will fix the recurring web problems, I probably will.	
Jul 1 2008 	Great!	Stayed at this hotel at the beginning of June. I would stay here again -Checking in - We checked in at 7am even though check in time was midday, this was no problem and they had the room ready for us in half hour, giving us enough time to have some breakfast whilst we waited for the room to be set up.Rooms - Quite big, all rooms have a balcony and ours was looking over the creek which is a gorgeous view night and day. Bathroom is quite small - but honestly how long do you spend in the bathroom. The room was kept extreamly clean and the cleaners were very friendly. Bed was extreamly comfortable and you could even request what type of pillow you would like. Location - Right next to the creek, in my opinion I would have prefered to stay closer to the beach, but seeing as my partner and I dont have any children yet, the beach wasnt a priority on our holiday and the beach isnt hard to get too via taxi (20 min taxi ride) The only complaint I had was the food service by the pool. Food took forever to make and it wasnt any good at all. Also the pool isnt massive but it was still nice.I would stay here again and I would reccommend others stay here as well.	
Jun 23 2008 	not 5 star	Stayed for one week in january. Ive been to dubai many times and usually go in the summer, but as we got good deal thought we would try it in the winter. Although the hotel was ok it is no where near in the same class as the 5 star beach hotels, ie the madinet or the One and Only. i GUESS you get what you pay for, if you really want to taste real luxury and you can handle the heat i would suggest you try Dubai in the summer where you get a lot more for your money, and its much quieter. On the other hand if you get a good deal to this hotel, im sure you will find it ok providing you have not got your heart set on luxury. All in all its not bad but no more than that.	
May 28 2008 	Excellent hotel	This is a really great place to stay if you want to explore Dubai, an excellent hotel. From the moment we arrived at the hotel we were very pleased with its location, because it's near the old part of Dubai. We didn't go to Dubai to be at the beach, so if you plan to do that this is not the right hotel for you. The lobby and the reception are beautiful, the staff is very kind and helpful, and you do feel welcome.We had a standard room which was quite spacious, although the closet was not too big but we didn't mind that. The airconditioning worked great. The mini bar is good, the selection of tv programs is excellent. Every room has free internet access and in some rooms you can even catch a wireless signal (also complimentary by the hotel after calling the business center). And the important part - the bed- was very comfortable. The bathroom is nice, spacious, I loved listening to MTV while taking a shower :-) The room had a small balcony with two chairs and a table, and a great view of Dubai creek which is great especially at night when you see all the lighted dhows sailing. Do we need to say that the room was spotlessly clean?!? That is one thing which is very important to us so we were very pleased. Room service is excellent, we enjoyed breakfast in bed, warm croissants, papers and great coffee. Breakfast buffet is absolutely perfect, great choice of everything, and if you can't find what you want, the chef is there to prepare whatever you wish to eat. The choice of restaurants for lunch and dinner is great, a bit pricey but great food. The pool is very nice, and has creek view also.There are some things which we thought could improve. I didn't like one of the concierges who was not too nice and didn't really try hard to help us book some tours. It's maybe a stupid thing to point out but for a five star hotel the concierge should be much more helpful and polite. It wouldn' kill her to smile every once in a while :-)The other thing is that the hotel doesn't have a shuttle to the beach or to major malls which most of other five star hotels in Dubai have. Some hotels also have access to the beach through some luxury hotels in Jumeirah beach, so you don't have to go to public beaches which are not that great. Overall, this is one of the best hotels we stayed at and we really reccommend it to everyone who goes to Dubai either for business or pleasure.	
May 16 2008	For those who like Jazz music.......	Excellent hotel in great location......jazz lovers will find the real cherry on the top going first to the PALM GRILL restaurant, where the piano solo / singer Sarah Booth will perform amazing fine jazz standards until late....and after going to the jazz club on the top roof (with amazing view on the Creek): Nisha and Nathan will keep you there until the very last jam session..........if you enjoy music and drinks you definitely will not need to go anywhere else......	
Apr 1 2008	Exceptional service terrific value great location!	An outstanding hotel - terrific value for money and in a great area. We stayed here for a week around the Dubai World Cup this year and could not have found the hotel more accommodating or well-maintained. The staff catered to our every request and made sure we felt like real VIPs. The hotel provides easy geographic access to the airport, City Center mall, the souks of Deira (walkable as other posters suggest, but also a &gt;$4 cab ride away), and to all of Bur Dubai (just a 1 dirham ride on an abra from the station just down the creek from the hotel). Although this is not a beach hotel, access to the beaches of Jumeirah can be easily had through other hotels, and the staff here is happy to help with that.The restaurant scene at the Radisson is exceptional; I particularly recommend the Iranian restaurant (actually, there are two, and we ate in the more formal one). Also, staying on one of the club floors is well worth the expense as the breakfast, tea, and happy hours provide very nice light meals for free. One tip is that construction south of the creek has made it harder (although not impossible) to get cabs in the Deira area at certain times. We often hired a driver to make mid- to long-range trips, and the hotel can arrange this for you - they have excellent relationships with livery companies. Having an air conditioned car waiting for you can make a huge difference in how your day goes - and at roughly $25-30 an hour for waiting time, having the car stay while you visit a mall or do other activities can be quite reasonable.The gym and pool facilities are also top rate, with a large pool bar, lots of cardio and weights equipment, and everything very clean and well-kept.Last, don't miss the lounge act in the principal lobby bar - the act, from the Philippines, provides raucous loud fun (and are actually great musicians) and can cover an enormous songbook - just write your request on a slip and hand it over!	
Mar 19 2008 	Pleasantly surprised	We have just come back from a 5 night stay at the Radisson Deira. We had room 329 overlooking the pool and creek. Balcony was small but furnished nicely (was absolutely fine for 2 people). Room was a good size, furnished nicely with a comfy bed. We had bought some duty free from the airport so we had the minibar emptied for us and we stored our own alcohol in there. Good location - a few minutes from City Centre mall in a taxi. A few minutes walk around the corner to a 24 hour supermarket. We had room service once - prompt, good price and nice food. We also ate in the 24hr restaurant once for lunch. Apart from that we got a couple of cakes from the cake shop and had a drink in the Pub. Most evenings we headed down to the Century/Irish Village for food/drinks - this was approx. 10-15 dirhams in a taxi	
Mar 7 2008 	its ok but there is nicer	just back from this hotel and it was good.The hotel is a business hotel and expensive,the rooms are small and the bathroom is very very small as are the balconies,there are 2 bars and some good food being served in the pub bar,good staff alsoi wud recommend this hotel for business only and not a holiday	
Feb 17 2008 	Standards being maintained	We have stayed at this hotel many times during our ex-pat days in the early 1990's when it was owned by the Intercontinental chain and was perhaps the best hotel in Dubai at this time.We had heard that the hotel was now part of the SAS Radisson group and during a stopover in DXB on returning from India we decided to give it a try once again.For those who prefer to stay in the city rather than along the Gulf coastal strip, this hotel's location is still hard to beat with its Creek facing balconies giving granstand views of the dhow anchorage ( although rich men's pleasure boats are squeezing the traditional dhows further down the Creek - shame on the Dubai Municipality!).Although this is still a first rate hotel its design is dated and it is not difficult to spot why the Intercontinental group have sold it on.Standard rooms are still very acceptable in terms of living space but the bathrooms are small and in today's world are somewhat old fashioned, rather like old THF Post House bathrooms in the 1970's. In today's de luxe hotels one expects walk in showers etc; and its is difficult to see how this could be achieved within the design constraints of the hotel. Radisson have done their best however with what is available to them and there is no call for complaint over the facilities in general.The hotel has numerous restaurants, so you are spoilt for choice and the food generally is of a high standard, although we would advise giving the noodle bar a miss based on our experience.The hotel has a reasonable pool and fitness area and for those in need of retail therapy, its own shopping mall and is also in walking distance of the souks or a short taxi ride to the more famous shopping outlets.Pricewise the room tarrif is realistic and probably represents reasonable value for Dubai.	
Jan 14 2008 	Good City Hotel near Souk Malls and Airport	Stayed 8th / 9th Jan 2008. Good location on the creek (10p to cross), and walkable to Gold Souk. Shopping malls a short taxi away, Jumeirah beach is a 30 mins taxi ride away (cost 60 Dirhams, less than a tenner). 15 mins to airport. Be aware traffic in Dubai is now a nightmare at peak times. Been to Dubai 4 times over last 10 years and its just gets worse. Took 30 mins to get to Jumeriah beach at 11am, took 2.5 hours to get back at 4pm. They are building a railway scheduled 2010, but the moment theres 2 million people all running cars (as its 10p a litre) and only one highway. It may be 7 lanes but its madness.Anyway hotel is good, nice pool and gym, staff are very helpful and the rooms are well equiped especially the Royal Club rooms on the upper floors where you can also use the Royal Club lounge on Floor ten for free drinks, buffet breakfast (avoiding the hussle and queues in downstairs cafe), afternoon tea and great views of the creek.The only issue is that its not on the beach. So okay for couples, or a stop-over, but if you have kids they'll prefer the larger beach resort hotels that have clubs, larger pools, activities and the sand. Of course they are twice the price, so we just went along to Oasis Beach hotel on Jumeirah (where we had stayed before and knew the facilities are excellent) and just joined for the day. Week days are £12, weekends £24. You use all the facilites and are given towels, locker etc. Cheaper than staying on the beach but not as convenient as being there. So in summary SAS Deira Creek is a great city hotel for a stop-over, do a day trip to the beach, but if your planning a weeks holiday in Dubai you want to be staying on Jumeirah Beach.	
Jan 14 2008 	Highly Recommended	We stayed here for eight nights.It was absolutely lovely. We didn't want to be beach based, (if you want this go to Jumeirah beach area) we wanted to be in the town, and Deira is the business district. From outside, the hotel looks pretty average, all this changes the minute you walk inside. Beautiful but at the same time very relaxed. This is mainly due to the staff, with a superb level of service, which is the hotels greatest strength. At the same time this is a sleek operation from room service through to restaurant service.The food is lovely, give Boulvar a go everyday for your breakfast. we've never had better. Palm Grill does beautiful steaks and has some great wines available. Also Sumbaiya, Japanese restaurant is fab. Don't miss the buffet. Theres a great swimming pool overlooking Deira Creek. If you choose to stay in Deira, theres plenty to do and see, especially if you just want to wander, look, see, soak up the atmosphere. The traditional wooden boats, Dhows, used to transport everything imaginable to India, east Africa and so on, are a delight to watch. And, enjoy riding the water taxis (Abra) across the creek. (will cost you 1 Dirham, around 15 pence).Enjoy the buzz of the city, the friendliness of all the people and the knowledge that you are in the safest city in the world	
Jan 8 2008	Excellent 5 Star- Radisson all the way!	Stayed at the Radisson SAS over Christmas. From the entrance the service was great (as to bwe expected from the Radisson chain). We stayed in the Club Suite which had both a seperate bedroom and a lounge basically adjoining rooms, and as we had our little girl with us suited us fine during the evenings when she would go to sleep we still had the lounge to occupy.It was very spacious and always clean. I felt the staff could not do enough for us constantly asking if we needed anymore water or if the mini bar needed refilling, new towels or generally making sure we are comfortable. The one touch room service button was great and service for food or anything else was prompt. I would reccommend this Hotel as it is very central to Dubai and with some great views. We were on the 9th floor with fantastic views over the creek in the morning and the evening when the boats would be going up and down. We had two balconies so you could take your pick where to reside in the evening and relax. There is also 11 resturants on site and many shops to spend your well earned cash. The food was great in all the returants we tried especially the Persian resturant and the Japanese resturant.I would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone planning to stay in Dubai who is not fussed about being near the beach even though the beach is a 10-15 minute drive away and they generally provide everything you need at the beach.Excellent.	
Jan 7 2008 	Nice location but not worth the money	This hotel is in a nice location with nice views of the creek but it i t is old and the rooms are very dark and the bathroom is tiny. Also the AC is not very efficient. There are much better hotels for the money. Breakfast buffet was good but we often got a table at the door of the gent's toilet!	
Dec 28 2007 	Look no further than the Radisson for a great place to stay in Dubai!	My family met in Dubai for Christmas this year and we stayed six nights at the Radisson SAS Dubai Deira Creek. The hotel staff could not have been better. Everyone was considerate, helpful, knowledgeable, happy, and honestly enjoyable to be with despite their busy time. We stayed in the Royal Club rooms and will not stay anywhere else in Dubai except at the Radisson. The Royal Club rooms include a delicious breakfast overlooking the city on the tenth floor, high tea in the afternoon and a happy hour in the evening where as much of your favorte drink is on offer. The food and appetizers were excellent, the staff were superb and the hotel setting was also superb. The concierge was helpful with booking tours, the gents in the lobby were ever helpful with obtaining taxis and dispensing information about the nearby places. The Gold Souk was walking distance and the taxis to anywhere else were metered and inexpensive. The Radisson also has a dinner boat which we will use next time for a dinner cruise on the Creek. What a wonderful vacation location for a family. The gym is top notch with a squash court, the pool is pleasant, the massage services superb. What more could one ask for? Stay here with confidence!	
Dec 26 2007 	loved it	radisson deira made it a special break for us, they went out of their way to upgrade and to be as helpful as possible, would definately recommend this hotel to anyone going to deira creek...	
Nov 27 2007 	Dissappointed	Dissappointed at the size of the room, the balcony was a postage stamp as was the bathroom, keycard did not work on 2 occasions, hair dryer also did not work. Everything was sorted out immediately but really it should have been working in the first place. Only one tea cup and one small coffee cup, the coffee machine was useless for making tea. The picture shown on all the photos it is the small hotel in the picture that is the Radisson not the large one in the foreground. This is a business hotel with flight crews using this hotel.	
Nov 11 2007 	Good hotel good service	We had a conference in the hotel. The transfer from the airport worked like clockwork. Service and quality was very good. Food was good as well. All as it should be. Yes, it is not at the beach, if I go there as tourist I would not stay there but at beach. Pool looks nice (full size and deep), but was out of service for 2 days for servicing (we were told that in advance when booking, so all ok and correct).The hotel is not new, but well kept. I can recommend it for business and leisure. Price/Value is good. Can recommend it.	
Nov 10 2007 	I wouldnt class as 5*	Well, we booked VERY last minute with an online travel company. Got to Dubai early morning and didnt expect to check in so early. However they said not a problem and escorted us to our twin room. Upon arrival all seemed well, to me the room was a bit on the small side, however this is a city business hotel so adequate for the purpose. We were greeted by a letter on the bed explaining that this week they have decided to do the annual maintenance on their pool! This enraged us as a decent pool was the only thing we were really needing. The hotel agreed to let their guests use the facilities at the Sheraton nearby. After creating a fuss they agreed to let us have free transport daily to the Sheraton and to be fair, the sheraton puts the radisson to shame. Same city location but appears so much more of 5*. Anyway, had the pool been operational I dont think theres much to complain about. Food - PLenty of choices, theres a restaurant for everyones taste.Breakfast was nice with a good selection.Service - Couldnt fault. Anything we needed was brought to us in a matter of minutes. Rooms - as already said on the small side along with the bathroom but to be expected from a city hotel. If no beach options or back on business then yes would most likely use this hotel again, if the sheraton wasnt available but Im hoping to go back to Dubai in June 2008 and will most def be staying at the beach in a true 5*.	
Nov 1 2007 	excellent service	I stayed in this hotel last week for three nights, The service was excellent and nothing was to much trouble for the staff who went out of their way to ensure you enjoyed your stay. Plenty of restraunts and bars with an array of food and again amazing service. This hotel is situated overlooking the river and situated close to the souks. The beach is a half hour in a taxi which although are very cheap the taxis are very difficult to get and can end up waiting around for one quite a while. Overall had a wonderful stay at the Radisson.Elizabeth Hudson - Dublin, Ireland.	
Oct 24 2007 	Excellent	Just returned for a short three night stay at this hotel and can't praise it enough. The hotel is - as most in Dubai - very good - great resturants and nice rooms - but what gives the Radisson its edge is the staff. There are always lots of staff available at every location - resturants, bars and reception - and they were all professional, polite and helpful. Special thanks to Wasantha Dharmasena who went the extra for us and solved our reservation problem (my fault). It was a really great stay and we can't wait to return.	
Oct 18 2007 	Beautiful Hotel Great location	We were picked up at the airport in a Lexux SUV and were allowed early check-in (9:30 a.m.) The room was beautiful with two balconies, couch, incredible beds, t.v, wet bar, large bathroom and even a bidet! The hotel overlooks the creek and is a not too long walk to the souks. The restaurant (steakhouse) was excellent as was the pastry shop in the lobby. The staff was friendly and helpful. Large pool area and nice to sit on the balcony and watch the dhows cruise by. I'd definitely stay here again.	
Oct 16 2007 	Great hotel but poor location...	I have just returned from a weeks vacation in Dubai. I stayed at the Radisson SAS on Diera Creek where I was looked after very well. My room had a wonderful balcony view of the Creek where I enjoyed the sunsets every evening.The service was excellent. The restaurants for lunch were perfect but breakfast was limited to our western tastes... Arabic burgers for Breakfast were passed-by for cereal, toast with fresh orange juice. The rooms were well kept but the bathrooms were small and a bit 1970's looking. The hotels 'British' themed bar called... 'The Pub', did not provide the friendly service that you might have expected but the lobby bar, 'Marbles' was a better option. When you stay in The Radisson you are spoilt for choice of restaurants... most looked very good but I decided to go to the Jumeirah area at the other end of the city most evenings for dinner. This leads me to my biggest issue with the Diera Creek area... the Radisson in Dubai is a great hotel but its now located in the WRONG end of Dubai for most tourists. Unless you are there on business, I strongly suggest that you find a hotel in the Jumeirah beach area close to all the other major hotels, shopping malls and restaurants.I really enjoyed my stay here but when I return to Dubai... I'll probably stay closer to the tourist areas of Jumeirah.	
Oct 3 2007 	Mixed feelings	Stayed here for 5 nights on a business trip. Booked through Expedia and when I got to the hotel, at 1am in the morning, was told there were no non-smoking rooms available, even though I had requested one when I booked. I said I couldnt sleep in a smoking room so they eventually caved and upgraded me to the club floor. Room was ok, not very big, slightly tired and shabby, especially the bathroom. Got the free club breakfast which was OK although Im not a big breakfast eater so might suit other people better. Staff were ok, usual friendly housekeepers with slightly snooty front desk staff. Ate twice at the italian there (La Moda) which was nice food, nice staff and reasonable. There is a noodle bar called Yum which has good food but possibly the worst service and most unfriendly staff I think I have ever had before. Very very poor. Best place to eat is across the road at the Sheraton where there is a brilliant Indian place called Ashiana.I doubt I will return here. If you have business here you are better on Sheik Zayeed road, if you want a holiday you are best on the beach at Jumeirah. This is on the wrong part of the city now, traffic to get anywhere apart from the Deira City Centre mall is horrendous and even to get to the DCC mall took around 15 minutes. All in all this was expensive, in the wrong place and is bettered by all the newer hotels. Even if Radisson do one of their usual refits on the place the location is very poor.	
Aug 13 2007 	Fantastic first experience of Dubai and the SAS Radisson	Travelled on business to Fujairah for two days with wife and 14 year old son. Stayed in Dubai for 5 nights at the Radison. Fantastic service and facilities. Payed a littke extra for the Royal Club room. This entitled us to VIP breakfast, free afternnon tea and snacks. From 7 until 9 you can use the same facility on the 10th floor to have drinks (anything you want) with fantastic views over the city.The staff really made our first stay in Dubai a great experience and then took us to the airport when we checked out.I would recommend this hotel to anyone as it is central. Taxi's are cheap, cost us £7 to go to the Mall of Emirates and the skiing.The 12 restaurants in the SAS are also ood value.	
Jul 28 2007 	Fantastic trip	We booked this hotel late so the choice was limited, but we werent at all dissapointed, While the rooms are not massive they are very clean and comfortable. Everywhere in the hotel is spotless. The restaurant choices are fantastic, the breakfast buffet is beautiful, many many choices and very attentive staff. Would definately go back again. Location fantastic for getting around the whole of the area, souks and beaches. Taxis very cheap	
Jun 25 2007 	Excellent hotel!	Stayed here recently and will book it again for my next trip. The hotel is truely a 5 star - the staff were friendly and helpful, any requests we made were dealt with immediately, the hotel restaurants were really terrific. The room size was big, we were allowed early check in (5 hours before regular check in) and the breakfast buffet was superb - huge variety, food was fresh and tasty and staff were on hand all the time.Would highly recommend the Radisson SAS at the Creek. We had a really great stay there and it made our trip to Dubai all the more enjoyable!	
Mar 6 2007 	A nice hotel	I have stayed in this hotel a few times, the last for Christmas, and can say that it is consistent. The rooms, balconies, and bathrooms, while small for a five star, are immaculately maintained and there is a pillow menu which is appealing. The concierge staff are exceptionately friendly and helpful and any waiters we encountered were most attentive, polite and friendly.The Palm Grill offers delicious (but pricey) Wagyu and Kobe beef, the Minakato Japanese restaurant is very authentic (amazing sashimi), the Noodle Bar is cheap and yummy. There are loads of restaurants to choose from but avoid the English Pub menu!The nightclub is terrifying...full of ladies of the night. If you are a woman on your own, don't go in there, and even with female friends it is presumed you are on the game. That's the main draw back of this hotel. It's a business hotel and not particularly for families so I guess it attracts that sort of thing!The pool area is ok, nothing special. It's a bit dated and needs some landscaping really.It's a great area of Dubai if you want to be near souks, shopping malls and the creek but not if you want the sound of the ocean. That's about 30 minutes away by car. And the traffic is brutal. Gridlock between 5pm and 7pm.This hotel is one of the first 5 stars in Dubai so it's around since the 70's. It can't compare to some of the flashier, newer hotels but it is nice and I would stay there anytime.	
Nov 17 2006 	Needs renovation good support staff though bad for the price	I stayed in Dubai for five days. My first hotel the Hilton Deira Creek was very nice. Black marble etc.. They were booked my final two nights so I had to go to the Radisson. Same price, much less hotel. Very good service staff! Must go to the Chinese place for Dim Sum, even if not staying in the hotel. The rest is maybe average. No room service menu in my room. No spa for men. Very mediocre for too much money.	
Nov 6 2006 	In urgent need of upgrade	We booked an Ambassdor suite under the Intercontinetal for 4 nights and we got two connecting smallish rooms !!.I doubt very much that any 5* hotel in the world (let alone Dubai) still offers this type of accomodation. My company supplies various hard finishes to international chain hotels and as such I am always evaluating (even on holiday)...I am a &quot;professional&quot; traveller at IC Platinum Ambassador level.This hotel is in urgent need of upgrade..most common areas (including swimming pool) and rooms are worn out and out of date.Certainly not a 5* hotel ...and I suspect it should not have been a 5* for some time not just since the Radisson take over.Staff are friendly and food very good - Club Level retains old fashioned grandeur and service is good.If on holiday look to stay around the beach area..prices can be very similar.	
Oct 14 2006	The Titanic is sinking	I've been staying at this hotel almost every month for the last four years. To me it was one of the best hotels in the World for quality of service. It was remarkable when I stayed here last week how quickly things had changed in under two weeks of Radisson control, and not for the better.I can give many examples, but the most telling sign was the new Radisson management. The Intercon managers would always smile, acknowledge you and often introduce themselves when they walked past you or entered your lift. The Radisson management - forget it, you might as well be some anonymous shopping centre shopper. And that includes the General Manager - to whom I introduced myself ! What example does this set the hard working, dilgent and loyal staff ?? - who I'm pleased to say are still there. Hopefully this is a glitch, I fear alas it is not.	
Oct 10 2006 	Surprisingly good	Having read the mixed reviews on here I was unsure what to expect from my stay. Have to say I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Intercontinental (I think it's now changed hands to the Radisson). I stayed in the Club rooms with my wife and daughter and it was certainly value for money, the club floor was good to get out of the room and a free breakfast buffet, afternoon tea and 2 hours of free alcohol (with huge measures) in the evening it was well worth it. Outside leisure areas aren't amazing compared to many other Dubai hotels, but they're decent for catching some sun and it's never too busy. I liked the location too, you can go out on to the creek and get a water taxi easily to any of the souks, the hotel's dinner cruise was also surprisingly good. Taxis are so cheap in Dubai that getting around from there isn't a problem (eg. around 40-45 Dirhams, £6, $12) to the Mall of the Emirates.Not sure what Radisson have planned for it, but had it stayed an Intercontinental I would definitely have gone back. Having stayed at a beach hotel in the second half of my stay I wish I'd just extended my break here.	
Oct 6 2006 	its ok but not 5 star	Stayed here recently. If you are a tourist you are best to stay near the beach somewhere. its ok but not 5 star - the rooms are ok, the pool is just ok, the gym is pretty poor. The irish bar is dark and dingy, the koo bar is full of &quot;pretty ladies&quot; and the other bar is just loud! sound like an old grandma don't I but I'm certainly not that! Check out other 5 star is my advice!	
Sep 5 2006	Sure Thing	Professionally run hotel.Very competent staff and very friendly too, without being servile.A real asset for this hotel.All rooms, executive and standard, look the same, i.e. smart and comfortable beds, but some are more noisy then others. Do not advise to stay too close to the pool : room was steamy and persistently mold-smelling.My biggest problem was the door slamming along the corridors , really abnormal, could hear it until 2 a m and then from eight o' clock in the morning. I remedied putting an additional materass and two pillows on top as to &quot;seal&quot; the room's door : it worked !Beautiful choice of restaurants (10) ,with great food and wonderful staff, my son being treated like a prince, or a sultan to put it better.Beautiful view but the price to pay is being on the &quot;wrong &quot;side of the city: takes ages, maybe centuries, to go to Jumeirah, the hot spot of Dubai. Traffic's a real downer in Dubai.Very &quot;active&quot; night life within this hotel with loads of Russian girls visiting the establishments. Whether this is a plus or a minus - I leave to you.	
Jul 28 2006 	Great Hotel	My Husband had to go to Dubai for work and I tagged along... The travel agent at his company put him in this hotel, it didn't dissapoint! It was a very nice hotel the room was clean and neat and the bed was very comfy. The comforter was soft and squishy. The pillows were amazing. We we there during the summer so it was really hot outside and extremely muggy.The staff at the hotel were very nice and helpful. The doorman was always there to help get a cab and the conceirge was available for questions. We ate at The China club, the pub, and La Moda. All three were excellent and we would go back to all of them again.	
Jul 14 2006	Still good after 15 years of visits....	The inter-con is one of the 2 oldest hotels in Dubai and whilst she is showing her age, she is still a Grande Dame of an Hotel. The staff are generally first rate and experienced. The Maitre d' in breakfast, room service staff such as Cora and Roston and the team at the health club are all superb. Over the years i have eaten in all of the restuarants, all of whcih are great. The china club is superb and i love Yum for a quick cheap meal. My favourite is The Palm Grill, where you can get the BEST steaks and hear the best sounds. John Anthony Little is a fantastic artiste and makes your evening with his piano playing a sublime singing. If we'd discovered him on our first night we'd not have gone anywhere else at all. The health club has had a make over and the spa is now open for both sexes 24 hours a day, (in the past it was certain hours for men and certain hours for women). I just hope that once Radission get hold of it, that they plough some money into it to maintain and enhance the standards. The traffic is a pain on Banyas Road, but hey that is Dubai where the car rules. It's a great position if you want to see the REAL Dubai and not all the stuff that is being built out on the beach. One other thing - if you want a reputable and reliable jeweller with good honest prices check out CARA, shop 24 at the Gold &amp; Diamond Park - i have been going to him for more than 10 years and they really know their stuff and have great prices. Ask for Kiran or Anil and say that &quot;Barry H&quot; suggested you go there. They just made us two fabulous diamond rings and 2 gold &amp; platinum commitment rings, which i designed, all for a fraction of what you'd pay anywhere else. Other top tips - go to the Park Hyatt for drinks. Have a shisha on the creek or a luxury one at the mirage hotel, esp after a meal at Tagine. Eat at Automatic for fantastic value arabic food. Just have fun &amp; enjoy! &lt;Barry H&gt;	
Jun 25 2006	Great Hotel in a central location	Stayed at the Intercontinental from June 20-24 2006. We had stayed there before and requested one of their Club rooms. This ensured that transport was provided from the airport (return), breakfast and evening drinks/canapes between 7-9pm. This was excellent value as even champagne was available. The Club lounge manager (Catherine) was wonderful throughout our stay and couldn't do enough to assist us. She came from Scotland and made us feel really welcome. The Club floor check in/reception is on the 10th floor and is used as a concierge service also. The rooms are of average size and maintained by housekeeping really well, with a turndown service every night. The Club floors tend to be on the higher floors of the hotel and are divided into smoking and non smoking floors. There are two views from the rooms - all with creek view but either side of the hotel with a pool view or city view. As this is a business hotel, most guests are not around the pool area in the day and we found it easy to obtain a sunbed and towels are available (just sign and give your room number). There are lots of restaurants within the hotel - a great value noodle bar called Yum, a fish market, steakhouse, fantastic Japanese and Chinese and a typical style English Pub. The views of the Creek are wonderful at night and watching the abras criss cross is fascinating. The biggest nightmare is getting around as the road in front of the hotel is extremely busy and the traffic jams are horrendous - to cross the creek on the bridge takes forever. The location of the hotel is very central for the gold (5 mins in a taxi) and spice souk and Deira City Centre for shopping. Overall a lovely hotel with excellent service. The only shame is that it's not going to be an Intercontinental soon as Radisson are taking it over sometime in October or December. However, they are (surprise surprise in Dubai) building a new Intercontinental in Festival City which is going to apparently surpass this one. Watch this space.....	
Jun 14 2006	Great base to explore town	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Dubai Intercontinental for 6 nights at the end of Feb (2006) and really enjoyed our stay.The HotelThe hotel is in a perfect location to explore the town area either by foot or by taxi. Taxi’s are of the plenty and extremely cheap. The staff at the hotel are extremely friendly and efficient. All of our calls to housekeeping were answered within 15 mins.We visited during the winter months but it was still warm enough to relax by the pool (heated to 30 degrees). The pool area overlooks the Creek and there was usually a breeze, which was cooling. The hotel had a lot of guests who are there on business so the pool area was never very busy during the day and getting a lounger was never a problem. The hotel has over 10 restaurants and bars to chose from of the evening. We ate in a few of the restaurants and never had a complaint, the Chinese in particular we enjoyed. We enjoyed the bars also, but its worth mentioning there are a few young ladies around looking for business. General DubaiWe visited the beach area of Dubai a couple of times, but did not rate the public beach too much at this time of year. It appeared quite baron and the sea has a strong current. Also, it’s worth mentioning that there is not any public transport to speak of (until 2010, apart from a minimal bus service), so the roads are really congested. It can take a while (over 1 hour) to travel from the Creek to the beach.The Souks are a great place to soak up the atmosphere, definately worth a visit. Also, you must take a trip across the Creek on water taxi, its excellent value for money.We were lucky enough to visit during the men’s open tennis tournament and we bought a couple of tickets for the quarterfinal, which was excellent, we would definitely recommend a visit. Also, the Irish Village is also situated within the stadium where there is a Bar with a large beer garden and lots of restaurants to choose from. Something to note about the grandstand was that there is no shade, so would advise taking something to protect form the midday sun.	
May 19 2006	Superb	I found the price (approx USD225 pn), the room, the staff, the service, the amenities all fantastic.The staff could not do enough to accommodate any request. The breakfast included in room cost was amazing, everything from cereal to sushi plus you could have any request cooked for you on the spot. I only ate in one other restaurant (Yum), and the service was excellent and food was well presented and delicious. I have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to anyone. The Thai massage in the fitness club was amazing.	
May 8 2006	Great base!	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Intercontinental Dubai from the 15th April to 22nd April 2006 as part of our two centre holiday. On checking into the hotel, the service and greeting was great, we were given an upgrade through being premier card owners, which took us into a 'deluxe room.' Neither my boyfriend or I are smokers, and therefore specifically requested at reception a non smoking room. On entering the room there was a strong smell of smoke, and an ash tray on the balcony which hadn`t been emptied, not really a good start, but the room WAS lovely once we resolved that! Room service 'instant call' was excellent, very efficient and requests were taken care of momentarily. We ate at a couple of the hotel's 11 restaurants, Yum and the fantastic Palm Grill. My boyfriend and I are really big fans of steak, and I have to say that the meal and steak at the Palm Grill was the best we`ve ever had, 10/10 on the food and setting, especially when the jazz pianist/singer is around! DEFFINATELY worth a visit.Overall the hotel is in a great location in the old part of Dubai, close to allot of the tourist attractions, eventhough to get to any of the highlights of Dubai no matter what distance, taxi`s are so cheap and are ALWAYS available outside the hotel. Whilst we were in Dubai we visited lots of other Hotel`s which, eventhough we were happy with the Intercontinental, the competition nearer Jumeirah, is just out of this world!! (You must try the Mina a`Salam for Friday Brunch - what an experience!)To conclude, great hotel, great location, great for first time visitors to Dubai to get the feel of the place, but when you see what is on offer hotel wise else where in Dubai, you may opt to go somewhere else on another visit!	
Mar 28 2006	Loved the InterContinental	My friend and I recently had a three night stopover in Dubai staying at the InterContinental. Our room was lovely with a balcony view to Dubai Creek in one direction and the hotel pool in the other direction. We had two single beds in our room and, the beds and pillows were nothing short of magical. We found the hotel staff to be courteous, helpful and pleasant. There were plenty of choices for breakfast in both the Lobby and up on the 10th floor. We dined in the hotel restaurants and the meals were superb and we felt reasonably priced. The Taxi's were always at the front of the hotel so getting around wasn't a problem, we either walked or took a taxi. We found the heated pool very therapeutic after a hectic day shopping. On our last night we met up with a friend from Sharjah, so we took the InterContinental dhow dinner cruise, an enjoyable night only marred by mediocre service towards us (three females)and, when we asked for coffee - we were given one cup (for 3 of us). Also, the smell of sewage coming up from the dhow/water as we docked.	
Mar 20 2006	Great Locationaverage hotel.	The competition is so strong that the location is the one real stand out positive here.Overlooking the creek in a better position than the Hilton (but still the wrong side of the busy road which is cleverly not shown on the website photos of either hotel) but not right on the creek as the Sheraton is.It is a stroll to the gold souk,spice souk &amp; the river boat landing across to Bur Dubai.The very dated exterior does not reflect the efforts made inside.The restaurant choices are good,the lobby bar is entertaining in many senses.We had a standard room on a corporate rate,it was well sized &amp; decorated if a little dark.The sleeper beds at this chain are amazingly comfortable, the bathroom was a little tired but on the whole value for money.The pool area is good except for the constant drone of the central air-conditioning units nearby.In summary if you want to wander round &amp; experience the wharfside &amp; the souks this is an excellent choice. The rack rate is way too high given the alternatives but with a decent deal this is highly recommended if you want to actually see central Dubai for a 3/4 night break.	
Feb 16 2006 	Should give it a miss	I stayed at the intercontinental in Dubai for 4 days in Feb 06. I paid about $500 for what they called a suite (which was a slightly larger room,good bathroom though).The standard rooms are small and the bathroom facilities are even smaller.The location as far as the views are concerned is great but taxi's are not easily avalible and this being a 5 star hotel there is no system of arranging taxi's for the guests(which by the way is done in all 5 star hotels in dubai).Also the pool is o.k at best and there is a very ordinary health club as well. I would recommed this hotel for business people who have to stay in that part of dubai as getting in and out during the day is a nightmare.The resturaunts in the hotel are fine though no tea or coffee faciliites in the rooms (also standard these days).Staff was polite so no complains there.For $500 Grand Hyatt is better fr a city hotel.(extremely costly internet also).	
Jan 11 2006	Mostly good but here's some tips!	HiI stayed at the InterConti Dubai on 6-8 Jan 2005.The hotel location is fantastic for a first time visit to Dubai and proximity for a number of attractions. I had some concerns about getting around town - but the taxis are VERY good value.The hotel is 30 years old, and this is evident in the bedroom and particularly the bathroom sizes. Normally hotels of this standard would have seperate bath and showers in the rooms, but this was a 1970's &quot;Holiday Inn&quot; style bathroom. The in-room decor was recently refurbished. There is a massive selection of TV channels (probably the biggest I've experienced) - perhaps over 50 channels. Due to a cunning architechural design, each room does have a Creek View, also - each room has a small balcony with wooden furniture.Non-smoking rooms... smoking seems to be very popular in Dubai and this hotel, strangely, has no distinct non-smoking floor - rather pockets of non-smoking rooms indispersed with smoking rooms! This affected me when I woke up and other rooms' cigarette smoke was evident in my room (either through the common ducted aircon system), or coming in under the room door. Also, on booking in they don't offer a smoking/non-smoking choice - so request it if it's important to you.Overzealous Staff... you may want to make use of the &quot;do not disturb&quot; sign, if you spent any amount of time in the room, you are likely to be disturbed at regular intervals by a stream of staff all undertaking a specific activity (mini-bar check, turn down, etc) which seemed a bit much - I don't know why they can't do it all in one go!Internet access... common with many other Intercontinental properties, this hotel uses the WorldConnect devices in the rooms to facilitate power and network access. It seems some of these cables have been worn out - and this can, intermittently, affect reliable internet access. I reported a problem and a duty manager had to loan me a Cat5 Network cable to overcome the problem. Otherwise access is fast.Restaurants... there are a large number of restaurants onsite. I can thorougly recommend &quot;Yum!&quot; - the noodle bar... possibly some of the best Thai food I've had. Ever.Pool... another great advantage. The pool is on the 1st floor, is open until 10pm, is big and deep (deep end is 2.7m!!) and the water is warmed (to 28deg).Concierge Desk... very well done. Great advice and booking service for tours, shopping, transport advice. Also, you can book tours and add them to your room bill.	
Dec 13 2005	Fantastic Location	The Intercontinental sits alongside the creek in the Deira district of Dubai, close to the original gold souk. The hotel, although built in the 1970s, has recently been thoroughly refurbished. As the hotel is predominantly occupied by business travellers rather than holidaymakers the pool area, gym and tennis courts are always very quiet. The hotel's restaurants are all excellent and routinely win or are highly placed in Dubai's &quot;Eating out in the Emirates&quot; awards. My particular favourite is Shabestan, the Persian restaurant, which is ideal for a romantic meal. The restaurant has live music and views across the creek. This hotel would appeal to anyone who wishes to have a luxurious and quiet base from which to explore the older, traditional parts of Dubai whilst avoiding the crowds of tourists who flock towards the new high rise developments at Jumeirah beach.	
Nov 26 2005	Top class traditional hotel in great location	Ok , it’s a bit traditional in style and there is no black glass and chrome plus its more of a business hotel BUT its comfortable and in a wonderful position overlooking the creek . The pool area is huge for a city hotel with loads of sunbeds , highly recommended , if you want to stay on the creek this is the hotel for you	
Nov 1 2005	5 Stars for Location 	Okay, so it's one of the oldest quality hotels in Dubai, but that doesn't detract from the quality of service you receive, or it's ideal location close to the heart of the city. Staff are attentive at all times and maintain the interior immaculately. Only minutes from Bur Dubai and Deira and the hustle bustle that goes with it, yet far enough away to retain some peace and tranquility if that's what's required. Being on the creek waterfront adds an extra interest, whether it's taking a boat-ride, catching a water-taxi or watching the daily routine of a busy old-time port going about it's business. The standard rooms are a little small but with good facilities, so not really an issue. Thoroughly enjoyed our stay there and would happily return.	
Oct 23 2005	One of the oldest but still one of the best	I have now stayed here on half a dozen occasions, mostly on business but occasionally for leisure as well.The rooms are not the biggest for a 5 star hotel but don't let that detract from enjoying your stay at what i rate as still the best hotel in Dubai. Upgrade to the exec rooms and the view from the 10th floor breakfast bar are simply awesome.Most leisure travellers will head for the beach hotels - but if they dont visit the hustle and bustle of Deira and the gold souks then they have missed the whole point of Dubai. Just walking along the creek and seeing all the dhows being loaded and unloaded is what this place is all about. After dark is when the creek comes to life. The hotel is only a 2 minute cab ride from the City Centre mall.Restaurants at the Intercon are amazing. In fact there are so many that you dont need to leave the hotel to eat all week. The gym is large and a good array of exercise equipment to choose from.	
Oct 9 2005	Thoroughly enjoyable	I wholeheartedly agree with previous comment. The Intercontinental is bang on form.Just had a short holiday there last week (Oct'05) and couldn't fault it. Stayed in the Club level and the staff could not have been more helpful and pleasant.No, it is not the newest, most modern 'marble palace' in town but it makes up for this with character, and plenty of it. Watching life go by on the Creek from your own balcony is a real plus.I've tried other hotels in Dubai, but for the right balance of business/holiday the IC beats them all.	
Aug 17 2005	Construction is finished. now great again		
May 18 2005	there are much nicer hotels in the area		
Apr 15 2005	Great Look		
Mar 11 2005	paint fumes!		
Feb 1 2005	Very noisy but handy location		
Jan 30 2005	Construction going on at hotel !!		
Jan 19 2005	Great location a bit tired		
Jan 12 2005	Intercontinental Dubai		
Dec 12 2004	Excellent choice if you DON'T like lying in the sun!		
Oct 14 2004 	A favourite		
Oct 9 2009 	Luxueux		
Oct 8 2009 	hotel dubaï		
Mar 30 2008 	Toujours aussi excellent que l'ex Intercontinental		
Feb 9 2008 	Ottimo hotel nella parte vecchia della città		
