Nov 9 2009 	clean and comfortable	comfortable hotel and also cleankind reception but not much informativenice view at the roof restaurantsbut do not expect a big swimming poolwe were ok with the hotel location toocause in Dubai usually tourists take taxisince there is limited metro stations	
Oct 30 2009 	Great Hotel	Dont' listen to anyone from London about this hotel. They complain about everything. Hotel room for money was great. Reception awesome. Bar/club/food superb. Prob. not a place to take cares for there are girls in the club but its Dubai. You don't like someone ignore them. Overall very happy and will stay again. Cheers	
Jun 18 2009 	This hotel is ok.	Nice hotel was conveniently located, the rooms were clean. I really liked the view from the hotel roof. The down side was that we were given a room right above the Philippine night club, the music was heard till the early hours of the morning.The door man Ray was really helpful as we often would ask him for advise on places to visit. I would not recommend to visit this hotel with family as there is two nightclubs and does not feel like a family orientated hotel.Overall I enjoyed the stay and I would go back with friends if it was at the right price.	
May 27 2009 	Well Located Sea View	The hotel is very much in the city. Very close to Markets in Mina Bazzar. Good exterior. Capsule lifts. Modern look. The staff are very cordial and helpful. Good break fast. But the negatives are 1. They charge 100 Dhirams (28US $)for a day wi fi Internet. The worst part is they never tell this advance. This comes as a surprise while one checks out.2. Even though newspapers were supposed to be left at door steps, unless you ask for it is not given3. Coffeee maker requirements are not replenished properly. But the positives over weigh the negatives	
May 13 2009 	good value helpful staff good shuttle service to beach	After reading the reviews I was worried about going, however it is not like the reviews I read.Hotel staff were all helpful, room cleaned every day, clean sheets, towels. Rooms on the small side but acceptable for purpose.Lovely chinese restuarant on site, free shuttle service to the beach was super. pool was perfectly good enough. NO one else was using it. Staff had sunbeds put on the pool areas for us. Did not hear the night club!!! Did not see any undesirable people using the hotel. It seemed to be a business persons type hotel. Beach was about 10 minutes away. Not the best location if you want a beach holiday. Overall I could not compain about anything	
Apr 27 2009 	Absolutely fine	I went to this hotel not expecting much at all after reading the reviews on here - I had images of a grotty hotel full of hookers. I have to say I was pleasently surprised - very clean, friendly staff, good breakfast. Location was fine - it is far from some places but Dubai is fairly spread out so you can't expect to be near everywhere wherever you stay. The pool was too small but the beach was very nearby so didn't need a pool anyway. Brilliant for the price!	
Mar 8 2009 	Not much to complain	I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights with my wife in a standard double room and paid about 175 USD a night inclusive of breakfast and taxes. The room had a lingering smell of smoke though there was a sign on the door which said it was a non-smoking room. The breakfast was ok, nothing much to write home about. The pool was on the terrace and small as mentioned in previous reviews. Generally, the staff were very helpful though some of the front desk personnel would have done better sporting a smile on their faces rather than a frown. I was on the 3rd floor and didnt hear any loud music inspite of staying over the weekend. On the whole, clean room (except for the smell of smoke), clean linen, ok location, helpful staff but a little overpriced for what you get. Wouldnt hesitate to stay here again if I cant find something better for the same price.	
Sep 14 2008 	Average Hotel	Stayed at this hotel 4N/5D to attend a symposium. I went to Dubai last february and the weather was excellent. This month , with a 40 degree temperature average it seems like we are in huge steam room- definitely not advisable to go to the Emirates during summer season. Hotel was not in a convenient location, the room where i stayed was not that bad, but water in the bathroom was really HOT! - and i mean it. Service provided by the staff was satisfactory though. Buffet breakfast was definitely not bad. More of a 3 star considering the caliber of the deluxe hotels in Dubai.	
Aug 23 2008 	hookers on tap	well the old seaview hotel, hardly outlooks the sea !, anyhow the most noticable thing is the amount of hookers from china and elsewhere located in the hotels club, this if your taking kids is great to know and something not mentioned anywhere else !so if you fancy catching something dodgy, yep a great choice...	
Aug 23 2008 	Not Good	Just come back from Dubai, and from the Sea view hotel. For a start you cant see the sea unless you go to the top floor which is wear the pool is located.Staff were very nice, it was a clean hotel, the cleaner were nice too.BUT the most horrible thing was the Disco. They have a nightclub which is on the 7th floor. This starts at 10pm and finishes at 3am in the morning.They play very loud music non-stop and with servable requests to turn the music down this did not happen and wont. You cant go to sleep its that loud.This is most bad thing about the hotel. I asked the staff is this a hotel or a nightclub?? Pool is quite small, not a big gym but still good and the bedrooms are on the small side.Went to Dubai 2 years ago and stayed in a 5 star hotel which was wonderful.Sea View is a 4 star and I think this should be a 3 star.Food is good for breakfast. You can get taxis around this area too.I would not stay in this hotel again.	
Aug 21 2008 	Disappointing – don’t bother!!	We stayed in May 2008. Upon arrival (we arrived around 6am) we were unable to check in until 2pm. (This is standard however it wasn’t much fun trying to get some sleep in the hotel reception after a tiring flight). The hotel was clean however very dated. The location is not so nice – it’s in the old part of Dubai – with no Seaview!!!. To get anywhere you have to take a taxi – which is fine, however because this is 4 star hotel – taxis are not ready available as they are from 5 star hotels. Some times we would end up walking miles in the hope to get a taxi especially in rush hour. The food is ok – we only had breakfast. The hotel pool is very disappointing. It’s on the roof which sounds wonderful – however it’s very shabby up there and the pool bar is not open in the day. The hotel has a couple of night clubs. If you stay here ask for a quite room. The first room we stayed in you could hear the night club. We moved to another room which was a little better. One thing to be aware of even though Dubai is a Muslim country the hotel is full of Pilipino ladies of the night (if you know what I mean). Over all if you want to enjoy Dubai I would recommend you stay in a 5 star hotel. These hotles have great facilities and private beaches – we spent all of our evenings in different hotels.	
Aug 4 2008 	Happy and sad	We have just returned from our annual hoilday,we chose to go to Dubai for the fifth time,only this time we did not stay in the Jumeirah beach hotel. We chose the sea view hotel, after reading some of the reviews we were not sure what to expect.we were greeted at the airport by a representative from the hotel and escorted to a lovely clean car,on arrival we were greeted by the hotel staff,who were very pleasent,it was the early hours of the morning after all.We too had to surrender our passports but that is common practice in Dubai in what ever hotel you stay in.The food at the hotel is gorgous and the harbour cafe is spotlessly clean as is all other bars and lounges,staff are allways cleaning.As I have said earlier in this review we have stayed in Jumeraih beach hotel ,and i can not compare it to that,but what i will say is it is a great hotel,the pool is small but very clean,bedrooms are clean.as for the disco noise,we never heard it once.Th manager went out of his way every day to check that we were happy.Do take the trips as they are great value for money as is the hotel.We were happy to be there and very sad to leave.see you next year sea view.	
Apr 5 2008 	sea view? more like construction site view!	First of all let me say that if you go on the sea view website the gym picture is NOTHING like how it looks,neither is the pool.From the pool the view is not exactly ideal as there is alot of construction.The hotel is located on a motarway area.which is quite uncomfortable as some things are within walking distance but the heat is unbearable and there are lack of taxis avalibale.The water park is not near either nor is the beach it takes about 25 mins to get there....The manager was a horrible arab man, who literally screamed at my 10 year old child and her friend for sitting in the lobby chair late one nite, whilst i was getting my purse from the bar.I was very outraged and personally did not like the attitude the arab manager,he didnt even apolagise to me or my litlle child.The salon is a rip of and the pool is very very small.Room service was bad also,and took along time to deliver., they charged us for items taken out of the mini fridge before we even arrived!!!Furthermore when we arrived at the airport our taxi transfer was not even there to pick us up as he had waited about 5 minutes and decided to leave.Leaving me and my 2 children to make our own way to hotel which took extra time and alot of confusion.Again i will add that the location where it is set is horrible.I felt like i was staying on a deserted ,dusty motorway,not a nice setting.Ladies beware there are alot of perverts, one of them tried to drown my teenager daughter and said ludicrous things to her at the water park,also the beach was uncomfrtable as men would gather and stare at the women on the beach.There were only two parisols by the pool, which was very inconvinient.I really do not recommend familes going here,more suitable for peope who currenlty live in dubaai,as it just remined me of somewhere you would stay in your own country for example it just remided of stayin in the holiiday inn,london for example.Not many rooms,so a little unsociable and not exactly a resort.Bar was expensive and really quiet.i was really bored half the time,theres not much to do in the hotelAlso there were TOENAIL clippings on the carpet probably from previous guests meaning the rooms wernt cleaned regulary!!i was digusted.The breakfast time was ridiculous ,it lasted an hour and was very early i think about 7/8 ish which is silly becasue i think i only made it to breakfast once the whole time.to add to this it wasnt even nice,runny omelettes and chewy bread.On the way home also,the airport line (emirates) had lost our laugage!!i was very upset and thought i lost all my valuable belongings.The laugage was returned 3 days later.One of my jewelrry boxes had been broken into and all my jewelery was stolen,probably about £35,000 worth and irraplaceble gifts and items.The trip was disastrous, my dreams of traveling to dubaii were ruined, I really regret this holiday i wish i went to my inital holiday plans of going to my home in barbados, it was such a waste of money.nothing good.all bull...never travel with southall travel agents,and thourougly research where you will be staying if you do decide to go to dubaii.	
Mar 28 2008 	Seaview hotel - value for money	its the second time my wife and i have stayed at the seaview and i certainly recommend it. Although it is out of the way of the new dubai (marina etc), the money we saved was used for taxi's to get around. The staff are very attentive and are keen to help. It was our first holiday with our 1 year old daughter and the staff were always smiling and playing with her which always makes you smile. The rooms are basic but comfy and the food is good too. The braekfast buffet is enough to start the day!! Overall, i would recommend it as value for money. if you want to stay on jumeirah it will cost you nearly double the amount and i think this is the strongest point about the seaview. The rooftop pool is nice to relax in although there is no actual view of the sea!!! There is a nightclub on the first floor but if you ask for a room on the 4th or 5th floor you cant hear anything. As my daughter started to walk in the hotel, it holds special place for my family. Even without this, i would recommed it.	
Mar 28 2008	Welcome Seaview	We were welcomed at Dubai airport on 16 March 08 by one of the representative of hotel.Hotel is really beautifull and comfortable as well as being central to all amenties. Support staff has been very helpfull . Breakfast was included in the package - i still cannot understand why we have to pay for it on arrival - although we missed one on Thursday as flight was in the morning.It is fit and healthy hotel but lacked in iron deficiency ( no ironing board ) and passport control ( passport collected at reception - i thought i lost passport - on enquiry i was told it has collected by reception without any explanation )Leisure facilities were good although sauna/steam was at one end shower / changing faculties at the other end of hotel.Above all this is good 4* hotel.	
Jan 22 2008	great hotel	just back from holiday to the seaview hotel dubai .the hotel was very very clean food excelent staff great the owner is a very pleasant man and has time to spend chatting to all ,the manager is also a very pleasant man who also has time to spend with his guests never heard any noise from both of the discos in the hotel as has been reported in trip advisor. myself and wife plan to go back to dubai in april 2008 and are taking our 15 year old girl with us to the seaview hotet ,would reccomend this hotel very highly.	
Sep 27 2007 	great value for money	Went there with parents and younger brother to explore dubai, was fantastic city! This hotel was ideally situated for the souks the creek yet far enough away from the city so it was quiet and away from the very busy traffic. The hotel offered a great base for exploring the rooms were a good size and very clean. The bathrooms were clean and well equiped too. The staff were all friendly and helpful and the food in the restraunts was lovely. Our parents said the breakfast was lovely , my brother and I never quite managed to get there we were so worn out due to all the activities trough the day!!The hotel offered a great range of trips and tours for great prices - I recommend the jeep safari, dhow cruise the city tour to get your bearings, the museum, quad bikes and of course the shopping!!! Overall the hotel was everything you need, well posistioned clean and very comfortable and very friendly - excellent value for money!!	
Aug 20 2007 	trust me	everyone has different views on there stay here but let me tell you the staff make your stay worthwhile..with there hospitality, right from the doors entering the hotel. its very comfortable....and for those who keep complaining about the disco from the nightclub.......do these &quot;boring people&quot; go on holiday to sleep @ 11pm?!!!!! food is ok	
Aug 14 2007 	Fab Hotel!!!!	After seeing some bad reviews of this hotel I thought I better write about our experience. We stayed at the hotel last year Sept and it was our first holiday together. We had read some mixed reviews before leaving but thought we’d try our luck and we had a great time. We arrived at the airport and were greeted by a driver, when we got to the hotel we were told we couldn’t check in until 2pm (which we already knew). After seeing how exhausted we looked the staff said they will try they best to check us in as soon as possible and the wait wasn’t long before a room was ready for us. Our first impressions of the hotel and staff were excellent, and throughout our stay the hotel staff were so friendly and helpful, and were always there to assist us with anything we needed. We booked breakfast as well, and even though we didn’t manage to get up on time every morning when we did it as lovely and fresh, there were so many different things to choose from. I not sure about lunch or dinner as we never ate there, but it always looked busy. The room was lovely, it was big and clean. Housekeeping was excellent, we always came back to a lovely clean room the bathroom was a good size and was clean. The hotel does have a club which can be heard from in side the hotel but it wasn’t enough to keep us awake and once in our room we couldn’t heard anything.The location of the hotel might be a issue for some people, for us it wasn’t as there are taxis available from right outside the hotel (and the door man is more then happy to stop one for you) but if your planning on spending most of your holiday on the beach then I suggest you book a hotel in Jumeriah. The hotel was the pool was disappointing, it was small and didn’t look attractive. Also it’s above the hotel and did feel rather apart from the hotel.Another point the hotel is not as big as it looks on the pictures on the website but most pictures of hotels on websites are deceiving. Overall I would recommend this hotel we would definitely stay there again. It certainly met our expectations and made our first holiday a holiday to remember!!!!	
Jul 2 2007 	Is this a hotel or a nightclub?	We stayed at the hotel on two seperate occaissions this month on our transfers to Bangkok/London.This hotel seems to have more restaurants than bedrooms and a nightly discotheque that keeps you awake if you are unlucky enough to have a room close by. It is definitly NOT recommended for anyone who likes a quiet hotel and a good nights sleep. Beds were comfy and clean, but the noise...We were kept awake so much on our first night that we demanded to change rooms at 3am, which they did, to their credit, but why have so many bars, restaurants and a nightclub in a small hotel with inadequate sound proofing? Even the traffic noise and muzak in the corridors were a problem.The service was very good, airport transfers were relaible, the breakfast worse than average and the location great for the souks and old Dubai. A free shuttle ran to the beach daily, but we didnt use it. Oh, and there was an old corn-plaster in the bathroom for two days running. Yuk.	
May 10 2007 	Couple with a baby from Istanbul:This hotel is a bad hotel	We stayed in this hotel in Feb 2006. The only good thing about the hotel was hotel staff. They were very friendly and helpfull. The room were very small. The bathroom was awful! They put the bath tub too high that you cannot enter without getting help from somebody. I think the A/C was not working properly because we kept it 24 degrees during the night but we all get sick in the next morning. The breakfast was not good, there were very limited variety and there are no proper place for breakfast as it should be in a 4* hotel; there were only 5-6 tables in the middle of the lobby for the breakfast. The lobby were very uncomfortable and very small. The pool was funny! The size of the pool was not very different than average bath tub. And finally, the hotel was very noisy. Overall, if you couldn't find any hotel in Dubai and if you &quot;can not&quot; sleep in your car go to this hotel...	
Mar 25 2007 	If you search for rest in the night...run away from here!!	I have been in this &quot;hotel&quot; for two nights on a business travel, but I was disappointed for everything.First of all I arrived at 6.30 in the morning and I had to wait 6 hour before entering in my room, and I had to wait in the hotel's hall which is really umcomfortable.But the worst thing was the terrible noise in the night. There is a disco in the hotel which works till 3.00 o clock and I couldn't sleep cause the noise was so strong that was impossible to fall asleep. I don't really understand how it's possible this behaviour. It seemed to be in a disco not in Hotel!!!! they spent a lot of useless money to build it...they could buy some sound proofing panels to put in the disco in order to avoid the terrible noise.It's a shame!!!	
Jan 9 2007 	building works	I went with a group of friends and family to Dubai. I booked the hotel through 'Wired Destinations' and was not informed of any building works taking place during our stay. When we got to the hotel there was building works taking place and by the time we left they had scaffoldding up to the 7th floor. The noise was unbearable, it started at 8am and was going on through out the day. We spoke with the manager and was informed the work was scheduled to take place, however Wired Destinations failed to inform us. When we got back to London I made a complaint to Wired Destinations and was informed 3-4 weeks later the hotel had denied any work taking place at all. How could they, we had pictures to prove it? The banging during breakfast was unbelievable. I wouldn't book a hotel through Wired Destination ever again, I don't believe the information they provide and their customer service SUCKS? Anyway if you are going to Dubai stay near the Jumeriah area, it's much nicer than anywhere else.	
Oct 26 2006 	Average Hotel but would visit again if on a budget..	Me and a friend stayed at this hotel for 10 days in March. The other reviews are correct in saying that the intenet photos of the hotel are not in fact the reality, and the hotel does seem somewhat smaller than the pictures suggest - as does the pool. Other reviews are also right when explaining that the hotel is rather noisy. There are three nightclubs throughout the hotel and we were placed on the floor with the arabian bar (open till 3.30am). Now dont get me wrong, you can hear the music slightly (well rather the bass) but this did not at any time keep me awake, it just irritated me at times at the most. If we found we were getting irritated by the noise, well - if you cant beat em join em - and we would just go in for a beer. There is also the hotels location. Its right by the docks and you really have to get taxi's everywhere and its not central to any of the attractions of dubai. Taxi's are cheap however and the door man only too happy to flag you one down. Plus points are that its a very clean hotel, the staff are really really friendly and the food/drink nice. If you are thinking about catching the free shuttle to 'jumeirah beach' though do not bother. They just drop you at the nearest part of the beach to them and tell you they will come back for you a few hours later. What they dont tell you is that this is the middle of nowhere, there are no shops or anywhere you can get a drink from (in that kinda heat rather important id say!) and its right near the building works that are taking place in the ocean. There are also no taxi's nearby so its kinda torturous!. Also, and most importantly, this is a public beach. A lot of the beach in dubai is private owned by hotels which you can use for a small fee at the hotel reception (the jumeriah beach hotel in particular is excellent). Travelling as two females on our own, and then being taken to a private beach and left there was a little odd - we were actually being videod at one point (and we were not scantily clad in the least). If you have a little more money to spend then i would recommend staying at one of the beachfront hotels, and like i said the jumeriah beach hotel in particular is lovely. In fact, we normally ended up getting a taxi down there every day and paying a fee so we could use their facilities. Also the Madinat is a beautiful hotel and well worth a visit - especially their spa 'six senses'. If you are keen to see inside the Burg al Arab then you can book afternoon tea with them giving you access to look around certain parts of the hotel which is what we did. It worked out about £50 each but was worth the visit - just to see how the other half live eh!.	
May 12 2006	Very nice excellent staff clean and comfortable	Stayed at the Seaview for two night prior to going on a cruise. The staff was outstanding and very helpful. The location is very convienient to the port and easy access to any other areas that you would like to visit. The pool was refreshing. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Dubai.	
Apr 21 2006	Not good!	The hotel fell at the first hurdle with us unfortunately at check in. We appreciated that we could not check in until 2pm, we therefore went to my brothers house (who lives in Dubai) straight from the airport at 7am. We then rang ahead to see if, on the off-chance, we could check in any earlier, we were told we could arrive at 11. We arrived at 11:30 and were told the room would be another hour, we were told the same at 12:30 and 1:30 and eventually were given a room at 2:30. I wouldn't have minded at all if only we were told that it wasn't going to be possible to get a room any earlier instead of being fobbed off!The breakfast was appalling! The continental breakfast consisted of hard, dry pastries. The cereal was fine but like most people, we just can't stand it with the UHT milk! As for the rest... veal bacon (brittle and vile), very-hard boiled eggs, chips or mash, and curry! Honest!Pool was not good, nothing like photos on web. Awful view of the shipping docks, very industrial.Admittedly, didn't put the Do Not Disturb sign up but was still surprised to find the cleaner entering at 7 in the morning two days running.Disco IS loud.Plus points are that the hotel is clean and we did have a meal in the lobby cafe which was lovely.Although it is more pricey, if you are going all the way out to Dubai, my advice would be to splash out and stay in a hotel with it's own beach.	
Apr 3 2006	Not the Hilton but adequate	Just home from Aus with a 2 night stopover in Dubai. I had no problems with staff, noise or my room at the the Seaview Hotel.A nice man with a shuttle bus met me at the airport and returned me there for an early morning departure. Other than breakfast (which met my requirements), I did not eat at the hotel so I cannot comment on the food.My only negative would be that the hotel was a bit isolated. However, I could see from the Big Bus tour that most hotels are, for the most part, out on a limb, including the 7 star Burj Al Arab Hotel and taxis are needed to get anywhere.I would use the Seaview Hotel again.	
Mar 19 2006	Could of been better	I stayed at the Seaview for four days during St. Patricks Day and have to say it could of been better. The noise from the traffic is quite loud. In looking into the hotel before arrival the pictures make the hotel look HUGH, not the case. The restaurant was alright and the best thing on the menu was the Club Sandwich. The weight room pictured on the website does not exist as the only thing to lift was an outdated Nautilus machine and a garage weight set. Even with all of this I have to say the lobby was very nice and the hotel was kept very clean.	
Mar 4 2006	Has to be your last resort	My trip to Dubai was during the peak season when the Festival was supposed to occur, hence it was very difficult finding accomodation. I booked the Seaview as I had no other options and I had to hope for the best!! I have to agree with the other negative reviews.. (1)depending on you room there is no way you can get any sleep due to the loud noises from the disco, (2) the service is appauling and staff are rude and (3) there is a definate lack of facilities given the 4star rating of the Hotel.I must admit, after reading the review of the hotel I knew the hotel was not going to be perfect...but still I had hoped to at least get some sleep and decent service!	
Mar 2 2006	beautiful 5 nights	It was an excelent stay. The hotel is marvelous and located very much in a right area. The reservation staff was very competent. Over all it was a remarkable stay even though the rooms were little small as all staffs were very friendly.	
Feb 10 2006	needs improvement	Stayed a week at this hotel. Compared to other hotels in Dubai this hotel was a dissapointment. the rooms are on the small size and the bathroom was tiny. the breakfast was cheap and lacking in choice. The in house nightclub kept us awake due to the heavy bass thumping all night.The impressive lobby and decor was not matched by the service.There are plenty of other hotels in Dubai who can offer more and at a lower price.	
Nov 9 2005	We had a fantastic time in Dubai	My Boyfriend and stayed at the Seaview Hotel in Dubai in October 2004 and we loved it.The staff were very friendly and helpful. We went during Ramadan and there wasn't any problems with eating etc... The hotel provided a screened off area for the restaurant so you could eat, without offending anyone.The room was very nice and was always clean. Maybe this was because we befriended one of the staff who cleaned our room.I've read other peoples reviews and it says there was really load music. We didn't hear any music at all while we stayed there, but it might've been because it was during Ramadan.One thing I will mention though is that we were also asked to go on a trip to a watch factory to claim our free watch. We both thought this was strange and refused at first, but they called our hotel room again after thge first invite, to ask us again. We just ageed to get them off our back. The original invitation was on the Hotels own headed paper so thought it must be ok.We got driven miles and miles to a factory. (Maybe just offices). When we got there we were quite scared that we had made the wrong decision, but once we got inside the meeting room, were quite relaxed.We were shown lots of watches and had our photo taken together and chose the design for our own watch. The watches make was Kandahar, apparently swiss made. But for the price they were we thought you might as well get a proper designer watch. They also said the reason we were asked to go there was part of a relationship with the Dubai Government, that new tourists get a free watch.After being in the room for about 45 minutes or longer, we stood our ground and said we didn't want to buy one of their watches, just have the free one. We were then taken back to the hotel, no problems.I wouldn't recommend that anyone went, because it was a bit of a waste of time. Unless you really want a Tacky free watch with your photo on. Ha ha.But otherwise Dubai was brilliant and definately recommend it.	
Aug 24 2005	Super service and very friendly staff!	My husband and I stayed at this hotel for a week and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. All the staff were very helpful and I would recommend it to anyone.I loved the design of the hotel and our room was comfortable. It wasn't the best view in the world but you need to get out and explore in order to get that!Although you could hear the noise from the disco (we were on the 3rd floor) it wasn't as bad as described by some of the other reviews on this site. We had no trouble getting to sleep.There was a good range of foods at the breakfast buffet. I particulary liked the fact that there were some indian style breakfast choices.The 24 hour cafe meant that you could order food at anytime which came in useful.We were able to arrange visits to the Wild Wadi Park and the Desert Safari directly from the hotel which was very convenient.Overall, it's very good value for money. If you want spectacular views and huge pools you should pay extra and stay at one of the 5/6 star hotels!	
Jul 28 2005	Excellent Service	I would like to acknowledge the excellent service that Sea View Hotel Dubai rendered during my one week stay at the Hotel. The Hotel provided me and my wife with a homely and nice environment. My wife and I would always out Sea View Hotel foremost in our minds should circumstances allow us to go back to the beautiful city of Dubai. Before I went to Dubai, I had reservations because of the bad reviews of the Hotel in the Internet. But my one week stay proved on the contrary. Again, thank you and best regards to the Management and staff of the Sea View Hotel.	
Jul 7 2005	Loved the Hotel.	On my recent vist to dubai, i stayed in sea view hotel, the hotel was recommended to me by a friend. The service standards were great, the hotel location was good, the beach was very near, abt 5 minutes from the hotel, the hotel also provides complimentary shuttle to beach everyday, all in all it was a good stay in a friendly hotel.	
Jul 3 2005 	A VERY GOOD EXPERIENCE	i was in dubai on a business trip in april and stayed in this fantastic hotel &quot;Sea View&quot;.The kind of service I got from the hotel was fantastic, I had requested them to arrange for my visa which was done in 24 hours, really amazing. The meet and greet service at the airport was fantastic, even though my flight was delayed by almost 45 mnts when I came outside the airport, I found the driver waiting for me with a placard. On reaching the hotel I was really amazed has a very fantastic &quot;atrium&quot; lobby and rooms were very well furnished with soothing colors, the service was really great. In all I would recommend this hotel to anyone and everyone visiting Dubai.	
Apr 11 2005	Not all that bad	I have literally only come back from the hotel sea view in Dubai yesterday. I dont completly agree with all the other reviews here. The interior isnt actually all that bad. The reception were very helpful with regards to places of interest and places to go. The travel desk were very helpful in terms of confirming our return tickets. Isnt all that easy to run around a city finding airline offices if you arent familiar with urdu or arabic; the languages the majority spoke locally. Breakfast i wasent all that happy with, but that is down to preference i guess. I dont eat beef, only lamb. They didnt cater for this, which is dissapointing considering its a 4 star hotel. But they did offer things such as desert safari; a MUST if anyone considers going to dubai! Overall. Not exactly the best hotel in the world, but then, youd struggle to find a hotel you couldnt find anything to criticize about.	
Mar 19 2005	Don't trust the hairdressers as Seaview Hotel	I had my haircut and hair coloured at the Seaview Hotel and would like to share my experience with everyone who reads this. I did my research and found out that they are the most expensive out of all. To give you an idea, in the town (5 mins walk from the hotel), it would have cost me 100 dirhums to have a full body massage, hair cut and menicure plus pedicure (all included in a package). Although the hotel saloon was more expensive, I chose them due to the fact that i was advised that they have won awards in Europe and therefore I had trusted them more their competitors. One morning I went to book an appointment and ask the price. I was quoted, 750 dirhums and I found that to be too expensive. The hairdresser was kindly offered me a little discount, I still found that expensive. I asked him if he could do it for 350 dirhums and he agreed. As it was my last day in Dubai, I was busy shopping and herefore he kindly offered me an appointment at the time that was convenient to me (10:00 p.m, otherwise they shut at 8:00 p.m.). After completing my haircut and coulour, I was very pleased with his work. At the time of the payment, he asked me to pay him 950 dirhums and I was SHOCKED! After few arguments, I only paid him the amount we had decided, i.e. 350 dirhums.....BE CAREFUL!	
Mar 14 2005	Not worth going	I have just come back from a five day break at this hotel.Although centrally located,it is not the most ideal location for one who is willing to spend slightly more money to enjoy the city. On your first night, you will be greeted with loud thumping music which runs until 3 a.m the next day.There is no escape since there is an Indian,Arabic and Philipino club in various floors in the hotel. The hotel interior needs upgrading.The swimming pool is small enough to be classified as a fish pond with a view of Sheikh Rashid port and commercial container ships.Not my ideal choice of a sea view!!!!!The breakfast is hopeless!! .Canned fruit,packed juices,almond cakes hard enough to break a window!!. I was told that fresh juices are not included in the deal and would have to pay extra.The beach shuttle leaves only once a day - 10.30 a.m and back by 2.30p.m.This limits the time you can enjoy the beach!!The worst is yet to come.Many tourists I was with were promised a tour of a 'watch factory'. There is no factory at this site.The idea is to fleece tourists with 'expensive' watches priced from £170-£1000 but which are retailed at £5 in the streets. When I refused the offer to buy any watches, I was promptly packed in a cab and sent to the hotel. All I did was spend 30 minutes in a conference room being offered Swiss watches at factory price.Overall, if you really mean to enjoy your break, try other options. Sea View will not leave you with any worthwhile memories.SG Surrey	
Dec 7 2004	Reasonable Hotel	We stayed just 1 night at the Seaview, and had booked it before checking any reviews, so were a bit worried we wouldnt get any sleep. But we have stayed in worse hotels.The hotel was nice, but because of the shape of it, theres no avoiding the club/bar music at night. But we were on the 5th floor, and got to sleep fine. Breakfast was good, and sure the room was small, but you are only there to sleep as you want to spend heaps of time outside anyway.The only major complaint we have is that we arranged directly with the hotel an airport pick up - but no one met us - we were lucky to spot a hotel pick up for another flight, so waited until those passengers had arrived before we left for the hotel.	
Nov 20 2004	Forget about sleep	Couldn't agree more with the previous review - the noise in this hotel is the worst I've ever experienced and complaining gets you nowhere. We moved rooms 3 times in the space of a week and there is no getting away from the noise! It's incredible. Also beware that the photo of the pool on the website is nothing like what the pool is actually like. In reality it's tiny and there's nowhere to lie out! Skip this hotel if at all possible.	
Sep 22 2004 	dodgy hotel	This hotel looks really nice in the pictures but beware. There is a nightclub at the top of the hotel and the sound filters through the whole hotel all night so forget about sleeping. On the 1st floor is a wine bar which opens till late with lots of music as well, so even if you move rooms to the lower floors you encounter the same problems. The rooms are really small and the so-called executive rooms on the 5 &amp; 6th floors are more like standard rooms in the brand hotels. Basically, everyone who stays at the Seaview has the same complaints which goes as follows: you book an executive/deluxe room, you get put in a room on the 5th or 6th floor and you get a really small room. On the first night at 11pm, you hear these non-stop music and you ring the reception and they tell you - 'Oh its only a nightclub and don't worry, it last only till 3.30am'. So you request for a move the next day. The following day, you get transferred to a room on the 4th or 3rd floor. You get back in the evening to see you room and find its half the size of the dingy first room. So you ask for another room as you booked an executive/deluxe room and you get told 'Well sir, we do not have any other rooms. the hotel is fully booked. The only alternative is a room on the first floor but there is a bar there as well'. Do not book this hotel. Go for only brand name hotels in Dubai.	
