Jun 11 2009 	Excellent and Near the Airport	I have stayed at this hotel a few times and recently on 5th May, 2009. I find it luxurious and well annointed. There are large number of rooms to choose from and a food court in the lobby of the hotel provides ample food options.	
Nov 27 2008 	Not a Good Place	Biggest problem with this place is the service. Absolutely sub-par. Rooms are extremely basic, not very clean. My bathroom had a clogged sink. My room didn't have a clock or alarm, etc, etc, etc. Not a quality place at all. Needs better/more professional management that has some experience working in a quality hotel.	
Jun 2 2007 	Cheap and cheerful	We stayed in a family apartment for 6 nights, the accommodation was roomy and basically equipped. We expected noise from the airport but could hardly hear the traffic outside. The apartment was cool enough not to have the air-con on all the time, a plus factor not to have the noise all the time! The food outlets were okay - the Pastry Shop our favourite. Getting taxis too and from the Centre just depended on the time of day and the route. One day it took 2hrs from Ski Dubai, but the next day it only took 1/2hr. Anyway we got a tour of the city and outskirts. I would recommend a stay if you want value for money.	
Feb 5 2007	A good service apartment in Dubai	We were in Dubai for over two weeks this Christmas and New Year. It was a comfortable service apartment - 3 bedroom. A convenient kitchen, Just wish they had a microwave. A big plus was the availability of a washer/dryer. Staff was courteous and helpful, and any minor complaints were promptly dealt with. The rooms were spacious and clean. With 4 kids in tow we couldn't ask for a better deal. Will probably go back on our next trip.	
Jan 19 2007 	Great value for money	I stayed one night at the Al Bustan Centre and Residence, while in transit in Dubai.Positives: Price: At around US$75 this hotel is an absolute bargain for Dubai, a city with traditionally very expensive hotels.Friendly and efficient staff: While I only dealt with the staff at check-in and check-out, they were professional, courteous and efficient. My room key was waiting for me when I arrived. Check-in and check-out only took a few minutes.Room: I booked a studio room (#3255) and was very pleasantly surprised. The room was large (around 450 sq feet or 43 sq meteres) which is a very decent size. The bathroom was also a decent size with good bath and shower, and basic toiletries. I did not use the kitchen facilities, but noted there were plenty of pots, pans, glasses, a large fridge and a microwave. Good curtains blocked out the intense morning sun and all light. Air conditioning was very good which is important in a city as hot as Dubai. Furniture and room amenities appeared modern and in good condition. Sound proofing between rooms was excellent.24 hour reception: I arrived around midnight and was slightly worried (given the cheap price) that the hotel would be closed. There was no need to worry as there were plenty of staff available in the lobby and front desk.Negatives:Traffic: While not really the hotel’s fault, the traffic from the hotel to the airport was horrendous. It took me around 80 minutes to reach the airport. I would have missed my flight, but luckily I had my watch accidentally set to a different time zone (one hour behind). I intended to leave the hotel at 10am but inadvertently left at 9am! However, the trip from the airport to the hotel via taxi at around midnight took 10 minutes.Location: Unless you are looking for a transit hotel to spend one night, the location of this hotel has very little going for it. It is a long way from Dubai, and the traffic is so bad you will end up spending most of your time in taxis.Long walk with the bags: The room corridors are extremely long and the walk from reception to the room (at least the room I had) is probably half a mile long! If you have a lot of luggage consider asking for a room near to an elevator.Overall:I was surprised to read all the negative views of this hotel here on Trip Advisor. While the hotel is far from the best that Dubai can offer, it represents fantastic value for money. It’s only big downfall is the location which is inconvenient to everywhere except the airport. I would definitely stay here if transiting Dubai again.	
Jan 9 2007	Exactly what we wanted	We found the accommodation and facilities even better than expected when we had a 3 night stop-over en-route to Europe. Our studio was clean, quiet and appropriately equipped for our needs. The small kitchen area, although not &quot;gourmet&quot; as described, was quite adequate and after a visit to the market in the downstairs shopping mall, we were able to provide inexpensive snacks and even meals whenever needed. The staff were respectful, friendly and helpful on the few occasions we approached them. The Shuttle bus gave guests the opportunity to visit down town or the beach, although I would have liked a more frequent service perhaps. Most guest we spoke with like us, were pleased to stay at an inexpensive, but comfortable establishment as part of a stopover. I would recommend Al Bustan Residence from my experience. Brisbane couple.	
Oct 29 2006 	THIS PLACE IS A SCAM	Booked for 1 night thru Directrooms.com (Glad Enterprises) for a late night stopover in Dubai - booked for 2 adults &amp; 1 child. Got to the hotel at 12.00 midnight and led to our room which only had 2 single beds. My complaints to management fell on deaf ears - they stated that we booked a double room &amp; only sleeps 2 people - my confirmation letter stated 3 people - Hotel manager assured me they didnt have any other rooms to give us - they didnt even have a fold up bed to bring in so they brought up a dirty blanket and a pillow and expected one of us to sleep on the floor! I took the dirty blanket and pillow and went to reception and set myself up on the couch and told them if I didnt get a change I would sleep in reception where everyone would see me - within 60 seconds we were given another room. We finally got into our room at 1.30am which was useless as we had to get out at 8am to catch our morning flightAlso, this hotel is not 5 mins from airport - it took 20 mins with no traffic, so if there's traffic it will take you more than 30 mins.THIS PLACE IS A SCAM - DO NOT STAY AT AL BUSTAN RESIDENCE, DUBAIDO NOT USE DIRECT ROOMS.COM (GLAD ENTERPRISES)The booking website also gives a different address which makes you think you are booking the Al Bustan Hotel which IS close to the airport and IS a reputable hotel - MAKE SURE YOU HAVE THE RIGHT HOTELOh, and checkin took ages! At least 20 mins &amp; there were no other people in line!!!	
Apr 17 2006 	At that time it was the best deal	Value for money: was the best deal ever.Hospitality: Excellent.Stars: 4Facilities: Excellent GYM, and Pool. They have laundry room, mall, and huge car park.Location: Away from ctiy center, even further from Jumairah and Bur Dubai, and close from Sharijah.I will repeate it again only with the same price. (I got Executive Suite for $100/ Per Night)	
Apr 16 2006 	unprofessional uncomfortable	This hotel was a desaster, they were not able to check me in within 30 minutes after waiting for 15 minutes already though I had a prepayed reservation. The appartments are none, instead of a drawer there is a small kitchen front, all in one small room. No bathmat, no amenities, very simply equipped. Rather 2 star than 3 star but never 4 star! Even if the price is low its not worth the money.	
Apr 12 2006	Would not use this hotel again	We were upgraded to the Executive floor where the staff were excellent. But unless you are just 'passing through' Dubai this hotel is not in good position. The traffic is so bad there now it takes ages to get anywhere from this hotel. I would recommend staying near the Creek where there is a good choice of restaurants. At the Al Bustan Centre while we were there the only restaurant open was a fast food court. The other restaurant closes without warning if they are not busy.	
Mar 12 2006	Excellent Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for along weekend at a real knock down price, so wasn't really expecting too much from it. We were so wrong! The room was large, with it's own kitchen area. It was spotlessly clean. The fridge was replenished daily with complimentary soft drinks and water. The buffet breakfast was changed daily and always fresh. The staff were friendly and even checked us in 7 hours early with no hesitation. Couldn't comment on pool, never found it, too much shopping to do! Loved our stay here and will definately return, with the kids this time. Good hotel for families with arcade and shopping right next door.	
Feb 20 2006	My Stay	1st impression of this hotel was that the location was great and the rooms were nice and clean. I was rather disappointed that the swimming pool was nothing like they had displayed on the photo infact it was tiny and could have done with a good clean. There was no bar in this hotel and restaurant facilities only available in shopping centre. The staff attitude was a big issue. obviously when you have booked a hotel they know your check in and check out date. we booked through an agent as a package, our flight back home was at 23:45 and we recieved a note from the hotel mid week regarding our transfer that evening, the hotel informed us we would be picked up at 20:00. what they didn't inform us was that we had to check out by 12:00. we soon found this out when we arrived back to the hotel at 17:30 all ready for the airport our bags were in our room already packed since the morning, we literally just had to pick them up. Our key would not work in the door so we went to reception to inform them. They then told us we should have already checked out and that we have to pay 50% of a nightly rate which was 360 dirhams (£55). We were willing to make our own way to the airport early so we just needed to get our cases that was all, we still had to pay. when i went to the room every thing was made up ready for the next people so there was really no need to charge us as we didnt stop them doing what they needed to do ie; cleaning. This done it for me, the attitude of the staff means i would not choose this hotel again. it was my 3rd visit to dubai and definatly my last to that hotel.	
May 14 2005	Fantastic!	I'm not sure who rated this place as a 2 star but it definatley is closer to a 4! Security was great, which is important for a femaie traveller. Staff were exceptional. Rooms were clean and bright. No nightcub located on premises which is great as you an sleep @ night without creepy people hanging around. Facilities were fine. Convenient shopping centre located directly underneath &amp; only short drive to City Centre. Convenient parking.	
Sep 5 2009	Nettes Hotel		
