Sep 29 2009 	very terrible hotel	a lot of people is a 3 star hotel. not a good service, bad smell in the room. bad location in duabi. a lot of pullman outside the hotel and not super car, this hotel is not what dubai offer	
Aug 30 2009 	perfect stay	From the warm staff welcome, impressive facilities in and out of the room, state-of-the-art details and location, I think it´s one of the best options for a luxury accommodation in this vibrant city. Rooms are big and the beds are extremely comfortable. I also visited the Presidential Suite, an out of this world place. And a trendy bar completes the offer!In general, a highly recommendable property for all type of travelers.	
May 21 2009 	One of the best hotels I ever stayed in	Many people wrote that they found it somewhat peculiar that the hotel was nearly empty. Actually, it was quite empty when I was there, too. This is probably the reason why my company had cut an excellent deal for accommodating a number of it's employees for a conference. I remember some years ago that hotel rooms were hard to find in Dubai. It looks like this has changed - which is good for the customers. It brings the prices down.Everything was immaculate. Large room with great view, large bathroom with a small TV inside, a big desk, big double bed with big TV ... I ordered tea from room service and it came on a proper silver platter plus a vase with a real rose... You get the picture. A really posh place.The restaurants are very expensive. At 250 AED (70 USD) for a steak they must be really proud of their beef. I went to the Sushi restaurant instead, which wasn't precisely cheap either but gave the feeling of getting more value for the money. Alternatively you can get a cab any time and go eat somewhere else. Taxis are still cheap in Duabai.Quite impressive is the Cigar Lounge on the first floor where the Indian bar tender told me proudly that they only have Cuban cigars. There is also a small but good selection of Cognac and Whisky. The staff was very attentive and friendly. First day I ordered an espresso after lunch. The next day, the moment I headed for the dessert buffet, I was asked whether I like an espresso now.The only thing I found slightly disturbing was the fact that they charge extra for internet access in the room. At those prices this should be included.	
May 9 2009 	Amazing but really kind of different	I loved everything from the excellent service to the amazing rooms. However the main setback was in fact the creepiness of the whole thing. The place was totally empty! There was nobody in the hotel, I swear! I have no idea why. The staff may have been just a little bit too friendly, the place might have been just a little to empty.I really dont know, but it was definitely an odd stay. I loved it nonetheless. I would undoubtedly stay there again and again. It was a grand hotel, and hopefully other people are now aware of it...	
Apr 20 2009 	An unexpected pleasure!	We stayed for 7 nights over Easter 2009. My husband and I with our 21 month toddler. We had a really great time and I would definately use the hotel again for business or leisure travel to Dubai. For those that say hotel is quite, staff bored etc....take a look at the whole of the city, this is not monarch specifi - the credit crunch is biting everyone!Good things to say about the hotel:1) Staff really friendly and helpful - nothing was too much trouble for them and they actively anticipate your needs 2) Food excellent (including the kids meals - fresh cooked meats, pastas etc for small children)3) Pool area quiet and luxurious with attentive and friendly lifeguard staff4) Excellent childrens room facility with everything you could need to keep a small child occupied5) Rooms lovely, very private and excellent in room facilities6) Hotel limo transfer great!7) Conscierge really good service8) Lots of discounting going on within the hotel ie. Spa gives you a voucher for the restaurant and vice versa9) Spa - Mandara - lovely, lovely, lovelyLess good things (but had to dig deep for these!):1) Location good for business, less good for leisure as is far from Jumeirah area, souks, creek etc - Taxis are cheap in Dubai though so was not an issue2) Hotel has no access to a beach - we suggested an affiliateion with another hotel maybe for Monarch guests3) Expensive, but you know that before you go and don't book if your looking for cheap - the quality is bourne out by the price, you get what you pay for We liked it and we'd go back! enough said I think!	
Apr 4 2009 	Excellent Business hotel	Don't stay here if you are on holiday but as a business hotel this is nearly second to none. Excellent rooms, unbelieveable bathrooms, beds and service in general. It is back from the beaches but on the main drag at the begining - costs you 20 usd to get to Ski Dubai for example but if you are worried about 20 usd then you are unlikely to be in Dubai to begin with. This is a really nice annonymous business hotel. For anything else go to One and Only.	
Mar 5 2009 	Really not good!	For the moment I stay in this is hotel.I can tell you its totally empty, no tourists, no business people..,the only thing or the beds, these or wonderfull!!The restaurant are to much and very expensive. Even the staf all tells me they want to leave here because there so bored because theres no work..	
Dec 10 2008 	My best hotel experience	I spent 9 nights at the Monarch Dubai while I visited Dubai for the Big 5 Exhibition. The amazing part of my experience, I won 6 nights free though DMG the exhibition organizer. I decided to extend for 3 additional nights since I was not willing to spoil this wonderful experience by moving to another hotel.The service was exceptional, The room is spacious, Clean, Breakfast at Al mizan Restaurant every morning is better than any description.Every single detail was perfectly thought.The cherry on top of the Cream is the Gym. The trainer spent time with me teaching me and assisting me in exercise better than private trainer at my regular Gym where I pay $50 an hour.In all honesty, this is a great hotel; I highly recommend it to any one who can afford this kind of budget.	
Nov 20 2008 	Fantastic stay	I had to stay at The Monarch during month of October 08 due to business meetings in Dubai, my agent was strongly recommending this hotel to me but I was not sure if I should try or not but I was really surprised with the quality and amazing service and value for money. (Just fantastic hotel)I do recommend it to any one would like to enjoy world calss hotel.Jo Brown	
Sep 4 2008 	Excellent service	Excellent service provided by all staff. The hotel was quiet perhaps due to the time of year and there appeared to be far more staff than guests. From the doormen, reception staff, lift attendents, butlers to the restaurant staff all provided faultless service.The room was a very good size with far reaching views over the swimming pool terrace to Jumeriah and the coast. The bathroom too was very sizeable. A large plasma screen TV was provided in the bedroom and a smaller screen in the bathroom! There was a good desk and fast, compliementary wireless broadband connection. The butlers provided quick and efficient room service and arrange pressing of clothes.A breakfast buffet was provided in the restaurant in August but the end of my stay coincided with the start of Ramadan when screens are closed to shield the restaurant area from the foyer and then a la carte breakfast is provided for non-Muslim guests.An excellent hotel for a business stay close to both the airport and the business district on Sheikh Zayed Road. Perhaps not the best choice for a holiday when one of the beach side hotels would be a better choice.	
Mar 23 2008 	Superb service at the Monarch	Having stayed at many 5* properties around the world I can report the service at the Monarch was the equal of any.The VIP collection at the airport was very welcome after a long flight, with our passports processed and luggage collected while we enjoued a cold drink and canapes in a lounge. We where then whisked to the hotel in a 7 series &amp; greeted warmly by several of the staff incuding the Deputy GM. Our (standard) room was clean &amp; comfortable, perhaps lacking some details such as a digital clock and DVD player. The holel seems quitle lightly occupied during our stay but its obviously fully staffed and every staff member we've encountered has proved very well trained and the service has been impeccable. The low occupancy might be due to the newness of the hotel and that our stay was over the Easter weekend, this is more of a buisiness than a leisure property.	
Jan 26 2008 	Nothing short of 'Spectacular'	Just tried out the hotel last week. Although they have just opened and are still missing some restaurants, we had a fabulous stay. They have huge rooms and a bathroom much nicer than the average 5 star hotel. Great service overall; the butler even did all the packing and unpacking for us. Bliss!	
Jan 5 2008 	Fell in Love with the The Monarch Dubai	I ususally dont write any reviews but for this hcase i must make an exception.. If you are going to dubai, you musnt miss the opportunity. My experience with this hotel was a unique experience that i have never gone through before. You are greeted from the airport with a chaffeur driving a bentley and are welcomed to the city of dubai.. You are also promised the most exqusite and exceptional service you have ever seen. They did not break that promise. I stayed in one of the executive rooms and the managment gave me a service that of a suite. The restaurants were amazing with cuisines from all over the world.The room was simply the biggest hotel room i have ever stayed in. You also get your very own butler that is with you 24/7. He is there to serve you and make your stay as enjoyable and comfortable as possible. I dont know what else to say. It is just one if not the best hotel experience i have ever experienced. I actually fell in love with that hotel and wont hesitate to go back there again.	
Jan 4 2008 	Best hotel in my list	My business trip in december was an exceptional one for me due to the oustanding service that i have experienced during my first stay at this new hotel in dubai, which have exceeded my expectation from the quality of a good food, atmosphere to the unmatched staff as well as management hospitality greetings.I think the monarch hotel is the top hotel in my list from now onand i recommend you all to experience it...	
Dec 4 2007 	Lousy Service	Think twice before you book monarch dubai, water leaking, badsmell, big sound from nearby construction.	
Nov 23 2007	loved the doormen	I am from the US and was at Monarch Hotel in Dubai on 19th and 20th November 2007 and must confess that I really got good services from the omni, especially from the doormen who work at night since I used to come back in the midnight.There services are so perfect and fast. They are friendly and also goodlooking especially with their wonderful heights. Bravo to Monarch hotel for these wonderful people. Its because of the doormen that the customers will be able to predict what kind of services they are going to get from inside.I therefore hope that the hotel management would keep motivating them in several ways so that they keep on working in good faith as they do.I dont know how much they earn, but if i were the owner of the hotel, they would earn far much better because they potray a very good image of the hotel.Not forgetting ther inside services which were also very good and upto the standards. Monarch hotel is a competant hotel. Congratulations for your excellent work.... Keep up....	
Mar 8 2009 	Raffinement proche de la perfection.		
