Sep 21 2009 	Enjoyable stay	i went last month along with my two friends, we found this hotel to be very safe, the staff were extreamly friendly, the booking of excusions was very good, we were received at the airport. the location wasnt too bad we had a supermarket down the road and 5mins away from nandos, pizzahut etc the pool was on the small size however still great fun, the breakfast served was good, and the sheisha cafe on the top floor was enjoyable. there was a safe provided in the rooms, was a bit small for 3 beds however still enough room to get around. very good value for money as we got this hotel quite cheap and were very happy with it.	
Jun 25 2009 	Good place for budget Tarvellers	I visit Dubai this summer for 7 days with my wife and brother-in-law for leisure and shopping. We found plasant time beside good hospitality of MAYFAIR Hotel. Our room was in topest floor of Hotel (floor#6). It was quite. Lunch was very good with varity that changed everyday. Swimming Pool was very clean and nice. Room equipped with dresser place with enough space for shopping items. Staff were friendly and room services was very Okey. There was a 32&quot; LCD with sattelite channels specially some Iranian channels. I rented a car in Dubai and no problem with Parking of Hotel. The location of Hotel is very Okey for who wants shopping in City Center, Al-Ghorair, Morshed Bazar, Al Bassam, Gift Village, Day to Day and even Lamcy Placa and Festival Center &amp; IKEA. Also it is close to Al-Moraghabat street which very good for all kind of meals for dinner.My only problem was about size of the room that I think it was a little small for 3 beds (1 king size for two people and 1 single).	
Feb 28 2009 	Great value for money 4* hotel free shuttle bus to beach.	We have recently returned from our first visit to Dubai having stayed in the Hotel Mayfair. There were so many hotels to choose from and after deliberating for so long, chose the Mayfair in Deira and we were not let down. We arrived around midnight, were offered a welcome drink whilst we checked in and our frist impressions were good. Room was good, although only 3/5 due to not having a balcony, very clean otherwise with a mini bar, which we used as a fridge to store water, juices and milk etc bought (very cheaply) from the supermarket opposite. There is also tea/coffee facilities.There is a bar serving alcohol upstairs, if you want it, a restaurant serving a very good breakfast, a night club on the mezzanine floor (although we did not go). The hotel has a small but surprisingly under used swimming pool on the roof which was ideal for us.A few cheap local eateries opposite. Taxis are very cheap, but a word of warning, avoid the private cabs outside the hotel, they charge double the official cabs rate. we particularly liked and used for three of the four days we were there, the hotel's own shuttle bus to the beach at al Mamseer Beach Park, leaves at 8.45 and returns about 1pm.I would both recommend and return to this hotel.A couple of tips for 1st timers, we had a couple of excellent evenings out, based on recommendations to us, take a taxi to the Irish Village at the Tennis stadium, there are 4 or 5 excellent places to eat where alcohol is available, and best of all, it was my wife's birthday, so we went to the Market Place at the JW Marriot Hotel for the most excellent all you can eat and drink international buffet, cost about £65 per head, worth every penny! Both places were less than £3 in taxi fare.The telephone numbers are in the yellow pages and calls are free.	
Nov 21 2008 	Not a bad hotel overall	I booked a quick four day trip to Dubai from Iran and the Mayfair was the hotel that was included in the tour. I was nervous after reading all the bad reviews on TA but the tour operator couldn't get us into any other hotels for the dates we wanted to go.Overall, my sister and I had a fairly good time at the hotel. It is definitely really only a 3 star hotel on its best day. I found the hotel to be reasonably priced and although it wasn't in the best shape my sister and I didn't care too much. We went to Dubai explore and take in the culture. Our hotel didn't matter that much, as long as it was safe, and it was. The staff were very friendly and helpful. There was a good breakfast bar with a reasonable selection of food. The Jeep Safari we booked through the hotel was an amazing experience. The company they used was a good one; the drivers were all safe, friendly and did their best to make sure we had a good time. The hotel pool was small but clean. We were the only girls using the pool, though, so there was a LOT of staring going on, especially by the men in the pool area. Granted, we were the only ones wearing bikinis but I felt uncomfortable enough that I left after 30 minutes.The bad:We showed up at the airport and no one was there to pick us up. We were surrounded by hundreds of people, mostly men, trying to take us into their taxis and we couldn't figure out where our driver was. It was a little scary. I had to call them a few times before someone finally picked us up. They apologized for the miscommunication though. Our hotel bathroom smelled funny, almost a faint sewage like smell but nothing happened the whole time we were there and we saw no bugs so we were relieved.The hotel has shuttle buses to beaches in the vicinity. The bus we took was supposed to leave at 9am and everyone was sitting waiting for the bus driver. He spent 45 minutes talking to various people, chatting and smoking. I know things happen on middle eastern time here but I finally had enough and went to the front desk and complained, and we left shortly after.The hotel is situated in Deira so although it's close to some things, it's also really far some other locations and we spent a lot of money taking taxis back and forth. I think I'd probably find a hotel in Jumeirah next time...hotels there are more expensive, but you'd save time and money on getting around so that would even things out.Overall, though, a few minor glitches, but nothing that affected us greatly or ruined the trip for us. Would I go back? Maybe, if price was a factor but I'd probably try another hotel next time.	
May 11 2008 	Doesn't worth the price	I stayed in this hotel for four nights in May 08. I didn't sleep well during this period due to all different problems. The first two nights it was the loud music from hotel night club. After complaining my room was changed from third floor to fourth. I didn't sleep the other nights either due to the bed hard pillows and also food poisoning! It' s such a bad experience. The hotel definitely is not a four star hotel. The first night I found the bed sheets very old with some blood-stains on them! Staff are ok but this hotel definitely should be downgarded to a three star hotel. I will never stay at this hotel in future and don't recommend it to anyone.	
Apr 14 2008	good locatin	my husband and i were there for 4 days. food was good it hase got diffrent tastes and u could choose among them.room vas good but unfortunately the bed covers and the pillow cover wasnt new and i didnt have good feeling to use them,bathroom was really clean too. theres ahair dryer in the hotel with avery very short wire that can never think you can dry your hair as well as you want ofcourse you have to stick to the wall to do that.going to the african disco at night in this hotel was the worst experiense we had. the loation of this hotel is good too.i think the receptions should try to be more friendy.total it was good as a3 star htel not as a4 star hotel. i thing after abit changes in facilities and furnitures we can really call it 4 star hotel.	
Mar 18 2008 	Bad services and bad location	I stayed in this hotel during my business trip in Dubai. When I arrived the bell boy forgot to bring down one of my baggage from the taxi. I had no chance to check because I was waiting for change in the taxi while the bell boy took care of my bagges. When I got the change from the driver all the baggages had already been sent inside the hotel so I could not check by myself.Luckily I had the taxi receipt so I asked the bellboy to trace the baggage for me. I arrived there about 11 p.m. and I checked with the bell boy until almost 1:00 in the morning. Every time he told me that the baggage was coming. Until the morning I checked it again , the bag had not been arrived and the same bell boy had already went back home without leaving a not for me. So I needed to follow up by myself. End up I had to go back to the airport and report to the police and it took me 3 hours running back &amp; forth from airport taxi office and airport police office.Also when I had my breakfast with my friends, the waitress unpolitely asked us for the table. She told us that to talk somewhere else as they don't have that many tables. I looked around there were still 5-6 tables left and I don't know why she had to chase the customer.By the way, the location for this hotel is not convenient at all as it located in the small lane and very hard to find a taxi and when you want to come back to the hotel most of the taxi will refuse.Overall it is not an ideal hotel for both business and vacation	
May 6 2007 	Ok for a budget hotel	I booked this hotel through [--] as we were leaving with 2 days notice and needed accommodation as soon as possible. It is rated as 3/4 star on different sites but is definately not 4 star. Having said that, reception staff were extremely helpful when we arrived 3 hours before check-in time. We were in our room within 20 minutes. Our room was nice and very clean. Toiletries and towels were refreshed on a daily basis as was the complimentary mineral water. Room service was very quick and there was a good selection of food to choose from.Breakfast was included in the very reasonable price we paid and it was more than enough to keep us going until late afternoon.There is a swimming pool that we made good use of as well as a fitness room and sauna.The hotel offers free airport transfers which is a great help. Our flight out of Dubai wasn't leaving until 11pm. The hotel told us we could have the room until 3pm (normal check out is 12pm) then they put our luggage in storage whilst we went for lunch and some last minute shopping. If you want a base to stay in Dubai at a cheap price the Mayfair Hotel is well worth considering. Location is great and staff were very kind and helpful.	
Apr 20 2007 	Avoid at All Costs	I had the displeasure of staying at the Mayfair Hotel from 10-15 April of 2007. This supposed 4 Star Hotel wouldn't even rate a 1 from me, and I have stayed in some rough hotels over the years. Some of the high points of my stay:- The car from the hotel, that was supposed to pick me up at the airport, never showed. I searched for the car for twenty five minutes, and then took a cab to the hotel. When I mentioned this to the rude young man at the desk, he accused me of missing my ride. I later mentioned this to the manager and he offered to compensate me for the cab I took. Compensation was never forthcoming.- The contents of the mini-bar were never replenished during my entire stay. The inventory sheet for the mini-bar didn't even come close to matching the contents of the refrigerator. On the morning that I was checking out, I received a knock on my door four minutes after the wake-up call. It was a young man coming to inventory the mini bar.- The hotel supposedly had a Russian disco and a restaurant. These were advertised on their website, in the lobby, the elevator and the room. Neither of these existed, nor had existed in the recent past.- The bar at the pool was a small, abandoned kiosk, with an empty refrigerator and no attendant. The pool furniture was filthy plastic and heavily stained lounges.- Toileteries in the room were never replenished during my entire stay.- The room was made up whenever the staff decided to get around to it. On one day, I returned to my room at 1430 and the room still wasn't made up.- I brought back a friend for a drink at their roof top bar, and I was told by the desk man that guests were not allowed to have guests in the hotel.- I sought a cash advance on my credit card for some gifts, and was rudely refused by the desk man and his assistant. When I asked for directions to another establishment that might be able to help me, I was met with a stoney silence.- The complimentary breakfast was marginal, and I never did get asked if I wanted coffee or tea.- I leaned back in my chair one night and felt a sharp pain. Tacks from the upholstery had come out and stuck me.- I decided to visit a friend at another hotel and went outside to get a cab. The two bellmen were completely ignoring me. I was approached by a young man who asked me if I wanted a hotel car to take me to my friend. When I asked the price, he quoted me a figure three times what a cab would have cost. I refused and sought a cab. That is when I noticed the young man waving cabs away from the hotel.Well, there you have it.Make your choices in Dubai wisely. I didn't and had a terrible trip.	
Dec 5 2006 	Never going back	My father and I travelled on business to Dubai and were due to stay 3 nights. This hotel is not what you would expect in Dubai. The staff are generally unfriendly, the rooms are clean but all the furnishings are of a low standard. My pillows were like bricks, and the bedding seems very old. It is off a main road, and hence I had to walk 3 or 4 blocks in the morning to catch a taxi. There are 2 or 3 night clubs in the hotel - which gives you an idea of the type of place it is. As my bed was so uncomfortable I did not sleep much, despite flying 18 hours from Auckland. The next morning, despite being ignored by the recepionist for 5 min as we stood directly in front of him, we booked out after only one night . We booked into the JW Marriott which is significantly better. If you fly business or first class this is defintely not the kind of hotel for you. My advice : Avoid.	
