	Average hotel	The hotel was slightly older than what I was expecting. The interiors are quite dark, and there isn't a lot of light in the common areas. The staff is extremely welcoming, very helpful and kind. At my arrival I discovered my travel agent caused some problems with my reservation, but the receptionists managed to sort everything out. The room was quite spacious, had a nice decor and was provided of all main facilities. In the bathroom I found the best toilestries ever...such a fantastic fragrance!! Breakfast was ok, and I particularly appreciated the big fruit selection. The hotel restaurant isn't excellent, and I preferred to have meals in other city restaurants. After all, despite its 4 stars, this is not the luxury hotel you might be thinking of when thinking about Dubai. But at the same time, I haven't found any reason be unsatisfied.	
Jun 14 2009 	Very nice hotel - staff were very welcoming	excellent trip, hotel was brill. staff were very nice and looked after us well. breakfast fantastic. hotel was clean and room was very niceno probs catchin taxis from outside the hotel, very near the markets and shops. hotel's private beach was amazing. made up for not havin a swimming pool in hotel	
Jun 10 2009 	loved it	we got a good room with balcony. Also very good service. Market place and gold souk was within walking distance.we stayed there for 2 nights. I really loved the hotel and the yummy breakfast they served. only problem was to get a taxi, we had to wait for 10-15 mins.	
Nov 11 2008 	Impeccable Service	Initially I was rather worried when reading the reviews published by others who stayed at the hotel this year. However after spending 5 nights with my young family I can say that this was one of the best hotels that I stayed at in Dubai. I would agree that the taxi situation doesnt help, as the Coral Oriental is on a main route towards Sharjah and very few cab drivers will want to venture this way from Bur Dubai. Having said that the Hotel Shuttle service to Al-Mamzar Beach and City Centre Mall was well organized and a great help to us. We could then catch a cab from the Mall to other parts of Dubai.We had a &quot;slight&quot; problem with the room on the first night, but the matter was quickly resolved and we were upgraded to an executive suite. Bed linen was very clean, staff (especially the Bell Boys and Waitresses) were extremely friendly and attentive, and the management thoroughly professional. As a Muslim traveller the Mosque across the road helped a lot.A very pleasant experience. Shame about the location.	
Jul 6 2008 	Average at best	We didn't have a great experience at this hotel. It was noisy and the hotel staff were indifferent. We complained about some guests who were making noise in the early hours of the morning but staff didn't appear to care. The location is not great - next to busy roads. It was hard to get a taxi. We wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone.	
Feb 23 2008 	pain in the neck	It took an hour for the shuttle bus to pick me up from the airport, and when i finally arrived however i ordered some food which was a kebab mix. it looked great until my younger son ate it when we realised that there was a fish kebab in the mix as he is allergic to fish. Tell me, how many fish kebabs to you get in a mixed grill. My son had a reaction which could of killed him and we asked for the ambulance service, due to the location of the hotel it took half an hour for the ambulance to come.Be aware that hospitals in Dubai are hopeless and the docters don't have a clue what to do in a life and death situation.Thank God he survived as I had never saw him in this state ever.After the long night, my family and I went to have breakfast, the staff are really nice however the food was not edible and they didn't have many options of food. They gave the same breakfast everyday and i stayed their for a fortnight.Then you get the taxi problem. No taxi goes past the hotel so you have to get the concierge to order one for you. The taxi service they get charges nearly double than the other public taxis. When you mention that you want to go to the Coral oriental hotel they do not have a clue where that is and I have resulted to giving directions to the hotel 12 times!To stop the taxi problem i decided to rent a car from the hotel desk office. The man at the desk seemed trustworthy and probably wouldn't cause any more problems. I asked him if the cars were all insured and he said yes. After three days in driving in the dangrous roads of Dheirah i had been crashed. let me warn you that accidents occur all the time in Dubai and is probaly tone of the worst places to drive. When i told the man at the desk that i had crashed he told me that the car actually was not insured. I had to pay a hefty bill, i couldn't do anything about it but the manager of the tourist operater in the hotel said that the man at the desk will be paying a quarter of the fine. That sounds better but they still charged me a hefty bill.This was the worst Trip i have ever had and i travelled all over the Gulf and Dubai five times and i have always enjoyed it but this hotel one of the worst hotel in the world	
Oct 22 2007 	Nothing There!	Hotel check in was fine, room was clean and respectable, not up to the 4* rating though.Then, safe was locked and unusable, water pipe sprung a leak and flooded the bathroom, cleaning was poor, there is no bar in the hotel, no pool and no real facilities to speak of. The business centre was one laptop which is unconnected to any printer!Taxis are very difficult to get due to it's location. Staff were disinterested. Not up to the standards of other similarly rated properties in Dubai.	
Aug 15 2007 	Great for families!	Just returned from a week at this hotel. Was a bit apprehensive because of mixed reviews. Rooms were immaculate...1 double and 1 twin adjoining. Well appoined bathroom with a really powerful shower.Breakfast was nice...buffet with a wide variety of foods. Staff were extremely welcoming and friendly.Free airport shuttle, and bus to Al Mamzar Beach every morning.Only downside was having to wait for 20mins one day for a taxi.Would recommend this hotel for families with children. Can't wait to go again next year!	
Jul 8 2007 	You get what you pay for	This is a 4 star hotel, but I wouldn't give it 4 stars.Nothing seemed to go right when trying to work things out with the staff at the hotel, they seem to do everything wrong.The breakfast is barely a 3 star breakfast with a very small range of food to choose from.It is located close to everything - which means in middle of nowhere. We went to Dubai for a weekend and this was my first time in Dubai, so I didn't know if it was in a good part of town or not. It is located in an older part of town with nothing much in the surrounding area. This area of town is quite crowded with a lot of people on the streets. It takes 15 minutes to walk to the Gold Souk. A taxi to the nearest shopping centre is 10AED.The room is ok, I didn't spend much time in the room, so it didn't matter.On the positive side, they provide a free shuttle to and from the airport, which happens to be located rather close to the hotel so you can hear the planes taking of during the night.In the end, you get what you pay for, it you want a cheap hotel, go to Coral Oriental, if you want a good hotel, pay more for one located in a better position.	
Dec 12 2006	Could Not Sleep or Find A Taxi	You will be middle of a traffic jam with no taxi to stop.Waited 2 Hours (no lie) for a Taxi out side. After we walked to city center. But its winter and 26 C. Summer time you can die if you be that long outside. They cant find you Taxi Taxi drivers begin curse when you tell them to go there from a mallActually two of them said &quot; my bad luck &quot; to meThere are diggings front of the hotel.Metro or something is under construction under the hotel so you will have constant noise and shake My Room smelled cigarette and that smell came from air condition.You must explain your problem and insist to have solution till you get mad.Location of the hotel is like Bronx in New YorkDolapdere in Turkey. Little India in SingaporeFind a hotel in Jumeirah if you don’t like India because Deria is a Indian Town. Left alone like Dead city.Dubai's wealth never touched hereMy room had a constant noise that came from a huge machine room next to it. When you look Outside window you will only see a court surrounded by long walls and Noisy smokestack on the middle.We paid 700 $ for each (inc. Plane tickets), For 2 NightsNot cheap.Should have 2 stars not 4For Turkish People I would say &quot; Uzak Durun &quot; Means &quot; Stay Away &quot;	
Apr 25 2006	Great Choice	Very clean hotel and rooms. Cheap also, perfect located close to the creek.It will take you only 15' walking to the creek, gold souk and the abra station where you can get an abra(cheap water taxis) for a mini cruise in the creek. For sure i would stay again in this hotel because it's in the heart of Dubai......and everything is around you!!!!!!	
Feb 9 2006	i will be coming back	i went to meet my boyfriend over in dubai after not seeing him for a few months, we aranged to stay at a diffrent hotel but it was not avalible so we was given the choice to stay at the coral oriental insted so we desided to take it. when ariving in dubai we just wanted some where we could both catch up on the months that have gone past. this hotel was very help full as soon as we got into the hotel there was someone to help us with our bags. they always had a smile and was happy to help. the price wasnt bad for the hotel and it deserves its four stars. the food was really nice we often called to get it ordered up to our room. also when we went out during the day the hotel staff made sure they flaged down a taxi for us which didnt take long as the roads are really busy.as for the noise there is some that we could hear in our hotel room but no enuff to disturb you sleep. there is only two english channels on the tvs in the room which had some very good films on and news through out the day. there is no pool in the hotel, but for a small taxi fare its worth going to use other hotels swimming pools and beaches, there is a great pool in the hotel next to planet hollywood, its nice to go have a meal then relax by the pool after a few drinks, and as far as i know its open to anyone. in the streets of dubai its best for women to have as much as you can covered as the amount of men that look at you is unbeliveable, to keep with the religion have your shoulders covered. over all this hotel is very nice and looks better than the photos that are on the internet i would certainly go back there again. if you like your english breaky to much dont go to dubai as you wont be able to have bacon, they do have beef bacon but it isnt the same. o and if you have any trouble with the taxi drivers it helps to show them the card from the hotel it has a map on it which helps them find the hotel, they also all answer to the name Harry give it ago. x	
Dec 23 2005	good 3 star hotel	Have just returned from 2 weeks at the oriental. First room given was very small, but ended up with an executive suite, at no extra cost. Bit of a result. This hotel is by no means 4 star, but is a reasonable 3 star hotel, with good food, and very good service. Close to a multitude of small shops, plenty of choice for most people. Not having a pool or bar gives it very little chance of ever achieving 4 star status, though to some poeple these two are less important.  As mentioned before the traffic on the naif road can get very bad, making getting taxis very hit or miss, though crossing over to the other side usually helps.  The aircraft noise is not too bad, having stayed at the front of the hotel, when the airport becomes more heavily used, it will be. As for the Mosque across the road, it adds a nice touch, and is a good naming point for the hotel, as very few drivers seemed to know where it was. Breakfast was very good, and dinner at about £4 was very good value. nothing to complain about on either of these. Restaurant manager was always available and ready to help if needed. In suming up, a very pleasent hotel, worth the money if the Rydges Plaza is not available.p.s. For smokers, a small shop in street 20 sells cigarettes for 38p/70c	
Dec 9 2005	A good choice!	This hotel is a good choice, if you want to explore the City of Dubai, especially the Deira side. All the points of interest are in walking distance. However, there is much traffic along Naif Road, and at 5 a.m. you can hear the Muazzin from the Mosque across the street. And keep in mind: aircraft on their way from and to the nearby airport almost touch the roof of the hotel. The windows reduce noise very well, but if you are oversensitive ... The rooms are large and comfortable. The service is friendly and always helpful. The chefs produce a large variaty of delicious food for the buffet. The service personnel in the restaurant is nice and kind, unfortunately there is a certain lack in their professional skills.The hotel provides free shuttle service to the beach and to the Deira City Shopping Centre (once resp. twice a day). Altogether: it was a good choice for us.	
Oct 28 2008 	Gutes Stadthotel zum guten Preis		
