Sep 22 2009 	Want a Top Class Brand New Hotel? Top Central Location? Great Value Rates? Stay here!	I have been staying at the Excelsior Creek for 2 weeks now and will stay there until end of October until i find somewhere permanent to live. I stayed for 1 month in another local hotel/apartment which was good but the rates sky rocketed after September and they were poor with customer service. I visited 15 hotels in the Bur Dubai area and stumbled upon the Excelsior Creek hotel...thank God! It had not opened at that time they were finishing off but my date requirements fitted in nicely with the official opening.From the start the management and staff have been excellent, they all are so nice and try very hard to make you enjoy your stay...they are there for you. OK its brand new and so some things wont be ready for a few more days (writing at 22nd Sept 09) the roof top pool and bar which is outstanding, the Gym with sauna and steam room, executive lounge and 2 themed nightclubs, these all come online in the next week or so as will their website) but the English Pub 'The Two Guineas' has opened and the bar service is great, you even get some healthy snacks to munch on with your favorite tipple as well as the regular bowl of nuts. The Hotel has great conference facilities too if you are in to that.The hotel itself is 200+ rooms of an excellent 5* standard (i have stayed in top hotels in the World) with Deluxe rooms as standard, Executive rooms, Junior Suites and Executive Suites to die for...if you can afford that little extra its so worth it! The high decor and cleanliness standards continue throughout from the very impressive Grand Reception Hall, the Atrium all day dining restaurant and the classy 'A La Carte' restaurant tastefully designed in a modern/Mediterranean &amp; arabic style...my opinion of course) with lots of marble floors and quality carpeting in the rooms and hallways.The food has been really good, especially the evening buffets with food well priced that you would expect to see in any top restaurant. Breakfast buffet has lots of choice and my tip would be to go for a B&amp;B rate its great value if you like a good filling breakfast rather than hunting around for cafes elsewhere. For lunch a hearty Club Sandwich with French fries and all the trimmings will cost you around 6 pounds...great value for a Hotel of this standard.Its in a great location, just minutes from the new metro station at a key cross over station at Burjuman Centre at the junction of Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Road and Khalid Bin Al-Waleed Road (locally known as Bank Street), so all of Dubai is within easy reach very cheaply. If you prefer to take a taxi its easy and you are at Jumierah Beach road in 20 minutes and to the Burj Al Arab will cost around 6 - 7 pounds GBP. The Dubai Creek is a 5 minute walk where you can take a dinner cruise or an cheap Abra ride, as is the busy area of Bur Dubai full of buzzing shops and cafes.My Family stayed here with me for a long weekend and they are coming back to stay for 7 nights in October and they cant wait to come back...they love kids too and make a real fuss of them.So that's my review of the Excelsior Creek Hotel in Bur Dubai. If you want a top class standard hotel in a top location which is great value for money, get it booked. Number to call [-----------] and if you are coming before November ill see you there!	
