Nov 22 2009 	The worst service ever!!!!!	This Friday November 20-th I have visited my friends who still stay there at Dar Al Maseyaf Guld House and Al Qasr. The day there was a Global Summit. so the security was agitated, but that is OK, I undertsand. But when i was not allowed to go to the beach under the pretexte that only one person stays in this villa and he is already on the beach, I tried to explain that the guy is in the room, his wife is on the beach waiting for me and she informed reception thta she expects a visitor, the guy at the beach reception was particularly rude, he said-nit allowed and that is it.I asked for Manager.First manager also gave the same report. I said-you are given all those lists with gusets names- with which purpose? if you are not sure, just check. The rude one was telling there was no need to check. I said that I would complain, he glared at me and said- as you wish.Finally the second guy found the villa number, called my friend's husband and got the confirmation. I was allowed to go and Nobody apologized...Do you think you are charging your guests to be humiliated? And then on the beacj we ordered a bottle of wine and srawberries. $0 minites after we got the wine but no strawberries-later the waiter told us. Strawberries appeared when the wine was finished. We ordered another bottle, it ttok them more than a n hour when we were going to leave. The waiter apologizedbut told that no wine was available a t the bar so he had to go to the main restaurant. Excuse me, it is our problem???? Why do not keep the bars stocked??? Why do not serve faster???And by the way, the waiter could not open the bottle, we had to help him and open it ourself... I think the management has to pay back the guests the price they charge,the hotel is beautiful, but the service is unbelievably bad.	
Nov 14 2009 	Wonderful stay at DAR AL MASYAF !	My 12 nights stay at Dar Al Masyaf in DUBAI last August was wonderful ! After 33 years travelling around the world, I can assure that this hotel offers an extremely high standard of services, one of the best I ever experienced. All staff is at all times so courteous, helpful, patient, smiling that you feel very spoiled to be there and treated like that. I congratulate again all of them who looked afer me in August with a special thanks to my butlers : Ning, May, Laarni, Alwyn and Ditto. I appreciated a lot the villa in which I had my room. Nowhere I had seen such a concept : private villas for a few rooms with their own butlers. My room (1st floor of villa 17) was absolutely quiet : not a single noise day and night. It was a very luxury one and included a super bathroom. Of course, it was absolutely clean and I slept in the best sheet I never had ! I got everyday free newspaper and a basket of fruit.There is one swimming-pool for a small group of villas if you want to stay close to your villa or do not want to use the hughe one by the sea. The swimming-pools are refreshed (about 27° Celsius) so they seemed to cold for me... I swam daily in the sea. Of course, the beach is as clean as all this complex of 3 hotels in which you have Dar Al Masyaf. Comfortable chairs, some elegant tents where you can close the curtains, swimming-guards all along the beach. You are provided with some fruit and oshibori during the day. At this time of the year, the beach was almost empty... The choice of restaurants which you have in the whole complex is incredible. But most often I used the main one at Al QASR (Arboretum) as well as the excellent Al Fayrooz Lounge.I used the Spa once. Very nice but the rates were too high for me (specially compare to India where I was last May) and did not allow me to use it more.To go from one place to the other one inside the complex, you can use either a buggy or the boat on the romantic artificial river if you do not want to walk. I felt very secure everywhere day and night.I used the conference center for Internet. They offer a great service as well and somebody came on purpose to help me to record CDs. I spent a full day at Wild Wadi inside the complex of the 3 hotels and had much fun. As resident of Dar Al Masyaf, the entrance of this park was free every day.To go out, you have either taxis or free shuttle to Dubai Mall or Mall of Emirates. Everything is very easy and a very competent staff is looking after you outside the entrance of Al Qasr which is also used as the entrance of Dar Al Masyaf. You can go and have a buffet with a nice show under the stars outside Dubai at Babs Al Sham by using the free shuttle from the hotel as this place belongs to the group.From Dar Al Masyaf, I went with a taxi on a day tour to Abu Dhabi. And with a travel agency (Khasab Travels and Tours which I can recommend), I spent 2 days in Musandam (Oman) where I had a wonderful 4 hours trip in the mountains and a wonderful full day cruise in the fjords. In the meantime, I kept my room at Dar Al Masyaf.If there is one thing I can regret is that too many tourists are not clothed inside Al Qasr as they should (according to my point of view of course...) and even inside the malls in Dubai. I mean that there is a great difference between the luxury of lobbys, lounges, halls, and the unelegance of some tourists with shorts and tongs. But what can the hotel do for that ? I hope that this review will convince you to stay at Dar Al Masyaf and that you will have the same wonderful experience as I had ! P.S. I wrote this review in english instead of french so that more people could read it. Apparently my 10 pictures could not be sent so I mail again my message but without them. Anyway there are already on the website a lot of pictures taken by other tourists who visited this wonderful hotel.	
Nov 7 2009 	Jumeirah Group = Sheer Quality	No need to add to what has already been written. The accolades for this Hotel speak for themself. My hat is off to The Jumeirah Group. We have *never* had a bad experience in any of their resorts, and have stayed several times. This Hotel chain simply know service level and expectation. We will be back again, and again, and again. Utterly magnificent.	
Nov 5 2009 	Love it!	Although expensive this is the nicest hotel I've ever experienced. Hands down. My husband and I stayed in the villas - the butler service is great, the grounds are beautiful and taking water taxis everywhere makes you feel like you are in Disneyland for adults. And the free internet is a plus - too bad all nice hotels don't offer that.We stayed for 3 nights making the bill more manageable - we wouldn't be able to swing it for a whole week, but it was worth it for the experience on a short stay.	
Oct 30 2009 	Dubai's must (probably for one time only!)	Dar Al Masyaf strength in rooms,facilities,beach,etc..and not the service , although it is good but not exceptional, the reason of this strenght it is the whole resort connectivity to other Jumirah international chain, Alqasr,Dar alsalam, , Burj alarab. the villas are nestled on the northern part of the complex and it is basically small buildings scattered either on the beach or around the man made water canal, the nearest is al qaser, the farthest is Jumairah beach hotel. You take a canoe and see Alqaser,mina alsalam and dar almasyaf.I have stayed many times alone and with family in all the properties. the best thing is to have one of the rooms ground level at the beach front in the winter. the resort will wow you the first time. Luckily with Dubai financial problems Shiekh maktoum (the main owner) lowered the price of stay, but sitll very expensive. You have to experience it once enjoy the arabian buildings style,(no other depth ) relax, long beach walk, in the winter, and my advice do not talk to the hotel workers , because without solicitation they tell you how much they get paid, you will get annoyed of the resort management and filthy rich owners. funny thing all workers are from india,pakistan,Philippine, no arabs, so forget any culture exposure. one example of the commercial annoyances , are the scattered hired staff to take pictures of you on a camel, or with falcon, or the photo shop booth in the basement of jumairah beach hotel , any of these picture will cost you 120 times of actual cost.The resort is not cozy and doesn't do any thing to hide the commercial purpose of lodging. if you can not afford the price, it is ok , come along the Soug Jumairah Madinah , eat in one the many restaurant, take the canoe , then a golf car and or walk around , and you get 60 % of what the resort offer, the resort guards,canoe , golf car workers , will appreciate 5 dollars tip, and thy be your guides in these short trips, then go back to your hotel, and sleep comfortably , enjoy!	
Oct 26 2009 	It could have been perfect...	Since my first visit to Dubai, The Dar Al Masyaf fascinated me with it´s lovely architecture and classy environment. Unfortunately, I cannot afford (and do not accept) paying 800 euros a night for a room.Fortunately, this year, they had a special Ramadan promotion for 250 euros a night. As I was going on hollidays to the Maldives, via Emirates, I decided to have a one night stopover.When you go to the DAM, I think, you expect the best, the top, the perfection. Arriving was a bit complicated, as I got lost on the different hotels and ended up at Mina. They were perfect and dispatched me on an abra to Al Qasr, where I would do my check in.Check-in was ok, a bit unpersonal. We were taken to villa 23, a bit far away, but as buggys are always available, this was no real problem. The butler service was good, and the room is very very very beautiful and confortable. I was asked what time I would be leaving the next day (1). The best I have stayed in my life. After leaving my luggage, I went to the beach, where I was assigned a nice sunbed. The sea was great, really warm :).I had a burguer for lunch by the pool. It was very tasty and the price was ok (15 euros). The pool is very nice, cool and confortable. Though it is not deep enough and I felt too observed by 10 lifeguards.When coming back to the room, after spending the day on the beach/pool, I was asked by a different butler what time I was planning to leave (2). I had a shower and watched some TV. When leaving the room, a different butler asked me what time I was planning to leave (3). I went to have dinner at their big restaurant I forgot the name - lots of delicious options. The arabic sweets are amazing. When I came back (around 1AM), I was asked by a different butler what time I was planning to leave! (4).The next day we went to breakfast around 8am. And guess what? Butler asked me what time I was leaving again (5). The breakfast was great, lots of choices! The restaurant was full and we were allocated a place in the spanish restaurant. I came back to my room and checked out. The check-out process was slow, but ok. I guess if you stay there many days this would be normal.Once we checked out, we went to Al Qasr restaurant, where we left our luggage and received a check-out card. We were leaving around 3PM, and my girlfriend wanted to go to the turtles in Mina and take some pictures. We walked and passed through the first security check point. A very nice guard offered an Abra, which we refused as it was not needed. In the second check point, we had the point that ruined our DAM stay. A guard refused us entry. I explained we just checked out, showed him my luggage card, and the other guard allowed us through. I asked him to call his superior, which he refused. I was so unhappy - unacceptable in such a &quot;high class hotel&quot;I came back to the previous checkpoint where the other guard told me he was wrong, and as we were guests the previous night, we could go through. He offered me the Abra, which I accepted. It was nice to wave to the guy who just refused me entry :).So, bad points: It is unacceptable to have an ex-guest treated like you have never been there and ask the same person 5 times when they are going to leave. How would you feel?It is a very beautiful place, lovely rooms, but I hated the ambience. People are always checking things like &quot;are you a guest?&quot; - &quot;what time you will check out?&quot; - &quot;get out of here, you are no longer guest&quot;. The place is designed for perfection, but it is souless. People are machine trained and do not know how to solve simple issues. Or maybe I was not born for the &quot;five star exclusive service&quot;.I emailed the hotel, they came back with an excuse and saying people would be better trained. What else could I expect? :)	
Oct 24 2009 	Exceptional luxury and service in every aspect - consistently exceeded our expectations throughout our stay	This was my second visit but we were amazed and delighted right through the stay. We pulled up to Al Qasr via a spectacular drive adorned with gold statues of frolicking horses and fountains to have a luggage taken away and as if by magic arrive in our room. We were greeted with cold fragrant towels and a drink and then transported to Dar Al Masyaf by buggy. We had a huge ocean front suit with 2 balconies, one off the lounge and one off the bedroom. Every room was massive with beautiful decor with a distinct Arab look which I love. There was a 2nd wc near the front door, a kitchenette, a beautiful dining room area in the lounge which had a massive tv, lovely lounge suit, table and so on. The enormous bed with an overhead canopy was without doubt the most comfortable and sumptuous bed I have ever slept in. The beautiful large bathroom had double sinks, a lovely huge roll top free standing tub, a huge walk in shower with a seat, with lots of soft fluffy towels, robes and slippers and toiletries. Another plus was a laptop with free internet access. There was also an excellent hairdryer - not one of those usual awful hotel ones but a 'proper' hairdryer.. We checked in and out of our suit by our butler which was so speedy and easy that everything was stress free. One of the lovely benefits of this property in the Madinat is that you have 2 hours between 6-8pm where you can have complimentary drinks/cocktails in the reception area of your villa, either in the courtyard or inside in the lounge area. These were served with nuts and other nibbles which made a very welcome start to the evening before dinner. What we really loved about these summer villas was the peace and solitude. Madinat is a family resort but this property seemed more exclusive and secluded than the rest of Madinat. There were smaller pools between villas which added to the smaller boutique feel even though we were part of a very large complex of Madinat. We did prefer to eat breakfast in Al Qasr rather than the tented pavilion around the large pool that was so close to our villa because it had less children running around and the food was hotter. The tented breakfast area seemed more congested and busy to us but of course that may only be a snapshot of time when we were there. I know it was our anniversary but whenever we returned back to our suit, there were gifts of fruit, a cake, dates and Arabic sweets and flowers to delight us. We again we wowed at MJ's. They made a heart on our table out of petals that were colour coded to the decor and gave us a glass of Tattinger champagne for our anniversary meal. We were amazed to be asked to choose from an array of different styled and weights of steak knives - the food, wine and service were top notch. We loved the abras that ferry you around the waterways of the resort and our butler would just call one for us to be waiting outside our villa when we were ready. There are buggy's too if you want to do on the paths but we also enjoyed just walking around the whole complex of Madinat which comprises the 3 hotels. There was their own souk in Madinat too for Arabic style shopping and throughout Madinat numerous excellent places to eat and drink to cover all tastes and degrees of luxury. On the last day my husband woke with a painful deaf ear and within moments of asking where the chemist was we were offered the doctor on site and whisked to him by buggy. He was seen straight away and had his ear syringed and given antibiotics. The manicured beach of light golden sand had extremely comfortable loungers and a beach waiter dressed them with towels, pillows and shade. The free lemonade ice lolly's given out on the beach were a delightful welcome surprise. The azure sea was shallow, safe and like a very warn bath! Lifeguards scanned the sea (and around the pools) for everyones safety. The view of the Burg was particularly wonderful to see at night with the exploding flames and changing coloured lights running up and down the height. As part of the Jumeirah group we went to the Burg and saw their opulent suits and all around - wow!!We felt a bit guilty not exploring more but as the 2nd time to Dubai had seen a lot beofre and these few days were the start of our planned three centre holiday of rest and relaxation. I understand the staff who come from all nations are trained to never say no to any guest question and that is clear to see. They try to exceed your expectations constantly in service delivery - and do. I would whole heartedly recommend Madinat and in particular this property - fantastic!	
Oct 19 2009 	Outstanding	Since discovering this hotel four years ago we find it hard to travel anywhere else. We stay at this time every year to celebrate our anniversary and are made to feel like royalty. From the highest member of the team down to the lowest, the whole experience is made magical by every member! The children enjoy all the activities and we feel completley safe at this resort, last visit our son even enjoyed scuba diving in the pool free of charge! They get to experience all kinds of different activities and enjoying the wild wadi waterpark is always high on their itinary. The rooms are grand and luxurious and with plenty of space for a family of four. The relaxed atmosphere of this resort is a blessing and the staff cater for your every need. The resturants are stunning and every type of taste is catered for, (including the children). Our favourite is Segretto with Zeng He's and Pai Thai coming close. Be warned once you go to this resort you will not want to travel anywhere else!	
Oct 13 2009 	Magical and divine!	We stayed at the wonderful Dar Al Masyaf for a week to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary. We were well looked after by the staff who couldn't have been more welcoming, helpful and accommodating. We were genuinely touched that they cared so much that we had a nice time.This part of the resort is lovely and quite magical, especially in the evening when you take an Abra for dinner. We had our anniversary dinner at Segreto and were once again pleased at the warm service received and that the staff had ensured we had a lovely table and a delicious cake. The food was great and represented good value for money.We also went to the Madinat Theatre to see the Rat Pack which was a good venue. The souk is also very good and was enough shopping for us to meander around. I know there is a lot said on Trip Advisor about how lovely it is so I won't repeat it again but I would like to say that we chatted with lots of the staff we met and many of them expressed such pride to work for the hotel - one Abra driver said that he had the best job in the world! There are lots of factors that make a good holiday and you can have the most beautiful resort in the world but if you don't have the right, dedicated people working for you then it's just a lot of beautiful buildings and surroundings with no soul. Dar Al Masyaf has the full package!	
Oct 11 2009 	Excellent Fantastic You Must go!!!	it was a wedding anniversary trip that we had been really looking forward to all year and it didn't disappoint. As it was our third stay at the Dar Al Masyaf our expectations were very high and from previous holidays/visits we were wondering if anything had changed in Dubai due to the economic climate around the world....... we had no need to wonder!! The service from before we left the UK was excellent, the service and attention to detail during our stay exceeded all our expectations. The staff are efficient, friendly and willing to cater to all your requests they love it when their efforts are appreciated by the guests. If you want a luxury 6* style hotel then make it here for your holiday destination. The view from our villa out to the ocean was breathtaking and made the holiday even more special - wonderfull room Villa 7 - 702 - you can see the Pier Chic and Burj from your window - fantastic!! Dubai was just getting started in the tourist industry when we first visited in 1999 and we stayed at the Jumeriah Beach Hotel, then we got married in Dubai in 2004 and stayed at the Burj for our wedding and honeymoon. Each year we go back to Dubai for our wedding anniversary. We have re-booked the Dar Al Masyaf three years in a row now which shows that they have definatley got it perfect for us. You must go it's gorgeous.	
Oct 10 2009 	loved it	sorry this review is very late but after reading all the other reviews thought i must say have much we enjoyed our stay last june.we went for 14 days and stayed in villa 18 and had the best time ever our butler ning done everything she could for us.while we were there they had the offer of 30% off in the resturants if you paid by visa and this helped alot.We made some good friends and have stayed in touch since we left and that all because we would all meet up for the drinks between 6-8 each night.we liked it so much we are going back for another 2 weeks at the being on june and taking my mother in law as well as she will be 80 years of age while we are there.we have also requested the same villa again (cannot wait).	
Oct 8 2009 	If you could rate with more than 5 stars it should be 10	So, your thinking about Dubai? Your thinking about the palm maybe? Or around the Marina? or Downtown? So you like noise and construction?If you want to escape the noise and come to somewhere where &quot;never saying no&quot; is a staff mission statement. Then you have just found it. Either the Dar Al Masyaf or The Al Qasr are incredible hotels. we found them both a few years ago and whilst my friends would say stay somewhere else, we can't imagine anywhere else just as perfect.Over the years I have stayed at some amazing places but nothing has come close to the Experience as staying with Jumeirah.Despite our last trip being 12 months, to be greeted by our name by the same staff we met last year before even giving our room number just shows the incredible service you get from this resort.The question is, where do you start? The cleanliness is exceptional from the rooms, to the walkways to the poolside to the beach. It is not unusual to see someone walking up and down the beach sifting the sand with a net to keep it perfect.You are greeted by a smile and a hello, good afternoon, good evening by all staff.The hotel has it's own waterways round the resort and you can hop on a free boat to get to any other part of the hotel including the Souq. Yes the hotel has it's own Souk. Wild Wadi is an incredible water park (part of the hotel resort) which you have to check out videos on YouTube to see how much better than any other water park you have been to it is.The whole experience is faultless from start to finish and the management really know how to take care of a guest. It's such a shame you don't get the same in the UK.If your looking for something special and you want all year round Sunshine and you also want to peace and quiet. You HAVE to try Dar Al Masyaf or Al Qasr.	
Oct 5 2009 	Fantastic Resort (Except for Cots)	We stayed at Dar Al Masyaf for the second leg of our stay in Dubai, having spent the first part at The Atlantis. We enjoyed our stays at both locations greatly, and the two hotels were very different so it almost felt like two holidays in one.On arrival at Al Qasr we were fortunate enough to be upgraded to Dar Al Masyaf; the Arabian Villa we were given was enormous with a large living room, three balconies, a beautiful bathroom, a huge stand alone bath and shower area, and twin sinks.The style is very much that of traditional Arabic, with lots of dark wood and ornaments around the rooms, as well as a huge bed. We have a kingsize bed at home but the beds in Dubai hotels seem to be twice as big, and this one was no different!As the only bad point of our stay was right at the start, I'll cover it now and it is really only relevant to those travelling with infants. We emailed the hotel ahead to ask for a baby cot and steriliser for our room as we were travelling with our 12 month old daughter.The cot in our room when we arrived was a very small, dirty travel cot. After having stayed at Le Royal Meridien and Atlantis with the baby previously in Dubai, both of which provided a very large, modern wooden cot this was a bit of a shock.There was no way we were having our baby sleep in tha cot, so we asked for it to be replaced by a wooden one. The wooden one they brought was also very dirty and rickety to the point of being dangerous - it was actually stuck together with sticky tape!We complained about this one and they brought another one in a slightly better state of repair but not much, and again it didn't look very clean, so we gave up at that point and the baby slept in our bed in between us. Fortunately the bed was of an ample size for us to do this and all have our own space, but it was difficult when we got home; she had become used to being in with us and wouldn't go back to sleeping in her own cot without a fight!We found it a bit strange that such an astonishing, lavish hotel provided such poor baby cots; for anyone travelling with an infant the most important thing above everything else is their baby's safety and comfort, so this should be a priority.Apparently the hotel has a large consignment of new baby cots on order so hopefully this won't be a problem in the future, but for those travelling with a small baby it may be worth sending an email to check on this before you travel.So that was a bad start for us, however from there on in it was fantastic all the way. For people looking for a beach holiday, the setup there really is perfect. The beautiful white beach looks out onto the Arabian Gulf and the Burj Al Arab towers above.They have fantastic wooden day beds, very comfortable with enough space for two, or in our case for one little one! The guys on the beach set us up perfectly so that we had two loungers next to a day bed, so when baby got tired she was able to have her nap in safety and shade on the day bed, whilst we caught some sun on our loungers.The service was excellent if you wanted a snack, and the guys came round with cooling lemon or pineapple lolly ices which the baby loved. The pool area is also very nice, very large and right next to the beach so you can take a dip easily.For all these reasons the daytime setup is perfect, whether you prefer to relax by the pool, on the beach, or have the best of both worlds. We have stayed at numerous five star hotels in Dubai all of which were fantastic in their own way, but Al Qasr / Dar Al Masyaf has the best daytime setup of any of them and this was our favourite feature.The complex is absolutely enormous and very spread out, so if you have to travel anwhere you are usually going by buggy (eight seater golf buggies) or Abras (Venice type gondoliers). We had breakfast in the main buffet restaurant in Al Qasr near the lobby every day and there is an excellent selection on offer.We had dinner in several restaurants, all of which were very nice but quite expensive (although not overly so for Dubai). We ate in the Thai and Italian restaurants a la carte, as well as going to The Jumeirah Beach Hotel for the buffet which we were entitled to eat in as part of the deal, as we were staying half board.They have 'happy hour' in the hotel every evening which is a great idea and a good benefit. Between 7pm and 9pm (7:30pm when we were there due to Ramadan) they open up the bar in the courtyard of your villa complex and the drinks are free. This is particularly good as alcohol in Dubai is so expensive, plus it encourages the guests to mingle and have a drink together.Travelling around the complex on the Abras really gives you a feel for the resort and helps you appreciate the breathtaking size and expense of the complex. It is like a small city in itself, and unlike any hotel we had ever stayed in before. Waiting for a buggy can be a bit of a pain at 'rush hour' (when everyone is going out to dinner) but the rest of the time you just get used to being whisked from place to place.The staff are wonderful, and the service was extremely good. In Dar Al Masyaf you have your own butler 24 hours a day, and our butler for the majority of our stay was a guy called Abyot. Abyot was absolutely fantastic; always smiling and laughing, couldn't do enough for you and with a great knowledge of the resort.Our other butler later in the day Mahesh was excellent as well, as was our cleaner Indu who was brilliant with the baby and brought her little rubber ducks and teddies. From our arrival the manager Sophie was fantastic as well; she was extremely professional in all the assistance she gave us throughout our stay.Overall we would have absolutely no hesitation in recommending Dar Al Masyaf, and hope to return again with family at some point in the near future. It is a truly spectacular resort, and the perfect location for people wanting to have a relaxing beach / pool holiday with plenty of eating options and no real need to leave the complex as everything you need is of an extremely high standard and just a short ride away.	
Oct 1 2009 	World-class resort	Spent a week at Dar al Masyaf on holiday. It was unforgettable.The Madinat Jumeirah is a high –end resort, beautifully designed and set amid landscaped gardens and waterways.Our villa, No 24, was set alongside one of the waterways and overlooked a private swimming pool. Check-in was swift and efficient. Our room, on the first floor, was beautifully equipped, with comfortable seating area, balcony and a superb bathroom with twin washbasins, large bath and an excellent wet shower area.We had opted for half board; this entitled us to buffet dinner at restaurants at Al Qasr, Mina a Salam and Jumeirah Beach Hotel (looking a bit tired and nowhere near as nice as the Madinat). We also had a memorable dinner at Pierchic. Unfortunately, we were not allowed to apply our half board allowance toward the meal.We had a wonderful time, but the best thing about the holiday was the excellence of the staff, especially our butlers, Raj, Vincent and JR.A superb, accomplished, world-class resort. We will certainly be back.	
Sep 21 2009 	You couldnt ask for more a truely wonderful experience	I just wanted to tell everyone that we had a wonderful time in this hotel and I have nothing negative at all the say about it. We stayed in the Arabian summer houses and our room was out of this world and very luxurious,the children loved it there, every night there were small gifts left forthem in the room so were very excited to see what else they had each night! We had a super king size bed in the middle of the room, and you wouldnt believe the amount of pillows we had on there! My 4 year old had a pull out bed which agian wasnt your ordinary standard run of the mill bed, that again was very comfortable. The bathroom was bigger than my living room at home with a walk in shower room all decorated beautifully. All the resort staff were so friendly to us, they couldnt do enough to help us. The whole resort is beautiful, we loved the Abra's too and the golf buggies, that was my sons favourite, even my litle girl managed to fall asleep on the way to the restaurant on the buggie. The toys on the beach or a good idea for the children, saves you having tobring things out in the suitcase for them, dont bother taking buckets and spades etc plently of things already there to play with. All the swimming pools have special life jackets for the children so again you dont need to bother buying armbands etc everything has already been thought of.We went half board, and would recommend that, as eating in the resort is quite expensive otherwise. The choice of food was outstanding, and all the restaurants had a childrens menu if that what you like. Some have childrens play areas too, with playstation 3's to entertain them!We visited the duty free shop on the way into Dubai and stocked up on a few alcoholic beverages, again this is very expensive in Dubai. You can keep them in your mini bar to enjoy on your balcony in the evenings!. Also every night there were pre-dinner drinks in the summer houses, which wa a lovely idea, the butlers were very friendly and you also got to meet some of the other guests too.Will definately go back there, its such a beautiful setting and all in all a very relaxing holiday.	
Sep 15 2009 	Amazing......	Well, what can I say, this is my second visit to this hotel in the last 2 months and it amazing !The villas are spread throughout the Mudinat resort and you can choose between an Arabian Summerhouse or a Gulf Summerhouse. Villas 1 - 8 are Gulf Summerhouses and are located directly on the beach (some rooms have direct access) and the Arabian villas (Villas 9 - 29 I think) are quieter and doted around the vast resort. You can travel around the Mudinat complex by golf buggy or Abra and makes everything accessable. Each Villa has its own butler who can help with restaurant reservations or just general information. Every evening there is 'Sundowner' where you can get complimentary drinks between 6.30 - 8.30 (although during Ramadam this is only for one hour from 7.30) Rooms are spacious, massive bathrooms and very well furnished. The beach is fantastic, clean, great sunbeds and serviced by many helpful people who will help with towels as well as food and drink. Both Mina and Al Qasr have pools which can be used, Al Qasr is much larger and we never struggled to get a nice bed. Amazing choice of restaurants - you can use all of the restaurants in the Souk, Mudinat, Jumeirah Beach hotel and the Burj...... This time we stayed for 6 nights and ate at Noodle House, Carnavelle, MJ's and Arboretum. We recieved a 30% discount each night because we paid on our Visa card and were a Sirius member. Great deal, look out for them, they make eating on resort very affordable. Meals, restaurant and staff all great !Lastly, if travelling with Children the added advantage of free access to Wild Wadi is brilliant, you can go in and out as many times as you want during your stay. Amazing waterpark that is great for all the family. Would definately go back and am already planning my next visit.	
Sep 11 2009 	Perfect	This place is complete paradise. You have everything right at your fingertips (Butler service makes sure of it!) and at the same time you still have a great deal of privacy. A ton of amazing restaurants to choose from along with nice and trendy lounges. Super clean pools and beach. Very beautiful and very calm. Huge property... be prepared to walk, take a buggy or 'boat'. Close to great shopping and even more great restaurants!	
Sep 10 2009 	Cant wait to go back again - 10th time	We first went to Dubai 9 years ago when my son got married there, he stayed at the Burj and we stayed at Jumeirah Beach as the other hotels were not built then. Since then we have stayed at Jumeriah Beach hotel 4 times, Al Qasr three times and just come back from our second stay in Dar Al Masyaf so in total we have stayed with the Madinat Jumeirah 9 times. I cannot praise the staff and the hotel enough, this year George, Jackie and Job looked after us in the Summer Houses and Milan the Duty Manager made our stay memorable. We are already planning our trip back to the Dar Al Masyaf for 2010 and I think the fact that we go back year after year proves what a fantastic time we have and how much you are looked after.	
Sep 5 2009 	a nice time	What a fabulous experience. We were lucky to get a upgrade to a Suite which was fantastic. All the staff were highly professional, nothing was too much. This was our 4th time in Dubai, stayed previously at Al Qasr and Jumeriah Beach. This was definitely the best. Would highly recommend it for all.	
Sep 4 2009 	We Love this Hotel	The room, the grounds, the restaurants and the views are all amazing, this is my second trip to the Madinat and we love it. The room is spacious, clean and well equipt, you are also so well looked after by the staff. The Dar Al Masyaf summerhouses have there own staff with lobby area, between 6 - 8 in the evening they hold a complimentry drinks service, you can anything you like from the branded drinks they also have on offer champagne. Our daughter was so well treated as well, on arrival she received a teddy bear and complimentry tolietry set, and every night on her pillow she received other little things like rubber ducks, lip balm, games and sweets. The villas also share private pools which are always so peaceful if you like to get away from the bussle of the large al qsar pool. The food was wonderful, we particularly liked the mina a salam buffet restaurant with its outdoor eating area with the view of the Burj al arab. We didnt find the drinks or food overly priced which we did expect as it is Dubai. Transport around the large hotel complex is either by golf buggy or by the little boats around the waterways, the water taxis are a lovely novelty. On the Madinat complex, it has its own souk with restaurants and shops, this gives you a different aspect as it does actually feel as though you are venturing out away from the hotel for a meal or drink. The hotel also has a very professional spa, the massage is a real treat. Although we will be trying another hotel next year, we will be back.	
Sep 1 2009 	fantastic hotel	have just returned from a week at dar al masyaf and cant believe how wonderful this place is !! as i work in the travel industry i have very high standards of customer service, but i was impressed by how polite, friendly and professional that all of the staff were at this resort. we stayed in villa 19 room 9 and had the most wonderful team of butlers, pool boy, lifeguard, buggy and abra drivers, special mention must go to john,connie and eduardo for their outstanding customer service skills, they are a credit to the company. the check in procedure was swift and very easy even though we arrived at 2am, we were taken by buggie to our villa and talked through the half board option and shown to our room very quickly. the rooms in this villa were beautiful and very spacious, every evening your butler would serve you free drinks for an hour before dinner which in dubai is a fantastic perk as prices are quite high, around fifteen pounds for two drinks. the private pool is just feet outside your door and was never any more than ten people there, also an abra station right outside the door so never had to walk far. resteraunts included in the half board option were fantastic, plenty of choice and something for everyone, even fussy eaters like me! would highly reccomed mj's steak house, must have been one of the best meals i ever had. got lost in the souk a few times before we found our way to where we wanted to be but all just part of the fun. beach area has wonderful day beds and only a short stroll to the warmest sea, felt like going into a bath! we have stayed in a few hotels in dubai over the years including the neighbouring burj al arab but can say that i will never stay anywhere else in dubai again after experiencing the dar al masyaf as it is a fantastic hotel, cant wait to my next visit.	
Aug 26 2009 	We loved it	My two children wanted to write a review of the hotel so here goes..Megan (aged 8) I really liked staying at the hotel. It was really fun. Everyone was so kind to us, especially the butlers and the Arbra drivers. I really loved all the food, my favourite restaurant was MJ's and the Chinese.William (aged 6) I had a great holiday. I loved Wild Wadi. My room was great especially when we were upgraded to the suite - I loved it. My favourite restaurant was MJ's and the Pad Thai. Jaya was really kind to me on the Arbra's and a man in MJ's made me a Shirley Temple which was really nice.Mum and Dad had a great time as well. The service, food and staff are second to none. The fact that the pool's have life guards looking after the pool allowed us to relax with the children. The whole experience was outstanding and we cannot wait to return next year. I would also particularly like to thank Katherine the Guest Manager who spent so much time and effort making our stay so special.	
Aug 26 2009 	Summer offer was worth it.	We stayed for a few days in the hotel and availed of their Summer Promotion (where two kids below 15 years of age stay with parents for free). I have to say that for that rate, it was so worth it. Checking in was a very, very pleasant experience. We were led to the main lobby by a friendly bellboy and was immediately given cool towels to freshen up. From the main lobby, we were directed towards the buggy station to be taken to our room. We were greeted by our private butler for the night, were warmly welcomed, checked-in and were led to our room, where refreshing drinks awaited us!The private butlers we had throughout our stay were always so friendly and helpful. The wait for the buggy ride is always not more than a 5-minute wait. The whole Madinat Jumeirah (Mina Salam, Al Qasr, Dar Al Masyaf, Madinat Souk) property is beautiful. During our stay, we tried most of the restaurants in Dar Al Masyaf/Al Qasr area and a couple of other restaurants/bars in Madinat Souk and they're all basically good.The only comment I have is the pool bar in the hotel. We went there to have drinks while watching the sunset but sitting at the bar put us off: alcohol bottles could use some dusting off, plastic cups look so worn out they should be replaced, the bartenders' work area could use some renovation! They look dull and dirty!Aside from that observation above, Dar Al Masyaf is worth the experience!	
Aug 21 2009 	Charming villas but disappointing service!	We toured the area in a buggy from JBH and fell in love with the peaceful setting of the complex. So we decided to make a very bold decision - to change our flights and book a room for one night in Madinet Jumeirah in the last minute. I asked for Mina Salam or Al Qasr but they gave me a villa (No. 7 which I have no complaint on its location). Never thought it would take me 2 hours to check in! The Emirates in Al Qasr didn't seem to care &amp; chit chatted with each other keeping us waiting..... Finally we were taken by a buggy to our villa. We were greeted by a butler - here came the real check-in process! He showed us to our room(s).... right, room&quot;s&quot; where I booked only 1 for my hubby &amp; 2 young kids. I thought the butler let us choose which room I preferred - one facing the beach and the other facing the backyard. No need to choose, right? The butler said the 2 rooms were ours. If we closed the main door behind us, the 2 rooms were actually connected! How nice to pay for 1 room and get 2 instead! Thought that was a nice treat during low season! Then we found out that it was a mistake - they charged us for 2 rooms, a whopping AED3,000 for a night! Once we cleared their mistake, we were given the room facing the backyard. I insisted getting the one facing the beach as they costed the same &amp; the room was obviously available (to us)! Butler said no, it was given to another family whom I heard was upgraded, why not us who came earlier &amp; were made such a terrible mistake?!Finally, the butler's manager gave us another room which faced the beach.... By the time, the sun had set &amp; we still had not had our luggages which was the first thing I urged for sending from JBH. There was no drinking water in our room &amp; at least 2 lamps did not work (didn't check the others). I called the butler &amp; even the emergency button on the phone, there was no answer!!!! I think I am a city person, I really don't appreciate this kind of (one and only) butler service. We finally headed out to the souk for dinner &amp; ran into the butler. I asked about the AED200 credit under the summer promotion program &amp; the butler rest assured us that our room rate came with full breakfast &amp; the credit.... I wasn't so sure as breakfast was not included when I booked the room with reservation desk. Anyway, we tried to look for a restaurant where we could use the credit. Before we checked the bill, I called the butler to confirm if there's no mistake &amp; he apologized he was wrong again. Great that I called, so I settled my bill using the Visa 30% discount instead.Nothing he or his manager could do, except to ask me to call the reservation desk again to see if I could change my booking to summer promotion. The girl handling my call acknowledged all the mishappenings &amp; gave me breakfast for free. Perhaps my expectation was too high seeing the complex, but got very disappointed by the poor service. Maybe my butler was a trainee. He definitely needs more training!	
Aug 20 2009 	Utopia!	There are insufficient superlatives to describe Dar Al Masyaf. I have been fortunate to have travelled extensively over the last 30 decades and this resort is without doubt the best I have ever stayed in. Its flawless, exciting, relaxing, opulent, luxurious, remarkable and it will stimulate all your senses from sight through to taste! Everything about it really is superb. Service at all levels is simply exemplary, the staff are surely some of the best trained in the world. From the moment we were met at the airport by their staff right through until the time we departed, our holiday really was perfect. Romantic heaven!We had a suite in one of the summer villas. It was enormous, having 3 balconies to choose from! The suite was luxury personified. I have never stayed anywhere that was kept so scrupulously clean during an entire stay and that extends across the whole resort too. A huge basket of fresh fruit was replaced each day and the in-room amenities were just right-the Bose sound system and two HD TVs were impressive. The huge and very comfortable bed was complimented by a pillow menu (the lavender filled- one is wonderful) With some 130 square metres of opulence to enjoy, who would not be ecstatic in one of these suites!Staying in a villa you have the best of all worlds that this resort has to offer; the tranquillity and charm of an Arabic summer villa overlooking a calm waterway, a pristine beach just a short buggy ride away, shared pools, numerous restaurants and relaxing bars. A whole host of shops and other facilities cater to your every whim too. Fixtures and fitting in the entire resort have been well thought out with impeccable taste. The butlers in our villa, Jobe and George to name just two, were so amazingly attentive and helpful. At times it was so quiet here we could not believe we were in a large resort in the middle of the developing metropolis of Dubai. The buffet breakfast taken in Al Qasr’s Arboretum was amazing. Virtually every variety of breakfast items from around the globe is available and the quality is excellent. I would also recommend that you do utilise the facilities in the adjacent Burj; simply incredible. This Dubai icon justifiably deserves its unique 7 star status. Again I was so utterly impressed by the staff who work here.We left the resort baffled how such luxury, service and facilities are provided for what does amount to comparatively inexpensive prices. My message to all luxury hotels everywhere; take a good hard look at what the Jumeirah group is providing, it’s setting the standard that all other hotels should aspire to. This is how good service should be done.	
Aug 17 2009 	Prepare to be spoilt!	This was our 4th stay in Dubai, each time having stayed within the Jumeriah/Madinet complex. 2 years ago we stayed within the hotel - Al Qasr, and so this time wanted to try the villas - we were not disappointed. We were initially put in villa 24 - which we found was quite a distance from the main pool area, so we asked to be moved, which we were to villa 16. This was much better and we soon found a short cut to the main hotel. The villa was outstanding, always exceptionally clean, butler service was nice and also the 2 hour happy hour from 6-8pm. The butler will call a buggy or Abra for you to go anywhere in the complex. I would recommend The Meat Co. restaurant and Beachcombers at Jumeriah Beach Hotel. Also check out the new Dubai Mall and its great aquarium and aquarium zoo.This visit we also did a desert safari through Arabian Adventures. It was excellent, very good value for money and great for everyone (dune buggying, bbq, camel rides, henna painting, belly dancer etc).We have stayed at 4 other hotels in Dubai (including the Burj) and the Dar al Maysaf is by far our favourite. We spent the last 2 nights of our holiday at the Atlantis - what a mistake, wish we had spent these last 2 days back at the villas!	
Aug 15 2009 	Best Hotel in Dubai...Amazing	I am writing this review because this hotel is by far the most amazing place we have ever stayed. My boyfriend and myself work in the travel industry and have stayed in many many hotels but this is by far THE BEST.Our first stay was in Jan of this year in Villa 5, I think, it was amazing the room was very spacious and the hotel staff and butlers were brilliant. It was so peaceful and relaxing. The beach was like a paradise words cant describe it. Restaurants are great so many to choose from..my favourite PaI Thai.As we enjoyed our first stay we returned in June to Villa 11. I loved this villa it was beautiful and the rooms were even more spacious. The staff were so lovely to me. I was on crutches and couldnt bear the heat too much, so i sat in the Majilas were everyone was so helpful to me. It was also my birthday, the hotel gave me a cake and flowers so thoughtful.I Love this hotel so does my boyfriend, we wont stay anywere else in Dubai, we urge everyone else to do the same. We are planning a return visit next month, hoping to stay on the beach this time.There is no were else in DUBAI that has a patch on the DAM in the Madinat Jumeirah.	
Aug 15 2009 	Out of this world!!!!	Absolutely incredible!!The Villa was amazing very spacious fabulous bathrooms and balconys, fresh fruit in your room every day The service was second to none the setting was divine! upon reading some of the negative reviews on this place I have to wonder were they staying in the same place I was!I have stayed in a lot of top class hotels from The Bay hotel in Cape town to the Prague Mandarin Oriental and WOW this by far outshines them all! The butlers in the villa could not do enough for you. Each evening we enjoyed complimentary drinks in the courtyard, you can choose from a glass of Moet to a bottle of beer! I found walking around the resort any staff member that you pass would warmly greet you, The staff taking you around the resort on the boats were fantastic so friendly &amp; giving us loads of great tips for places to visit &amp; things to do! On the beach you have staff coming around with icepops, iced cucumbers for your eyes and even coming over to spritz us with evian and giving us cool compresses afterwards to refresh Each night you have little gifts left on your bed, from little massage oils &amp; chocolates to a customised map with a jogging route and sweat bands! Unfortunately I did not get a chance to enjoy a spa treatment but we poped in for a visit &amp; were met by a lovely lady that gave us a tour of their world class spa I will definately be returning &amp; trying some of their treatmentsour whole experience was just out of this world! our dining experiences were some of the best we have had in the world ! You must try the steakhouse in the resort MJs mouthwatering and just exceptional service!The Dal Al Masaf must be one of the best accomodations in the world , it comes down to the amazing setting, exceptional staff and incredible attention to detail.	
Aug 11 2009 	beautiful place wonderful stay	This resort was truly something! No detail has been overlooked and it is absolutely stunning. Our room was comfortable, luxurious and drop dead gorgeous. One of the greatest assets to staying here was the access to Wild Wadi, the Burj Al Arab, the beach and the pools. As far as restuarants and ammenties... they have everything. My only complaint is that the hotel does everything in its power to get you to stay on the property. While it is lovely and very difficult to pull yourself away from here, we wanted to explore more of Dubai. We felt a little bit pressured to book restaurants on hotel property. While the staff was sweet and courteous, they didn't really know anything about the rest of Dubai, only what the hotel had to offer, so that made it a little tough to get around. Other than that, our stay was glorious and we'd love to go back for more relaxation in this beautiful place.	
Aug 11 2009 	Stunning Stay	The Dar Al Masyaf is the villa section of this 3 hotel complex, and we were so pleased we made the choice to stay there instead of the other 2 large hotels. There are several 9 room villas spread over the vast grounds of this property, and it is fun that you can reach them by golf buggy or by boat on the canal that runs through the complex. Each villa has a &quot;butler&quot; who looks after your every need, including on-line check in for our flight back to the UK. The service is fabulous, and you could just spend all your time in the resort if you feel like it. There is a spa, small shopping centre, free shuittle to the 2 largest shopping malls, and loads of restaurants to chose from. The room was beautifully decorated, and very large. I could have lived in the spacious bathroom. August was very hot, but the iced face towels waiting for you when you got back to your villa are just one of the touches that make this such a special place to stay. The buffet breakfast was superb, with enourmous choice, As it is availble until 11.30am, we never needed to bother with lunch. I'm going to start saving now so that I can return there soon. It's the best hotel I have ever stayed in. You won;t be disappointed.	
Aug 11 2009 	Absolutely awesome! The best place i've ever stayed!	My partner is Dubai mad! He absolutely loves it there, and this was his 5th trip. On the other hand this was my 1st trip and I honestly didnt know what to expect. People just loved to warn me about how very HOT it is at this time of year, and being 5 months pregnant, how i would melt in the heat! They were wrong.The Dar Al Masyaf summerhouses connected to the Al Qasr are stunning. It is the biggest room i have ever stayed in. More like a 1 bedroom apartment. It consisted of a huge, very comfy bed, a seating area with corner sofa and huge flatscreen TV, a changing area with wardrobes, and finally the biggest bathroom you'll ever see. It had a rain shower big enough to fit about 5 people in, a separate bath area, his and hers sinks, and then a separate toilet area. The decor is stunning, the air con is perfect and the large balcony is ideal for lunches in the sun. We stayed in Villa 18 which in my opinion is the best one after having explored the others. It is a 2 min walk from the Al Qasr entrance where you head for breakfast in the morning. Most of the other villas require buggies to take them up and down to the hotel, ours was so close we never had to wait around on buggies. Also the butlers in villa 18 are great. A special thankyou to Abiot, Ning, Dito and Caroline! They honestly couldnt have done enough for us...........Making reservations for drinks in town, lunch at the Burj Al Arab where they got us the best seats in the house, dinner reservations at any of the 4 hotels we could eat in using our half board, ordering buggies to take you anywhere you please in the Madinat Jumeria group. The drinks reception they hold between 6 and 8 in the villas was also great fun - sharing stories and waiting on you hand and foot. It really is worth paying that little bit extra to stay in the villas to experience the personal butler service!The main Al Qasr hotel is stunning with it's massive chandeliers and gorgeous bars and restaurants. Because we went half board we could eat in the Al Qasr, the Mina Salam or the Jumeriah Beach Hotel every night and all of them were equally as good as the other. Our favourite for ambience was the Arbaretum in Al Qasr, and our favourite for food choice was the Altitude restaurant in the Jumeriah hotel. I would definitely recommend going half board if you can. We saved a fortune, and were never short of places to eat! The private pool area at our villa was a real bonus. Most days we had it completely to ourselves and we felt like the only people staying at the hotel. Each pool has a lifeguard and a pool server who were great to talk to and would get you anything you needed. Every hour or so they'd come round with ice buckets, water, take drinks orders, cold towels to cool you down, lollies............it really made the poolside experience a great one. A special thanks to Bhong who was definitely the friendliest of the pool servers. Dubai itself is awesome. Staying with the madinat jumeriah group meant we could get buggies to all the connected bars of the Madinat hotels amd the Madinat Souk.............saving on taxi fares and making it very handy to get places. They also had Abras (boats) that took you anywhere in the group on the waterways connecting all the hotels. I had a great stay, with excellent food, excellent service, pure luxury in our room, and loads to see and do on our doorstep. We will definitely be going back!	
Aug 10 2009 	Most amazing hotel - so sad to leave!!	My teenage daughter and I were booked into the Dar al Masyaf at the Madinat Jumeirah hotel for 11 nights.As we pulled up outside the Al Qasr lobby upon arrival, our first thoughts were &quot;WOW!&quot; There were gold horse statues, and a wonderful water fountain. The chaps at the entrance were all fantastic! They took our cases for us and lead us in to the lobby, which was spectacular, beautiful.We sat in the lobby where we were given cold towels and offered drinks by a member of staff called Shine, who was very helpful. They told us our room would be ready in about 1 hour, but they were early, and we got in our room after just 30 minutes! We got a buggy from the lobby which took us to our Dar Al Masyaf villa, which was very quick. The butlers in the villa are excellent, a very helpful one was Tiger. Your butler is on call 24hours, and they can bring you ice, book you buggies, abras and make your dinner reservations. Rooms are fantastic, very spacious, we had an Arabian summerhouse. The rooms are lovely and cool, with an air conditioning and fan switch, so you can choose your rooms temperature. There is also a coffee making facilitie, free internet access, a telephone, ice buckets, complimentary fruit bowl, and ice pot. Also, there is a mini bar and mini fridge. Upon arrival, the butler came to our room and guided us around the room and showed us everything about the room and the hotel resort. The bathrooms are AMAZING..with a gorgeous huge shower, bath, toilet and two sinks. Everything was clean and in great working order.Rooms are very clean, and get cleaned twice a day, once in the morning, and once in the evening where they draw your curtains, put ice in your ice pot, and leave little gifts on your beds. Once it was chocolates, once it was massage oil, once it was lip balm and hand cream and body scrubs which I thought was a nice touch! By the door, is a switch to say whether you want room cleaning. It says (Do not disturb..or..Service my room) and when you select one of them, it will go red or green, and the cleaner can see this light from the outside.We had a waterway view room which was lovely and the balconies are MASSIVE!!The villa private pools are great, often busy during the day, but after 6pm, they are mainly empty. A lifeguard is there till 10pm, so they're very safe, but they do stare as you swim which can be a bit uncomfortable, but nevertheless, not a big deal.The gardens and grounds surrounding the Dar al Masyaf Arabian summerhouses are stunning, and kept very well, beautiful plants and lawn is mowed etc.The weather in July-August is scorching. Very humid and hot. After 5pm was our favourite time to go outside, otherwise it is just too hot (for us, anyway) Only complaint about being in a Dar Al Masyaf room was getting buggies for dinner. Sometimes they took up to 20 minutes to arrive and our butler had to call 3 times at once for the buggy to arrive. This did happen quite frequently aswell. For one instance, we had a dinner reservation and our butler ordered us a buggy, and they said we would have to wait for 15mins so we had to walk up to the al qasr lobby (not a too long walk, but still we shouldn't have to walk) and there were about 5 buggys empty and their drivers were just chatting and laughing, which was bad as they had only told us to wait as they couldn't be bothered to pick us up!Anyway, food at the Madinat is outstanding in my opinion!Breakfast - breakfast has a huge variety such asfruits - pineapple, mixed fruit salad, apple, grapes, melon, grapefruit, the list goes on...cooked breakfasts - baked beans, pork sausages, veal sausages, waffles, mushrooms, chicken noodlessavoury foods - chicken, turkey slices, smoked salmon, salads, lettuce, tomatoespancakes etc - crepes, french toast, waffles, sometimes there were egg omlettes, chocolate sauce, maple syrup, strawberry saucebreads - a large variety of breads and cheese and buttersyogghurts - a great selection of yoghurts, strawberry, blueberry, blackberry etc, very nice!suchi - yes, there was suchi at breakfast!juices - lemon&amp;mint, orange, grapefruit, watermelon juiceand also for drinks you can order water and coffee, hot chocolate and cappachinos and milk.lunch/brunch - we never had a proper lunch of brunch at the madinat, as we were half board but one time we did have a late lunch at the al qasr poolside restaurant. Portions were huge but very yummy. We had nachos, delicious, and the club sandwich with chips which was so delicious! Highly reccomended.dinner - we mainly had dinner at the Al Qasr main lobby restaurant (a buffet) called the Arboretum, and it was AMAZING! There was practically everything you could imagine!From breads, currys, butter chicken, salmon, salads, roast meats, potatoes, anything really.Some nights there was pasta with a great selection of pastas and sauces.Service at this restaurant was GREAT!All the staff here were perfect, they remembered our names, and always had a smile on their face, they remembered the drinks we always ordered and drinks always arrived quickly, and whenever you finished with one plate, it was cleaned away immediately.Lone Lone was a great waitress there, infact all of them were.They were all very sweet, for example, my daughter was getting some tomatoes onto her plate and they were hard to pick up on the small spoon, so a waiter did it for her.Deserts were good too, cheesecakes, pavlovas, fruit salads, ice creams, chocolate fountains and things to dip in, creme brulees, chocolate mousses, fruit mousses etc, etc.As half board, we got to eat for free in 3 restaurants.These were:Arboretum at Madinat JumeirahA restaurant in Mina a SalamA restaurant in Jumeirah BeachWe went to the Jumeirah Beach Buffet restaurant one night, and their selection of foods were wonderful, but service was quite useless. It was nothing compared to the Madinat Jumeirah.Took them 20 minutes to bring water and orange juice, and they never cleared our plates, so eventually we had to pile our plates up to make room!Another night we went to MJ's steak house at the Madinat Jumeirah, which is next door to the Arboretum buffet restaurant at the Al Qasr, and it was AMAZING too! Steak was perfectly cooked, chips great, menu selection excellent. Kids menu was great too. Food didn't take too long to arrive, service brilliant. There was a slight confusion with our order but they fixed it immediately.Deserts delicious there too.The Souk at Madinat Jumeirah is quite good. It has a good pharmacy but it seems to only sell expensive top brands. There was also a small stall with great natural beauty products such as moisturising soaps, preventations for hair loss, freckle solutuions, cures for bags under the eyes, and natural exfoliants..some lovely things.Also, there were some lovely clothes shops with fantastic sales on them!My daughter got Animal boardshorts for £8 which are £20 in the UK!A great place to get some good deals.Complimentary busses run from the Al Qasr lobby every 0 clock and half past, (every 30 mins) to the emirates mall and it takes 15 minutes to get there. Our butler printed out a leaflet of the bus times for the emirates mall.Emirates mall is brilliant, we went there countless times!Has everything there, amazing shops and some really good sales on designer brands like GUESS, Tommy Hilfiger etc.We went to the Mall of Dubai once too (biggest mall in the world!!) and it was MASSIVE! We barely got to see much of it, and time flies when you're shopping in the malls, before you know it, it's 5 hours later!We personally prefered the Emirates Mall as it is closer to the hotel, mall of dubai takes 45 minutes to get to via complimentary bus!I think that is all I need to say really, I think I've covered most things!Overall it was the BEST hotel I have ever stayed in, a real touch of luxury, and a huge thankyou to te Madinat Jumeirah for such a perfect locaction and vacation.We will deifinitely return soon!	
Aug 7 2009 	splendid	You can be assured that the hotel exceeds all expectations! Staff,food,spa,all!	
Aug 6 2009 	Fabulous - Why would you stay anywhere else in dubai?	Madinat Jumeriah and Dar Al Masyaf in particular are simply in a league of their own when it comes to Hotels in Dubai. In a destination boasting so many deluxe hotel you could be spoilt for choice , but in terms of facilities , surrounding and truly worldclass service , Dar Al masyaf really excels. I could never stay anywhere else.	
Aug 2 2009 	Dar Al Masyaf	I've got 4 words for you. BEST HOTEL IN DUBAI. Not really I have some more too. I have stayed at the DAM 2 years running and am planning another visit shortly. I read a few reviews on the TripAdvisor website and felt compelled to write a review of my own. Where shall I start, mmm first of all we arrived at the hotel a little early as me and my family took the night flight from London but this was no problem as the hotel staff at the Al Qasr just stored our bags gave us a mobile phone and access to the facilities and said they would call us when the rooms were ready. Anyway no more than 1 hour later after we (Me and 5 others) had all showered and changed our clothes we received a call notifying us that the rooms were now ready and to return when we were ready. As soon as we arrived at the lobby we were whisked away by what my wife called the buggy boogie along a scenic route to our villas where we were greeted by our Butler. Yes you heard it Butler who helped us to check in seamlessly. The great thing about these villas is that you feel special as although you are staying in a hotel it feels very private as you have a private pool that has a life guard and that is shared by only 2 other villas. This is great if you have kids as you can have the peace of mind that they are safe to go out and swim on their own. Anyway every evening from 6pm - 8pm in the lobby of the villa they whip open a complimentary bar. This must of saved us at least £400 on drinks as we used to neck a few before we would go out and hit the restaurants. Plus you get free access to Wild Wadi which is the best water park in DUbai and if you have kids, you would need to remortgage your house if you had to pay to go there everyday as we did. The location is fantastic. service is fantastic and the hotel is fantastic. I started by saying these 4 words and I think I will finish by saying these four words BEST HOTEL IN DUBAI!!.	
Aug 1 2009 	Amazing yet again!	I returned to Dar al Masyaf in July for 1 week with a friend, who it was their first time to Dubai! Everything about the hotel is truely magical and it is the perfect beach holiday. Yes it is hot in July however it is just bearable and free access to Wild Wadi is a great help with the heat!!I have only given it 4 out of 5 this year as I did notice that the standard of service in the hotel has slipped slightly. I noted that many other travellers had mentioned this before I went and I did just think that they were being a little too picky. However as a returning guest you do tend to pick up on the little things and compared to my 2 week stay last year the little things suffered! I mean they are not enough to say not to go to this hotel and my friend was none the wiser however the service around the pools and the beach was extremely slow and at times, I am sorry to say, seemed unexistant! it was rather hard to get the attention of the waiters. I also noticed that the cold towels, lolly ices and fruit kebabs were not as frequent as last year!There is work going on by the Jumeriah beach hotel of a night and on the beach at Al Qasr there is a lot of sand which has sort of been piled up and you cannot walk down to the sea as it is too steep! You have to walk further down to by Mina al Salam if you want to go for a dip! It did not spoil our time on the beach however it was a bit off a pain and there was no reason explained why it was like this!Apart from the above, this hotel is amazing and the butlers in villa 16 were truely outstanding! A big thank you to Edgar and Nicholas which nothing was too much trouble! Make sure you take advantage of the free drinks every evening at 6-8pm as it is a great way to socialise with people from other rooms! Also take advantage of the discount booklet in your rooms as it is a big help!I would highly reccomend Mj's steakhouse, the fillet steak is out of this world and the service is excellent! Brunch is also a must, and guests at the Madinat receive 25% off with the discount booklet!I would reccomend this hotel to my friends however I am a bit unsure wether I would return as I am concerned that the service will only get worse and with many new hotels opening in Dubai maybe its time to try somewhere new!	
Jul 22 2009 	sublime	Just returned from 8 nights at DAM with the family. Highly recommended for rest and relaxation. Views are sepctacular and the rooms are very comfortable. Abra, buggy and butler all great. Talise good, but assawan at Burj better. Sinbad's great for kids. Wild Wadi still the best. Aqua-adventure does not come close, Big thanks to the butler team at Villa 18 especailly Abgyot and Mahesh. You guys made our stay that much better. Jumeirah you did it again. Can't wait to return next year. Will Aqua Duniya and Al Fattana be ready???? If not will make do with DAM, JBH (Premium Lei. Club), or Burj. Hhhhmmmmm tough choice! BTW everyone must check out the dancing fountain at dubai mall it's brill.	
Jul 14 2009 	A Wonderful Weekend	My husband and I spent a three day weekend recently, at the Dar Al Masyaf Villas, to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary. As residents of Dubai, we have eaten previously at many of the restaurants in the Madinat Complex and rarely have been disappointed. We - and friends and family - have also stayed at the DAM in the past, so were aware of the services offered. We had notified the Hotel, in advance, that this was a special celebration and Ms Cristel did a wonderful job of honouring all our requests re the room and the restaurant reservations. From the moment we arrived, the Staff extended their congratulations and good wishes - and offered to do whatever they could to make our stay extra-special. The summer house in which we stayed had a beautiful view and was only metres from the sea and the beach. The room was big and comfortable and on our arrival the bed was strewn with rose petals and had two swan 'sculptures' (cleverly made from linen) on the bed - an appropriate choice, as swans mate for life! A complimentary bottle of Prosecco was on ice, as well as a bowl of fresh strawberries and another bowl of dipping chocolate. Our Butler then arrived with a vase of red roses and two glasses of fresh orange juice. Of course the mood was set instantly, for a wonderful weekend. We cannot praise the Staff enough. The Butlers in Villa 2 were most obliging - 'going the extra mile' to find the particular teabags and the Sunday paper we'd requested. A special mention here for Paul, who was always smiling and helpful. Breakfasts, in the Arboretum, were veritable feasts, with every kind of food you could wish for. We ate dinner at MJ's on the first evening and then at PierChic and were extremely happy with the the food and the service - &amp; were pleasantly surprised to be presented with a 'Happy Anniversary' cake from each restaurant. Also, after requesting a cocktail which was not on the Bar list, I was asked to describe the ingredients, so that the Barman could make it specially for me - &amp; in record time! Over the three days of our stay, we were asked repeatedly, if everything was to our satisfaction - and if there was anything else that the Staff could do for us. The really marvellous aspect of a stay here, is that, IF there is anything with which you are not happy, you can be assured that a Manager will contact you and do his/her best to rectify your complaint. Caring about guests' opinions is what makes the difference between a good and a poor holiday experience and is the reason that so many people are returnees to the Dar Al Masyaf and the Al Qasr Hotels.We were fortunate enough on this occasion to take advantage of some of the Summer Special Offers, and the subsequent 'value for money', added to our overall enjoyment!We cannot recommend Dar Al Masyaf and the Al Qasr - and their Staff - highly enough.	
Jul 9 2009 	i'll come many times	I was staying in Dar al masyaf -02’s butler team.I and my collages were too happy of being there and I want to give many thanks to the people who were in villa 02: Chun, Paul, Neil, Sanju, and Nash.I promise to come there any time I visit Dubai.I think the people who working there are will trained.Ahmed Al MalkThinkers company manager.[--]Saudi Arabia.Dammam	
Jul 7 2009 	Best hotel in the world...... Seriously!	I have just returned from the Dar al Masyaf with my wife. It was our Honeymoon and we thought we would give Dubai a try. I had read lots of reviews about the Dar al masyaf and they all looked great so we thought we would give it a try. When we arrived we were shocked at how beautiful the hotel was. It is amazing! The complex consists of three hotels all built into one. The Dar al masyaf, the Jumeriah beach hotel and the Mina A salam. All three hotels are amazing and guests who stay in the Dar al Masyaf are able to use all the facilities in each hotel. All the rooms in the Dar al masyaf are summer houses. The room we were given was unbelievable. The pictures people have posted are exactly what it is like. You have to see them to believe it. Each Summer building consists of about 8 summer houses and has a butler to serve them rooms. The butlers were brilliant. They couldnt help you enough, and I would like to say a special thankyou to George, Job and Zulfiya. They were brilliant. Each nite between 6 and 8 guests could go the the butlers reception and have drinks free. This was brilliant. Usually when me and my mrs go away we just keep ourselves to ourselves. In these two hours we got to ingle with a cuple of other guests and it was fabulous. We traded stories about past holidays every night. I got to the butlers reception bang on 6pm every night and took advantage of the free drinks for 2 hours. Each nite I booked our evening meal for 8.30pm so we could take advantage. It saved us so much money. All the restaurants in the hotels are fantastic. Im a bit of a foody and I have been to Gordon ramsays restaurants and places like that, but the food there was out of this would. Well up there with the fine dining restaurants. One night we went MJ's steakhouse and I got Wagyu beef with Truffle mash! Out of this world! Im begging you. If you are considering going to Dubai please please please go to this hotel.. We have travelled round many 5 star hotels around the world, but this is the best by a mile. The little golf buggys anf boats that take you around the hotel are fantastic. You dont have to walk any where if you want to be lazy! I am already looking at going back next year. This time I am gonna save up more and get an extra posh room. All of them are though to be honest. Please go to this hotel. It seriosly is in my opinion the best hotel in the world.	
Jul 6 2009 	Incomparable quality	The service, the service, the service! What other reason do you need to go to a hotel? We have been to visit this hotel 7 times and have never failed to be impressed by the unfailing quality standards set by the staff and management. Every year we take a Dubai trip, and every year I trawl through the hotels and deals available, and every year I reach the same conclusion; quite simply, the Dar Al Masyaf (DAM) offers impeccable service, comfortable and spacious accommodation and great value for money (where value doesn't necessarily mean the cheapest). Any problems we have encountered have always been dealt with efficiently and effectively and always with politeness a forethought. Our children love the resort and are always welcomed and we know that they are always perfectly safe even if out of our sight (I defy any resort to have more lifeguards per sq metre). We have stayed at other top-class hotels in Dubai but often find that, whilst they allow children, we often feel that children are tolerated rather than welcomed, particularly around the pool area (even with quiet, polite children like ours). Mostly that is from other guests rather than the hotel itself. This is not a problem at the Madinat as the resort is so huge with lots of pools that all types of guest can find their niche and co-exist. It isn't cheap to eat there, but they often do deals. All in all, I am lucky enough to have stayed at many of the world's top hotels and rate the DAM as one of these. I have recommended the hotel to many friends and colleagues and they have all been delighted. Hope this helps you make your decision!	
Jul 6 2009 	Everything is true...	From the moment you sweep you the opulent driveway, garnished with golden horses, you know you've arrived in a surreal place of luxury. Believe everything good that is written about this place... it is amazing. The beach is immaculate - lots of water sports on offer - there's even a tucked away beach football area that my kids loved. The buffets are of the highest order - stupendous selection from across the globe with added luxury and quality, eg, a buffet station with a chef producing freshly pan-fried floppy foie gras. The swimming pools are massive and have so many lifeguards that you can truly relax with your favourite novel while the kids splash around. The only specific teeny weeny thing I could fault was the quality of cocktails - they could do with a few mixology lessons to bring them up to GREEEEEEEEEAT rather than good. Overall, just relax and love it - the ultimate place to turn off without having to leave the kids at home.	
Jul 5 2009 	Quality location and service all first class	This was our 4th visit to the Madinat Jumeirah hotel and our 3rd time in the villas. As always the whole experience was very good from the minute we arrived to leaving. The Villas with the on hand butler service make doing anything a breeze. I agree with a previous report that the private pool service was not as good as previous years, but it was still good. Everything else was as good as before. The best bit was you were treated like a returning guest, they had done their homework and welcomed you back, which for such a large hotel was really nice.We stayed in villa 11, two minutes to the beach and we were 5 steps from patio to pool!There are 40+ places to eat, this time we decided to try all new restaurants from our previous trips. Pisces was the best, highly recommended and i would also recommend Segreto, both a reason to dress up, good quality food and wine a place for a special treat. We also dined at MJ's which was a decent steak house.The main pool was chilled which in the heat 43degs was required but th private pools were quiet and chilled out. I did a bit of both as people watching around the main pool is an interesting way to while away an hour or two!We will be back	
Jun 30 2009 	A fantastic getaway in Dubai!	Perfect for a relaxing week off, or even a long weekend, for getting away from it all and just having a good time. The website images that Madinat Jumeirah have up do not do these rooms justice, they are very spacious and the bathroom is almost as big and very well appointed. The decor is beautifully done, and you feel pampered just lounging in your room. Many on site activities, guest-only beach and pools were great, and you have access to an amazing variety of restaurants, lounges, and shops on the property. The 24 hour butler service is very convenient and Jumeirah has outdone itself in providing guests with amenities that are included in the stay.... happy hours in the villas, treats in the rooms, and discount coupons for restaurants and lounges in the resort. A real treat!	
Jun 29 2009 	Give the Dar Al Masyaf 5/5 again....but only just!	Just returned from a 10 day visit at the DAM with my wife and two children aged 13 and 10, which was our 10th visit to Jumeirah properties in Dubai in the past 6 years. Although we were advised by Jumeirah reservations that if we booked direct with them and not through an agent we would def be given a Summer House with a lagoon view, on arrival we were given a room with no view at all, except the branches of a very large tree. Usually we stay in a Gulf view but friends had recommended a lagoon view due to some night timework being done on the beach during the time we were there.Initially when I asked to change rooms we were told it was not possible (even though the place was in no way full) and when I asked to speak to the General Manager I was informed that he doesnt speak to guests unless they put it in writing and he will reply in due course!!!! Only when I said I was cancelling my booking and transferring to the Atlantis did Randy a team leader grudgingly and in no way politely offer to move us, in fact the attitude with the staff we encountered in villa 11 was very poor, it was almost a &quot;like it or lump it &quot; attitude which we had never experienced in a Jumeirah hotel before. I have to say the staff (butlers, housekeeping and pool staff at our new room, no 22 were outstanding and they really looked after us, whith nothing being too much trouble, which was in stark contrast to our welcome to no 11. The room also had a fantastic view. In summary the resort is still excellent but service standards are obviously slipping quite a bit which wont be helped if management dont want to hear guest feedback unless it is put in writing. Have I been put off the place....yes a bit and to be honest not sure I want to give any company over10 grand a year when the management wont speak to me if I have a complaint. Will think seriously whether we stay with Jumeirah on our next trip to Dubai.	
Jun 8 2009 	Luxurious hotel with great attention to detail.	We are coming to the end of a fantastic 10 day stay at the Al Qsar and Dar Al Masyaf (5 days in each). Having stayed at the Al Qsar twice previously, we decided to return to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary as we knew that we would get excellent service in beautiful surroundings. All of the rooms, whatever the level, are luxurious - with extras such as flowers, fruit, water and a surprise gift every evening making it extra special. Service throughout the hotel, beach, pool, restuarnts etc. is exceptional, with friendly and helpful staff. There is plenty to do in the area, from shopping (gold souk, Harvey Nichols and many more!) to skiiing on the dry ski slope or having a relaxing treatment in the spa. There are many bars, restaurants and shops in close proximity so you don't need to travel far.	
Jun 7 2009 	Hospitality at its best!!	You are waiting for a golf cart to take you around the splendid hotel when suddenly a golf cart stops and the driver greets you and says: &quot;Ma'am, Wish you a very Happy Birthday!!&quot; This is exactly what happened I decided to take my wife to Dar Al Masyaf for her birthday and Gopal, one of the golf cart drivers, simply left me and my wife spell bound. I have always known that hotel staff are trained to &quot;delight and Wow&quot; the guest, but there are only few hotels which can match/exceed the expectations of the guest. From Manas helping us to make the reservation to Gopal taking us around the 3 hotels, Lancy, one of the Abra drivers and Kathy, who took care of al our needs at the Villa we have never been pampered so much in our lives. Our stay was truly memorable and will definitely come back again...A big Thanks to the entire team at Madinat Jumeirah. You are certainly doing an incredible job...Cheers.	
Jun 1 2009 	Just fantastic......again!	My wife and I have stayed at Dar Al Masyaf twice and are now planning another trip for later this year. Yes, it's expensive but we take one week's overseas holiday per year so for us it's worth every penny. The service, the rooms, the location and the choice of bars and restauarants make it the perfect place for people looking for somewhere luxurious to chill-out. I;m sure there are other excellent hotels in Dubai (or anywhere else around the World) but after 2 trips we've become spoilt and can't imagine anywhere as good as this.	
Jun 1 2009 	fantastic hotel with amazing service	Stayed in villa 10 - rooms 03 and 04 as a family of 5. What a fantastic position with views from ground floor patios of burj, waterways and beautiful gardens. I think we had the best view around. Butler service excellent as very attentive and they call the abra (water taxi) or buggy to transport you around the hotels expansive grounds. The villa has access to a pool which has a lifeguard and is a very welcome relief as temperature was 46C whilst we were there. Would recommend eating at The Meat Co in the souk in hotel grounds and also very poular was Pai Thai both accessed along the waterways. We also had a go at Segway (motorised balance scooter) which takes you around hotel grounds,(available by jumeriah beach hotel external shops.) This was the best fun and even my 9 yr old mastered it in 2 minutes.Would definitely stay here again and would request these rooms for views.	
May 25 2009 	Didn't think it was possible to be better than Mina a Salam	Yes it was better but only by the finest of margins. Based on our experiences, I don't think you will be disappointed whichever hotel or villa you stay in within the Madinat complex. Some signs that they were suffering low occupancy levels because of world economy problems, in particular some of the restaurants were pretty quiet, but this had no impact whatsoever on service standards which were as high as ever. The relative weakness of sterling now makes Dubai an expensive holiday, but it's still worth it, when you are in Hotels of this standard. All going well we will be back.	
May 12 2009 	preferred rooms at Al Qasr	Stayed for the third time at Madinat Jumeirah. First time at Mina A'Salam, second time at Al Qasr and third time in a villa at Dar Al Masyaf. We did not stay voluntarily at the Villa in Dar Al Masyaf. We had booked two rooms at Al Qasr, but were upgraded to the villas with butler. Since it was a business trip, I would have preferred a regular room at Al Qasr, as I do not like large rooms when I travel by myself. The villas are nice, but not as cozy as the rooms in Al Qasr. Service is still outstanding and the facilities are unmatched in Dubai. Would never stay anywhere else if I were to go on vacation in Dubai. The beach, the pool, the restaurants are all unparalleled. We had access to the Executive Lounge, which is definitely a nice plus.	
May 4 2009 	Stunning in every respect	This hotel exceeds all expectations, exquisite throughout. Nothing has been left to chance, the decor, the furnishings, the staff, the food, the service is all second to none, an absolute delight. Expensive but worth every single dirham.	
May 4 2009	Loved the hotel but ....	I loved the hotel liked everything .. having a butler who is there 24/7 for you was a unique service everything i asked for came quick and fast to my room.the room was clean the bathroom was 100% clean and shiny. plus i liked the body products they had in the bathrooms PERFECT.but the breakfast wasn't that good i ordered english breakfast. was a bit disappointed.	
May 1 2009 	Near perfect	We have just returned from nearly 2 weeks in the gorgeous resort of Jumeirah Dubai.We went to Dubai with an open mind really expecting building work all around us and service not actually up to the hype.We were truly very pleasantly surprised.The summerhouses we stayed in are part of the Jumeirah resort and possibly one of the nicest parts.Our summerhouse was private and secluded and they all have a little private courtyard in the middle of 9 rooms. All the rooms are serviced by a butler who is in the little reception area 24 hours a day and who will sort anything out for you. They were always incredibly courteous and helpful.At 6pm we would sit outside in the courtyard for our &quot;happy hour&quot; where drinks were served for 2 hours, complimentary.The whole resort is serviced by buggies and abrhas(little boats) and makes getting around easy and enjoyable.Our room was spacious enough for 2 adults and 2, 11 year olds but I think the sofa bed is not ideal for anyone older and Im not surprised children older than 12 have to be accommodated in another room.The huge bathroom though meant that the room actually felt more spacious than it probably was.It was lovely.I loved the beach area and there was always plenty of staff to help you settle comfortably on the beach wherever you wanted to be. The advantage of the arabian summerhouses was that after a day on the beach , or wild wadi ( complimentary to all guests at Jumeirah) we could chill out in the private pool area next to our summerhouse. ( shared with 2 others). This is particularly good for families with young children. There are lifeguards everywhere including at the private villa pools.I was impressed with the excellent way ALL the staff had been trained to be of an exceptional standard of efficiency and politeness. Nothing was ever too much trouble and we were always greeted with courteousness and a smile.I loved the harmonious mix of races both staff and guests.Wild wadi water park is great for the kids and because it is included in your stay you can go as many times as you want. We went many times, just for a couple of hours.I was truly impressed how immaculate and clean it was. Again the staff were fantastic and lifeguards were everywhere, always with a smile .Everyone we met (staff) asked us always, how are you?The restaurants at Jumeirah are all very good and not as expensive as we had been led to believe. The worst experience was at the Burj al Arab where we were made to feel very unwelcome. My 11 year old son, as smart as he was, was almost not let in to the restaurant because he didn't have closed shoes. While I agree with a sensible dress code, I was disgusted at the way we were made to feel inadequate. When we pointed out he was 11 they said OK. Our bill was £600 so we were not exactly ruffians coming off the beach!The restaurant staff were very rude.All the other restaurants were great with the children.I wouldnt recommend the restaurants in the souk madinat. These are not run by Jumeirah and you can tell. They are not good and the staff are totally different.As for the building work, we had none near us unless you count &quot;the Palm&quot; in the distance.Dubai is not a beautiful place, its like canary wharf , but the beach resorts are excellent.We all had a fantastic holiday and I would say it caters for all ages and all expectations.We will be back.	
Apr 24 2009 	Unbelieveable experience!	From the moment we entered the turning to the hotel I knew we had made the right decision. It was my first time to Dubai, although my wife travels there several times a year.Our check in was seamless, with our (many heavy!) bags whisked away to the room. A short buggy trip (the little ones really thought this was fun!) to our villa and an introduction to the butler made us all feel very welcome and relaxed, even though it was the early hours of the morning!Our room was very spacious, immaculately presented, with a large bed for us, and a comfortable pull out for the little ones to share. Our balcony looked out over the waterways with a distant view of the Burj.Our villa shared a pool with another, (there are other pools at the hotel, but this was about 15 metres from our villa!) it was never busy, had it's own pool butler and it's own lifeguard (they seem to rotate the lifeguards every 45 minutes or so) and the pool was a maximum of 1.2metres so no problems for the children going too far out of their depth.We made good use of the Abras (small boats) for getting to different parts of the resort, again a real plus for the children!We tended to eat in the same restaurant most evenings (Arboretum), as it had a buffet for the children, but allowed us to dine and 'graze' at our leisure. The quality of food equalled or surpassed anything I've tried in other hotels around the world, the choice was excellent and so was the service on the most part. - I would recommend booking for any of the restaurants if you want to guarantee a good table.We didn't take advantage of many of the extensive facilities available within the hotel as we were there for a rest, although the children did venture into Sinbad's Kids Club a few times and had great fun. As we were staying over Easter, the hotel had laid on party games and camel rides on the beach, with lots of chocolate for the children!To sum up, I can't stop thinking about the excellent time we had, certainly the best family holiday we have ever had. The staff were the most attentive, best presented (uniforms were clean, pressed and smart) I've ever known, and their attitude to the guests were second to none. I would certainly go back, either with or without my children!I kind of think you get the idea by now... We loved it!	
Apr 22 2009 	Unbelievable experience!	From the moment we entered the turning to the hotel I knew we had made the right decision. It was my first time to Dubai, although my wife travels there several times a year. Our check in was seamless, with our (many heavy!) bags whisked away to the room. A short buggy trip (the little ones really thought this was fun!) to our villa and an introduction to the butler made us all feel very welcome and relaxed, even though it was the early hours of the morning!Our room was very spacious, immaculately presented, with a large bed for us, and a comfortable pull out for the little ones to share. Our balcony looked out over the waterways with a distant view of the Burj.Our villa shared a pool with another, (there are other pools at the hotel, but this was about 15 metres from our villa!) it was never busy, had it's own pool butler and it's own lifeguard (they seem to rotate the lifeguards every 45 minutes or so) and the pool was a maximum of 1.2metres so no problems for the children going too far out of their depth.We made good use of the Abras (small boats) for getting to different parts of the resort, again a real plus for the children!We tended to eat in the same restaurant most evenings (Arboretum), as it had a buffet for the children, but allowed us to dine and 'graze' at our leisure. The quality of food equalled or surpassed anything I've tried in other hotels around the world, the choice was excellent and so was the service on the most part. - I would recommend booking for any of the restaurants if you want to guarantee a good table.We didn't take advantage of many of the extensive facilities available within the hotel as we were there for a rest, although the children did venture into Sinbad's Kids Club a few times and had great fun. As we were staying over Easter, the hotel had laid on party games and camel rides on the beach, with lots of chocolate for the children!To sum up, I can't stop thinking about the excellent time we had, certainly the best family holiday we have ever had. The staff were the most attentive, best presented (uniforms were clean, pressed and smart) I've ever known, and their attitude to the guests were second to none. I would certainly go back, either with or without my children!I kind of think you get the idea by now... We loved it!	
Apr 16 2009 	My Favourite Hotel	I have been fortunate enough to stay at the Madinat Jumeirah a number of times for leisure and also for business. Dar Al Masyaf is my favourite out of the 3 hotels within the Madinat complex. It is quiet and feels more private than the other hotels in my opinion. The location is simply stunning.The rooms are spacious with a huge comfortable bed and all rooms have a good size balcony or courtyard are with views over the waterways or the beach. The bathrooms are well appointed with great showers and really large baths and the bathroom products are fabulous!Staying at Dar Al masyaf gives you access to the whole Madinat resort facilities that can be reached by boat, foot or golf carts easily. You get free access to the Wild Wadi water park to. The beach is good with spectacular views of the Burj Al Arab. Restaurant and bar selection is extensive. I Have always liked the Pai Thai restaurant and enjoy The Agency bar in the Souq area.Every afternoon from 6-8pm the hotel would put on free drinks in the courtyard reception area of our Dar Al Masyaf villa which was a great way to meet fellow guests if you wished and it was always nice to receive champagne in the afternoon!The service was great. The staff made sure every detail was taken care of including your preference for warm or cold milk in your morning coffee. I have stayed at many nice hotel in Dubai and around the world and Dar Al Masyaf is definitely my favourite. I keep going back and have another trip booked there in June!	
Apr 13 2009 	Too remote	Stayed here one night before asking to move to a 1 bedroom suite in Al Qasr (separate review).The room was ok but somewhat sterile and not very comfortable. However, the bathroom was very nice and modern with a huge bathtub. The seaview consisted of palms directly outside the balcony which totally obstructed any view of the beach at all. We also found the villas to be too remote form the rest of the Madinat complex. We didn't stay long enough to comment further.	
Apr 12 2009 	Luxury with outstanding personal service	I have stayed at many 5* hotels in Dubai and can honestly say that to date the Dar Al Masyaf is my favourite. The Madinat Jumeirah resort is linked by waterways serviced by abras or on land by golf buggies. Being in DAM allowed us the best of both worlds: where we could relax by the summerhouse's pool and feel like we were the only ones there or take a buggy over to the larger pools of the resort or the beach area.The resort is vast and besides the three hotels, there are numerous restaurants, a spa and it's own souk - really no need to leave the resort! Incidently whilst we were there, the resort was apparently running ar 91% occupancy but certainly did not feel like it.Travelling with small children, it is important for us to keep them entertained and the Sinbads Kids Club and Wild Wadi waterpark did just that. I should also mention on a safety issue that I have never seen so many lifeguards on duty around a hotel pool.To summarise, the Madinat Jumeirah ticked all the boxes and especially the Dar al Masyaf. It's pleasant laid back atmosphere with professional and attentive staff made it a bit more special than many of it's larger impersonal counterparts.	
Apr 5 2009 	Phenomenal	My colleague and I had meetings in Dubai for a week and were going to stay at the one and only.....after some research (and comments from this site) we decided on Dar al Masyaf and are so glad we did....the service is great, the location is the best by far, the food was great. The entire property has everything you could want from shopping, eating, relaxing etc. The rooms are great....we didn't want to leave and plan on coming back.	
Apr 3 2009 	Fantastic breathtaking Beautiful perfect relaxing holiday	We visited Al Qsar in March 07, Sept 07, Aug 08,this year we are going to stay in one of the Summerhouses with Private Butler so on my return in July I will endevour to make a review.Al qsarEverytime it takes my breath away, fantastic service , when we arrived we were shown to our room( which was lovely) but having been before I knew exactly the location of room I wanted , within 10 minutes we had the room of Our choice, we tried to request this before but was informed this was not possible.The Fish restaraunt Pierichi is to die for if you like beautifully presented and mouth watering tasting food then this is a must. It is a little pricey but we feel well worth it, you may even see a celebritiy or two.The restaraunts in and around the Al qsar are of very high standard so expect to pay a little more but you can also eat in one of the many restaraunts in the souk which offer many price ranges, maybe a quick pizza or a steak in the streak house, or even in the noodle bar, whatever your palate there will be something for you.over all one of the nicest places I have been toLuxury at it's best	
Mar 21 2009 	Idyllic exquisite and nearly faultless	This 5 night stay at the Dar al Masyaf was the third trip to Dubai for my husband and myself. Our previous holidays were taken with our children and we stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel in February 2005 and at the Al Qasr in October 2005.Our Virgin flight landed at 7am on Thursday, traffic to the DAM was fairly light and our taxi cost 61 AED. We checked in and were offered immediate availability in ground floor Arabian Deluxe summer house in Villa 19. I had emailed requesting an upper floor room in Villa 28, 29 or 12-14 which had been noted on our booking but having been offered such an early check in we decided to view and accept the available room which was beautiful, with a secluded outlook, but very dark inside due to the amount of overhanging foliage. If we had been checking in later in the day I would probably have asked to see a different villa but we were very grateful for the early check in and decided that the bonus of having use of our room for a full day was a blessing too good to turn down.Room service was discreet and faultless throughout our stay. Butler service was less impressive overall particularly during happy hour when we had to replenish our own glasses a couple of times and on one occasion we had to wait for more wine to be delivered to the Villa because there was no white wine left (not due to our personal consumption I hasten to add) and both on this evening and one other the white wine was not chilled. This inconsistent service was a disappointment to us because otherwise the Villa courtyard is a peaceful and relaxing venue to enjoy a glass or two of wine before leaving for dinner. We enjoyed chatting with a couple of our Butlers during our stay but did find the turnover of Butler staff more frequent than anticipated. As a general comment all the staff at the Madinat Jumeirah hotels including Abra and buggy drivers, waiting staff etc were, without exception, polite and friendly.Of the five nights of our stay we only ate twice 'onsite'. On our first evening we took an Abra to the Souk to dine at P Squared the brasserie above Pisces Restaurant. Unfortunately this did not turn out to be the experience I had anticipated as the upper terrace was closed and P Squared diners were instead accommodated inside Pisces at the back of the restaurant to the far right.. Food service was a little slow and a table of neighbouring diners were heartily complaining that the desert wine they had requested had still not arrived 30 minutes after ordering. Whilst our meal was absolutely delicious I did feel like we were 'second rate' diners for chosing from the PSq menu. Our bill was AED 245 which included two main courses and two glasses of water. We also ate quayside at the Souk one evening at Left Bank which is not a Jumeirah restaurant. The bar inside is funky and outside dining by the waterside is just lovely. Our meals were very good and I would certainly eat there again (total bill was AED 267 for 1 cocktail, 1 non alcoholic cocktail, 2 main courses and 1 side salad). There really are so many restaurants by the beautiful waterside at the Madinat Souk to choose from but be aware that everywhere is very busy. Our other meals were taken at Certos at the Radisson Hotel Media City, Latino House at Al Marooj Rotana which are both highly recommended and in an Italian restaurant on Jumeirah Beach Walk. Jumeirah owned Restaurants around the resort can be extremely expensive but it is also possible to enjoy fabulous dining at a more reasonable price by researching restaurants before or after you arrive.We took a taxi ride to Atlantis one morning (AED 28) for a chance to see the Palm and the hotel. We have previously stayed at Atlantis in the Bahamas and were interested to compare the shiny new Dubai version but as we were not paying guests nor Aquaventure customers we found that we had very limited access and we were not really able to see much of the hotel at all. We did, however, enjoy the 'free-view' Aquarium in The Avenues and contemplated paying to go in The Lost Chambers (which was a reasonable price although I can't recall how much) but decided to get back out in the sunshine and took a taxi to Marina Walk instead. The whole Marina development just took my breath away. I am totally astounded at just how much building has been accomplished since we were last in Dubai in 2005. The Marina development site/Media City/The Palm etc is just so much more vast than I had imagined. Marina Walk set amidst the sky scrapers and construction is pleasant oasis and we stopped to have a coffee and to gawp at the yachts. There is a dhow cruise available from here.In summary we love the setting, luxury and privacy of the Dar al Masyaf and would highly recommend the hotel and Madinat Jumeirah resort as a whole. Enjoy your stay.	
Mar 18 2009 	Just Disappointing	We returned to this hotel after 4 years (in between staying at Royal Mirage) The wow factor seemed to be missing and the buzz not there.We chose DAM over the rest of the hotel because we felt it offered something extra but I am not sure we were right. The Butler service was unattentive and particularly focussed on the massive Russian contingent which fills the hotels.The main gripe is the price of alcohol and particularly wine. I understand the tax that all hotels are subjected to but to have to pay a minimum of £80 for a bottle of below average wine just spoils the experience. Our favourite champagne Billecart Salmaon which costs between £60 and £75 in London restaurants was £366 at the hotel restaurants. Dubai wants tourists but this will put even the wealthy off.If we go to Dubai with the children next month I may just return to the Royal Mirage as the welcome is guaranteed.	
Mar 11 2009 	Loved every minute of it...	We stayed for three nights in an Arabian Summerhouse to break up the journey back to the UK from 10 days in the Maldives.It was a fantastic place. The grounds are beautifully kept and the waterways a real novelty. Each Summerhouse has 9 rooms and share a butler. Every three Summerhouses shares a small private pool. It's very peaceful, you get the impression there's hardly anyone else there.The rooms are lovely and the bathroom quite luxurious (of course it depends where else in the world you might have stayed - for us this was one of the best appointed hotels we've ever had - the whole area had a feel of 'Disney' to it and was as good as some of the upmarket hotels in the Universal Studios area of Florida).Some restaurants are dotted about the waterways with picturesque terraces, the others are in the Souk and promenade area.You can take your breakfast in 3 different locations, we chose the tented area at the beach/pool. The buffet was the best we've ever seen in our lives, the service superb, the setting lovely,with very cool chillout music playing. A lovely start to the day.The Al Qasr hotel and surrounding area was also very impressive. Every Friday there is a 'brunch' on the back terrace - all you can eat and drink, with an excellent live band, and great views. We didn't know about it til it was too late but we could see and hear it from the pool area - it went on for hours and looked very swish.The pool area was vast, immaculate and very attractive. The pool attendants the best we've ever come across - absolutely no trouble ever getting a sunbed at any time of day.The beach was well laid out, rustic umbrellas and some 4 poster beds with curtains but we found it a bit ugly (not sure if that's the right word, I wonder if other holidaymakers know what I mean), and the sea is very rough, like the Cornwall surfing beaches. We don't normally go in for the pool scene on holidays, prefering the anonymity of the beach but in this case we much preferred the pool area.If you want to go anywhere you just ask your Butler to get you a golf buggy or boat to take you about.Tip - if like us you're only there for a few days, get a buggy to give you a tour of the whole area when you first arrive so you can orientate yourselves - it's a lot to take in.The staff fall over themselves to be polite and helpful, they really treat you like royalty.We couldn't wipe the smiles off our faces the whole time we were there, everything just felt so good.Something worth mentioning on a practical note - we expected the weather to be very hot but it was more like an English summer - whilst always sunny it was fresh first thing and cool at night. As we'd been in the Maldives where you wear practically nothing 24/7 we hadn't a cardigan or sweatshirt in our packing and were cold when we went out at night. Even inside the venues all had the air con on freezing.Also, the sockets were all english 3 pin so no need for adaptors, and the bathrooms had virtually everything including toothbrushes and paste.You must speak to Jim at Maldives Direct if you are looking to do this type of holiday. He is a fountain of knowledge, friendly and attentive, and accurately summed our needs up perfectly to put together the right package.We would definately go back, for a little longer next time.	
Mar 7 2009 	Amazing Holiday! Absolute Bliss!	Absolutely loved Madinate Jumeriah and if your going to Dubai this is definately the hotel complex to stay in!The complex has 5 different hotels - Mina Al Salam which is designed like a Wharf and surrounded by water, you then have Al Qasar which is where the main Pool is and the Breakfast Buffet and Dar Al Masyaf which are Villas with 6 apartments in each villa and also surrounded by water. Each villa has a private pool however we used the Pool at Mina or Al Qasar most days. The apartments are huge and beautifully decorated with a real arabian theme. Madinat has an arabian theme throughout the complex and even has a Souk which was nice to walk around in during the day when it got a bit hot sometimes. Stock up on sun cream before you go as the chemist in the Souk is very expensive for sun lotion and only really stock expensive brands like Lancome. You then have the other 2 hotels in the Jumeriah complex - The infamous Burj Al Arab which is designed in the shape of a sail and the Jumeriah Beach Hotel which is designed in the shape of a wave. Jumeriah Beach Hotel is mainly aimed at young familes and althought its a nice hotel, it has nothing on any of the madinate hotels. The Burj is very chintzy if you ask me, all gold everywhere and very over the top. To be honest i thought the Al Qasar was far more classy with its magnificent Chandilers around the reception area. The Sky View Bar in the Burj is quite dull to be honest, we went there once and they had a Jazz singer and although she was a good singer i think the bar just lacked any atmosphere.Just next ot the Burj you have the Wild Wadi Waterpark which is extremely busy with locals that are not used to seeing western women sporting bikini's...The local women all wear tsirts and shorts or dresses in the swiming pools which is hilarious they look like drowned rats! They dont really take kindley to western women either so you might want to take a not so see through sarong to cover youself up. Although the water park was complimentry we only went there twice as its not that big.There are golf buggies to take you around the resort and no matter where we were we never really waited more than 5mins for one but be warned! Dont start tipping the buggy boys otherwise you will be skint by the next day with all the tips your handing out! Oh and they hound you for a lift even if you want to take a walk because they know you give tips lol Cheeky sods! . The Abras (Water Taxi's) arent as frequent and only really go to Mina Al Salam, but its nice to take an Abra in the evening as Mina is where the majority of the restaurants are. Take advantage of the free drinks at happy hour! My partner ordered loads of drinks from our butler every evening whilst we got ready to go out. You get 2 bottles of water in your room each day but thats it and a litre bottle of evian around the pool is £5 a bottle so you might want to buy Water from a supermarket if you can be bothered. Cocktails are around £10 each around the pool and Beer about £5 for a small can. Food and drink is expensive but then you expect that in a top hotel! We had a huge breakfast at around 11am and never ate anything until Dinner as we ate so much at breakfast! lol The food was lovely i must say. Can reccomend the Chinese in Mina Al salam and the Bar in mina is brilliant for late night entertainement they had a singer in there every night and it was brilliant! lots of people up dancing and having a good time. Mj's and the meat &amp; co were nice too for Steak. We also went to buddha bar in the Grovsnor Hotel which is worth a visit! Probably around £10 in a taxi. You need to ask your butler to book the restaurants as they get booked up very quickly and you cant just walk in otherwise you'll be waiting forever. You get private car transferes too and from the hotel which is nice after such a long flight. The beach is stunning (look at our photos!!) there is even a joey bell attached to the parasole incase you want a drink or snacks. The staff come round often with complimentry ice lollys, fruit kebabs, Cucumber for your eyes if you please!! lol ice cold wet towels to cool you down and they even polish your sunglasses for you!! Pure Luxuary! Dont take any towels with you - the maids always gave us plenty of towels and you even get x3 towels on your sun lounger!! We went to the mall of emirates which was impressive but take no notice of people telling you Dubai is cheap because its a tax free country...thats rubbish, its allot more expensive than in England but they have much better sales than we do so if you go during the sales then you will get a bargain...my partner got a pair of Armani jeans for £60! Gucci Handbags are around £30/£40 more expensive than back home. The Ski slops in the mall look brillant and they also have a cinema and all films are in English. lots of cheap places to eat in the mall too. Again though, theses arabs are not used to western women...I am blonde and wore a summer dress which was not short at all nor revealing and i still had everyone starring at me which is quite unpleasent i must say. we went to the gold souk which is miles away and not worth going to unless you want to feel threatened and get followed around the place - rough is an understatement! ITs an absolute sh*thole! Excuse my french! I wouldnt trust the gold either! We went to another place where they sold all the moody gear, watches, handbags etc - but honestly its all aload of tat! Im used to buying real designer handbags and was told they have excellant copies in a shop called Green Eye...well no disrespect but the copies in all the shops are appalling to be frank. If you want a bargain go to the gold and diamond park near the mall of emirates a short ride away from the hotel and go into a shop called Caras. You will definately get a bargain here and the brothers Cieran and Anil are so friendly and helpful. My Partner bought me an engagement ring from this store after cunningly asking Cieran to check my ring size...he then proposed to me a couple of days later with the most stunning ring at night on Jumeriah Beach right outside the Burj whihc was all lit up! A Perfect ending to a brilliant night! And who says romance is dead eh? lolAll in all we absolutely loved Madinate Jumeriah and would go back 10 times over if we could afford to! We met some lovely people and were treated like royalty by every single member of staff that made our holiday extra special!If you can afford it, then go you lucky so and so and enjoy evey minute of it!	
Mar 1 2009 	Loved everything except for the food.	After 3 nights at Atlantis The Palm, we checked out on Day 5, and we got a taxi and left for Madinat Jumeirah, about 15 minutes, we arrived in the front of Al Qasr hotel.The entrance of this hotel was grand, and luxurious.Very different from Atlantis. The staff who assisted us out of the taxi, and our luggage welcomed us, and asked, &quot;How was Atlantis?&quot; I was puzzled for a second, then realized, the Atlantis baggage tags were stuck all over our luggage, that's how they knew where we just came from.We were bought to the Guest relations of Al Qasr, they gave us early check in. I reserved the Arabian Summerhouse Deluxe room in the Dar Al Masyaf. Luckily before I left, about 3 days prior our departure from HK, I got the Gold Life Promotion from MJ, and received a good promotion package. Early Check in was definitely a bonus with my two children.We were brought down to Level 1 (Lobby of Al Qasr is Level 3). Took the lift, and there is a golf buggy station that had buggies to take us to our Villa.We stayed in Villa 13, we were introduced into our room, BEAUTIFUL Arabic decor, elegant, and very different from Atlantis' ambience. The room was huge, bathroom was very very big as well. We were on the ground floor and has access by a glass door out to the private pool. The private pool has shallow water, but swimmable, with lots of lounge chairs, and shared by 3 villas, there is always a lifeguard on duty.The 24 hr butler service is wonderful and efficient. The butler on duty welcomed us into the room, explained to me all the info, the layout, the services, where everything is, coupon books, maps, and a very warm welcome. Kids were very excited about our new hotel, and the buggies. Then we got settled, and I took out some of the necessities, and then I received a call. From Room Reservations, they said there is a complimentary upgrade with the gold life promotion package, subject to availability. She offered us one category higher, upgrade, but I told her we were settled in our room, the room was fine, we're not moving again. I think if they had the sincerity of upgrading us, they should have offered it during our check in ! Not almost 2 hours later!We decided to go out, and have lunch. We had the option of taking the Arbras (boats in the waterways), or the golf buggy. Took the buggy because it would be faster. Went to the Souk Marketplace, but it is not an easy place to navigate, it was like a maze. For the next 4 days, even until the LAST day, we still found it very frustrating to be in the Souk.We had the afternoon tea booked at the Burj Al Arab at 3:00pm, so we decided to have a coffee and a donut at Starbucks instead of lunch, then we headed to the Burj Al Arab by a buggy at 2:30pm. At night, housekeeping opened the sofabed for my kids, the bed is VERY comfortable, with all the pillows they offer, we have an excellent sleep everynight. VERY clean too.We spent the next 4 days in Dar Al Masyaf, enjoyed the serene, and quiet surroundings. Private and peaceful indeed. One call to the butler about 3 minutes would quicken the wait. Arbras (the boats ) were pleasant. Taking the boat to the Souk is easier because you don't have to walk so far. Buggies can only bring you to the edge, and you have to walk into the Souk. Not long walk though.Beach was the most BEAUTIFUL one I have seen...... I have been to many places in the world, this beach was one that took my breath away. The first two days were very windy, but we still went everyday for the sun, the kids enjoyed playing in the sand, building sand castles, playing with the sand toys they provide for the kids, the lounge chairs, umbrellas were great. The beach was NEVER crowded, or noisy. I spent every morning lying in a beach lounge chair, facing the Burj Al Arab hotel, enjoying the sun, the sounds of the wonderful waves breaking towards the sandy beach, watching people jog by... didn't want to leave.The buggies can drop you anywhere you want in the Madinat Jumeirah resort, and the Jumeirah Beach Hotel next door, AND the Burj Al Arab.The boats can only go to Mina A Salam, Al Qasr, and the edge of Souk.The hotel staff were great, but not as friendly as Atlantis. I think the resort is too big for the friendly service we got from Atlantis in comparison, MJ's attitudes pales against Atlantis.Our butler was the only one who knew us over the few days better, so maybe that's the only one we felt were really good. The attitudes of MJ 's staff also showed one big &quot;difference&quot;.... they expected tips. from buggies, to bellman, to waiters...etc. Atlantis, we didn't have that feeling.We took over 10 times a day for the buggies and boats, we didn't consider tipping EACH time! I only tipped the ones who I recognized when I checked out..... ONE HUGE disappointment in MJ..... we didn't like ANY of the foods/restaurants. The foods in the three buffets breakfasts were terrible. The one near the beach (VERY bad food and service), Aborteum in Al Qasr (lower lobby).... my husband got food poisoning from the salad, he still is having diarrhea after 2 days.... on medication right now. And Mina A Salam's Al Muna, OK food. If the breakfast wasn't included in our room stay package, I would definitely SKIP it.Compared to Atlantis, food was like 5/10 vs in Atlantis, 8/10....We ate in the Souk a few times ..... ok also.The ambience, and the luxurious feeling of MJ resort is impeccable, comparable to that of what I have experienced in Banyan Tree Resorts. VERY clean in housekeeping, and in all the public areas around the hotel, beach is spotless... compared to Atlantis, housekeeping needs still more training. Amenities of MJ is also higher in quality than Atlantis' own brand Floris. Went to JBH last day, am I glad we didn't stay there, the moment we passed the security (you have to show your room key to access different areas around MJ and the whole Jumeirah property)..... it was like a ZOO in JBH. The beach was SO crowded, people in lounge chairs can touch each other by reaching over next chair. There were SO many people running around, TONS of children, very crowded area near the beach, and one area has all the boats in the marina.... wouldn't want to be swimming in that part of the beach either.The interior of JBH was VERY similar to the interior of Burj Al Arab ! decor, ambience, colours...similar.Didn't bother go to Wild Waldi as Aquaventure looks much newer, and the Leap of Faith was much scarier than the one in WW.We checked out on Feb 6, received late check out at 2pm, (not without a fight though), free airport transfer included in the promotion was great. The driver took us to the airport by Lincoln Navigator, luxurious car. offered us drinks, cold towel in the car..... their transfers costs $ 425 AED if had to pay.Overall, our stay in DAM was great, but had its advantages and disadvantages. One was that the property is TOO big, and the signage is terrible, and one would find it quite hard to navigate as everything is sort of HIDDEN from your eyes. Staying in Mina A Salam or Al Qasr would save you time from the buggies or the boats, but if you enjoy the serene, privacy, and quietness of the villas, I think DAM is a great choice. Much more romantic, and with kids, also you can have more space, and we never saw the other guests in the villa during out entire stay, NOT ONCE. (though it was fully occupied, all 9 rooms)We are happy and glad we stayed in two different hotels to compare, would we return to MJ, definitely!!!	
Feb 26 2009	Perfect	We stayed in DAM in July &amp; November last year. All I can say is it is utterly perfect, from arrival to departure. I would recommend the resort for all people. Dubai can be anything you want it to be from a busy holiday to a relaxing holiday. And this resort offers everything you could possibly want, our favourite evenings were spent in the Souk, eating at the Lebanese cafe. Can not fault the service in any area, especially the gents on the Abra's lovely &amp; friendly. Talise Spa, though a bit high in price, is heaven, we left feeling soo chilled out and refreshed. We are looking forward to returing again this June with friends. So if your planning a holiday here, I'm sure you will enjoy everyminute of it. The only fault for me was having to leave!!!	
Feb 24 2009 	Blissful - Stunning Hotel	Spent a very blissful weekend at Dar Al Masyaf at the end of a business trip &amp; what a delightful way to unwind this turned out to be. We stayed in one of the Arabian Deluxe rooms in a 'summerhouse', overlooking the man-made canal with a view of the Burj al Arab. The room was charming, with lots of local arabic touches - in the seating, the light fixtures, the bathroom tiles &amp; the 'rustic' furniture. The summerhouse had a butler to take care of the 8 or so rooms in the house. Each of the butlers we met was extremely helpful and diligent in attending to our needs - believe me I could get so used to that! Within the Madinat resort, abras &amp; golf-carts transported guests &amp; luggage between the main hotel, the individual rooms, the beaches, restaurants &amp; the souk. It was noticeable that the staff smiled at one another as well as at the guests and generally seemed very engaged in their work. There are a large number of restaurants, bars &amp; coffee spots within the Madinat complex, as well as a wonderful spa, hairdresser &amp; nail bar. Souvenir hunters were also well catered for, with rugs, furninishings, gold &amp; art all available, however you do pay a premium for the convenience of not leaving the hotel. All in all this was an unforgettable experience and one time when I could truly say I was sorry to be going home	
Feb 22 2009 	Could not wish for a better stay!	Family of three with a 9-year old; stayed 18th to 21st Feb; booked with South Travel &amp; Tourism (a UAE-based agent). We planned to stay for the last three days of our Dubai trip at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, however at the time of booking, about three weeks before we travelled, were advised that the JBH was booked out and offered Mina A Salam at the same rate instead. On arrival at Mina, were told that we had been upgraded to Dar Al Masyaf (DAM) Gulf Summer House # 5. I hadn’t done any research on DAM and was a bit apprehensive as thought it would be far from all the action (Wild Wadi for us as it was the main purpose of our stay at the Jumeirah Beach). I needn’t have worried. Your butler will call a buggy or an abra and you will be delivered anywhere within the complex in no time. We were whisked off to our villa on an abra, had a check-in with our butler and were shown to our room (#511) at around 2 p.m. The reception area at the villa which spans two levels is very atmospheric: the attention to detail in all the décor is incredible, the Oriental scent, the soft ambient music playing create a very romantic atmosphere reminiscent of old Arabia. This is where they serve complimentary drinks and snacks (nuts, olives) between 6pm and 8pm every night – take advantage of it! Villa #5 was steps away from the beach where you could always find free beds made up by the beach staff. It is also near the Al Qasr pool and close to the pool bar where you can have breakfast. The room was beautiful, very spacious, spotlessly clean and extremely well equipped. Large flat-screen LG telly, DVD player, two types of bathrobes, lots of pillows and cushions, the sofa can be made into a bed which could accommodate two kids, large terrace with chairs and a table. Lots of gorgeous Arabian style solid wood furniture. The bathroom however totally overwhelmed me – so big, so luxurious. Fantastic walk-in shower – water pressure excellent – can probably accommodate four at once! The gorgeous smelling toiletries are very good: shampoo, conditioner, bath gel, body lotion for men and for women, bath bombs, loofahs, incense are provided. There is a kettle and a Bodum coffee maker in the room and lots of teas and good ground coffee. Two water battles are left by the maid when the room is cleaned and in the evening. They leave little gifts in the evening: hand lotion, Jumeirah arm bands and jogging trail maps, etc. You wouldn’t want to leave the room, it’s fantastic!We had breakfast at three different restaurants: Al Hambra (by the Al Qasr pool), Arboretum at Al Qasr and Al Muna at Mina A Salam. The quality was very good, the choice was better at the Arboretum and Al Muna we thought, we liked the setting/views at Al Muna the best (very near the water edge). We also used kids club facilities at Al Qasr twice: for henna painting (free) and t-shirt painting (15 AED per t-shirt). The kids’ club has activities throughout the day for three age groups (under 7s, 7-12, and 12+) and they have a schedule which is displayed in the club. Every night you get a brief newsletter in your room which gives you a sample of activities scheduled for the next day. The waterpark facilities for younger children looked great: shaded, with water swings and a wide slide, with the ubiquitous lifeguard and loungers for the parents. There is a shuttle to the Mall of the Emirates and Gold and Diamond Park every hour leaving from Al Qasr lobby which we used once. It was convenient.A taxi ride to Dubai Marina, a great place to have a reasonably prices meal and people watch, was about 14 AED. Taxi to the airport from Al Qasr at 10pm was just under 50 AED.If your flight is late in the day (ours was at 2:35 next day), they will store your bags (which you can access throughout the day) and let you use all the facilities including Wild Wadi. You can also use the fitness center if you need showers or just to sit and relax.Really have nothing negative to say about the hotel as our stay was absolutely fantastic: impeccable service, an all round great experience. We did not get the impression that the staff were looking for tips as was mentioned in one of the earlier reviews, but they were very appreciative when tipped. The hotel is of course expensive, and to contain the costs, it is better to eat outside: in the souk, Dubai Marina or even the malls. We found that even with the discount coupons given on arrival, eating in the resort was by far more expensive then elsewhere.Overall, we had a fabulous experience at DAM and if we are to return to Dubai, this is the only place where we would be looking to stay.	
Feb 17 2009 	Doesn't have to break the bank!	My wife and I stayed at DAM 6th - 13th Feb 2009 and had the most fantastic holiday with our two young kids 2 and 3 years old.We initially booked into Mina A Salam through a UK website at reasonable cost, and read a lot of reviews on this site to give us an idea of what to expect, and having read a lot about how expensive it can be, thought I'd tell you how you can have an amazing time without breaking the bank.On arrival, we were upgraded to Dar Al Masyaf to villa 14, and we told about Happy hour 6 to 8pm, and that all children under 4 got complementary food and drink. We had access to the fantastic pool at Al Qsar, as well as the smaller pool at Mina, and free access to Wild Wadi, as well as Jumeirah Beach Hotel.Contrary to some reviews, we found we could have a great holiday with the kids without spending too much. On arrival we were given a book of discount vouchers for restaurants and bars which we used, typically 25% or 30% off total food and drink bill - don't forget, all kids food and drinks we free.Breakfast was included and in the main good, buffet style at either MAS, AQ or by the pool, all very similar, good choice, so we made sure we had a hearty meal in the morning - open till 11am so we tended to eat 10.30ish. As well as the usual large choice of cereals, bacon,egg, sausage, omlette of choice, breads etc, there was often fish, grilled salmon or sea bass, dim sum, lots of hams, pickles, humous etc so plenty to not get bored over a week.By lunch time, we weren't overly hungry and tended to order the kids toasties, burgers, chips etc, which always came with bread, and as we weren't paying, tended just to order a salad and a drink between my wife and I, so cost £10 - £15 each lunchtime in one of the many pool bars.Happy hour 6 - 8, like other reviewers, take advantage! We usually had 45 minutes to an hour, chatted to other guests, and had a few G&amp;Ts, glasses of wine (very good quality), or a few beers, whatever took our fancy. So then going out for dinner 7.30 ish, again kids free, we ordered for ourselves and usually had one drink each. Great choice, Noodle Bar and Pizza place, £10 to £15 per head. Shimmers Beach / Al Muna / Steakhouse, etc probably £80 to £100 for the two of us, but invariably we used a 25% discount voucher so taking into consideration the free drinks first, the free kids food, worked out very reasonable, £60-£70 for a night out for four of us, costs more in UK!We were advised to take our own alcholol from travel agent, and buy at Dubai airport duty free - which proved excellent advice. We put a coupe of bottles in suitcase to make G&amp;Ts, JD Coke etc, and I bought a couple of 6-packs of lager at Dubai Duty free, so after dinner and putting kids down, we sat out on balcony having a drink, watching sunset, playing cards, AND had quite a few tipples at no more cost - the mini bar is expensive, so if you only take one piece of advice, bring your own.Obviously this tactic will not work for families with older children, if you're eating out, drinking out etc, you will end up spending maybe £1,000 more than us, but as proved, for young families, assuming you don't want to get babysitters and go out late, you can get through the week spending literally hundreds rather than thousands of pounds.With the beautiful pools, the abra boats, the sinbads kids club, the wild wadi waterpark, a trip to top of Burj (again free as part of same group and they run you round in a golf buggy), there's plenty to do at this fantastic resort for a week, we wish we were staying longer. Staff were all wonderful, so polite and at your service so quickly, eg they brought warm milk up first thing and last thing for our youngest within minutes of our room service call.The DAM rooms are beautiful, the beds and pillows are so comfortable, it's such fun getting abras everywhere, although it does make you lazy, we decided to walk home from the other side of the resort a few times, and had lovely walks along beach path watching the sunset.Hope you find this useful, we've just had the best family holiday ever. Weather in Feb is great, mid 20s so plenty warm enough, and pools are heated (needlessly in my opinion, but prob best for little ones). I could go on and on........	
Feb 12 2009 	Fabulous Dar Al Masyaf	I stayed here with my wife for 3 nights on the way back from Thailand.This hotel is stunning. The staff are very nice, polite and courteous.We stayed in Villa 4 and again the staff looking after us are to be congratulated for excellent service.If you are fortunate to stay at the hotel and in the villa's dont forget to take advantage of the free courtyard drinks between 6pm and 8pm nightly.I could carry on with superlatives but i dont really need to.The hotel is one of THE best and the beds are undoubtedly THE best!Fantastic!	
Jan 26 2009 	Dar al Masyaf Simply Beautiful	Having reviewed all three of the accomadaition options at Madinat Jumeirah, me and my partner initially had booked a room at Mina Salaam. However, upon arrival we were notified that the room was unavailaible. I was slightly dissapointed as we had our heart set on Mina Salaam. But this initial dissapointment had soon turned into joy when the receptionist had offered to upgrade us a villa at Dar Al Masyaf. We were soon whisked off on a Abra (Water Taxi) soaking up the beautiful sights the complex had to offer. When we arrived at our villa (no. 15) we were greeted by a butler and shown to our rooms. The room was basked with rich Arabian decor (golds and dark browns) which was bubbling with an aromatic, refeshing Arabian scent. The bed was large and inviting with a wonderfull array of pillows. The bathroom was spotlessly clean, and the walk in shower was one of the best i have ever experienced. we could not have asked for more. Briefly summing it up.The Villas were perfectly located. isolated from theMain Hotels Al Qasr and Mina Salaam, but being a stones throw away. it boasted its own reasonably sized private pool, which was always watched over by a lifegaurd. The breakfast selection was vast and incredibly yummy at all 4 breakfast locations.Dining options were endless, of high quality but can be extortionatly priced. MJ's Steak House was soo Good we went twice!! Shimmers is also a nice beach reastauraunt we happened to stumble across one evening when we went for stroll on the private beach. There are so many other dining options availaible which means it will cater for everyones tastes.The service was supreme.The whole place was spotlessly clean and well maintained. The whole complex it is located in Madinat Jumeirah is just stunningI could write pages and pages about how excellent this hotel was... But i would rather you go find out for yourself. Will i go back if i ever get the chance? you bet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Jan 26 2009 	Great but BEWARE:Very very expensive	Having stayed at the DAM in 2006, we returned with our toddler this time for a very enjoyable stay. Yet again, great staff, fabuolus resort - whilst part of the huge Madinat/Jumeirah region, the DAM always feels far more quiet and exclusive, and right on the beach if yours is a gulf Villa: wouldn't want to be so far back in an Arabian one, as so much less convenient if you leave something in your room that you need to go and get!! We did raise a few eyebrows when brought a travel cot for the baby to sleep in... at £400 a night, it's a bit of a cheek - they soon returned with a proper size, wooden cot.As previously, everything was great, food etc.... HOWEVER, and it's a big one.... The prices were a shocker!! Obviously our appalling exchange rates to the £ affect our currency everywhere, but the prices at the hotel have really gone up. So much so that we made a concerted effort to spend very little while we were there - which was a pity. The value for money was diabolical for all drink, and some food. Around the pool, it worked out at £10 for a basic coffee and a diet coke - no matter what your disposable income, poor value is poor value, and this should not be tolerated or accepted. There were many Russians in the resort who happily paid £200+ for basic Moet &amp; Chandon (bottle after bottle), and we believe that this may be one of the reasons that prices have gone sky high in that they don't seem to notice/mind, but we were more than aware that we were being ripped off, and it's not a good feeling. A great shame. We certainly made the most of the 6-8pm drinks and would urge everyone else to!! The Almuna buffet in the Mina was great, and reasonable value c£100 for 3 with one glass of wine each, and Toscana the pizzeria was very good and prob the cheapest, but busy &amp; you can't book. We shall return, but only if the prices sort themselves out.	
Jan 25 2009 	Marvelous at Masyaf!	Spectacular hotel, totally enjoyed its splendor, everything about it from the wonderful friendly staff to its location on the gulf, to all the conveniences, We stayed in one of the rooms on the ground floor which led out to our terrace close to the pool/restaraunt/beach and beside one of the canal docks, truly romantic; had use of all the facilities in the 3 hotels (such as the gym in the Mina Salam). The staff couldn't do enough for us and we met some wonderful people each evening as we sat in the courtyard having a drink prior to dinner,This was our first visit to Dubai and that hotel and won't be the last!Not the cheapest but highly recommended	
Jan 18 2009 	The best Resort	We stayed in Dar Al Masyaf for 5 days. The staff was always friendly and helpfull. The room was a dream. We had booked a summer house directly at the beach. The bathroom with the walk in closet was wonderfull. The butler in the summer house was the Reception and Concierge all in one. We booked Restaurants and sightseeing tours with them. They did there best to make our vacation to an amazing experience. The Restaurant selection is impresive. We were able to choose from around 35 Restaurants and Bars. Our favorite Restaurant was Al Hambra. For an after drink we would recommand the Koubba Bar. Beautifull view to the Burj Al Arab and delicious Mojitos. Everyone was friendly and the food was delicious. Also the other hotel Al Qasr was amazing beautifull. The design of the resort is an arabian dream. Nice beach, perfect service and a high quality of food and drinks.	
Jan 17 2009 	The best hotel in Dubai by far!	We stayed here for 6 nights as part of our honeymoon in July 2008. Even though it was above 50 degrees celsius each day, this hotel totally made it bearable! The massive pool was amazing, as was the pool bar. The hotel souk was fantastic - so many restaurants (I think the hotel has 56 in total) and some great shops.It was great traveling around the hotel by golf buggy or boat - always a fun thing to do! The staff were lovely and there was always a different part of the hotel to explore due to its sheer size. You could never venture out of the hotel and still have so much to do.The spa was amazing, definitely worth booking a massage or facial.Now on to the room - our private villa had an amazing private pool, an our butler was lovely - made sure he booked all our tours and restaurant reservations. The complimentary afternoon drinks served by your butler was also a lovely touch. The room itself was so huge and full of all the necessary amenities - including huge shower and separate bathtub.Free entry into the Wild Wadi Water Park was fun - especially as you get driven there in a golf buggy. The beach was lovely as well - a little hot but well worth it. We also had dinner on the top floor (observation deck restaurant) of the Burj al Arab hotel - the food was ok, probably not worth the inflated prices, but a definite must if you are traveling to Dubai, just so you can say you experienced the only 7 star hotel in the world (or so they say).Also have to mention that the desert safari and ski Dubai are also must-do's in Dubai - a little cheesy but where else can you experience these types of things?To sum up - if you are traveling to Dubai, don't waste your time looking at other hotels, this is the one - it's over the top and extremely luxurious, and therefore totally Dubai!	
Jan 4 2009 	New Year in Paradise	Its is a return visit to this beautiful resort and we choose for New Year a quite Dar al Masyaf Villa 15. This one is a little of the beach action with a private pool and Pai Thia restaurant right next to you. We skipped the galadinner and selected Shimmers beach restaurant to celebrate 2009 smart casual right on the beach. It was fantastic and a time to remember.	
Dec 29 2008 	Just what we wanted	My husband and I stayed at the Dar al Masyaf on our first visit to Dubai, and we were very pleased with our choice. Our stay was only for a few days stopover on the way to the Maldives, though it was a lovely start to our holiday.We don't usually opt for the 'big' resorts, though seeing as we were going to Dubai, we thought that this was going to be difficult to avoid! We booked an Arabian suite at the Dar al Masyaf, and were upgraded to a Ocean suite - the rooms are lovely, with fab bathrooms and a great view of the Burj.The staff were superb, both friendly and helpful, so we couldn't have asked for anything more. I'm not sure we would want to stay in such a large sprawling resort for a longer holiday, but as a stopover for a few days, it was perfect.	
Dec 21 2008	Simply the best	We spent 6 nights at DAM, my brother's family &amp; mine.The whole experience is world class. Arrival at Hotel, chilled watermelon juice, cold towels, golf buggy to villa, butler greeting &amp; the villas. WOW. We were offered an upgrade of 500AED (approx £100) per night to ocean inter connecting villas/suites. Perfect for our two families to close the outside door &amp; let the kids go between our rooms. Bathrooms are as big as the bedrooms.Water taxis &amp; golf buggies are great fun way to get to restaurants (booked with a smile by the butlers) &amp; the vast facilities offered by this complex. Butler arranged buggy to Wild Wadi, free admission &amp; entrance via JB Hotel.Restaurants - MJs (try the Chateaubiand) Thai, Morrocan, Spanish Tapas &amp; Noodle Bar all fantastic but the weak pound means the bill leaves a bitter taste. Wine is extortionate, so take advantage of the free drinks 6-8pm at your Villa Reception, then sip slowly at dinner. If you want a luxury break, with fantastic service &amp; food, The DAM is simply the best, even better IMO than Le Royal Meridien where we have stayed twice before. We all really look forward to going back, the experience makes you feel really special.	
Nov 28 2008 	3rd time back to this fab location!!	We returned back to these gorgeous villas September 2008 for our third visit back, and again was not disappointed in the slightest.Our room this year was the best ever, an upstairs villa with waterways balcony that had a fantastic view of the Burj- Its so peaceful to have a waterways balcony where you can just chill out in the sun!the Staff again were excellent and very helpful when we were asking about booking reservations, they were able to print us out menus on request which was very helpfulOur room was always cleaned to excellent standards and the staff didn't hesitate in getting us extra towels and face clothes etc when we asked.The only small problem we had was with breakfast one morning when we decided to order it to our room,It took a bit of time to come and a few things that we asked for were missing so I had to ring up to ask for them again.However, they did still come and we actually got a plate of chocolates that evening to apologise for the delay! which was really nice.This place is still our favourite and I don't think that will ever change.Its just so nice to be a relaxing and luxurious hotel where you get spoiled by the staff, coming round with cold towels, cleaning your sunglasses on the beach and coming round with fruit.As we stayed in September this year, Ramadan was on during on stay, which to be honest didn't make much difference to us. We didn't really have to do anything differently, maybe just putting our drink in our bags when walking around the mall but that was about it!Obviously you couldn't have alcoholic drinks on the beach during daytime hours but the free bar in our villa during 6-PM definitely made up for that!.. the staff aren't shy at all with the drinks and its kinda unlimited flowing spirits and wine so definitely make the most it !!We went to some great restaurants such as Mj's within the Al Qasr, and the food was great we were celebrating my parents wedding anniversary and asked if the restaurant could do something special for them, and at the end of the meal the waiters came out with a gorgeous little cake and candle and a 'Happy Anniversary' chocolate plaque. It was lovely and the atmosphere in there was great with again really helpful staff- couldn't fault it at all!On the end of our stay, we decided to book a taxi from the hotel concierge to take us to the airport the following morning.Again Check out was fine and all our luggage was transferred for us. However when waiting for the taxi we were getting a bit concerned for time, we checked with the concierge and they unfortunately had no trace of the booking which was disappointing, but the look on our face must have said it all and we were offered a free lift in one of the hotel cars to the airportwhich we definitely weren't gonna refuse!!.... it was a relaxing ride again to the airport and we were sad to be leaving again!Hopefully we will be back to stay again in a year or so- cant wait already!!!	
Oct 31 2008 	best hotel we have ever stayed in	we love dubai!!!!! this was our honeymoon and our first trip to dubai and the dar al masyaf. the check in was exceptional there were people waiting to open the car door and insure our luggage was waiting at our room for when we arrived.This hotel is part of the jumeriah complex in dubai consisting of jumeriah beach, the burj, al qasr and mina a salam all these hotels are 5 star and the beach is out of this world.Would recommend dar al masyaf for the privacy and luxury and your own personal butler,as the dar al masyaf are mini villas where as the others are hotels. We stayed bed and breakfast the rooms were super spacious especially the bathroom and cleaned twice a day.we loved the fact we could get up in a morning and get a little gondola to breakfast or a buggy the breakfast was very nice with a wide range of food and the service was very good.The service from the butler was first class if you needed any advice or to book reservations for restaurants they would only be too happy to help.You also get free drinks between 6 and 8pm where there is a big selection of drinks ranging from moet champagne to all named spirits and lagers.food in dubai is out of this world and in the whole two weeks we didnt have one bad meal. The restaurants in the complex are amazing you must visit zheng he (chinese) the meat company (there steaks are delicious), trader vics (all sorts) very reasonable price, tjs steakhouse (very expensive and the steaks are just as nice at the meat company, also phang thai overlooking the water. For nice meals out we went to verre by gordon ramsay which was delicious and the noble house which is a must for any chinese lover although for 2 it was about £200.00 with drinks worth every penny though you get like a 7 course meal i can honestly say i have never had a chinese like it in my life.Overall dubai is a fantastic vibrant city which is booming the dar al masyaf i would recommend to anybody going to dubai its a place you cant explain how good it is till you actually go and witness it bad reviews for this i cant understand the service the hotel the pool the wild wadi the food in the hotel and around dubai second to none. we will definately be coming back for years to come and cant say enough good things about the placeWISH WE COULD AFFORD TO LIVE HERE THEN WE WOULD BE LIVING THE DREAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	
Oct 15 2008 	Perfect in nearly every way!	This was our fourth visit to Dubai but our first stay at the Dar Al Masyaf. I have little to add to the previous comments, other than to say the Hotel is truly wonderful, very relaxing, with a wonderful laid back atmosphere and truly lived up to, and exceeded our expectations. All the staff were very friendly, helpful and it appeared, very happy to be working at the DAM. The design of the hotel is amazing, incredibly well maintained and beautifully lit at night. Rooms are very large and comfortable with beds and linens that put Westin’s heavenly beds to shame. Happy hour free drinks are a great way to meet other guests and the butler service is like having a personal concierge who will arrange restaurant bookings etc. Very small points are there is not a lot of drawer storage space, no shaving mirrors in the bathroom, and bedside lights that you cannot really read by, and prices are on the high side (£6 for a bottle of water) but these are all very minor. Very good wide breakfast selection, although it never varied so it became a little repetitive. Getting around the resort can be a pain, especially in the heat, but if you plan and ring ahead for buggies and abras it reduces the amount of waiting around you have to do, otherwise 20-minute waits for them at peak times wasn’t uncommon. With 42 restaurants within the complex, it appeared that many guests never left the hotel but it is worth making the effort to explore beyond the Madinet as there are is huge range of restaurants and bars with much better prices in Dubai.	
Oct 13 2008 	ticked all the boxes but still left me dissapointed	Having spent alot of time reading reviews to choose the hotel for my 5 day stay in Dubai , I was really excited by my choice. On paper Dar al Masyaf ticks all the boxes. Firstly the good news.This is a lovely part of the hotel complex at Jumerai beach. My wife and I chose a room in an Arabian Villa(number 23).The room was both large and very well appointed with a huge comfortable bed. The bathroom was nearly the size of the room itself and nicely decorated. The public rooms of the hotel were also light and airy which helped with the feeling of comfort and quality. We found staff at the hotel,without exception to be friendly and helpful with the &quot;butler&quot; service at our villa being an added bonus when trying to book restaurants etc.  The beach was pristine and the various loungers and beds made for a lovely enviroment to while away the days whilst every so often being offered cold towels or ice lollies to help keep the 37c tempretures at bay. Dar Al Masyaf is part of a very big complex on which there are a number of bars and restaurants.In fact I got the feeling that if we had been there for 3 weeks we could have eaten in somewhere new every day.There is no doubt this is a 5 star hotel but there are a few things which still dissapointed. Whilst food in the restaurants we tried, was generally very good.The menu offered around the beach and pool area was somewhat dissapointing being made up of burgers and club sandwichs, the sort of fair found at any country club or golf course on a sunday afternoon. We had chosen to pay for half board.This was a mistake. Our allowance was 180 dh per day.Just about enough for a regular main course with nothing to spare.Infact we had a substantial bill to pay after every meal. Alchol was off the chart in terms of cost. Virtually impossible to get a bottle of wine for less than £50 and that just for plonk. Anything beyond that and £100 per bottle was the norm.  The other general problem I had with the entire hotel was a lack of character. Infact the whole place could have been an Arbian themed hotel in the middle of disney park in the US and would probably have felt more authentic.  My wife and I were looking for autumn sun and a place to relax in comfort. At Dar Al Masyaf we got exactly that so as I said it ticked our boxes. I guess I just hoped for something a little more authentic.......	
Oct 12 2008 	Lovely- luxury	Stayed here in a villa in May and would definitely go back again. Room lovely, clean, huge bed. Serviced well - we loved comng back to see what animal the maid had created out of a towel on our bed!Only downside - joined the points card programme and have heard nothing since.Would imagine this would be a great safe environment for children. Private pool has 2 staff to look after guests and we were impressed by the service. Do take advantage of the free bar - Moet was lovely and is hugely expensive elsewhere. will definitely be back.	
Oct 5 2008 	Complete and utter Luxury....	Upon entering the hotel it took my breath away...we had entered a complete and utter world of luxury. From the check in to slippers in the room the finest of details were taken care of.Having travelled from the UK to Malaysia and then Malaysia to Dubai we arrived at 4am in the morning and had requested a early check in. However, upon arriving at the hotel we were told that no rooms were currently free. This left us feeling a little annoyed as we were very tired and had called from the UK before going to request a early check in. However, the hotel staff were friendly and very accomadating and transferred us to a relaxation room that they had within the hotel. This room had reclining chairs, duvets and pillows for guests to relax to dimmed lights whilst they were waiting for there rooms, along with this they provided refreshments and water throughout.Having gained access to our room at 10am - 6hrs after arriving we were told that due to the mistake within the room issue we had been upgraded to the executive deluxe arabian summerhouse. When told this we did not know what to expect when we got there and boy was it worth the wait.Leaving by golf buggy we were driven to our butler who met us upon arrival at our summerhouse, he showed us the ropes throughout the hotel and explained that from 6-8 in the evening the summerhouse guests were given complimentary drinks and snacks. After which we were taken to our room.Upon arrival at the room I can honestly say that I have never ever seen anything so amazing in my life of travel. Having entered through the double door we were taken through to the lounge and dining room, then led through another double door to our walk in wardrobe and dressing area, a superking bed with a double shower and stand alone bath filled with rose petals and salts.The hotel room had three balconies with views to the private pool for guests only and the water running alongside with passing water taxis.If wanting to leave the hotel it required one bell to the concierge and within seconds a golf buggy would arrive or a water taxi. The pool area was brillant with friendly staff who brought complimentary ice creams around every hours. The food avaliale throughout the hotel was extensive there is defo something for everyone with its 42 restaurants. Even though the hotel is big throughout your stay you feel that you are the only one there which is brillant.The summerhouse was located near to the Sheikh of Dubai's holiday residence and a close proximity to Jumeriah Beach with its private access.All in all this is a once in a lifetime experience and having stayed at the Burj before and various other hotels I would go as far as saying this hotel is simply the best throughout Dubai.......	
Oct 3 2008 	Location .. good Facilities .. nice price .. too much serice ?!!!	Well, I booked my self and the family with kids in the Arabian Villas, airport pickup on time, but once we arrived, the checkin process was a nightmare, first I was told they didn't know I was coming ( daa.. how was I pickedip from airport ), then I was given a room that was not cleaned, then I was told I was givern the wrong room and I have to change,to add to my nightmare, my wife got really sick just after our arrival and we had to call for the in hotel doctor, the first point that was brought in the discussion was the price of treatment !!!in the mist of this situation for the second time, someone came and told me we have to change our room as they made a mistake giving me this room, I really gave it to them, and talked to the manager in charge, It was obvious that they were trying to help but they were not sincere, once the dust settled and my wife got better we started to enjoy, I started to look around for what is the problem in this resort, and it was obvious, the staff are not well trained, the level of service is really different from one person to another, there is an army of peaple but really few who know the service as we want it,Also I have used their Talise SPA, very pretentious, it looks like a spa you would enjoy, but it is not, untrained staff, very pricey even compared to europe prices. In summary, I will never come to this resort EVER, I will not Recommend it to Any one EVER, I will make sure every one I know doesnot Stay at this resort Ever.in case you want to know why ?Price too Much ( 800 USD is alot )Service (only 10r 2 out of 10 are good at service )I am sure in dubai you will find much better deals, and jummariah group, you need to change your selling line from stay different to stay at a different place :(	
Sep 29 2008 	Fantastic	Stayed at the Dar for one week in September and loved it.Was by far the best hotel ever stayed in. The villa was lovely and had a balcony over looking the waterways. Service was excellent ..you have your own private butler and all the staff were friendly. The beach was awesome the sea is lovely and warm and there are plenty of sunbeds. The main swimming pool was huge and there are lots of lifeguards.Went to the wild wadi water park which has some cool slides well worth a visit. Did the sundowner safari desert trip which was brilliant...what an experiance! There is so much choice and lots to do in Dubai would have liked to have stayed longer than a week. Will def be going back there and would recommend anyone thinking of going to just book...you wont be dissapointed. Dubai is an amazing place.	
Sep 24 2008 	Prepare to be spoilt!	I had read good things about this hotel, but i was not prepared for the amazing level of personal service, it was astounding and made us feel like superstars! Hotel is top class, and decor amazing and feels like you are in a foreign culture unlike some of the other chains in Dubai. There are arabic influences everywhere, and the rooms are sumptuous. Bathroom was gorgeous, with complimentary bathrobes, slippers, nightly turndown service and personal butler! We loved our time here, and would definitely return. The only thing to be aware of is that eatting anywhere in the hotel is astronomical (by aussie prices anyway), like $60 - $80 per main. Wine is very expensive also, but then we are spoiled here in Australia with great cheap wines! Breakfast buffet at $50 pp must be done at least once, it is the best I have seen! A very nice stopover enroute to Europe. We took the hotel limo from Abu Dhabi airport, cost $170 wasnt cheap but worth it for the convenience and superstar treatment!	
Sep 22 2008 	WOW WOW WOW	wow, what a place !!! we have stayed several times in dubai including the royal mirage ( twice ) hilton, palm tree court and spa but this place beats them all hands down for pure luxury.We stayed in villa 16 and found the butler service to be excellent as was the service throughout the hotel.We enjoyed eating at both the mina salam and the al qasr, although pricey the food was great. The drinks in the evening @ happy hour are great ( and free ) and we made some great friends talking with the other guests who were staying there.The day beds on the beach are also great ( especially when you go in september !! ) you could find plenty of shade.The only bad thing i can mention is the cost of water, @ £6 a bottle i feel they are taking the p**s especially when you need plenty in that heat, with alcohol you have a choice whether you want to drink it so thats fine but you do need plenty of water i find it irresponsible of them to charge that much..Rant over, just GO its amazing !!	
Sep 19 2008 	EXcellent	An excellent hotel and there's nothing I can say here that hasn't been said before.Stayed in Villa27 for a week from Sep 6th and loved every minute of it. Would go back in an instant!	
Sep 16 2008 	Just book it	Me and my girlfriend both 27 stayed at the DAM for 1 week at the beginign of September. We stayed in Villa 24 on the 1st floor, which i feel is the best floor to stay on and i would also ask for a room that looks over the waterways, just a better view than looking over the gardens which still are great.Lets make no mistake this is an awesome hotel with amazing service and facilities. I would reccommend this hotel to anyone. The free drinks in the villa from 7.30 to 8.30 served by your butler were a great way of meeting people within your villa. We had such a geat group of people staying in our villa we actually went for dinner on many occasions together. One night i think there was eight of us that went out and ate together. The rooms were very spacious with a very comfortble bed, bathroom was massive.The swimming pools and beach were very clean, no problems getting a sun bed. You really need to ignore the negative comments on this hotel as i had no reason to complain with anything during my 7 night stay. This was my first visit to dubai and i am already planning going back in March next year.If you are thinking of going just BOOK and go, you will not regret it.	
Sep 7 2008 	Unforgettable family vacation	This was one of the most unforgettable family vacations. Dar Almasyaf was recommended by a close friend and I took the deal from booking.com, then decided to try arablinkdubai.com and got even a better deal. They had the stay 7 and pay 5 deal during August 2008. We took 2 connected rooms in villa#6, one was facing the beach and the other was facing the canal. We were a total of 7 between adult and children.The rooms were very luxurious and accommodating. The staff were very nice except for one whom I asked the hotel management to be relocated away from my villa (and they did). The breakfast was included in the deal and it was great. We had the option to have our breakfast in 3 restaurants and twice in our rooms.Swimming pool was one of the largest I have experienced. Towels were available all the time. The beach was so clean and they even provide beach toys for the kids.We moved between the hotel facilities either using the buggies or the jandolas. They also have a very cool spa and a daily program for the guests with offers on many things like the spa offers and the kids programs and events.The souq (the market) was within the hotel territories and very accessible. We had may meals in the souq restaurants and cafes.We did not go out of the resort except for Mall of Emirates twice. The resort had many activities that would make you stay busy all day..!I would go back soon for sure…	
Aug 24 2008 	Opulence	Just returned from a 7 night stay in sizzling Dubai. This hotel is part of the Madinat Jumeirah complex which is made up of the Al Qasr hotel, Dar Al Mayasf and Mina A Salaam. Also within the resort is an internal connection to the Burj Al Arab, the Wild Wadi Water Park and the Jumeirah Beach hotel. All guests at Jumeirah's hotels get complimentary access to the wild wadi water park which provides endless hours of fun for the kids (of all ages). The weather was hot (43C during the day and 33C at night). We stayed in a deluxe Arabian courtyard room (which is a basic room). There are about 9 rooms in a villa; each villa has its own 24 hr private butler/concierge. The rooms are as you would expect - exceptionally high standard. There's even a pillow menu! Beds exceptionally comfortable. Bathroom provides just about everything - toothbrush, toothpaste, mouthwash and a towel for just about everything...There is a small pool attached to every few villas with a lifeguard on duty. To get around the resort you need to get on a buggy or catch one of the abra's (water taxis) - the concierge can organise this and often at non peak times the wait is only a few minutes. At peak times (eg breakfast) be prepared to wait for up to about 15 mins. Breakfast is a major event with just about everything you could want on offer. In the evening there are numerous restaurants to chose from in the resort - a dinner reservation through the concierge is advisable. The souk is linked into the resort and there are numerous shops and restaurants contained within. There is a shuttle bus every hour to the mall of the emirates. Taxis are cheap though unfortunately Dubai is not! Overall, highly recommendable hotel, full of extravagance and opulence. Meticulous attention to fine detail. The staff are all highly courteous, very obliging and extremely polite. Their command of the English language is very good. There are no connotations from the staff to tip them. Downsides: not cheap, food is expensive, although very exclusive to get around in the heat you are limited to the use of buggies to get around which can be a minor inconvenience	
Aug 24 2008 	Absolutely brilliant.	We've just returned from ten nights at this absolutely stunning resort .We've stayed at the vast majority of hotels on the Jumeirah and the Madinat Jumeirah is in a class of its own.We stayed at the Dar Al Masyaf in one of their Villa summer houses which had a private butler service. The staff are amazing and very professional. The other two hotels of this wonderful complex, the Mina A Salam and Al Qasr are stunning, absolutely beautiful. This is easily the best hotel complex we've ever stayed at.	
Aug 20 2008 	Amazing resort... Definitely worth it!!	For those who didn't visit Dar Al Masyaf or Madinat Jumerah before, here is an overview about the resort:The resort is comprised of three hotesl: 1) Dar Al Salam 2) Dar Al Qasr and 3) Dar Al Masyaf. The main lobby and the main swimming pool as well as all other facilities which are shared between the three hotels. To be fair about this hotel, I will comment about all major aspects in details:*Check- In:First class and pleasantly smooth check-in. I came to the hotel by taxi, then I was escorted to the main reception room. The lady had us seated, and then we were served Arabic Coffee and dates. I was then escorted to our Villa 19, then the Butler took charge. * Transportation:You move within the hotel in a buggy or a boat. walking isn't convenient specially during day time in the summer. Buggies and boats are available during day time but no so much during night time. * The Room:The room is spacious with nice and comfy bed, a balacony that over looks the river. A HUGE bathroom with separate shower. and a changing area. A complimentary dates/choclates are served upon arrival as well as a fruit basket is served everyday. The water is abundant and you can request as many bottles as you want, freely ! * Swimming pool:Every 3 villas share a swimming pool, and then there is the huge main swimming pool near the souq.* The Souq (Market):The souq (market) is near the swimming pool and kids club. It has many many restaurant and coffee shops (Costa, Starbucks, etc) as well as some retail and antique shops. If you fancy a classy night life then look no where else. The souq has many bars and clubs that open until early am. * Wild Wadi free entry:The rate I booked included free access to Wild Wadi for the whole stay.* Check Out:The only bit that was a little bit annoying is the check-out, you feel being rushed to check out on time. I asked if I could stay until 1:30 pm but told that it isn't possible since the hotel was very busy.Overall, if you fancy a nice getaway, sunny holiday, and a first class 5 star hotel, then look no further... Madinat Jumerah has it all.	
Aug 19 2008 	Excellent. Very top class.	The Jumeirah hotels have excellent service. Although we stayed in another hotel first before spending a few days at the DAM, the Jumeirah driver picked us up from the airport and feried us to the other hotel. Particularly when its your first time in another country, its nice to have someone waiting after you exit the plane who sees you through immigration and sorts out your baggage. They transported us to several places during our stay and the service was worth it. The rooms are like a villa-hotel, with a resident butler who arranges everything. Its like living in your own personal mansion actually. Our villa was right at the beach so you only had a ten second walk to a fantastic beach. As well as the buggies that transport you from place to place, the boats that do the same, and the huge range of facilities, the rooms (or suites as they actually were) were huge and fantastic. You could not ask for more. I would honestly say don't stay anywhere else in Dubai. The Al Qasr hotel is where you check in and its also very nice. They have a waiting lounge you can stay in before your room is ready and after check out if you aren't leaving for a few hours. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. It was quite hot in August but i expected that. The wild wadi next door was great. Whatever you do, avoid an attraction in town called Wonderland. Its horrific. Thumbs up to Jumeirah though.	
Aug 14 2008 	Always Amazing!	We have stayed at the Dar al Masyaf four times and we are going again in September.The hotel and staff are absolutely fabulous, very helpful and always smiling.The rooms are beautifully furnished and always immaculateFood across all the resteraunts is fantastic and really well priced for the standard.If you are staying there, I would definately recommend the Spa - treatments are wonderful.	
Aug 12 2008 	Perfect balance between big resort amenities and villa peace/seclusion	This was our second trip to Dubai (first trip last August) and our first trip staying at Dar Al Masyaf or any hotel in the Madinat Jumeirah Resort.The whole Madinat Jumeirah Resort is gorgeous. An ever so slight “Vegas” feeling (i.e. on such a grand scale and everything done to the max), but delivered with amazing class and attention to detail. No matter where you go in the resort, you are rewarded with a beautiful vista.The Madinat Resort consists of two sizeable hotels (Al Qasr and Mina A Salam) and the villas (Dar Al Masyaf) as well as the Royal Villas (Malakiya Villas). The hotels and villas are connected together by golf buggies and abras (little boats which run around the resort’s scenic waterways). As a guest at Dar Al Masyaf, you can use the facilities (pools, tennis and gym etc) and the restaurants (including for breakfast) at any of these hotels.The resort is also part of a larger collaboration with the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, the Burj Al Arab and Wild Wadi. One of the resort’s golf buggies will take you between any of these places and you can charge meals/purchases directly to your room. As a guest at the resort we were given complimentary access to Wild Wadi and allowed entrance an hour earlier than the general public – both of which were valuable.At Dar Al Masyaf, the rooms are arranged in villas (a small number of rooms – about 13 – are arranged around a central courtyard) and each villa has its own reception area and butler (to check you in/out, to make reservations, to call golf buggies and generally look after you). Complimentary drinks are served in the villa reception area between 6 and 8pm each evening.The villas and rooms require some getting used to – they are quite different to the modern, hi-tech styles of most 5* European/US hotel rooms. However, they are beautiful, peaceful, secluded and full or Arabic charm: photos do not do them justice. They felt like a very suitable choice of accommodation for a holiday in Dubai. The bathrooms are HUGE – almost as big as the bedroom. There was a large double-ended bath, a sizeable walk-in shower, a separate WC and a dressing area. The king-sized bed was very comfortable. Rooms included a DVD player and a safe. Each evening turndown service would leave a little gift (chocolate, lip balm or massage oil etc) and sometimes a towel animal. The only real down sides were that internet access was expensive – about £20 a day – and that there were no sockets near any of the mirrors (so difficult to straighten your hair).We were in Villa 1 and had an Ocean Deluxe in a Gulf Summer House. Great, light, quiet room with lovely view across to the beach. This villa was in an excellent location: right on the beach, very close to the Madinat Souk, fairly close to the Mina A Salam (great breakfast, very nice pool and for the Quay Leisure Centre), fairly close to the main Al Qasr pool (and a nice bar for lunch and another breakfast venue). If we wanted to go anywhere further a field, we would phone the butler to request a golf buggy and one would be waiting at the front door of the villa before we got there – very convenient.Staying at Dar Al Masyaf is a great combination of both worlds: you have very convenient access (and charging rights) to a huge amount of facilities and restaurants, but you can escape to your own peaceful, secluded retreat at your villa.	
Aug 9 2008 	Not worthy of 5 Stars nor the price tag!	This hotel is the worst I have ever stayed in! We arrived here 29/12/07 after a truly fab time in the Maldives only to find out our rooms were not ready (because a local Diplomat was late checking out!) We were offered a meal that night as compensation but when we tried to book, literally ALL the restaurants in The Madinat were full. So we were offered room service, which arrived after an hour's wait and the order was wrong by which time our 7 year old son had fallen asleep!Breakfast the next morning was like a &quot;bun fight&quot; with an unbelievable level of noise and chaos in the restaurant. The beach wasn't much better and full of Russian's.In our room the balcony light did not work, a lamp in the room had blown, we could not get all channels on the tv and many of the products were missing from the bathroom. We ofcourse complained and people scurried around but it was all just a bit too late. We hated the hotel so much that we departed Dubai early on 31/12/07.We have stayed at some truly amazing hotels and locations all over the world and were underwhelmed to say the least by the attempts of The Jumeriah Group.	
Aug 8 2008 	paradise	My daughter and myself stayed in a arabian de-luxe summer house. Our room was absolutely magnificent.There was a swimming pool to each summer house and each summer house consists of 10 rooms. Most days there was just the 2 of us at the pool. The service round the pool and room-service was fantastic.Towels round the pool were provided no matter how many you used this was nit a problem.The whole of the resort was paradise it was surrounded by waterways and no matter where you wanted to go your butler got you a golf buggy to take you or you waited a couple of minutes for an abra.The restaurants were expensive but well worth the money.There are 2 other hotels on the resort and also a souk.I will definately stay at this resort again.	
Jul 30 2008 	Amazing a dream on earth	Stayed at Dar Al Masyaf as part of summer promotion for a weekend and it is an experience not to be missed. Service levels in all touchpoints is out of this world and the facilities are the best- many pools, great room, lovely details (complimentary drinks at sunset), and best of all the sheer number of activities to try (f&amp;b outlets,....). Strongly recommend trying the restaurants- segreto, jambase and shoo fi ma fi are my favourite.	
Jul 25 2008 	Truly wonderful	My wife and I stayed at the DAM for a business conference. The Dar al Masyaf is just 1 of 3 hotels in the Jumeira Madinat complex. After speaking with other colleagues who were in more traditional hotel style rooms in the other two hotels in this Jumeira Madinat complex, we realised that we got the best option.Staying in the villas (we had villa 9) was really nice - especially on the ground floor. There are 12 apartments in each villa - 6 ground and 6 on the 1st floor. They encircle an open courtyard that contains a water feature and tables and chairs. This is really nice in the afternoon when they have &quot;happy hour&quot; - free drinks and nibblies between 6 and 7 pm hosted by your villa's personal butler/concierge. Not your standard drinks but quality champagne (Moet one afternoon), Jack Daniels, Johnny Walker Black, Vodka etc.Just outside is a private pool area that services 3 villas. Alternatively you can walk to, catch a golf buggy to or ride the ....... (gondola style boats that circulate all day on the canals) to the main pool area. This can get busy but getting a couple of sun lounges together is not really an issue. The pool is large and you will never feel crowded.There is SO MUCH choice for restaurants in the Jumeira Madinat complex. Primarily located in the Souk Madinat (a traditional style market area with lots of nooks and crannys - yes we got lost a few times). There are also some bars in which you can meet friends and have a drink. Breakfast in the restaurant at the pool is a perfect start to the day.Located right on the beach with sun lounges and water sport activities. This is the perfect option for parents with children in tow.Highly recommended and would definitely go back.	
Jul 24 2008 	Fantastic Stay	This is a fantastic hotel and Dar Al Masyaf is an excellent choice of hotel of the 3 at Madinat Jumeriah. These are beautiful villas, very spacious with a balcony and a private pool shared between a few villas.Particularly recommended for families with small children.Private butler and excellent staff make the stay very comfortable.	
Jul 4 2008 	A Truly Memorable Experience	This was our first family visit to Dubai, and thanks to the great reviews from the other Tripadvisor members decided to stay at the Dar Al Masyaf. Whilst it has been almost a year since our trip, the memories of the resort, the food and the friendly staff remain undiminished and prompted me to write this pending our next summer expedition. This is without doubt the best hotel we have experienced and we will certainly return to this resort in the future.After much searching, we eventually booked our room via Air Travel Corporation, and got a fantastic rate for a Gulf Summerhouse Ocean Deluxe, for 7 nights, including breakfast. We arrived on the afternoon of the 13th July 2007, and as we drove up to the main entrance our children excitedly pointed out the golden horse statutes and cathedral sized foyer. Our luggage was deftly removed from the taxi, we were greeted by the concierge , refreshed with dates and water, chilled face cloths, and with all formalities dealt with we were then guided to one of the electric buggies and driven to the complex of Summerhouses for our week long stay. As we descended the massive Arboretum staircase to the buggy station, we marvelled at the architecture, building finishes and attention to detail - you really do need to see the hotel to believe it! At the small Summerhouse complex we were greeted by two butlers, they provided us with information about the resort, the abras (water taxis), buggies, booking of restaurants, the children's club and other facilities on offer. We would like to say a particular thank you to Mr Dino Sinuto, ever helpful and ever attentive to all our needs! The butler service was really useful, giving us all sorts of tips for shopping, things to see and do in the resort and in the municipality.We stayed in Villa 21 (Room 60210), a first floor room overlooking the sea, to the right you could see the Burj Al Arab and to the left, in the very far distance, the construction works on Palm Island. The Summerhouse was close to the Sinbad's Children's Club, the main pool, the Khymat Al Bahar and a short trip to the Souk and waterside restaurants. The room was tastefully decorated, with a sofa bed for the children and a king sized bed with so many pillows! Opening the french doors there was a sizeable balcony area, with a dining table, chairs and sun lounger to watch the sunset, the Burj Al Arab at night and to listen to the sea. The bathroom had a large oval bath, magnificent wet room, twin wash basins and dressing area with a couple of wardrobes - the first time a family room has provided us with enough space to fully unpack. A bewildering array of shampoos, conditioners. body scrubs and lotions were provided.The children really enjoyed their stay at the hotel, they loved Sinbad's Children's Club, where they quickly made new friends and took part in all sorts of activities. Whilst we were initially apprehensive of leaving the children in the care of others, the staff really do provide close supervision of the pool areas and made every effort to involve the children in all play activities. It seemed to work, the children were upset whenever they could not go there. The children also loved the main pool, but most of all Wild Wadi Water Park, the free complimentary passes to this attraction were a real bonus. The water rides are great fun, from the sedate to the downright heart stopping - remember cross your legs on the water slide!The breakfast menu is on par with any hotel we have stayed at, we would certainly recommend the Khymat Al Bahar and for a change of scenery the Aboretum in the Al Qasr. We also had breakfast served on the balcony one morning, chilling out watching the waves and the world go by. At lunch time and at night you are spoilt for choice in terms of the style of cuisine that you might want to eat, but do remember some of the restaurants only serve children over the age of 12. Our general routine was to get ready for dinner around 7pm, allowing us to sit in the Summerhouse reception area and have some free drinks during &quot;happy hour&quot; and talk with the other guests and the staff. If the children are tired, and you want to party, or try out some of the finer restaurants the baby sitting service is reasonable and can be arranged through the butler with around a few hours notice.We loved the abras, and took rides around the resort during the day and at night following dinner. The photo opportunities are amazing, and hopefully will remind you to return. Similarly, a walk along the beach watching the surf break, against the back drop of the Burj Al Arab and even the Christmas tree lights of Palm Island as construction works progressed throughout the night will not be forgotten.Overall we had a truly memorable time, in some ways the resort was too good, and plans to go on a dune safari, dining on a Dhow simply fell by the wayside. I did not even get time to take the guided tour of the Burj Al Arab. The Dar Al Masyaf certainly delivered more than we expected, my only downside is the glitzy facade being underpinned by hard working staff away from family and friends. A unreserved 5 out 5 stars for the resort and hotel staff that work there.	
Jun 29 2008 	A perfect holiday	Having stayed in Al Qasr we had wondered whether we should return there but then decided to try the villas. We were so pleased we did.I had contacted the resort before arriving with a request for a first floor room. We arrived about 2am and the butler showed us to our requested room. I was disappointed to see that it was on the ground floor but in Dubai the ground floor is the first floor! We were offered a change the next day but the following morning we were told it would be three days and we had already decided that in daylight our room and terrace were great.The room was lovely and had a small terrace which overlooked the waterway and Pai Thai. It was quite private and was great for sitting out with your morning cup of tea. Sitting there every morning with the abras quietly passing by and only the sound of birds singing, it was difficult to believe that you're supposed to be in the world's biggest building site. Luckily though, Madinat is away from all of the construction work.The bathrooms are as great as everyone says. They're huge and very well equipped.The butlers are great too. The ones that stood out for us were Lex and Caje. They were really helpful and recommended restaurants and made the reservations for us.The small pool by the villa wasn't that well used on some of the 14 days were there but on a few, it was full. You get the same great service by this pool as you would on the beach.We had breakfast in Khymat Al Bahar every day and after a few days the receptionist was referring to us by our names before we'd even checked in. Breakfast was great with a huge choice. I defy anyone to say there's nothing to eat there!The resort was fully booked but you still didn't have to queue, hang around or wait long to get served anywhere.The maid had a great sense of humour, leaving us animals made out of towels when she turned down the beds at night. The other nice touch was to leave different items every night rather than the predictable chocolate. We got lip balm, massage oil, foot spray and the odd chocolate.We had fourteen days of unadulterated luxury and each time we go to Dubai, we wonder if it will be our last. We think the magic will disappear. Staying at Dar has made us realise that holidays don't get any better than this so we're already discussing next year with our travel agent.	
Jun 28 2008 	Loved the Dar	Stayed at the Dar from 17 June to 24th. Check-in brillant, no wait for a room and an upgrade to Gulf summerhouse, which was a nice start. Room lovely with a enormous bathroom. Butlers very nice and helpful. Surroundings are wonderful, restaurants great.Give it a go..	
Jun 26 2008 	absolute bliss	This was our first visit to this resort after staying in the Jebel Ali resort on our previous visits to Dubai and after half a day in the resort we where wondering what we had been doing all this time going to that hotel. This place has got to be the best hotel that we have ever stayed in.  We stayed in villa 16 where we had a short walk to the pool which was very quiet with at most 6 or 8 people round it but on most days only about 4 which was fantastic when you are going for a relaxing break. The service round the pool from the pool butler was fantastic, always round with drinks, cold towels, pineapple skewers and believe it or not cleaning your sunglasses. We thought that we had been taken to the wrong hotel for the price of the holiday. The villa was superb, a good sized lounge/bedroom with a double king sized bed and sofa area. The bathroom was the same size as the other room with separate bath and shower wet room and his and hers basins. There was also a balcony looking out onto the gardens. The room was spotlessly clean as it was serviced in the morning and also in the evening when the bed was turned down. In the evening we would come back to the room to find a origami towel in the shape of a different animal left on the bed along with a wee chocolate. On booking this holiday we where a bit apprehensive about the private butler service but I have to say that they where fantastic. They left you alone and did not bug you but it was good to have them there to book restaurant tables and spa sessions. They also arranged buggys to pick you up and take you round the resort. In the evening between 6 and 8 they also hosted a 'happy hour' drink in the reception of the villa where you got a chance to meet the other guests staying in the villa which was a nice touch. It was even nicer when the drinks are free!. The resort has a wide selection of bars and restaurants, around 50 in total which where of a very high standard. Some of the more popular ones you had to book through the butlers in advance. I would highly recomend MJs steakhouse and Zheng He's and the noodle house in the souk. Overall a excellent resort which I can see us going back to time and time again if only just to get round and try all of the restaurants. I would recomend this resort to anyone as it has to be the bet I have ever seen. FIVE STARS!!!!!	
Jun 20 2008 	Better than ever	Having stayed last September for a week to celebrate my husbands 40th birthday and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves, it was my turn this year. Where should we go? There was only one option - to go back to the Dar and we were not dissappointed. Had a lovely room overlooking the waterways in Villa 26, which was bigger that last year. The bed was 8foot wide and the most comfortable you could ever sleep in. Having been previously we did not go to the buffet dinner but had meals in the souk, MJ's steakhouse (very good) and Segrato (Italian) very nice. Made the most of the free drinks between 6 - 8pm, Moet is not always display but just ask and it appears! Alcohol is expensive but you have the choice whether to pay for it or not. Was alot busier than last year though it was Ramadam last year and there were alot more children around probably due to the Spring bank holiday finishing. Had complementary free access to Wild Wadi which was good especially when you see how much it usually is to get in. The beach is lovely though towards the Mina is better if you dont like stones/shells under your feet whilst paddling. No construction sites close which is a real bonus.Would we go back again - definately and hopefully next year.	
Jun 18 2008 	One of the best places to stay in Dubai	We stayed here for free for 2 nights in December 2006. We live and work in Dubai and this was a thank you gift from a client. Upon check in we were upgraded to one of the suites. I have lived in Dubai and stayed in many of the hotels (Jumeira Beach Hotel, Mina A Salam, Royal Mirage) and I have to say that this was by far the best. Standards in Dubai are exceptionally high anyway, but this place was awesome. The room was huge and beautiful. The staff were exceptional, as they are in so many places in Dubai. I would recommend the villas over Al Qasr as you are right on the water and usually a short stroll from the beach and pool, plus it is lovely to catch the Abra to a restaurant and then virtually back to your own front door.As we were here in December the Christmas Tree and decorations around the room and the hotel, really got us in the festive spirit (so much so that we put up our tree the afternoon that we went home).This is an exceptional hotel, easily some of the best rooms in the whole of Dubai's exceptional hospitality sector!	
Jun 17 2008 	This place is truy fantastic	Had previously visited Dubai 7 times and had always stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, which is an outstanding resort hotel, which our 2 children aged 11 and 9 think is absolutely great. In May we decided to book a last minute week away and was really disappointed that the JBH was fully booked. We had already booked flights with BA who had a special June offer on flights to Dubai and managed to get a great bargain of 4 direct flights for £900 including taxes. We booked the only 5 star beach hotel that was available and ended up with a Gulf ocean view Summerhouse at Dar Al Masyaf for the week for £1500, which was far less than we usually pay at JBH and even had complimentary entrance to Wild Wadi thrown in. Considering we had paid a lot less than usual we expected it to be below the standard we had previously enjoyed and would have been ok with that. WOW how wrong could we have been. We arrived at reception at 9 am and expected to wait until mid-afternoon for our villa but was pleasantly surprised to be told that it was ready. When Steph (one of our 4 fantastic butlers, who, between them work around the clock) showed us our villa to say I was shocked was an understatement, it was so spacious with plenty of room for us 4, luxuriously furnished and the enormous bathroom and dressing area put the JBH to shame. From our patio we had a fantastic view of the ocean and the Burj al Arab, and was where we used to sit with our complimentry pre dinner Moet each evening. The location of our villa (no 4) was also perfect for us as we were close to Sinbads kids club, the main (enormous) pool and the retaurant where they served breakfast, and I would suggest that anyone who wants a more private secluded villa should request nos 11 to 29, whilst those with children would be best with nos 1 to 4. Our butlers could not have been more helpful and truly added to the whole experience and ambiance. We are already looking to go back later in the year and cant imagine staying in the JBH again after staying at Dar Al Masyaf and even the children agree with me - which is a first!!!!!	
Jun 16 2008 	A great end to a great trip! Superb all round......though needs a polish!!	Okay so this was the final stage in a trip from Korea, japan and then onto dubai for 7 nights.We arrived at 6am! we knew the check in was going to be 2pm (the hotel is pretty much full at this time of year!), the heat hit us like a spade at the airport! The transfer time took about 25mins (white lexus! nice!), and we arrived at the Al Qasar main entrance, the first thing that hits you is the sheer scale and opulence of it all, we were shown to a side reception room and checked in, told our room was not ready and we would be offered a lounge, refreshments and a shower whilst we waited, we were also able to use any of the resorts facilities until the rooms was ready.We had a few oj's and some water and the room we sat in is basically a lounge area with reclinig chairs , its airconned to the max, they offer blankets etc massage all very nice!We went for a look around (despite the searing heat!) had a few coffees a snooze and few smokes etc and eventually at about midday our villa (No 27 at the Dar Al Masyaf) was ready, we were shown to a golf buggy and taken through the grounds.Am going to cut a long story shory here because this is the one place that lives up to and exceeds the brochures (in most ways), the villas are in a word, stunning, loads of room, ours overlooked the waterways with fishes, crabs, cuttlefish (sometimes!) etc, you have your own butler ours varied between Anton (whos grasp of english was poor (nearly as bad as my serbian) and had the sense of humour of a moth and a charisma bypass! (sorry mate but wet fish springs to mind!) and Caroline and Emo (sorry bad spelling) who couldnt do enough to help ( the only thing we ever really requested was to change some travellers cheques!!) The whole complex is stunning, the weather was very kind to us, the sea was very choppy on a few days, price wise, we were half board and the buffet (although a maginificient selection) didnt get changed in the 7 nights we were there which was a bit boring to be honest( though there arer plenty of fabulous eateries on the resort including a fabulous costa coffee! (a must whilst waiting for your room to be ready!), plus the kids running about and people in beachwear and pushing prams etc tended to subtract from the ambience plus the charge of £5 for a bottle of evian with the meal was taking the michael a bit!Breakfast was great, superb choice, we went to shimmers on the beach and also the Thai restaraunt for my birthday (had choc cake and red roses in room from villa staff!!!) which although fairly expensive (about £50 a head without drinks) was indeed a superb all round experience.We ventured into the Mina A Salam and it to be honest was not our thing, felt more Menorca then Middle east and more Lanzarote than luxurious, it really needs a polish as its brining the other two properties down a bit! but again thats my own opinion!So all in all............rooms great. expect to pay but then you pay for what you get, some prices are well over inflated (we have stayed in the shangri-la in borneo where they charged £4 for a water!) by anyones standards, service superb at times and very occasioanally a let down!Attention to detail exceptional. Clientele variable!!!...............from D&amp;G, to Leeds Chest Tatoos!Have fun!We did!And yes we would go back!Cjx	
Jun 16 2008 	The best yet!!	Dubai was the second part of our honeymoon having flown from the Maldives. When we arrived at the resort entrance I was gob smacked, it is so grand with beautiful fountains! We were picked up by a buggy that drove us around the resort and to our summer house! We were upgraded to an ocean view summer suite! It was the most amazing accomodation you could wish for! You enter the main private courtyard and then you enter your luxurious summer house. It had the biggest bathroom you can imagine, a huge bedroom, dining room and kitchen area. The toiletries were amazing and they had seperate ones for men and women! We took so many back home as they replaced it twice daily! We had sparkling wine, chocolates &amp; strawberries to greet us which was lovely! They leave gifts every night on your pillow, anything from massage oil to lip balm, chocolates etc What can I say about the resort! It is incredible, it is like a mini Venice with gondolas to take you to each part or you can get a buggy to take you around. The Dar Al Maysaf is ment to be the nicest out of the 3 options in Madinat Jumeirah but to be fair they all looked amazing. The pool area is massive and there are so many sun loungers-we had 4 loungers, 2 in the sun and 2 under a beautiful shaded area. They come round and spray your face with Evian, give you ice lollies, cold flannels etc etc The service is second to none! Your butler cannot do enough for you and will book restaurants etc for you. Breakfast is buffet style and there are so many options it's silly! It filled us up until dinner time. We ate most nights in the complex as there are so many restaurants to choose from. The best place was the Pai Thai restaurant, it was expensive but well worth it and sit outside so you can see the abras going around! The Souk within the resort is really nice, with some lovely shops. You can negociate in some shops but not all. The beach is lovely but you may need to get up early to get sun loungers in a good position or the huge day beds on the beach. The sea is like a warm bath and beautiful for swimming in.You can go into the Burj Al Arab and they provide a free buggy service to it but we didn't get around to going. Sun set looks amazing especially if the Burj and the background!I compare every hotel to the Dar Al Maysaf and nothing has come close even if they are 5* luxury hotels, I will be returning for sure!!	
Jun 15 2008 	Luxury everywhere you look	The Villas at Dar Al Masyaf, Madinat Jumeirah were, as expected, opulent and luxurious. I was only there for 2 nights for work and would have much preferred to be enjoying this villa with my girlfriend but who is one to complain.The minute I arrived I knew I was going to enjoy it. Off the plan at 6am in the sunshine after leaving rainy cold London the night before it was just what the doctor ordered. After arriving a reception a gondola soon transported me to my villa along the Venice style canals. The room was beautiful and the check in was effortless... The gentleman who checked me in was Thai so I think kind service is in his blood. This would be a great place to take a family if you could afford it as there was a young kid hanging around who had obviously bonded with the villa butler who was entertaining him.The bed was amazingly comfortable and the bathroom huge. The shower had his and her products... I didn't realise I I needed different soap, shampoo, conditioner etc but I guess there is a difference.Anyway room service was quick, anything I wanted the butler would deliver or find for me... It was a great place to stay, even for work...	
May 9 2008 	Wonderful Hotel 	My husband and I stayed at this hotel last December for the Dubai Film Festival. We stayed in Villa 13. The butler staff were great- especially Pasha who took very good care of us! We loved the quiet peace of the complex. Riding on the little boats from place to place was terrific, but my favorite was just walking through the resort. My favorite time of day there was just around sunrise. I walked to the beach and pretty much had the place to myself. Great place to find small seashells- it was very relaxing.I also loved watching the changing colours of the Burj at night!As we were there for the film fest, it was very busy with very little quiet time, but we found the private pools to be very relaxing. The temperature was pleasant, but the mornings were a little foggy, typical for that time of year, but made eating in the outdoor buffet for breakfast a little cool without a sweater.The pool was sensational. The steakhouse at the Al Qassar (can't remember the name!) was very good. the other steakhouse in the market place was quite good, as well. We had room service one evening when our jetlag got the better of us, and the quality and quantity were very good. We shared one meal! Simple comfort food- spaghetti bolognese with a side salad! Delicious! We took a day trip to go snorkeling over in Oman and it was very good as well. I would have packed some snacks and food, though, as they did not provide anything substantial. That was our fault, though, not the dive expedition. The waters weren't as clear as we'd hoped, but we did see a few new fish we had never seen before-cuttle fish- many good sightings of turtles. We had 2 stops. Altogether, it was a very long day-about 12 hours from pick up to drop off. We were happy to do it, but the trip was very long and decided once was enough.I would recommend this hotel for people who really want an escape and stay in a self-contained resort. The giant Mall of the Emirates is very close by, and that was a nice diversion as well. If you get an opportunity to go inside the iconic Burj Al Arab- do so! it really defies description!	
Apr 25 2008 	fab!	what can i say about this hotel, everying was amazing from the moment i arrived. we stayed in a lovely villa with a gorgeous view of the waterways. the bulter we had was vey helpful and made reservations for at the restaurants in the resort evey night. i enjoyed the boat ride to the pool everyday but also loved the mini pool that we had aound the villa which was empty nearly everyday.overall we had a fab time and cant wait to go back in june	
Apr 11 2008 	Heaven	This is the most amazng, magical and luxurious hotel we have ever stayed in. If you want to be treated like a King or a Princess then stay here!! The staff are so so helpful and your own butler will do anything for you within seconds. We are well travelled but no other accomodation can beat this - it really is jaw dropping. In fact we are going back again in September for a family holday for 10 days!! The childrens faciltes are simply the best in the world - own nannies, covered swimmimg pools, kids clubs and way way more. European resorts have a lot to learn. Dubai rocks my world!! I nearly fell of my seat to see any negative revews - humbug!! just go go go to the Dar Al Masyaf!!	
Apr 4 2008 	hopeless management beautiful rooms worth the price??	I was so excited about staying here after reading the reviews and looking at the pictures on-line. Despite what would amount to almost 1,000 a night I thought it would be a wonderful treat. Boy was I wrong...My husband, son and I arrived early at 6am and I did have hopes that we might get our room ahead of time, but understood when that was not possible. Having flown all night from Europe we decided to have breakfast and then rest (sleep) out by the beach. Several times we called reception to check on our room (they never offered us a phone despite having them in the business center we learned later) and they could never quite tell us when the room would be ready. They kept saying &quot;soon&quot; so instead of hitting the mall we waited really wanting to shower and change first. Finally at 3pm exhausted and rather hot we went back to the reception. The guy there would not tell us anything and finally after another 20 minutes someone came and told us that our reservation would not be honored... Turns out they overbooked the Dar Villas!!!! They had my reservation and they agreed that I'd made it months in advance. They even agreed that I had confirmed my reservation by email three times and by phone to check on something. They knew there was a problem since we arrived in the am, but no one wanted to tell us so they let us wait all day!So.....instead of giving us the special Dar villa I booked for four nights they offered us the villa for two nights and then &quot;an upgrade&quot; (executive room with ocean view) at the Mina for the last two nights. I was so upset -- if I had wanted to stay at the Mina I would have booked the Mina. The only excuse they had for the problem was that some big group (who they admitted booked after us!) needed all of the villas thus we had to be bumped. So much for the little guy....After much complaining both about wasting the day waiting for word on our room and about being bumped, we finally had no other choice but to agree and off we went to our room. (They did give us a free dinner as compensation but if it was just about the money I could have saved money by booking a cheaper hotel in the first place...) Anyway we made it to the room and at first they gave us a ground floor room even though I had asked when I made the reservation for an upper room. Not a big deal but I thought maybe they would make an effort given the reservation problem. After mentioning it, they finally gave us an upper room and we rested while waiting another 45 minutes for our bags to follow....About the room --- I admit it was awesome! We just loved it! The villas are wonderful - quiet, private and spacious! It is close to the spa and the private pools are just perfect. Just as I was about to relax the doorbell rang and in came the butler with the check-in forms to sign. He walked right over and handed it to my husband. The check-in form of course had the price of the hotel on it..Now this might not be a big issue EXCEPT that I had called the hotel twice to try and prepay the room as a surprise to my husband. (He enjoys these things so much less when he knows the cost!) During my two lengthy phone calls the hotel told me I could not prepay the room (despite doing so at the Kempinsky in Zurich and the Baur au Lac in Genvea during the same vacation!). Anyway at the end of my call the hotel assured me that they would make a note in their system so that I could pay the bill quietly upon arrival without my husband's input. Needless to say that did not work out since the butler handed the bill to my husband...It is a small thing of no real significance, but you'd think for the price of the hotel and after the problem with the room that they would get that right.... It is a five star hotel that prides itself on service afterall...That evening we went to the mall and had a nice time. I have to admit that since we'd been so upset about everything I kinda expected the hotel to have something nice in our room upon our return as an apology -a bottle of wine or maybe a nice letter, but of course there was nothing. The next day I found my mood souring as I thought of packing up and leaving our wonderful villa (we had so many bags...) so I finally asked for a higher level manager and explained my unhappiness. She was nice, but we still had to move.When we moved to the Mina I was so disappointed. The room was much smaller than the Dar villa and despite their promise we did not have an ocean view. Whereas in the Dar villa we ordered breakfast in the room each day and sat overlooking the canal with the birds singing, in the Mina our room overlooked someone's small house and their garage! The only sound we heard was the road noise! Basically after that we tried to spend as little time as possible in the room (or at the pool as the Mina pool was crowded unlike the private Dar villa pool...)To make a long story short....the hotel seems to care very little about customer satisfaction. They did not try very hard to give us the experience we thought we were paying for. If you have to bump someone - then move them into a nicer room not a smaller one with no view. And don't try to make it sound like an upgrade just because it includes the free breakfast as part of the excutive wing (which was looking a little run down and was noisy since it is right off the main lobby...)Would I go back? If I could be assured of getting the room I booked at the Dar villa then yes. However, frankly I am not sure I have any confidence that this would happen. I want to go back to Dubai with my mom in a few months and am just not sure I should give them my business again....	
Mar 12 2008 	Beautiful hotel chaotic service	This is a beautiful hotel marred by shambolic service. I stayed here twice in one week - with a night in between at a hotel in the desert. First check-in we arrived off a flight from UK at around 9 pm to be told room would not be ready until 2 pm. Fair enough. We asked our bags to be sent to the room of some friends who had arrived the day before. Despite several phone calls and cajoling it took nearly two hours for the bags to be sent.. The next check-in was worse. Reckoning that we would not be able to get our room until 2 pm we delayed our departuere from the desert hotel and got to the Dar El M at 4 pm...to be told our rooms were not ready. Big argument. Six hopeless staff poring over a computer screen trying to work out what rooms were where. Eventually a more senior manager upgraded us and found us rooms immediately. I reckon there were dozens of rooms spare but the junior staff had no authority to upgrade. They simply couldn't think for themselves. The Jumeirah group make a big thing of staff smiling at the punters but perhaps they could do more to train them to think for themselves. Once in the room - rathe rheavy decor, distressed fake antique heavy brown furniture knocked up in India and made to look quite grand but really quite comfortable - all was fine. The butler service worked well and some nice complimentary Moet in the evening. We were Impressed that they did not produce some cheaper champagne nobody has heard of. Great Uzbekistani butler called Anton who should be made manager of the whole hotel. One of the few staff members who you felt was in control. Lovely pool, virtually to ourselves. Extremely clean and tidy. But beware the spa. Very expensive - £80+ massages - and not awfully good. Restaurants also hideously expensive. Expect London prices and the rest. Avoid the Italian restaurant. The Thai isn't too bad but don't expect a culinary wow.	
Mar 6 2008 	Can I move in?	I stayed at this hotel on a work trip for 6 nights. Our group took up several villas at Dar Al Masyaf and everyone was most impressed with everything! All the rooms are large with huge bathrooms. The butlers at our villa were extremely helpful and pleasant. We loved the 'happy hour' every afternoon at our villa. The decor, facilities, and service at Dar Al Masyaf were outstanding!The Madinat Jumeirah is a complex of 3 hotels (including the Dar Al Masyaf villas) on the same property as the Burj. I thought it was all a sort of an Arabian Disneyworld. All the staff wore traditional Arabian outfits. We took gondola rides from our villa to the restaurants and shopping area every day. Everyone we encountered was extremely friendly and helpful. The beach on the property is very pleasant with lovely cabanas. The whole property is definitely an experience! It has a large variety of restaurants ( I dined at fast food type places and 5 star restaurants there) and shops. It also has one of the best nightclubs in Dubai-Trilogy.	
Mar 3 2008 	Dubai at its finest meets Little Venice!	After 2 nights at the Burj (WOW!!), I wasn't sure what to expect. A short car ride from the Burj meant we were checking in at midday, a little too early for our room to be ready.We were greeted with a wet towel and some juice. My mobile number was taken so that we could feel free to wonder around the hotel and they would call me when my room was ready - fair enough, we were 3 hours early. However just then a man came over to say our room was in fact ready now. I enquired was this to be on the 1st floor with balcony overlooking waterway as I had requested by e-mail 2 weeks before arrival. He advised it wasn't and would check if any were available. There was but not until tomorrow, so for one night we were in villa 18, ground floor.I was a bit dissapointed after the Burj I guess, but the short buggy ride to our villa with a smiley welcome soon put my mind at rest. As alreay said these villas are dotted around this mighty morroccan archtiectural style hotel consisting of 2 gargantuan sister hotels, surrounded by a network of canals and waterways, complimented by our villas, either overlooking gardens/pools or water ways/canals (hence Little Venice as I heard one of the Abra [canal boat] drivers remark on one of his tours). For extra money you could have a villa overlooking the ocean. There are pro's for this - slightly larger I believe and often a garden area before the sand to lounge on with recliners and of course your part private pool). Normally this would be my preferred option, but having just come from an ocean view room, and always usually takeing them, I thought the canal water view room to be a more relaxing and superior option, and I was not wrong. Each of the 3 or 4 villa blocks had a shared swimming pool for private use. I never saw more than 4 people at any one time, and we used it a couple of times to/from a Mall trip or after a Souk afternoon (this is the huge market, Dubai style, that takes up about 1/3 of the complex,compromising of many stalls, shops and restaurants and a theatre. Public can visit this as well as hotel guest, and to get back on the complex you are required to show your key [ as sometimes to get on the Abra's as these are only free for resort guests]). The pool was always manned by a life guard and usually a towel/drink man, between 9.30 and 6pm, often a lonely existence!Our room was large, with a seating area, desk, mini-bar an King bed and triple wardrobe and safe/ Bathroom was equally large with double sink, deep plunge bath and shower, with plenty of space, dressing gowns and slippers.The courtyard was the gathering place between 6-8pm for our villa since this was Happy Hour, where we were encouraged to pour drinks from fine wine and champagne, to beer and spirits and soft drinks. There were also a small selection of nibbles/nuts. I rarely saw other guests there apart from 2 out of our 6 nights here. One night we took our drinks to the room, sitting on our balcony, watching the world, and Abra's go by - very civilised! The villa holds around 8 rooms, and we rarely saw others. The 2 man concierge/butler service was good although we had inimal nneds except booking restaurants which was fine, and if you wanted they would arrange for an Abra or buggy from hte very local pick up points dotted around the grounds - within 60 seconds someone would be there to pick you up.The next day, after a hard days toil at the beautiful sandy beach and (cool) blue sea we went back to our villa to find we had moved to 12, upstairs. Indeed I was delighted!! A larger corner room with a more spacious bedroom and lovely balcony with a table and 4 chairs, right on a canal way, opposite the Spa. Very happy, Happy hour was indeed that!!We had a choice of 3 retaurants for breakfast, our favourite being the furthest one away (5 minutes by Abra), with a better atmopshere and a larger selection of foods, although all very similar (porridge, cereals, baked beans UK style! A pork station [good for a muslim country, for bacon, sausages etc], fruit, Japanese, Indian and Dubai selections and much more) - our least favourite (but still very good) was the beach restaurant - too crowded and a bird did its mess on our table, so that helped! MJ's the steak restaurant was our favourite dinner restaurant, going there twice, with a good choice of food, steaks and wine and pre dinner bread and nibbles. The fine dining Italian was good and we tried a couple of buffets and ate out once down town as part of a tour in a revolving restaurant in a hotel. The beach was lovely as said and very large, fully equiped with the ubiquitous life guards. We could eat on the beach if we liked and had offered fruit on a stick and lollies. The pool was very warm and crowded/noisy, the largest in the middle east, with 10 life guards, again an overkill, but I guess never can be too safe!Life was lazy here, boats and buggies taking us to wherever we fancied, sometimes a beautiful scenic route with points of interest pointed out. Service was second to none, always with smile. Views were marvellous of the sea and of course the Burj. The complex was a picture of beauty, from gardens to fountains to pools and canals - to be seen to be believed, and our room was fantastic, with a nightly turn down service and a few surprises there in! Happy Hour was great which helped as I said to watch the world go by at a very respectable and enjoyable pace - we will be back!!	
Mar 2 2008 	8th wonder of the world.	Having read many reviews before making our decision to book, I would note some very important points which one should take into account when reading someone else's review, including this one.Different people have different expectations to levels of accomodation, sevice and location. One should have one own's point of view and anyone else's is just a very very rough guide. That said I have read fabulous reviews on other resorts in Dubai and the time of pre-booking and time of writing now I understand the Le Royal Meridian is No2 in the Tripadvisor ratings. How that hotel or any other outside of the four - Mina a' Salam. Al Qasr and Dar al Masyaf and the Burj could be rated higher is total beyond me. THIS PLACE IS THE EIGHTH WONDER OF THE WORLD. Kids paradise, Mum and Dad's as well. Stayed in a summer house. Not faultless and far too many goods points to mention.One word of advise, and asume this would apply to anyone arriving early to check in. They are not ready for you at 10am in the morning and no other hotel in the world is either, so don't blame them. Go for a walk/or Abra (small boat) around the resort, there's so much to explore. Check out the architecture. Also have the swim suits to hand and chill by the pool, time will fly.Extremely highly rate by my family and I.IK London.	
Feb 26 2008	this place is heaven	My mum and dad took me to the Dar Al Masyaf in November 2007. The place is absolutely fabulous.I am amazed to see in a couple of other reviews that someone has found anything negative to say.I am returning in April for 10 days and i am so so so exited!!!!!!!!! i cant wait to sit and sip my champagne on the terrace of our villa and watch the beautiful Burj change colour in the background of the evening sky.I dont think there is anywhere in the world that tops this place! You just HAVE to go!!!!!!!!!!	
Feb 11 2008 	Great Family Hotel	Stayed for 5 nights in a suite at the Dar Al Masyaf (Villa 25). The earlier reviews have captured a lot of my thoughts on this hotel but I would add the following:1. The hotel arranges for express clearance through immigration at the airport. This is very valuable - the queue looked terrible (and don't believe the advertising - Dubai airport is really quite poor).2. Initial impressions at arriving at the hotel (you arrive at the sister hotel, Al Qasar, before being taken by buggy to your villa) was not great - long wait for the reception staff to sort themselves out. In fact, the reception and the driveway staff (bellmen etc) standout as being far below the standard of service in the rest of the hotel.3. When we finally got to our villa, we were impressed. It is not glitzy like the neighbouring Burj al Arab hotel but it is more likely an extremely comfortable beach side holiday home. Large dining room and living room (with a fold-out couch bed), very large master bedroom, lavish bathroom and three balconies (two large). We had an extra bed put into the master bedroom for one of our children. The other slept on the couch bed. For a family with two young children, the set up was ideal.4. From what I could see, all of the DAM villas seem roughly the same in desirability (all are on canals and in a quite part of the resort). However, I would avoid the seafront villas (which cost quite a bit more) as these are in a much more heavily trafficked area of the resort (near the main pool, kids club and/or opposite the souk which has plenty of noisy clubs. 5. Kids club was good and very well staffed.6. Good choice of restaurants and bars but make sure you book ahead - the good restaurants book solid every night.7. Butler service in each villa was good - very friendly and helpful. However, they are not experience conceirges and I would speak to the main conceirge in the Al Qasar hotel if you want recommendations for a specific type of restaurant.8. Breakfast buffet is complimentary and excellent quality. 9. Pools are good (heated in winter and cooled in summer) but seem slightly small for the size of the hotel. It was cold when we were there but all deck chairs were occupied by about 11am. All in all, a great stay. Very expensive (we paid US$1600/night) but we felt like we got value for money, which is saying something at this price point. Great hotel for families and couples alike.	
Jan 20 2008 	Amazing	We didn't get off to a great start as we arrived early and were put in a waiting type room which did not have a refreshments or working tv and there were only seats. We waited for ages and were finally told that our room was ready. When we saw our room it made up for having to wait a while. The room was really big with seating area, massive bed and the bathroom was almost as big as the room, complete with walk in rain shower, bath and twin sink. In each of the summerhouses is a lobby area with a butler. Ours was so friendly and each evening there was an hour of free drinks (including free champagne!) in the lobby. It was extremely hot in the august that we stayed there and it was such a nice relief whenever we came back to a fully air- conditioned lobby with really calming music. We really felt like we were in paradise! Golf buggys were such a great help as the grounds are extensive and on the whole we preferred these to the abras (water boats) as they were faster and we found the abras to unbearable in the heat. Unfortunately having stayed there in august, it did mean that we were limited in the activities we could do as it was too hot for the sand safari and camel riding. Obviously this was not the hotels fault but i would recommend going in a slightly cooler time to allow you to do these activities. There were so many great restaurants in the hotel complex although they were not that cheap. I would definately recommend La Parilla restaurant in the jumeirah beach hotel which is only 5 minutes away by buggy as the entertainment and whole atmosphere was great! They had amazing steaks which were very expensive but worth it! This was our first time in Dubai and if we came back we would DEFINATELY come to this hotel! Great sevice, great facilties, great food, great rooms. Everything was GREAT!!!	
Jan 8 2008 	Fabulous	Dar Al Masyaf is was the most fabulous place I have ever stayed, it was amazing the staff could not do enough to help you they were all so obliging and friendly, the villas were out of this world beautiful the villa that we stayed in had free drinks from 7 so you could relax in the lounge area and our host opened up the drinks cabinet for guests for 1 hour. There are golf buggies that you can call upon at any time of day to get around the resort these are free and are a real treat so you do not have to walk in the blistering heat. You can use any of the siser hotel restaurants for breakfast I would love to go back it is worth every penny.	
Jan 4 2008 	Something different	We spent four nights at the Dar al Masyaf, which is one of three luxury hotels within the Madinat Jumeirah complex, this being the all-villa option. Our room on the ground floor was one of eight in a gulf summer garden villa which is a two-storey building containing a tranquil atrium courtyard and complete with butler/receptionist and complimentary evening drinks/snacks. Getting around the resort is a joy - buggy carts or 'abra' boats being the two options. We never had long to wait for either, and the boats seem to run on electric motors as they're totally silent. Our room isbest descibed as oversized (as was the bathroom suite) and it came with a balcony overlooking oneof the wider parts of the canal waterways and restaurants. Aspect is quite important here: if you don't mind seeing your neighbours on the next door balcony, and if you don't mind the complimentary boats and tour boats (with 'Abra tours' sign holding paying passengers!) gliding past your balcony every two minutes or so, then you'll be happy with the live interaction (I found myself waving at passing boatloads holding mostly hotel guests which was fun), but otherwise.. don't use your balcony or get a room on the first floor (each villa has four downstairs and another four upstairs). The Abra conductors (boatmen) will cheerfully tell you the list prices of different types of room as you take the boat to the Shopping Souk (best described as a Mall of arab boutiques plus food outlets and bars), and ours grinned when stating that the royal villas are fully occupied at some ridiculous price with four zeros. The hotel has enough on offer for regular stopover visitors to Dubai not to need to leave the premises - unless you want a big shopping mall in which case you grab a taxi to the nearby Mall of the Emirates. Beach is good, clean and well 'serviced', and everywhere you go the backdrop makes for excellent photographs - the top of the Burj al Arab for example is visible from most parts of the Madinat Complex, and as it and the Jumeirah Beach hotel are owned by the same company, staff will provide towels and drinks to you wherever you are in the resort - we found ourselves on the designated Burj beach loungers one day, and staff were quite happy to hand us bottled water and evian face sprays even though we told them we were staying at the Dar al Masyaf. Nothing in the complex is more than 3 minutes buggy ride away and the choice of restaurants is wide. Amazingly the resort feels quite exclusive, almost empty at times but I was reassured the entire resort (all 3 hotels) was fully booked. Example: every 3-4 villas share a private pool supervised by an attendant who spends most of the day watching over an empty pool (no surprise as the main pool at the Al Qasr is superb and also close to the beach). Another example: the butlers seem to spend most of the day on the phone to friends (the poor chaps have only a limited range of websites they're allowed to access on their PCs such as airline and restaurant sites.. so no chance of asking them to let you quickly check out your social networking site for example!). 3rd example: the atrium courtyard in our villa was almost always empty (although one guest room in our villa seemed to serve as &quot;base&quot; for a group of Filipina maids who were part of the entourage of a family occupying one of the stupendously expensive royal villas the boatman had told us about. 4th example: Buffet Restaurants (both for breakfast and dinner) were never more than 30% full every time we went. Jumeirah Group clearly believes in offering guests space and availability everywhere. Good call, but it does filter through in the room prices. I'll make a final point on responsiveness: We pointed out some bits of the room that could have been cleaned better, and the head of guest services came to our room in person. Plus we requested a late afternoon checkout without charge which was granted on the day despite earlier explanations that the hotel was full and our room had been allocated to incoming guests. I consider us to be picky, even spoilt frequent travellers. But I cannot fault this hotel on any count (other than cost, which is par for the course in Dubai for 2007/08) and Dar al Masyaf therefore gets my vote as &quot;Excellent&quot;. If you can get a room for less than 300 pounds I recommend this place, If Dar al Masyaf is full, you'll be equally satisfied in the Jumeirah Beach Hotel or the other two Madinat properties (Al Qasr and Mina al Salam), but a Dar al Masyaf villa room gives you a lot more space and a special &quot;resort feel&quot; because you're in the midst of landscaped gardens and waterways which are fantastic hi-res holiday photo material. I'll be staying there again next time.	
Jan 4 2008 	Great place but........	We stayed at the Dar al Masyaf over New Year, deciding to come here after reading the reviews on the trip advisor. Not our first trip to Dubai - stayed previously at The One and Only, Jemeriah Beach and Dusit in the City. I agree that this is a fantastic hotel with much thought having gone into the design of the whole place. However, I was disappointed with the beach villa in which we stayed as this was positioned directly outside the childrens play area. Each morning you could hear the tinkering of the water toys etc... the large pool was the only pool we were to use (unless we wanted to trek up to villa 9 somewhere and share their pool-I would have felt like an intruder had I done this!). The main pool was very, very busy - strangers sneezing over the top of your head, having moved so close to catch a glimpse of the sun, this is enough to send you to the beach for a little more room. The patio area with the villa was very dark and really got no sun at all - we never used it as the position was not really that nice and looked directly on to a six foot fence! I did request a top villa but on arrival they looked totally surprised and we were told they were all fully booked, however, they could move us after several days - I declined and said we would stay put - felt like too much effort to be honest. The butlers were nice people - very well mannered but not that informative. The rooms were beautiful - just one minor matter - ladies like to sit down and do hair and make up - this was not possible with the layout as it is! Male interior designer ??The complex is extremely large and for us, we will not be returning to this hotel. I think the One and Only is a more relaxed and exclusive hotel and if you upgrade to the next level, you do get all the trimmings too - including a more relaxed and calmer pool area etc.. I do hope my review is informative - I am only trying to put my view point across to say this complex will not suit all - the extra money we paid for a beach villa - not sure whether it is worth it.Oh by the way - the compulsory Gala Dinner on New Years Eve - this is NOT compulsory with the hotel - it is only the travel agents that say it is and also the 7 day night stay is not compulsory too !! However what a night the Gala Dinner turned out to be - now that was truly fantastic..............	
Dec 28 2007 	I loved this place!	I did my research before booking and I would just like to thank all of the Tripadvisor reviewers that recommended this place!!!The Dar Al Masyaf is part of the Madinat Jumeirah resort. There are three different types of accommodation – the main hotel is Mina A’Salam, then there is a smaller hotel called the Al Qasr and finally the Dar Al Masyaf is a group of villas dotted around the resort. There are, I think, about 10 rooms per villa. Waterways link all parts of the resort.We arrived at 9 am and our room was not ready (check in was at 3 pm). So they took my mobile number and allowed us unrestricted access to the resort. They then called me at 11 am to tell me our room was ready. We had in fact been upgraded to a Gulf Summerhouse which had a view of the sea!The room was AMAZING! The bedroom was huge, with a king size bed and a lounge seating area. The bathroom was even bigger with a separate walk-in rainfall shower, and bath. There were his and hers sinks and his and hers wardrobes and they provide great toiletries. They also provide bottled mineral water every day. We had our own butler called Teresa and she was lovely and knowledgeable.Oh, and the best part was the balcony……………..The beach is beautiful and there are far more sunloungers than sunbathers. Beach attendants will prepare the sunlounger for you by covering it with clean towels. They also come around with cold towels and ice lollies. There is a beautiful, unrestricted view of the Burj.We travelled around the resort by buggy (your butler will call it for you and it arrives in a couple of minutes) or by abra (small boat) on the waterways.The spa was lovely although very expensive. I had a facial for about £65 and then they tried to sell me eyecream for £100!There is a lovely HUGE pool in the middle of the resort which is a salt pool so good for those intolerant to chlorine.In the middle of the resort is a small souk which is very artificial but it has good restaurants, a Starbucks and Costa. You can pick up all your souvenirs there.It is very expensive to stay here (about £400 p/night min) and we could only afford a couple of nights before moving to the Jumeirah Emirates Towers. HOWEVER, it was worth every penny. The staff were amazing, the beach was lovely. Yes it is a bit Disney for adults but if you want pure luxury, this is it! I was so sad to leave. The resort is just beautiful and a real experience. I would HIGHLY recommend it to everybody if you can afford it.Other Dubai Tips: BURJAs a guest of the Madinat Jumeirah, you are allowed access to the Burj. DO NOT believe the hotel staff when they say you have to go in smart dress. Just don’t wear shorts/trainers/flip flops but otherwise smart-casual is fine.SKI DUBAIDon’t go! Its rubbish in my opinion!WILD WADIVery fun, worth going, don’t worry if you cannot swim well as there is something for everyone.DESERT SAFARIHighly recommend going but I take a sick bag unless you have a strong stomach. We had to stop in the middle of the desert as one of the people in our car need to be sick! But the sand dunes are beautiful. We used Net Tours.SHOPPINGWe went to Mall of the Emirates and Burjumann. Burjumann contains mostly designer stores where Mall of the Emirates contains a lot of the UK high street stores. Designer goods are more expensive in Dubai. Also, the airport does not have any designer stores so stock up on your designer goods at Heathrow!!	
Nov 24 2007 	This is the place...	We had previously stayed at Al Qasr, but this time, decided to spend a little more and stay in Dar Al Masayaf for a 3 day stop over in Dubai. We were NOT disappointed. The room, an Arabian summer house suite was amazing. The personal butler service is actually really good and really useful. You share a staff member between the 8 suites in the courtyard house and they help with everything that you need from restaurant reservations, getting Abra / Buggy transfers to check out in the villa etc. The sheer size and quality of the suite is breathtaking. My recommendation would be to ask at time of reservation for a first floor suite rather than ground floor, and if possible to be on the side nearest to the Spa / Tennis Courts as being near the Madinat Souk, you can get bleed over music noise from the roof top bar. I also think the seaview villas are not worth the extra cost and extra footfall that naturally occurs around them due to their proximity to the beach.The other key benefit of Dar to my mind over Al Qasr is access to the “private” pools – shared between four or so villa houses, with their own lifeguard and sun loungers is really good and they are rarely used. As always the welcome and quality of the Jumeirah service was impeccable – they manage to make a huge resort seem very peaceful and quiet, and it is clear that nothing is too much for the Jumeirah staff, from countries as diverse as Serbia and Sri Lanka, and who really do never say “No” as their first response to any question that guests ask. Downside – Breakfast service if you are ordering things – liked poached eggs, in Al Qasr has become a bit disorganized and orders got lost on two occasions – but this is nothing in the scheme of a great stay. If you can get to Madinat Jumeriah do, and if you can get to Al Qasr, even better, but ultimately, the stay in Dar is what you want to get from your agent when you book.	
Oct 29 2007 	Fantastic	It's taken me a while to get around to writing this review, but we stayed at Dar for our honeymoon in July and it was fantastic. Totally disneyland / Vegas but also very private and romantic. You were completely peaceful and relaxed and then just arounfdthe corner is the crazyness of Al Qasr pool, restaurants etc. We had a Gulf Summer House with a private pool just outside, which was always very quiet. Wild Wadi was great if you're into that sorta thing. It was hot in July but we're used to visiting Vegas so it wasn't a problem for us.Room was amazing. Huge, with a bathroom the size of a normal complete hotel room. Massive bed and loads of room to spread all our stuff round. We will be back here some year for our anniversary hopefully.	
Sep 23 2007 	Would Stay Again But Not in August!	Dar al Masyaf (at Madinat Jumeirah near Al Qasr and Mina a’Salaam in Dubai, website [--]): An excellent choice! The Dar al Masyaf is the more private enclave within the Al Qasr, so if you are asking for transportation from the Dubai Airport, tell them to take you to the Al Qasr lobby, where you will take an abra (boat) or buggy (golf cart) to your building. There is a small pool for every three or four buildings (each with about 8 rooms; 4 upper with balconies and 4 lower with patios). There is a butler for each building, which is essentially a concierge service. The butler also holds a nightly happy hour (6:00 to 8:00 pm), which is a nice touch so that you can enjoy some complimentary drinks and snacks and swap stories with other travellers. The rooms at the “Dar” are lovely, with a king-size bed, large seating area (two couches and coffee table), wet bar, dressing room area, and huge bathroom (separate shower, bathtub, water closet with toilet and bidet, twin sink vanity). GREAT selection of toiletries: separate shampoo, conditioner, body wash for men and women, toothbrushes, paste, talcum powder, lotion, cotton swabs, nail kit, sewing kit, shower cap). They supply nearly everything that you will need (minus mouthwash, floss, razors). You are supplied with robes (two kinds per person) and slippers, and more towels than you can use (they do the towel animals, too). Rooms have hair dryers and safes. You also get a fruit basket (replenished daily), and two boxes of amazing sweets (in neat leather boxes that you can keep). Bottled water is free in the rooms. The lighting in the rooms is good, with plenty of artificial and natural light. The mini bar prices are steep ($5 for a can of soda), but comparable to the hotel itself. We ate a light breakfast in the Al Faroozh lounge, where four sodas and two bagels with cream cheese ran about $15 (not bad). There are also two breakfast buffets, but it was too much food for us. There were too many restaurants on the property to mention; sadly, we did not use any of them for dinner. We didn’t eat on our first night after arriving late, and we chose to eat at the Mall of the Emirates on our only other night there. We walked along the concrete pathway past the ocean and the main Al Qasr pool (huge, great amenities like fruit kabobs, Evian facial sprays, cold towels throughout the day), and staffed by TONS of lifeguards. (In fact, EVERY pool had its own lifeguard, even the small ones). We didn’t really see the Mina a’Salaam, and unfortunately, it was TOO ungodly hot in August to take advantage of our free visit to the Burj al Arab (which was not as tall as I had imagined). August really isn’t the best time to visit Dubai. While 107 degrees merely sounds hot, with the humidity, you really can’t be outside for even 2 minutes without sweating and experiencing breathing difficulty. I’m not sorry that we stopped over in Dubai; it’s something to be seen once, but I wouldn’t hurry back for an extended stay anytime soon. However, if I did, I would stay here again.	
Sep 22 2007 	Surreal Experience !	We had always stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, but were invited to the Madinat for a week on business. We had eaten there on a previous trip, and thought the place was going to be terribly naff. Wrong. It was a wonderful experience. The whole place is almost magical, the rooms (in Villas) sumptuous, the style and concept just wonderful and the service outstanding. The joy of summoning a buggy and saying 'take me to the Wild Wadi' ! The Abra system of transport was just charming, though could take some time, and the extensive nature of the place meant it took longer than normal to find our way around. The food was good but not cheap. If you stay there, and we would thoroughly recommend it, do book restaurants in advance, as the good ones get very busy. And do go to The Argentinian Restaurant at the Jumeirah Beach (book well in advance) for the best steak you will probably ever eat, and great floor show. We loved it.	
Sep 18 2007 	Fake but Fun	As you stand in the reception area of the Hotel and look out over the waterways, palms, pools and beach it is difficult to believe that 5 years ago the entire area was a scrub land of sand and bushes. As you approach the hotel complex from the large sweeping driveway you are confronted by large gold prancing horses symptomatic of the opulent grandeur that awaits you. The Hotel is part of a complex that includes the Quasr, a modern Souk (aka shopping mall) and a wide selection of restaurants. On a short trip you could easily never leave the complex as there is plenty to do and see – while lovely, this would be mistake as wider Dubai holds so much to see. After checking in you are taken to your suite via an Abra on the inland waterway that links the whole complex together. Your suite is in a small villa containing 6 suites. Each suite is huge, with a cavernous bathroom, a terrace which either overlooks the sea or the waterways and a bed that you need oxygen to climb up on to its so large. Service is extraordinary, probably the best I have ever received. The Butler service is exceptional - nothing is too much trouble. Room service delivered a piping hot meal to our suite, set up a small table on your balcony, light the candles, opened the wine and gracefully retired leaving us to enjoy a romantic evening. The wider complex is huge and worthy of exploration as it opens almost 24 hours. The Californian restaurant is excellent, the Chinese/Japanese although considered to be a hot seat in town was ordinary. The Souk has 25+ eateries.. you name your choice and it is available. The downside of the whole experience is that apart from the newly planted palm trees nothing is authentic or original. The whole expereince is very &quot;disneyesque&quot;. The entire hotel “beach” complex is synthetic – not unlike the adjacent World or Palm Islands. However, if you suspend disbelief and enjoy the luxury and kitsch surroundings (as well as some wonderful breakfasts) the Dar is a wonderful place to relax, shop, eat and chill while occasionally snatching a glance at the rich and sometimes wannabe famous folks parade by..... but under no circumstances snigger at the very rotund, barrel chested men in their Borat style thongs who are accompanied by their svelte, considerably younger &quot;daughters&quot;… maybe	
Sep 4 2007 	Dar Al Masyaf is superb	I took my two children for a week to Dar Al Masyaf. It was very, very good. They loved the water-taxis, the buggies, the buffet breakfast in the Arboratum, the many excellent restaurants, the free visits to Wild Waldi Water Park, the butlers Vivian and Mark, the chocolates on the pillows after turn-down each evening, the size of the Arabian Villas, the birds singing in the mornings, the white sand and warm seat of the Persian Gulf, and so on. I loved the space, the heat, the big main pool, the private Villa pool, the pool-side waiter service, the cold fruit kebabs, the cold face flannels, the stuffed dates, the mega-efficient butlers, the coffee and, basically, the sheer elegance and delivery of it all. It was all fabulous and pretty much flawless; a previous reviewer had written that they would struggle to find so many top restaurants outside of London; I live in Central London and I would totally agree with that sentiment; most of the restaurants on the resort surpassed the Charlotte St restaurants near me.The only drawback - seven days was not long enough. Next time, we plan to go for ten. I found the reviews on this site very useful when I researched the Dar Al Masyaf and Al Qasr, and I have to say IGNORE any negative reviews - the Dar really is something special.	
Sep 4 2007 	Awesome Hotel	The best hotel i have ever stayed in. It was a great experience. Excellent service, most amazing property. I would highly recommend people visiting Dubai especially on a holiday with children to stay at this hotel. The whole experence of commuting in Abra's (boats) within the hotel was fabulous. The rooms were big and beautiful. There is so much to do (Wild wadi, souk, burj al arab, children's club etc etc) within the Madinat jumerieh area that you can spend a few days in madinat itself.	
Sep 3 2007 	Total luxury	stayed here for 5 nights and loved every minute of it. You arrive through a palm tree lined road with gold horse statues and it totally takes your breath away. Got there at around 2am and we got upgraded to an arabian suite instead of the gulf summerhouse (which is closer to the beach) so i wasnt best pleased until i saw the rooms. Like having an apartment the size of it. And the bed! I miss that bed so much, it was heavenly. The butlers cant do enough to help you, 24 hours a day and especially the pool guys who run about bringing you drinks, cold towels, evian spray and food, fabulous. It was 5 mins walk to the Al Qasr for breakfast but we got so lazy and took advantage of the buggys on your doorstep, taking you anywhere. I would recommend this to anyone who just wants to chill out and be pampered for a few days and would definitly go again.	
Aug 10 2007 	Wild Horses . . . .	Earlier this year, I reported on our 2006 visit to the Mina A’Salam, and how much we enjoyed it. We returned to stay in the Dar Al Masyaf this year. We were not disappointed, it was a marvellous holiday.A few problems with the trip out, delayed flight, missed transfer, but eventually we arrived, having missed the first night. (Emirates direct next time)On arrival in the early morning at the Al Qsar hotel, we were welcomed and ushered through to the signing in desk, cold towels immediately on hand. The formalities were completed later in our own room by the butler. Soon we found ourselves being whisked by buggy to our Ocean View room.That short trip in the quiet morning, as the sun was rising, just washed away all the bad things so far. The colourful life size model camels, the winding lanes, and peaceful air, immediately made us feel good.We were introduced to our butler, and he showed us our room on the ground floor. The Dar Al Masyaf “villas” are deceiving to the eye. They look like solid villas from the outside, but through the cool lobby, you enter a two tier courtyard, with rooms on two floors. The courtyard is a haven of peace, and each courtyard has a unique water feature.The room was marvellous, with a small terrace with table and chairs, which led out to the manicured grass, a buggy track and then the beach. For some reason there were two king sized beds joined together, which produced the largest bed we have ever slept in. The bathroom was wonderful, with a bath tub the size of a small boat, and a large walk in shower.I will emphasise now that our room was wonderful, and very conveniently placed for many parts of the hotel complex. We have no complaints about the accommodation. We like to relax, soak up the sun and just chill out. The drawback was the pool we were nearest to. It was the main Al Qsar pool. All very nicely laid out, but a little too crowded, plus some families with young children. (Grumpy Old Man time !)We asked about an alternative room further back in the complex, where there are smaller, more private pools. We were shown a lovely room that overlooked the waterways, very quiet, and with a small pool about 20 metres away. The area was more relaxed altogether, and we loved it. The transfer was painless, with the butlers taking care of the luggage and clothes, some carefully transported on hangers. The room was identical to the Ocean View room, but instead overlooked the waterways, bliss.Eating is easy, we took breakfast either in our room, or in the Khaymat Al Bahar, which was a lovely place to start the day. In the evenings we found a few places in the Souk that were excellent, and very reasonable. Plus of course the wonderful fruit cocktails they serve up, we have personal favourites, and they are delicious. My one complaint in this area, is why the “pool” menu is not also available as a room menu, with all the cocktails included. If it had not been for our persistent butler, we would never have had our favourite cocktails in our room after 8pm.It was extremely hot this year, but pool staff serve up fresh fruit, fruit sorbets, and are always available with towels. This sort of holiday may not suit everyone, but as a wind down and for a recharge, with the option to take in a few sights, some shopping, and just feeling relaxed, you can’t beat it. We chatted to several people who were already regulars at the resort, some returning for their 2nd, 3rd or 8th visit ! Wonderful.Will we go again ? . . . . . . wild horses !	
Aug 2 2007 	Absolutely the best!	We have very high expectations for this resort when we booked after reading all the reviews on Trip Advisor. All our expectations were met and surpassed. This truly is an amazing place, the service is the best we've ever experienced, nothing is too much trouble and always met with a smile. The staff are all so friendly and happy it just makes your stay all the more enjoyable. Our butler even rescued a hair crisis when I had forgotten my styling products... he went to the souk and bought some hair mousse for me and charged it to our room. Now that's what I call service! We were in Villa 3 with an Ocean View and it was in the best location, short walk to the beautiful beach or gorgeous swimming pool. We also had an abra station just outside so could not have been more perfect. If you book in summer you can get some fab deals - our room was a third of the price that you'd pay for in high season. We ate at a few of the restaurants - we had the best steak we've ever had in Jambase. We also had a delicious meal at Zheng He's too. Even the beach and pool bar had good food and reasonably priced. We had a couple of issues with our final bill but they were dealt with promptly and efficiently just like everything else in our stay. We always rated the Shangri La in Sydney as our all time favourite as we stayed in the corner suite overlooking the harbour which was superb but the Dar Al Masyaf has just toppled it - just for the overall experience as well as quality of accommodation. It has set a new standard!	
Jul 28 2007 	AAAAAAMAZING	What a fab place. Having lived in Dubai for a year and seen it through different eyes!!! Traffic ahhhhhhhhh! Spending our last night here gave us a bunch of brilliant memories. We had an upgrade which meant our room was bigger and better than the flat we'd lived in!!Brilliant place, dhows are brill, staff friendly, good range of shops, restaurants and bars for different budgets.If you go to Dubai STAY HERE!	
Jul 25 2007 	Luxury stay	This is an absolute favourite of mine. Have stayed here twice and it exceeds expetations. From the minute you arrive to being offered arabic coffee and fresh dates, to being taken to your room which has it's own personal butler (who even offers to unpack your clothes!) it is fantastic! &quot;Happy hour&quot; in the afternoon where you can go to the lobby (which you share with 4 other villas) and have complimetary drinks and snacks. The bathroom is BEAUTIFUL, humungous and has fantastic amenities, such as shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, bath salts, bubble bath, nail kit and sewing kit. The tea and coffee facilities are fab- The coffee is proper filter coffee and comes with a decanter, and the teas are imported. There is a free bottle of red wine, as well as a basket of fruit and 2 gift boxes of date sweets. The beach is gorgeous and the pool is nice too.Breakfast is delicious, all in all this is an absolute pleasure to stay at!	
Jul 16 2007	Great Fun - summer rate = value for money	I've just returned to a 1 night, 2 day stay at Dar Al Masyaf and I LOVED it! Was travelling through Dubai on Emirates and used the Madinat's current summer offer of 888 AED plus tax for a room (randomly sellected by the Group) in any one of the Madinat's 3 hotel's. Think I struck gold with landing a room in Dar Al Masyaf. Absolutely no hassles for a lone female traveller in this complex, and the butler Jed was a star in Villa 17. The room was stunning (the bathroom is HUGE) and the villa setting was exellent with pricacy and easy access to the water taxi's &quot;arba's&quot; and golf buggies which were called by your butler to pick you up if you wanted to go anywhere in the Madinat. Only issues was with check-in. Arrived on a 6.30am flight but was not given my room till 2pm. Whilst I had access to the health club, and hotel facilities, after a night flight - all I really wanted was access to a bed!! However, I guess the reality of this is that all hotels face this problem of turn around of guests and the Madinat Jumeriah do try their very best to make an early arrival as bereable as possible.	
Jun 19 2007 	seventh time in 3 years	Dar al Masyef is the best hotel in dubai bar non ,i have just returned from my seventh trip with my eighth already booked for september.This is the first time i have ever had cause to complain , as 900 japanese had desended on the resort and it had been booked over capacaty this caused people to be upgraded to the burj or ocean view villas ,this was to be for 2 nights ,after 4 nights i was told by my butler we had to move to a summerhouce villa which i had booked,itold them i wanted to move straight after breakfast as not to spoil the rest of my day,i was told that was ok.I finaly ended up moving at 1.30.After complianing to the resort manager i was offered a complimentary meal with drinks and two bottles of wine ,this came to £150 which more than made up for the hassle we had had.The service we recieved in the second villa was fantastic.I had told the manager that had this been my first trip to the resort it would have been my last,but i think in this instance the staff are so keen to please that they will say anything to keep you happy ,when they should really say ,im sorry but you cant move villas until 2.30 then you know were you are and can work around it. .The resort is out of this world and when a problem did occur it was sorted post haste.	
Jun 14 2007 	2nd Visit and STILL exceeded expectations	We returned to the Dar Al Masyaf at the end of May to celebrate a 'significant birthday' with some family members. I had contacted the hotel to try and get us all in the same Villa, and the hotel confirmed that they would do their best. Well their best was more than good enough - we had three ground floor rooms in Villa One, close to the bridge to the Mina A'Salaam and the Souk. Perfect. Our rooms were ready for an early check in, and were spotless and well serviced. The hotel check in team and Villa concierges were helpful and attentive. We ate in several of the resort restaurants (Shimmers, Pier Chic, Noodle House and Zheng He) the food was superb, and reasonably priced, and the service was attentive. Given that we've now stayed for over nine nights, we've only duplicated twice, which gives an indication of the high standard of the restaurants. And it's telling that most people's holiday snaps will be photos of the resort... how many other resorts create THAT much of an impression? So, two trips, and impressed on both occasions... we'll be back!	
Jun 10 2007 	By far the best	Have just spent a wonderful weekend at Dar Al Masyaf, which is by far the best of the 3 hotels in the Madinat Jumeiarah Complex. We live just down the road in Abu Dhabi so are lucky in that we can get good weekend deals at hotels like The Burj &amp; The Emirates Palace but the service at Dar Al Masyaf was far better than at either of these more famous hotels which are much less friendly.The Madinat Jumeairah complex is huge &amp; we were worried that we wouldn't be able to escape the crowds but even though all 3 hotels were full, we hardly saw a soul at Dar Al Masyaf. Our Arabian Summerhouse was beautiful. Fabulous bathroom &amp; the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in but what makes this property so special is its staff. Our private butler couldn't have been more helpful &amp; within 10 minutes, everyone from the pool attendant to the waiting staff knew our names &amp; were genuinely friendly. We shared our pool with just 3 other villas although everyone else spent all their time either on the beach or in the huge main pool so we had ours to ourselves. Every evening we were offered free drinks &amp; nibbles before dinner &amp; we had no trouble booking our choice of restaurant - something others have had trouble with. The attention to detail was excellent - from chocolate dipped strawberries at bedtime to the constantly replenished fruit bowl. Mina a Salam &amp; Al Qasr were much busier &amp; but even there it was never crowded. If you get to the beach or main pool before 9am you will have it all to yourself. Do be careful of the jellyfish though as I had a couple of minor stings. Dar Al Masyaf is more expensive than the other two hotels but for a special stay it is definitely worth it. And although the Burj is a fabulous building after staying at Dar al Masyaf we wouldn't stay anywhere else in Dubai.	
Apr 29 2007	Treated like royalty The Spa was amazing	My husband and I have now been back three weeks and all we've done is rave to family and friends abaout our recent trip.We've travelled mainly through Europe and states for the last 15 years and we've found that what really lacks is consistent high level of service. The Staff at the summer houses in Madina Jumeirah were un faultable. We are now looking at booking already for November. I must say that the highligh of our visit was definately the Talise Spa. I had 3 visits and my husband 1.The reception staff were extremely knowledgable and friendly.The treatments we received were the most professional and perfectly delivered Spa experiences we have ever had. WOW.. I wish our budget stretched to having a full week of such bliss. Not cheap but well worth every penny...	
Apr 13 2007 	Lovely ( but large !) resort. Lived up all its claims.	Recently returned from a stay at the Dar Al Masyaf, which was our 2nd stay at Madinat Jumeirah. Previously stayed at the Mina A'salam. The Dar is best described as a group of buildings, each containing- I think- eight seperate rooms. The butler service consists of a &quot;concierge&quot; over all of those rooms. Our stay was great, with no complaints at all. Be aware tho, that when you leave the room, most of the time you will need to go either by abra, or buggy, to any other part of the resort. The complex itself is quite large, so, if you go to the beach for example, and need to return to the room - it's not a quick journey! Standard of accomadation is high.. rooms nicely furnished, huge bathrooms (superb rainfall type shower), and very comfy beds. Turn down service in the evening left a variety of animals created from towels, left on the bed! ( one night an elephant, the next a swan etc ) Nice touch!If you want to eat at the complex, and have a specific restaurant in mind ( there's lots of choice) it pays to book ahead ( the butler will do it!) otherwise you may find them fully booked. Having said that - there's plenty of places available. I would recommend &quot;ushna&quot; in the souk, for Indian type food, if that rocks your boat, and also, for choice, the &quot;arboretum&quot; buffet. We also had breakfast daily at the arboretum, never had to queue, and everything you want.If you fancy a trip out to the huge Mall of Emirates - be aware that the hotel runs a shuttle bus there and back, twice an hour. Strangely- this is not well advertised- you can get it at the Al Qasr entrance. Overall- I would heartily recommend the Dar Al Masyaf- the whole resort - whilst I accept is somewhat &quot;created&quot; is nevertheless tastefully done so.	
Apr 11 2007 	what a disappointment	We stayed in Arabian Summerhouse, booked for seven nights - reception told us after 5 days we had to leave because booking was only for 5 nights - no alternative. Only after we returned to UK having had to buy extra flights, did they admit it was their fault. Still trying to get compensation.	
Mar 29 2007 	excellent but artifical	We stayed 3 nights at an Arabian Summer house. In general excellent experience. The resort is really a small city and staying at the Summer house gives you the feeling of &quot;being in a small village, with a private pool etc..&quot; but then you can take a buggy or boat to go &quot;into town&quot; (= main pool, al quasr, souk...)I found the service very good in particular the buttler at our villa tried to go the extra mile.Breakfast at the main restaurant of Al Quasr was great. (top Asian hotel quality).Nice &quot;colonial feeling&quot; on the terrasse. We usually had breakfast between 8 and 9 a.m. and it was never crowded. Good service.The only potential downside could be the fact that this place is very artifical. So it lacks some character. However it looks and &quot;feels&quot; better in reality than it does on pictures. Probably the reason for it is the high quality of everything including the building materials. I am not sure if I would stay there again (there are so many interesting hotels in the world), however I definitly recommend to stay there once.	
Mar 25 2007 	dar al moscow	went with wife and 11 year old daughter, 3rd visit to dubai chose summer house as alternative to hotel room. beautiful resort, photos do not do it justice. water taxis great touch. now souk is open givesgreat choice of eating but as others have said book early, good shopping and definately adds to whole package. now the down side the resort was full- 95% russian who want to continue conducting businessby the pool on their mobile phones, i could have been a russian holiday or more likely dubai is now their no1 choice, it seems they have money to burn . and resort prices are now reflecting this. but still a special resort	
Mar 21 2007 	Fantastic Stay. Higly Recommended	Stayed in the Dar Al Masyaf for 10 nights. Stayed in A Gulf Ocean View Room which ment it overlooked the gulf which was amazing. Room Was extremely high standard, quite large, big bed, lounge area, terrace, and luzury bathroom with stand alone bath, big seperate shower, and dressing area.Of course minibar overpriced but good slection. Butler Service was great !! She/he really looked after us during our stay and also free HaPPY HOUR in the SUmmerhouse recpetion.Very Tidy resort, the boats to get around were good touch.SPa was out of this world, great relaxant.Souk was great , good atmosphere , had own starbucks.Breakfast was a nightmare most mornings do not suggest the AL Qasr as there is a long wait- although food was delicious.expensive stay. Staff moral could be improved. but netherless a truly magical hotel. Highy Recommended ,	
Feb 27 2007 	Fabulous recommend but.........	We have just returned from a great week in the Arabian summerhouses at the Dar al Masyaf. Overall the stay was great but they are overbooking in busy periods. We booked an arabian suite - only the ocean suites are more expensive. We arrived on the late Emirates flight and were greeted with a sheepish reception and told that we were being &quot;up graded&quot; to a suite in the Mina Salam. At 1.00am I wasn't going to argue but I was well aware that this wasn't an upgrade even though it was still a fabulous room. After a determined conversation with the reception staff we finally got to see what we had booked and were moved after 2 nights of our stay. It didn't spoil the trip but make sure you reconfirm everything before travel.Apart from that the resort was as perfect as ever - staff service perfect.Make sure you reserve at least a couple of restaurants before arrival as they do get booked up.The best summerhouses in my opinion are numbered 1 - 4.We'll be back.	
Jan 19 2007 	Fantastic	We stayed in an Ocean front summerhouse. The whole experience was absolutely top drawer, from service to food to weather to cleanliness.I am a regular 5* Hotel person and this resort is up there with the best of them. Pointless writing more, I will merely run out of superlatives!Will I go again? - at the drop of a hat!	
Jan 16 2007 	great stay but bad service......	We stayed at the Dar al Masyaf Arabian summerhouses for new year and had an incredible experience. Although, the service was extremely poor and slow due to the high volumes staying at the hotel that particular week, the New Year celabrations made up for this. They were phenominal!As this was our first stay at the Madinat Jumeriah we made a few mistakes, for instance booking the restaurants at the start of the week is a must and I think that having to get the abras or buggys was a little inconvenient at times therefore, I would stay at Al Qasar next time.Overall, this hotel is fantastic but the service could do with improvement.	
Jan 8 2007 	Absolutely fab!!!!	What can I say that hasnt been said already....just an absolutely fantastic place to visit....spoil yourself.....outstanding service ....had lovely meal at the thai restuarant and staff do their best to seat you outside on the verandahs...if not too hot!!!....My fav place in the city is the Boardwalk at the Dubai creek golf club mainly because I like sitting outside and its right on the creek with fab views at night and nice buzzy atmosphere...not expensive either.....also found Teatros v good in the Towers Rotana hotel.....thats of course if u can tear yourself away from the Madinat and all its restaurants ....but I do love popping to the city in the evening.....also another fanatastic place for food (but no alcohol served) is Into the Blue up at the Marina.....u pick your fish or seafood and they cook it however u want.....just lovely and again ...not expensive ...mainly because no alcohol is served in this area......so if u really like your drink then buy it on the way thru the airport ....take ur whole allowance in and sit on your balcony and enjoy!!!!! Happy hols!	
Dec 5 2006 	Again it blew us away !!	We again visited this phenomenal resort after our first visit last year. This time we stayed in Villa 2 which was superb (again!) Everything about this resort is 10 star and we will definitely return next year. The weather in Sept was far more bearable than in July so I am looking forward to our return trip. I cannot wait. Possibly the best hotel I have ever stayed in WORLDWIDE!	
Dec 3 2006 	Amazing hotel	Booked at the last minute and got a great rate for a private room in a villa.The check-in process was not the smoothest as they did not seem to have a twin room and wanted us (two female friends) to take a double room. After a complimentary drink and about an hours wait, we got shown to our room in Villa 22.WOW!The room was fantastic. The beds were huge with plenty of pillows, the view overlooking the waterway was amazing and the bathroom was so large it just wasnt true.The idea of a private butler seemed good, but to be honest, they were a bit hit and miss. One was excellent and two were awful. Instead of making our stay smoother, they created chaos and confusion!We had trouble getting a booking for our restaurant of choice as it was (a) weekend, (b) rugby 7's and (c) National Day. If you know what restaurant you want, it pays to book in advance. I think that some of the more popular restaurants such as Pai Thai should hold some tables for hotel guests.Anyway, first night we went to Pisces (fish restaurant) and had the set menu which was amazing although the service was a little slow. The food was delicious and well thought out and the accompanying wines really worked well.Second night we got a table in Jam Base which is a jazz bar and again, the food was amazing. The service was superb and the live band started out well but became a bit &quot;cruise ship&quot; so we left and went to Bar Kooba for cosmopolitans.We really enjoyed the buffet breakfasts which we ate in the Al Qasar hotel. The selection was brilliant and catered for every taste.Unfortunately it rained during our stay which meant that the abras (boat transport) didnt run and the queue for the golf buggies was sometimes really long and late at night was pretty non-existent. So much so, that one group of guests hijacked their own buggy and drove off!The villa we stayed in was lovely and well thought out. We had a room on the waterway and shared a pool between 3 villas in total. The evening sundowners were lovely and it was nice to mix with other guests.Checking out of the hotel proved difficult. Having been told we could have a late checkout, this was then denied so we suddenly had an hour to pack up and leave. Having asked for our bill to be ready first thing in the morning, reminding them when we left for breakfast and when we returned, we still had to wait nearly 3 hours for them to sort it out and when we did finally get it it was wrong! It took 3 people to finally get our bill ready which, for an automated system, seemed excessive.Overall though, this is a fantastic hotel which I cannot recommend highly enough. It worked as a girls weekend away, would be perfect for a group of people and be amazing for a romantic break or honeymoon. The food was top class, but book ahead.	
Oct 24 2006 	Magical place	Stayed for a week at the beginning of Oct. Our first time in Dubai so didn't know quite what to expect altho we do travel a lot and had high expectations with everything we had heard. Without boring the pants off you there's not much I can add to all the fab reviews already left. This place is fantastic so go and have a look and you won't be disappointed! Not cheap but fantastic value for money when you compare the quality of the rooms and service. Stayed in a beautiful ocean front villa very close to a water taxi station with it's own butler who organised everything and was very friendly. Good quality bars and restaurants all within the complex and nearby hotels. Not a crane in sight so don't worry about the building. Beautiful warm sea and very clean beach. Great shopping at the shopping malls close by. I can't wait to go back definitely on my hit list for winter sun.	
Oct 15 2006 	Fantastic!	We have returned from what was one of the best holidays we have had. We have stayed in Dubai on many occasions, but this was our first stay at the Dar al masyaf. We stayed in the Gulf Summer house (Villa 3) This suited us perfectly as we were with our two young children and it meant that we could walk everywhere rather than putting the double pushchair on the abras or golf buggies. From the minute we arrived the staff were just so friendly and nothing was too much bother for them. The butlers in the villas went out of their way to help with everything. The room was fantastic and very large with a wonderful walk in bathroom, dressing room and seperate toilet, everything was always tidied up for us when the room was serviced and we couldn't fault it in any way. We had breakfast at the pool restaurant and there was everything that you could possibly want. We used Sinbads kids club every day, which is an enclosed pool with loads of different things for them to play with and also an indoor play area and the girls loved it here, the staff were so friendly and looked after them so well, because our children were under four we had to have a babysitter to be with them, (which was such good value). There is a seperate Kids menu (which all food and drink for under 4's is free) but it was not expensive anyway and the quality was great. The only problem we did find with having the pushchair is that there is a lot of steps, but they do provide you with a booklet that show the pram routes around the complex. and the golf buggies take you anywhere you want There are so many restaurants to choose from, but we would recommend The Meat Co in the Madinat Souq for the best steak we have ever had and also Pai Thai.I also used the six senses spa which was very relaxing and so peaceful and the treatment I had was the best i have ever had. We have to thank other reviewers telling us about free drinks in the evening as it was something that was not promoted too much, and other people we met did not know about it, but a nice idea and gets you talking to other guests. The Al Qasr pool is fantastic and you feel really safe as there are so many lifeguards. We had a truly fanstatic stay and will definately be going back next year as we had the most relaxing stress free holiday we have ever had. Final piece of advice, look out for food and drinks promotions in the magazines that are in the room as you can really save some money as drink is generally quite expensive in Dubai.	
Oct 9 2006 	perfect	I have had the fortune of travelling all over the world and stayng in many 5 star hotels, but this one is the tops. From arriving at your villa by boat, to the attentive butler service. You are spolit for choice as far as bars and restaurants are concerned, we were there for 10 nights and ate in a different one every night and could have stayed another 10 nights and done the same. This isnt a cheap place to stay, but I wouldnt stay anywhere else in Dubai. There is no building work near this complex which makes it even better, considering all the building work that is happening. There is free transport to both wild wadi and to the mall of the emirates throughout the day. If you like skiing you must go to the ski dome in the mall of the emirates its cheap and a great way to spend a couple of hours out of the sun.if you are thinking of going to dubai and stayin here, just book it you wont regret it. Check out [---] they do great discounted rates.	
Aug 31 2006 	Incredibly Decadent	Never have I felt so looked after. The service is amazing at this hotel! Upon arrival we were personally greeted and guided to our room, where our friendly butler could not do enough to help. The rooms are well furnished and extremely spacious with a luxurious bathroom the size of a bedroom in many hotels. The beds are incredibly comfortable and the sheets soft. A golf buggy or boat takes you to the delicious breakfast with a view of the Burj Al Arab dominating the skyline. Complimentary fruit kebabs by the pools were appreciated. Afternoon tea at Al Qasr lobby a must. Spa was a great experience. As an integrated resort you might think that it will be a contrived experience but this place pulls it off by going all out so is the perfect place to stay in Dubai. The only downside was that they could not do a late checkout as we wanted to stay as long as possible!	
Aug 27 2006	"Paradise found"	&quot;Absolutely magnificent!&quot;We have just returned from a 12 day holiday in Dubai. The weather was very hot getting up to 43 degrees most days, and humidity high with a warm during the night. Some days there was a breeze, but not enough to cool you down. When we got out of the airport we thought we had made a mistake, the heat took our breath away, but the next day we found we were soon accustomed to it.We stayed in a Dal-Al Masyaf ocean view Villa. The villa's sit in a brilliant position directly on the beach. A pathway/causeway, seperates the villa from the beach. The path either walked or by buggy eventually meanders to the Burg Al Arab. The resort itself, is part of the Madinat group of hotels which means luxury, where ever you go to. Guests are able to use any of the facilities at the Mina- A-Salam, and Al Qsar and the Jumeriah Beach hotels. The resort is huge. All of the hotels are absolutley luxurious. The Al-Qsar and Mina a Salam is surrounded by a waterway. The hotels have about 30 resturants between them. You can get around the resort by taking an &quot;Abra&quot; a small eletric powered boat, or a golf buggy. During the day, cold hand towels and fruit sticks are hounded out to guests around the pool and beach.Connecting to the hotels is a Souk, full of very quaint shops, and fully air conditioned. People are very freindly and nothing is too much trouble for any of the staff, who are well trained. The people we spoke to are happy in their roles.All of the shopping malls are fantastic, however I found most goods simelar in price to the UK, even though it's is supposed to be tax free!! Sales items are the best buys obviously, most malls have reduced goods. The Emirates Mall has a 7 storey Ski Slope with real snow, the most amazing thing to see. The slopes are visable though a glass wall. This is 5 minutes by taxi.The food in the resturants is very good, even if you are dining casually. I recommend seafood, which is caught fresh each day and truly delicious. A reasonable meal will cost in the region of £50-60 for two people. Most returatnts include gratuity of 10%.We loved the Koubar Bar in the Al Qsar it overlooked the Burg, and Jam Base a Jazz club, in the Souk. Breakfast is buffet style and there is nothing you cannot get.The sea is crystal clear and like taking a warm bath.It is our second time in Dubai, but first time at this resort, it is certain we will be returning again next year. We could not fault anything. We are fairly well travelled and have not found service and quality, anywhere else the same.We loved it . Lincolnshire	
Aug 17 2006 	World Class service	I have stayed in first class hotels in many different countries but this hotel surpasses anyhing I have experienced. It really sets a new standard and has probably spoiled me for anywhere else. We were picked up at our gate in the airport, escorted through the airport by a hotel representative and then transferred by chauffered Bentley to the Hotel. On arrival the staff came out and greeted us by name, whisked our luggage away then provided us with a comfortable seat, cold towels and cold drinks, whilst they checked us in. We arrived 4 hours before our designated check in but our room was available straight away. We stayed in a gulf room which was right on the beach with butler service. The butler service is non intrusive but anything you ask is responded to immediately and they will even print details of things you wnat to do or places you want to visit from the Internet. We took advantage of the cocktails on on the first night, but on subsequent nights we were not there, however our butler laid out our gin and tonics for our consumption later. The turndown service includes niceties such as laying out your slippers at the side of the bed and providing a glass and a bottle of water for each person at the bedside as well as the usual chocolates etc. We tended to breakfast at the restaurant beside the pool, however note that bacon products are not provided in the public restaurant although I noticed that they were available on room service. Service by the main Al Qasr pool is first class, bucket of ice with your bottled water, ice cold towels, fruit kebabs, face sprays, sunglasses cleaned, you really do feel spoiled. There are 42 restaurants in the resort and cover everything from fast food to top quality food. The Al Qasr has a lovely relaxed atmosphere in the evening with candles in the corridor and incense burners, if you need to find anything there is always a member of staff handy, who will escort you where you need to go. All in all this hotel really does bend over backwards to make you fell as if you are somewhere special.	
Aug 1 2006 	Wow what a place for some serious spoiling!	Returned yesterday from 3 nights in this resort staying in an Arabian Delux summerhouse, a surprise weekend from my partner because I was 40 on Friday.Everything about this place is truly exceptional from the ice cold towells and cool facial mists of the beach butlers to the man who comes and services your room each evening, turning down the bed, leaving small chocolates and even in my case rearranging my hair clips that I had scattered around the bathroom in my hurry to get ready that evening....attention to detail in everything is at the core here and makes for a truly magical experience.  Our butler was very helpfull, booking water taxis or restaurants and when they found out it was my Birthday, delivered a cake and flowers to my room. Every evening between 6 and 8 there is a complimentary drink to be had, served in your courtyard but this is not widely promoted which is a shame as it was a lovely way to start our evening. Pisces was the best place we ate in, and ,in the top end of restaurants on offer, gave the best value. We spent a day at the Wadi water park, hotel guests get in for free, lots to do for all ages and plenty of sun loungers to rest between the rides.All in all we had a fantastic time and would love to return, due to the amount to do here you really need longer time than we had. Also with so much on site we never managed to leave the complex.  My only grumble for want of a better word, was the lack of basic information we recieved when we arrived. Had to ask alot of questions of our butler about where to go for breakfast etc and other basic info. Got to hotel at 8.30 am and could not access our room till 2.00. We used the time to wander round the souk but it could have been better used if we had been told we could still access our luggage (which had been promptly whisked away) and used all the facilities. We only knew about the pre dinner drinks etc from reading previous reviews on this site. A word of warning...If you want to go to the Burj for dinner or use the cocktail bar you need to book as soon as you arrive, otherwise you face disappoinment as I did when you find its fully booked on your last night.. Oh well, just means we'll have to return! lol	
Jul 20 2006 	Beautiful Resort	Wonderful resort - beautiful spacious rooms. The only criticism was the view from our balcony - a lot of rooms had much better ones of the waterways and abras. They tried to help with a move but the others we were shown were not much better. The gulf suites are closer to the beach but some of the arabian suites seems just as lovely and getting an abra or buggy to the beach is probably no harship. The resort felt quiet due to the each cluster of villas having its own pool. The facilities at the other hotels and souk were top notch. Had a meal at the al Maharara in the Burj al Arab - great novelty of the &quot;submarine ride&quot;, lovely table and aqaurium but so-so average meal. Seafood platter with seven different style of sauces over the seafood - felt a bit like a chinese takeaway at a gold plated price. Felt very been there, ticked a box. Had a great afternoon at the Wadi Water Park together with about 500 American soldiers on their weekend pass - wall to wall testosterone and muscle.	
Jul 14 2006	Fantastic service	We stayed at the Dar al Masyaf for 5 nights at the beginning of July. It's an amazing resort, if you can allow yourself to relax past the 'fakeness' of the setting (a la Disney, mentioned below, but not quite as pink/ plastic!). And if you can, it's well worth it - there is a certain romance and relaxation to being transported everywhere by abra (water taxi).The service is impeccable - understated and attentive. The resort is immaculate. The selection of restaurants is great and the food is very good quality. We'd highly recommend Pisces restaurant for top class food and service.The spa is excellent and words cannot describe how comfortable the bed is. We toyed with the idea of leaving all our clothes behind so we could bring the pillows back!I noticed someone mentioned before that they were able to haggle in the Souk on the resort, we tried it and got nowhere (maybe just our approach?) - but they didn't seem very receptive to negotiation!I would definitely go back and would definitely recommend the Dar al Masyaf.	
Jun 24 2006	Exceptional!	Definitely the best hotel we have ever stayed in. Rooms are elegant and spacious with sumptuous bathrooms. The beds were definitely the most comfortable I have ever slept in. The butler service is friendly and highly efficient - all restaurant recommendations made by the butlers were spot on . The happy hour was mentioned on our arrival and was attended every evening. It was definitely more of a cocktail hour than happy hour - and nice (but not intimidating) to sit around and get to know new people from all over the world. It was my birthday when I was there - a surprise cake and red roses were delivered to the room and all the butlers as well as the staff at the restaurant went out of their way to ensure that I had a magical day. Breakfast in the Arboretum was exceptional. Pisces, Al Hambra (expecially the guitar duo) and Pai Thai are definite restaurant recommendations. Two top tips - if you are enjoying your stay and you think you will return then get a Sirus card from the butlers - all your room spend will start working towards the loyalty points and benefits on the Sirius card (we knew nothing about the card but were recommended to do this by another guest). Also, we assumed that the prices at the Souk at the Madinat Jumeriah would not be negotiable - we were wrong - no real haggling required. Prices will drop on request - up to 40% on some jewellery we purchased. We loved it - and are already planning our next trip -	
Apr 3 2006	Best hotel i've stayed at!	I stayed at the dar al masyaf in the easter of 2005, we arrived in the morning and got there at about 10am, we we in a gulf summer house, these are better than arabian ones as they are set back into the complex where as the gulf villas are beach front. Rooms are exquiste. The best bathroom i have ever seen, the largest bath i have ever been in. You can lie out flat without touching either end! all marble and a stunning walk in rain shower. Service was fantastic with fruit skewers brought often when lying on the beach. private butler service akes care of everything, golf buggys take you where you want and take you to wild wadi and Burj al Arab if you so wish. This was honestly the best hotel experience i have ever had. the disneyesk features and surroundings are spot on without being to in your face. Food was excellent, i thought breakfast was great with everything you could ever want. This is a true Five Star hotel.	
Mar 24 2006	No comparison - the BEST hotel in Dubai!	My husband and I stayed here in July 2005, but have recently stayed in Abu Dhabi and went back for a peep. This truly is an outstanding hotel and deserves a review! Our hotel room (house!) was gigantic! We had three beautiful balconies,dining area,study, sitting room, dressing area, a hotel room size bathroom plus a guest bathroom, and the largest/highest bed in the world. The rooms are serviced twice daily with all the normal extras you would expect, slippers at the side of your bed, chocolates, happy dream messages etc etc etc. All the rooms/houses are reached by 'arbras'. These are great for a look around the whole complex as there are two other hotels and a lovely arabic style mall - 'Madinhat Souk'. (On our second visit we went to 'Mall of the Emirates' - this is a shoppers paradise and shoe lovers dream. It also has an amazing ski dome. Welll worth a visit!!!!) There is no shortage of places to eat, I think there are about 40 dining options throughout the complex! There is a great cocktail bar in the Al Qasr - highly reccomeded but highly toxic with a the pipe fumes too!!!!!Dar Al Masyaf is definatly not disney! We had an evening at the Burj Al Arab, now that is Disney at its tackiest (overly opulent)! The food at the 'disco ceiling' sky view restuarant is amazing. They messed up our order and sang happy birthday to me - although it was not my birthday - then took the cake off me re-lit the candles and took it straight to the next table! The manager found out and they gave us hermes perfume and aftershave, a personal tour and a yummy chocolate cake to apologise! I thought it was quite funny!!!The pool and beach areas were very quiet. The service on the beach was outstanding - drinks never got warm, fruit kebabs delivered fresh every couple of hours as well as the 'Evian' man in charge of spraying hot bodies! bliss!	
Mar 22 2006	Wonderful	Spent 6 nights in an Arabian Summer House. This was the best place we have ever stayed. The attention to detail, the magnificent service, the wonderful food, everything made it a truely memorable holiday.The happy hour in the villa is not well attended - maybe not promoted enough - but we were there for a few nights and even drank champagne!The room was well serviced, spacious, quality tolietries, great bed linen (changed every day, towels twice a day, just everything you could possibly need.We will definitely be returning.	
Mar 22 2006	Very luxurious	This hotel is absolutely fantastic.It is the height of luxury, and would recommend anyone to stay at the Dar Al Masyaf over Al Qasr of the Mina A Salam - the Dar Al Masyaf is a selection of villas, giving you total privacy, peace and quiet, but with all the benefits of being of staying in a large hotel. We stayed in an Arabian summerhouse which I think are nicer than the Gulf villas as no-one walked past where we were staying. Every villa has its own butler (who was very informative about what went on in the hotel) and every three villas has its own swimming pool - every time we sat by it we had it all to ourselves! Very luxurious, considering there was a pool attendent to bring us lunch and drinks too. It is quite like Las Vegas/Disneyland, but to be honest that just adds to the fun of it all.The service at this hotel is second to none, and it really is a luxury break. I can't wait to go back...but I might have to re-mortgage my house before I do.	
Mar 5 2006	Disney does Dubai - yes but still fantastic!	We arrived at 10am to pouring rain, thunder and lightning! Our room was ready however, so we had some respite. The resort itself has to be seen to be believed - a massive creation of Arabian style buildings and waterways. We stayed in the Gulf Summerhouse. Beware - this does not mean you get a Gulf View, it's just that these are closer to the beach. The rooms are extremely high standard, the most comfortable bed ever, beating Four Seasons even. Bathrooms luxurious with as many toiletries as you need. Don't bother taking any - everything is here. We were told about the happy hour in the villa on arrival - it seems other reviews say this was not mentioned. We enjoyed great butler service, although they were a bit pushy to book restaurant reservations for the whole of our trip (I think they get a bonus). Having said that, the restaurants were very busy and you do need to book ahead. Best restaurant - Pisces, fine dining seafood, really good. Meat Co is good for steaks, Ushnas is a great contemporary Indian. Pierchic had a boring menu, they depend on the location for attracting diners. Breakfast was better in the main hotel Al Qasr, the beach restaurant was a bit hit or miss. Yes, it is a bit Disney does Dubai, but there is something here for everyone and we had a great time. Would definitely go back. The main downside is the time it takes to get into Dubai for the souks etc. The building work means traffic is crazy morning and early evenings so time your journey. We usually stay at Le Royal Meridien - we visited during our stay and not only is it having work done in the hotel grounds, it is now completely surrounded by tower blocks, cranes and noise/dirt. Dar Al Masyaf was on oasis by comparison!	
Mar 1 2006	Excellent certainly want to go back and thanks you Dar Elmasyaf	My daughter and I booked there for 2 days and three days at the Mirage just in case we did not like it. As we arrived, the hotel upgraded us from the palace to the Dar el Masayef. And we got the room immediately though it was 9 am. The room was fabulous, it has a sitting area, a pool near by, the indoor pool is massive, there is also a gigantic outside pool as well. The service is heavenly. They treat you very gently and in a very professional friendly way. The butler is so caring.The only thing is that the hotel offers you plenty of things and unless you read the brochure and get it no one let you know, for example the happy hour in the house with free drinks. The breakfast is the usual thing, nothing spectacular.There are plenty of places to eat and shop. The shuttle service from the hotel to the shopping are was not on time and a bit chaotic but taxis are there and much easier to take.We loved the hotel and wished in retrospect that we stayed there the whole time.The room facilities are superb, the toiletteries are heavenly, the mattress is comfortable and new. This is a Four Seasons hotel standard and believe me I know what a good hotel is. Definetly I would stay there again and it is worth every penny.Thank you staff in house 22.Wafaa &amp; Lara [aged 12]	
Feb 19 2006	Disneyland	Brilliantly conceived and executed hotel resort that reminded me of a Disney style hotel. The place is very well run with loads of food outlets of various standards but offers no sense of privacy and real luxury. As a commercial venture the hotel is a great success because it fits the right mould for families with small kids who want to sleep 3/4 to a room. For those who want a little more luxury(the hotel is expensive) and a little privacy go elsewhere. Dubai is booming, the roads are becoming very busy at times, there is so much building work going on it reminded me of Shanghi but only more insane. China has over 1 billion population, Dubai has around 1 million!At some stage when they have completed the Palm, Jebel Ali, The World, Dubailand and of course the worlds tallest building it will be worth revisiting!Until it all quietens down the place is best left to families with kids under 14. For them it is very good.	
Feb 7 2006	The most amazing place	We stayed in an Arabian deluxe Summer house with our two children. The service, surroundings and hotel are outstanding. This was our second visit to the Madinat Jumeirah Resort and it just gets better. The staff can't do enough. The weather for January was perfect and the kids had a fantastic time. Don't be put off by other reviews - this is still a family resort,the kids club was great, the huge Al qasr pool amazing, and the lifeguards watch the children all the time. THe Wild Wadi water park is next door. You can get free transport via the water taxis and a golf buggy. The waiters are great with the kids. We didn't experience one family where the children were distruptive or annoying. The kind of people who visit here are not the kind you get in spanish resorts. The only kind of &quot;bling&quot; on display here is the real thing. Make sure you visit the Ski Dome at the Emirates Mall - Snow in Dubai whatever next!! If you want to experience a truly 5 star experience in the most beautiful of surroundings, with great food and service visit this hotel. If you want the european &quot;bling&quot; then go next door to the Jumeriah Beach hotel.	
Jan 24 2006	ULTIMATE LUXURY	I stayed in an Ocean Gulf villa by the beach for 4 nights while celebrating my wifes 40th birthday.Pure and ultimate luxury.A place to really chill and enjoy excellent service from your &quot;butler&quot; for whom no request is too much bother.Your transport around the resort is by either golf buggy or abra (water taxi)and everytime arrived in minutes after ordering through our butler.Enjoyed the 6pm to 8pm free drinks period every night in the coutyard of the villa complex incl champagne.Enormous choice of restaurants however you can get stung with the cost of wine.Would most definately recommend for time to chill or with children.Hope to return shortly.	
Jan 8 2006	excellent	Stayed at this hotel in July 05 for one week, there is nothing negative to say, it really is a beautiful place and very hard to beat, except for the Al maha desert resort, i cannot add anymore to other comments only you will love it, i had a waterways view and was more than happy with this choice it was cheaper than the gulf view.Make sure you experience cocktail hour as it is not heavily promoted 6pm -8pm , in the cooler months sit outside in the courtyard with your glass of champers.Jumeriah really does tick all the boxes.	
Dec 26 2005	Wonderful hotel	We spent 5 nights at Dar Al Masyaf in November with our young son and enjoyed it immensely. It was easily one of the best hotels we have stayed in anywhere in the world. You arrive in Al Qasr and are taken by boat to your villa. These are like Moroccan Riads with 9 rooms and a private butler, set amongst beautiful garens and waterways. Three villas share a private pool but there are also large pools within Madinat Jumeirah to visit. The rooms are beautiful and large with huge bathrooms. Service is impeccable and the private butlers for each villa can't do enough to help. The hotel is child friendly and has an amazing kids club with covered pool. Lifeguards were everywhere. At night the butler will call you a golf buggy or boat to take you to one of over 50 restaurants. Pad Thai was our favourite. The waterways within the resort give way to harbours and quays lined with bars and restaurants, giving an almost Mediterranean feel. The beach is very clean and has great service, and unlike many other Dubai hotels, there ia almost no construction nearby. The sea and pools were warm in November. Overall, we had an amazing holiday and can't wait to return. I would say this is definitely one of the best hotels in the world.	
Dec 13 2005	Dar Al Masyaf - Perfection!	My wife and myself have just returned from a 4 night stay in an Ocean Deluxe Villa. We have previously stayed at the JBH and had high expectations, they were all met and exceeded.The Villas are spacious, luxurious, tasteful, the butlers welcoming, friendly and helpful. We found every aspect of the Madinat complex to be faultless. All meals including pool snacks were extremley good. Our favourite restaurant is Pierchic (Book early to aviod disappointment).We found the best mall was Mall of the Emirates, Ski Dubai an experience, Arabian Adventures desert tour great fun.All in all an amazing break. Go you will not be disappointed.	
Aug 13 2005	Jumeirah International Hospitality at its best	We are regular visitors to Dubai and over the past 4 years have had the opportunity to experience a number of its superb hotels. When you are staying 5 Star Dubai Style its difficult to find fault with any of the Hotels, but we have found there is a diffrence and that is staying at a Jumeirah International Property. We have stayed at The Emirates Towers which is sophisticated and elegant at The Jumeirah Beach Hotel which has impresive rooms, good service but tends to be busy with families. We were therefore delighted to see that durring 2002 building works were well under way for The Madinat Jumeirah Resort which looked like it would surpass any other accommodation on offer in Dubai (The Burj Al Arab excluded, although not everybody's cup of tea)We were lucky enough to stay at The Mina Al Salam durring its first week of opening back in Sept 2003 and it met all our expectations and more, excellent rooms great food and first class service. Whilst there we were shown over the building works which were to become, The Souk, The Al Qasar and The Dar Al Masyaf Villas. Durring late 2004 and earlier this year we stayed at The Al Qasar and found this to be even more luxurious than The Mina Al Salam, the service was friendly and the pool outstanding. Having now fallen for the charm of the Madiant Resort we decided back In August to treat ourselves to a stay in one of the Arabian Summer houses, we were not dissapointed. The price is a little more than using the Executive Club Floor in The Al Qasar but the additional cost is well worth it. The room we had was very genorous in size and featured a sitting area and a seperate dressing room with a huge en-suite bathroom, we also had a large balcony overlooking the waterways. The rooms follow the theme of the resort being decorated with a traditional Arabic style using some of the finest materials and providing a luxurious yet homely feel. We enjoyed the 24hour service from a team of butlers who couldnt do enough for you, they were friendly and professional and made the stay even more special. Each Summer house has the use of a Private Swimming pool which has a lifeguard on duty most of the day. The pool has a number of recliners/ parasol's and complimentary towels are provided for you, your butler will even serve you drinks poolside if you ask. You have the use of all the other facilities within the Madinat Resort and the use of the Main Pool shouldnt be missed, its the largest poll in the UAE, the Pool Butlers are friendly and enthusiastic and amazingly remembered us from our previous stays. If its First Class Sevice, First Class Food and an unforgetable Holiday you want, look no further than Madinat Jumeirah it has it all. Ps The buffet breakfasts at all the Hotels are mind blowing (although not cheap) will set you up for the day.	
Aug 9 2005	The Best	Just returned from Dar Al Masyaf- what a fantastic resort.We stayed five nights in the arabian summer villasvery friendly, extremely professional staffAnd very luxurious surroundings.recommend to anyone.Far better than tacky Berg al arab	
Jul 24 2005	Wow!	Just Returned from a 5 day stay at the Dar al Masyaf Villa's in the Madinat Jumeirah Resort and i am already planning my return. This is truly the best hotel in Dubai. The rooms, service and surroundings are uncomparable to any other hotel around. We had been given royal treatment and i was lovin it. I have stayed at Jumeirah Beach hotel nextdoor, but this is truly on another level. The Place is a true wonder, Check it out.	
Jul 15 2005	Brilliant! Fabulous! Luxurious!	This holiday was fantastic, my boyfriend and I stayed for 10 days in one of the summer houses (villa) at the Dar Al Masaf. The Room was very spacious and luxurious and had everything you needed, from shower gels, conditioners, dressing gowns, beach towels, beach bags, slippers, tea making facilities, hairdryer etc. We had fresh fruit and water free to our villa everyday and a 24 hour butler service who was there to book reservations bring ice etc.The massive walk in bathroom / dressing room had 2 built in wardrobes with a big stand alone oval bath and a huge shower. The Dar Al Masyaf was the best place to stay as you were next to the beach and also right near the gigantic swimming pool and a bridge away from the souk. The food in most of the restaurants in the souk were great especially The Meat Co which we eat in on the last night, we had wished we had eat in there earlier as would have probably eaten in there a few more times! I would recommend at the airport if you want to drink to buy alcohol at the airport as the mini bar was very expensive. Also if you like a decent cup of tea also take your own tea bags. If you go to the waterpark make sure you get a voucher from your butler as this gives you discount into the park and free towels. One trip we went on was the Desert bedonin safari which we booked through Gulf Ventures. The tour guide was absolutely hilarious and made our night on the 4x4 drive through the sand dunes.Catch the free shuttle bus from main reception in Al Qsar to all local shoping centres, souk etc. Karama is very very cheap for up to date DVD's and fake bags, watches etc. A good tip for bartering is at the Karama pay 50% of their original price, at the gold souk a good price is about 70% of their original price. In dubai you can wear what you want anywhere but ladies be prepared to get some stares if you do wear short skirts and revealing tops when not around the beach or pool.Also last but not least, if your like me and worry about Mosquitoes and getting bitten, I did see Mozzie's but didn't get bitten once and didn't wear any repellent	
Jul 7 2005	Absolutely phenomenal !!!		
Jun 16 2005	Excellent Service considering size of resort		
May 16 2005	a mixed bag		
May 14 2005	Best Resort Ever!!!		
May 6 2005	Luxurious but not "Boutique".		
Mar 1 2005	Fantastic Resort		
Feb 26 2005	A severe let down.		
Jan 16 2005	Best place I have ever stayed		
Jan 6 2005	Wow!!!		
Dec 12 2004	Superlative Service		
Nov 18 2009 	Herrlich!		
Oct 26 2009 	??????????????		
Oct 19 2009 	Hervoragendes Hotelkann man nur empfehlen.		
Sep 7 2009 	??????		
Aug 16 2009 	????????????		
Aug 14 2009 	Exklusiver Familienurlaub im wunderschöner Umgebung in Arabischen Stil		
Jul 29 2009 	Schade		
Jul 28 2009 	Danke allen - Ihr seid nicht vergessen!		
May 18 2009	Anlage immer noch top Service nachgelassen		
Apr 16 2009 	Klasse Anlage bescheidener Service		
Apr 3 2009 	Parfait !		
Mar 24 2009	Dar Al Masyaf: l'Eden di Dubai		
Mar 22 2009 	???????????????		
Mar 16 2009	Das vielleicht schönste Hotel Dubai´s		
Feb 1 2009 	????????????????		
Nov 27 2008 	Dar al Masyaf da favola		
Oct 14 2008 	???????????????(#^.^#)		
Oct 5 2008 	Superbe :-)		
Aug 27 2008 	Unvergesslicher Urlaub / 1001 Nacht		
Dec 12 2007 	meraviglioso		
Oct 13 2007 	lange nicht mehr einen so schönen Urlaub gemacht		
