Nov 1 2009 	Hardly Imperial!	We stayed in a suite of the hotel. The room was quite clean and so were the bathrooms. The terrible thing about the hotel was the loud music from the bar downstairs - which would go on till early into the morning. Also - the bar appeared to be a pickup point and the crowd did not look great. I would definetely not recommend this hotel for families but if you are a bunch of guys looking out for fun in Dubai and dont want to pay too much for acco - you may wish to consider this hotel. And if you do end up staying here, i recommend that you stay in the upper floors - as the thumps of the music reverberate much less.	
Jun 19 2009	Great hotel if u are a party animal	All rooms are suites in this hotel so you do get a huge area..Thats where the good thing stops..The water in the toilet is hot all day, housekeeping told me its because of the weather, cant take a shower which is a bother in dubai which is in the desert. There are a couple fo discos-pickup joints downstairs , the loud music cariires on til the wee hours of morning. You can see belly dancing shows here.If you are a party animal then this is the place , not a place to go with family.Breakfast buffet is good. with bost western and indian fare also within walking distance of restaurants and shopping centres.Located in bur Dubai.	
Oct 5 2008 	Absolutely Apalling	Chinese &quot;Ladies of the Night&quot; by the barrel load - they are obviously not of a high calibre either. This nasty hotel is in the seediest part of Dubai (Bur Dubai) which is across the creek from Deira. Please, take my advice, this hotel is not for families or any poor unfortunate holidaymaker who would be well advised to give this hotel a miss- it is very downmarket and in an altogether undesirable area, the shopping amenities are terrible there too. The hotel bar is dark and dingy (so that you don't see the faces of the prostitutes plying their trade?). The whole place smells. I would definately not recommend this hotel to anyone. I can not understand why a couple of reviewers state that the hotel isn't all that bad - they must be on the payroll or need their heads examined. Next time I go to Dubai I will research my chosen hotel thoroughly and stay on the other side of the creek.	
Jun 1 2007	Fantastic Fun	Wonderful Rooms, very clean, Chinese resturant fantastic, you must try the lunch buffet, very helpful staff, room service food goo and not to pricey, there is a nightclub next door that has a huge line of ladies awaiting you every desire (for a price). We had a group of 31 10 ladies 21 men, we danced all night an were not bothered by any of the ladies or there customers. We had a fabulous time, and cannot ask for a better hotelif you want to have fun, good food and great hospitality	
Nov 3 2006	Never ever EVER stay at this 'hotel'	Where do we start, it was just TERRIBLE! We were robbed within an hour of our arrival. We put our cases in room, took a short walk around the block and up to the rooftop puddle they called a pool. When we returned, an hour later, a valuable mobile phone/PDA had been taken from the room. We had turned off the air-con and opened a window when we arrived and when we returned the aircon was on, the bed straightened and the window closed so there had obviously been a member of staff in the room. When we spoke to the manager he just didn't care. There is no safe in the room but if you read all their literature (clearly the first thing you do after an overnight flight) you will discover they have safety deposit boxes at reception. Since the manager didn't care that he had a theif on the payroll, how much safer your goods would be in a box at reception that the staff have access to is anyone's guess. The manager didn't even say that he would speak to the member of staff who had been in our room- apparently it was our responsibily to look after our goods and if he employed thieves then that was just our bad luck.We reported the theft to the police who just rolled their eyes when we said what hotel we were in.As regards everything else - the bathroom was filthy, the food terrible and the staff unhelpful. The bar was closed when we were there due to Ramadan but a knock at the door to the side of reception (if you pleaded the need for a drink with the two massive bouncers) got you into the brothel that operated from the hotel.We just can't say enough bad things about this dump - DON'T STAY THERE	
Sep 22 2006	Total Rubbish.	The hotel is located in the city centre, but it was as if had gone to the rough part of new york. The hotel staff were very rude, the night manager did not want to hear our complaints and passed every thing of as a miss understanding and language problems... even though we were being spoken to in perfect english, the tour guide located in the hotel, over charged us on the desert saffari by 100 Dhirams!!! The food was absolutley appalling!If you want to sleep, then DO NOT GO THERE! - there is a nightclub next door full of the locals and prostitutes outside, playing head banging music til 4AM.The night manager commented: ''well what else do you expect from a three star hotel!?'DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL! EVER!! we hated it from day 1 and were over the moon to come back home. All our breakfasts and relaxing time were spent in the hotel oppersite its called the ''Rolla Resedence'' if you want advice about excursions ... go there!!!!PLEASE DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL !!!!!!!	
Jul 8 2006	nice place for singles	Good and relaxing place for singles with excellent disco and pubs.Rooms were fantastic.	
May 12 2006	If the price is right	My girlfriend and I stayed on the 6th floor of his hotel and although the loud music downstairs didn’t keep us awake it was quiet loud and noticeable. The room was excellent a sitting room/bedroom arrangement.Room service was inconsistent but once we started using the door sign for ‘room ready to clean’ things got better. Some days we did not get all our towels and had to ask.Swimming pool was small but adequate and seating area around the pool was small but quiet. We had it to ourselves most of the time and could order food or drink from phone by pool side. The pool bar did not open until 7 which I felt negated the whole point of a pool bar.My girlfriend had a bad first impression of this hotel as she had stayed in Dubai before and had expected better. We soon realised though that Dubai is very spread out and we were as central as anyone else.The hotel bars were dark and seedy with prostitutes haunting the place. The drink was surprisingly good though.There are excellent supermarkets either side of the hotel where there is all the usual western food stuffs etc. We found these very useful for breakfast where we bought plastic bowls and spoons for our cornflakes.There is a tourist guide in the hotel lobby who will grab you at some stage or another during your stay. He gave some good advice and arranged the safari and tickets to wild wadi and a cruise on the creek. Avoid the city tour though, this is done in a cramped 4 x 4. There are plenty of tour buses in the city, try and get one of those.All in all this hotel is probably OK for the money you pay.	
Apr 24 2006	What a downer	We were shocked to find out that there was a lot of ladies of the night frequenting this place on an evening.The room had extra guests (cockroaches)Was out dated and the rest of our party booked out and moved to another hotel, we demanded to be given a better room, and got one which was slightly better.	
Mar 11 2006	Do NOT stay here!!!!	What a nightmare! The rooms are pretty good, but the thumping of the music from one of the two disco's downstairs can be heard well in to the night. We asked to have our room changed as we couldn't sleep, but were put in a noisier room. There were never any towels left, and when we rang (every day for 7 days) to get some, we asked for 3, being triple share, but were only ever brought 2, and had to fight for the extra one. The pool is very small and only a few charirs surround it, making it hard to relax and unwind. The worst part of the hotel though, apart from the lack of service, is the constant noise. The disco and the very loud generator are mind-numbing.	
Feb 27 2006	not as bad as other reviewers make out.	we stayed here for 5 nights with out 3 teenage sons and didn't have any problems. we were able to go to our rooms on our arrival at 7.30am; they were clean and comfortable. the housekeeping staff were very obliging, as were the reception staff. take a jumper or light jacket if you have a drink in the bar as the air con is on the chilly side. we didn't eat breakfast in the hotel so can't comment. we found the hotel to be central to most things and we were able to walk to the creek, then over to the gold and spice souks. the heritage village was a shortish walk away (it was virtually deserted on the morning we visited, and they were still building parts of it)!!!!! watch out for the quad bikes if you go on the desert safari- they charge 100 dirhams for the ride. it is about a half hour taxi ride to jumeirah beach and the &quot;mall of the emirates&quot; where there were many international designer shops. ( a shopaholics paradise!!!!!) if we did happen to return to dubai we would certainly consider this hotel again	
Jan 13 2006	bad quality hotel	very bad quality hotel, stinky smell from lobby to corridor.Place for breakfast is like canteen, Dhs35 breakfast for nothing.Except the room was ok, was quite clean and no bad smell.Not recommend to stay here!!!	
Jan 13 2006	Hooker Hotel	This hotel's nightclubs are pick-up joints for prostitutes. The 'musty' smell is created by the vast number of cheap cigarettes smoked by the hundred or more Russian and Chinese 'ladies' who ply their trade here. Traffic slows almost to a halt nearly every night of the week, as the meat market activities spill on to the street. The club - and the 'left over' girls - spill out onto the street after closing time. This is one of the most seedy parts of town. Don't take a family here. The restaurants are poor, the shopping areas nearby are below par for Dubai, and this would be a very bad place to build an impression of what Dubai is really like.	
Nov 6 2005	budget hotel	basically, budget hotel, the room has strong cigarette smell, the house keeping staff are very good, however the reception request us to check out one day earlier, before the actual check out date.Location is central at Bur Dubai, you can see a lot of peoples from India. We have their breakfast daily for 6 days in a room, the food they served are always the same, not many choices. Im not sure its because of Ramadan period. They have a chinese restaurant and a night club, so its advised to get a room far from the night club. We also have a bad experince with the tour agent operates in this hotel. The hotel should consider to upgrade their reception area. If you are on honeymoon or a couple, dont choose this hotel, its more for business budget traveller.	
Oct 4 2005	Average	The Imperial suites was generally a good hotel if you are looking for somewhere cheap to stay. I found the staff to be very helpful. I was able to check in early and also leave my bags at the hotel long after checkout as I had a late flight. The only down side was the facilities in the room were quite outdated and the air conditioning had a really bad damp musty smell. Also beware their is a nightclub on the bottom floor which can be quite noisy at night when trying to sleep.	
Sep 21 2005	Go there every year...same hotel since 2001	Imperial Suites hotel is great and I know it having gone there for 4 years consecutively. They have exellent house keeping, phones facility, Macdonals, KFC, Open Beach, Meena Bazaar and Al-Khaleej Centre is so close, it is amazing. It is in a good location do.There is a swimming pool on the roof which is amazing. You can sunbathe, swim, whatever you want. And the hotel even has 3 lifts. Staff are nice and friendly, you get to know them very well.	
Sep 14 2005	Nice Hotel	Very good priced hotel, had breakfast included, very nice indeed. As it is a three star rating it thought it might not be too good, but it was a lot better than I expected. Forget about the pool, it is less than a meter deep on the roof, and the HOT sun makes it impossible to go in (we did go in the off peak season). Location is very good, less than 10min walk to meena bazaar, KFC, Mc Donalds, Shopping malls.The service was overall fine, like a standard hotel, noting spectacular.	
Sep 13 2005	terrible place to stay	Not a very nice place to stay. photos on internet are not of the place you stay at. two night clubs below the hotel that keep you awake till 2pm in the morning. Pool is not suitable for children and it is outdoor. Hotel has a musky smell. the hotel is clean and basic not at all of the superior standard indicated.would not recommend that you stay here.	
