	Good for Business stay	I had stayed in Savoy crest for 4 nights as i had come for a Gulf food festival, the rooms are good, big and clean. The staff was also very help full. Its located in a prime location. The breakfast was not that great. If you are staying for more days then it is worth due to its price.	
Oct 23 2009 	Excellent location and value for money	I travelled on business regularly to the hotel. The best thing about the hotel is the location, which is close to everything. You name it and it is there. Clean and large rooms. The best is the hotels breakfast buffet which is bud tickling. Though i missed it out on a friday as overslept till 11 am... All in all thumbs up ...	
Jul 27 2009 	Fabulous	We had a 2 bedroom apartment and it was huge. The rooms were very clean, modern and comfortable. The hotel staff were friendly and helpful. We were able to flag taxis down whenever we needed them, max wait was about 1 minute and they arent expensive. The location was great as it was near everything, making trips easy to manage. we would highly recomend this hotel and will definately book here again	
Jun 2 2009 	Excellent rooms	Stay there regularly. Good hotel. Food is nice.	
Mar 18 2008 	Close to everything	My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel in February 2008. The hotel was very nice and the staff were very friendly. The room was very clean and spacious. It is only a couple of minutes taxi ride from all the site seeing places, but the problem is getting a taxi! The hotel ordered taxi's for us but they didnt always show up. We had to go to the shopping centre nearby and q for ages for one. Also dont get the hotel taxi transfer to the airport as we did as we got put into a smelly dirty old van and got brought to the airport in that! but apart from that all was great there.	
Oct 25 2007 	Spacious rooms Excellent price Suitable for Long term stay Peacefull	Dear Travellers,I have stayed at this hotel for a second time and I find it a very fiendly place to stay.... location is in the heart of Dubai, 15-20 mins drive from the airport, spacious fully furnished rooms, kitchen, bathrooms. Never had any problems with the staff, morning breakfast buffet was also very satisfying...I would recommend anyone to this hotel.... I got a good deal at this hotel after the EID holidays..... perfect for my cousin and family who had flown in from Australia...BRCharlton	
Aug 30 2006	Passez vote chemin!		
