Nov 24 2009 	Quiet Friendly Welcoming	The Rihab Rotana is a 2 minute taxi ride from the Airport. Although it is a way away from what might be called the &quot;main&quot; parts of Dubai, it is convenient to the new Dubai Metro (Deira City Centre Mall station), which links it to sites such as the Mall of the Emirates (venue for the ski slopes). It is otherwise a fairly short, cheap, taxi ride to any local destination (although this depends on time of day - rush hour is horrendous!).The hotel is modern, with a small Cafe on the ground floor which is open 24 hours/day for food and non-alcoholic drink (the hotel is &quot;dry&quot;, and does not serve alcohol).The rooms are of adequate size, and well equipped. Each has an electric kettle, with tea and coffee provided, together with a hot plate, microwave oven, fridge and washing machine, in addition to cable television. Furnishing includes a couch and armchair, with a coffee table.The staff are efficient, friendly and helpful. Checking in and out is fast and straightforward.Altogether excellent value for money, and I will stay here again when next in Dubai!	
Sep 16 2009 	Excellent value for the price paid	Staff is very professional and helpful. Diverse breakfast buffet. Very comfortable rooms and spotless. Rooms also have washing machine and ironing board. I really enjoyed my stay there. Every time i'm in Dubai, which are always overnight stays, i stay there as i know exactly what i'm getting for the money i pay.	
Jul 29 2009	Such a friendly hotel :)	STAFF - Everyone was so wonderful and welcoming - reception, concierge, cafe moka staff etc. We were always greeted with a smile and a hello in the morning and when leaving the hotel were wished a pleasant day! When we arrived and were leaving, the concierge wouldn't even let us touch our suitcases, they did all the hard work - fab service. I've stayed in a lot of good hotels and this is the first time I'd expereinced this. The ladies who worked during the breakfast buffet also need a shout out as they were lovely :) LOCATION - Brillaint for deira shopping centre. It's a straightforward 3 minute walk - literally. We found ourselves in this mall many times throughout the week, really lively, fun atmosphere. Other nearby locations - * Gold/Old/Perfume souks - 15 mins taxi - around 15 dirhams* Dubai Mall - 30 mins taxi - around 25-30 dirhams* Dubai festival shopping mall - 15 mins - around 15 dirhams We travelled to these places using the local taxis, not the ones found outside the hotel. Jumeriah area is quite far out from this hotel but if u go on the hop on/off tour bus (starting from deira mall) you get to see everything with the opportunity to stop off. ROOMS - Kitchenettes were extremely convinient, mum especially loved the washing machine haha. The tv had a good selection of both english and arabic channels, we found a good programme/film to be on almost every night. Beds were extremely comfortable as well. Nice spaced rooms with lovely decor. THINGS WORTH MENTIONING - * We had a room with a connecting door which was a pain if next door was extremely loud. We had a child who more or less constantly screamed for ages in the evening which eventually led to us changing rooms. Hotel staff were fine about this and even though new room had connecting door, no problems were encountered :) * Work was taking place outside the hotel from the which the noise could be heard around 10am, didnt really bother us as we were always up by then and getting ready to go out. But trust me when I say, you will see work taking place EVERYWHERE in dubai! * Brilliant breakfast - croissants, muffins, pastries, toast, sausages, hash browns, beans, eggs, omellete station, cereal, juice, fruit and so much more. * Specific times allocated for women to use fitness facilities	
May 27 2009 	Nice rooms but pathetic food	Rihab Rotana suites is designed for long staying guests and the room comes equipped with a washing machine, microwave , crockery and cutlery besides the other basics. Rooms are comfortable and clean with good housekeeping service. The F&amp;B is pathetic with a limite menu and even then the quality of food is just ridiculous, and it includes the food available in the breakfast buffet as well. The location is nice as being walking distance from the City Centre (a shopping mall) where you have food and entertainment options.Staff is friendly and offer assistance promptly.	
Sep 29 2008 	Very Comfortable place to feel home	The Rihab's rooms are not as big as some other apartment-hotels in Dubai I've stayed in, but a lot of Details are right; the furniture doesn't feel like you've seen it before somewhere else, you have a real window to look out, the breakfast is pretty good if you like european style breakfast, staff is very friendly, and (very important): the A/C is very quiet on the lowest fan setting, you can hardly hear it.I stayed in the Rihab for two weeks; compared to other hotels I felt much more as being home as in other Dubai hotels I've stayed at so far which felt much less like home. I would like to be back here for the next trip.	
Jul 23 2008 	Great for a longer stay	I stayed at the RIhab Rotana for seven weeks during June and July 2008. I would thoroughly recommend it for that period of time. The rooms are a reasonable size and very well maintained. The staff are flexible about when the rooms can be cleaned at the weekend. The staff are all very helpful and courteous. Right from the porters through to management. The gym is well maintained if basic and the pool the same. I was made to feel consistently welcome and my requirements were met at al parts of my stay. If you are looking for something that's a bit more like home for a period of time, the Rihab Rotana is the place for you. The only recommendation I would make is that you ensure you have a room that does not have a connecting door to a suite - they're not soundproof!!	
May 22 2008 	Excellent Hotel	An above average, a bit small hotel, therefore more personal, Very clean, modern/contemporary rooms. Attention to detail, extremely friendly and helpful staff.We were a large group of 13, but the hotel staff was most accomodating to all of our needs with a smile on their face at all times. We ranged in age from 73 to 9 yrs and all were content. Walking distance as in 5-7 mins to City Centre shopping mall, which is one of the starting points for the City Bus tour. Overall hotel isn't over priced either. Nice roof top pool.Only down side of the hotel is that only one floor reserved for non smokers. So if the sensitivity to smoke is high, then book and confirm a non smoking room in advance.	
May 13 2008 	Perfect stay	I stayed at the Rihab Rotana Suites last week for ATM and I was very happy with the accommodation provided. The suites had everything that one could need and the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathrooms were well fitted out and all rooms as hi-speed internet access through a cable.The breakfast was limited but provided all that is necessary. The hotel is not ideally located for getting taxis, but concierge were very good at flagging them down for you.All in all a very pleasant stay, and only 5 -10 mins from the airport, and about 20 mins to Sheikh Zayed Road.	
Jan 21 2008 	A good quality hotel near the airport	I stayed for two nights here during the recent torrential rain (three days of it!).The hotel coped well, apart from the Internet going down. Moreover, the rooms are very comfortable and quiet, and the breakfast bar has a good selection of cooked and continental foods.	
Oct 28 2007	lovely hotel	This hotel is really nice, the bedrooms and bathrooms are very clean. The rooms are spacious and you have everything you need from washing machine to kettle and micowave. There is a roof top pool which i loved! I would definatley stay here again!	
Jun 8 2007 	It's the little bits that could do better	Just was there for 5 nights for business. Overall impression was not bad. The room was big, nice and clean, with all the kitchenware handy. Living at the corner of the floor, my room's view was nothing spectacular, just facing the highway, which is busy as usual. There is shower and bath, though it warns you to save water (and who is in Dubai?). Something inattentive about them is that they only provide a shampoo+body wash mixture w/o any conditioner, which is quite important after a swim at the pool at the roof. Under there is a gym with numbers of standard equipments available. There's only a tiny desk w/ a desktop and a printer they call it &quot;Business center,&quot; while Internet is not free in the room, costing 15dhs / hr. Location-wise this suite is not bad, with walking distance (around 10min.) to the City Centre, a rather huge mall with a Carrefour that has every daily needs you need there. Right there you can also take the big bus tour that takes you to number of tourist places in Dubai. It's also rather close to the airport so you are less likely to miss the plane because of the traffic jam.The staff isn't too keen on telling you what places to go around, however. Rather, they want you to get on one of the only two tour companies available in the leaflet box. The big bus tour is okay for single travelers but if you want to look for more options, try the tourist information in the mall instead.	
Apr 28 2007 	thumbs up	very nice hotel. very good location at walking distance from the city center shopping mall and near to the airport ( which is important due to the horrible traffic in dubai )swimming pool and spa are very nice.We were upgraded to a suite - free of charge .The staff were very helpfull and the hotel earns the 4stars rating and the money you pay for ( good offers through the hotel website).the only drawback is the small restaurant breakfast area, the airplane noises during the night ( however it is not unbearable ) and the long time necessary to hail a taxi ( this is a commun problem in dubai )i would stay there again	
Jan 6 2007 	A great hotel near the Deira City Center shopping mall	This hotel is very conveniently located just steps away from the Deira City Center shopping mall, and minutes away from the Dubai International Airport. It has a great rooftop pool that is always heated (which is sometimes necessary, even in Dubai), a nice fitness center including sauna and steam room, and friendly service. The rooms are generally clean and quite comfortable, although if you're like me and cannot tolerate cigarette smoke, you must insist on a non-smoking room. You can often find good deals for this hotel on the Rotana website, Travelocity, Orbitz, etc. About the only drawback to this hotel is the restaurant, which is small and often smoky. The breakfast is good, but pricy, and unless it is included in your room rate, you'd be better off going to one of the restaurants in the City Center.	
Nov 17 2005	Good city centre stop	Less than 10 minutes from airport but not on the flight path, from the swimming pool you can see the planes take off, but not who is in them. Deira City Centre, a large shopping mall is just 5 minutes walk away, it is the second largest shopping centre in Dubai.The hotel is good as a city centre venue, cause you want to explore, only the one restaurant, which is well air conditioned, a jumper is needed in the evening if eating there, but with so many fine hotels in the area, you will always eat at other hotels (cheap compared to UK), to one of the beach hotels costs 60dhs (£10) about a half hour taxi ride. Swimming pool is heated even when it is 40 degrees, plenty of staff all very helpful the hotel is more business people so being on holiday means you miss the breakfast rush. The hotel babysitting service is by far one of the better I have encountered, they like to meet the children the day before, and have a chat just to reassure you every thing will be OK, reasonable rates. Sorry no photos but rooms are modern clean and spacious, the smallest rooms have: sofa, VHS video, TV, small kitchen with microwave, washing machine with complimentary powder King size bed. AC as standard, all controlled by you.As with all of Dubai, construction is going on all the time. there are two vacant plots of land by the hotel which have permission for hotels, but rooms are triple glazed and we heard nothing from outside not even police cars and ambulances which you normally hear anywhere in the world.	
Nov 10 2008 	Rotana Rihab ist sehr zu empfehlen		
