Nov 17 2009 	Lovely hotel - fab room!	Dubai is defiantly not somewhere I would choose for a holiday. However, faced with a couple of days in the sun whilst my husband attended to some business, we took the opportunity to check out the Desert Palm Resort.And it rocks, it's Dubai's one (IMHO) redeeming feature. A truly lovely, very grown-up and well-run hotel with fabulous, huge rooms and spot on- service. The General Manager runs a tight ship, and manages to make you feel like a highly valued guest without being at all intrusive or obsequious. He and his deputy could not do enough to accommodate me and my husband's demanding riding/polo requirements. The food is great too, it can be a little slow - but who is in a rush. Staff are delightful and the spa, although expensive is first rate. One thing I did find slightly misleading and that is that the website describes it as an oasis in the desert - its not. The Desert Palm is located on the main (and at times very busy and noisy) main road to Oman, Dubai's hideous pollution-drenched skyline rises above the calm of the Polo Fields, and if you step outside the resort and turn right you'll find an Oasis of pylons and oil refineries. So don't go anywhere - just stay put and watch the polo.	
Nov 3 2009 	Oasis in Dubai	We stayed for a couple of days at the Desert Palm in a Palm Suite in September 09. Room overlooked the terrace and main polo field. You can see the centre of Dubai in the distance, including the unmissable Burj Tower. Dubai is mostly a building site, but this hotel proved to be a 5* oasis about 20 min cab ride from the airport or the centre of Dubai. The room was very chic, Bang and Olufsen phones, and entertainment centre, and an extremely comfy bed with good quality bed linen. Ate in Rare and Epicure, food was good. Went shopping in the Malls, but a Mall is a Mall. Loved the Gold Souk, a great experience. Didn't see any polo as it was out of season, but did see people riding around the field.All in all, I would definitely recommend this hotel if you don't mind being a little outside the centre, but it certainly was luxurious and quiet.	
Nov 1 2009 	* 1st full week off in 3 years - worth the wait *	As the title says, this was my husbands 1st full week off work in 3 years &amp; it was well worth saving up for financially so as not to whack it on the credit card. No regrets whatsoever. We had Suite 5: Huge, definitely of 5* quality, Ipod, zoned lighting, electric blinds on floor to ceiling windows overlooking polo fields, aircon, Nespresso machine, fully stocked fridge. Bathroom: Double sinks, sound speakers, large bath, phone &amp; bidet, shower so big I took my coffee in there &amp; it didn't get splashed. Immacculately clean &amp; I look for problems!Food: Rare steaks were mealt-in-the-mouth. We were given a few little tasters that weren't on the menu as a gesture as well such as cauliflower &amp; foie gras soup.Epicure: Tried to order a tiger prawn &amp; rocket salad - it came with spinach instead. Tried to order white toast, they didn't have that either. No issue, just that they are the basics that's all. Plenty of choice on the menu &amp; it is all handmade, good quality. A lot of the locals arrange their own celebrations at Desert Palm as the reputation, service, quality &amp; food is good.Complimentary jetlag massage given at Lime &amp; thoroughly enjoyed the Movies &amp; Munchies Night sitting in the pool in the inflatable armchairs after sunset munching popcorn while watching on a big screen The Italian Job. What a fab idea that was!!!Reception staff gave us the address so the taxi driver knew how to return us safely. I didn't realise until the last day that there were magazines for the taking in Epicure. As we had an horrendously early check-out at stupid-o-clock, we were offered breakfast in bed which was a lovely thought on their part.We'd pre-booked afternoon tea at the Skyview Bar in the Burj Al Arab. Great experience but never did get my coffee that I ordered!	
Oct 30 2009 	Great Hotel!	We stayed here for 3 nights as part of our honeymoon; the Desert Palm Hotel is a beautiful boutique hotel with great customer service. On arrival we were provided with a room to rest and shower as our suite was not ready (we arrived before check in) which was really nice of the hotel to do! When our room was ready it was well worth the wait, the hotel had provided complimentary champagne and a cheese platter for us which was a lovely welcome, the suite was beautifully furnished, and the view from our window was of the lush green polo field! Everything in the room is stylishly done and mirrors the pictures on their website. We ate at RARE on the 1st and 3rd night by far the best steak we have ever had and the service was faultless, they make you feel special! It was my birthday on Friday we enjoyed a complimentary massage in the Lime Spa, followed by a relaxing day around the clear blue infinity pool. That evening the hotel and gone into our room and lay rose petals and candles all around, it was a great end to a great birthday. On our last day we watched a polo match while being served cocktails pure luxury!	
Sep 20 2009 	Small hotel beautifully styled a little far from Dubai centre	We spent 3 nights here on our way to Mauritius to break up the journey and see what Dubai is all about. The hotel is fairly small, which we liked, beautifully styled, very modern and boutique but whilst only 20mins from the airport is some way out from Dubai itself. This meant having to catch taxis to get into Dubai - most of the taxi drivers did not know where this hotel was located so we had a couple of 'lost' journeys to handle! We arrived in the holy month of Ramadan and whilst there were certain restrictions, this did not detract from the facilities and services offered by the hotel. Service was excellent and staff very friendly. The room was spacious, wall to ceiling windows overlooking polo fields, bathroom delightful with all the mod cons you would expect, ipod, wifi, coffee machine, TV - all complimentary. Spa facilities are fantastic with friendly and adept staff and good value too. Overall this was a lovely place to stay and enjoy the facilities - there are no views though, only polo fields although it does have a lovely pool. We ate at restaurant 'Rare' which was a bit disappointing and quite expensive - food was very salty, bottle of cheapest wine equated to about £50 otherwise a very enjoyable short break here.	
Aug 16 2009 	Chic and perfect for couples	We stayed here for our wedding anniversary and had a fantastic time. The resort is on the outskirts of Dubai and is adjacent to a polo centre and resident community. Being a resident of Dubai, flashy hotels are accessible everywhere however, we were pleasantly shocked - yes shocked - at the quality, size, layout and ambience of the room. We had a corner suite on top of the hotel. It faced the polo field and the massive side windows faced more greenery and trees. This is not your typical hotel room, rather it's more like an apartment with superb features include modern gadgets like a Bose soundsystem, Nespresso coffee maker (on which we overdosed), great kettle, hair dryer, TV - all really top noth brands. As for the bathroom, the shampoo, conditioner and body lotion were the same brand as that used in the Lime Spa at the hotel (worth a try).As we entered our room, we were greeted with Greek music (my husband is Greek) and a welcome platter. The hallway consists of a fully mirrored wall which gives an interesting effect. The bed was super comfortable and the linen looked as though it was brand new. The bathroom consisted of an open area - no doors. There was a deep bath tub in the centre of the room with a massive shower room and separate toilet room. Two basins, ample towels and lots of space.We tried the Lime Spa, Epicure Cafe, bar downstairs (with shisha) and the pool. All fantastic and high quality. This hotel is perfect for couples wanting to get away from busy Dubai - there's not a great deal to do but relax ...	
Jul 21 2009 	Stunning stylish special.	The desert palm is the most amazing hotel we've ever stayed in. It is understated but very stylish, compared to a lot of the big glossy hotels in Dubai and you don't feel like you're in a typically noisey, busy resort. We were so surprised at the enormity of the grounds in which the hotel sits and you immediately feel like you're in a lush green, peaceful paradise. We were there for our honeymoon and it didn't disappoint.; it was so quiet and peaceful that we felt completely spoiled and realxed. It was way beyond our expectations. We got a tour of the whole estate by very knowledgable staff . The staff are so well trained and everyone knew our names and our room number- Palm Suite 1. Our room was amazing: Bang and Olufsen sound system+phones, Ipod + dock with 9700 songs- I'm not kidding!! , remote controlled curtains, cocktail mixer set +bottles of spirits, fab mini-bar ( nothing about it was 'mini' though- it has loads of stuff), memory foam mattress, Ren toiletries, fluffy towels and bathrobes, chocolate cake waiting for us on table, enormous shower and bath, huge mirrored wall , espresso machine+ loads of coffee choices, umbrellas, memory foam pillows, enormous couch (could have sat about 10 people). The room is pretty much open plan and very modern. The only thing we had to ask for, was an ironing board+ iron. There are only 13 Palm Suites on the top floor of the hotel and there were only 3 occupied when we got there but think it was busier when we left. We weren't disturbed by anyone elses noise and hardly saw any other guests going in and out the rooms. Even the main areas of the hotel were very quiet at beginning of the week and we felt like we had the whole place to ourselves! It did get busier towards the end of the week but no-one bothered us and the noise was minimal. Rare restaurant is fabulous. The food is so outstanding, we were surprised it didn't already have a Michelin star. We have eaten in several Michelin star places and thought that this was just as good. If you get the chance, try the Wagyu beef steak- it was unbelievable! We ate there twice and the food was stunning on both occasions. In Red bar, they have a whisky cabinet that was made specially for the hotel- it has every kind of whisky you can imagine and very exciting for any whisky lover. Cocktails are great and they are willing to make anything you request if you have the cocktail recipe. The Lime spa is so relaxing and staff very highly trained in many types of massage- we had several treatments and used all the facilities in the spa- definitely worth a visit and worth every penny. Every time you see a staff member, they smile and say hello- it was so pleasant and they are happy to help with anything. Nothing is too much trouble for them and they are very accomodating to any request. We met the manager several times, who was very friendly and we kept telling him how happy we were with everything. All in all, we cannot praise this place enough, and we will definitely be returning soon.	
Jun 9 2009 	Terribly disappointing checked out half way through our stay.	We chose this hotel as we didn't want to stay in central Dubai. As we were shown our room, we were very impressed with the decor and the high standard of finish. The room had an entire glazed wall which overlooked the bar below. A nice touch, but we wanted a quiet stay and questioned whether the noise would be a problem. We were assured it wouldn't, but it was! By 10.30 that evening, we could hear the bar noise as clearly as if we were in the bar itself, turns out the window was broken! We were moved to another room, which was no better. Eventually we requested to be moved to a villa, which although lovely, felt like it was in the middle of a Desperate Housewives set. People live in the same development as hotel residents, so it felt nothing like being on holiday with people doing the school run and walking the dogs in the early morning. Besides the issues we experienced with the accommodation, we also encountered countless service issues. Perhaps we were unlucky, but it was bad enough to make us check out early, something we have never done before. Everything we ordered from room service was wrong, orders would be incomplete, or just wrong, or take so long (1 hour+) that it was either cold or we had raided the mini-bar. I requested crumpets for breakfast (on the menu!) and was told for 3 mornings in a row they didn't have any, and blamed their suppliers, not once offering to get some for the next morning despite shops being nearby. I then requested hard boiled eggs, which took three attempts to get right, the first 2 times they weren't even cooked, let alone hard boiled. We noticed at least three othet tables having the same issue. One evening we went to Rare for dinner. We were one of three tables there, and the first thing the waiter greeted us with was &quot;we don't have this, this or this and we have one left of this&quot;. We were amazed, this is an expensive restaraunt and there was barely anyone there! We walked out. At no point did any manager step in and try to resolve any issue, and the staff seemed completely bewildered when we complained, rather than try to resolve issues they shrugged their shoulders and smirked. After 3 days of this, we checked out, and went straight back to central Dubai, which although busy and crowded, at least knows how to treat paying customers. I was very happy to leave Desert Palm, it could be such a wonderful place but attention to detail and standards of service lets it down. For all the negatives we experienced, I must say that the Spa was stunning and the staff there were friendly and attentive.	
Jun 4 2009 	Fantastic...........	This is one of the most endearing hotels we have ever stayed in. It is so not Dubai its ridiculous. Set in acres of green polo fields that you have complete access to as a guest, this is tropical paradise. It was very quiet during the week and got busier at the weekends as people travel in from Oman and Abu Dhabi for weekend getaways. The rooms were gorgeous with electronic curtains so you don't even have to get out of bed to enjoy the views. The restaurant food was divine, and the staff were amongst the friendliest we've encountered, one member of staff toook us for a tour of the grounds and stables so we could get a fell for the resort. The spa is great the treatment room i was in had a large window overlooking the polo fields. If you are unsure of this hotel don't be, i would describe it as a boutique hotel 6star rating. Worth a trip, but not great for families as you are somewhat remote.	
Jun 2 2009 	luxury and style without any pretense you might expect to find in Dubai	Desert Palm is an enchanting place, one of the most stylish and relaxing hotel / resorts I have ever stayed at. Situated in an isolated and totally undeveloped part of Dubai, you immediately feel distanced from the hustle-bustle, construction, traffic and pollution - which gives you a great first impression. Not far from the airport though a little bit of a way from the malls. Still, we managed to avoid traffic jams.The decor is stylish, minimalist and has an earthly feel. There are just a few suites and villas on the compound, giving you a sense of space. We stayed in one of the suites which was huge, and decorated tastefully and modernly kitted out with a great sound system, mood lighting, huge widescreen HD TV. The bathroom was luscious, with a stand alone bath I lost myself in and seperate WC room and shower room, supplying us with scrummy 'Ren' products and an abundance of fluffy towels. complementary, a la carte breakfast was tasty at the poolside cafe / restaurant 'Epicure' and we also devoured great steaks at the fine steak restaurant 'Rare' which happened to have won a Time Out reward this year for best steakhouse. The wine list was extensive yet they had little of our selection in stock. Think they had our fifth choice of red. And the wine was VERY expensive for what is was. My pedicure at the Lime Spa was really, very good, but again, prices pretty high. All the staff at the resort, restaurants, spa were welcoming, courteous and hospitable. Service was pretty faultless. Excellent free Wi-fi anywhere in the hotel, even by the pool. If you're planning on some serious relaxation and understated luxury, look no further. But be warned, the wining and dining come at a price. Nevertheless, I am saving up for my next Desert Palm experience.	
Mar 16 2009 	Romantic get-away!	When we were shown our suite, we were speechless. 75 Sq m ultra stylish with the best bedlinen, decor, bells &amp; whistles! Great Spa, restaurant and stunning views over the polo fields. Absolute calm with no children at gorgeous pool. Free WiFi access all around hotel and two Mac's at free disposal in lobby. Only downside was the smell from fertilizing the polo fields and the flies at lunchtime. It was a great romantic get -away for us but I think I would be a bit bored after more than three days there.	
Feb 9 2009 	Probably the best hotel I've stayed in...	I've been lucky enough to have stayed in some of the world's best hotels. My previous favourite was the Sanderson or Brown;s in London. Now it's here. Superb place, right on the polo fields. And great value if you book on the internet - about a third of the rate that they quote if you book direct. Would be lovely for a couple, although I don;t think I had the couples room, my colleague was right next door but had a room with the bed facing out onto the pologrounds.Awesome bathroom and bath, amazing sound system, huge, beautiful room. Can't speak highly enough about it.	
Dec 25 2008 	Modern luxurious - excellent!	The Desert Palm Hotel is modern luxurious. It was opened in April 2008. All suites and villas are nicely decorated with design furniture and high-tech products. The restaurants, bars and spa facilities offer a wide range of high quality products and services. This is not a big resort complex (with an industry feeling) like many other 5-star hotels in Dubai.The Desert Palm Hotel is the place to stay if you enjoy a relaxed environment, great food and wine and outstanding accommodation. The staff and management are very friendly professional; particularly the Italian front office manager Mr. Alex Castaldi and the German general manager Mr. Axel Jarosch. The friendliness and personal touch of the hotel is something we valued very much during our stay. From the resort you can easily get a taxi, or a limousine, and reach all shopping malls and sights in Dubai city within 15-20 minutes.I would highly recommend this hotel for a romantic getaway and some days of relaxation - in a unique atmosphere.	
Aug 14 2008 	Out off this world!	Great property, beautiful surrounds but most importantly staff and food are fantastic and out off this world. Just our of Dubai but you have a great view back over Dubai. If you love polo and horses there are plenty to see. Staff are just so helpful. Would recommend any body to stay there.	
Jun 18 2008 	Jewel in the desert	Booked with Splendia. Palm room including fabulous breakfast £150 for two.Great low rise location heading into the desert.Only 15 minutes from airport, but very quiet. Quality furnishings and every small detailthought out for your comfort.Superb management, very efficient and friendly.Attentitive and genuinely happy staff.Gourmet chef, excellent food. The Spa facilities are amazing.Great place to stay in Dubai, don't miss it...............................................................................................................Tried several times to put a review with some different photographs of Desert Palm, but it will not upload the pictures. So just visit there, it's lovely ... you will not be disappointed.	
Jun 8 2008 	Beautiful villas!	We stayed at this hotel last weekend (June 2008) for a night away. After reading the other review on this site (the only other review we could find anywhere for this hotel!) we were slightly worried but shouldn't have been as overall we had an excellent night!On arrival at reception we were greeted by very enthusiastic and helpful staff (if, as the previous reviewer had said, a little inexperienced) who gave us drinks and cold towels while we checked in. We were pleasently suprised to be upgraded from a pool villa to a pool residence at no extra cost! As our villa wasn't ready, we took a tour of the hotel with the lovely Godfrey and then had a drink in the beautiful bar in the main hotel.Our room was ready within 30 minutes. From the outside, the villas do not look that impressive, however when we opened the door we were very pleased! The lights, air con and IPOD were all already set up for us. The villa was huge (pool residences have two bedrooms, three bathrooms, an office, a huge living room/dining room and kitchen. In addition, we had a large outside area with table and benches, a large pool, sun bathing area and wicker &quot;egg&quot; chair (in which we spent most of the afternoon!) Everything was beautifully new and clean. We received a plate of complimentary fruit and deserts. The hotel website really doesn't show enough pictures of how gorgeous out villa was! Our pool was really big, especially as it was just the two of us, and it was completely private with huge walls surrounding our villa, so even though you are only a few meters from all the hotel amenities, it feels really lovely and secluded.The only slight downsides we found were:1. The menu in the restaurant we choose to eat (Rare) was extremely limited-only 3 main courses and 2 choices of starter/desert. This wasn't a problem for us, but may be for a fussy eater. The food we did have was beautiful!2. The hotel is located rather close to the sewage treatment works in Dubai...this wasn't an issue at all, expect for when we returned to the villa in the evening there was a slight smell in the air.Overall, we loved this place, great, helpful staff and a beautiful villa. If you want to shut yourself away from the world for a day or two, this is the place to do it.	
May 6 2008 	Not as Expected !!!	i stayed at the desert palm resort this week and i had the pool residence villa....First of all let me explain the Desert palm Resort concept, it's a polo gated community on the highway towards al aweer and next to the chinese market (dragon mall)... the resort villas are not newly built as everyone would expect when browsing their website!!! they are a refurbished villas which used to be a yearly rental villas next to the polo fields!!! the resort villas are situated next to villas of people who lives there with their families in this neighberhood!!! so you could call this a rental villas in a neighberhood instead of a resort villas....as soon as you enter the lobby to check in for your villa you will feel that the staff are not experienced at all but they are trying though...but the positive thing is that they are friendly and want to help you....when we went to the residence villa we knew from the paint job and the garden that this is a refurbished villa which was built few years ago for long term lease....Also i want to add that the T.V. channels are very limited (maybe 8-10) in the villas and the in room dining menu is also limited.... also the pool is not temperature controlled...	
Jan 18 2009 	Boutiquehotel für Designliebhaber		
Dec 4 2008	Hôtel chic et design		
