	Mediocre	I stayed for one night in this airport hotel, which is about 5 - 10 mins taxi ride from the airport. There are other hotels in the same location now so the choice has improved. The Millenium hotel is used as the free stopover hotel for Emirates passengers if they have poor connections. The reception is geared towards clearing clients through very quickly and it was efficient if impersonal. You're issued with vouchers for dinner, late snack and breakfast if you're on a free stopover, which is excellent value. The meals were buffet style, soft drinks were included and I have no complaints about any of the meals. The room however was a different matter. Avoid the rooms on the ground floor that have no carpet as the passage of other clients would make the room very noisy as they tramp past to get to the lifts. I stayed at the end of the ground floor corridor and there was carpet on the corridor so noise wasn't too bad. The room is extremely basic. No in-room safe was the major issue along with no hair dryer (had to ask reception for one, when it came it shorted the electricity supply to the room, so we had to ask for another hair dryer in the morning - why don't they have one in the bathroom attached to the wall if they are so concerned about theft?). The toiletries were very substandard for a three half star property and shampoo was in a sachet. The hotel is not concerned about clients staying for one night and therefore this is a very basic hotel. Considering it was free, I can't complain about the price but no hair dryer is stupid! If you don't get a free stopover, look for other hotels in the same location - they are bound to be better	
Nov 13 2009 	Rip off for tel wireless and extras	Stayed here free courtesy Emirates because of 12 hr stop in Dubai. Millenium staff very bureaucratic and go by the book. Check out is at 8 am and no flexibility on that. Nowehre in the world have I come across an 8 am check out bar. Required a hundred US dollar deposit if I wanted to make an international call from my room, and the balance would be refunded not in dollars but in dhirams. Declined that and made a call from the reception desk at five US dollars a minute. Internet/wireless is not free and costs about fifteen US dollars for two hours. An extra half liter bottle of drinking water is eighteen dhirams (which makes it about five US dollars). I walked across the road to the local supermarket and purchased the same for one dhiram. Beer with your meals is about six dollars a can. They could improve the no of TV channels - seemed to me there were just two in English and six in all. So whats good - well you get to stay near the airport courtesy Emirates in a hotel which is certainly not four stars as claimed by the hotel but rather two stars, and you get vouchers for free meals during your stay, and the meals are eat as much as you want buffets and adequate. Free shuttle to hotel and back, with rude driver on return to airport trip who shouted at one passenger who wanted to enter the van with his carry on luggage as you are supposed to put that in the trailer at the back. Why should anybody automatically know that?	
Oct 8 2009 	Good Transit Hotel not much else.	Its good for a transit stay. We were put up by Emirates airlines, so we got rooms in the Emirates Wing. The rooms are clean but basic, not much by the way of amenities. Liked their buffets, although items are limited but food was good. Its a good hotel for budget travellers, but if you want luxury go elsewhere. Dubai is not a cheap place to stay. But if you want to stay near the airport, clean hotel, no frills, this could be a good choice.Quick Shopping Tip : The Deira City Center mall is nearby, 5 min by taxi, approx 11 Dirhams.	
Sep 14 2009 	great city dubai	actually i get a chance to stay in this hotel due to my connected flight missing to frankfurt so they can arrange me this hotel. the hotel is good and have shuttle service from the airport. it is very near to the airport and have great facilities. good rooms with clean bathrooms. there is also shuttle service available from the hotel to deira citty centre. the staff is very good. overall the hotel has every 4 star facility	
Sep 5 2009 	Very adequate for a layover	THis was part of a 22hr layover between South Africa and South Korea. It was a complimentary service and although we were in the furthest room possible, it was clean, comfortable. cool and dark enough to get some much needed sleep! The staff I did encounter in the hallways were very friendly and willing to help with a smile, much appreciated in the early hourss of the morning!	
Aug 26 2009 	Old tired and barely a one-star hotel stop-over used by Emirates Airline.	Emirates uses this hotel for those economy passengers with more than an eight-hour layover in Dubai, their hub in the Middle East. This place reminds me of a run-down, old motor inn. The room was rather clean - for its age - however, I wore white socks and they were quite dirty within a few minutes of walking on the carpet. The TV only brings in four channels - two in Arabic and two in English - and the color was only using the green and red tones. The room smelled like smoke although we asked for a non-smoking room. The room was rather quiet which allowed us to get a four-hour nap. The meals were free because of our layover - we certainly wouldn't have paid for the mediocre food. Unless you book business or first class on Emirates, you'll be stuck here for your long layover. Guess it's better than trying to sleep in the chairs at the airport!	
Jul 22 2009 	nicely kept indeed	Organised tours of Dubai leave from here! A regular service to the shopping mall also departs from here which is free of charge for Emirates Economy customers. The corridors seem to go on forever so bear this in mind if you don't really like walking around in search of your room!	
Jul 14 2009 	OK nothing remarkable	A quick stopover. Large roomy room, comfy bed, large comfy bathroom, aircon worked OK. Basicallly a competent hotel at a reasonable (£100) price. My only complaint was that though a non-smoking room there was a distinct cigar tang, but I guess in the gulf &quot;non-smoking&quot; is more a request than a rule!	
Jul 5 2009 	Basic hotel for Dubai prices	I returned from China onwards to Sana'a and stayed only half a day in this hotel. It was clean but so far over priced that it just was not fun any more and it proves my general idea about the Emirates and Dubai in particular.I will never stay in this hotel again because for this price... you'll have a lot better.Even so, the hotel was boring, food expensive and not specially good.For me, never again	
Jun 19 2009 	Drama of the Millenium	Have travelled to Dubai quite often, and all the times had a friend in town to accomodate me. However, when a certain airlines offered a luxurious 96-hour stay in Dubai I was entitled to the offer.If you ask how..? Then here's how.. As a member of the Airlines Miles collecting program and a Business Class traveller - I had got a visa to enter Dubai. In case you dunno, then to arrive in UAE you need an invitation prior from someone in the country.I was due to go further to China, and had a stopover in Dubai just for a meeting. So, on arriving at the airport I was waiting at the desk to know if someone had come for the pick-up. Due to some error in the system, instead of the hotel recommended for biz traveller - I was sent to Millennium Hotel.Well, as the Indian saying goes - Everything happens for the best. Would I experience that - Hmm.. Let's see..The chauffeured drive was hardly a necessity as the hotel is hop, skip and jump from the airport. How did it look from outside..? Nice, not bad at all.. It's only when you go inside - that the hustle and the noise and the constant coming and going of travellers comes to your notice. The travel required me to take some rest. On getting my room keys, I dashed off for the nap. However, as I was to find out - the room was like at the far end of the floor and it required me to walk more than I preferred.A sleepy man just wants a pillow to rest on. I got mine, only to awaken for my meeting. A quick shower and I thought I would be ready..!! But, wait.. What are these and whose are they..?!!! Heavily embroidered clothes..?!!You guessed it right.. My luggage was not mine, but a lady's.. And, I was due for the meeting in an hour.. A bath and the same clothes, and I was ready to face the meeting.However, as luck would have it my meeting got postponed and lunch awaited me.. Nice food, and then I hopped on to the airport bus to get my luggage as the receptionist failed to help me..My luggage was there, at the counter.. Sigh, was I relaxed..? I was ready to change asap. I did that and finished my meeting.. Where..? That's another story.. For now, my adventure ends here..Millennium Hotel didn't take away my heart, just a satisfied hungry stomach.. My recommendation - jus a stop over.. that's what it is..	
May 24 2009	This is budget hotel used by Emirates for stop over passengers	Stayed here overnight to catch a connection to Dar es Salaam.Needed two joining rooms for a family of four. Received this with no real issues.Appears that Emirate passengers are placed in the least desirable wing of this large hotel.Received vouchers for dinner, and breakfast as well as soft beverages, No fault with food quality. Service was fine.They have an annoying system of activating their bedroom lights ie you need to insert the card key into the switch for lights. Needed to get used to this!!!!Overall, a very dull place, but it does the trick!	
Apr 29 2009 	Convenient for transit in Dubai	Had to stay here for a night while in transit. The rooms are dull, nothing much to write home about. Got a free coupon for the dinner buffet in the restaurant which was not great either. Its all right to use this hotel only if you are on a short/overnight transit stop in Dubai.	
Apr 25 2009 	Treated Like Kings and Queens	The Millennium Airport Hotel was merely a stop over for my family and I on our way to Australia; although I must say, it was certainly a worthwhile experience. Despite having only stayed there what must have been eight hours, the hotel was immaculate and accommodating to say the least. As someone who has travelled around the World, I pretty much expected that being an airport hotel, this one would be as bad as all of the others. Whilst is wasn't the epitome of luxury, my family and I were lost for words at the service this hotel has on offer. The restaurant was a prime example of our delight: the staff were switched on and if possible, overly helpful.The rooms are quite and particularly spacious, although no complimentary food and drink was on offer. Asides from this there is no doubt that in a bag, The Millennium Airport Hotel is a more than pleasant stay for a stop over or connection in Dubai. You will be treated like Kings and Queens.	
Apr 17 2009 	Horror - Building Site	This is where Emirates will stick you if you are a business traveller who has a flight delay.Horrible and a building site. Demand an upgrade	
Apr 17 2009 	Four Star Price - Three Star Soul	I have stayed at this hotel many times over the years. It began as a cheap and cheerful indepent three stars (if that) property but one with good quality and good value F&amp;B outlets and a cheerful and welcoming staff. Since (massive) redevelopment a lot of the soul has gone out of the place while prices have risen sharply both for rooms and (more importantly) F&amp;B. While the rooms are acceptable, the word &quot;austere&quot; springs to mind and although formally a 4-Star property, it somehow does not feel like that. Acceptable if close to airport location is vital but if not, there are better options.	
Apr 15 2009 	Just perfect for a stopover	Large room, twin beds, bathroom (good shower), tv, lounge and safe in room. Very helpful staff. Simple dinning if you are on a stop over. Follow the signs to the Main hotels- outstanding selection and quality restaurants. Only one thing missing, no clocks in the rooms.	
Apr 7 2009 	Not bad for few hours transit	To be fair, the Millenium Airport hotel consists of 2 different divisions, the one which Emirates airline exclusivly use for its transit passengers ( the one I stayed in) , other part I think it is much better and more luxurious.The transit part is ok for few hours connection, clean, food is not bad, rooms are spacious, very small TV with 8 channels only, bath room is spacious and clean but no complimentary slippers, no tooth brush or paste, no shaving kit, so be sure to take yours or you need to buy from lobby gift shop.Internet is not free it cost 15 dollars per hour, location is very close to airport and the nice City Center mall, acroos street to the fantastic Meridien hotel which has a great collection of restaurants and cafe's, but you can not go walking to anywhere.	
Apr 7 2009 	Not bad not good. Pretty average but clean.	Okay for a one-night stopover. We were in the Emirates wing enroute to Sydney from Glasgow. We were at the hotel in minutes after getting on the minibus outside the new Emirates terminal. Its very convenient and the rooms are clean. I would only stay here as a stop-over though, for a shower and a bed. The corridors are long and dull and the rooms very plain. I felt I was herded about and the staff barely made eye contact when checking in. It was a bit of a conveyor belt. We were given a voucher for a snack, a drink and a sandwich and breakfast which had a good selection.Picked up from hotel and dropped off at airport the next morning.The hotel did what it said on the tin but not much more. It served its purpose but don't expect anything more than a basic Travelodge style property.	
Apr 6 2009 	glad of a nice bed to have a nap	we had a nine hour stop over in Dubai on our way home from Melbourne after a fourteen hour non-stop flight it was lovely to know we would be able to have a nice shower and stretch our legs...when we found the hotel desk which i have to say was a five day camel hike the staff were very helpful and the transfer was there in about 10 mins at the hotel the staff were very helpful again and check-in took about 2 mins at which point they gave us food vouchers for breakfast, lunch and snacks which was fantastic and very unexpected the room was very large, lovely, clean and the beds were very comfortable they had left us towels shampoo etc we were very impressed with this hotel and the staff everything went very smoothly and we got back on the plane feeling refreshed and clean.we would like to thank emirates for this lovely break in our flight it was fantastic..	
Feb 25 2009 	A very noisy hotel	On my outward, journey I had 10 hours between flights and Emirates offered me a room at the airport hotel, for which I was grateful. But I was rather surprised to be told I was not allocated to their own hotel, but to the Millennium Hotel. The shuttle bus arrived at the hotel just before 1.00am with about 20-25 passengers. Check-in was dreadfully dreadfully slow and I was in the queue for 20 minutes, and there were several people after me. Why did it take so long? I was offered a voucher for dinner (which I declined) but accepted the vouchers for snacks and breakfast. I went to the dining area to get a hot chocolate and a piece of cake. I was told I was not allowed to take china or cutlery to my room. So I had my drink in a cardboard cup and the cake was wrapped in a paper napkin. This is not what I would expect of a 5-star hotel.My room was at the front of the building and I had a very noisy night. The shuttle bus driver and porters made a lot of noise and then there was a lot of noise in the corridor, which I discovered was the baggage porters shouting at each other. And this is the early hours of the morning!!! I certainly did not get the restful night I had hoped for.Next morning, I came to breakfast at 7.30 and found a good selection of food, but the waiters were very slow at replenishing the empty dishes. I waited a full 5 minutes for the coffee.I returned to my room just after 8.00 and the phone rang. A voice said very abruptly &quot;your check out time was 8.00, will you check out NOW&quot; I came downstairs and said to the receptionist that I was not aware that check-out was 8.00. He just smiled and walked away. Just rudeness! I do remember being told by Emirates staff that I should get a shuttle bus about 9.00am and no later than 9.30. But if I was told about the 8.00 check-out I have no recollection, perhaps I was just too tired at 1.00am I do not think any of this is the behaviour you would expect of staff at a 5-star hotel. My room was clean and comfortable, but there was no coffee maker as stated in the hotel description. I hope if I have another airport stopover, I am allocated to another hotel and not this one.	
Feb 3 2009 	Greatest layover hotel ever!	My mom and I were at the hotel Jan 26th for an overnight lay-over. We arrived at the hotel at 6 pm using the bus transfer which was smooth and easy. The Emirates wing is behind the main entrance of the hotel. Its still quite nice. The lobby was gorgeous. We were quickly appointed a room on the 2nd floor. The front desk automatically puts in a wakeup call for you 3 hours before your flight. But you can change that once you get to your room using the telephone, as its all automated. The room doesn't have a clock but theres a number you can dial on the phone to hear the time. You cannot make any external calls from your room phone. For that you'll have to use the lobby phone and put in a deposit. Also no visitors are allowed up to your room. So if you have family/friends in Dubai you'll have to use the lobby or the restaurant. The room pictures that have been put up by other reviewers was exactly the room we got. However the hallway picture thats up is the basement hallway. As we got a 2nd floor room our hallway was no where near as shabby as that pic. It was all shiny wood and marble. We were at the hotel from 6pm to 6am so we got 3 food vouchers (given to us at the hotel upon check-in) for a snack (anytime), a dinner buffet and a breakfast buffet (set meals were also available if buffet isn't your thing). After freshening up we went right for our snack. The restaurant, which serves all the meals, is gorgeous. Snack consists of either cake or sandwich. We got a delicious chicken sandwich. Refreshments are self-serve.The lobby also had 3 jewelery stores, 1 gift shop and a salon/spa. More than adequate for some gold shopping if you don't have time to go to the gold souk. We went down for the dinner buffet which was very good. There was fried rice, spiced potato wedges, three cheese macaroni, lamb curry, chicken, beef, fish, Indian vegetables, a salad bar, bread area and a dessert bar. Our flight was at 9:20 am so just to be safe we got down to breakfast at 6 am. If you only have carry-on luggage you can take it down to breakfast with you so that you don't have to come back up again. Breakfast was good as well. There was all the typical breakfast fare such as pancakes, two types of egg, sausages, potato, fruit cereal and bread. The shuttle leaves every 15 mins so you really can take your time. It took us a total of 30 mins to get from the hotel to our departure gate. (We only had carry on luggage and already had boarding passes.) Left us plenty of time for the duty free. All in all its a great hotel. I wouldn't mind staying here for a week or so.	
Jan 4 2009 	Terribly unhelpful manager	Spent a night at Millennium during a one-night lay over in Dubai. Efficient transfers to/from airport, room and buffet were adequate and fine. The negatives however, outnumber the positives:The staff is very bureaucratic -- they will insist you take the shuttle 3 hours before your flight even if you already have your boarding pass and you have no baggage to check in. I completely ignored that and took a later shuttle and still had more than ample time at the Airport. No WiFi, not even in the lobby. The &quot;business center&quot; comprises of 2 computers, quite inadequate. But the most terrible experience was the following:The ATM in the lobby malfunctioned and swallowed the card. The ATM was known to malfunction to the staff, and yet the manager took absolutely no responsibility. In fact the manager Mr. Zaarob, he accused us of entering the wrong password. Would not authorize a 5minute phone call to Australia to cancel the card (said we had to pay $5/minute). At one point offered to give &quot;in writing&quot; that the card was safe, and when we accepted, immediately rescinded the offer saying &quot;his superiors won't allow it&quot;. The manager of the Emirates wing, Mr. Jihad Nasser was even less helpful. He yelled at us, said we shouldn't bother him or his staff with our story. Terrible experience.	
Dec 18 2008 	can't find any faults	Stayed here during the connection in Dubai and couldn't find any faults. Quick shuttle transfer from the airport, fast check-in. I was given three vouchers - for dinner, breakfast and refreshments in the bar (and that is very convenient). The room was adequate for 4*, although the bathroom floor was a bit dirty and walls were stained in some places. Nevertheless, there was a bath, shower and bed - all you need to have a rest before the long flight. Regarding the problems with wake-up call - well, I guess everybody has a phone which has a wake-up ringtone. Why rely on the reception? By the way, the breakfast and dinner were nice - lots of fruits, juices, plenty of choice.	
Dec 15 2008 	Not bad for an airport hotel	We were put in this hotel by Emirates as we had an 8 hour stay over in Dubai on the way to Australia. There is not really too much to say about the Emirates side of the hotel. It is clean, the rooms are very big and the staff are helpful. The breakfast buffet was was quite nice. There 2 shops, 2 pubs and a restaurant in the hotel although by the time we got there they were closed. Not a bad place to stay at all for a few hours.	
Dec 2 2008	very expensive	We stayed at the Millenium Airport hotel for one night between flights. The transfer by their own bus was quick and smooth (they have their own desk at the far end of the airport, clearly signed) The staff were very pleasant and the large room was excellent although your sleep may be disturbed by aircraft noises at night. We had an expensive ok snack including an average glass of white wine and a nice pot of tea. We failed to get our requested wakeup call.The room rate was very expensive, 1980 dhms (approx £362, invoice says &quot;room charges &quot; so presumably doesn't include breakfast. This may partly be due to the weak value of the pound.I think that Dubai has had its day - the hotel was very quiet. They are still building in Dubai, hopefully the hotel prices will come down as there is more competition.	
Nov 30 2008 	Great place to stay if you want to go home	You should be aware that this is in fact two hotels.And the gardens mentioned in the description are now a building site. The commercial wing appears quite smart from the outside - but it connects with a more basic hotel - the EK wing (with separate reception and buffet restaurant) used by Emirates to accommodate passengers in transit.I was placed in the &quot;EK&quot; wing of this hotel for 2 nights by Emirates because my flight schedule was disrupted by protests in Bangkok Airport. As a place to sleep waiting for a flight this hotel is vastly superior to camping out in the nearby airport. My room was relatively spacious, high ceiling and clean. Just lacking many of the usual amenities because of the in and out nature of transit passengers.The reception desk is obviously very good at processing large numbers of people - but beware of the Emirates service desk which is staffed by people who have no concept of customer service. The big plus of this hotel if you don't want to be in Dubai is the frequent free shuttle to Terminal 3 which allows you to arrange flights and wait for standby places.	
Aug 4 2008 	Be sure to set your alarm	We were staying in the Millennium for only one night as part of an Emirates stopover. We arrived just before midnight and had a flight out the next morning at 8:00am. At check-in, the counter staff went over details with us such as our flight details for tomorrow and what time we would like our wake up call. They had arranged a call for 6am but I requested an earlier call for 5:30am as I wanted to squeeze in a spot of shopping at the airport. After this we went to our room. The room is more than adequate for an overnight stopover. Clean, comfy beds, nice shower etc etc. The problem came the next morning.My boyfriend and I were dead asleep when our phone rang (the wake up call) telling us it was time to check out. I sat up and checked my phone - it was 7:20am. We freaked out and ran out of our room so fast down to the check out desk. When I got there, I was not happy. I told the staff member our wake up call was for two hours ago and we were not contacted any earlier and there is a good chance we are going to miss our flight. All 10 other staff members behind the counter went silent and looked away. The one guy who would talk to me suggested a cab - I asked if he was going to pay for it and he promptly suggested the bus. The bus arrived 1 minute later so we jumped on. Turns out there was another traveller sitting next to us for the same flight that they failed to wake up. We made our gate by 10 minutes.Overall, for an airport stopover hotel, the wake up call incident is unforgiveable. They of all people should realise the importance of getting such details correct.	
Jul 12 2008 	Fine for a Stopover	Emirates put us up here for a stopover. Very basic but large room. Interconnecting door to next room meant we could hear everything going on there so not easy to get to sleep. Good large bathroom and great breakfast to get us on our way for the next leg of our journey. Persistent wake up calls. Really close to the airport and completely buffered from external noise so all in all very convenient for stopover - especially with shuttle bus every half hour.Note: If you only have a short stopover - get your luggage checked through to your final destination from your departure port and carry on an overnight bag so you don't have to wait to collect your luggage when you arrive in Dubai as it can take up to an hour longer just to get your luggage. For a short stay it's just not worth it.	
Apr 16 2008	Surprise	On a 9 hour layover in Dubai Emirates booked me at the 'Commercial Wing' - which is not the rundown area where EK usually puts up their passengers. It was a surprisingly large room, though not a 5* rated hotel I found it more pleasant than some of the higher rated properties in Dubai. Nice place, convenient location to the airport and complimentary limousine service (by the hotel not Emirates) to the airport!	
Jan 22 2008 	Reasonable Hotel For The Money	One of the advantages this hotel has is its proximity to the Airport. However, building work is on-going in the area so getting to and from it can be a bit of a journey.Freindly staff. Good restraunts and bars and the rooms are, if a little worn in some areas, very comfortable.Other services, like laundry, room service, etc good although room internet access (wired) is expensive.	
Nov 23 2007 	What a good idea	A colleague and I had to go to Sharjah for a lunch meeting on a Sunday - hotels were all busy for a conference in town so we flew in on the morning and back out that night. However the Millenium gave us an 8 hour room - in at 8am and out by 8 pm.This worked a treat - we had a big room with two double beds to get some shut eye after the flight, nice bathroom to freshen up in (but poorly lit) and great location. No aircraft noise despite proximity to airport.Great value and ideally placed for what we needed as a drop in facility.The sports bar is popular with some old soak ex pats but the Italian restaurant on site is good.The pool is closed for a rebuild so we are not staying there in December on a 7 day trip	
Oct 5 2007 	Excellent value for money	This was a very relaxing 6-night stop. The location is great for everything in Dubai.The Staff &amp; facilities at the hotel are amongst the best I have come across.With the choice of 3 in hotel different dining experiences there is definitely one for everyone.I wouldn’t necessarily say it was suitable for children.	
Sep 21 2007	Simple But Nice	Nice hotel with all the basic amenities in place. The carpet in the rooms looked rather worn, and the beddings appeared dated. Aside from that, the service was great. Dinner was very nice... buffet style. Staff were friendly... the wake-up calls came on time. Cannot complain. It is a very short distance to the airport is excellent.	
Aug 17 2007 	Not bad	Stayed for 5 nights . hotel was ok if not a little date in terms of decor. Could not fault the staff and the food was ok. Very popular with business men . Pool was ok, clean and seperate changing rooms. Very near the airport but you would never know the only down side is that its quite far from Jumeriah and the other popular areas. Idea for business but for a holiday expect to get a lot of taxis, too far to walk in the heat	
Aug 17 2007 	Dreadful	I arranged this hotel through my travelagent because of a 14 hour stopover in Dubai. I was travelling as a single woman with two teenage children.The hotel reception area is very nice and shiney and new, but we were then escorted to what was euphemistically called the 'garden rooms', which turned out to be a motel-style family room in the middle of a courtyard. It was appalling. Although clean, the rooms and bathrooms looked little changed from the late 1960's. It would barely have been more than one-star. We were the only ones in this area, and I felt very uncomfortable and isolated the entire night. When we breakfasted in the main hotel building the following morning, it was then I realised that accompanied women (with male partners) and business men were accommodated in the main building. I couldn't get out of there fast enough. Close vicinity to the airport or not, this is not a hotel I recommend.	
Jul 29 2007 	Ok for a short stay	Had to stay at this hotel due to an issue with my flight. The hotel provide a free transfer from the airport, it runs every 15 minutes.It takes about 5 minutes to/from the hotel.The hotel itself is ok, has a nice entrance, the rooms could do with an upgrade although they were quite spacious.There was a nice bar in the hotel, it seems a lot of the locals use it.The staff were good and always eager to help. The food was mediocre. I was told the hotel had a swimming pool, on arrival and after checking in, i was told the pool was being renovated and would take at least 2 months...I would recommend this hotel only for a shorty stay 1-2 nights as it is near the airport.	
Jun 19 2007 	Nice Hotel - Especially for a freebie	We were delayed for 24 hours in Dubai on our return trip from the Maldives and Emirates put us up in the Millenium. Emirates have a wing of the hotel reserved for them with their own check in/customer services and buffet restaurant. The hotel is about 10 mins by mini bus from the airport with transfers running every 30 minutes. Very nice rooms - with comfortable beds.Buffet was very good - we were given vouchers for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner plus light refreshments. Soft drinks were included in the buffet, alcohol is not - Alcoholic drinks are a bit on the pricey side as I found out when I ordered a couple of beers!!!On the negative side - we asked for our cases to be sent on to the hotel so that we had a change of clothes and washing gear for our stay. My wifes case arrived 6 hours later but mine never made it despite several phone calls to Emirates Customer Services and direct to the baggage handlers at Dubai Airport. Spending 48 hours in jeans and t shirt without a change of clothes in 40deg c termperatures is not the most pleasant experience. Although cant mark the hotel down for this.So if you get delayed in Dubai and get told you are off to the Millenium Hotel dont fear - it is not a bad experience at all.	
May 30 2007 	12 hrs Free Transit Stay	My wife and three kids were traveling with Emirates and they had a whole day to catch the next connecting flight at Dubai airport. At the time of booking after my inquiry Emirates booked them a room in this hotel. Changing flight was costing me $150 per ticket so the lady from Emirates solved my problem. Before departure from JFK they gave them a voucher that included (free lunch, free refreshments and free stay). The hotel shuttle provided the pick and drop. They also gave me the telephone number for the hotel so that I can call my family once they are there. Anyway I also got the number and looked the hotel webpage.The hotel is across the airport. The pick and drop service was good and safe. The hotel room was clean and had all the necessary stuff in the bathroom. The free food voucher does not mean a full lunch or dinner. It mostly included snacks and sandwiches and juices. You cannot get water on this voucher. Water you have to buy on your own. There was one water bottle in the room.The staff was helpful and polite and I believe many travellers and foreigners stay there for one reason or the other so they know their duties well. When I called my family I got a prompt response.I would recommend Emirates also for traveling as this was our first experience with them and we got an excellent service. They have clean and new airplanes and great meals and entertainment while onboard. They were helpful at all stages of booking, boarding and inquiries to my concerns. My main concern was safety and a clean room so that my family can stay and rest and they got that. So this hotel was excellent from this perspective.	
Apr 11 2007 	Overall- a good airport hotel.	We only stayed here as it was a free night from Emirates as our plane to Thailand was leaving early the next morning. Our room 2226 was very spacious with two double beds, lounge, coffee table, mini bar (empty) and TV. Basically, this hotel is an airport hotel which serves a purpose and I was actually surprised to see the standard and quality of the room to be OKAY.The bathroom was spacious but lacked any real toiletries only two sachets, one soap and shampoo. Coming from Milan where new airline regulations apply regarding carry on items such as gels, shampoos we were highly disappointed that this hotel had not supplied necessary amenities to travellers.Our free breakfast was a cheese sandwich and a cold cup of coffee. I’m not complaining as it was a free night accommodation and one does have to take this into account. The hotel is approx 5 minutes away from Dubai International Airport with a free shuttle bus. I have given this hotel a 3 star rating, mainly because of the lack of decent toiletries available.	
Apr 5 2007	Way above your normal AIrport Inn	I was responsible for organizing the transit of 13 passengers through Dubai (including a night) and the Millennium was very accomodating. From the first time I dealt with the sales team until I checked out the following day. What a great experience. The rooms are cheaper than many of the other hotels in the vicinity and for transit needs it was perfect. The pool is need of work but the manager explained that they are getting ready to open a new wing which will have all brand new sport and leisure facilities. My room was a Deluxe King and was very comfortable with a couch and small coffee table. The bathroom probably needed updating but it was clean and served its purpose.The amenities on the property are fantastic. Biggles English Pub is a perfect place for a drink or to watch your favorite sporting event. Da Vinci's Italian was where my entire group had dinner and even for Dubai - the price was very reasonable. Cactus Jack's is a SouthWest Grill and was packed the night I stayed.For the money and the amount of time I spent at this hotel - they could do no wrong. Its very convenient to Terminal 1 with free transport to and from. The Millennium is right across the street from one of the Rotana properties and is literally half the price.I have nothing bad to say about this place. If you are expecting 5-star luxury then you may want to search elsewhere but if you need a great location with everything you could want - this is the place for you.	
Feb 18 2007	I hated the Millennium Chalet/ Motel room	Hotel was listed as a 3 Star Hotel but when I booked I did not realise that they also had a no Star Chalet / Motel on the site The Motel room was grubby &amp; smelly although bed was comfortable &amp; clean. Pool water was OK but tables, chairs etc were again dirty. The pool area could be do with a major paint / decor job. Food was excellent valueThe happy hour offering was discontinued 2 years ago but websites still list it	
Jun 13 2006	Free Layover Stay	So I missed my connection and Emirates set me up at this hotel for free. It was okay... a lot cleaner than the budget hotels that have been reviewed on this site in the Dubai Arear. The food is quite decent as well. The only thing that bothered me was that the door was extremely difficult to open, and I had to flag down a housekeeper to get it open for me, and even he had problems with it.If you need a place close to the airport, it will suit your purposes.	
Apr 21 2006	Can be reccomended to any extent	Stayed in their Deluxe Wing last week and experienced excellent personalised service right from the door to the Cashier on check out.Very European oriented and definetely maximum value for money as the F&amp;B promotions with beverages make up for the room rate.	
Apr 3 2006	Warm service !	I stayed there for 12 hours. Speedy Laundry service. Friendly Philipino and Indian staff. Food was edible.regular shuttle to the airport. Its damn close to the airport. Most rooms have broad band cable provision.Deposit of $30 need to be made at the reception to make international calls via operator from the room.There is also a shop to get all ur toiletries and essentials.Not bad as it seems from other reviews.	
Aug 22 2005	Arrogant staff and poor service	I have stayed in a variey of 5 star hotels throughout the world. But this the first time I stayed at a hotel (3 star, if that!) where visitors are not allowed into your room. They have security guards patrolling the front area and questioning anyone accessing the elevator. My 18 yr old nephew came to visit and he was abruptly stopped and after I argued the point about allowing guests to my room; they mentioned that this is allowed as long as the guest levaes a piece of ID at the front desk. However, they did not mention this rule to anyone else, only to me because I argued with them. The staff could learn some manners in civility as well. Stay away from this hotel!!!	
Mar 5 2005	Highly overpriced "chalets" and arrogant service	My husband and I have stayed twice at the Airport Millenium Hotel in their 'budget' section which they call chalets! They were priced at 3500 UAE dirhams and are very old (especially by Dubai standards) motel type units at the back of the hotel. The bedspread had a cigarette burn in it and the furnishings must be the originals i.e very worn and very dated! An absolute rip off but with accommodation often being difficult to find in Dubai these days they demand and can get these prices!On the first occasion we stayed there they had not recorded our booking and the manager refused to accept responsibility for it even though we could prove we had booked! We had a lot of difficulty finding alternative accommodation and the management were not co-operative!	
Jul 4 2004	great experience	food service people were great. it was very good experience to stay there	
Sep 25 2009	ottimo		
Jul 10 2009 	???????????????????????		
Feb 23 2009 	Un buen hotel de tránsito		
