	Paradise	I can only describe it as PARADISE. Mina A´Salam is my favourite Hotel in the world. The honeymoon room was romantic and just so exotic! The Hotel is pure luxury... The rooms, the view, the service, the staff, restaurants, spaar and other facilities are the best I have ever met so far. It was my 4th visit to Dubai, and I will keep on returning mainly because of my experience at the Mina A' Salam. Thank you for such great Hospitality!	
Nov 24 2009 	Impeccable	We got an amazing Ramadan Offer from the online booking to stay in the hotel which normally is out of reach of budget travelers likes us. Three of us were allowed in the room, which was real luxurious and elegant. Package also included free trip to Wild Wadi which would normally have cost us Dh. 180/-. Hotel and Wild Wadi were wonderful experience, neat and clean , not best in class but world class. As expected the price of food and restaurants were on higher side possibly to match high quality and standards. I would like to visit for a longer stay if given special offer again. ..Saguna, Toronto	
Nov 13 2009 	Another excellent holiday	This was our second visit to this hotel. Our last was during Ramadan and it was not as busy as on this visi,t but even so the place was in no way crowded. We have always found the staff to be very helpful and friendly. The guest relations staff are always willing to help you make any reservations. Annis and Stephanie were always there to help.The kids club which is situated at the Al Qasr we found to be excellent . Our six year old could'nt get enough of it. There is a structured programme throughout the day for different age groups. The kids club is well staffed with and has lifeguards in the water play area. All the restaurants in the complex are very good. Our favourites are Pia Thai, Mj's Steak house and The Marina. Some do restrict access to children later in the evening and one or two do not serve them at all so check with guest relations.The rooms are of an excellent standard and very well appointed. The room service staff make it fun by leaving little gifts and making animal shapes with the towels, they work very hard. There is an excellent gym which I didn't get to on our first visit. The equipment is fantasti,c brand new and I never once found it busy. There is also an indoor lap pool with Spa attached.The general standard and quality of the property and friendliness and helpfulness of the staff will ensure we return again next year.	
Nov 11 2009 	Honeymoon	After getting married in Mauritius (The Oberoi Hotel) and going to Dubai for the last 4 days honeymoon it was disapointing. We paid to have our room check in early but had to wait 4 hours in the lobby, no honeymoon gifts or special treatment. The hotel was clean and tidy but the staff were not as friendly as they could have been.	
Nov 7 2009	Great Base in Dubai	Having arrived in dubai at 5 in the morning!!!!! we were hoping for a warm welcome to the hotel. Checking in was good, Lan who also checked us out was wonderful with her service. However as the hotel was 100% the night before we couldn't get into the room but we could use hotel facilites and i decided to have breakfast, which was very good! but didn't go again on the holiday as i know i would be pull for the entire day! The pool at mina is small however and much nicer enviroment to that of the very busy al qasr, they did bring round cold flannels and ice lollies, WATER was not provided for free which me and my mum felt was a silly mistake by the hotel due to the heat in dubai. The beach was also nice but found it quite strange that you could walk along the beach all the way to the jumeriah beach hotel without getting stopped.the room we were given was well, not in the best of location. It was room 112 on the first floor in the middle section of the hotel. However the balcony we overlooked by the bashri bar, which in the evening was very busy so we couldnt sit on the balcony.The selection of restuarant in the resort is good, dinner a pierchic is expensive but is good quality, service and the few is well amazing! phai thai is also good however did like shimmers on the beach and one meat restuarant in the souk more.overall great hotel and plan to go to the resort at least next time i go to dubai!	
Nov 1 2009 	Excellent and luxurious but costly	My husband and I loved our stay at the Mina A Salam. Our room had a superb view of the Burg Al Arab and the sea. (Arabian Deluxe).The facilities on offer were excellent and the staff couldn't do enough to help.Drinks by the swimming pool or on the beach were relatively expensive and this included bottled water. A shame really, we can understand beverages being charged however paying for still water is a little rich bearing in mind the rooms are provided with complimentary bottles! tip - ask the waiters to provide a bucket of ice for your bottles of water.Recommend the abra boats to get around, they are free to all hotel guests and the views at night are spectacular. The Thai restaurant is not to be missed, excellent food and not too bad prices.We did get to go in the Burg Al Arab although it is recommended you avoid going there on a Friday, as everyone enjoys a long brunch.All in all a memorable stay and highly recommend this hotel.	
Nov 1 2009 	Beautiful Hotel/Location - Not very nice staff/food	We are just back from our trip to Dubai and would not stay in the Mina A Salam again. Although the hotel itself is absolutely beautiful and it was so lovely travelling around externally on the Abra's and having a wonderful souk on the resort, we just didnt feel comfortable or welcome. There was no atmosphere at all in the hotel. We found the staff in general very rude, especially the resturaunt staff, and some of the buggy staff, and I would agree with a previous review on this site, that the lack of adherence to queque's was very annoying. We have previously stayed in other 5* hotels in Dubai this year, (Atlantis and Westin) and we were very sorry that we chose Mina A Salam and not returned to these proper 5* hotels. The food was very basic, not at all 5*, and we travelled each day to Jumeriah Beach Hotel to eat, as their food was excellent. Therefore, we concluded that we should have booked Jumeriah Beach rather that Mina A Salaam. In summary, we would never choose Mina A Salaam again, when there are fantastic all round excellent resorts available, i.e. The Westin Hotel and The Atlantis!	
Oct 31 2009 	great stay once again	I have just got back from the hotel after spending 5 days there with my family, including my 8 month old granddaughter. It was my 3rd time at the hotel and once again everything from the staff, rooms , service and food was perfect. All the staff were friendly and went out of their way to make our stay as relaxed as possible.A great hotel and we will be returning next year with the rest of our family.I must add that it is the only hotel I have ever returned to and I have been fortunate enough to have stayed at some lovely hotels all over the world. A great place to go to to relax.	
Oct 26 2009 	Fantastic Hotel with some small problems	We spent 6 nights in this resort as the fourth part of our honeymoon and i could not reccomend enough for anyone to go to we loved it.GOOD POINTSROOM was excellent, bed is amazing very comfy, its extremely clean too.STAFF mixed review some really good and poliet especially the front door staff and the concierge, the staff that drive the buggys and boats dont seem to work in ques so you can be queing to catch one and another person not from england and dont believe in queing will walk up and get straight on and you have to wait again this is where the drivers should be saying get off and wait in the que like everyone else, i made a complaint about this nd nothing was done and the hotel did not get back to me about the complaint.LOCATION was excellent for us, be aware it not near to everything but the hotel do provide free transport for you to get to the malls etc.FOOD we went B&amp;B and the breakfast is the best i have ever seen there is something for everyone and until 11.00 which is good too, could not fault the food at all, we only ate in the hotel once as we like to eat out and we ate in the steak house which was fantastic.Like i said before we ate out if anyone like to i could recommend some really good places we visited,Rib Room in emirates tower was the best place we went to if you go visit 51st floor bar WOWBuddha Bar in Grosvenor House Hotel again excellentSpectrum on One, really goodSpice Island, Renaissance Hotel, All-you-can-eat buffee from around the world, really good.would not advise the restaurant we went to but at the dubai mall there is a few places to eat and you can eat outside while watching the largest dancing fountains in the world which are amazing and well worth going to see.WEATHER was fantasticWILD WADI waterpark you get free entrance into when staying at this hotel which is excellentBAD POINTSWELCOME after the welcome i was disappointed and wanted to move i am glad we stayed though as one of the only bad points, when we arrived there was a bit of hassel and one thing that was not told to us and has not been said on trip advisor is the reception ask you if you will be payin cash or card within the hotel, so we said cash as that was our plan then he asked for £600, £100 per night (which you get back at the end or will pay for what you use) we did not have enough spending money and £600 to give them so they said we had to give a credit card and they wont take the money just use as a guarantee, when i checked my credit card they had taken it off, i think you should have the choice or should be a smaller amount than £100 per night.There is no entertainment in the the hotel on a night timeAll in all would recommend this resort to anyone and will be coming back, just has some small problems	
Oct 24 2009 	Worth it!	We loved this hotel! We had a goregous balcony room overlooking the Persian Gulf. It was a short walk to the beach with an attentive staff to look after your every need. Every set of chairs had an umbrella and a beautiful view of the ocean. Every night there were little treats on our pillows. The room service was quick and efficient. This hotel is on the same property as the Al Qsar hotel and as such we enjoyed a short walk to their beautiful pool area and restaurants. There are also golf cart shuttles and the abar boats to transport you around the property. Our favorite restaurant was The Wharf where the steak and fish were both excellent choices. The Souk is a shopping and dining venue located between the two hotels and we did all our &quot;souvenir&quot; shopping there, plus if you're looking for a break from the cultural cuisine there are some American style fast food places there. The location of the hotel was perfect and we can't wait to go back!	
Oct 20 2009 	HEAVEN	Exeeded all our expectations. we where in pure luxury. The rooms, the view, the service and facilities are the best we have ever met so far. It was our first visit to Dubai and will return again mainly because of our experience at the Mina A' Salam.	
Oct 19 2009 	I wish all my holdays were like this	It took me a while to write this review because it was a corperate event it was slightly different than going on holiday with my wife or family however it was so good i decided to post even after this amount of time it and it is still the trip I talk about all the time I stayed with a work colleague in a bungalow I think it was room 9-11 but not 100% we travelled back and forth on the small boats which was a n excellent experience as you came around the corner and saw how superb this hotel was the service was second to none breakfast was always hot and served with a smile we had a meal on the beach the second night and again service was superb in the bungalow every night was happy hour were drinks were served free and snacks which was a great treat the rooms are huge and everything you needed was there bath large shower dressing room and double vanity the only down side was not enough time to explore this hotel fully but I'm sure I will return one day	
Oct 16 2009 	Fantastic hotel	We stayed at this hotel in the last month September and have nothing but praise for it. We expected a high standard and we certainly were not disappointed. The ratio of staff to guests is very high and it shows..Nothing was too much trouble, as a guest of this hotel you are welcome to use the facilities of the Al Qasr and Jumeirah Beach hotel, plus free entry to Wild Wadi water park, The Hotel has an half hourly bus service into the Emirates Shopping mall, always on time, very efficient service and very useful.There is nightlife- each evening we had enjoyed hearing the music from our room, we would recommend this hotel particularly for couples.	
Oct 14 2009 	STILL THE BEST IN DUBAI STAFF 2ND TO NONE	I am writing this review firstly to thank the staff at the 'Mina' for everything they did whilst we were there! We had to leave early as my son was taken ill at home so we had to fly home asap! All of this was sorted out by Chicco the concierge, who couldn't have done anymore than he did (bar hire a private jet and fly us home). I would like to send my thanks to him as he helped me in a very stressful time. This was our 2nd stay, and it was as good as the first without doubt. We have stayed in the JBH and the Al Qasr also. It is more suited to couples as it seems quieter than the Al Qasr.We are without doubt returning next year with the kids and my parants, you can not fault the Jumeirah Hotels! Again, thank you, thank you Chicco! xxx	
Oct 11 2009 	Paradise	It was an experience of a life time. Truly a 5 Stars Hotel, from checking in and out. Hotel offer free ride to visit Burj Al Arab, free entry to Water Park, free shuttle to Shopping Mall.....Specially arrangement for our anniversary. View from hotel balcony was simply incredible. Highly recommended!!!	
Oct 9 2009 	Fantastic hotel but......	This was our second time staying at the Mina A Salam, the last time we stayed for 10 days, this time we were staying for 4 days, starting our honeymoon before moving on to Mauritius. The hotel is still amazing and the staff are still great. It is spotlessly clean and the facilities are great. The trips on the Abras are still fanastic. The pools on are great at the Mina and at Al Qasar. The choice of restaurants on offer are still fantastic, catering for every palette. There are plenty of indoor venues to hide away from the humidity! The rooms are excellent, great size, well equipped and with lovely decor. The disappointments for us were that when we were arrived, we were a honeymoon couple, it was clearly marked on our booking and the hotel's system that we had been there before. There was nothing done by the hotel. This hotel is not cheap to stay in but surely it wouldn't hurt to do a little bit to make a honeymoon couple feel special? Flower petals on the bed, sparkling wine or even a note saying welcome to the newly married couple! Also through speaking to staff we found out that there was 60% occupancy at the time. When we came to check out, they could not facilitate us with a late check out or even give us a reasonable rate for a 6.00pm check out. We had to check out at 12.00 midday and they wanted to charge us over €250 to stay until 6.00pm. Surely it would have made sense to take €100 or €150 for a room until 6.00pm when you only have 60% occupancy. Still a great hotel, we had a great time. They do know how to do 5 star. On returning from our last stay in the Mina we could not wait to get back and we recommended the hotel to everyone. I would go back to Dubai but after this experience, I would look at alternative hotels also.	
Sep 28 2009 	Outstanding and HOMESICK!!!	Imagine...took me a year to get to write this?!!! I am just reminising our trip to Mina last Sept 08 and I just want to say...I will never holiday anywhere else.......a true gem of a spot and the staff are a credit to Mr Lawlor and his team! WE will be back and I am really missing the resort as its Heaven on EARTH for sure :) ..................	
Sep 23 2009 	Perfect End to Holiday	We stayed here for 2 days on the way back to the UK from a 3 week Honeymoon. What a wonderful place, the staff were excellent bringing ice creams and cold flannels free of charge on a regular basis whilst by the sea. On arrival we had Champagne, Strawberries &amp; Chocolates. The complex of hotels with all the Restaurants was superb, if you like Chinese you must try The Noodle House. The Burj was great to visit for an hour and the staff treated you like guests. The view from the top was excellent. The hotel gave us plenty of warning of a religious festival which meant we could not buy alchohol giving us plenty of time to order room service. No wonder this place is top on Trip Advisor.	
Sep 21 2009 	Out of this world!	The trip didn't get off to a good start - an overenthusiastic receptionist and a reservations misunderstanding resulted in us having to wait hours for our rooms. However, having reported the problem to the Duty Manager (Nicole) and Manager (Mahmoud), the problems were resolved and from then on, everything was perfect. Thank you Nicole and Mahmoud for resolving the intial issues and going above and beyond thereafter.Pros - customer service is as good as anywhere we've stayed, including 5* hotels in London, Europe, US and Asia; the rooms are great - Arabian rooms with their view of Wild Wadi and the Burj (some road noise in the night) and Ocean rooms with their view of the ocean and the Burj. Half board package gave us a choice of 4 restaurants and the food was superb. Resort is outstanding - buggies to get you around externally, abras to get you around internally. THE best gym and leisure complex. Beach has everything you need for a chill out. No building work anywhere near the hotel, unlike the rest of Dubai.Cons - not many! Drinks expensive, but it is a 5* resort and this is Dubai; sometimes difficult to get an Abra from the Mina station because it is not manned in the night, room service requests not always acted upon when they are busy.Other pointers - visit the Al Qasr next door for a buffet dinner, different atmosphere and nice change. Use your free entry to Wild Wadi - it's a lot of fun; shuttle bus to the Mall of the Emirates lets you connect with the metro, although not many stations open at present. Taxi to airport should be less than 60AED on the meter, more going the other way because of the initial 20AED airport charge. Visit the Burj in the morning and get the panoramic lift to the 27th floor, get the other panoramic lift back down and you'll have had great views of the Palm and the World.We will definitely be going back to the Mina.	
Sep 21 2009 	What a wonderful hotel - loved it!!	I stayed at the Mina A' Salam on the 11th/14th Sept. Upon arrival we were upgraded to an Ocean View room which was a lovely unexpected and much appreciated gesture. As we arrived early our upgraded room wasn't ready but this wasn't a problem, as the reception offered to call us as soon as our room was ready. As we knew we were arriving early we had prepared for this and had our beach essentials to hand and off to the pool we went. As we arrived around lunch time we headed to the pool bar restaurant and we're greeted by a friendly and helpful member of staff, who offered us a lovely cold refreshing face cloth, which smelt amazing, very refresing. We ordered and ate, food and service was great, after lunch another refreshing face cloth was offered - perfect end to a lovely meal in the Dubai heat. As we didn't have a room number to charge, I thought this may cause a problem, not all, I gave him my name and signed the bill. I later went to bar to ask a question and mentioned to staff member who had served me that i think I've a room now, we've had a missed from the hotel, so you can charge the room but I don't know what the number is - the bartender over heard this conversation and asked me if I was Miss X and I said yes and he told me my room number - very helpful and efficient, my room had already been charged and I hadn't checked into my room yet, very well run operation.After a lovely relaxing afternoon by the pool/beach, we checked into our room, it was spotless and very comfortable and stylish, loved all the extra touches, had a fantastic view of sea and the waterway around the hotel. Bed was very comfy, slept well throughout my stay, room was very sound proof, I really liked the room, it was very cosey and well maintained. As a guest of this hotel you are welcome to use the facilites of the Al Qasr and Jumeirah Beach hotel, plus free entry to Wild Wadi waterpark, we made the most of all these opportunies, had a great day at the waterpark followed by a pool crawl - we went to all the hotels pools, stopped for lunch again at the Mina and used our discout voucher for lunch, very useful discount voucher book given you upon arrival, which gives you discount meals various restaurants throughout Mina &amp; Al Qasr, which we took advantage of. The Al Qsar pool is beautiful, large pool, with plenty of comfy beds, great poolside service, with all the extra touches - ice lollies, orange slices, cucumber slices for your eyes, lovely place to spend a relaxing day, ate here as well, food again was great and plentiful.The Mina has an half hourly bus service into the Emerates Shopping mall, always on time, very efficient service and very useful, used to get this bus and then get the metro and then a short taxi ride to get to the Mina Bazar - this cost 24 dirhams as opposed to 60/70 dirhams by taxi alone. Also went to the Emerates one night for some essential shopping!!I have to say the staff at this hotel, can't do enough for you and are so helpful, pleasant and polite, I have travelled a lot and only stay in mainly 5* hotels but I have to say this hotel is my favourite to date - the Shangri la, Kowloon Bay, comes close as it's very slick and a lovely hotel and great staff but not as great as those at the Mina, I enjoyed my stay so much. They really do go that a bit extra to ensure you enjoy your stay there.I will give one more example of this - we settled bill the night before we checked out as we had an early start. We enquired about breakfast, as we believed the restaurant didn't open till 06:30 am and the staff member informed us that we can order a free continentail breakfast in our room by completing the request form in our room. We did this and as promised on the form we received a call 10 mins before I breakfast was delivered on a lovely displayed table, complete with rose. The staff member asked us to sign for this as we had already cleared our bill, we explained to him that we're told this was free and that we would take this up with reception when we checked out. Went to reception to hand our keys in and explained that we had been asked to pay for this breakfast but we had been told by reception the evening before this was free. Reception informed us that the restaurant is open 24 hrs which we weren't aware of but this wasn't problem and completed a form which we signed and that was the end of the matter - excellent service, no quarms or problems, was very pleased that we didn't have to deal with this problem due to being given wrong information, as this would have tainted our perfect stay at the Mina A' Salam. So it was the perfect stay, thank you to all staff that made our stay soooo great, I will be coming back very soon!!!	
Sep 20 2009 	Luxury and attentiveness	My husband &amp; I stayed in this beautiful hotel for 6 nights before heading on to Mauritius. The hotel is located on an absolutely perfect and beautiful beach front location, and although it is a large establishment (which I'll explain later), it was especially clean and ideally located to enable all visitors to go and see places of interest (via taxi or tour... it's certainly not the kind of location where you will wander to the next village or into the city ). It was our 10th wedding anniversary - however this aside, we would throughly reccommend this hotel to everyone - couples; families with children and older travelers. Once inside this spacious hotel and after checking in, our bags were taken to our room and we went (via lift) in search of Room 304. We had reserved an ocean view delux room (B&amp;B basis), and oh my goodness - we couldn't have imagined what this would entail! The room was both spacious and luxurious ...although at first the large dark brown furniture was a little overwhelming. The room was perfctly subdivided in that upon entering there was a &quot;see through&quot; division (above the bed head), and to the left which formed a passage to the bathroom. Within this area there was a dressing table, ice box and wardrobe (with iron + board, hair dryer, safety box and the usual hanging / storage space for clothing etc). Iceis available antime - just ring and ask for it! The bathroom was huge too, and whilst the toilet was self contained there was a large shower, bath, and &quot;his &amp; her&quot; sinks. Everything as you would expect in a 5*:- shampoo, moisturiser, large and small fluffy towels, with soap, face towels and other little bits and pieces. Bathrobes and slippers too, which prove really useful as we don't get much room to take these things with us nowadays! The main part of the room (obviously housing a king size bed) also boasts large sofa, table, and chair for lounging, a desk (writing paper, pens, computer link, and all the hotel information) a large t.v. (remote control) and fridge (stocked to capacity). Incidentally, a small botte of water for each person is supplied on a daily basis, and it is possible to remove the contents and replace with your own beverages etc, (Hotel purchases as you would expect, are very pricey). Fruit bowl was replenished throughout the stay and the champagne (for our anniversary) was very welcome,....as was the facility of selecting and watching DVD's through the TV at no cost!The most wonderful thing about the room was the view from the balcony (which had 2 chairs and table) - I spent a lot of my time in the evenings after dinner (whch we had outside of the hotel due to the fact that each night could have cost minimum of £80 each)sitting out here, watching the passers by (in boats mostly); and I was spell bound by the colours of the Burj al Arab as they changed constantly thoughout the night/ early morning. We could see the ocean and the hotel pool.... but let me explain the boats! From what I understand &quot;The Madinat Jumeraih&quot; - where this hotel is situated... is an area which comprises 3 hotels - Mina A Salam &amp; Al Qsar (next door) both boutique hotels, styled to resemble an Arabian citadel and the Dar Al Masayaf (summer houses). This means that there are some 45 restaurants, bars, a fitness centre, spa etc for you to choose from. These are all accessbile va the &quot;boats&quot; which operate daily (through to the early hours) as the complex is almost like a mini Venice for want of a better description. The journeys are free - and it is possible to take a tour around at anytime to view the entire complex - I would suggest night time!) Do - you wat to go somewhere in the resort to eat - take a boat (instead of walking if you wish) - certainly less time consuming and the breeze is welcome too). I suppose some refer to the boats as &quot;abra's&quot;, which means water taxi - though remember - here these trips are free). The Mina A'Salam is also sited on the boardwalk - so it is possbile to stroll along by the beach or to hop on what appears to be golf buggies (again free of charge) for those who don't want to walk. These go to the afore mentioned hotels (left) and to the Burj and Jumeriah Beach Hotel (both to the right). A nice touch is that you can gain entrance to the Burj (FOC) to view the 7* hotel a specified times whithout having to reserve a meal (which is the normal requirement should you wish to get inside). Make sure you dress up for this or you wont gain entrance - the foyer, mezzanine florr and the restaurant (level 23?) are worth the trip as it is possible to take some grat photo's of the beach areas from this vantage point. The pool at the hotel is large and has plenty of beds (FOC) - toewls are presented to you and once you sign in, you can stay there all day, or come and go as you please. I particualry enjoyed it when the waiters came around distributing fruit or ice lollies at no cost as I lay basking in the sunshine! Breakfast is in deed a &quot;feast&quot;, and I don't understand how anyone would complain about this meal or service. The choice is huge - continental, or full breakfast means yoiu can combine (self service) an omelette with a bowl of cereal, coffee and otast - it have something more local should you want (I'm a plain eater) but my husband had something new each day and thought it easily possbile to fill up enough to miss out on lunch completely (which was great for me as I didn't need to move from the sun lounger).There are burgers, chips; fruit platters and drinks available at the bar area or these can be served at the poolside should you prefer.There is an amazing aray of shops for brousing around - located under the belly of the hotel - this makes shopping a &quot;cooler&quot; experieince and serves to break up the day if you find it too hot to stay out doors. We ventured here many an afternoon for an icercream or milk shake - and there is a wide variety of touristy shops were you canpurchase gifts for those back home too.It is possible to take a bus fro the resort to the hopping centres - e.g. Dubai Centre / Mall of the Emirates... and this is what we did each evening in order to have something more substantial for tea. There is any amount of fast food, and on one trip we managed to find an Italian Restaurant for a more &quot;plush&quot; dining experieince. This is how we kept our spending down - as we couldn't have have afforded to eat in the hotel every evening had we wanted to.So folks, there is plenty to do whilst staying at this hotel - the service is particularly good, and as a little treat each evening, I looked forward to my book mark and placed bets with my husband about what shape I would find the towel on my bed in... elephant, swan, dog - all quite amazing little touches, most of which have eyes!You can't but love it here - and I suppose if you can afford to pay the accommodation rates you may well be able to eat in the hotel - we chose not to, and kept our pennies for the next week of our holiday.No alcohol either unless you have an exceedingly fat wallet - cheapest bottle of wine approx. £45... so maybe consider taking a few in your suitcase, cos you can't buy anywhere unless you have a licence - which we discovered take 1 month to obtain!! There is nihtlife- each evening we could hear music from our room - but we were too tired to avial of these services. You have free entrance to the Wild Water Park too if you are energetic, and loads of choice with regard to trips to the desert etc - again we ddn't experience these as we thought it would be too hot, and prefered to lie in a heap at the pool (there is a private beach with free loungers too),Some travellers seemd a little diasppointed in their room locations - tehy were quite a way from the pool and couldn't see much - we were maybe lucky?	
Sep 18 2009 	Great Hotel	I went to Dubai for my honeymoon and stayed at this grand hotel. First impressions was Wow!! The service was great. All the staff was very polite and helpful. The hotel was very grand, clean and the rooms was very big. They knew we were there for our honeymoon and in the evening they left us some champaign and strawberry's for us to celebrate.I would strongly recommend this hotel to everyone and we will definitely go again.	
Sep 12 2009 	Absolutely gorgeous! My best stay in Dubai by far.	I travel through Dubai every several months or so, and I am put up in a budget hotel by the airport by my company. This was my first opportunity to stay in Dubai for a couple of days at my own leisure, and I chose the Mina based mostly off of the reviews from Trip Advisor.The location of this hotel, directly in the middle of Jumeriah Beach, couldn't be more perfect. The entire resort is absolutely gorgeous. The canals run through the whole complex, which is made up of a couple different hotels, shops, and restaurants. All of which are top-notch. I was picked up from the airport by the hotel. The service was fantastic from the start. The driver was great, and chatted me up with what was going on in Dubai since it was the start of Ramadan. The lobby of the hotel was beautiful and the staff at the front desk were great.The room was better than I had envisioned. The decor was incredible, and I loved the style. Every far-exceeded my expectations. I had a beautiful view of the canal below and a good glimpse of the Gulf as well. If there's anything you need the staff will be up to your room right away to help you. I wanted to know where the ice machine was located on my floor, and the staff insisted on getting it themselves and bringing it to my room.The Mina is everything you would expect from &quot;Arabian luxury.&quot; Make sure you take a ride on the Abor, which are the little boats that travel the canals. I took one to the Thai restaurant in the resort, which I might add was fantastic!The next time I stay in Dubai for more than a couple of days, I will most certainly be staying here again.	
Sep 10 2009 	Complete 	This hotel could not be improved upon. The staff are friendly and attentive. The rooms are lovely &amp; spacious, we had a basic Arabian room, every night clean towlels are replenished, water put by your bed &amp; a small gift left on your bed. The restaurants within the hotel complex are too pricey. The Madinet souk within the hotel complex has some great restaurants that offer good value for money. The hotel runs a free courtesy bus to Emirates Mall every half an hour. Lots of places to eat there. Or jump in a taxi and ask to be taken to Hilton Hotel. When you get out of taxi you will see lots of restaurants opposite that place is called 'The Walk' a really nice area. The hotel sits within a complex so you can use facilities in the other two hotels. These are easily reached by either a water boat or a buggy. I can honestly say I have never stayed in such a wonderful hotel and was very sad to leave	
Sep 8 2009 	Quite possibly the best hotel I have ever stayed in	Just returned from 10 night stay at Mina A'Salam hotel from 27th August to 6th September and felt compelled to write on Trip Adviisor for the frist time to recommend the hotel as quite possibly the best hotel we have ever stayed in. The hotel facilities and attention to detail were amazing as were all the staff who were well trained and attentive whilst not being over bearing in any way. This was my first trip to Dubai although my husband had been many times over ten years ago with his job, and I can't wait to go back..Yes it is hot in August /September but we loved it. Yes it is expensive to eat and drink whilst you are over there but as long as you budget for this and use the discount vouchers provided in your welcome pack in the hotel (posibly a Ramadan promotion) then it is fine and all the food is beautifully cooked and presented with fairly large portions. If you enjoy plush surroundings, excellent food and service and shopping until 1am every day then a stay at the Mina A Salam is a must. We honestly can't think of any thing negative to say about this hotel.Paul &amp; Hazel Hampshire, UK	
Sep 3 2009 	True 5* Start to Finsh	Stayed for 5 nights celebrating 40th birthday and wedding anniversary. Could'nt fault any aspect. Booked Ocean Deluxe room, fantastic views overlooking waterways, beach and out on the Burj. Food in the restaurants and by the pool excellent. Staff very friendly, can't do enough for you and make you feel unbelievably special. We were asked on numerous occasions if we were celebrating a special occasion when in the restaurants and bars and were given either free drinks or other treats when we said we were. Pierchic fish restaurant has to be tried, pricey but definitely worth it. Skyview bar at the Burq also a must. Was our first time in Dubai but won't be our last, would'nt consider staying elsewhere.	
Sep 2 2009 	Excellent from start to finish didn't want to come home!	This was our first time to Dubai and certainly won't be our last.This hotel had been recommended to us and we must say it met all our expectations. When we arrived at the hotel the reception staff were most welcoming and very helpful.The staff in the restaurant always greeted you will a smile and could not do enough for you they want out of their way to try and please you. The guys who work around the pool area work extremely hard especially in that heat a big thank you to Anil who was always very helpful.The level of service was just excellent and we have never experienced this before from any of our holidays.Look forward to coming back sometime in the near future.Mr G Singh &amp; family	
Aug 31 2009 	WOW	Geniales Hotel, just do it! its a place where you can relax and have fun at the beach and everywhere. the restaurants are one better than the other and the service is great. the free shuttle to the shopping mall &quot;Mall of the emirates&quot; is great!	
Aug 26 2009 	Lovely break	Excellent Hotel, friendly helpful staff, lovely views (synthetic but its Dubai). Was very Hot but when you are only resting by or in the pool not a problem especially with cold towels, ice lollies and cucumber slices. Free entry to the Wild Wadi waterpark. Current AED/£ exchange rate makes prices high compared to a few years ago, but when you factor in the drinks prices etc are also paying for maintaining the lovely surroundings and plentiful attentive staff its not so bad.Impressive towel sculpture every night and little presents a nice touch. My daughter enjoyed the novelty of traveling by boat between areas.	
Aug 25 2009 	The best in Dubai	Having stayed at four other hotels in Dubai this is undoubtedly the best. The rooms are clean and large and the beds and pillows are something else. We even purchased a pillow as they were so comfortable! We felt very safe and comfortable throughout the hotel. The amazing canal waterway offered the opportunity to venture to other parts of the complex and the fabulous souk. The hotel offers views overlooking Jumeriah Beach which is a real advantage as few hotels offer the opportunity to step out into the warm Arabian Gulf. All of the staff are attentive, pleasant and nothing was too much trouble. The restaurants we visited on site offered a wide selection of food from great fish to wonderful pizzas, a hidden gem on the beach called shimmers. My Family and I were sorry to leave and can’t wait to return and have booked again in October!	
Aug 24 2009 	Best hotel stayed so far in our vacations	We planned a getaway trip to Dubai to relax and we book Mina Al Salam. We did not know the beauty of this hotel/resort until you arrive at the entrance of the hotel. It's amazing the hotel. The rooms are big and lot of space for the children to walk around. The Wadi Wild waterpark besides him and the view of the Burd Al Arab will make a very unforgiveable moments of this hotel. The only down side is the restaurants and food that are very expensive.We will return next year to this same hotel.	
Aug 24 2009 	There are no superlatives good enough for this place	This was our second visit to the Mina A Salam. We could not have imagined they could improve on our visit in 2008, but they did. The decor, rooms, pool and beach were all equally good, but the service lifted another notch from first class to best in class. The staff at Mina are unrivalled in terms of their helpfulness, cheerfulness and respectfulness. The staff may come from more than 100 countries, but they all provide the same premier customer service. Don't stay anywhere else in Dubai. If you can, consider booking the limo to and from the airport.	
Aug 21 2009 	best holiday ever - fantastic place	we stayed at the mina a salam which in our opinion was the best hotel and resort we have been to. the staff were always helpful and couldnt do enough for you. the rooms were spacious and extremely clean with excellent daily room cleaning service.we stayed b&amp;b and the choice of various international restaurants within the madinat jumeriah resort were excellent although slightly on the expensive side.......totally recommed mj's steakhouse. added to the experience was travelling to each restaurant each night on the water taxis along the lagoon/river. the private beach which was just along from the burg al arab was outstanding with staff on hand daily to supply free ice lollies, oranges and cold towels all of which come in rather handy with temperatures at 42 degrees. the wild wadi waterpark which was next door was great for families and you were entitled to free entrance if you stayed at the mina salam.all in all the whole experience was outstanding and we cant wait to go back next year or maybe even earlier !!!!no negatives to report on this resort or city.	
Aug 20 2009 	Fantastic.. Can not wait to go back!!!	Our second trip to Dubai after staying before at the Jumeriah Beach Hotel. With a week in Dubai we decided to split 4 days in Mina A Salam and the other 3 days in Atlantis (don't go to Atlantis). As most people have said already the Mina A Salam is a very special hotel. While staying there you feel well looked after. The best bit about staying in this hotel is the Souk. As we did not have breakfast in our hotel deal the souk was perfect in the morning by having a few places to grab something to eat including Costa Coffee, Starbucks, and another restaurant that did full breakfast. If we wanted to pay for breakfast in the hotel it would have cost around £80.00, In the souk we could feed 4 of us for £15.00. The souk also has some great restaurants some of them are quite expensive but the Noodle House was very reasonable. A meal here cost us £40.00. The hotel is giving out food vouchers and you can also save money by using your visa card see the hotel website for more details. We found that with young children most lunch times we ate in the water park. The food was always good here with a large selection. I took a picture of the menu so you can see the prices are very good. By staying at the mina you can also use any of the nearby hotels facilities. The jumeriah beach hotel has two happy hours during the day where all drinks are half price. The Al Qsar pool is really big but no happy hour here.  The hotel location it great to get to the Mall. Try TGI fridays next to Dubai Ski, great fun watching people come down the slopes while you tuck in to some grub. We will be going back next year.	
Aug 20 2009 	Magnificent	It’s a great hotel in Dubai. The staff were helpful and very nice. I make a decision to came bake again in winter.	
Aug 17 2009 	Best Holiday Ever	Our first time in Dubai and it won,t be our last. We went for 5 nights this was not long enough. The hotel was excellent the people and staff were very friendly and could not do enough for you. Fantastic location with a brilliant beach and pools the golf buggies and small boats were great for getting about on. Good choice of restaurants and bars to visit every night loads of choice. With this hotel you get free access to wild wadi waterpark which is a great day out . No need to pack beach towels on this holiday all towels were provided free round the pool,beach and waterpark. We were given discount vouchers for restaurants and bars on the complex which made a big difference with the price. We had a fantastic time cant wait to go back.	
Aug 14 2009 	What a great hotel	Won't write much as most reviewers have said it all. This is a great hotel, have fun with the boats, golf carts. The complex is large but you felt that you were in a small hotel. Choice of where to eat is great with restaurants in the hotels or souk, you can eat pretty much anything. Great to be given ice lollies around the pool needed as it was really hot in July/August.Only downside to whole trip is Dubai is expensive and particularly eating in the hotel, but then again you are on holiday.Looking for to returning.	
Aug 7 2009 	Fantastic once again....	This is our third trip to Madinat Jumeirah and after trying Dar last year we returned to Mina A Salam as we find it much more convenient for the pool, beach and kids club. Also the atmosphere in the hotel is much calmer and quieter than Al Qasr.As always we had a great holiday, excellent servivce from everyone associated with the resort - special mention for Noli in the kids club who always makes this the best holiday in the world for our 6 year old son.It was a little quieter this year than previously so made it a little easier to get reservations in the restaurants and meant the Souk was less busy. This is never a cheap holiday but the enviroment, service, resort, weather and employees make it great value - Don't hesitate to spend a little more to stay at this resort.	
Aug 7 2009 	Just about perfect.	I will be first to admit that my negatives about our stay are may be picking holes but I feel I need to share them as I am only giving a 4 rating.We arrived at the airport from Glasgow to be met by staff and taken by car to the hotel. No one at the door to meet us or help with our bags for about 4-5 minutes so while I went to check in my husband tried to find help and wrestle with our enormous amount of luggage (we have just emigrated).Got to check-in at 2.15 am. We were all exhausted but this process still took 45 minutes! Not great when you have a very tired 13 month old child with you. Eventually we were taken to our room. Beautiful room with huge bed and bathroom. As we were moving to Australia I didn't weigh down our bags with toiletries so I was pleasantly surprised to see that no only did they supply plenty of items but they came in both mens and women's fragrances! They also put a cot in our room with a cuddly toy and a toiletries bag for our son.After our 45 minute check-in process we started to get ready for bed. At 3.45 am someone knocked on our door to give us our halfboard vouchers! This really wasn't necessary - they could have put them under the door or spoken to us the next day.My only complaint about the room was the distance from the lifts. If you have not been to the hotel before you will know that the rooms are in 2's with cupboards, seating areas and corridors between the next 2 so it was a fair distance too and from the lift. Hard going when you have a buggy and baby changing bag as well as everything else you need for your day. If you are staying at the hotel ask for a room nearish the lifts as it will make your life so much easier. We stayed premium leisure (more to follow) so I am not sure why we were not placed on the ground floor near the lounge as this to us made far more sense.We ate in the buffet for breakfast. A fair amount of choice however the food was never piping hot always just warm. Good coffee though with friendly, helpful staff. We were also give the opportunity to upgrade to halfboard for just a few £ extra so we took this. We felt the evening buffet to be disappointing Plenty of food but just a bit cold, dried out in some places and unappealing.The hotel grounds and staff are however, fantastic. They can't do more for you.Had a treatment in the spa which was expensive but wonderful.As I mentioned we stayed premium leisure and found this to be a good deal. In some hotels when you have lounge access they hype it to be something special when in fact it is 1 cocktail per evening and a 2-3 canapes. At MAS however the food at both afternoon tea and pre-dinner is excellent and there is plenty on offer. We were told the hotel was at full occupancy but during our stay only 4 families used the lounge so it was never a free for all. There is also a smaller lounge with TV, games and internet for children (and adults). Soft drinks are available all day with alcohol available between 6 and 8. Back to the buffet - now I have talked about PL we wish we hadn't bothered with the half board upgrade as there is so much food on offer in PL between 3 and 5 and 6 and 8 that you honestly don't need an evening meal - may be take your half board option at lunch if you have already booked.One final criticism is that we paid for 3 nights halfboard but the hotel were initially only going to allow is 2 nights at the buffet. This was because we arrived late into the night on night 1 however we didn't leave until midnight on night 3 so we were there for 3 nights dinner. I had to ask staff who had to ask someone else who then had to ask a manager but we eventually got our 3rd night in the buffet - I do however appreciate that we were not there on night 1.All in a good stay with some faults. I'd go back.	
Aug 2 2009 	Oh My God!!!!	What a hotel - loved it, loved it,loved it!!!!!!!All I can say it is everything it says it is on their website- go see.Wonder luxurious place- from the room, to the food to the boats, to the shopping malls.I loved it here the beach was amazing the pool was fab.It was indulgent and decadent that I will be hard ppushed to find another.When you have expereinced the best - it is down hill from there.Words cannot describe this hotel - wow!!!!!!	
Jul 30 2009 	How quick can we go back.....?	What a break. We decided on the Mina A Salam (MAS) as it was recomended to us and I have to day it did not dlet us down. It started a little off when the plane was two hours late but got better.....We booked via Expedia and saved £1500 from Thomas Cook. We spent £3K on a ten day break and loved every bit, well, accept the beginning! We arrived a little late due to the computor error on the plance leaving us on the run way for two hours but better to be safe than sorry. On arrival, there was a gentleman holding a bit of paper with our names on so we immediately felt important. We were rushed through the fast track passport control and ushered to our car, via duty free which is well recomended! We had booked the Arabian Delux Executive option which meant we were picked up and taken back to the airport, all on the hotel. When we arrived outside the airport at our personal transfer, we were immediately taken to the hotel. The driver even apologised for the later arrival, not his fault and greeted us with a bottle ot water, apple juice and cold face cloths!On arrival, we checked in about 9am. Sadly the receptiondid NOT know we had booked the executive club option so we had to produce our Expedia printed booking proof which was then all sorted. You are greeted with a cold drinks and more cold face cloths.....Our room was ready, 225 looking out on the Berj and the Jameira Beech hotel and the sea! Its was perfect. 9.30am and we were sooooo grateful!We then went to the Club room for breakfast and asked for a look around. We gave our room number and were told that we could look but not eat or drink or eat as we were not in the club..... Having then explained and asked them to call reception, all was sorted and from then on we were treated as royalty!We had a knock at the door an hour after arrival with a bottle of champagne, flowers, fruit and chocolate sauce for out annivarsary! Well remembered and all the delays etc were forgetten immediately.From then on it was heavan.The Club is the best option, do it! It is worth every penny. Only about £400 extra for us and we used it three times a day. Breakfast from 7.30 to 11.30am as much as you can eat and drink. Afternoon tea from 3.00pm to 4.30pm, again as much as you can eat and drink and you guessed it, 6.00pm to 8.00pm, as much as you can drink and eat as well as FREE alcohol! Who needs a restaurant. Honestly, you are treated as royalty.The pool is superb, looking over the Burj, the Mina is best placed, in between the Burj, the Jameira Beech and the Al Casa. Trust us, the Mina is the best.The beach is re sanded every night while you sleep, unreal and it was 35 degrees, like a bloomin bath. You are greeted with a Mr and Mrs everytime you go anywhere, it is really special.The free cold towels and lollys as well as cucumber for the eyes andorange segments throughout the day all add to the experience.We did not really travel that much but did visit a few bars and restaurants.The hotel gives you a vocher book, use it!Half price drinks and free courses.The Bhari bar was excellent.A real treat, one of the best holidays ever.We snow boarded in the Emirates Mall, went to the Dubai Mall, unreal, massive!Went to the Observatory Bar, worth a cab. Only about 20 Diram where ever you go, about a fiver.Please email with any questions but the holiday was the best ever.Go....We WILL be back.Alan and Abi TaylorP.S. There is more....FREE golf buggies between resorts, use them. Free Abra water taxi's, excellent, use then AND please go to the Pierchic restaurant on the pier, you can't miss it. The best meal ever.	
Jul 27 2009 	Heavenly Holiday	The Mina A'Salam is fantastic as are all of their staff. Nothing is too much. Beach and pools excellent, restaurants plentiful and varied in cuisine and price. Pierchic is excellent for a romantic meal.Room 530 was awesome. View stunning (the Burj), bed-the most comfortable ever slept in.Ashok on the Abra's was so friendly and accomodating.Margaret at the Al Samar, always a happy smiling person.Olga on Concierge very helpful.Thank you Mina A'Salam for making our holiday so heavenly!We will be back for sure.	
Jul 27 2009 	14 Nights..... Just Excellent....	This was our 5th visit to the Mina A' Salam, is it time to go elswhere certainly NOTFrom the moment we walked in you made us feel very special, this confirmed why we keep coming back, we was upgraded to a wonderful sea view room 603 - Thankyou Marco, champagne &amp; chocs were present.Excellent staff all round, big thanks tothe pool boys working in just intense heat, every day we was greated by our names, I'm sorry I cannot remember their names.Bhari Bar Saw &amp; Ricardo just brilliant guys, big thanks to Saw who always found us a table, lovely smile :)Will we make a 6th visit? Oh yes.... We cannot wait to return.Mr &amp; Mrs Cox	
Jul 27 2009 	Still great but the quality of staffing has slipped	My second visit after staying there just over two years ago. Many of the staff have limited English and service skills. Often unsophistcated or (worse?) obsequius. Stuffed around my limo driver transfer to airport - i had to do a hurreied cab at the last minute - could have done without that.Otherwise an absolutely fantastic place.	
Jul 23 2009 	Fantastic complex	An amazing complex with excellent presentation complemented by very professional staff. Our room had everything you could want with high class amenities.The ability to freely visit the Al Burj, Jumeirah Beach and Al Qasr hotels and their restaurants by buggy and abra ( manned by very friendly and helpful staff) certainly added to the unforgetable experience. The lighting of the overall complex at night was a magical feature. The only disappointment was a very expensive but plain, small, mostly melted and totally ungarnished icecream dish served at the poolside bar during the afternoon.	
Jul 21 2009	Beautiful Resort	Without any doubt the hotels of Madinat Jumeirah are the most spectacular in Dubai.There are so many things to do and lots of shops, restaurants and bars in the resort that it is still the hotspot for many residents at the weekend.You cannot go wrong here!	
Jul 17 2009 	Everything you need in ONE resort!	We spent 2 nights at the Mina A Salem at the beginning of June. I booked the hotel based upon Trip Adivor's reviews, but I was still shocked by the upscale resort and large premises. The complex was built by the King of Dubai and consists of 3 resorts, 44 resturants, 1 water park and shopping markets. You travel to all the locations via golf carts or small gondolas on the water. I'd also like to mention the resort has the largest pool in the Middle East as well as the most amazing workout facilities. There is also a free shuttle to the big mall. As guests to the Mina A Salem, you are granted access to tour and have drinks at the 7 star Burj Al Arab. The only downfall to the area is how expensive everything is.. drinks are between $15-$20 and meals $30-$60 (per person). You expect this when visiting a 5 star resort.As many probably already know, two nights is not enough time in Dubai. I would love to go back and spend a week or two at the Mina A Salem.	
Jul 17 2009 	sheer heaven	This was our first trip to Dubai, and most certainly won't be our last! This hotel and surroundings were just 'sheer heaven'. The room was fantastic, the staff were more than attentive and nothing was any trouble. The food was first class and plentiful and all the little extras were much apprechiated, like complimentary ice lollies handed out by the pool, your sunglasses cleaned for you. I won't say any more, I'll let you find out for yourselves. It was our wedding anniversary whilst we were away, and we came back to our room to find a bottle of champagne on ice, some strawberries and chocolate sauce, and a flower arrangement comprising of 3 red roses, what more could you ask for! We thought that this hotel was in a fantastic position for a short break, with little reason to move around. Have a great stay, you will most certainly enjoy!!Steven &amp; Joanne AireyGrange-over-sands, Cumbria.16th July, 2009.	
Jul 15 2009 	Beautiful but unpersonal	Beautiful but impersonalRoom: The hotel was not fully booked, and we were upgraded to ocean deluxe room. It was very nice with a beautiful view and extremely good bed. The toilet was the only thing not perfect as it seemed old and didn’t flush properly. Breakfast: Very nice with a huge selection of everything. Fresh juices and good egg dishes. However, it would be nice if the waiter could remember us after serving us for 7 days, Restaurants: A lot of the restaurants at the hotel are very expensive and do not offer anything extraordinary. Beach: Very clean and nice beach, and the pools very also very nice. Small ice creams, cold towels and refreshments were given throughout the day. A perfect beach for sunbathing. Expensive food and water though (tip: bring your own water and ask for ice at the beach). Facilities: Great tennis court, we played several times and were always given plenty of fresh fruit, cold water, cold towels and good equipment. The gym however, was only decent. The training equipment is definitely not 5 star, a lot of exercise machines are old or missing. The changing facilities are very good though and your are given water and towels. Staff: This is the main area of improvement for this hotel, although the hotel was only half full, it seemed that none of the employees remembered us. For instance we always had to show proof of staying at the hotel when going to the beach (the same guy asked us 7 days in a row), the waiter at both the breakfast restaurant and the lunch place never seem to remember us and so on. When checking out the receptionist tried to overcharge us by 600 AED and we had to spend 1,5 hours to get it right, very frustrating when the receptionists have limited English vocabulary. Worst though, after arriving home, we found out that the hotel has overcharged us by adding to the bill after we left the hotel, and when contacting the hotel about this, no one will answer us. That is really bad for a 5 star hotel, we had to get the credit card company to freeze the payment as both customer service and the assistant reception manager will not answer our calls/mails. Conclusion: This is a very good place to go for a luxury summer vacation, weather is good, rooms are good, the area is very nice and you will have a great time for sure. However, spend a minute reviewing your hotel bill and do not expect the same kind of personal attention you might get at other 5 star hotels.	
Jul 15 2009 	Understated elegance and luxury with excellent service	Good location with the shops, bars and restaurants nearby giving a selection for every taste and pocket. The hotel is luxurious, with the staff being attentive, professional and thorough. The comfort of the whole room is excellent, especially the bed and the staff appear upto three times a day to service the room. Lots of nice touches around the pool with ice lollies and water during the day and with access to the facilities of the other hotels the choice is excellent. The Abras which surround the resort are both functional and pleasurable and the scale is surpirising with 3km of waterway. An excellent hotel with very high standards and would recommend.	
Jul 15 2009 	Absolutely faultless	We stayed here during Ramadan last year (Sep 2008) and were very pleased - it was still busy but not uncomfortably so. Our stay was not affected at all by Ramadan (we don't drink alcohol during the day anyway!)The service throughout the resort was exceptional - particularly around the pool where we were given ice lollies, fruit and cold towels (and evian face spray)! There are plenty of restaurants all over the resort - we only left it to go on the Desert Safari (a must-do) and to go to the Mall of the Emirates. The concierge service was very good - they organised the Safari and the restaurants. MJ's steakhouse was our favourite (better than the Meat Co), and the Chinese was very good too. There are a few hotels on the resort and you can get around on the abras (free water taxis) or golf carts - and you can use any of the pools. We liked the larger pool at Al Qasr. You also get free entry to Wild Wadi waterpark which is also on the resort - worth a visit at least once. We'd highly recommend this hotel.	
Jul 14 2009 	Absolutely wonderful resort and stay!	we have just returned from our 2 week Dubai holiday, and i must say its sad to be back!we stayed at the Atlantis for our first 2 nights and then spent the rest of the time at the MAS. the resort is absolutely wonderful and we loved every minute of it. we travelled with my 2 and half year old daughter and 6 year old niece and they had an absolute ball!the best place was obviously the pool at the Al Qasr and Sinbad's Club. the breakfast was scrumptious and would take us all the way through to early evening when we would go and have supper at one of the malls. it is a wonderful resort and moving around is very easy as there are abras and buggies on hand, to take you wherever you want to go. although we went during mid summer and the humdity was crazy we loved every minute and my daughter preffered being outdoors, than in the airconditioned hotel. although i must admit that it was extremely hot, once you were in the water and swimming you did not feel it. it is a very child friendly resort and highly recommened it as moving around from here was very easy. the hotel had regular shuttles to Mall of Emirates and there was a shuttle that left from Al Qasr to the Dubai Mall. the only negative comment i would make about the resort is that the food was very, very expensive, it would be nice if they had a cheaper poolside restaurant that is more affordable especially with children that get hungry.	
Jul 10 2009 	Amazing - would definitly go back	We spent the first 4 nights of our honeymoon at the Mina a Salem and it is a truely amazing hotel. It was recommended to us by a friend who loved it and I can see why.The rooms were gorgeous and a really good size - as it was our honeymoon we received a bottle of champagne, fruit and chocolate dipped strawberries, so were very happy with this. The hotel is in a fantastic location - right on Jumeria beach, and there are great views of the Burj from different parts of the hotel. Probably the thing that impressed us most were the little boats you could take to get to different parts of the hotel - the drivers were really friendly and loved to have a chat.They also have little golf buggies that will take you to the Burj (you need a reservation to go there - we had afternoon tea which was fantastic - around £65.00 each but worth it for the experience). They will also take you to the Wild Wadi water park next door, which is worth a visit as you get free entry when staying in the hotel.The main problem is deciding which of the fantastic restaurants to go to each night as there are 44 bars and restaurants to choose from! I would highly recommed Pai Thai - it's away from all the others and you need the water taxi to take you there (and you need a reservation) but it's great food and there's a dancer that goes round the tables. Also the Meat Co. was really good and if you sit outside you get great views of the Burj - it's amazing to watch it changing colour at night. We only went to one of the bars - The Bahri Bar - they had live entertainment which was really good - drinks were a bit pricey, but it's a 5 star hotel in Dubai so it's expected.The pools were great - apparently the pool at the Al Qasr is the largest in the middle east - all the public areas were really clean. In part of the waterways, they have an enclosure with turtles, so they're worth seeing. Plus there are lots of little shops in the souk to look around.Overall this is an amazing hotel - you could really stay here for quite a while. I couldn't imagine going back to Dubai and staying any where else. Would definitly go back!	
Jul 10 2009 	Fantastic hotel and staff!!!	This is the second time my wife and I have stayed at Mina having been there for 10 nights last year on our honeymoon. We had 11 fantastic nights there this year and it was just as amazing as it had been previously. Everything about the hotel is first class from the staff to the facilities. Restaurants like Pai Thai, Zheng He's and MJ's are all great dining experiences and we thoroughly enjoyed them all. The night we went up to the Skybar at the top of the Burj was a great way to enjoy a few cocktails and we had a great night. We went up to the new Atlantis Hotel on the Palms to have a nosey- not a patch on Mina!! Too big and nowhere near the personal touches that the Mina provides. Felt like an over-sized shopping mall! If anyone is thinking of a trip to Dubai, a stay at Mina a Salam is an absolute must. Have never written a hotel review before but felt compelled to sing the praises of this one as it is just so good.	
Jul 9 2009 	Fabulous hotel	I stayed at Mina A ' Salam in november 2008 for a week , it was my 3rd time in this hotel. It is a fabulous hotel , a realy 5 star experience ! Everything is perfect : the Arabic style rooms that are very big and very clean , the beach with the white sand, the blue sea , the pools , the ride with the waterboats around the resort , the little golf buggies that take you along the beach areas , the souk , the restaurants , all the food and of course the staff that are very friendly and always smiling . And the best part : the view from our room was magical ...the Burj Al Arab and its colourful lights – every year get’s more spectacular !I LOVE this hotel !	
Jul 4 2009 	Second stay just as good as our first stay.......luxury!	As the title suggests this was our second stay at the Mina A Salam - we visited for 9 days last year, this year we stayed for a full 2 weeks.From the minute you step foot in the MAS you know you are somewhere special. The staff are an absolute credit to the hotel. In particular the housekeeping staff are fabulous, but we cannot write this review without mentioning the staff at the MAS pool who work so hard in such tremendous heat, Vilash, Jude, Thomas, Wikky and the other crew, (sorry your names we did not catch) were tremendous and looked after us so well in such high temperatures and ridiculous humidity. They deserve medals for the work they do and that they are always smiling.We were given a room on the 6th floor with views of the Burj Al Arab, which was exactly what we wanted. The rooms are very well set out, and traditional Arabic design. Clean towels, toiletries twice per day (the usual 5 star Dubai standard). The resort is so well designed that you can hop about wherever with ease, the abra and buggy drivers are so cheerful. So much choice that it is difficult to decide where to go on an evening and 2 weeks just fly by. We noticed a significant difference in prices this year, especially bottled water at £5 - rather an expensive necessity. That said the hotel are giving guests books of vouchers for money off, 2-4-1s etc. The only minor niggles we had were the smoking in the Bhari Bar (we came out reeking of smoke - clearly we are very anti smoking), and the noise on a night from the &quot;beach enhancement&quot; we could hear the &quot;beep beep&quot; of the trucks reversing all through the night. 2 minor niggles that we could live with and these will definately not stop us going back next year.Restaurants we ate in and would reccomend are Toscana in Souk, Go West in JBH, Dhow Anchor in JBH, Frankies at the Jumeriah Beach Residence (this is owned by Frankie Dettorie and Piere Marco White). We also visited the Atlantis, nice enough place, but very much on a Las Vegas style, not somewhere we would want to stay but interesting enough for a day/evening out. In all honesty I don't think you can go wrong in choosing any of the Jumeriah hotels, whether it be JBH, MAS, AQ or DAM.	
Jul 4 2009 	Still Good but the standard is starting to slip	Last stay was three years ago and this time we had the same room type Premiere Leisure Clubroom. Noticed that the rooms are looking a bit used with scratched tables, and walls. Also a strange smell in the room.The afternoon and evening snacks/canapes are also not the quality or the choice that they used to be. The waiting service especially from Chan was however excellent..We were amazed however to see senior managers in black suites checking everyday to see that everything was OK, but choosing to ignore the fact the the tables and storage area for the staff to put empty/dirty cutlery was absolutely dirty and covered in bird droppings. We watched them walk past it every day. The area in question is where you open the doors to go out into the outside area on the right hand side.Otherwise everything OK and still very well trained staff and lots of smiles. The hotel will however need to improve again to survive in a city where the competition is definitely not sleeping	
Jul 1 2009 	Magical Plush Peace!	What a magical holiday! My partner and I have just returned from an 8 day stay at the Mina.I can't fault it and we were totally spoilt. From a spotlessly clean room everyday to bed turn down at night with sweet little gifts.It was also my birthday while we were there and having spent all day out including a wonderful massage at the tranquil spa, we returned to the room to find roses, a card and a cake. I was so very chuffed.From the hotel staff to the beach staff, everyone was so very attentive and willing.We can't imagine staying anywhere else, it was just beautiful and breakfast set you up for the whole day, we seldom ate lunch, well I did, on the beach, menu outstanding from Shimmers, but plenty other fantastic restaurants and bars. We happened upon the Bharai bar one night (I think its called that) inside the hotel where we found a surprisingly great singer, she was first class! We ended up dancing till the early hours. This hotel came to us as a recomendation. I'm glad we booked it. No regrets. Ps, boat trips down the water canal just dreamy and the buggy rides fun! Keep doing what you do because you do it well.	
Jun 30 2009 	same same	just got back 3rd visit this year, same breakfast menu (uninspiring),reception staff very poor,hotel and beach great,but now starting to slip in standards needs a shake up,food prices excellent when you take in to account where your staying, but a big but the water prices are outrageous.	
Jun 30 2009 	Luxury . . .	We have stayed at this hotel for the last four years , this time every year . (The last two years as premium leisure guests.) This shows how much we love this hotel ,due to its wonderful location , staff and service.The location is excellent on the beach in front of the amazing Burj , the souk , the restaurants , the abras, Wild Wadi, all of it a wonderful luxury experience. However this year we found it to be much quieter especially the restaurants and bars, no doubt due to the 'credit crunch ' ! Prices seem to have gone up, but a voucher book handed out at reception did help. Also found the premium leisure a little disappointing after last year due to no champagne ,only sparkling wine , the food selection a little sparse and dispite an upgraded room , it was the worst view we've had ! Dispite all this , we will return (not as premium leisure) as this is still a top notch hotel and we are being very picky due to having been before. Most people we chatted to were returning guests which speaks volumes about this hotel .	
Jun 27 2009 	fantastic hotel	what a wonderfull experience my wife and i had. hotel is top class, no need to walk anywhere little golf buggies take you along the beach areas, little boats take you around the hotel on the lagoon. staff are fantastic the boys in the pool bar GAYON, THOMAS all smiles and very attentive to your needs. the bahri bar where the views are beautifull the burj al arab on 1 side and the atlantis palm in the distance, special mention for the young bar man SAW in there. i have to say this place is top notch, very special mention for the general manager MR MAHMOUD SAKR ,i had e-mailed ahead for some special requests and the man true to his word sorted everything. got to meet him at his request for cocktails . the jumeirah beach area has all you need, walk over to pool area ,jump on the free buggies down to wild wadi water park free as a resident of the hotel. or get on the little free boats and take a tour around the hotel. if you want to get away from it all and de stress this is your ideal holiday hotel.	
Jun 20 2009 	Magical!	I have today returned with my boyfriend from a week at Mina A Salam...what a wonderful experience! I can honestly say that it was a truly five star experience - the staff were the smiliest and friendliest and would bend over backwards to assist you. Special mention must go to a gentleman called Badr and another, Chicho who went beyond the call of duty to make our holiday very special. I'm not a beach person but found that I could not resist visiting - the beach is fabulous! The waterways around the hotel make it a very special place with its waterboats ready to take you around the resort. We had various meals within the hotel and its sister, Al Qasr, all of which were excellent, especially, Al Hambra and Magnolia. Pierchic, an award-winning seafood restaurant located at the end of a pier in front of Al Qasr served beautiful fish - the best I have ever had. We loved every minute of the holiday and couldn't have asked for more...so much so, in fact, that we are planning to return in October together with my boyfriend's son and have already checked to see what the availability will be. I almost forgot...the view from our room was spectacular...the Burj Al Arab and its colourful dancing lights - it was very memorable. We absolutely loved it and cannot recommend it enough. We are already looking forward to our return visit in October and hopefully, many more in the future.	
Jun 19 2009 	Wonderful Wonderful Holiday	We booked a Club Executive room at the Mina through Virgin Holidays. We booked some time ago, and since then there have been quite a few negative remarks about the hotel on here, but I have to say we had a fabulous stay and would definitely return.The Executive lounge was a huge bonus, esp as we had a bit of time to wait from arriving to getting our room.There was always drinks on offer and we particularly enjoyed afternoon tea and happy hour. I have to say it was particularly quiet during our stay, but we met some nice people from the UK and it was lovely having a drink and a catch up with them before dinner.We had a great room overlooking the Burj with a sea view, (5th floor) and I think the pics of the rooms do them no justice. It was nice getting the evening turndown gifts, and housekeeping were always prompt if you requested something. The beds were exceptionally comfy, and I particularly loved the huge soft pillows. We ate mostly around the hotel, using the Sirius 30% discount which was very handy. I have to say Pai Thai's and The Meat Company were good, but it was Zheng He's and MJ's that were particularly memorable.We enjoyed the pool area at Al Qsar, as it was much larger, and it was easier to get from the pool to the beach quickly. Particularly enjoyed the daily ices, esp the pineapple flavour.I thought the 'resort' itself was exceptionally beautiful, and in particular enjoyed taking the abra for tours around. The drivers were all lovely, telling you all about the place as well as taking pictures of you.We found that all staff we met were friendly, always smiling and saying hello. I thought it was especially touching that the Executive Club staff remembered it was my boyfriends birthday, and all greeted him with happy birthday. They also arranged a cake in both the room and also at dinner that evening.All in all it was a wonderful trip, and can't wait to return, although we would love to try the villas next time.	
Jun 18 2009 	it doesn't get any better!!!	late with review as lost password for website! This was a five day break with no kids- was looking st other hotels but this hotel recommended by a travel agent friend of mine and how right she was! not sure i have enough superlatives – stunning, brilliant, fabulous, luxurious, incredible, scintillating – pick one. This hotel is all of thiose and more. You are treated like royalty from the first minute to the last. The rooms are huge and comfortable nothing is left to chance, the evening ‘turn down’ service is a superb and personal touch. It is the only time my wife has left a hotel not longing for her own bed a home!!!The views of the gulf and the burj are jaw dropping and the beauty of staying here is that you can visit and use any of it’s sister hotels. The beach is sifted and flattened every night and it is an insult if you try to move your own sunbed. The souk provides a great variety of restaurants but the hotels own is as good as anything around. The weather was the worst in Dubai’s history whilst we were there but I’m sure the staff at the hotel would have changed it if they could. In short outrageously superb!	
Jun 15 2009 	Will go back again!!!	Stayed while on a business trip for 3 days. Its a nice hotel and a good change in the decor which is done in Arabic style. The rooms are on the small side though, but balcony is very nice and usable. Service is excellent and so is the food at the restaurants --- chinese is very good and Pierchic is a must visit.The summer rates made the price quite attractive, and with the visa promotion, one got discounts at most of the hotel and Medinat restaurants.The check in took a long time as the hotel was full and the room was being prepared, however they provided me with vouchers for drinks at the lobby area.Over all a wonderful experience	
Jun 14 2009 	Great holiday but Dubai is disappointing	The Dubai area is full of building work but now has a feeling of being deserted. The hotel was half full, which is a good thing I guess, but also the service was half working most of the time.The food was sometimes exceptional and sometimes below average and one had no way of telling when it would be bad ... a little unreliable .Breakfast was superb.The rooms were very good but we felt that for the price we were paying we would be getting more spacious rooms. The view was also non existent...facing a wall with plantsWe are not really planning to return.	
Jun 12 2009 	Nice Hotel Enjoyed our stay	We had just come from Oman where there was hardly anyone around to be met by a bustling reception, it was a bit of a shock, we arrived before 3pm and our room was not ready, that was fine with us but some people where not as patient, they gave us a free drinks voucher which was nice, we had a drink then dumped our bags and returned later. Our room was ready, the hotel was very full so we had a 1st floor room, the view was ok but it would have been nice to be higher. The room was very clean and well appointed. The staff in the hotel where very nice. The little Abra's that run between the hotels is a nice touch and you can visit the Burj at certain times as well. We didn't really eat in the hotel as we where out and about all the time, but did eat in the Souk nect door which was fine. The only down side is the cost of the water on the beach £7 a bottle of evian, we eventually went to Carrefour and bought 6 bottles for £1.50 and asked for ice every time we went to the beach, a lot cheaper! We enjoyed our stay and really liked the fact that when you check out they give you access to the Spa so you can spend you last day doing what ever you want and then freshen up before you fly home. Excellent!	
Jun 10 2009 	It's worth!!	Amazing hotel. I would definitely recommend this hotel. It is part of the Jumeirah chain and it is connected con the other resort Al Qasr Madinat, Dar Al Masyaf and Jumeirah Beach. This mean you can use all the facilities of the other hotels (pools, restaurant, bar, beach.. Whatever). You get a free entrance to the Wild Wadi waterpark and you have priority in bookings for the bar or restaurant of the Burj Al Arab.Staff is really helpful and nice.I got an upgrade from a Mina A Salam room I ended up being in a Villa of Dar Al Masyaf. The room was really big and clean.	
Jun 10 2009 	Amazing Stay!!!	This hotel resort made me want to write a review on Madinat Juneirah in Dubai.From boarding the Emirates to Dubai - where we were upgraded to Business Class... to landing at the airport and being picked up by very professional drivers... to being upgraded (again) to the Ocean Suite....From start to finish - this was a truly marvellous trip.I am not sure what all the complaints are on this resort, because frankly speaking it was 5 star treatment all the way.The room was excellently furnished - not super high tech, but with a nice Arabian decor.The food choices were amazing, and the quality of food superb.The beach waters were surprisingly clear and clean, it was very pleasant to take a dip.The Wadi Water was a bit small, but hey - it was free for hotel guests so that was a nice 1 hour to kill.The Arabian Adventures Sundowner Tour was excellent, I would highly recommend it to anyone (but be prepared if you suffer from motion sickness).All in all, I would like to say thank you to the team at Mina A'Salam - in particular Ashwyn, Natalia, and Chico (not sure if I spelt your names right).A fantastic trip, a great resort. Of course, once you step out of the resort, Dubai is still a massive construction site - but within the walls of the resort, I don't see why you need to go out anywhere (except the evening Sundowner safari tour).I will definitely book a return trip and stay at the Madinat Jumeirah Dubai!!	
Jun 9 2009 	Great hotel	This was the fist time we stayed at Mina A'Salam and on the whole it was a lovely stay. Staying in the executive rooms is definitely recommended.Good pointsGorgeous beaches. Good food in the buffet. Lovely shisha bar,. They have a professional photographer who can take pictures of you and family/friends at the beach (at a charge). If you stay in the Exec rooms, free snacks and drinks from 3.30 to 5.30 in the exec lounge. Very well equipped rooms with large beds! Regular free shuttles throughout the day to the Mall of Emirates!Bad pointsThe lake on which the shuttle boat sailed was quite smelly in the evenings of stale water. The lighting in the room was very dim. Spa was not as wonderful as other 5* properties in Dubai.	
Jun 8 2009 	Everything you need in one place	Myself &amp; my husband stayed in this hotel for part of our honeymoon. I have to say it was one of the best hotels we have ever visited. You are greeeted on arrival with a drink and cool face towel and the portors took our bags as soon as we arrived by private transfer from the airport. During our stay we had not one complaint (except the heat) which of course was nothing to do with the hotel. There are resturants to suit absolutely every taste and bars also. The hotel is so vast it coveres acres and acres of land surrounded by a lake which you are transported by Abra (water taxi) this is the thing we enjoyed most. There is a shopping mall also selling jewellery, souviners and clothes which is reached by Abra also. The waterpark is directly across the road from the hotel as is the Burj al Arab and the Jumeriah Beach, the facilities of which you can use also. If you're staying at the Mina you can reserve dinner in the Burj which we did, however be carefull as we ended up paying a small fortune and were left eating in what looked like the service quarters of the titanic. The hotel has its own private beach. I would 100% recommend this hotel to anyone thinking of visiting. We have stayed in many 5* hotels around the world and I have to say this hotel was right up there with them.	
May 31 2009 	Fantastic Mina A' Salam	From the moment we arrived the attention to detail and service was first rate, the staff from reception up were all very nice and seemed to enjoy working there, the hotel was the best i have ever been in and the view was amazing. The breakfast was great so much choice and so relaxed. The next day we got the hotels car with 6 of us Kashif the driver was great got his mobile and did all the sights just gave him a call told him approx destination and five minutes later car arrives doors open for us first rate and for 4 hours plus cost approx £12 each what a great day. The next day i got a golf buggy ride to the big hotel in the water to get a look around was great view at sky bar.The Abra boat was great and every time you entered the hotel a nice smilling face every place you looked and would say that i could not see anyone making a mistake booking this hotel as totaly amazing place to stay. The beds was big and so comfy, and great size of room. Went out of room came back and all tidy towels in shape of elephant though i had heat stroke or drinking to much but it seems all part of the service to be different. I will be back in the future thats for sure.	
May 21 2009 	fantastic	We travelled with our two children age 5 and 8 this was probably the best holiday we have ever had.we flew with emerites who put all british flights to shame so child friendly entertainment great etc.The hotel was fantastic having previously stayed at the Al qasr in the April with out the children and really enjoyed it we thought we would try this property as it looked slightly smaller. The staff where fantastic our room attendat even showed the children how to make swans from the towels. The beach was clean lots of luxury sunbeds, even free icelollies on the sunbedsThe restaurants especially Mj steakhouse, trader vics , Toscana to name but a few offered real first class service.We took the children ski ing at ski dubai they loved it and a great place to visit although cant be good for the enviromentThe only problem with this place is that your expectations have are now been set very high and we still havent found anywhereon our past 3 trips to match it , Just booked a return trip in october 2009 well done a true 5 star plus resort.	
May 21 2009 	Wonderful Place Fantastic Service	This is an exceptional hotel and the service makes it so. It is expensive though and with the exchange rate of 5.2 to the pound, a small tin of Heineken was £7 and a litre of water on the beach £6. I went to the Thai restaraunt (Pai Thai) and whilst the surroundings and service was very good, the amount of duck in their red curry left a lot to be desired (3 pieces!) especially at a cost of £17 (rice extra). A friend had the Prawns (3) at a cost of £34. Very overpriced. I would recommend the resort to all.	
May 10 2009 	Heaven	Fantastic hotel (not cheap though). Location was fantastic right on the beach with private beach and plenty of sun loungers and umbrellas - didn't even have to carry my own beach towels, ushered to a sun lounger and towels arranged and tucked in perfectly. Ice lollies were served for free during the day and there was always somebody coming round to take drinks orders. Room was perfect, huge with the best beds I have ever slept in and an assortment of different types of pillow. Evening turn down service replenished anything that had been used during the day, towels,coffee and laid out slippers by the bed with other nice touches. It was my husbands 50th Birthday and they even left a cake and flowers in the room for him. Breakfast was out of this world. If you want something really special then go for this hotel, all the staff were very attentive, but also unobtrusive. I have nothing bad to say, just good,good,good!	
May 4 2009 	Fabulous resort especially for families with extensive beachfront.	Stayed 4 nights and barely scratched the surface. Lovely room with splendid views of beach, Burj al Arab and turtle sanctuary directly below. A few snags with aircon but swiftly sorted once we complained. Fantastic Friday brunch. Stunning array of restaurants: PierChic and Zheng He's being my favourites. Also tried The Agency wine bar in the Souk Madinat which was great. Sadly no time to give the gym or spa a whirl (though did visit the stunning spa at the nearby Burj al Arab) but managed to have a very gorgeous and romantic stay in a gigantic resort, which is saying something. Loved the little boats that trundle you around the resort. Great service especially the room service (although the grand gesture of bringing a Dualit to the room when one orders toast is slightly wasted as they also bring crustless white sliced bread that gets stuck in the toaster). Wonderful swimming pool near the Al Qas'r.	
May 4 2009 	Wonderful once again	Have just returned from a fantastic week at the Mina a Salem, our third visit to Madinat Jumeirah and second to the Mina. After reading some recent reports we were a bit worried that standards had dropped but this if not the case, everything was just as wonderful as last year. The staff were all extremely friendly and helpful - we were even given the same room as last year. The hotel was very busy especially with Russian guests but breakfasts never appeared to be too crowded or rushed and the choice and quality of food was excellent.The only small complaint we had, and this is not the fault of the hotel, was that you had to be on the beach really early to get a sun bed, beds were being reserved often as early as 7am!! All the restaurants we used were very good, our particular favourite was the Persian one next to the Meat Company, the spicy lamb stew was out of this world.The Mina a Salem is still our favourite hotel, the bed must be the most comfortable we have ever slept in and we cannot wait to return, prices are expensive but you certainly get what you pay for.	
Apr 27 2009 	Superb experience	This hotel has the lot. Excellent service. Brilliant location. Just book it (be aware though that F&amp;B costs are very high). But, then it is Dubai and its what its all about.We booked Premium Leisure and found that very useful (afternnon tea and evening canapes and cocktails with nice quiet, private breakfasts). Enjoy. We did.	
Apr 27 2009 	heaven on earth	we have just returned from the mina a salam and oh my god what an hotel it is fab we arrived about seven in the morning the staff were brilliant very freindly and attentative we were given a ticket for complimentary drinks as our room wasnt ready we got our room at about eleven we were shown to room 007 the james bond room we were told it was really beautiful everything you needed with lovely little touches .the whole complex was out of this world we went to the beach and a lad from sri lanka who was in the booth came out and explained things to us he was really nice and friendly the bars restuarants and the souk are brilliant all in all we had a fantastic stay and would go back tomorrow p.s thank you to the concierge who did everything he could to locate my husbands mobile phone that he had lost he went out of his way to help us	
Apr 27 2009 	An Amazing Hotel - would definitely return	We stayed here for one week at the start of the Easter holidays and I have nothing but good comments to make about the hotel. I had been slightly concerned after reading various other reviews on TA but found none of them to be true. We arrived at the hotel early in the morning (7.30a.m) and were prepared for the fact that our room would not be ready, we were told we could use the gym and spa facilities to change and that we were more than welcome to go and have breakfast. We were also greeted with cooling flannels and a very welcome cold drink. We were able to get into our room around 4.00 p.m. (a long wait i know but i had been prepared and packed everything we would need for the pool on the top of the suitcase so i would recommend doing this if you have an early arrival). The room was lovely, plenty of room, a huge bathroom and spotlessly clean. We had a magnificent view of the Burj and the water park. Every evening we were left a little gift along with an animal made from the towels - my children were always keen to get back to the room to go to bed just to see what we had been left that evening!! We had no problem in booking restaurants through the concierge and i would absolutely recomment MJ's and the Thai Restaurant both of which were outstanding. In fact every restaurant we visited was first class. Yes it was very expensive but we knew that before we visited so it wasn't such a shock. My children loved getting around on the abras and even the golf buggys ferrying them about made them feel very important. Can also thoroughly recomment the kids club at MAS - the staff were friendly and very attentive and we practically had to beg our children to leave each day! The beach was spotless and the beach staff and lifegaurds excellent. All in all an amazing holiday and I would definitely come back here again.	
Apr 26 2009 	I can't wait to come back!	Having just returned from Dubai, I must admit that Mina A Salam is one of the best resorts that we' ve ever been to. This was our third time there (fourth in Dubai – first time in Jumeirah Beach Hotel nearby) in the last three years (but the first without the kids!) and the hotel is getting better every time. Perfect location in Dubai (away from the annoying construction sites), with magnificent views to the Burj, and close to the malls and Deira, for those who want to leave the hotel premises. But you have no reason to do this, because the hotel offers so many things and the surrounding Madinat complex with the souk and the canals is full of surprises.Having visited many other resorts in Dubai (in the similar price range), even the Atlantis, I believe that Mina A Salam is the best, because:· The ambience of the whole resort is one of a kind. Some say it is Disneylandesque, but what’s the problem with this? It is so well constructed and maintained, that you really believe that you enter in a different world, leaving everything else outside.· Staff is extremely polite, always smiling and trying to find the best solution to your need.· Food is superb.· The beach is immaculately clean.· Gym and spa are one of a kind.· Service One works very well. We asked for the batteries of the TV control to be changed and they did it immediately. In general, we prefer Mina A Salam to the adjacent Al Qasr because of its proximity to the beach and it’s less formal style.This year, the hotel offered us some pleasant surprises:· First, upon check-in we were being serviced privately, due to our loyalty there – I believe.· The rooms have new flat panel TV sets and a very useful connection box, which you can use to plug your iPod, Playstation etc.· Internet connection is free.· The hotel is smoking free (by law).I will conclude with three remarks:1. Upon arrival late at night (April 20th), we were offered a room in the first floor, that I know it is not the best floor in any hotel in the world…But this specific room (#112) is only for those that the hotel management wishes to punish, not for returning guests. The view is supposed to be «ocean view», but instead you face a wall and you have to go out in the verandah to find the ocean. This room didn’t also have a safe and the air-conditioning was not working properly. Of course, first thing next morning (at 9 o’clock) we asked from the Guest Relations desk (Hakima) for another room and in the afternoon we were transferred to Room # 605, adjacent to the Royal Suite, that was superb. BUT we expected to be transferred immediately and not wait for 8 hours for that, with our clothing still in the luggage. And please note that we had to ask for it AGAIN in the afternoon, because by 3 o’clock we didn’t have a reply from the desk (they forgot it?) and we waited for another two hours for the manager to give the green light… At least Hakima was right to tell us that it was worth waiting, because Room # 605 was really perfect. All this could be avoided if they had given us a good room from the beginning. 2. Room amenities seem perfect for those visiting the hotel for the first time, but we, who have been there before, missed every evening the fruit basket (we had it only the last evening) and some toiletries (i.e. cotton pads, loofah mitt) that we had to ask them from Service One. Sign of the crisis? I hope not.3. Check-out time is normally at noon and since they were going to pick us up at 14:30 we asked from the Reception to stay in the room for two more hours. Unfortunately Stephanie who was on duty (23rd of April in the evening) told us in a professional but VERY UNFRIENDLY way that this cannot be done, since this is the hotel policy. Period! We didn’t give up. Next morning we came back to the Guest Relations desk, asking for a one hour extension, and – SURPRISE!- they said yes. I believe that the hotel management should be more flexible in requests like this, ESPECIALLY with loyal customers. If you ask me if we will go back to Mina A Salam, the answer is definitely YES. (And I hope soon!)	
Apr 25 2009 	Nice hotel	We stayed at the Mina in November 2008 and have just round to writing our review.We booked with Kuoni and stayed in Dubai for 5 nights after visiting the Maldives.The Mina is a lovely hotel within the Jumeirah complex, which is very large. Plus points - Nice room and facilities, beach location, variety of pools to use, water taxi system (although a bit of a gimick after a while)Minus Points - VERY expensive especially the restaurants, long way from real Dubai, too many pool attendants.We ate at Tosca the rustic Italian restaurant on our first night. It was so busy everywhere. We had to share a long bench table with some other people in order to get a seat.The food was poor. Minestone soup was tasteless and lacking in pasta. Lasagne was the worst we have ever tasted. Supermaket cheap brand was better. It was so poor we complained. Our complaint was handled superby and the Maitre D reduced our bill accodlingly, but even so, 1 x mozzerella dn tomato starter, two ice creams, 1 coffee and 2 beers came to over £50. Needless to say, we did not eat in again!What we did not realise was how far the Jumeirah complex is from the real Dubai. It is a long way and a hugh proportion of our time and money was spent travelling in taxis to town.If we went to Dubai again, we would certainly stay somewhere more central. The beach was nice, but there are certainly many beaches better and some of the hotels in town offer free transport to the beach anyway.Housekeeping - not five star standard. Yes our room was clean on the face of it, but as hoteliers in the Uk, we tend to look a bit further and there were certainly areas which housekeeping had missed, like behing the bathroom door and under the bed. Under the bed there were crumbs and sweet wrappes from previous occupants and a substantial amount of dust.We were invited to the managers cocktail party while we were there and mentioned these complaints. when we returned home aprt from being aked to complete their standard questionnaires, we also had a full reply from housekeeping regarding our complaint, which was quite a nice touch.Each pool has pool attendants. Around the big pool there were five! They just stand there staring around until there shift change to change location. What a waste of money!and they make you feel rather self concious too! The smaller pool had three and each of the pools for the villas had one each!The real plus point for this group is the whole staff attitude/training. They are never allowed to use the word NO and have to answer guests positively, which makes such a change from the norm.	
Apr 24 2009 	The best hotel for honeymoon	We stayed in the hotel with husband in Aog 2007.We both were very suprised with the service of the hotel. It is really amazing.They clean your rooms as soon as you leave it! Sometimes even 3 times per day.Ice for wine/champagne was everyday changed several times.We had only breakfast but I would very much recommend to have suppers also there: amazing choice of food (oysters, sushi, meat, fish), really good wine is also proposed in all restaurants. We also admired restaurant in Suk zone.Great gym.Overall impression - GREAT HOTEL!!!	
Apr 22 2009 	We'll Be Back!!!	Second stay at the Madinat Jumeriah complex, we were there last year at the beach houses, this year we choose the Mina Salem, and again we had a perfect holiday in a truly outstanding hotel, Have stayed in many really good hotels around the world, (and have reviewed just a few on TA) but can honestly say that this one takes some beating, While we probably preferred the beach house overall, we have absolutely no complaints about the Mina Salem - the staff, the service, the facilities, the cleanliness, etc, all are excellent and would receive a 6 out of 5 rating in our eyes, Thank you all for another great stay,,,,We'll Be Back !! (someday!)ps - the only complaint, which we would say about Dubai overall, not just this hotel is the exhorbitant price of wine in particular, and also the golf!	
Apr 20 2009 	A great hotel but let down by basic management	This was our third visit to Dubai. Our first to Mina a Salam. We love Dubai. We were very disappointed with the Mina a SalamWe were coming back from Ziggy Bay in Oman. We had our honeymoon there this time last year and went back to Zighy Bay again this year. We were having the most perfect holiday of our life before we arrived at Mina a SalamWe booked two nights at the MAS to finish our holiday. We wanted to sit and watch the Burj change colours so we asked for a Burj view when we booked 8 months beforeThe reception on the ground floor was rather frosty on arrival but then we were taken to the 2nd floor reception in the Exec Club lounge where they were fantasticAll staff were exellent during our stayRoom was lovely to look at but no Burj view just the waterwaysWe were told our room would not be ready until after 3pm but that was fine with us as we took a lovely walk around On the way to our room I asked the lady if we had Burj view and she told me that wasn't availableRoom wall / doors were so thin - and worse at 11pm a loud family with a young baby arrived which kept us awake at 1am, 2pm, 3pm, 4pm 5pm. DreadfullChildren were also in the Exec club at 7.30pm picking up food with their fingers (and as kids do - putting things back too! )	
Apr 20 2009 	Dream Honeymoon	My new husband and I stayed at the Mina a Salam for our honeymoon. Friends of ours had recommended Dubai as a fantastic location that would certainly meet our expectations of wanting a 'luxury' honeymoon. This hotel is amazing and I can't wait to go back, will have to save for a while though. When we arrived we were blown away. The service was fantastic, I don't know how they manage to remember peoples names, they did ours anyway. We had to wait a while for our room, only because we asked if we could change rooms to one with a better view. When we returned to our room from our evening meal on the first night, they had left red roses, chocolates and a bottle of champagne, how nice. They also regulary left chocolates, slippers, smellies etc when they cleaned the rooms, mostly twice a day.The little boats that take you around the complex are great, it's far too hot some days to walk. The restaurants, although some pricey, are really nice, with a good choice. The breakfast at the hotel really sets you up for the day with the biggest selection I've ever seen. MJ's steak house is a must. I also recommend a visit to the Burj, the concierge will book you in. We just had drinks one evening, be warned, its stupidly expensive, but worth it, we were on our honeymoon afterall. Wild Wadi water park is good fun, entry is free for hotel residents. The beach is gorgeous, clean and the sea very warm. Its also a good idea to book a trip. We went on a desert safari, brilliant afternoon and evening out. If you get car sick, I don't recommend this. We did get to have a go on Sheila the camel though. The hotel will sort it all our for you.I don't understand how there can be any bad reviews about this place, but each to their own I suppose. Without writing an essay (I could go on forever about how great this place is), I'll just say that holidays will now take alot to beat, I think we really did spoil ourselves.Thanks for the best honeymoon we could have wished for.	
Apr 17 2009 	Cant wait to return	We have just returned from our 4th trip to this amazing hotel and cant wait to go back. The staff really know how to make your stay special and when they do (ocassionally) get someting wrong, they put it right fast.Having stayed in some great hotels around the world, this is the one that stands out as offering the best holiday for the whole family, no one has to compromise on what they want.	
Apr 11 2009 	Excellent Hotel	Stayed in Villa 27 in Dar Al Masyaj in Sep 08 and decided to come back to the same resort in March 09. This time stopped in Room 241 at the Mina.Firstly I was concerned at some of the negative comments that have started to creep onto this review board of late particularly about the staff not being friendly. I can confirm that in our experience this is most definately NOT true. Arrived at approx 1am and the service desk was very professional and friendly, explaining everything I needed to know (and knew already). Staff throughout the stay were friendly, one of the guys in the breakfast room even noticed we were earlier than usual on our last morning and came to wish us a safe return journey. We also had a letter put through our door inviting us for drinks with the manager but sadly could not attend.We were asked our names and room number a few times around the resort but as I'd also witnessed members of the public trying to make their way into the resort from the restaurant area this is hardly surprising and no inconvenience.We had a problem with the lock on our door and was fixed within 15 minutes of reporting it.All the restaurants are first class, a particular good one was Shimmers where e sat out on the beach front. The rich food can play havoc on your digestive system after 10 days though!Is it better than the Dar Al Masyaf villas? Depends on your viewpoint... I missed the buggy and boat rides that are more necessary around the villas but are not needed so often by staying at the Mina. Other people have commented that they found waiting for the rides a bit of a pain after the novelty wore off so it really is personal choice. What IS certain though is that the Mina is of equal standard to the Dar Al Masyaf villas and would be an excellent stay for anybody wishing to go to Jumeriah Beach.Highly recommended.	
Apr 11 2009 	Fantastic hotelworth every penny	One of the best hotels we have ever stayed in,we felt better than Royal Mirage Spa and Resort where we stayed at greater cost last year.Eating option at group hotels and restaurants was good with the code on our Visa card saved 25% thus offsetting some of currency increase.	
Apr 10 2009 	Going Downhill ! Not as good as it was !!	We stayed at Mina A Salam for our Dubai Wedding in Sept,2008The main reason that we chose to stay at Mina A Salam for ourselves and all of our guests is simply because we had been there in 2007 and it was wonderful. We decided to stay here even though we were getting married somewhere else.It was only a year since we last visited. However, things were very different. It turned out to be a bad choice after all. It is going downhill in all aspects.1) Service ----- All the happy faces have gone. The warm atmosphere has gone. The receptionist that checked us in( believed to be the manageress) is so cold, unfriendly and not helpful at all. Don't want to go into details. A greeting smile will do the trick.2) Hotel ----- There used to have scented flower petals and floating candles on the main lobby's water features. It has long gone. We wanted more than a normal 5 star hotel. We want something different!3) Room ---- They used to tidy up your room twice a day, making towel animal in the evening, filled up your ice bucket every night. That is not a guarantee things anymore only if you are lucky, not for some of our guests. We were given Dates or chocolate in a gift box every night in 2007. Not too surprise this year, it has long gone.It is easy to be a 5 star hotel as long as you have the facility. But do they actually provide guests with 5 star + experience ? In 2007, the answer is yes and in 2008, the answer is No No No. It lacks all the 'extras' that make you feel special, make you willing to pay good money to stay at.I have told the manager about the 'slip of standard' of our stay. Their reply email is very brief and general. He can't even give a explanation at all.I am very disappointed because a truly wonderful 5 star hotel which gives 5 star service and out of the world experience is simply turned into just a down to earth hotel with 5 star facilities. Besides, it made our perfect wedding became not so perfect. Thank you!Will I recommend Mina A Salam ? The answer is No. But I will probably recommend Al Qasi and Dar Al Marsaf if you would like to stay at Madinat Jumeirah group hotel.Good Luck if you have booked your stay at Mina. It is like tossing a coin! Head ---- they will deliver a 5 star serviceTail --- It is just a down to earth 5 star hotel.	
Apr 8 2009 	WOW	As you pull up to this hotel all you can say is wow. It is so grand and you feel very lucky to be staying there throughout the duration. Staff are great, it was my wifes birthday while we were there and they couldnt do enough to help ensure it was a special one. Pools, restaurants, rooms, room service etc all 6 star +. Will definitely return.	
Apr 1 2009 	Best Hotel in Dubai AMAZING!!!!!!!	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for a week in feb and have only one regret...why didnt we stay for longer?! I honestly dont understand some of the negative reviews on here about this hotel, they must be searching with a fine toothpick. The location is spot on, our ocean deluxe balcony had a fantastic view overlooking the burj and it was so relaxing to sit and chill out with a few drinks while the wife was getting ready on an evening. I travel on business around the world throughout the year and have stayed in some of the best hotels in the world, so when I am with my family I like to get it just right and this was perfect. The decor of the hotel is breathtaking, it doesnt have any of that in your face flashiness that some of the other hotels do, its traditional elegance just speaks luxury without being tacky. One of the best things about this hotel is the madinat next door, it has over 40 restaurants and bars and we were spoilt for choice every night. My wife loved getting the little hotel boats (abras) there each night. The pool is perfect and you can use the pools at the sister hotels as well which is good, as well as obviously the wild wadi waterpark which is a lot of fun even for a grown man like myself! The room is just right, with a large luxurious clean bathroom. The staff are excellent, I dont know if they were having a bad patch when some of the negative reviews on here were written but i had no qualms with them. My wife said the spa is amongst the best she has used, although it wasnt her that recieved the bill at the end! I have stayed in the grosvenor house, jbh, meridien, ritz carlton and bab al shams and although all fantastic hotels, the mina a salam beats them by a country mile. It just has that extra wow factors that other hotels just do not posess. We have already booked for 2 weeks in may and cannot wait to return! This time will be taking the kids so I have some company to the wild wadi waterpark!	
Mar 29 2009 	Truly amazing....	Not going to write a lot here becuase this place was fantastic - the hotel &amp; staff made my girlfriend and I feel like royalty. A very special - 'Perfect' place..... Great room and service, slightly overpriced food but didn't spoil the experience. WOW..!	
Mar 17 2009 	Everything you could want in one place	What a fabulous hotel, we arrived at 9am our room wasn't ready but we were taken to the spa facilities where everything we could have needed was made available, we were phoned before 12 when our room was ready, our bags were already there, the staff are warm, friendly and very helpful. The hotel complex does resemble a bit of a Dubai does Disney but you are spoilt for choice with restaurants bars etc, the beach is faultless clean, comfy loungers good service for drinks/water/ice lollys, pool is rather small and the pool as Al Qasr very busy with small children even in March but the beach makes up for it. The rooms were perfectly adequate, I was worried having been told it wasn't as nice as Al Qasr but for us it was perfect due to a lot less rowdy children at the beach/pool, the bathrooms are large and spacious with lots and lots of towels and provisions, would like to see a premium brand toiletries rather than the nasty smelling Jumeirah own brand. Choice at breakfast is fabulous with a choice of 2 places to eat it, My one only complaint was the staff at Pierchic restaurant, whilst they seemed to outnumber guests but we spent all night pouring our own wine/water, I asked to have an empty table on the edge but was told the people were already in the bar having a drink only to then see 2 guests who didn't even have a reservation be shown to the same table we'd asked for, the staff were very dismissive when asked why we were declined the table and told a blatant lie, at over £240 for 2 courses and a bottle of mediocre wine this place was not cheap and throughout the whole hotel the only evidence of poor staff attitude we witnessed, this was to be the special evening of the trip and a damper was put on the whole thing, I would go back to Mina a Salam but give Pierchic a wide berth	
Mar 17 2009 	A perfect holiday!	My family and I stayed for 7 nights at the Mina A Salam. We enjoyed every single minute of our stay!-The look of the entire hotel. We really did feel like we were in a small arabian city, and we loved the design and the feel of it! Everywhere we went we were struck by how perfect everything looked. The parks and waterways were amazing.-The beach and the pools. Gorgeous, clean beach with turquoise water, available chairs and umbrellas at all times, very friendly staff. The Mina A Salam pool is beautiful, though not very large. But the guests staying at Mina A Salam are welcome to use the Al Qasr pool, which is much bigger, so we did that a couple of times and enjoyed it. We also liked that we were given complimentary ice-lollies and cold towels both on the beach and by the pool.- The food/restaurants. The food overall at Mina A Salam/Al Qasr is very good. Everything from the breakfast at Al Muna restaurant (and the breakfast at Al Qasr!), the pool and beach bars/restaurants, the Lobby Cafees, the in-room dining, the food in the Premium Leisure and Executive lounges, the Souk, and in general at all the restaurants throughout the resort! Everything tasted good, was of a high standard and quality.Especially recommended are the MJ's steakhouse at Al Qasr, and the Al Qasr breakfast buffet. Also, the friday brunch at Al Qasr is a must! The friday brunch is a big thing in Dubai, and the brunch at Al Qasr is very popular so book early!-The transportation system. We heard about the possibility to travel around the resort by boat or by buggey before we arrived, and were looking forward to use this a couple of times. But once we got to Mina A Salam, we used the boats - called 'abras' - and buggeys all the time! This entire system of abras and buggeys are so spectacularly well organized! You never need to wait more than one or two minutes for a buggey or an abra to arrive, and they can take you anywhere you would like to go within the resort, and the buggeys also transport you to and fro the Jumeirah Beach hotel, the Burj al Arab and the Wild Wadi waterpark(Where you have free entrance if you are staying at the Mina A Salam). We've never seen anything like this at any of previous travels, and it is actually one of the many reasons why we really want to stay at this hotel again.-The rooms. We had two Club Executive rooms - rooms 604 and 605 - with stunning sea-view, and a nice terrace. The bathrooms were large, with separate sections for shower, toilet and bathtub. The bath amenities were really nice. The interiour of the room was - as the rest of the hotel - arabian-inspired, and absolutely beautiful. We had a huge king-size bed, with super-soft sheets and three big pillows. A flatscreen tv, good aircondition, and a nice mini-bar. There is also a beautiful makeup desk. All in all we loved our rooms, and will definetely try to book these rooms when we return!-The hotel staff/Service. Everyone from the room cleaning staff, to the abra/buggey drivers, lifeguards, the staff in the lounges, in the restarurants, in the shops were so friendly and serviceminded! Everywhere we went the personnel always met us with a smile and &quot;Good evening&quot; and they were all so helpful and genuine. No doubt, one of the best things about this hotel! We've never experienced such excellent service as at the Mina A Salam! (And our family have stayed at many of the best hotels in the world.)-The Executive/Premium Leisure lounges.Since we stayed at a Club Executive room, we had the benefit of many extra services. We were picked up at arrival in Dubai with a Lincoln Navigator, and at departure we were transported back to the airport by two Audi A8.s. This felt very luxurious, and the drivers - both to and from - were kind and knowledgeable, and we were given cold water and towels. We could check in/out in the Club Executive lounge - very quick and easy. We had the option either to eat breakfast in the Club Executive lounge, in the Al Muna restaurant or in our room(Or - we found out later- at the Al Qasr breakfast restaurant). After-noon Tea was served from 3 - 4.30 at the Premium Leisure lounge(Scones&amp;clotted cream, small hot and cold snacks, deserts, cakes, tea, coffee, juice etc. All very good!), and Pre-Dinner canapees from 6 - 8 in the Club Executive lounge(Hot and cold food, f.ex sushi, soups, spears with chicken/lamb/salmon, cheese. Alcoholic and Non-alcoholic drinks, wine, champagne etc. A seperate kid's corner with hamburgers, fries, chicken, fishfingers etc.) Room cleaning was twice a day, and we could choose when to have our rooms cleaned. All in all we found that we recieved good value for money considering all the extra advantages we got by chosing to stay in a Club Executive room. The rooms 604 and 605 are linked by a small seperate hall in front of them, so they are perfect for a family who needs two rooms!-The spa. My family and I first booked one treatment at the spa, but the quality and setting of the spa was so good that we had to book several more appointments! We've been to spas all around the world e.g. in the Maldives, Bahamas, Phuket Thailand, but the Talise spa at Madinat Jumeirah is now our new favorite.We almost never return to the same city twice, and we absolutely never return to the same hotel twice - (Life is to short and the options are so many) - but we are strongly considering to make an exception when it comes to Mina A Salam and the Madinat Jumeirah! It is so flawless, and even though we try to come up with ways the hotel could improve itself, we're not able to. We will recommend this hotel to everyone we know, and we hope to return very soon!	
Mar 15 2009 	Tourism to the next level	The entire Jumeirah Madinat complex was fantastic and we were very happy with our choice of Mina A' Salam. We arrived before 8am in the morning and left at 10pm on our leaving day but we were welcome from the start with use of excellent changing facilities at the spa. Room was great but &quot;Ocean Deluxe&quot; wasn't entirely appropriate as we didn't look toward the ocean, although it was visible from the balcony. The best bit about this hotel was being able to take the abra's (small boats) to the souk and it's vast choice of eateries, and although the shops were touristy, they provided adequate window shopping entertainment (okay, so we bought stuff too!). But, when you'd had enough, you could either take a boat trip, or a short stroll back to the relative peace of the hotel. The hotel puts on a complimentary bus to shuttle you to and from the Emirates Mall which was like a huge Milton Keynes with a ski slope!! The golf buggies running up and down the sea front take you wherever you asked. A 5min walk or 2min ride to Wild Wadi one way (via the Burj-Al-Arab) or the same distance the other way to the simply enormous freeform pool at Al Qasr (which was nice to visit, but nicer to be away from!!) and other leisure facilities and the pier. We visited the Wild Wadi water park (complimentary access) for a couple of hours on a couple of days. Would be great for kids, frequented by locals (as were all the hotel facilities which we felt added atmosphere and endorsed the quality of the place) but good for a laugh for all ages (you have to do the Jumeirah Sceirah). Widely recognised is the high cost of meals and drinks, but the hotel gave a book of vouchers to encourage us to use any of the Jumeirah group's restaurants on the complex. We normally pick different places for anytime we revisit a location but we would struggle to convince ourselves to book anywhere else in Dubai. Brilliant.	
Mar 14 2009 	Should be number 1	Wow what fantastic resort, from the minute we arrived to the minute we left this hotel was perfect in every way, check in was quick and we were shown to our room which was lovely with a balcony overlooking the beach and a spectacular view of the Burj al Arab. Breakfast was great with so much choice, and the staff all very polite.Loved lazing on the comfy sun beds on the lovely clean beach just watching the world go by, the staff here work very hard in the heat bringing cold towels, ice lollies, fruit sticks and drinks for everyone.The resort is so big and the abra's around it are excellent, it is so magical in night time when all the lights are on, we used the abra’s every day along with the beach buggies which take you to neighbouring hotels such as the Burj, Jumeriah Beach and Wild Wadi Water Park. The resort is huge and has its own souk which it air conditioned, there so many restaurants to choose from we just didn’t have enough time to try them all, its lovely just wandering round looking in the shops, we managed to pick up some lovely presents to take home.We don’t normally stay in the same hotel twice but when we return to Dubai I do not think we would stay anywhere else other than the Mina, we just wish we had spent more time here.	
Mar 8 2009 	6 Star.....not just 5 - The best we have stayed in around the World	We have just returned home to England after our 8 nights at the Hotel Mina A Salam at Madinat Jumeirah in Dubai, and we would just like to take this opportunity to thankyou so very much for your part in making our stay as so memorable. The view from our 5th Floor Ocean Balcony Room over the waterways, of the Ocean, and, of the 'iconic' Burj Al Arab was simply superb. Every single member of staff that we met at the Mina A Salam, always greeted us in word and with a friendly smile, and clearly always genuinely wished to do all that they could do to help us. The standard of service that we received was thus second to none and our comfort and contentment was clearly always the first consideration. Everything was always so clean. The food at the different restaurants that we tried in both the Hotel and the adjacent Souk was excellent. The choice at breakfast in particular was as good if not better that anywhere else that we have been in the World. All of the little extras and finishing touches for which the Mina A Salam is renowned, definitely did not disappoint. In conclusion, then, although we have travelled widely; and although our stay in Dubai was also made special by being able to spend time with our eldest son who is currently out in Dubai working as a consultant for his UK Company, a Seaplane aerial tour, a Desert Safari, a day around 'old' Dubai, a visit to the Burj Al Arab, and, splendid weather; our stay at the Mina A Salam and the associated wonderful Arabic hospitality that we received ensured that we will always remember this very special holiday.  We definitely hope to return one day. We would be grateful if you would pass on our comments to your colleagues at the Hotel Mina A Salam. Many Thanks again Kindest Regards - Judy, Louise &amp; Eric Thomas.	
Mar 5 2009 	Excellent Mina A'Salam	Had a hitch on arrival in the early hours because we'd failed to request a no-smoking room, but the hotel dealt with it well and moved us the next day. If you want no-smoking remember to request it.The Arabian Deluxe room was on the side of the building, with a pleasant view of the Burj and the Gulf. However you do pick up a bit of noise on the balcony from the nearby road, so probably we'd choose an Ocean view room on another visit.Our experience was really nice. Very pleasant and helpful staff, especially the Abra drivers who would chat away and take you on a boat tour quite happily. The grounds are a bit Disneyland-ish but that's not a criticism as we thought they were very pretty especially at night.We ate around the hotel and Souk every night and had some lovely food and drink - even if it was expensive. The Italian restaurant Segreto was really nice (visited twice), but we didn't enjoy the Toscana so much. Buffet in AlQasr extensive with some of the nicest curries ever. Had an extremely nice steak at the Meat Company. All the restaurants looked very nice.The beach was easily large enough to accommodate all the guests here in mid February. We also enjoyed being able to take walks along to the Jumeira Beach hotel.Overall we had a really nice time at Mina A'Salam and wouldn't hesitate to go back.	
Mar 3 2009 	Beautiful resort lovely escape	We stayed at Mina A Salam from 26 until 31 of December! It was a lovely resort some of the best ones I have stayed! The room although needs renovations was big for European standards, bathroom too (very convenient)! Check in was ok although I would expect something more private and cosi, a glass of champagne for welcome drink maybe but if I consider that we arrived at about 23:25 most of the front office staff would be out. First impression, lobby and room was pleasant, nice temperature and lovely view. We got some room service which it was extremely overpriced, the smallest quantity it could be but it was the finest! It was small but the quality was top. Moreover I found out through out the resort’s f &amp; b outlets that the quantities were small, expensive and tasteful. Pool and beach service was nice, the water park ok (families recommended). The people at the little boats were very helpful, so it was concierge. Breakfast very impressive with a large selection of items with good and fast service. Room was properly cleaned and nice turned down (although I would expect more on the turn down service) it was fine. Rooms decoration is retro, traditional Arabic; although I like modern ones I found it convenient and cosi. We had dinner to 3 or four restaurants all over the complex and it was fine. (best one was the last night by the restaurant pirsic)In conclusion it was a pleasant experience although it was high season were completely satisfied.	
Feb 25 2009 	Best hotel I have ever stayed in!!!	I love this hotel, this is the 2nd time I have been there (had to save up a lot). It is pricey for a holiday, but well worth it. We had a room overlooking the main part of the hotel and waterways, with a big balcony that was great for sitting out on and watching the world go by.There are abras (small boats) that will ferry hotel guests to the souk that is next door and the next hotel (Al Qasr). Golf carts will take you to the Jumeriah Beach hotel and the Burj al Arab. I highly recommend you go and have look round (guests who are staying at the Mina, Qasr or Jumeriah allowed in between 10 -12 and 4-6 pm to wander).The Breakfast is excellent and the resturants that we tried were great (Shimmers - on the beach, Zheng He's - chinese and Arboretum - everything.The staff are all excellent, the conceirge team will be able to help you with everything, and the Abra Captains are very knowledgeable about the whole of the Hotel complex. Language is not a problem as everyone speaks very good english.The Beach is great, with waiters and beach staff to bring drinks and towels to you. Life guards are on duty and it is private - you have to sign in and show your room key.overall a great stay..	
Feb 22 2009 	The best hotel I've ever stayed at	We've just returned from a week at the Mina A Salam. I've done a fair amount of travelling but I've never stayed at a place quite like this. We could not find one negative thing about it, no matter how hard we looked. The room was spacious (we had an ocean deluxe room), spotlessly clean and beautifully decorated. And as for the bed - absolutely gorgeous. But the biggest thing of all was the staff. Never have I come across such friendly, helpful people. Nothing was too much trouble and they went out of their way to help us in any way they could. I'm not normally inclined to go back to the same hotel twice, as I like to try different places, but I would definitely make an exception for this one. Its fantastic.	
Feb 22 2009 	It may be was good some time ago...	We often try different hotels when visiting a citry. For our Dubai trip, we chose the Traders (very nice City Hotel in Deira), the Atlantis the Palm (out of this world-experience) and the Min A'Salam. Look for my separate reviews about the Atlantis and the Traders.The reason to choose the Min A'Salam were the excellent reviews we found on Tripadvisor and a recommendation from our travel agency. Well, good things first: It really is a very nice place. The area is huge, it takes about 20-20 minutes to travel around the area on electric boats. The ressort offers about 40 restaurants, bars etc. I don't want to list all the features since you may find them somewhere else.Now to the bad things: Everything except the location and the hotel itself is not 5 Star. Coming directly from the Atlantis, the Min A Salam was a huge disappointment. Examples: - Only few of the staff were friendly and helpful. We really didn't feel this advertised &quot;warm welcome&quot;. Some employees even gave you the impression that they don't like to get disturbed.- Breakfast was really poor: Having all these excellent reviews in mind, I think they changed the offering. E.g. only 2 varieties of cheese and only 4 varieties of cereals is not what I can expect from a 5 star hotel. One morning we had to wait 10 minutes to get our tea / coffee. Very limited choice of warm food, Pancakes not warm, etc. etc.- One evening, we asked for a taxi. The hotel offered their own limousine and told us that pricing was the same as a regular taxi. It was finally more expensive (50%) , so we felt a bit fooled. - There was smell of smoke in our room (Nr. 100) when we checked-in. After some arguments with the front desk staff, they placed a &quot;smoke removing unit&quot; in our room for some hours, which was helpful but annoying. Removing smell should be done BEFORE the arrival of new guests. And be careful: There are some &quot;Arabian deluxe&quot; rooms with really bad views on a parking lot of the bordering property. Better book a &quot;Ocean deluxe&quot; to make sure you get a nice view. We actually didn't accept the alternative room (Nr. 8) since views were limited to this parking lot.There really were lots of positive aspects, but finally, it's the little things that count. After all, I wouldn't recommend this hotel.	
Feb 20 2009 	Terrible and unprofessional service	We went to the Mina A'Salam because we wanted to stay somewhere special.The hotel is huge and quite exciting to walk around in, however the staff was ridiculously unhelpful, badly trained and unprofessional.We arrived very early and asked for an early check-in prior. However there was nothing they did for us, so we had to hang around in the lobby for 6 hours until our room was ready. In a hotel with half a thousand rooms or so, I find it hard to believe that they are not able to accommodate us for a few hours. They did not do anything for us to make the annoying wait sitting on our luggage any more convenient.In a hotel that I pay more than a $1000 per night, I expect to be pampered and not have to pay $25 per day for the internet. What a joke. Why is this not included in the price - do 25 bucks really matter when you just paid more per night than one of their staff earns per month? Also for a while they did not even have those cards you need in order to use the internet, so for most of the first day - no internet at all.At the end of our trip we tried to send a bit of mail back home, they charged us for the stamps. Can you believe this? We had a $3 charge for stamps in supposedly one of the best hotels in Dubai.It did not surprise me anymore that at the end one important letter never arrived back home. I highly recommend you stay somewhere else - clearly Dubai has not enough experience with tourism and at the end of the day you can see the difference to e.g. Singapore or Hong Kong very easily, which makes me wonder if any other hotel would have been better. I can not vouch for that, however do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.	
Feb 14 2009	No Character Staff Quality and Attitude Variable	Having stayed at other hotels within the Jumeirah group, including the Burj, we were expecting high standards. Trip Advisor had the hotel rated number #1 at the time we booked.I agree with other reviews that there was a degree of paranoia amongst the staff, particularly at the beach, and the requirement to constantly sign in to access the beach was tiresome.We stayed with Exec Club access, and made use of the club lounge for breakfast and evening happy hour. Unfortunately despite paying a considerable amount extra for this benefit, the staff in the club exec area seemed to regard the guests with disdain.I was embarrassed at one point to be told in a very brusque manner that there was a dress code and that gentlemen were expected to wear long trousers even when sitting outside on the club lounge balcony. This was about half way through our stay and no one had mentioned this at any time before, and there was no mention of it in the guest services directory. Needless to say I was not the only person to have been wearing shorts and sandals - it's Dubai for goodness sake and the balconies are not exactly air conditioned!At check out we waited for nearly an hour for the sole member of staff to finish talking to some new arrivals, with no acknowledgement of our presence and no apology for the delay.If you're looking for a family friendly resort with lots of kids, very busy bars and restaurants (open to non-guests) and staff that think they're better than you, go for it. We won't be staying with Jumeirah again.	
Feb 10 2009 	The place for special moments	We spend an unforgetable week in Mina A Salam. I, my wife and our 5 year old son enjoyed everything. Everything important is already said in earlier reviews and I agree all. So everything except reception was excellent. The resort Madinat Jumeirah as a whole is perfect place to have holiday, especially with a small kid. Everybody was helpful, the atmosphere is kid friendly, waterways are exciting way to go inside the huge resort area and almost no time there wasn't any hassle or big crowds.I suggest that you don't buy half board, because there's so many restaurants to choose and this year there's also different price promotions on going.	
Feb 1 2009 	Mina not as good as before	This was our third stay in Mina.On previous reviews I have praised this hotel,as service has been outstanding.This time we had a lot of problems.....Arrival at airport ok,I had booked arrival and departure transfers by e-mail directly with the hotel.When we arrived to the hotel I wanted to confirm the departure,and at reception they knew nothing-so they scheduled it again.We were asked if we wanted to up-grade our room paying extra,&quot;as we had only booked arabian deluxe&quot;-that's the lowest categoryOn previous stays that category has been fine,so we said no.When we arrived to the room,it was groundfloor,as far away from the beach you could possible come, freezing cold(it is cold in january)and terrace was filthy.So we returned to the reception and accepted to pay the extra.As a regular client I would never have dreamed that they would give me such a bad room-it should really be time to get a free upgrade by now.......Also the staff at checkin was pretty awful-cold as ice( east european),not a smile,and we were then later ignored every time we passed reception.The day before departure we had a letter asking if we were interested in using the hotel transfer-by that time I got really frustrated.How many times do you have to tell them about the departure?Finally I could arrange it ,but after requiering the presence of the front desk manager.During the last years there was always music in the lobby,petals in the fountain and lovely insence-burners.That is gone.The lobby is completly dead,before you could spend hours just listening to the music,watching people going by and enjoying the smell.Mina has lost a lot of it's charme.Before I used to rate this as the best hotel in the world,now I am not even sure that we will return.Come on Mina-you can do much better than this.I know you cut down on extras due to the crisis,only half of the amenities in the bath,less items on the breakfastbuffet ,no chocolates and dates on your pillows for the nigh tetc. etc.But this is a very expensive hotel and details makes a lot.	
Feb 1 2009 	Easily the best in Dubai!	I had read all the good reviews, but Mina A'Salam still blew me away. We stayed for 6 nights and I am hard pressed to find any flaw in the hotel. The room is large, very comfy bed, with all facilities one coulsd ask for. The service is very very good, the staff greet you warmly, are very attentive and make genuine efforts. The view from the balcony (we had one overlooking the lagoon and abra station) was superb, and we enjoyed sitting there every evening watching the beautiful lights. We took the boat rides along the waterways every morning and evening, because both experiences are different, but equally magical. Attention to detail everywhere is impressive, and I can safely say I have never stayed in a better hotel anywhere! We will definitely be back.	
Jan 31 2009	Excellent hotel; maybe too expensive	We stayed 9 nights in the hotel. It's indeed one of the best hotels we ever stayed in, but it should be for the steep price, about 600 EUR per night for an ocean view room. The hotel was probably not more than 50% full, but a couple of times we had trouble finding a free bed on the beach. I wonder how the experience is when the complex is close to fully booked. The pool is too small and not deep enough to swim, only good for kids. Conclusion: excellent hotel but in my opinion overpriced.	
Jan 30 2009 	Second visit to Madinet Jumeirah would defo return	This was our second visit to Madinet Jumeriah having previously stayed at the Al Qsar and we were not disappointed. I had emailed the hotel to notify them that we had previously stayed at their sister hotel and at check in we were given express check in and a room upgrade we also had no wait for our room even though we checked in at 8 a.m This visit we didn't choose a club room and i really didn't regret it but i do however wish we had stayed at the Al Qsar it's a much grander hotel. However Mina Al Salam is still very beautiful and the staff are very polite.We visited during Ramadam and we found the resort slightly quiter and the restaurants offered good discounts would consider going back again during ramadam.If you are visiting for a special occasion then i recommend that you let the hotel know we had an anniversary and a birthday and we came back to wine, strawberries and chocolate and a cake for the birthday.	
Jan 29 2009 	Great hotel and resort	We stayed at the Mina A Salam for a week. It was a lovely resort with lots of facilities. The rooms are lovely and big - we had a room with a view of the sea and the Burj Al Arab. Breakfast was v good and finished at 11am which meant you could have a lie in!The whole resort is v nice and the staff are good. Reception was a bit slow when we checked in. Otherwise the service was excellent. The water taxis are great way to get around. You can also get around the resort by buggy, with access to the Burj and wave.We tried the Talise Spa which was a disappointment - so can not recommend it for a relaxing experience. It promises much more than it delivered.There is also a health club which we tried and was good.There is a shuttle bus to the Mall of Emirates which was v good. Suggest you avoid going to the Mall in the evening as the traffic gets quite bad.There are plenty of restaurants in the resort - but can work out pricey as you would expect.The beach is wonderful - miles and miles of soft clean sand.Overall I think the hotel and complex is beautiful and with enough to keep you busy for more than a week.	
Jan 25 2009 	Elegant stunning service needs improvement	My wife and I spent 2 nights at Mina A' Salam at Madinat Jumeirah on our way to southeast asia. Prices were not cheap (&gt;$700 per night) but frankly the economy was doing a lot better at the time than it is now. Mina A' Salam at Madinat Jumeirah absolutely blew us away. It is an architectural jewel and the rooms are absolutely 5 stars without a doubt. The views on the ocean facing side of the hotel are wonderful considering the location in the heart of Dubai. The most memorable part about this hotel was taking the gondola-boat rides at night to the various dining establishments along the man-made canal. While a bit &quot;Vegas&quot; or &quot;Disney&quot;, it was without a doubt world class.All that being said the Mina A' Salam at Madinat Jumeirah fails in one very key aspect: Customer Service. We arrived after a very long 20 hour flight and were very much ready for a room and a shower. We had arrived passed the expected check-in time but our room was not yet ready. I made it a point to insist that we were very tired after our long flight and that we would like a time frame for a hotel room. The hotel receptionist said she had no idea but handed us a cell phone so she could call us when the room was ready. While a friendly gesture it was clear that we would be waiting a while if we needed a cell phone. I re-iterated our long trip to Dubai and again the receptionist simple suggested we go to the bar for a drink (not complimentary).We sat down and had a drink and after about 30 minutes I decided to ask for a manager. I made it more than clear that not only were we paying astronomical rates for a simple room but the room was not ready on time and that they needed to do something immediately. This unnecessary step finally resulted in us getting a room within the next 10 minutes. Throughout or trip my wife and I were repeatedly treated as second-rate citizens by hotel staff members. It was as if the hotel staffers thought they were part of the UAE royalty and that they had forgotten that their guests were paying $700+ per night to stay here. I must be fair and say that it was not just at the Mina A' Salam at Madinat Jumeirah where we received this kind of treatment but also in many other places around Dubai. Unfortunately we will not be returning to the Mina A' Salam at Madinat Jumeirahor Dubai simply because we've had much better experiences closer to home with much more affordable prices.	
Jan 19 2009 	Port of Peace!	We had an excellent stay at Mina A Salam! I would highly recommend staying at any of the three properties of the Madinat Jumeriah complex.	
Jan 13 2009 	Wonderful stay at MAS.	We stayed at Mina from 15th November 2008 for a week. This was our second visit, our first one was at a similar date in 2007. Both times we have stayed in a Club Executive Room. After reading some of the reviews before leaving we were slightly nervous that this second trip wouldn’t be anywhere near as good as our first trip. Thankfully it was just as wonderful and I’m absolutely amazed at some of the comments made.I’ll try to keep this review as brief as possible.RoomHuge. Everything you could imagine you’d need – they even provide a multi country plug. Bottled water was replenished daily and a ‘gift’ was left during every turn down service. Executive LoungeWe used this to its maximum. We ate breakfast each morning, had afternoon tea and cocktails and canapés in the evening. The only negative comment I have is that the breakfast was always luke warm. StaffAbsolutely fantastic. Every single member of staff we encountered greeted us. Those who were in a position to know our names used them. The receptionist at Wild Wadi even wished my husband happy birthday! Charlotte, Ryan and Sunshine in the Executive Lounge were especially good. PoolClean and well staffed. Cold towels, ice creams and fruit kebabs offered at various times of the day. Beach Busy! The beach was far busier than around the pool and I feel it reflected on the staff. They weren’t quite as cheerful and the towel station was often un-manned because of the amount of people needing assistance. Security We only left the resort properly once. As we were leaving we noticed how chaotic is was on the MAS driveway with cars coming in so decided to come back through Al Quasar instead. No problems with security then. Only wandering around the hotel were we offered assistance (possibly to see if we knew where we were going and make sure we were supposed to be in the hotel). We were asked our room numbers at the security point when we visit the Burj and we saw another buggy of people being asked to show their room key but nothing aggressive. Restaurants We ate in The Wharf, Al Hambra, Zheng He’s and MJ’s Steak House. All were wonderful – The Wharf was quite possibly one of the best meals I’ve had. If there’s any that you would like an individual review for please feel free to e-mail me. Wild WadiGood to pass an hour or so in the afternoon. It’s a great perk to have included in the hotel because it’s certainly not worth paying for. As hotel guests you are able to collect towels as you walk in so there is no need to take anything with you. Just some proof that you’re staying. It’s a fairly small water park and although there are lots of different rides you can do them all pretty quickly. All in all we had another wonderful holiday at MAS and will be doing our very best to make sure we are able to return in 2009.	
Jan 12 2009 	No picture can reflect how wonderful it is	Mina A Salam means Harbour of peace in Arabic and it really is.The rooms are gorgeous, full of colours, with a local style touch.The room size is impressive too.All rooms have either a front sea view or a side view. I STRONGLY recommend the full front sea view.Most of these rooms have a view at the back of the Burj Al Arab which is illuminated at night and changing colours; beautiful.From within the Madinat Jumeirah, you have the Mina A Salam, the Al Qasr and the souk with a wide choice of restaurants, night activities, nautical activities, spa treatments, and everything you can expect from a high standard hotel. Except you have two hotels and the night out/shopping area.The whole Madinat is build like a small Venice.And if you want to have a drink at 300m, just ask for a Golf car to bring you to the Burj Al Arab.I have this chance to travel every year to some lovely places (Bora-Bora, Florida ...) and I have to say that I never ever felt as relaxed as I was at the Mina A Salam.To me, from the 4 Jumeirah hotels which are Mina A Salam, Al Qasr, Jumeirah and Burj Al Arab:- Burj Al Arab is just too much. The building is fantastic and it is a landmark for sure. The inside is ... too much.- Jumeirah is for (rich) family vacations with small kids- Al Qasr and Mina A Salam are very close in style and are both part of the Madinat. I didn’t stay at the Al Qasr but the lobby alone seamed more “cold” than the Mina A Salam. This being said, it’s still a 5*...- Mina A Salam is the perfect relaxing place. On the little balcony looking at the sea (day or night), at the pool (Al Qasr’s one is bigger), drinking a cocktail in the lobby, walking along the canal or travelling with the abras.Yes, you do pay the price, plus an extra for the front sea view but:- Dubai is duty free, not just the airport, everything.- You get what you pay for: perfection and nothing else is acceptable.One last detail, I was there is January and the hotel was almost empty. I understoot it is quite different from May to October...	
Dec 23 2008 	Disneyland	I stay here every December for work. Very resort-y. Has absolutely no character, but staff very sweet. Gym and Spa are fantastic.	
Dec 12 2008 	Relax and enjoy Dubai	We went to the Mina A'salam a week ago, and what a great time we had in Dubai.The hotel complex is super, you have 2 hotels, the Mina A'Salam &amp; the Al 'Qasr and in the middel you have the souk, all this is surrounded by 3.7km of waterways where boats bring you from one point to the other of just give you a tour around the complex.We had a regular room, but for many other hotels this is a suite.You hae a beautifull bedroom with a big bed and terras that had a view over the beach, the city and the Burj Al Arab. It had a big bathroom with bed a shower and a separate toilet &amp; bidet.The complex also contains more then 30 restaurants and bars, where you can find all kinds of food, from burgers to fine cuisine and most of them have an excelent wine card.The staff were extremely kind, and everything was so clean and smelled so great to be honest, I can't seem to find 1 thing to complain about. You also have a couple of pools and 1km of private beach that have the best beach chairs.The food is absolutely superb, even if you go to the regular buffet, they have it all. Our favorite restaurant was the Zeng He (chinese haute cuisine) and the Segreto (Italian).We have done the dessert trip with 4x4 followed by a nice dinner in the dessert, visited 2 of the biggest malls (one contained an indoor ski slope and the other a icescating ring and a huge aquarium) we also visited the textile souk and took a boat ride on the creek. As you are a guest in the Jumeira hotel, you are allowed to visit the Burj Al Arab for free, I hiighly recommend doing this as you can get a nice view of the resort and a part of the palm island.For the rest, well as I said, they have soiled us to death, the keep the eniter place so clean, the food is superb, on the beach you get free cooled towels, fruit-sticks and icepopsicles and each evening you get a little gift on the bed, chocolates, massage oils, footspray. If you can afford it, do it, it is really worth the money. And before I forget, the are very child friendly and they also have a great gym, indoor swimmingpool, sauna .. and apparently a good spa, but we did not get to that ..We hope to do that the next time we go there !If you want to see more pictures then the ones I uploaded follow the next link http://foto.zita.be/8553944114	
Dec 9 2008 	Nice but overrated	The hotel was like everything else in Dubai - impressive to look at, but without charm and overpriced. I have to admit, I had a good laugh at the MAS, but I was actually hoping for a few luxurious days at the beach with my partner... Which is what the MAS is trying to sell itself as.The room was nice, average sized, very comfy bed, average sized, bulky CRT TV, no iPod dock or similar.Service is generally very poor, with the lowest ranking staff being the most friendly and helpful and the further up you go in the food chain, the less do staff care. E.g. check out took more than 20 minutes and I still do not fully understand what can possibly take so long as they had already sent me the final invoice to the room the night before. There are numerous other examples where you are just stunned that this can happen in a self proclaimed 5 star hotel.Finding a taxi is a a struggle, particularly due to the fact that the hotel is part of a larger complex that houses multiple bars and restaurants with hotel residents and non-residents waiting for the same taxis. Restaurants were ok, but terribly overpriced. Again, the service was dismal.Beach staff was great and very helpful.All in all, to me, this was an overpriced high end beach resort that did not live up to my expectations.	
Nov 24 2008 	Lovely Hotel....Horrible checkin	We just returned from a three day visit at Mina A' Salam. The checkin process was horrible and left me feeling quite humiliated. Our trip was booked by our travel agent and upon arrival we were advised by the hotel that the booking was cancelled. We made some quick calls to our travel agent who insisted that the reservation was made and confirmed. The manager then asked us to sit on a less than inviting bench in a small corner near the entrance of the hotel while the matter was being investigated. We were treated like uninvited guests we were not directed to the general seating area in the main lobby . We were also advised that at best we could only be accommodated for one night (Thursday) and that there was absolutely no availablity on Friday or Saturday night. I found that this manager did everything in her power to make us want to leave she seemed to have determined in her mind that we could not possibly be guests of the hotel. In the end through persistence on the part of our travel agent everything was sorted out the following morning. Had it not been that we were travelling with children we would have left this hotel based on the actions and comments of this one &quot;manager&quot; at checkin.In the end we had a great time however I do believe that the staff at checkin/out could have a much better attitude.	
Nov 22 2008 	Great complex	What a great complex! The Mina A Salaam is one of several hotels linked by man made waterways in a large complex. You travel to various parts using a battery powered Abra – one of our favourite activities. The beach is great with attendants to organise your chairs, bring drinks and other cooling refreshments. You feel quite safe as there are a lot of lifeguards about. One of the perks of staying in this complex is that you are allowed to visit the Burj Al Arab – take the opportunity. The only disappointment was the evening meal where the service as slow and the quality too random. We would certainly go back.	
Nov 21 2008 	Pure Luxury!	We are two girls in our thirties who have just arrived back from the Mina Salam. We were lucky enough to have a suite so had all the little extras thrown in like afternoon tea and pre dinner drinks! Its a perfect location as you have access to the other hotels in the chain (inc the Burj) and have the Souk with its many bars and restaurants close by. Rooms are luxurious, staff are friendly, beach is lovely and all the little touches like cold towels and fruit were excellent. The waterways make it that bit more special with the water taxis always available. We felt truly looked after! While we were there we booked some treatments at Al Qasr, I have never seen a spa like it! The Waterpark at Atlantis is a must, go early before it opens(10am) and you can walk through the hotel lobby. Only negative thing is taxis are a nightmare when you leave! Visit the roof top bar at Royal Mirgage and the beach bar and grill. We had the best meal at Raffles, the food was amazing and the views were out of this world! The only negative thing we found was that it was impossible to get a table at a decent dining hour despite trying to book in advance so if possible book before you go or as soon as you arrive for the duration! All in all Dubai is an amazing place and worth a visit, we cant wait to go back!!	
Nov 20 2008 	A beautiful hotel but!	We have just returned from a week at the Mina, and although we had a good time, and found the hotel a beautiful place to stay there was something lacking. The rooms are very comfortable, spacious with the most wonderful beds, huge flat screen TV, large bathroom with big shower, twin sinks and separate loo.We had room 408, a good position not too far from the lifts and with an excellent view of the waterways below, the beach and the Burj, and quite a good sized balcony.The restaurants in the whole complex are very expensive, allow about £200 per night per couple for a meal and a few drinks, we tried the Chinese at the Mina which was very disappointing the food was cold and the dishes are not at all like a Chinese meal you would have at home which is ok if the food is good but it was'nt. The Wharf was quite good, food was ok but nothing special considering the price. MJ's at the Al Qasa was very nice excellent food and a beautiful setting. the best value for money food was to be found at The Meat Company, good food, friendly staff and a buzzing atmosphere with reasonable prices.So what was lacking, well it is difficult to put your finger on it, I suppose you would call it &quot;a holiday atmosphere&quot; there were lots of people in the bars and restaurants who live and work in Dubai or are there on business and I think that changes the atmosphere of the place, there was very little entertainment for the British tourist.Special mention for the boys on the beach, they were excellent, cold towels, ice lollies, fruit sticks were brought round everyday and all were nice and smiley, the beach is lovely with very comfy sun beds.To sum up, a lovely but expensive week in the sun, would we go back? probably not!	
Nov 18 2008 	Deservedly Number 1 (and just as good as all the reviews suggest)	The good reviews have already said it all. There is nothing we could fault. We would go back in an instant and given the choice of 5* hotels in Dubai that really is saying something. The Pool service deserves special mention, it really was difficult to drag ourselves away from the pool some days, and we are not sun worshippers. Breakfast every morning on the outside terrace was a particular treat and there is a wide choice of restaurants on site to cover most tastes for lunch and dinner.	
Nov 12 2008 	Best hotel I've stayed in!	It's fabulous and is everything others have said. Large comfortable rooms, great bathrooms, great views and friendly staff with transport to other Jumeira hotels by boat or buggy.The only thing all this luxury comes at at great cost, especially the food and drinks, allow at least £200 per day per couple and thats a minimum.Dubai is very expensive and the Mina is no exception.But do stay here.	
Nov 12 2008 	Third and last time to Mina Salam	So this was our third time to Dubai, staying at the Mina Salam as we have done previously. Oh what a difference...I don't know what has happened but the whole place has gone down hill. The service, the quality, the staff all really poor this time around.Mina Salam 'prides' itself on being a luxury hotel but it in my opinion it has turned into just another hotel.To expand on my comments... 1. We arrived at Mina Salam, approached reception and were dealt with by a member of staff who did not at any point smile or make us feel welcome. We could of been staying at ANY hotel in the world. Not a great start. 2. Massive language issues compared to our previous stays at Mina Salam. Staff in general did not understand what we were asking for.  3. Staff attidudes were very hit &amp; miss. House Cleaning staff always greeted us but most other staff throughout the whole of the Madinat did not make us feel welcome. 4. On three seperate occasions we ordered food and drinks and the wrong items were brought to us. We ordered drinks while on the beach and waited over an hour for them to turn up. A Manager came to apologize but his English was very poor. He offered us a complimentary drink and when it arrived it was not what we had asked for!! 5. Everywhere we went we were jumped on by staff offering to 'take our photo'. This was very annoying to the point that we could not even take a swim in the see without one of the photo people approaching us. 6. Security staff everywhere asking us if we are guests and what our room number was made it feel more like a prison than a luxury hotel. 7. Food at the beach bar was very poor but by that point we had just about given up on the holiday. When we mentioned it to reception staff when checking out there was a 'could not care less' attitude. 8. The overal level of service we expected was far below that we actually recieved and it took away the 'special magic' that we want from our holidays. We paid a huge amount of money to stay at Mina Salam and I really do feel that we could have stayed at any hotel at a far lower cost and had far better service.9. if you are staying on a Friday, beware the drunks at the Friday Brunch. I was embarrased to be British! In my opinion, Mina Salam was once a hotel with a difference, now it is just another hotel. The ONLY positive thing was that we had a very nice evening at Pisces. The staff were attentive and the food was excellent. Unfortunatley this does not make up for the other short comings.	
Nov 12 2008 	Highly recommended!	My husband and our two friends stayed at the Mina for three nights on the way back from the Maldives in November 2008. We loved it and would definitely return or recommend it to others.I agree with all the positive comments that others have already written but I would like to add a few other things. The concierge team were excellent and in particular we received first class treatment from Chicho Martinez who suggested some great restaurants to us and was very attentive. He booked a table at the Lebanese restaurant in the Jumeriah Beach Hotel on our first night which was very entertaining - there was a belly dancer on who was great fun to watch!The reception staff were also excellent during our check-in. I know others have said that they received a frosty reception but not us! It was very informative and they give you an information pack upon arrival which was most useful to guests.The abra's around the Madinat are excellent and we utilised these every day along with the beach buggies which take you to other neighbouring hotels such as the Burj, Jumeriah Beach and Wild Wadi Water Park. We did afternoon tea at the Burj which was excellent and not to be missed - make sure you book well in advance!The breakfasts were excellent, lots to choose from and they even cook your eggs just as you like them! If I was to have one gripe, I had to ask 3 times for a coffee top up!The rooms are very spacious, have very comfortable beds and the toiletries, slippers, robes, towels are all of the standard you would expect in a 5 star establishment. We had a small balcony looking out onto the madinat complex which was good although we were not there long enough to utilise it. We also utilised the free shuttle service to the Gold and Diamond Park which was very prompt. This also takes you to the new Emirates Mall although we didn't go as we didn't have time.We also enjoyed Shimmers Bar on the beach on the last night. You can try a Shisha if you want. We all shared one for around $10 and it was great fun! They offer fruity ones as well as the traditional tabacco!Its rare we go back to the same place on holiday, but I would definitely return to the Mina A Salam - it was spot on!! Well done Mina!	
Nov 4 2008 	Outstanding Hotel	The Mina A Salam was fantastic - the service in this hotel was 6 star. Everyone was friendly and great with children. The attention to detail is second to none. Around the pool you are given fruit , ice lollys , cold towels. Contrary to someone else,s report there were always lots of people to attend to you around the pool and the beach. It is a tranquil location in the perfect setting for a relaxing holiday . The food is also great lots of choice and many different restaurants. A visit to the Burj is a must. We will not hesitate to return.	
Nov 3 2008 	Wonderful stay	We have just had a wonderful stay at the Mina, we stayed there for the last few days of Ramadan and we found the staff to be by far the most attentive that we have ever encountered in any hotel. From the moment you arrive at check in and are offered cool towels and ice cool drinks, to the moment you leave we found the staff to be extremely helpful and courteous. They even apologised to us because our taxi to the airport was late, and I had pre-booked the taxi myself, and which had nothing to do with the hotelThe bedroom and bathroom were both spacious, clean and tidy, with loads of goodies being left for us each day, the bed being both huge and exceptionally comfortable.The pool side staff were by far the most helpful, from laying out your towel on your sunbed, to brining round buckets of ice, fruit lollies, cool towels (again) and ice lollies, nothing was to much trouble for them.The arbas are great fun just hop on board and tell them were you want to go, the same with the golf buggies just hop on board and away you go. The beach was lovely and clean with ample beds and cabanas to use. We would definitely return to the Mina	
Oct 31 2008 	Practically Perfect in Every Way	We stayed at Mina a Salam for two nights in September of 2008. We were using the stay as a way to recover from jet leg before traveling on to Ethiopia, but it ended up being a delightful getaway all on its own.We booked an executive level room through the hotel's website, which gave us access to the executive lounge, where complimentary breakfast, afternoon tea and evening cocktails are served. At check-in (also in the lounge), we were upgraded to what had to be one of their largest suites--it was incredible! It had a giant bedroom, a ridiculously huge living room, a dining room and a spa category bathroom with mind-blowing amenities. It was like we had died and gone to hotel heaven. Everything about the room was dreamy.Almost as fabulous was the executive lounge. The breakfast spread was sumptuous and filling--we hardly needed to eat lunch! The lounge atmosphere was also very relaxing. We lingered there for several hours each morning, drinking coffee and reading newspapers from around the world. It was the perfect start to the day. The service provided by the lounge staff was also impeccable--they could not have been friendlier or more sincere. If you can swing the price difference, you should definitely splurge for the executive level room.Finally, the spa--wow! I am a spa snob, and I was really impressed with the experience I had. I got both a massage and a facial. The specialists were obviously well-trained, and the atmosphere was lush and relaxing. I can't say enough about how much we enjoyed our experience at Mina a Salam. The service was top notch, the room was to-die-for, and the spa was the cherry on top. I don't think I would go back to Dubai for a stand-alone vacation, but if you are stopping over, Mina a Salam is the place to stay.	
Oct 29 2008	Jumeirah beach Hote Madinat Jumeirah and Mina A Salaam	I've got to say that this was one of the best, if not best hotels i have ever stayed at, we went from the Jumeirah beach Hotel, to the Madinat Jumeirah and then the Mina A Salaam. My 3 year old daughter enjoyed it so much that I had to book in a few extra days.You get free access to the Wild Wadi Park if you stay at either the Jumeirah beach Hotel, Madinat or the Mina Salaam, the view from the balcony was beautiful and the staff made an extra effort to entertain my daughter by creating animals from the bath sheets and leaving them on the bed, something they learn at a course they are sent to.There are loads of restaurants on the hotel grounds, and you can be ferried around by guys driving buggies around the resort.you can also take little boats which take you around the resort....This is all free if you are staying at the hotel.If you are doing research and want to choose a hotel, then just to let you know, this resort has approx 3 hotels in them, Mina A Salaam, Madinat Jumeirah &amp; Dar Al Masyaf and the little boats and buggies take you from one to the other.	
Oct 25 2008 	Heaven on earth	This is by far the best hotel i have ever had the pleasure to stay in.....It is a totally wonderfull experience,very arabic and the service is outstanding!The service you receive is truly remarkable.There are no negative aspect to this hotel as you are treat like a royal in every single way...Rooms,Food amazing!Nothing else to say but glorious!	
Oct 25 2008 	One night in heaven	We had been staying elsewhere in Dubai and went to the Mina for a look around and fell in love. Even though it is a large place, you never felt like you were surrounded by hundreds of other people. The attention to detail in both the service and architecture is amazing. Nothing was too much trouble and all the staff generally seemed happy in their jobs and it really came across in their service and manner and it helped make the experience totally amazing. The beach is lovely and the sea so nice and warm - it was heaven. Just one thing - one night was not enough.	
Oct 23 2008	rude staff	stayed at the mina last year and like another reviewer was not going to write anything. but i have to agree with a couple of the reviews about the staff at this hotel.they were very miserable never smiled, when you needed a drink by the pool it was like gold dust to find anyone, and when you did they seemed reluctant to come over.the security staff were ott. name, room number, and then after that had to show your room key as well, it was like trying to get in to somewhere important like the whitehouse not a hotel.for the money that people have to pay the hotel staff and management need to buck up their ideas alot. not always as 5* as they would like to think.	
Oct 23 2008 	A smile is free	I wasn’t going to bother writing a review of the Mina as the overwhelming consensus seems to be really good and I don’t think pushing against that tide is really worthwhile. But I was reading the review titled Terrible below and I thought, yes I agree with some of that. Maybe I should back that up a little.Firstly though I must say the setting, with the waterways is absolutely outstanding and blew us away. The architecture of the whole place was incredible and we loved the little boats always available for a ride and the golf buggies on the front connecting the whole resort area all the way to the Jumeriah Beach Hotel and the Burj (assuming you had documentary evidence that allowed you to go there). The guys in the boats we found were without exception excellent.But the service wasn’t always 5* throughout. We were never treated disrespectfully by anyone, but at times the non smiling of significant numbers was a surprise. The attendants on the beach were very poor and probably the worst I have seen. I felt they were reluctant to move away from their enclave and I never saw any of them offer anything other than putting towels on the loungers and when I asked for spare towels I was met with great reluctance. No other services were offered to anyone on any day I was on the beach. So we all got the same treatment.We also used the pool area and the service from the pool attendants wasnt acceptable at all. The post remained unmanned for long periods, so folk would arrive and take towels themselves.Fortunately the service we got from the pool café was typical 5* and restored my faith that it wasn’t us that was the problem!The reception/concierge area staff didn’t do it for me either. Again we were never treated with any disrespect, but I never felt happy there. I cant explain it, but of all the 5* hotels I have stayed in I can only liken it to a hotel I stayed in in the former Yugoslavia that was advertised as 5*. No other 5* I have been in had so many unsmiling staff.The room décor was very nice and the bathroom excellent as well, BUT the walls were wafer thin. You could hear people talking through the walls. Really I expect better than that in a newly built hotel 5*. Thats a top hotel for honeymooners.....Like a previous poster I found some of the hotel security a little over zealous. Challenging our right to be in the complex. Again, no direct rudeness but on one occasion we were asked our room number, then our name and then the guard still asked to see our key-card. Maybe we don’t look like the sort of people he thought would downgrade to Mina level, but that’s clearly a training issue. The security could ask for a key-card and nothing else or accept what they are told. Who cares if non residents have made it to the complex. The only thing free of charge is the boat round the complex. Hardly a big deal.The spread at breakfast was excellent, but getting refills of coffee was always trying every morning. If they haven’t enough staff (and it wasn’t full any morning we were there), then give flasks out or make it available for punters to get themselves.Checkout was painless other than the clear wishes of various staff wanting tips, which always backfires with me.Don’t get me wrong we had a fine time. Dined in some good restaurants, but for the tripadvisor number one rated hotel in Dubai I would expect better service to go with the surroundings all the time, every time.	
Oct 20 2008 	Hot Hot Hot!	I stayed at this hotel as part of a two-centre trip that took me from Glasgow to Mauritius via Dubai on Emirates. On the return leg, I spent 4 days at the Mina A' Salam. After the laid-back and restfull atmosphere of Mauritius, Dubai was an amazing contrast. This hotel forms part of a huge complex that includes another (even more) luxurious hotel, and a range of villas. As part of Madinet, guests also have access to the Jumeirah Beach hotel pool and facilities, and can access the famous burj-al-arab with no charge. As a resident of the Mina A' Salam, you also get free access to Wild Wadi.The rooms are amazing, as is the hotel. The resort is huge, with more restaurants (28 in total) than you can use in a single holiday, it's own &quot;souk&quot; (shopping centre), with trips to each part by the free boats (abra's) that ply up and down the resorts canals and waterways ways.This is the best hotel I've ever stayed in. The Bahri Bar makes the best G&amp;T's I've ever had, and I want to go back as soon as can!	
Oct 19 2008 	Terrible!	For the price we are paying and great review I have been seeing on this forum we were expecting a half decent experience with our 3 night stay in Mina A'Salam. But this turns out to be one of the worst experiences I have had with a supposingly classy establishment.No doubt the hardware is impressive but the serivce level has left a bad tast in my mouth. First we were asked rudely to show our room keys as we walk back to our room after hours as if we are going throuhg Charlie Check points, these people have no ideas on how to converse with their clients properly.Went to have dinner at Pisces and that was a blatant rip off, I don't mind paying good prices for food but the seafood platter we ordered for two only have half a lobster tail in it! Again the waiter has no ideas that they are suppose to fill the wine and water for their customers given that the place the wine and water bottle away from the table. Numerious time I have to get up to fetch drinks myself.Nice Spread at breakfast but again problem with services. First day we try to sit by the water outdoor and the waiter show real reluctance to clean up the table for us. No coffee were offered until we ask repeatedly. Second day they could not find our names at the front desk dispite our names are neatly printed next to our room number. When we finally get a table, the lady took showed us the table was trying to get her colleague to set things up for us but he flattly refused!. This upsets her and she practically throw down the culteries on our table as protest...By the third and forth day we have grown accustomed to the service level so we did not expect much.Finally on checking out I ask the front desk people to send someone to help us with our luggaues and we were waiting in the lobby for 15mins. The first time I asked for the whereabouts of the luggages I was told they will check it, I gave them another 5 minutes the reception started arguing with me claiming the luggage is already there! But where??? I really do not expect a 5? star hotel staff would argue with their clients about this.truly horrible experience - I would discourage people from staying there for the price you have to pay. There must be somewhere else who at least understand the meaning of service. Coming from Asia I have never experienced anything like this anywhere.	
Oct 15 2008 	Another 5* Plus Hotel	We stayed at the mina a salam for 1 week (29th Sept-6th Oct 08).The rooms were lovely and very spacious. This was our 3rd time in Dubai so we upgraded again to executive, which means you get free airport transfers in a Audi or equivalent car. It also entitles you to access to the executive lounge. If you upgrade to executive (which is worth the extra money) you are entitled to all day soft drinks/ teas/ coffees and afternoon tea (between 3-4.30pm) in the exective lounge. You also get complimentary alcoholic drinks from 6-8pm (including moet and chandon champagne for no extra cost). The lounge isnt as nice as the jumeriah beach lounge, however there is a fantastic huge terrace. Recommended restaurants are MJ's, Zeng Hes and Segrato. We would also recommend the Talise spa.	
Oct 15 2008 	Very good but do´t get too excited	I stayed a very pleasant two days in the Mina Jumeirah. The hotel when you look at it from the beach appears to be in a very upscale amusement park in Florida. The seaview room was a very nice size, very good bathroom, good cable selection. The famous Burj al Arab hotel that also belongs to Jumeirah is right in front. Beach service was very good. Breakfast is excellent. Bear in mind however that staff at the front desk, both reception and concierge are pleasant enough but not as polished as you´d expect, resembles more an upscale resort than a luxury hotel.	
Oct 14 2008 	Holiday of a lifetime	What can I say about the Mina A Salam ?. From the minute we got out of the taxi, the treatment we received was by far the best we have experienced on any holiday. We were celebrating our Silver wedding anniversary, the hotel had been briefed by our travel agent Best@Travel, who were excellent and we would recommend them to any traveller.The staff were very professional yet approachable, the service was of the highest standards. We felt like millionaires, and were treated like we were.We can recommend lunch at the Burj Al Arab ( Al Muntaha restaurant ) it was wonderful, the food was excellent, they even presented us with a Anniversary cake, they then kindly boxed the rest in a box to take away.Restaurants we can recommend are Al Nafoorah, Segreto, Dhow &amp; Anchor, Al Hambra &amp; Shoo Fee Ma Fee, the choice is endless you can not go wrong. If you are choosing Dubai for your holiday, then stay at the Mina, you certainly will not be disappointed.	
Oct 14 2008 	Deserves the rave reviews	We stayed at the Mina for just one night as a stopover en route to South Africa.We opted for the executive upgrade which was very welcome after a surprisingly uncomfy Emirates flight (they are not what they were). This meant we were whisked through airport formalities by our &quot;fixers&quot; to a private transfer Chevvy with cold drinks and a friendly driver cum guide who showed us all the amazing changes since we last visited Dubai 10 years ago. The amount of money being invested in that place....On arrival at the hotel, we were met by one of the duty managers who escorted us down to the executive lounge for check-in. The girls there were first rate, really friendly and couldn't do enough for us. We were pleased to hear that our Ocean Deluxe room was ready immediately as we had requested. After our welcome fresh watermelon juice, we drifted upstairs where our bags soon arrived and then, refreshed, drifted back down for a late breakfast in the executive lounge. It's only a small place, but always seemed to have enough tables. The breakfast display was great, lots of choice, lovely fruit and yoghurts plus hot items and cute miniature bottles of Heinz tomato ketchup.By then, lack of sleep kicked in so we had a doze in our room - which was very comfortable. An enormous bed for us with a sofa bed for our 7 yo son. The bathroom was lovely and spacious, the main room not enormous but well laid out and with lots of nice touches like his and hers slippers in different patterns.Refreshed, we wanted to explore so hired a car from the Europcar desk in the hotel - it was only 20 pounds for a day. We drove around Dubai, busy and ever expanding, and did eventually manage to find some real desert along the Hatta road. But temperatures were soaring into the 50s (centigrade that is!) so we headed back to the hotel to cool off.After a really nice afternoon tea in the executive lounge (all in the price!), with cute sandwiches, lovely hot nibbles (samosas etc), a hot clafoutis dessert and irresistible strawberry tarts, we spent the next few hours in the pool at Mina's sister hotel, Al Qasr. Our son loved it, it's roomy and beautifully cool to hide in from the by now almost unbearable humidity. Last time we visited in March, far more pleasant - we would not go in August again. Even the short trip at Al Qasr by abra (water taxi) left us hot and sweaty.At least the fruit and lollies brought by the staff helped cool us down.Back to the Mina by abra (rush hour, we had to wait!) and in the room, treats awaited us with stuffed dates/marzipan for us, and a camel biscuit studded with smarties for our son. It's these nice touches that make the place special. Then we showered and changed and headed by buggy to the Al Khayal lebanese restaurant at the Jumeairah Beach Hotel. The buggies are a great way to get around and gave great view of the Burj light show. The JBH is impressive, on a grander scale than the more boutique feel of the Mina, and the external lift was worth a trip.Al Khayal was pretty good too, nice staff, good food (way too much in the set menu, we had to give up after the starters though they persuaded us to have dessert). The belly dancing and oud player were really fun and atmospheric. Dining and especially wine is mega expensive in Dubai, we chose the cheapest (Ksara) which was very nice Lebanese wine, but £40......Back at the Mina, we had a great night's sleep, much better than being on a plane! Early start next day to get back to the airport, we managed to wangle breakfast at the executive lounge even though they weren't technically open. Had to check out at the ordinary desk, guy was OK but we had to query some chocolate added to our bill from the mini-bar - I pointed out to the guy that with all the treats they had given us, we never even opened it! It was all sorted, then smooth transfer back to the airport and we were on our way for our trip to South Africa. We wondered when we booked whether the Mina was a case of the Emperor's new clothes - people perpetuating a myth because they wanted to be part of something special, but the reality being different. For us, the executive club made all the difference - make sure you opt for this, it's worth it for the transfers alone but delivers so much more.I'm sure we'll be back sometime for longer, though not in August! Maybe when Disney and the monorail are finished?	
Oct 8 2008 	excellent staff (except reception)	We have just returned from a trip to the Mina, we loved the hotel, however on arrival we found the girl on reception very sour faced, she did not smile at all through our whole check in - this worried us slightly as to what our stay would be like if this was typical of the staff at the hotel. I found this not to be the case and indeed she seemed to be a one off as the rest of the staff from the boys on the beach to the waiters in the restaurants, and the housekeeping staff to be wonderfully friendly.We would definately return to the hotel.	
Oct 8 2008 	Loved it !	We stayed at the Mina for only a short time - Wed to Sat in September on our way back from Mauritius.Checked in really early (7 am) room wasn't ready until 10:50 but we did expect this. We stayed in a standard room - the bed had to be one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in, also there were about 8 pillows on the bed!!!Breakfast is served until 11.30 and has everything you could possibly think of there (I loved the porridge).Whilst there we went to the Mall of the Emirates the hotel has a shuttle bus every hour to take you there and we took advantage of the free entry to the Wild Wadi which was great.The hotel has thought of everything - buggies to take you to neighbouring hotels, a reservations hotline to book your tables around the Madinat - the abrahs (water taxis) to take you around the Madinat - be sure to visit the Al Qasr - amazing inside - we dined at MJ Steakhouse there - £40 just for one steak - rather steep I think - but very tasty indeed!We also had a pre-dinner drink in the Bahri Bar at the Mina - a very cool bar - with fabulous views of the Burj Al Arab !!The private beach was fab - also again, great views of the Burj - loved the four poster beds!All in all we had a great time, pity we only had two full days and didn't have time to visit the Burj - but we are definitely hoping to return very soon.Dubai of course is very, very hot and it's expensive but it's definitely worth a visit	
Oct 7 2008 	PERFECTION !	This hotel is fantastic! You can read all the positive comments on other reviews. I can only add, spend some time at the private beach, during the day you will be served with free fruit, ice creams, cold towels and wait for it, they come round and clean your sunglasses! Loved it, without exception. Also have a walk round and use the boats, the complex is huge.	
Oct 5 2008 	Fantastic experience	We stayed for 2 nights, during Ramadan.We were unable to fault the hotel.Following the advice from previous reviews, we also booked an executive room.From the time we were met, prior to passport control, to the time we were deposited back at the airport, I was unable to find fault with the hotel.The executive rooms are worth every cent-the airport pick-up, the Moet, the nibbles, the extra service are all excellent.Our room was large, a very comfortable king bed, a huge bathroom, and a view of &quot;the burj&quot;.The little taste treats around the pool were very welcome also.Great shuttle service to local shopping mall was also excellent.Just can't find a fault!Can't wait to go there again.	
Oct 5 2008 	Mina A'Salam ( MAS ) - where else ? Heaven on earth	Just had to add my glowing reference to the mountain of respect for the MAS.My wife and I spent 3 nights here ( en route to China ) the 3rd week in Sept. We elected to book the Premium Leisure rate, and was not dissapointed with the benefits.I had read about the time it takes to go through immigration &amp; customs without help, and was astounded by the service we received. After the coach trip from the far side of the airport ( the only bad point, come on Emirates ) we were met after the baggage carousel and Duty Free by a representative from Jumeriah Group who escorted us past the lines of waiting people, and the people waiting for the fast track to the counter reserved for special needs, where there was no one waiting - a couple of words to the official, passport stamped, onto the waiting car - fantastic !!We pulled up at the hotel, bags were taken away, we were personaly escorted up the the reception on the 2nd floor. The reception staff there explained everything to us and then showed us to our room. Nothing was any trouble. The room was great, the view was great, the service and food was great. What more can you ask for? Oh, yeah - the wife said to say that the towel animals was worth the money on their own !!We are busy saving for our next trip to..................MAS.	
Oct 5 2008 	Great hotel..	We checked into the Mina A' Salaam after staying in a different hotel for the previous couple of days. Check in is very quick and efficent and the drive to the hotel is magnificent.Having been to Dubai twice before I have to say that the Madinat Jumierah is magnificent one of the best hotels I have stayed in throughout the world. The hotel decor is fresh and modern and the staff are friendly and very helpful. The pool for this hotel is very big and if your lucky you might spot a celeb like we did mentioning no names but it was a premiership top4 football player!!The view to the Burj Al Arab is truly breath taking you almost feel that you are staying there it is that close. The private beach of the hotel is wonderful with canopied sun beds and a magnificent view of the sea and hotel. One of the best private stretches of Jumierah Beach.All in all this hotel was amazing and I would always go back for many years to come. The only problem was the sheer size of the hotel we had to walk approx 15minutes along a longggggggg corridor to get to our room which was a little inconvient. However other than this the hotel was amazing...I want to go back just writing this :)	
Oct 3 2008 	Fantastic fantastic	This hotel is one of the best that we have ever experienced - it is stunning - the staff are amazing and so friendly and polite - the housekeeping impeccable...the views top class...the food and on and on - NO FAULTS AT ALL........I have never written that before.	
Oct 2 2008 	Fantastic...	The Mina A'Salam is turly a wonderful place to stay. I would agree with other reviews about the reception staff but only had to deal with them twice (check in and out).The rooms are a good size and the beds are so comfortable that you could sleep all day, not that you would want too!!We would have expected a plasma tv in the room and maybe a dvd player but thats just us being picky!We had a great seaview (upgraded as we had to wait so long for our room on day of arrival).Yes the pool is small but when you have such a great beach the pool is irrelevant.. the other pool in the next resort is much bigger but is also much busier.The service that you get on the beach is fab... plently of waiters and nice touches such as fruit/ice lollies and cold towels!The gym is huge with a indoor pool which we used, if you arrive early you can also use this facilities to get changed before your room is ready.We eat in 3 of the restaurants in the resort, each meal cost approx £80.00 with included a couple of beers.All 3 of the meals were great especially The Wharf (seafood).We also went to the Burj.. this has to be a must during your stay! Wadi World was good fun also!We also went to the Emirates Mall... if you like shopping then you will love this! A taxi was approx £5.. taxis were very cheap!Overall we loved this hotel and Dubai and cant wait to go back.	
Oct 2 2008 	beautiful but didnt win me over	Just back from a 2 week family holiday in dubai. Third time to dubai and first time at this hotel. decided to call it the hotel that says &quot;No&quot;.Cleaniness of rooms, pool, beach etc was perfect but thats really it. We were not allowed go to the ramadam tents as our son was not over 21, their excuse was because of the shisha smoking, strange how this is not a problem on the dune safari or in the jebel ali hotel last year. Found the staff on the reception desk to be arrogant and not helpful, security staff, cleaning staff and door staff were really nice and pleasant, always smiling. the pool staff were abit of a hit and miss, some days they were fine and most days they were moody, very moody.found the selection of restaurants great but we fell in love with The Butcher Shop restaurant in mall of the emirates and we ate there nearly every night. will go back to dubai but not to this hotel, preferred jebel ali or the royal meridan. Dont think this hotel caters for children at all	
Oct 2 2008 	Awesome hotel	The hotel is fantastic. The beach is clean as is the water and the best thing about it are the four poster beds on the beach!With 40+ restaurants and bars between the Mina and is sister hotel you never are stuck for choice.Its worth visiting the Magnolia restaurant at night, best food and service we had during our stay.We stayed in the deluxe room which was large and had a big walkin shower and bath area.Agree that drinks and food are expensive but Dubai is not cheap and you certainly receive the service.We travelled with our 11 month old baby and the hotel kindly sterilised our bottles three times a day :) No need for those nasty tablets.Breakfast was good though we have had better and watch out for the omelettes as they use egg from a carton - I stuck with the fried eggs!You can visit the Burj Al Arab free and the Jumeriah beach but the Jumeriah beach is more like a holiday camp compared to the Mina...	
Oct 2 2008 	absolutely loved this hotel	Just returned from 7 nights Dubai, after an absolutely fantastic stay in the Mina A' Salam.My only slight complaint and it is only very slight was the check in. We arrived at 9.30 in the morning on a very hot day. We were not even offered a drink of water. I know it was Ramadan but there should really have been an enclosed area created so that a weary traveller could at least have a drink of water.We also had to wait a good 10/15 mins for someone at reception to be free to check us in. To be fair there was a room ready for us despite our early arrival, however the room was on the 1st floor and we said we would prefar a room on a higher floor, even if we had to wait. The receptionist seemed a bit put out by this. He did not direct us to any facilities that we could use in the meantime, luckily we knew to expect shower facilites etc so asked were we could go. He pointed to the front door??..... we were a little dissappointed with our check in experience at this point, so went off to ask another member of staff to direct us the facilities we could use.I'm glad to say everything got better from this point. We could use the gym changing rooms to have a shower. These were lovely , plenty of fresh towels, toiletries, bottled water etc.We got a call at 11.50am to say our room was ready. Was shown to our room by Anis who was so friendly and welcoming.Our room had a fantastic view of the Burj which was amazing to look at after dark.The pool area was lovely and clean. A guy was there every morning to welcome us and set up two beds with towels. The pool at the Mina is the smaller pool but was lovely and quite. It was not too packed at this time of year. I'd imagine during busy times it could get a little cramped though. We did go over to the Al'Qasr pool one morning but it was so packed and busy with lots of kids that we hopped straight back on an Abra(water taxi) to the Mina pool.Before going I was a little worried that the temperatures in September might be too hot but not at all, there was a lovely breeze by the beach and heat was completely manageable.We thought the bottled water by the pool was a bit expensive considering the amount you would drink in a day.It was €5 for a large bottle of Madinet Jumeirah water and €7 for a large bottle of Evian.We have been to other 5*resorts that have free bottled water by the pool so expected the same.Our stay was during Ramadan but this had no negative impact on our holiday.Once you were within the grounds of the hotel, there was no problem having drinks by the pool(non alcoholic).There was also plenty of the restaurants open all day for food.Once 7.30 came, alcohol was served everywhere.There are so many fab restaurants for choose from within the resort. Our favourite was MJ's which we eat in it twice,I had the best fillet steak of my life there on my last night.The service in the restaurant was excellent.The only negative we found was that the staff were a bit pushy when it came to trying to get you to order appetizers and champagne cocktails.Even when we gave our order which clearly did not include appetizers , they were making recommendations and trying to push us to order more.(minor issue would still highly recommend MJ's)We eat in Zheng He's which was absolutely beautiful.(1 starter,2 mains, 6 beers and bottle water was about €130) Went upstairs after for cocktails in Bahri Bar which I would also recommend.We also eat in Toscana and Japengo cafe at the souk which were more informal , very nice food and very reasonably priced.We did the Sundowner trip with Arabian Adventures which was excellent.Really good fun and the food was surprisely good with as much wine and beer as you could drink.There is free entry into Wild Wadi which was really good fun for an afternoon. Just hop on a golf buggy and you are whizzed down to an entrance just for hotel guests and your straight in.Madinet Jumeirah guest can go into the Burj at certain times of the day without having to pay in.Ask the concierge particulaly if you are interested in afternoon tea.We went over after dinner one night at about 11.30 to the sky bar for a cocktail.Its definitely worth a look, mind you I've been in nicer bars.We will be back.	
Sep 30 2008 	Fantastic trip	Just returned from another fantastic trip to Dubai. Second time at the Mina and it really is the best hotel in Dubai. The setting is fantastic with the waterways, beachfront and Burj. The pool is small but relaxed and you can always use the bigger pool at the Al Qasr. The food, both quality and variety is excellent if a touch expensive. Have to disagree with the earlier comment about Ramadan impacting on the holiday, the only real restiction is no alcohol before 7.30, its our second time during Ramadan and have not found it a problem. We have never had a problem booking restaurants as there is always somewhere to eat with so many places on site.All the staff are very friendly and try and help with any requests.Great trip, and cant wait to go back	
Sep 29 2008 	Fantastic Over the top	Truly an Arabian palace, The room is luxurious, spacious with a very comfortable bed and linens. The decor is 1001 Arabian nights. View of the beach and the Burj with changing lights is amazing. There are water taxis to take you to the other hotels in the complex and the mall at the hotel. This hotel is a showy luxury property. Complex has a great selection of restaurants. The breakfast was unbelievable, all different chefs making all types of cuisine, food is delicious. A great Arabian experience to have in Dubai.	
Sep 28 2008 	Far from perfection!!!	Having been to Dubai several times and seen the Mina and Madinat complex, we thought it would be a perfect place to stay for four nights for the last leg of our honeymoon.On the surface everything looks very nice, however its in a completely different league to the Grosvenor House. The hotel does not provide the same quality service as the GH. I enquired about up grading in order that we could use the executive Suite, but they qoted me a rediculus price!!! The same suite cost £200 for 2 people for seven days at the GH , where we easily drank our body weight in champagne.We stayed in a deluxe sea view room which was nice and had good views of the palm. A good selection for breakfast with everything from Sushi to a full English to camels milk available, however again the service didnt feel as good as it should be. Its catering for the masses rather than the individual.If you want to stay somewhere with the &quot;wow&quot; factor try the GH, give the Mina a miss. I'd certainly visit the complex again but wouldnt stay at the Mina, it does not deserve to be number 1 on this list!!!!!	
Sep 23 2008 	Superb	My wife and I stayed at the Mina from 8th Sept 08 to 14th Sept. It was our 25th Wedding Anniversary. The hotel, staff, food and weather were magnificent, we had a wonderful time. They were advised it was our 25th and upgraded our room, together with our friends who travelled with us , we had room 300 and 301, great sea view towards the palm and Burj over the waterway. They gave us flowers, fruit and a bottle of champagne in our room on arrival on the 8th and when they realised our anniversary was the 10th they repeated it again!!. Excellent staff who really want to help, great choice of restaurants, we went half board which allowed us to eat within the 3 buffet restaurants in the complex or gave us a credit against other restaurants. Dining ranged from inexpensive italian (Toscana about £15.00 a head including drinks) to very expensive ie £80- £100 a head in the burj. We ate twice in MJs steakhouse which was great and it cost around £30- £40 per head inc drinks (about the same as home). We would prob not do half board again if we are lucky enough to go back again. Rooms are large and well equipped, great bed, large and very comfortable. We did not use the mini bar, we picked up some duty frees on the way in at Dubai duty free and used them which together with the complimentary bottles from the hotel saw us through for early evening drinks, As it was ramadam there was no alcohol during the day anyway , but it was not a problem and in no way had any negative effect on our holiday.Visited Karama market great fun if you want some replica bargains, The Diamond and Gold park for quality rings etc at very good prices. Bar 44 at the Grovesnor House hotel for drinks with a superb view of the palm and Harbour area (on the 44th floor). Also did the Arabian Adventures sundowner tour, which was again excellent, very professional. Also visited Wild Wadi twice, again great fun and the Burl al arab which was interesting but very flash .Used the gym once which like everthing else was great.My only complaint was that we only had one week rather than two!!!. Before we went we were trying to decide between the Mina against the One and Only/Westin/Ritz Carlton etc. WE did not go inside these other hotels but we much prefered the postion of the Mina with an open sea view, the others seemed to be dominated by sky scrapers to the rear and the Palm withongoing building works to the front. I am sure however the hotels would be great. A superb week in a great hotel.	
Sep 23 2008 	Simply the best	From the minute we checked in to the moment we got in the car back to the airport, this was simply the best break in a truly fabulous hotel. All the staff went out of their way to make the guests feel truly welcome. I have absolutely no hesitation in recommending this entire complex and will certainly look to stay there again next year.	
Sep 22 2008 	Not as good a I was expecting	Stayed here for five nights to get some late sunshine after an awful summer and picked it as it was listed on Trip Advisor as the number one hotel in Dubai. Not wowed by it at all which is what I was expecting as Dubai is known for its great hotels as this beeing listed as number one... Still, it was immaculately clean and very comfortable. Had a room overlooking the beach which was large with a great shower and very fast filling deep bath. Room was immaculate. Pool at the Mina was OK but they had squashed in a fair few sunbeds so it felt a little claustrophic. Beach was clean and the water was so warm - more space there. Staff always seemed a little surly - not many smiles especially at reception but everyone uses your name which adds a nice personal touch.Nothing bad to say about it at all- except drinks around the pool and on the beach a little expensive £10 for a coffee and bottle of water- but nothing really blew me away either. Would go back as I like Dubai a lot.	
Sep 22 2008	Ok..	We had high expectations for this hotel and parts of our stay were above average however parts were below average for a 5* hotel. The staff in the Club Executive Lounge were very good and helpful. We found if we spoke to staff in the normal reception/conceriege area unless we mentioned that we were staying in the executive rooms we did not get very prompt or helpful assistance so, we gave up and always used the staff in the Club Lounge. Our only complaint in the Club Lounge was the cocktail hour which in our welcome letter was between 7.30-8.30pm (and other guests agreed with this time) however, the chef and wait staff turned off the lights on the food counter and started removing food at 8pm even thought 16!!!! guests were all in the lounge having drinks. It was brought to their attention that we thought it should go to 8.30pm and people were just arriving so the wait staff turned the light back on however they continued to remove food even though plates were full. It was also Ramadan when we visited, we did understand this would make our stay at bit different however, further information on how much this would affect our stay could have been provided by the staff/hotel in advance. We were encouraged to visit the Ramadan tent but then could not make a booking because there was not 4 of us??? the dress code was not provided - to save confusion and embarrassment more info could be given. We also did not realise their weekend starts on Thursday night in Dubai and we struggled to get into any of the 40 hotels (some of the bars were closed also due to Ramadan). We were told at front reception we should have booked dinner as it was the weekend....how are we to know this? It took my husband to complain before something was done to find us a restaurant to get a meal before 10.30pm - the staff should advise all guests to book their dinner in the morning. The room was lovely, the staff in the day spa are excellent, the abra staff are also lovely, the moroccan restaurant that we finally got into also had great food and very attentive staff. Overall, the club executive lounge is worth it just so you can get service, is it worth the price tag....not at all....we were lucky to have a corporate rate other wise we would have been very disappointed. We will not be returning there are better 5* hotels in the world.	
Sep 22 2008 	Fantastic Hotel	What can i say about Mina A' Salam, this is one of the best hotels i have stayed on my 5th trip to Dubai. It has its charm, luxury and beauty which will take your breath away. The staff are excelent and very wellcoming, rooms are spacious and very high standards and breakfast you cant go wrong so much to eat and choose from that you could easily spend 2hrs having breakfast at your own leisure. Around the hotel as in within the compounds there is so much to do, they have loads of court yards for restaurants, shisha lounge, and even if you just want to relax outside. They have abras which you can take a small ride on it and it takes you to the spa, souk, Al qasar. Food around the pool area is very nice as well. there is a jogging trail if anyone wants to keep fit during the day. I stayed 3 nights and on my day of departure i felt i didnt want to go back and wanted to stay longer.Had a brilliant time.	
Sep 12 2008	Best Hotel in Dubai	This has to be without doubt the best hotel in Dubai...stayed here for 9 nights in June 2008 and this was my second stay here in the same year.The hotel is a huge property which includes dar al masaf and al qasr as well. We stayed in a superior room in mina a salam and had great view of the sea and burj al arab...the hotel has more than 40 restaurents and you dont need to go out of the hotel to try anything..the gym and the swimming pool is very good...they have 2-3 outdoor pools and one indoor pool...the beach facilities are excellent....the water and beach area is clean...the hotel is very close to the wild wadi park and thats a good place to spend a day there...in all a very good hotel...	
Sep 10 2008 	Service Service Service	We recently stayed at the Mina A Salam on the start of our World Trip - what a start. The service was fantastic, the rooms were one of the cleanest we have stayed in. Checkin and checkout was a breeze, welcoming drink on arrival. Breakfast choices were great and service during breakfast was also great.The amenties at the hotel were above our expectations - you really could stay here without leaving the hotel complex at all - many restaurants to choose from.	
Sep 8 2008 	Fantastic - what more can I say	My husband, Son, Sister and her family (8 of us in total) have just got back from a week's holiday in Dubai staying at the Mina A Salam. Nobody could have prepared us for the opulence of the setting and after the horrible weather we have had in good old Blighty the welcome heat and sunshine of Dubai was just what we wanted.After a 7 hour flight from Heathrow, we arrived early on Saturday morning 30th August and were greeted by very pleasant reception staff and glasses of cool drinks. We were shown to our rooms when they were ready and I can only describe them as luxurious. The beds were enormous and those pillows... we had no trouble sleeping. Bath Robes and Slippers were provided and each evening at turn down service we were greeted by either a towel origami animal or a small gift. The bathroom had two sinks, a bath and walk in shower. Our rooms were made up with clean linen and towels every day. My husband and I stayed in room 342 which overlooked the Burj which was lit up each evening. My son and Sister and family were in rooms 327, 333 and 337 which had views of the MS complex and overlooked the waterway (very pretty at night).The complex was beautiful and we had to take &quot;Abras&quot; (water taxis) to whatever destination we required such as the pool or restaurants etc. Each day at the pool we were offered free ice lollys, and cold face cloths with Evian spray - this was most pleasant as the scorching sun was very hot.Our board basis was bed and breakfast and the buffet breakfast had everything you could wish for. I was worried about putting on a few extra pounds but fortunately that didn't happen. (It must have been all that swimming!).We were sllightly worried about how Ramadan would affect us and all I can say is that it didn't. We still managed to shop til we dropped as most shops opened in the morning until lunchtime and then again after sun down. As for eating and drinking, we managed to fill up at breakfast and really didn't require anything more until the evening anyway. So if you have any reservations about Ramadan - you don't need to worry. Just respect their religion by dressing and acting appropriately and you will enjoy all.We ate at the hotel one evening and spent the rest of the time trying out various other restaurants. I would totally recommend MJ's - a wonderful steak house within the complex where you were offered a selection of steak knives to choose from! The steaks were cooked to perfection. We also tried the Italian - Agretto's which was equally as good. Spent an evening at the Gold Souk - watch out for fake watch sellers. It is illegal to buy fake products in Dubai.Spent another evening on the Sand Dunes in jeeps ending up in the desert having a buffet and watching the final belly dance before Ramadan. Although this trip is still offered during Ramadan, they do not have music or belly dancing.The only mix up we had during our stay was our planned visit to the Burj Al Arab. We had planned to go late one evening but our Buggy driver said that we couldn't get in and said we would have no problem if we went the following afternoon. However we tried the following day but only got as far as the security gate and were turned back again as it was a Friday and they were too busy to allow a tour. We were very disappointed and went back to our hotel reception to complain. The Manager took no time at all in contacting the Burj and within 15 minutes a car had arrived to whisk us off for a grand tour. All I can say is wow! It has to be seen to be believed. There are no rooms - only duplex apartments which are luxuriously decorated and have every imaginable facility you could require.Our week at the MS went too quickly and we would have no hesitation in returning to this wonderful place where you can relax, unwind and get a great tan.	
Sep 5 2008 	Top Draw	This is by far the best in the WORLD, within the complex u have over 40 restuarant	
Aug 30 2008 	The most amazing holiday ever!!!!	My husband and I are just back from 11 amazing nights in the fabulous Mina A Salam. From the time we arrived in to the welcoming staff in the reception to be shown up to our room. The staff is the friendliest polite and mannerly staff I have ever seen and dealt with.Breakfast in the morning you can not think of anything they have left out you have every cereal, bread, cakes, sushi &amp; juices you wish to have.The choice of restaurants are brilliant highly recommend Meat Company, the only thing is you may wait for 30 minutes to an hour for a table not just in this restaurant but they are all worth the wait, also try MJ’s a bit more expensive but also worth the money. A bottle of wine can be expensive at dinner time bottle of wine could cost from €40.00 to €80.00.The taxi boats around the resort (free) and the golf buggies are brilliant as the resort is huge, and it is so hot at night time it is so lovely to go on the boat around to dinner it is just so romantic.Just few little things, girls don’t bring a hair dryer as there is a great one in the room, cotton buds, cotton wool, you even get a good nail file in your bathroom. Bottle of water is left free on you bed side locker every night and fresh fruit every day, men you even have a choice of what news papers you would like at your door in the morning (charge for this).Don’t bring beach towels as you get towels at the pool, beach and the Wild Wady parkI booked our holiday in January and had read so much great comments on trip advisor I could not wait to get there and all I can say is it is worth every penny and it was the most amazing , luxury, relaxing, romantic holiday and we can not wait to go again next year.	
Aug 30 2008 	It was just OK	We had very high expectations about the Mina Salam prior to going due to reports from friends and colleagues. However, all was not as perfect as was expected.What I am about to list is a fact and we have since been contacted by the General Manager where a room upgrade has been offered for our next visit. We will not be visiting again.Aug 15 - We arrived early in the morning and they informed us the hotel was at full capacity and therefore we would have to wait for a room, we waited 3 hours in the Executive Lounge. This day was our anniversary and the hotel informed us that they knew about this and that they were going to &quot;do something for us&quot;. Now, we did not expect anything but the fact that this was said and nothing was done for 2 days was a problem for us.We understood we had to wait for a room until somebody else had checked out, but we were later in that day we were informed by a member of staff that the hotel was practically empty and that if it were full, the Executive Lounge where we were would have contained more than 6 people at any one time. The lounge looked like it could accommodate up to about 40 people if you count the outside space, however there were no more than 6 people every time we visited. Despite this, the service was extremley slow and somewhat disorganised.On our first morning at breakfast I was served two dirty egg cups, after bringing this to their attention they apologised and said they would let the kitchen staff know. The very next morning the exact same thing happened again. I told them I really would appreciate receiving clean egg cups and would not like to see yolk staines from previous guests. They once again apologised.The Executive Lounge really was not worth the extra money. The nibblies consisted of frozen spring rolls and samosas.. cooked of course but albeit from a freezer. On one occassion the kitchen made bruchetters but only 12 of them, the chef visited the display to see what needed to be replenished and sighed when noticed the bruchetters were finished and rather than replace them, he took the plate away, turned the sign away and proceded to reposition sandwiches with his hands. When I asked him if he would be bringing more out, he replied, &quot;no, eat something else everything else is nice&quot;. I just saw this a laziness and not to mention unhygenic.Beach - Forget trying to get service on this beach without handing over money. Although the beach is beautifully clean, you have to wait for service because there are only ever 2 people at any one time serving. In 43 degree heat it's kind of important to drink water but on each occasion we had to wait at least 30 mins before we were able to get the attention of one of the beach staff, after ordering we would have to wait a further 15 mins before the water would turn up. We noticed, those that tipped received the service without even asking for it. For us this is not the behaviour of a 5 star hotel. This is not our first time to Dubai and I have to say the Mina Salam could learn a thing or two from the Hilton Jumeriah Beach Hotel. Although this too is 5 star, they seemed to pay more attention to detail.Room Service - On many occasions what we ordered was not what turned up. Although mistakes were quickly rectified, this was still unacceptable.Our Anniversary - 2 days after our anniversary, they remembered and placed a bottle of Processco in our room. Overall the trip was good but in no way outstanding. We told the General Manager we would not be returning to the Mina Salam for the above reasons and that there is much improvement to be made.	
Aug 30 2008 	Fabulous Hotel	We stayed at this hotel for a long weekend in June. It was fabulous full stop. We were upgraded to a room with a gorgeous veiw of the Burj. We were also given free entry to Wild Wadi Water Park which was a hit with the children and the parents alike. As hotel guests you also get early entry to the park which is a great bonus. We enjoyed the fact that there were restaurants to choose from at Mina A'Salam and its sister property Al Qasr but also in the souq part of the complex. The kids club was great and well run by the staff. We would stay here again without hesitation. Nothing was too much trouble for the staff.	
Aug 29 2008 	wow!	We have been back a month now and wish we were back.So much so we have already booked to go back next year. Yes it is expensive but worth every single penny. The staff are very friendly and helpful. We went to the cocktail reception that the hotel invited us to only to be served glass after glass of Moet Chandon and delicious chinese canapes.During the day you are waited on hand and foot from the fruit kebabs and ice lollies to cool towels and face spray. The pool side food and drink service is excellent. No need to carry money just charge to your room, it does make it a lot easier.The food is excellent and we enjoyed the Noodle House which has a fast turn around, saying that you are no way made to rush.The hotel has a courtesy bus to the Mall of the Emirates and the gold and diamond park we used the bus quite a lot. The Mall is huge and I don't think we have covered it all yet, save it for when we go back.The bed in the room is huge and so comfortable. The hotel is spotless and I am sure they must clean 24 hours a day.I would reccommend this hotel to everyone I can not find one single fault with it, the only down side is leaving to come home, by far the best holiday we've had.	
Aug 22 2008 	Breathtaking Hotel - Felt Like Royalty	As you arrive at the hotel and drive up through the securtiy gate past the palm trees a greenery you are amazed you pull up in front of the hotel and you are blown away with the beauty.As your transport stops your doors are opened for you and you are greeted with welcome wishes and smiles from all the staff. Your bags and luggage are taken from you unless you would like to keep hold of anything and they are stored by the concierge until you room is ready.More greetings from the girls in the lobby as we enter. We are shown to receiption to check in and given cold towels to freshen up and Date Juice which is an aquired taste.Our rooms were not ready so we were given a voucher to access the Quay Health Club where there are showers etc. We are also given a voucher for us all to have complimentary soft drinks which I thought was a nice touch.We had book 2 interconnecting delux rooms but think we ended up with Ocean view rooms. The rooms are out of this worlk total luxury the biggest bed you have ever seen, lots of floor space, a sitting area, balcony, dressing area and a huge bathroom, When you have interconnecting rooms you have a double door which leads from the main corridor into a small lobby/reception room which has the two doors for the rooms side by side. It was great having the extra space at the door aswell our youngest uses a buggy so we were able to leave it in the lobby instead of cluttering up the rooms. Our balcony's overlooked the waterways it was a stunning view and we were on the 4th floor, room 427 and 429. We could also see the beach and sea and looked out over to the palms. During the evening everything is lit up you could sit and watch the abras going around for ages it was so relaxing.The rooms are services 2 everyday, during the morning when they do the usual tidy around, make the beds etc. then again in the evening for a turndown service when towel animals are left on your bed with small presents such as lipbalm, chocolates etc, They also lay out your slippers by your bed and put the lights on dim and play some soft arabic music through the tv which I thought was a nice touch. You are given fresh fruit in your room every second day. We actually had to ask for the fruit as we had been there for two days and still hadn't seen any but as soon as we phoned reception about it we were sent an apology and a bowl of fruit within 10 minutes.All the staff wherever you go in the hotel or complex are extremely nice and helpful they really do treat you like royalty and make you feel so special.The abras and the Golf buggys are a fantastic service you never have to wait more than a few minutes for either of them. Security is very tight so you often have to tell them your room number or show your room key.The Mina pool has amazing views of the Burj it is the smaller pool with jacuzzis within it at each end. It was always very quiet and relaxing when we were there. The AlQsar pool is much bigger but still nice. Sinbads kids club by AlQsar pool was good for the kids. We also had free access to Wild Wadi which was a huge bonus for us with 3 kids.There are multiple restaurants within the complex and next door at JBH which is only a buggy ride away. We ate at various and never had one bad meal. We also ate at the Madinat Souq which is another big plus to the resort. It has various restaurants, shops, Nail bar, Coffee shops etc. everything you would want just on your doorstep.On checkout our luggage was collected by the porter and taken down to the concierge store until we were ready to leave the hotel.I would recommend this hotel to everyone we had 3 kids with us and would go back in a minute, yes it is expensive but I felt it was worth every penny.Here is a list of my trip reports that I posted on the Dubai Forum there is much more information regarding the hotel in them.Happy reading and I hope you like the photos.http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g295424-i872-k2178624-Where_do_I_start_At_the_Beginning_Trip_Report_1-Dubai.htmlhttp://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g295424-i872-k2179182-Trip_Report_Arrival_at_Mina_Part_2-Dubai.htmlhttp://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g295424-i872-k2181474-Missed_a_bit_yesterday_Part_3-Dubai.htmlhttp://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g295424-i872-k2182002-l13503162-Friday_Brunch_MAS_Part_4-Dubai.htmlhttp://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g295424-i872-k2182973-Al_Karama_Part_5-Dubai.htmlhttp://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g295424-i872-k2184102-2nd_Visit_to_Al_Karama_Part_6-Dubai.htmlhttp://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g295424-i872-k2185422-Oh_my_goodness_part_7_and_still_a_bit_to_go-Dubai.htmlhttp://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g295424-i872-k2187381-Dolphinarium_Part_8_I_thinkstarting_to_loose_count_now-Dubai.htmlhttp://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g295424-i872-k2194480-Sad_Day_Checking_out_of_MAS_Part_9-Dubai.htmlhttp://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g295424-i872-k2194997-Shopping_in_Abu_Dhabi_Trip_Report_Part_10-Dubai.htmlhttp://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g295424-i872-k2201999-LuLu_Island_trip_Report_Part_11-Dubai.htmlhttp://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g295424-i872-k2203273-The_Final_Episode_Trip_report_12-Dubai.html	
Aug 17 2008 	Dont stay anywhere else !!	Heading to Dubai? Don't bother looking around for a hotel. The Mina A Salam is the hotel you want. Arriving at the hotel, driving up the sweeping driveway I knew immediately we had made the right decision.After our long flight we were greeted with a cold towel and a nice refreshing drink while checking in. Staff was very pleasant and efficient. We initially checked into an Arabian deluxe room but changed the next day to an Ocean deluxe. Both rooms are the very same but the views are different so it would be a matter of personal taste. The ocean deluxe rooms all have uninterrupted views of the ocean and every night the sun sets straight in front of your balcony. The room was an excellent standard. Exceptionally comfortable bed, everyone must agree as they have started selling their linen and pillows. The room is very large with a huge bathroom and both tastefully decorated. There is also a huge balcony where you can sit out in the evening (if its not too hot) and enjoy the view from the Palm Island to your left to the Burj Al Arab to the right. The mini bay is quiet possibly the best stocked bar I have ever seen with snacks to drinks to camera's to hand held fans to sun block. Evenything you need. On your first evening there you should go down take a complementary Abra and ask for a tour of the resort, they will tell you everything about the resort and recommend restaurants etc. Once you have enjoyed meandering around the twisting waterways you're well set up for an enjoyable stay.You have more restaurants than you can shake a stick it with every type of cuisine you could want. I would recommend MJ's steakhouse, There are bars, nightclubs and a Souk. I found it very difficult to come up with a reason to leave the resort and in fact I didn’t bother leaving it much at all.There are several pools of good standard and a private beach. The beach is was the nicest part of Jumeriah, the Jumeriah Beach hotel and the Burj Al Arab had nowhere near as nice a stretch. The loungers on the beach are very comfortable and the servers will make sure you're never short of a drink or something to eat. Including complementary ice-lollies, watermelon, cold towels and Evian spitzer sprayed onto your face to keep you cool. World-class service from very nice staff. I can go on all day about this hotel but to be honest you should just stay here and then you'll understand. By the way, I visited the Burj Al Arab during my stay, as impressive at it is I glad I stayed in the Mina.	
Aug 15 2008 	Excellent	We went to Duabi for a long weekend and booked the flights and hotel 4 hours before we took off. We knew nothing about Mina al Salam and only really booked it because there was avaialabilty.It was superb from start to finish. We were collected by a car and were treated very well, despite looking terrible having just got off the overnight flight. We unwittingly upgraded ourselves to the executive room which gives you complimentary airport transfers, dedicated check in desk and a drinks reception every evening with unlimited champagne and canapes. The beach was nice, with staff regularly coming round with cucumbers for the eyes and cold face towels, which I thought was a nice touch. Service was absolutely spot on. The water taxis were quirky but amazingly efficient. The various poolside bars and restaurants were very good. To be honest, it was a superb weekend and would absolutely recommend both Dubai and Mina-al-Salam to anyone.	
Aug 11 2008 	Loving Madinat :-)	A FANTASTIC 4 nights in Dubai (on our way back from 9 in the Maldives).This was our second Dubai visit (last night we had a result after booking JBH we got a free upgrade to the Beit Al Bahar villas!!). This time we went for Mina &amp; whilst had no 'upgrade luck' we did have a great time. What more could you want :-1. Great hotel with views of the Burj, we were in rooms 143 &amp; 141.2. 'Free' access to Wild Wadi 1 hour before the doors open to the public.3. Plenty of sun &amp; great pools @ Mina &amp; Al Qasr - cold towels/ice lollies/fruit skewers etc etc.4. Top quality restaurants - MJ's Steakhouse, Zheng Hes &amp; Toscana all get an honourable mention.5. Abras to take you around &amp; plenty to do/see at Madinat.6. Wall to wall shopping to keep the ladies smiling.7. Desert safaris to enjoy!If you are in doubt, take the plunge &amp; book it you will NOT regret it!We will be back!!	
Aug 5 2008 	Amazing first Family Holiday with Class!!!!!	We booked our long deserved holiday in June this year. We have visited Dubai before and stayed at the Bab Al Sham resort. Our experience was so great that we wanted to take our kids along. This time we booked the Mina A Salam as reviews were great and the hotel looked as through it had lots of character. The staff were very helpful, hotel and bedrooms were very clean. We felt the kids were safe and were well looked after around the resort.Great varied breakfast in a choice of two restaurantsWe would definately go back!!!	
Jul 23 2008 	The Ultimate Hotel	This is an exceptional hotel and complex and one of the best places to stay at Jumeriah Beach and we have stayed at a few over the years. This is truely a superior class hotel with exceptional staff who are friendly and attentive - nothing is a problem!! You have a choice of pools and the beach and at anytime you can get beds by the pool/beach of your choice. The Madinat Souk (adjoined to the hotel) has an abundance of restaurants and shops and all at reasonable prices (similar to UK) and is accessible by foot or Abra (water boat). If you want absolute luxury and a fantastic holiday in Dubai then this is the place to go. The ultimate taste of Arabia!!!	
Jul 21 2008 	Stunning !	This hotel is amazing! When we arrived the people at the desk couldnt find my parent's name in their system but this lady at the desk(cant remember her name but would like to give her a mention) was brilliant ! She wouldn't give up and eventually found our booking in my Mum's name not my Dad's, so the service was great ! When we got our room we were very surprised to find we had to go to a building and take a boat trip to our villa which was in the middle of this lake.. There were about four rooms in each villa. Inside the room we had a television, a wardrobe and 2 double beds. The bathroom was the BEST part ! It had a huge bath with a jacuzzi and a shower that squirts water from all angles and it was all made from marble and it was HUGE, they also left us a whole basket full of free goodies like chocolate,shampoo,conditioner,showercaps and loads of other stuff. The food was typical for a hotel of this standard.. very very very very good !! The pool is the biggest one I think I have ever seen, its clean and warm and really nice to swim in ! ! ! We couldn't enjoy the sea because it was too rough but it looked gorgeous. Also, becasue the hotel was so big they had staff to take you around the hotel in little golf buggies which was a pleasant surprise. The shops were very interesting as well , you can find some nice bargains in them. And the view is also beutiful. There isn't really much more to talk about. Only to say that this hotel is a must go !	
Jul 16 2008 	Beautiful Hotel Ok service	We stayed at this hotel for our delayed honeymoon, I have to say it really is a stunning hotel. When we booked it we had a confirmation that our room looked out to the Burj al Arab hotel. Upon check-in we mentioned this and the lady just smiled and didn’t say much, our room was a very nice spacious, well presented with everything I requested i.e. chocolates e.t.c however when we went onto the balcony we had a great view of the jumeriah beach hotel but we had a big extruding support blocking our view of the Bruj Al Arab hotel.I went back down and explained this to the lady who was ‘specially’ there to make sure we had a comfortable stay as I paid extra for some special requests however she made us wait in the lobby for 45 minutes before returning and telling us that there are no other rooms available and if we wanted to change we would have to pay extra for the ocean view.The following day we just got speaking to a room maid and she said there was a room that was empty and she will check with her manager to arrange for us to be moved there, we went down to tell the check-in staff this again they were adamant there was no room, after 20 minutes and a manager we were moved to the room. We spent 3 nights in the hotel. I very much like the hotel and all the staff except the ones we encountered at check-in. The rooms, showers are excellent. The breakfast is a must.	
Jul 15 2008 	AMAZING	We stayed here for the first 5 nights of our honeymoon and were absolutely blown away by the place. The architecture, the food, the friendliness of the staff, the room, the cleanliness (everywhere is spotless), the setting... wow. All future hotels will be compared to this one! We're already looking at going back.	
Jul 11 2008 	Absolutely Amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Well my husband and I have just returned from Mina A Salam – and what can I say – it was amazing!!!!!! The entrance and foyer of the hotel is fantastic. With the middle east style pushed to the limit, with gorgeous marble and luxurious furnishings. The staffs welcome with cold face towels and juice was much appreciated.Our room was gorgeous – large and spacious with a balcony at the side of the hotel looking toward the Burj/Wild Wadi water park/Jumeriah Beach Hotel and part of Dubai. The bed was large and very very comfortable. The décor and colour scheme were very Arabian (blues/golds and lots of dark chunky exquisite furniture. Bathroom was large again with Arabian themed tiles etc. And something that amused us every night when we came back to our room – they made a different animal shape from our new clean towels.The staff were just fantastic – from reception to concierge, beach staff to buggy drivers, Abra captains to cleaners – all were just wonderful. They greeted you with such politeness and eagerness to help, it really puts customer service in our own country to shame.This hotel and its 3,000 staff and all that they offer really made the experience to Dubai so much more special for us. The experience of the Abras (little water taxis) made going for dinner to the Souk that little bit more exciting.The buggies taking you to either Al Qasr pool, Wild Wadi water park or even the Burj – was just fantastic.The cold face clothes, lolly pops, slices of melon and even cold slices of cucumber for your eyes made lying in the heat fun – we were waiting to see what was coming next.The beach with its gorgeous sand and clear (warm) sea.The choice of restaurants to choose from – just brilliant!Breakfast was outstanding, the amount, variety and quality of food was fantastic.(&amp; personally for me, the fact that there are no mosquitos was great as I usually get eaten alive).MAS was everything and more that we wanted from our experience in Dubai.Be prepared though for the heat – we were there at the beginning of July and we found it getting hotter and hotter each day, high 30s early 40s. The staff were warning us that in August it is extremely hot. However, as I mentioned above, they do help to make the heat more bearable. Also it being the hottest time of the year to go – it did actually make it the quietest time in the resort = which was lovely too.A few restaurants we would recommend are: MJs Steakhouse, Arabian Times &amp; Pisces – but be warned, they are expensive = but amazing. The best lunch time snack restaurant is the tented poolside area at Al Qasr. But we felt the best restaurant, both for quality of food and cost was the Noodle House in the souk – it was fantastic.Also my husband, being 32 LOVED Wild Wadi water park – it is great for kids of all ages!!!!! And as a resident of MAS, you get in free!!!If you’re thinking about booking this hotel – don’t hesitate for one more second.Go on = book it now!!!!!!	
Jul 9 2008 	Holiday of a lifetime!!!	This hotel is AMAZING! The entrance and reception area is gorgeous. We stayed in a standard room which was fantastic, we had a full view of the Burj Al Arab, it was very spacious, the bathroom was fantastic and the bed huge! The staff came in every day to tidy and make the beds, they left a bottle of water and bowl of fresh fruit each day. They also left things on our pillow like massage oil and chocolate! there are golf buggys and gondalo boats to take you between hotels and the souk.The pool was ok but in the heat was unbearable, we spent all our time on the beach where there was a slight breeze. The beach was something else! The staff set up your beds with a mattress and towels, they brought you fruit on sticks, ice lollys, cold towels etc through out the day!The Souk next door was fantastic, i would recommend the noodle house, we went 4 times! you often have to wait half an hour for a table but definatly worth it! We also went to the German restaurant in the Jumerah Beach hotel, that was also amazing. To cool off we got smoothys from the juice bar, they were gorgeous - try the brownie one!We went to the Wild WADI water park a couple of times (entrys free with staying at the hotel), i would suggest you go early evening as it is very busy during the day!There is a free bus from the hotel to the Mall of Emirates it departs every hour and returns every hour - definatly worth at least one visit! You can buy every designer brand possible and it is extremly cheap!All in all a holiday of a lifetime!	
Jul 6 2008 	BEST hotel I've ever stayed in!	This is the best hotel I've ever stayed in! Funnily enough we ended up in this hotel by mistake, as we booked on lastminute.com into the Jumeirah Beach Hotel for an Executive Room, but when we (luckily!) rang from Sydney to check all was OK before getting on a flight, they said we were not booked into that one, but the Mina A Salam, which is run by the same Jumeirah Beach Complex. We were a bit disappointed... until....... we arrived at Dubai and there was a man waiting at the DOOR or the PLANE to escort us through customs and get our bags for us. Then we were driven in his Mercedes to the hotel, and taken up to a dedicated Executive check in lounge. Our room was not quite ready (it WAS 7am!!), but in the lounge they gave us breakfast, and towels so we could shower. We got to our room after not too long, which was stunning, large and beautifully decorated, with a balcony overlooking the pool and the sea. Beautiful bathroom too with lots of complimentary toiletries. We went straight out to the pool, which was gorgeous, and overlooked the famous Burj al Arab. THe staff were so friendly and helpful, bringing around fresh fruit and snacks for free. We could go back to the lounge for afternoon tea, evening cocktails, and all of our meals. There is a lake which links the other Jumeirah hotels, and leads to the Souk and gym, and is a nice trip by little boat around the resort. This is the perfect way to ensure you get over your jetlag from Australia, as we arrived at 7am, lay by the pool dozing all day, had an early night, relaxed the next day and by that evening we felt fine. There are masses of restaurants around the resort serving ANYTHING you could possibly want. I can't recommend this hotel enough.	
Jul 1 2008 	Superb	As good as everyone here says, simply a stunning resort. The Ocean Deluxe Room in which we stayed was well appointed and spacious with a great ocean view from the balcony. The service is prompt, polite and genuine - they really care about the quality of the service.Dining on the resort and in the Souk is varied, both in cuisine and in price range and you will find something you like.The beach is well kept and not too packed with loungers, drinks and food service on the beach is efficient.The pool is a bit small, but a short abra (boat) ride takes you to the superior Al Qasr pool, which you are free to use (you have the run of the resort regardless of which hotel you stay in).FInally, the kids are well catered for with a decent kids club with a fun splash pool with slide, and complimentary access to Wild Wadi next door is thrown in, so they will be more than happy with that.Just go, it's great, you will love it.	
Jun 23 2008 	Our 1st weddding anniversary couldn't be spent in a better place	My husband decided to surprise me and take me away for our 1st wedding anniversary so he took me to Dubai and booked an executive suite at Mina A Salam.When I saw the hotel I thought it was absolutely beautiful but when I got to the suite I was amazed. It was very spacious, clean, stylish and very comfortable.The view from our room was stunning.The staff was very friendly and useful.I had a great time and we will definitely go back there. Well, if I had the money I would go back there even today. ;0)I definitely recommend this hotel.''Simply the best'' I mean both the hotel and my husband of course.	
Jun 17 2008 	Different class!	My wife and I are just back after spending 5 nights here at the end of our honeymoon. So glad it was the last leg of our trip as anywhere else after this would have been a disappointment. Service is amazing and the choice of amenities, i.e., restaurants/bars/pools/beach/Souk and complimentary access to Wild Wadi meant we didn't even leave the complex (Madinat Jumeirah, incorporating Al Qasr and Souk also) for the first three days. In fact you could happily spend your entire holiday within the resort.Food was amazing - recommend Al Hambra Spanish restaurant (great food/live music), Zheng He's Chinese and MJ's steakhouse (try the Wyagu fillet steak - pricey but worth every cent).Some decent bars too, with a great selection of cocktails and/or beers. Can be a little pricey but not much more than what we're used to paying back home and when you consider the service &amp; quality of what you get it actually represents good value.The water-taixs that ferry you around to the different places in the resort are a lovely touch and not to be missed, in fact it seems many tourists visit the resort just to experience this. Reminded me of the Venetian in Vegas only on a grander scale and without the tack.The great thing about the whole place is that although 5-star if never feels stuffy/pretentious, while maintaining impeccable standards.Only fault was that after arriving in the early hours we were kept waiting for our room for 6 hours, but there are plenty of places to relax/shower while you're waiting.All in all, a perfect end to our honeymoon and we will DEFINITELY be returning!	
Jun 17 2008 	Another fabulous stay at the Mina a salam	My husband, 2 year old daughter and I have just come back from a 10 night stay at the Mina a salam. This is our 2nd stay here and we were once again not disappointed. We were at the Mina last September (07) and loved it so much we just had to go back!On arrival we were upgraded to an ocean view room and there was a basket of goodies waiting for my daughter which was a fantastic touch. The pool and beaches were fantastic and the complimentary Wild Wadi access was a good bonus. Free Ice Lollies and fruit kebabs were provided at the poolside and there were never any shortages of sun longers dsepite the hotels in the complex being fully booked.Our daughter was constantly fussed over by the staff who even took her to feed the fish and turtles whilst we had our breakfast! would definately reccomend this hotel to parents travelling with young children. We tried Shimmers restaurant and the Meat Co and they were both really good.Would reccomend the nail bar in the Madinat Souk to the ladies - their manicures and pedicures are very well priced. My daughter was given complimentary nail painting and loved it!We will definately be going back again next year!	
Jun 13 2008 	omg jus wow wow wow	omg thats all i can say.. when we arrived at the mina. we found out they up graded me and my bf 2 the hotel al qaser. which is the other hotel in the complex..when we arrived at that hotel by a mercedes it was jus wow woow wow wow. it was jus so clean and big. and very modern then the concerige tuk our suitcases up 2 our roomswhen we arrived at our room we was both gobsmaked cause we have never saw a room and bed so big. plus since it was our anniversary they gave us a bottle of wine . a vase full of roses and choclates.. so we got tuked in2 thosethere was also free complentary free gifts all over the place which was coolwe had a veiw of the water ways which you ould get around on water taxi's, which was nice and comfortable. plus there was also golf buggies to take ya 2 the beach and the reat of the jumeraih hotel complexs. also the burg. the souk was amazing also. loads of shops and restaurants. bit pricy all depends what u r after 2 eat. the pool in the mina is smaller but it has got a jacuzzi. which was brilliant. the pool at the al qaser was far bigger ( but busier). both pools wasnt even frezzing either....an amazing holiday i would deffo go back	
Jun 8 2008 	FANTASTIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	Absolutely mindblowing!My wife and I stayed at this magnificent hotel on the first stage of our honeymoon.We booked through Destinology (ok-but mixed up our board bookings!),and on arrival got whisked through customs to our awaiting Mercedes (would have preferred the Audi).On arrival at Mina A Salam,we were greeted by the club executive staff and despite our very early arrival only had to wait half an hour for our Club Executive Suite.The room was huge,with fantastic views of the Burj.It had nearly everything you could want,and the bathroom was a room in itself, and was spotlessly clean. Breakfast was lovely and housed in the club exec lounge with free internet access. The choice of restaurants is fantastic with over 30 within the Madinat Jumeirah resort,i recommend the steak house and the Zheng He's the chinese restaurant.The only let down was only staying 3nights and also the small swimming pool. it is slightly on the expensive side too, but let me assure you its worth every penny! The staff were also extremely attentive and remembered your name.We cant wait to go back!!!!!!!	
Jun 8 2008 	You will not be disappointed!.	This hotel lived up to all the trip reports that we had read previously. We have stayed in some nice hotels around the world but have never before experineced such luxury. The hotel is very sylishly designed around traditional arabian architecture - lots of solid wood and marble. From the moment that you turn into the impressive driveway this hotel has got the 'wow' factor. If you are into your cars you will be blown away by the line of ferraris, lamborginis, hummers and more parked outside every evening. Check-in was effortless aided by hot towels to refresh and a glass of bubbly. Our room -'basic'deluxe balcony - was enormous and again very stylish. We had requested a burg al arab view which we got. The bed must have been 10 foot wide with top quality bed linen and goose down pillows, mattress topper and quilt. - extreme comfort The bathroom was huge - double sink with ultra deep bath, separate toilet and bidet and a walk in rain shower which easily could have taken 4 of us! Somenice finishing touches - top quality toiletries replaced everyday, slipper, fresh water, fresh fruit and a complimentary local newspaper which makes interesting readying - note the lack of crime!!!! The hotel is set on a wonderful beach and so safe - lifeguards every few hundred yards. The infiinity pool was wonderful too - again the personal touches like having your towels laid out on the very very comfortable sunbeds, icelollies, fresh fruit. If you order water (which comes at an added cost) it comes in a wooden bucket with an abundance of ice.The grounds of the hotel are amazing - immaculately maintained. The site is shared by another hotel and summer villas and is connected by 3.5 kilometers of waterways - you are transported around the waterways by abra (arabrian boat like a mini-gondola). Golf buggies are availabe to take you to other facilities and to the other Jameirah hotels and the Wild Wadi Water Park.There are an abundance of restaraunts within both hotels and the Madinat Souk (part of same complex). But be warnedthey can be pricy. we ate at the Noodle House one night which was very reasonable - probably why it was so popular. But on another night ate at MJ's Steak House - very nice but at almost £70 for one steak it needed to be. We were on bed and breakfast board and ate every morning in the Al Muna restaurant - food was first class - nothing to complain about what so ever - as with everything else the standards were amazing from the quality and choice of the food, to the cleanliness, to the attention to detail from the staff. We were so impressed that we booked our last evening meal there and wished that with hindsight we had booked half board and eaten there every evening.the guests at the hotel were multi national including local arabs on there holidays which to us is always a good sign.Overall we would thoroughly recommend this hotel and, although generally we don't like to go to the same place twice, would definately consider going back there again.	
Jun 2 2008 	Really can't fault it!	My husband &amp; I &amp; our 5 year old son have returned from this hotel today &amp; I couldn't wait to write a review, we loved it so much!The hotel &amp; the setting is superb (you never quite get over seeing the Burj al Arab so close from your balcony or the pool &amp; the gardens etc) &amp; the staff were oh so helpful.Like one of the other reviewers, we arrived at 8am expecting to be told we had to wait for our room for a few hours, but no, we were taken straight there.One other brilliant surprise for us was discovering the Wild Wadi was free to all Jumeirah guests, this saved us approx £70.00 a day.It is brilliant for kids (&amp; big kids like me!) but knowing we could go every day for just a couple of hours, without it costing us a penny, was excellent.Despite the heat, we all loved this holiday, so much so we are a little bit disappointed we have already booked our next holiday to Thailand in November, as we all want to go back to the Mina A Salam instead.	
May 3 2008 	Best Hotel	What an experience. Perfect place - an absolute palace. The rooms were exceptional in decoration, furniture, views, amenities etc.The breakfast was the best experience for a hotel breakfast.The resort was amazing in terms of the resturaunt selection pools etc. Great Place - not to be missed.	
May 2 2008 	Great Hotel/Resort	I have just returned from a week's long stay at the Mina A Salam and in summary I rate the place as fantastic.I travelled with my family (wife plus two kids aged 4 and 1) and we arrived at the hotel just after 8:00AM. Usually rooms are not available until after 2:00PM but we were allowed into our room early as we were with children, nice touch I thought. The room was spacious and always kept clean. The beach area was not overcrowded and there were always staff on hand to get you whatever you needed. The complex is beautiful with over 3km of waterways joining the two other hotels, souk and villas together. There are boats that will ferry you from one place to the next. It is worth taking a tour of the grounds on one of these boats. The kids club at Al Qsar is great. My four year old absolutely loved the pool here and it was a battle to get her to leave on some occasions! Anyone staying at the Midinat Jumeriah resort can use this facility. The souk is full of places to eat if you fancy a change from the fare served up at the hotel. Be warn though that eating anywhere on the resort is not cheap; you get better value for money if you eat elsewhere, like in town. We also visited the Wild Wadi Waterpark for which you can get discounted entry if you book at the hotel's front desk. You also get a buggy that will ferry you there and back if necessary. All the staff at the hotel and wider resort were welcoming, very friendly and always helpful. I would recommend this place to anyone with travelling with young children as there is plenty to do to keep them occupied. To conclude I would say beautiful hotel, friendly helpful staff, clean, and as active or inactive a place as you want to make it.	
Apr 30 2008 	5 Star Holiday	Just returned from our 1st trip to Dubai staying at the Mina A Salam and cannot give it enough praiseWe were upgared to a creek/sea view room(140) whic was a tad far from the lifts but other than t/pihan we could not fault a thingThe room was stunning and spacious with huge bathroom and imamculate. We were taken to the room by a concierge greeter who explained the resort to us and that we had acees to all the hotels including certain times at the Burj !!!!!!!!!!!We used the Mina's smaller pool and never had a problem finding a bed. The attendents cant do enough. The towel guys made up the beds and the waiters came round regularly with fruit. ice lollys, face towels and even cleaned your glasses. LUXURYThe large pool at the AL QASR looked a bit busier but if you have kids they are well catered for.Nothing was evet a problem in the MINA &amp; staff awalwys greeted you with a smile.BUFFET BREAKFAST WAS SUPERB AND WE TRIED THE EVENING BUFFET ONCE HICH WAS EVEN BETTER !ONE TIP - I WOULD RECOMMEND BOKING YOUR RESTURANTS BY EMAIL FROM HOME. ITS ALWAYS SO BUSY AND HARD TO GET TABLES IN MOST PLACES.WE WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND ZHENG HEES IN THE MINA, SUPERB CHINESE IN A GREAT SETTING AND WE HAD TO TRY THE AL MAHARA AQUARIUM RETURANT AND THE SKY BAR (EVEN NEED TO BOOK FOR THAT!) IN THE BURJ (BOTH PRICEY!)DUBAI IS A SURREAL PLACE WHICH SEEMS LIKE LAS VEGAS MEETS MANHATTAN AND THE GLITZ IS ALL OVER THE PLACE. IF YOUR INTO HISTORY AND CULTURE THIS IS NOT FOR YOU BUT IF YOU LIKE &quot;R &amp; R&quot; IN STYLE THEN YOU HAVE TO GO.THE NEST COMPLIMENT....WE CANT WAIT TO GO BACK !!!	
Apr 29 2008 	Not so exiting !	Our experience was not as good as others... When we arrived early in the morning, returning to Europe from Shanghai, no room was available. The only &quot;help&quot; that was offered was to book an additionnal night :-(((. Finaly we had to wait in the breakfast area for three more hours. Before noon, no possibility to have a drink in the lounge. If you want to be an &quot;international&quot; hotel, I think you can have your clients have a drink at 11.30...The answer was : well , you can have a drink in your room. Not what we expected...The location is nice, but the restaurants simply overpriced compared to quality. We ate much better for less in Shanghai for example.Staff was kind, but not &quot; exceeding expectations&quot;.The overall experience was &quot; bofff...&quot;We will try another hotel next time we will stay in Dubai.	
Apr 21 2008 	nice hotel	We stayed at the Mina for 3 nights en route to the Maldives and having been to Dubai many times just wanted to try out another hotel for our collection!!We booked Premium Leisure and although we are not big drinkers it was lovely to have a glass of Moet before going out to our evening meal, did not eat all the bits as we did not want to spoil our appetites but our daughter 9 loved the chicken nuggets (they do a childrens area of hors douevres too). It is nice being able to come out of the sun at 3-4 o'clock and have a cup of tea and a cake.The pool we knew was quite small but as you can use the Al Qasr which is huge is not a problem. We also used the Jumeirah Beach pool, it just stops the kids getting bored. Very small children would be fine here all day. The staff were great, our room kept clean and we loved the reception with the water display covered in fresh rose petals everyday.It is great being able to hop on a buggy and go throughout the Madinat area to restaurants and shops. There were lots of repeat guests and I can understand why they love it although personally I would not return here for my longer break as we prefer trying other hotels in the area.	
Apr 15 2008 	Amazing Honeymoon	We choose to stay at the Mina A'Salam for our honeymoon after a recommendation from our travel agent and the outstanding reviews from Trip Advisor and it was the best decision we ever made. We stayed at the Mina A'Salam from September/ October for 12 nights in total. (29th Sept - 12th Oct '07)We arrived early in the morning at 1am and the staff were so friendly even at that hour. When we arrived to the room, rose petals were done in the shape of a heart on our bed and two swans made from towels. So romantic!! Every other evening, gifts would be left on your bed. The room was amazing and very spacious. The beds are the most comfortable beds in the world!!! The staff at this hotel are amazing - genuinely friendly and helpful. You need not leave the Madinat Jumeriah complex - the Madinat Souk has coffee shops, bars, restaurants and a pharmacy all under one roof. The pool area in the Mina was excellent, well serviced and any amount of sun loungers, fresh towels laid down for you as you arrive. Through out the day, cold aromatherapy facecloths were provided to cool you down, ice lollies, ice buckets were provided for your drinks and cucumber for your eyes. Pool staff were very nice and we got to know them very well. We went down to Al Qasar pool and found this to be extremely busy and very big, Mina pool much nicer. The beach was immaculate and again towels were provided for your sun loungers and with the Burj Al Arab in front of you, just heaven. Health Club was excellent and my husband use it a number of times. They offered you the changing rooms for the full day after we checked out as our flight wasn't until midnight. The breakfast, Wow what can I say, I have never seen a breakfast like it. The wide selection they had to offer and every type of food was provided. I would definitely return to the Mina in the future for pure luxury and top class service. It’s well worth every penny.	
Apr 6 2008 	Top class Mina	Just got back from the Mina A Salam and everything they say is true. We went for the Club Exec rooms with complimentary transfers, breakfast, afternoon tea and evening drinks and canapes and we were well impressed. The canapes are plentiful and you can get warm food including satay, samozas, bhajis etc. The drinks are all free with the package including champagne so you don't need to buy a bottle of wine with your evening meal later.I recommend the Wharf restaurant for fish lovers. Shimmers is a great location on the beach with a view of the Burj al Arab. The food is ok but not as good as the Wharf. You can get into the Burj al Arab if you stay at the Mina A Salam. All you do is take a buggy form the buggy station by the beach and show your room keycard at the entrance to the road up to the hotel. The lobby and lift are free so if you don't want to spend your money on a drinks/tea package this is a cheap way of seeing the place.We found the staff at Mina amazingly friendly and helpful and whilst there are plenty of children around, the place didn't seem overrun - in fact the hotel seemed very quite even though it was full. We'll be back	
Apr 4 2008	Great hotel	When we travel, we love a new beautiful room with great service, great food, and great beach and pool with food and drink service. Our preferred hotel, the four seasons isn't open yet in Dubai and after reading trip advisor decided to book this one. It was Wonderful! It was all we were hoping for. Everything was lovely, the beach is the best, the pool was good (went to the bigger one next door often) tons of lifeguards watching the kids closely so we could relax and read a book and sip our drinks! Our room was the Arabian Suite and it was very large with a pullout in the master room for the kids. Beautiful toiletries and evening gifts were delightful.We enjoyed our meals, and there are many places to eat around the resort. One thing to note is that MANY of the restaurants do not allow children (either under 8 or under 12!) We were able to book in person with our children and they accepted us - we also dined early and maybe that made a difference. Our kids are used to eating out in fancy restaurants and are happy to sit quietly, after which we were allowed to rebook again for later in the week. However, we didn't try for any of the off property restaurants (verre, mezzanine) that do not accept children.We did the hop on/off bus which has a stop by the front of the Souk at the resort and enjoyed the tour, felt like we got a good overview of Dubai. We loved our time and decided to extend our stay a few days, but as the Mina was sold out we booked in at the Ritz Carlton, which was, unfortunately for us, not a good choice.... for slightly less money we got WAY less value in all respects! Quite shocking actually! Go to Mina, it was fantastic!	
Mar 6 2008 	Amazing Holiday!	We stayed at the Mina a Salam in February 2008. We booked the hotel solely based on the amazing reviews it has received on this website and we were not disappointed! We arrived at the hotel at about 2am and the reception staff could not have been friendlier despite the hour. Our room was immaculate and although a cot had not been provided for our 20 month old son one was brought to our room instantly. The hotel staff are incredibly polite, helpful and extremely friendly. Our little boy was a star attraction amongst the staff and they always had time to stop for a chat with him and pinch his cheek or ruffle his hair! The breakfast at the hotel was incredible, I can't think of a food that was not available (well no pork based products but these were replaced by chicken or veal)We did have one problem with our room - on the second night there was a party on the beach outside our room this sort of thing would not normally bother us but as we had a small child it was quite distressing. In addition, our room seemed to be above some machinary that was whirring all night. When this was discussed with reception they were extremely helpful and agreed to move us. The next morning we were upgraded to a beautiful room overlooking the sea.There is nothing that this hotel has not thought of to ensure that your holiday is perfect. Each night, the turn down service leaves beautifully crafted animal sculptures (made from towels!) on your bed and either a chocolate or a small toiletry. The rooms are tidied each day to an extremely high standard. The bathrooms were well equipped with toiletries which were refreshed daily.On the beach you were immediately met by an employee who set up your sun lounger for you and provided swimming towels. The waiters would bring around ice lollys and fresh fruit as you sunbathed. The abras take you where ever you want to go on the complex. Our little boy just wanted to go on a boat ride (every day) and the abra drivers were always happy to oblige (and would even let him &quot;steer'!) There were also golf carts which would take you around which again, our little boy loved! The drivers were so friendly and both the abra drivers and the golf cart drivers were well informed about the complex. The sinbad kids club (at the Al Qasr) was a god send! Our litle boy spent many happy hours in the pool or playing in the play room. Older children can be left with the kids club staff (who were full of energy and very enthusiastic) and smaller ones can be looked after by babysitters (providd by the hotel) if mum and dad fancy a bit of quiet time by the pool!we had an absolutely incredible week and will definitely go back - when we can afford it! This hotel is not cheap but it bends over backwards to ensure that you have the most incredible holiday!	
Mar 2 2008 	Unbeatable - will be an annual event	We stayed for 5 nights in February and loved it. The Mina is one of 3 stunning hotels all owned by Jumeirah on a beautiful campus next to the Burj al Arab and the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, both also owned by Jumeirah. The campus is a green haven with private beach and gardens and canals with free water taxis to residents. To be honest if all you want to do is relax you don't need to leave, with 40-odd restaurants and bars plus a great health club and souks all onsite.Our room had a fab view of the Burj, which is definitely an amazing architectural inspiration, but to be honest not sure if it is worth paying for the sea/Burj view, as this means room is north-facing so gets no sun. Views of the gardens/canals would be fine too.Staff are fabulous and very friendly and quality of everything - accommodation, food, drink, service, all you could ask for.Swimming pools manned by about 25 life guards even though the pool was only 5 feet deep.We went to visit the Burj and were very glad we hadn't booked to stay there - very claustrophobic feel in comparison.We flew out with Silverjet from Luton which was also an amazing experience - private terminal at both ends, and staff check you in whilst you are sitting in the lounge drinking champagne. Highly recommended too.	
Feb 25 2008 	Beautiful place	We are just coming back down to earth after our recent stay at this hotel. We stayed for 5 nights and the whole experience was just wonderful. The hotel itself is so lovely and the staff are friendly and obliging. Loads of restaurants and bars in the complex so we didn't travel outside much. We did go on the Arabian Adventure desert safari and this was great. Really enjoyable holiday and we would recommend it to anyone - especially for that special occasion.	
Feb 24 2008 	Simply Magnificent	We choose to stay at the Mina A Salam for our honeymoon after a recommendation from our travel agent and of course all the top class reviews here on Trip Advisor and it was probably the best decision we ever made. From the moment our car door was opened by the staff at the entrance of the hotel to the minute they closed the door of the car as we left a week later we were treated to the best service we have ever encountered. The staff in this hotel are amazing - so genuinely friendly and helpful. You need not even leave the Madinat Jumeriah complex - there is everything you'll need contained within it - bars, restaurants, coffee shops, clothes shops, pharmacy....you name it they've got it, but not in an over the top kind of way, everything is discreetly set within the Madinat Souk. The pools are so well serviced - any amount of sun loungers, fresh towels laid down for you as you arrive, fresh fruit served to you as you sun bathe, cold aromatherapy facecloths handed to you to soothe you in the sun, ice buckets provided without asking for your drinks, your drinks poured if they notice your glass low...and its all done in a very unintrusive way. we tended to stay around the Mina Pool as the Al Qasar pool, although bigger, was much busier. The beach is also immaculate. Picture postcard perfect - with the Burj al Arab overlooking you. The health club is fabulous - not that i done any excercise - I was on holidays afterall! :) But they offered us the use of it for the full day after we had checked out as our flight wasn't until midnight.The Concierge is wonderful - nothing is too much trouble. A gentleman called Prem was particularly helpful. I could go on forever..... Breakfast buffet contains everything and anything you could want.....the abras which transport you from place to place are so relaxing - their drivers so friendly and informative. The first abra we got on we were brought on a tour around the whole Madinat complex...breathtaking! The beds are THE most comfortable beds in the world!!! you are definately assured of a great nights sleep every night. If we could afford to go back every year we would - for pure luxury, pampering, unbeatable service and facilities - I dont think you could find better! Oh and everythime you do leave the hotel there will probably be a lexus to drive you wherever you want to go! If you choose to stay in this hotel you will enjoy every minute of it. As I mentioned in my Trip report on the Dubai Forum, I wasn't mad about Dubai as a city but I would return to this hotel every year if I could!	
Feb 23 2008 	A lovely experience	My wife and I stayed in early Feb for 5 nights and I have to say that this is a fantastic hotel. Although the rooms are ever so slightly 'tired' looking (dark furniture doesn't wear well) they are extremely comfortable and spacious. What really makes it is the staff. Everyone is very friendly and helpful and nothing is too much trouble.We booked Club Leisure package and this is well worth the extra with the dedicated lounge for check in, breakfast, snacks and evening drinks.I would recommend eating at the restuarants in the Souk as they are cheaper and very good - Noodle House is especially good.I would also suggest using the pool at the Al Qasr as it's much larger. Also, the Mina pool is used by a lot of the guests that stay at the Burj next door. If you want to visit the Burj it's best to use the buggies that take you there at certain times of the day but you'll need to show your key card. You can then look around the lobby areas, which, believe me, is enough.One other thing is that if you book a dune dinner safari make sure you do the whole thing. We didn't want to do the dune bashing and as a result we arrived so late that we missed the sunset!All in all this is a great hotel with first class service. I would thoroughly recommend it to anyone.	
Feb 23 2008 	Truly wonderful	We booked our hoilday on a friend's recommend and reading the past reviews on TripAdvisor - we were not disappointed.The previous reviews say it all. In our opinion the staff were very helpful, friendly, polite and there to make your stay as pleasureable as possible.We went on the Premium Leisure rate, which we thought was worth while. From being met prior to imigration at the airport, chaufered by Limo and being checked in privately at the hotel, it was so well organised - and handy after a long days travel. The benefits of the seperate Executive lounge for breakfast, high teas, drinks and canopes were also good. Food at these times is varied and of high quality, and you could survive for most of the day without parting with any cash. In comparison a Pool side bar snack and soft drink will cost around £15.Our room was an Ocean Deluxe which looked over the resort's Lagoon and over the sea to Palm Island. No matter where you are located you will have some sort of a view, and it would not be as high on my agenda for our return visit - which will happen!The room was spacious, well furnished, several 240v sockets, turned down 2-3 times a day with interesting gifts, bed very massive and very comfy.Eating out. Plenty of choice and as long as you are sensible and book early, you should get your prefered time and seat. We thought the food was not too badly priced, but the alcohol, especially wine, is very expensive. For example: Zheng He's chinese (superb meal) 2 x Starters, 2 x Mains, 1 x Bottle water, 2 x glasses of beer cost over £50. A bottle of wine would have been £50 alone!But every meal we had was excellent.Beach and Pool. Both immaculate. Lifeguards ever present and alert, very safe for young children. Pool at Al Qasar hotel much larger but also busier. Beach nothing but sand, sea very calm, beach beds had matresses and staff fitted them with large towels (they also did this at the pool).Not much need to go off site, save for sightseeing eg the Gold Souk, Creek, Dubai Ski, Emerites Mall. We had our 25th Anniversary meal at the Burj al Arab. An experience to say the least, which we thoroughly enjoyed. But should you go, be prepared and research the costs to justify it. Two pre-dinner drinks cost over £30, cheapest bottle of wine at meal £72. On a positive note the food was excellent and a 3 course meal was £35. So it's swings and roundabouts, you may only have one chance to do such a thing?So to summarise. The Jumeirah resort is fabulous, and we were sorry it was over so quickly. Consider the Premium Leisure - it will help balance the books. Hard to fault any part of our stay there - simply wonderful	
Feb 4 2008 	Awesome. Nothing is too much trouble!	My wife and I spent 6 nights here at the beginning of December 2007. It is one of the best hotels I have stayed at yet. From the moment you arrive to the time you leave the staff and their service is impecable. I could not fault a single thing in the hotel. The room's were great and very spacious. The food and room service in the hotel is of a very high quality and the general setting is fantastic for family's and singles. There is lots to do with a nice pool area, beach and you can use the facilities of the Al Qasr hotel next door. There is also a Souk next door which has some good shopping and restaurants although slightly on the pricey side. I would definitely go back.	
Jan 31 2008 	Its Disneyworld but you've gotta love it...	Opening:Welcome to Dubai, how can we amaze you? Well at least thats what I think should be on the airport screens. No joke, for anyone who hasn't been there, go. It's booming and will only get bigger. How did they get so many people (hospitalities and tourism is now a whopping 27% of GDP) to go there? By building hotels like this one.Location: On Jumeirah beach just behind the Burj al Arab (you know, the 7 star hotel built out in the sea) and near the Jumeirah Beach Hotel. Close to everything you'll want to see, about 20 mins from the souks and about 25 mins to anywhere else in Dubai.The Checkin: You literally drive into an oasis in this hotel. Once dropped off at reception, the traditionally dressed bell staff attend to your needs - not many smiles though. As you walk through the lobby you notice the 'kazbah' styling of this hotel, its bustling and decorated in soft stone and teac colors with large bay windows overlooking the Persian Gulf, quite the site to behond! At checkin, not many smiles. I must say, there is a general flatness amongst the staff here - sure they do everything required of them and they are competent, but for $800 per night, show me your grill! I was upgraded so went to the executive checkin area upstairs which was very nicely done. Lots of fresh food, drinks, big lounge chairs to relax in as everything is taken care of for you. The Room:Very big, tiled floors, traditional design, unbelievably comfortable bed, huge bathroom, scant toiletries though and no plasma TV's, only the old tube kind - surprising given how contemporary dubai is. Also, you may face a long walk to get to your room, such is the size of the hotel. Try and get a room overlooking the vibrant atmosphere downstairs. Good centrally controlled lighting here, you literally don't have to move to control the room, being lazy, I like that...Bathroom:The bathrooms here are quite large and try to incorporate modern luxury with ancient design. I think they came about 85% of the way to pulling it off; there is something missing in these bathrooms which is a shame. I can't put my finger on it, but they felt very echo'ey and sparse, not homely or decadent, just a bit dull. Disappointing. The food:So much variety here its too much of an ordeal to relive it all by writing about it. Lets say that I must have gained 10 pounds over a three day stay. I'm not a big buffet fan, but the lunch buffet down stairs on the way is an amazing feat of culinary organisation - super fresh, super variety, super tasty, all for $30 per head. If you want to try some incredible chinese food, try the restaurant on the hotel of an evening, a magical atmosphere and great service. Concierge:Very helpful, particularly for organising big excursions like four wheel driving, picnics, beach tours and restaurants. Not the best business orientated concierges, but hey, thats not that purpose of this hotel. Conclusion:All in all well worth the visit just to see the place. Rooms in my view are expensive for what you get. I would be more satisfied taking a higher quality room at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel or the Burj al Arab and coming here for a day trip to check out the markets, eat great food and try the 'wild wadi water park' which is nearby. Prognosis:Its disneyworld, worth a look, but not the greatest hotel for the price.Where instead:I love the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, if you can find the extra $500 per night, experience the Burj, its out of control.	
Jan 25 2008	amazing hotel	We stayed her for 3 nights in October. The hotel was beautiful, like a palace. It is expensive, but worth it, as you are treated like royalty. There are loads of things to do around the hotel, with loads of restaurants, bars and shops in its own souk. We stayed during ramadan so most things were closed during the day. We got free access to the Wild Wadi water park so spend a whole day there, and its about 5 mins walk from the hotel. We did some water skiing on the beach too (extra charge) which was excellent. We mostly ate at the pool bar during the day while we were sunbathing, and the food was just amazing! The staff cant do enough for you. Would recomend a go on the Abra's that are complimentary in the complex at night - very romatic. The rooms in the hotel are also amazing, they are pretty big with a large shower and bath.	
Jan 8 2008 	Worth every penny - this place is magical	Although we landed on this hotel through a friend's recommendation, so had seen pictures and heard stories, we were not prepared for the sheer quality and splendour of this place and the service which is at best faultless at worst excellent. We were a party of two couples staying there in the middle of December for just three nights and the unanimous conclusion was that we can't wait to go back, wouldn't dream of considering staying elsewhere in Dubai and all in all found it good value for money in the sense of getting what you pay for. I am also someone who thinks twice about writing a review but in this case I feel almost compelled to do so if it can help others have even half the experience we had.The highlights were many, although I would definitely recommend the Premuim Ocean Club service. Being whisked through passport control was the start, (and arriving at the same time as several hundred pilgrims on their way to Mecca, fortuitous) but we also appreciated the limo ride to the hotel with courteous and chatty driver, being greeted by name as you drew up to the hotel entrance, separate lounge and balcony area which was used for check-in, breakfast, afternoon tea and happy hours, whereby the food and drink was included in the price. Not only could you drink champagne for two hours if you liked but the canapés and afternoon teas were varied and of a high quality.The glamourous decor and cleanliness of the place should also probably be mentioned. We experienced the Christmas decorations which were stunning, especially the fairy-light clad reindeer and palms up the driveway, but I would imagine you are no less impressed by the fittings at other times too. We had an ordinary ocean standard double room I think which, while the room itself was not massive, it was certainly large enough, with floor to ceiling balcony door/windows and an excellent large bathroom with walk in shower, toilet behind separate door, large long bath and plenty of toiletries, fresh drinking water etc. A small but welcome touch was also a dressing table area and seat between the bathroom and the main part of the bedroom.Service was generally excellent although we did have a few issues along the way. I think though that you get so used to faultless (the bed turning down preparation with origamied towel animals on the bed, was something new to us) that you get picky about anything less. It was our 10th wedding anniversary while we were there and my husband ordered flowers for the room which were beautifully presented and came with a bottle of sparkling wine, strawberries and accompanying chocolate dip, courtesy of the hotel (the flowers too were reasonable - so a nice touch - if any gentlemen are reading this). The empty bottle and glasses then stayed there so long we had to ask for them to be removed, but given the rest of the service we experienced it seems rather churlish to even mention this.The restaurants and bars we tried there were all superb in terms of both location, standard and service. The guys at the pool bar were charm personified, Shimmers has a stunning location with views over the light show on the exterior of the Burj, the Thai restaurant fab, Bahri bar cool and The Wharf where we ate our last night was also excellent although you need to book in advance to guarantee an outside table. The staff in the lounge area though are more than happy to do this for you.As we had limited time there we didn't manage to do much more than have a trawl round the diamond center (much more civilised than the gold souk in town and still with great deals), drop by the Emirates Mall (the boys could hardly believe the choice in Jumbo Electronics I believe it was called) pass through the souk at the complex (OK but a bit stylised) and make a quick trip to the Talise spa. Whatever else you do I would recommend a treatment there and leave enough time to do so. The place is tranquil, classy and yet relaxed and good value and even just popping in for one treatment you were made to feel welcome . I returned back to the Mina by buggy rather than abra which was a highlight in itself riding round the various hotels on the complex seeing all the lights, pools and the stunning beachside track which leads back to the hotel. The abra service too is a masterstroke - the drivers are pleasant, informative, friendly and polite and it is a great way to get around.While you are there you cannot miss the Burj either I guess. Apparently guests of the Mina A Salam can just pop in for a drink in the sky bar there (as you do!) after 11pm if there is room. We booked at least a week beforehand and were there at 10pm on the Sunday evening. The views over the lights of the city are amazing and the cocktails excellent - try to get the corner table for the view. The decor up there though is strangely quite tasteless and not something to anticipate too much (very 80s disco) but the hotel atrium as you go through to the lift was stunning in an opulent and flashy way with its gigantic aquarium and leaping fountains. We also had to pick our jaws off the floor when we saw the line up of cars at the entrance - an interesting juxtaposition to the golf buggy that was on hand to take us over the bridge and back to the hotel.In sum then I would say that if you like 5 star treatment, this place leaves little to complain about. We were actually a bit sceptical to be staying at such a manmade and in total quite vast complex, but the hotel manages to maintain an air of intimacy and the views from the hotel rooms over the lagoon, the Jumeirah palm and the skyscrapers beyond makes it all very exotic,and very classy. I believe the hotel was full although you wouldn't have known from walking around. The only time it was very busy was on the Friday but then as we found out later and will certainly book ahead for next time, this was when the famous Friday brunch takes place that gathers guests and local residents for what looked like a fantastic brunch buffet that spread itself out over the Nakuda bar and abra station area.Finally and this has to do with downtown Dubai and not the hotel. We took a trip down there by taxi from the hotel - great and easy. After a wander around the spice and gold souks (which we personally collectively thought were a bit of a disappointment ) and a trip across the creek (short, cheap and the best bit to see the views - 1 dirham per person) we were then keen to get back to the hotel to make the most of the little time we had remaining, but finding a taxi was an absolute nightmare. Contrary to what our guidebook claimed, they were by no means plentiful and in the end we resorted to a private cab, which we sourced at a downtown rather shabby but hotel, with a driver who had very little idea about where we were asking to go, despite the fact we thought &quot;next door to the Burj al Arab&quot; was quite straightforward (he had certainly not heard of the Mina A Salam). The lesson learned here therefore was that it might be an idea to secure your return trip in advance.	
Jan 6 2008	Absolutely Amazing!	Our first stop on a 4 week trip around the world was the Mina A Salam in Dubai. We arrived from Australia at 6am and by 7 we were at the hotel, apologising for being so early. Within 20 minutes they had a room available for us, despite check-in being later in the afternoon.The grounds as you drive in are beautiful and the reception staff were lovely. In fact, the staff are SO polite it almost becomes too much. One staff member thanked us twice for letting him come in the lift with us! Very funny but nice none the less.Our room was AMAZING!! The bed was the most comfortable thing I have ever slept in. After 14 hours of a cramped Emirates flight, I thought I was in heaven when I jumped into that bed!!! The decor is so different, beautiful and all such quality.We had a great view out over the Burj al Arab next door and across into the city. An amazing sight.The abras (canal boats) that transport you through the canal system of the hotel were great. The hotel was so quiet that the driver offered to do a full lap of the 3 hotel compelx for us just so we could have a look. It was SO hot and humid however that I was happy to get back into the airconditioning ASAP!When you visit the private beach they treat you like a celebrity! I stood around a little uncomfortably as the man took 5 minutes to set up my sun bed with cushions and towels but it was a fun experience! We caught a golf buggy across to the Burj and had a look around. Interesting to look at but I preferred having a view of the place instead of staying there!The buffet breakfast downstairs was AMAZING!!! We ate there twice, despite the price. I usually hate buffet food but this was quality. We also ate at the Spanish place, forgotten it's name, which was also devine!We were there during Ramadan which didn't prove to be an issue at all. We covered up reasonably well (although we saw lots who didn't!), particularly when we visited the gold markets in the city (a must do!) but apart from that it felt like any other day. Only felt strange when we visited the Mall of the Emirates and all food outlets were closed. There is a free shuttle from the Mina to the mall which was also great.If you are looking for some luxury and an amazing experience, head straight to the Mina A Salam!	
Dec 30 2007 	Very enjoyable stay	We stayed here for a week at the end of September, during Ramadan. When we arrived we were informed we were upgraded to a villa which turned out to be one of the Dar Al Masyaf villas. The entire complex is set on a waterway and abras (water taxis) take you to your destination which was probably my favourite feature of the resort. We had a lovely room in one of these villas with a personal butler service for the 6 or so rooms in each villa. The bathroom was very large and luxurious with no shortage of toiletries which were really top of the range. We spent the first two nights here however as it was at the other end of the resort we felt i was a bit out of the action. It would be perfect for couples looking for plenty of privacy who were happy to spend their days by their own pool. Some villas but not ours were by the beach which would have been perfect. We requested a transfer back to the Mina Salaam and were immediately accommodated. We were again upgraded to a superior room. All the rooms have a sea view to some extent, some also look out on the Burg Al Arab. The rooms are lovely, bit smaller than the villas. The service is excellent, room service a little slow at times but always came eventually. The staff are all very pleasant, friendly and accomodating. The food in the hotel itself is good but there are many options for dinner in the restaurants on the complex. The Noodle House is very good and cheap. We would especially recommend PaiThai and Pices, the seafood restaurant. Both expensive but we also dined in the rooftop restaurant in the Burg Al Arab and were more impressed by the former. In fact we were not particularly impressed by the Burg and certainly don't think the expense is worth it. The staff were not at all pleasant and you get the impression that once they establish you're not staying there they don't wish to make you feel welcome. The decor is very gaudy rather like a psychedelic 70's disco.. It is possibly worth a visit just to confirm you made the right choice in not staying there! We found out after that you can book to have an expensive drink at the rooftop bar and this is certainly the way to go. Dinner including wine was extorionate and a big disappointment. Wine in general is extremely expensive in the Madinat with bottles costing from 50-60 euro that you would buy at home for 10Euro. Ramadan didn't affect us too much and you can drink in your bedroom but not in public areas before 7pm or so. There is no alcohol sold prior to this time but it is available from then on. The pool by Al Qasr is particularly nice and big but busy. The beach is very convenient and well serviced. We would highly recommend the Mina Salaam. It is a bit cheaper but we felt just as good. The only difference we could tell was the size of the bedrooms which are bigger in the other two hotel. We would certainly return to this complex and really enjoyed our stay and congratulate all the staff on the excellent service.	
Dec 11 2007	Georgeous room w/ View!	Posh room with terrific view of Burg al Arab Hotel! Tasty (but pricey) 24/7 buffet on lowest floor.By all means avoid the adjacent &quot;Souk&quot; in the center of all the Madinat Jumeirah hotels. You can do better at Pier I.	
Dec 7 2007 	Loved it loved it loved it!!!!	My husband &amp; I stayed at the Mina for a week as a special treat for just the 2 of us with the kids staying with relatives back home. All I can say is what a fabulous place. The Mina is part of the Jumeirah Madinat Resort and staying at the Mina gives you access to the whole resort and all it has to offer.Check in was fast and efficient, concierge excellent (BA lost our bags and concierge relentlessly chased them until they were found) and the room very nice indeed. Great view of the lagoon from our deluxe room. Maid service came twice a day and did a great job as did laundry and in room dining. No request was too much for the staff here.Breakfast was good, everything you could want.We ate the following restaurants in the eveningMJ Steakhouse - outstanding food and serviceAl Hambra - lovely location, spanish guitar player comes to your table and asks if you have a request, food nice but not that authenticPaiTai - lovely food and great service, very authenticShoo Fee Ma Fee - beautiful restaurant, we sat on the 3rd floor with views over the Al Qasr hotelWe also ate at Al Makan and The Noodle House in the Souk at lunchtime, both were excellent.We have friends in Dubai and we did Friday Brunch at the Mina. This is good value as all your food and alcoholic drinks are included. We had a fabulous time drinking champagne and eating an amazing array of international cuisine.We had drinks at Bahri Bar (service could have been quicker) but my favourite by far was Shimmers on the beach at the Mina. They do food if you want we just had drinks and watched the lights show at the Burj. Lovely waiters and great service.We used the Abra water taxis to travel around the resort and did a tour on our first day so we could get a feel of the place.The gym was good, all the equipment you could want and the Hair salon, Carita, was great, with Miguel doing a fabulous blow dry for me! Pool at Al Qasr is huge and had lots of space available. Very quiet and peaceful.This is a special place - I really love to stay in luxury hotels and find that most do not come up to my high expectations but this did. I can't wait to go back again. We will try the summer houses next time!	
Dec 3 2007 	Sun sea the Burj and Champagne	Just returned from a 7 night stay at the Mina and i have to say we loved the place.This was actually our 2nd choice hotel (Desert Palm which has yet to open) and we are so happy we ended up there.We booked to Club exec package and really appreciated the meet before passport control service as we had flown from Boston and we're pretty tired by then and Dubai airport was a zoo! So they whisked us through and into a lovely air conditioned car - 25 min trip to airport - then we checked in at the club exec room and were upgraded to a sea and Burj view - room 403 - lovely.The beds as everyone mentions is very comfy, the free water is appreciated (also rather than buying water on the beach each day we just asked for extra to be left in our room and used that on the beach) and the view is to die for!Our days we spent by the pool - which we found very quiet (most families seem to go to the al qsar pool which is much bigger) and realxing with a wonderful view of the beach. We also spent time on the beach. We found the service to be fab in both beach and pool - bringing round mini ice lollies, cleaning your sunglasses, offering you mini fruit skewers and always being available when you wanted to order something or to set up towels / umbrellas.Also i noticed a lot of life guards on duty - especially on the beach - on the days we were there we had some really big waves and they did a great job of watching over everyone.Our evenings we spent going on desert safari, going to Karama and the gold souk and haggling, purchasing lovely things at the gold and diamond park, visting the wafi mall and the mall of emirates - and ended every night on our balcony mesmirized by the light show projected onto the Burj!We enjoyed the Madinat complex - we had dinner in the Noodle House, Zheng Hei's, Pai Thai, Ushna and brunch at the Al qsar - all the food was excellent and not badly priced. We had fun riding around on the Abra's and only once had to wait for more than 5 mins for a pick up.We also really enjoyed and made the most of the 2 hours of free cocktails and canapes provided by the club exec package - we took full advantage of the free Moet each night we were there and as such had very little need for more alcohol with dinner!So all in all it was a very positive stay - and i would be happy to stay there again - but having said that there are also many other hotels in Dubai that i'd like to try.	
Nov 24 2007 	November break	Just returned from our first trip to Dubai. On the strength of previous reviews stayed at Min A Salam for five nights in an ocean premium suite. Unfortunately this did not have a sea view which considering the extra cost was dissappointing, it was also on the ground floor so privacy on the balcony was limited. Make sure that you specify a sea view.Room was very good bed extremely large and comfortable, staff very obliging, especially the guys who made the towel animals each night.Went to Wild Wadi which unfortunately was having extensive renovation, but had a great morning on the rides especially the Sceira, reached about 75kph which is seriously quick wearing nothing but a pair of shorts!Did Ski Dubai and the Emirates Mall, not particularly cheap but worth a trip. Didn't manage the Souk, maybe next time.All in all a very enjoyable break Weather was fantastic, the pool at the Al Qasr is where you need to be if you don't fancy the beach.Restaurants were plentifull. Any of them in the Jumeira Souk by the creek are the most reasonable and the other one on the beach Shimmers is cheap and has fantastic views of the Burj Al Arab. If you want to go to the Burj for a drink or visit book before you go or immediately you arrive or you won't get in, we didn't!!!Bought into the premium service as well. Great b'fast on the balcony and the happy hour was very relaxing quoffing loads of free champagne and nibbles. (you don't need to buy a starter at the restaurant, and only one bottle of wine which is horrendously expensive everywhere).Might return haven't decided.	
Nov 14 2007 	fantastic hotel one of the best	a fantastic time at the hotel, the quality of service is supurb. The choice of food is vast and delicious! alcohol is quite expensive, so if you want some for your room, take it with you from duty free. We are already looking to go back to this hotel because we liked it so much, amazing!	
Nov 12 2007 	A divine experience = top knotch	An absolutley stunning hotel and resort. Nothing is average at this place. Service and accomodation meet and in fact exceed expectations. A stand out experience.	
Nov 4 2007 	What a fantastic hotel!	We stayed at the Mina for a week for our honeymoon. It was far and away the most amazing holiday we've ever had, and we spent the whole week talking about when we could come back (a week is not enough by the way). The weather in October was about mid-thirties during the day, and mid-twenties at night which was perfect.Everything about it was great - the amazing view of the Burj from our balcony, the friendly and helpful staff, the food, the beach, the sea, the pool, the HUGE bed which was the most comfortable thing I've ever slept in.We went to the Talise spa and had treatments together in the same room which were gorgeous - highly recommended. Restaurants which impressed us were MJs (steak), Segreto (Italian) and Pai Thai (Thai) where we had the most divine red curry (although it nearly blew our heads off!). We had booked the Executive Club upgrade after reading about it on here, and it was well worth it, we were so glad we did. We had breakfast in the Executive lounge (away from all the hoi-polloi and kids), then didn't have to buy lunch because Afternoon Tea was served from 3pm (gorgeous savouries, cakes and scones). We then took full advantage of complimentary canapes and alcohol from 6-8pm every night. When this includes free flowing champagne that costs £30 for a half bottle in the mini bar then it is well worth it. You sit on this amazing private terrace, the warm breeze blowing, the Burj all lit up different colours, sipping ice-cold champagne and nibbling canapes and think - 'What in the world could be better than this?'. If you really were tight for cash the canapes are so plentiful you could fill up on them and not have to eat out at all!We loved the Abra water-taxis, going on a boat around a beautiful resort to take you to your restaurant of choice added something a little special to each evening.If you are not sure, JUST GO!!!The only people who wouldn't like it are adventurous types who want history and scenery and places to explore, walks etc.For people like my husband and I, who are looking for relaxation, fabulous food and drink in luxorious surroundings, then this is the place.	
Nov 1 2007 	dreamland	Was it real or was it a dream ?It's the real question after coming back from this hotel. I'd like to be a rock star so i could stay again and again in this hotel !I travel a lot but this is the place to know and enjoy.Of course it's expensive, but it deserves it. No doubt about that. We had a &quot;normal&quot; room (deluxe) but ask for the one we had (n°248) if you want this kind of room. It's the best one. A balcony directly in front of the burj al arab, the pool and the sunset.What can I say. It's better than jumeirah beach hotel and cheeper (if cheeper can means anything in that kind of hotels !!). The service is efficient. There is a free shuttle to mall of the emirates every hour or you can easyly use a taxi to go there (it's a five minutes way). (So you can eat at the mall in the evening if you think that the hotels restaurants are too expensive).	
Oct 30 2007 	Love the Souk	We just love this hotel and go back time and time again. The facilities here are superb. The rooms are spacious and luxurious. The restaurants are excellent and the choice is endless when you include the Madinat Souk - all tastes are catered for and the standards cannot be beaten anywhere. The beaches are amazing. There are lifeguards everywhere so you are always safe - even though the waters are never that rough. It's great being able to take a golf buggy to the other hotels on either side of you and sample their restaurants. A must is a visit to the Wild Wadi water park next door.	
Oct 11 2007 	Fantastic Hotel!!	Booked the Mina for a week after all the great reviews on Trip Advisor and were not disappointed in any way. Choose to upgrade to a full ocean view (extra 300 dhs/night) and got a first floor room with a terrace the size of our lounge at home plus all the usual Mina trappings. We were totally knocked out by the service - one member of staff seemed only to have the job of keeping the complimentary apples in the rooms stocked up! Some great touches such as the towelling animals left on our bed during the evening and the staff service on the beach and by the pool. We used the private dining option on two nights and were very impressed with the range and quality of the food and service and, unlike other hotels, the prices were not jacked up for room delivery. Overall, everything the other reviewers promised and more. Certain to be in Dubai again and if we want a luxury beach holiday we wouldn't think of staying anywhere else.	
Oct 7 2007 	Oh My God - Amazing!	We stayed here en route to Australia on honeymoon for three nights. It really is the best hotel ever. The staff are amazing and it is total luxury. Fantastic - August was too hot but we will be going back again and again. Brilliant place - we loved it.	
Oct 7 2007 	Don't stay anywhere else!!	What a terrific hotel, part of the Jumeirah group (Burj, Beach Hotel and Al Qasr - all owned by the King), all accessable to each other by staff who drive you from one to another in a golf buggy.The theming of the hotel is excellent and I would think one of the best I have ever stayed in. The quality of the detail and consistency is exceptional. You really do get the Arabian feel as soon as you walk into this hotel and it continues to every part of the hotel. There are plenty of restaurants to choose from and the Madinat Souk is right next door, accessable by walking or catching an abra, free to all guests staying at the hotel.Food at the breakfast buffet was extensive with plenty of choice and was of high quality. Zheng He's restaurant was very good.Room was always serviced prompty as were any requests to housekeeping.We visited the Burj, but honestly we were pleased we didn't stay there; it is overrated in my opinion and you certainly do not get the Arabian feel as you do with Mina a Salam, it could be any city hotel anywhere in the world.There were plenty of beach lounges available and the beach attendants were efficient and attentive.If I had to be critical on any aspect of the hotel, I would say that the reception staff was slow and everytime I had cause to visit the reception desk, I had to endure a long wait before being attended to. Once attended to, the staff always need to consult with another and often when one was looking after you they would be called away by another receptionist to assist another guest and leave you without aplogy.We would definitely stay here again if we returned to Dubai. This hotel deserves its number 1 hotel rating on tripadvisor.	
Oct 3 2007 	A Truely Amazing Resort	We stayed at the Mina a Salam on the return leg of our Honeymoon this August. From the minute we arrived we could not fault the hotel itself or the resort. We arrived at 7am in the morning and as our room was not ready the receptionist gave us a voucher for a free drink at the poolside bar. While we waited we took a trip on the water boats (abra) and the driver kindly gave us a tour of the whole resort. This was a great way to find out where everything was, the best restaurants and also opening times of shops and the need to book the main restaurants in advance. The abra 's run 24/7 and are free to guests staying in the resort. The hotel staff were extemely helpful in all aspects like booking restaurant reservations, information on shuttle buses and local attractions.The food in the restaurants within the resort was superb from the casual dining places like Brewsters in the Souk to the top end restaurants like Segreto. One thing to note is that the Abra drivers and staff at the hotel heavely promote the more expensive restaurants like Zeng Hes and Segreto where you can expect to pay in the region of €150 for a 3 course meal and a bottle of wine while the same in Brewsters will cost you more in the region of €50. The hotel also offer a free shuttle bus to the Mall of Emirates, the Burj al Arab Hotel and the Water Park.Unless you are a big fan of very hot and humid weather I would avoid this place in August as most days it was 46-48 degrees with 65% humidity. I would highly recommend this resort to anyone looking for somewhere with good restaurants, bars, shopping and a beach &amp; pool at your doorstep. Myself &amp; my husband plan to return in the next year or two - just not in August.	
Oct 1 2007	Still great	This is the third time we have been here now and its still fantastic, the quality is still great and the hotel is amazing, just book it and give it a go .	
Sep 30 2007	fabulous hotel but check in was far from impressive	We have  just returned to Sydney on the final leg of a hectic 4 week holiday. We had stayed at the Mina A Salam 2 years ago and just loved it. Unfortunely we arrived from Paris at 6 am in the morning and were told it was a 2 pm check in but we could be in our room at 12 noon, I explained that I wasnt well, but they werent interested at all. We went back to reception at 12 noon and told the cleaners were in our room and would take at least 2 hours to clean, we went back at 1.15 pm and apparently cleaners were still there...we then asked to speak to the manager who said well too bad your check in time is 2pm, so we asked for another room, miraculously at 1.45 the room was ready. We were only staying for 2 nights before the long flight back to Australia so we really needed to rest. we did notice that other people were taken to room long before us. Also the male receptionist ran for cover when we asked for the manager!!!Apart from the bad start, we really love it...but would hesitate to stay there again because I think an early check in is vital when you arrive as early as 6.30 am.	
Sep 23 2007 	Best Hotel Ever	This Hotel is absolutely amazing, If you are thinking of going then go you wont be disappointed.I thought the hotel was better than the Burj as this seemed tacky.The staff cannot do enough for you and the rooms are all amazing with a sea view.I am looking to go back again early next year.	
Sep 21 2007 	Absolutley Brilliant	We have stayed at the Mina A Salam 3 years running and always for 9 nights. This is the only hotel that we have ever returned to again and again. It is fabulous ! The beach is beautiful - all rooms have a sea view and are clean and spacious. The 'condolas' travel up the water ways passing through the resort and are only available to guests at the Mina a salam. The staff at the hotel and through the resort are warm and friendly and cannot do enough for you. Our only problem is that we cannot find anything that compares to this excellent hotel. If you stay here and love it and think we would love an alternative hotel equally (with 6/7 hour flight time) - please let us know....we would really appreciate it.If you want peace and quiet. Romance. Honeymoon. The alcohol is expensive BUT we personally see this as an advantage - it does mean there are no groups of drunken lads or girls.Lovely Lovely Lovely	
Sep 15 2007 	Fantastic hotel but....	Can only reiterate what others have said, well furnished and spacious rooms, great service (apart from check-in! - see below), wide range of restaurants etc etc. However, like many people from the UK, we flew overnight and arrived at the premium check-in mid morning. We were travelling with friends who checked in ahead of us and were shown to their room even though we were early. Three hours later, despite many more guests arriving and being shown to their rooms without delay, we were still waiting for a room! Finally, the receptionist admitted we had been allocated the room next to our friends as requested, but the previous guest had booked a late check out at short notice - obviously a much more important guest than ourselves. The very uncooperative receptionist then tried to fob us off with a room facing inland despite the fact we had originally been allocated a room with sea/canal views. Eventually, following a heated exchange in the reception area we were allocated a room some distance from our friends, and discovered very soon after that we had twin beds (because they were placed together we didn't realise this until after we had agreed to take the room and unpacked). Too tired to go back to the reception, we accepted defeat. I know at the price we should have gone straight back to the reception but we were exhauusted and needed a bed desperately.It would have been very simple for somebody to call us as soon as our original room had been vacated - even if it had been the next day. As it was we had a room with a smaller balcony, an inferior view and poorer room service - our friends received classy complimentary gifts, origami type folded characters crafted from bath towels and several baskets of fruit. Small details that lift a hotel above their competitors.Other than the initial check-in problems and feeling slightly cheated, we enjoyed our stay, the hotel is truly stunning, Dubai fantastic and the locals friendly.I emailed the hotel as soon as we returned home to comment on the problems we had encountered but did not receive the courtesy of a response.Morale of the story - make sure you push your friends out of the way and check-in first!	
Sep 10 2007 	Luxury comes to you	Forget the exaggerated glory of the Burj al Arab, Mina A' Salam is luxury service at its best. &quot;title writing by seda irengü özmen&quot;Great environments and decorations with elaborate, the foods are assorted and delicious, the service impeccable with smiling. That's made of luxury to relax, chill out and live like royalty. It probably has the best stretch of beach in the whole of Dubai.	
Sep 9 2007 	Beautiful place	Having booked this hotel through all the positive reviews here on Tripadvisor.com we where not dissapointed.Never being to Dubai before but having read lots about the place and the standards of service and hotel facillities available we looked forward to our family trip with baited breath.Firstly excellent flight even in economy with Emirates from Manchester direct.Arrival at Dubai and met with staff from hotel and whizzed through customs and baggage collection to our private limousine service.Driven informatively to hotel,alighted at reception and whisked through to our own private check-in as we where staying in the premium rooms.Very friendly receptionist,pregnant Pearl as was her name we called her,lovely lady(good luck with the birth pearl),shown to the breakfast premium room leaisure area while we waited for our room to be readied,only waited an hour and escorted to the room and shown how everything worked.Great view of the Burj from our small balcony of which was ample for our needs.Too hot to sit there for long anyways.Unpacked in which was a great room,plenty of storage,good tv,not plasma,coffee making facillities,nice mini bar albeit expensive.Explored hotel first,acquainted ourselves,big complex right on the Arabian seashore,massive pristine beach with loungers and parasols free of charge.Great pool area,pool climatically controlled,i.e cool semi fresh/salt water,lovely temp.Worthwhile paying as alot of guests have commented for the premium rooms as snacks/canapes at evening happy hour and a half are included,limitless Champagne/alchohol(Champagne at in excess of £13 per glass normal price)during these happy hours so good value for the drinkers.All soft drinks for kids also and their own mini kids buffet.Staff very helpful generally and chatty,alot of Indian staff,worldwide employed staff really, interested in knowing about your country and backgrounds without being nosey.Attended managers cocktail party one evening,nice fellow the manager(hello Richard hope you are well)in the Royal suite,great digs if you can afford it.Restaurants throughout complex great,the souk fantastic for shopping and pottering about,the abra,s quaint for getting you about. All in all a lovely 10 days trip supported by a wonderful backdrop and high standard accomodation and facillities.Only complaint/grumble was my daughters camel went missing courtesy of housekeeping(say no more for lack of evidence)so do keep valuables in the mini-safe.Thanks Madinat will return.The Knight family.UK	
Sep 8 2007 	Marvellous Mina sell your Granny and just go!	My wife and I spent a week at the Mina a Salam in mid August and had a fantastic time. The trip was undoubtedly expensive and we wavered a little bit initially about spending so much on a week long holiday but if this is the cost of genuine 5 star accommodation, treatment and service then it is well worth it.We arrived in Dubai at 1 am and as a result were expecting the infamous Dubai airport to not be too chaotic. Unfortunately the queues at passport control were immense anyway, I can't imagine what it's like at midday! We had a bit if a twitchy moment when we couldn't find our private transfer but we milled about for a bit and eventually were rescued by someone. Upon our arrival at the hotel we were immediately whisked off to the Club Executive lounge to be checked in. I would urge anyone to upgrade to Club Executive or Premium Leisure as the benefits outweigh the additional cost. We were shown to our room and our baggage followed shortly after. Very efficient and no obvious hanging around for tips (although we generally did tip)After a very restful nights sleep in the biggest bed I have ever seen (if we laid on either edge, we couldn't touch fingers!) and a fantastic soaking in the enormous rainfall shower we were ready to explore the resort. We decided to go and have a look at the souk and went down to get an abra from the station downstairs from reception. The abra's were a really cool way of getting round the resort and we asked the captain if he would mind showing us around the entire resort, he was very happy to do so and was very informative and chatty. The majority of the captains were from the Indian subcontinent but this chap was a local and gave us some steers on what food to try etc. He then dropped us at the souk which is more of a small shopping arcade with shops, several restaurants, bars and coffee shops (Costa, Starbucks, etc)It's probably worth mentioning the heat and humidity at this point, the weather was pretty extreme in August. We regularly had temperatures in the high 40s Centigrade and humidity of 100% and beyond. Don't walk anywhere unless you like the damp look! If you're sea legs desert you you can always take one of the numerous golf buggies that run between the separated parts of the resort.On three of our six nights we ate in the restaurants around the resort. Pai Thai is, unsurprisingly, a Thai restaurant and the food was very good as was the service, particularly initially as we were the only people in there! It soon filled up and the atmosphere improved. It was our first night so we left early. We went to MJ's steakhouse the following night and went a little bit later in the evening. On our second to last night we went to Pierchic and had a wonderful meal in a lovely setting, the views of the Burj and Jumeirah Beach were fantastic from the pier. It's worth mentioning here that whilst the meals weren't wildly expensive, the wine was, 400 Dhs for a bottle that would cost 5 quid from a supermarket was not unusal. On the other three nights we ate in the souk, cheaper and less formal with The Noodle House gaining special mention.Residents at the hotel get free access to the Wild Wadi waterpark right next door. We spent a great day there, though it was quite busy. No real queue jumping though.It's probably worth mentioning the Mall of the Emirates, we went to have a look and ended up spending the whole day there. Dubai markets itself as a tax free shopping haven and whilst this is undoubtedly true for some items (electronics being one of them) the prices aren't wildly different from those you'd pay in Europe and in some cases were more expensive. It's worth going to the mall to watch people snowboarding when it's 48 degrees C outside!We didn't visit the Burj (ran out of time) but it is a very impressive structure and is right outside the hotel. We understood that residents of the hotel could go and have afternoon tea or a drink at the bar. Maybe next time!As part of our package breakfast was served every morning in the Club Exec Lounge and really set you up for the day, definitely no need for lunch. Full cooked breakfast (including real bacon) cereals, fruit and breads etc, along with fruit juices. Afternoon tea was available between 2pm and 4pm and was quite nice after sitting on the beach for a few hours. The best bit though was pre-dinner drinks between 6pm and 8pm. Canapes were served along with complimentary drinks. Several G&amp;T's here and you don't need to shell out £100 for a bottle of wine at dinner!And the best bit of the whole break, the towel animals! I'm currently trying to sell a kidney so that we can go back soon!	
Sep 5 2007	No question!!! 5 STAR	My wife and I stayed at Mina A' Salaam for our 4th anniversary. We have stayed at many five star hotels but this is by far one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in.When we arrived at the airport in Dubai, we were fast tracked thru immigration picked up our luggage and were transferred to the hotel in a brand new lincoln navigator. The welcome was great. The architecture is beautiful Islamic architecture and the service was second to none. It was very warm in August but the hotel was well airconditioned. The service at the pool and on the beautiful beach was superb. While on the beach we got wet towels, moist spray, fresh fruit, etc.The breakfast at the hotel was excellent. The abras (boats) rides between the properties was itself a great experience. My wife and I both believe that this is indeed one of the best hotels in the world!!!!Agree with all the comments from trip advisor 5 STARS!!!!	
Sep 4 2007 	Mina A'Salam	I booked this hotel having visited it when staying at the Burj Al Arab last year. However we were dissappointed with the standards and service, not compared with the Burj obviously but with other hotels we have stayed in on Jumeirah. I assume we were just unlucky, as most reviews seem to rave about it, but we had a room overlooking the meat factory, which was noisey with delivery traffic and the airconditioning unit outside. We asked guest relations to cancel a reservation at a restaurant in the City which apparently was not done, and also asked for an e.mail to be sent to a neighbouring hotel, which also was not done.The staff in the breakfast lounge were excellent as were the Abra captains but we were not impressed with the levels of housekeeping service or the lobby staff. The staff in the Sinbad Club are also excellent however We were travelling as a family and would choose to stay at the Al Qsar in future, as the service was sharper and they are more geared up for families.	
Aug 25 2007 	Cant wait to go back!	It was our first trip to Dubai and we elected to stay at the Mina A'Salam at the Madinat Jumeirah and what a great choice it was.The Hotel collects you from the airport - complimentary - great four wheel drive, also the offer of cold water and an unofficial tour on the way to the hotel pointing out things of interest - all this at about 1.00 -1.30 am.On arrival check in was very quick and painless, the offer of cold face towels was wonderful. We checked into our room just a standard one with a balcony that overlooked the Burj Hotel - which was very nice but the views straight below were of the garden working area of the hotel, but we were happy just looking out at the Burj. Good sized room and huge bathroom, with separate large shower, separate toilet and then the bath and double hand basin area. Great robes and slippers - one of the better bathrooms in hotels we have stayed at.Our bedroom had two kings beds (I think) made up separately with linen but pushed together, this didn't suit us so we asked for them to be made up as one bed - we were prepared to have this happen the next day but no this was not acceptable for the staff of this wonderful hotel and at 2.30 am in the morning housekeeping came up and did this - nothing was ever any trouble.The breakfast buffett was wonderful and catered for all tastes, the staff provided a warm and friendly start to the day and the food was great. We really enjoyed this resort and the hotel, the little boats that took you to any of the various restaurants were a great way to get around the complex. The private beach area is gorgeous as is the pool bar and again the staff were all exceptional.We recommend gong to the steakhouse - unbelievable food and service.At night the hotel has professional photographers so you can have photos with the Burj in the background or the Mina A'Salm - great photos to take home with you.We had so much complimentary water, we never had to buy any, everytime a staff member came to the room they always bought water.Also a nice touch was the two boxes of complimentary chocolates and dates in the room. The beds were very comfortable as well as being large.Olga at the conceirge desk was exceptionally helpful and also organised for us to go across to the Burj for a look. If you stay at these hotels you can gain access free to the Burj, we went over at 11.00pm at night to the Skybar, - a golf buggy takes you over and brings you back. The View from the Skybar was nil as the lights reflected so you couldn't see anything and the drinks were a rip off, we were charged $32.00 Australian dollars for two glasses of ice (actually there was a small amount of Baileys Irish Cream in it - but it was more like drinking two glasses of ice. They will not let you into the Skybar unless you buy a drink (ie you cant just go in for a look, we were speaking with an actual guest of the hotel and he just wanted to go in for a look and they said no, the staff are a little up themselves to be honest ) All in all we preferrred the more reasonably priced and much more friendly staff at the Mina A'Salm, . We cannot wait to go back and spend more time using the resort facilities as with only four days we were trying to see Dubai and shop.Do take time to go to the private beach and have a swim - the water is so warm and the staff that look after you on the beach are awesome. This hotel has some of the best staff you would every come across - we would highly recommend this hotel.NB I am an Australian, but for some reason my profile says I am from Auburn - Michegan USA - I am waiting for trip adviser to correct this, as I know when we read reviews we take into consideration where the people writing the reviews are from so I would not like to mislead anyone.	
Aug 22 2007 	It Doesnt Get Much Better	We could write pages on whats good about it. We have sampled many hotels in Dubai and worldwide and would go so far as to tell you that you will struggle to better it. ( You may find better scenery but not service ).Quite simply stay at the Mina A Salam, you will not be dissapointed. In fact id like to go as far as saying if you are not absolutely cock-a-hoop with it ill personally give you your money back...............Its that good ( but i wont ). We wouldnt hesitate to recommend this Hotel. We have stayed at this Hotel before and would return again at the drop of the proverbial hat .!	
Jul 30 2007	A lovely hotel - One of my favourites	My husband and I have stayed in the Mina A Salam on several occasions, and everytime we have a wonderful holiday. There are so many positives about this hotel. The location is fantastic, right on the beach and overlooking the Burj Al Arab (which is quite special in the evenings with the blue and green lights). The staff are so helpful, professional and friendly, they make such an effort to ensure you have a wonderful stay. There are many reasons why we keep going back to this hotel - I love the pool area where pool service is second to none, no problem if you want to be left in peace, but if you like having your sunglasses cleaned, evian water spray, sorbets, fresh fruit etc all this is on offer. We particularly like the executive package, as the use of the area by the pool to read papers, relax and have canapés and drinks really adds to the whole experience. There are so many restaurants to choose from, even a buggy straight from the hotel to the Burj if you are having dinner there. Water park just next door and a little boat to the souk - everything on offer at this hotel. Can't recommend it highly enough.	
Jul 29 2007 	Another fantastic trip to Dubai	Following 3 years of staying at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel my wife and I decided to try another hotel in the Jumeirah group and went for the Mina A Salam based on positive reviews on Tripadvisor. It is safe to say we were not disappointed.From the doorman knowing our name as we arrived (I am still not sure how they do that) to the prompt and accurate checkout we continue to be impressed by the excellent service they provide.The rooms were extremely well presented and had the biggest beds we have ever seen.The pool area was peaceful and never too busy. We did venture down to the Jumeirah Beach Hotel to use the swim up the bar. That is something we did miss (she does like a drink!!).We used restaurants in the Mina A Salam, Jumeirah Beach, Al Qasr and the Madinat Souk and all were excellent. There is a noodle bar in the Souk that has fantastic food and was great value as well, but you need to book a table in advance.The Abras (small boats) taking guests around the group of hotels are a nice touch and you rarely have to queue.There were lots of different activities available on the beach that were good value.We are going back to the Jumeirah Beach Hotel in a few weeks and taking the kids for the first time. I reckon that is a better bet for families, but for couples the Mina A Salam probably just has the edge.	
Jul 27 2007 	propper 5 star from mark hutchins milton keynes.	having stayed at many top hotels i would have to say this tops them all. It was not cheap but the hotels standards were amazing and the fact you can use 3 other hotels facilities in the jumirah hotel complex is like staying in a private village. 3 pools all superb, fitness centre is incredable, restaurants for everone from everywhere. Everything we asked for or asked about was promptly attended to, and to cap it off met john terry and got photo with him. Also had some nice meals in downtown dubai if you can go to eat at the grill at the fairmont hotel its not cheap but the surroundings,the service and food is incredable and it was voted best restaurant in dubai last year.It was a bit hot, 46c, but spending time inside hotels was far from disasterous.If you like outstanding luxury with outstanding service this is for you.	
Jul 27 2007 	AMAZING	WOWThis is the only word to describe this hotel. Arrived at 9am in the morning after a delayed flight, but could change, shower etc in the gym, by the time we did this our room was ready.Huge bed, full mini bar, phone in the toilet, the room was beautiful with a lovely view of the Burj!!no need to take towels, all provided ast the hote and if you go water park, free there aswellluxry shampoo, soap, flannles etc all provided in the rooma and fresh fruit bowel as well as water everyday and night.HINT:- no need to take travel adapter as they uses 240v plug and they are all Uk 3pinPLUS:- iron , ironing board, excellent hairdryer,slippers and bathrobes all provided in standard room.Bit of advice- book the restaurants, we struggled to get a meal on the 1st night , but the chinese got us a table at 9.30 pm which suited us ok.Went to 'Verre'- Gordan Ramseys restaurant in the Hilton Dubai Creek Hotel, Mina concierge booked it for us and it is well worth a visit. 7 courses later, bottle of wine liquer coffee and 2 bottles of Water for £150 , very worth the money and the experience of world class food.Mj's steak restaurant in the Qsar also worth a visit, service beyond your imagination and the food was devine!!Sundown safari was excellent, We pre booked this in England with Thomson and got a better deal than the operator at the hotel. 2hours of driving in sandunes- belly dancing, barbecue, henna tattoos, and camel rides,brilliant.breakfasts were great, ranging from freshly cooked made to order omelettes form the chef to cereals, fresh fruit, breads, cooked breakfast, moked salmon- you name it , it was available.the hotel staff were friendly and provided a service second to non, good security and extremely clean.wanted to stay longer than a weekonly down side was the trip home, Dubai airport check in is like a circus, no queing system or order so be patient, took us over1 hour to get our bags in and get through passport control even though our flight home was only half full.can't wait to o next year but want longer than a week and want to upgrade!! be well worth the money!	
Jul 22 2007 	Deserves its No 1 spot	Absolutely Fabulous!!!We stayed in a club executive room which was well worth the extra money. The room itself was massive with a lovely balcony overlooking the Burj al Arab. The staff were really helpful and the room rate included breakfast, afternoon tea and drinks and canapes before dinner (there was so much we didn't need to buy food t all!) The hotel bars were not extortionate and the beach and pool area was lovely. We were met at the airport and driven to the hotel in a limo which also took us back at the end of the stay.The best hotel we have ever stayed in.	
Jul 19 2007 	Slightly Disappointed!	We were really looking forward to our first visit to Dubai and after spending the first 5 nights at the Al Maha Desert resort we were in 'seventh heaven', not really wanting to leave for our next 6 nights at the Mina, but reassured by all the nice things we read on Trip Advisor.Arriving at the Mina was a big shock to the system, it was huge, and both my husband and I are not massive fans of large complexes. Sympathetically designed in Arabian style it still had that Disney feel to it!We checked in and were whisked to our room overlooking the gulf - a nice room with a bed that was the most comfortable I have ever slept in.Breakfast was a busy affair, felt a bit &quot;Butlins&quot;, although the choice was vast, the service was not particularly 5 star!We usually holiday in private villas as we like the choice to do what we want when we want, but as it was my 40th this was a special holiday. We hated the fact you had to decide what you wanted to eat at night in the morning, so you could book a restaurant, it took all the spontaneity away from evening dining. If fact the best meal we had was when we had not booked and ended up in the Chinese restaurant at the Mina as we could not get in to any other restaurant - best Chinese meal I have ever had!The restaurants around the resort were quite expensive and some were disappointing. Each time we asked for a non smoking table we were always plonked right next to the smoking area. In one restaurant where they serve steaks a £70 a go, we saw the chef drop food on the floor, wipe it on his trousers and put it on the plate - 5 star - I think not!The Qasr which was the next hotel in complex seemed nicer and we used their pool as we found the Mina pool a bit small and cramped. The cocktail bar at the Qasr was also better and had a wonderful view at night on the terrace across to the Burj.The service overall was good, but its what you expect in a 5 star hotel.All in all, we understand why people enjoy the Mina, but for us, pure heaven in Dubai was the Al Maha, and when we go back to Dubai we will definately seek out a smaller 5 star hotel when staying in the city.	
Jul 18 2007 	Phenomenal - the best hotel we've ever stayed in!	We stayed at this hotel for the second part of our honeymoon and although we were only staying for 3 days it was the highlight of our trip. Everything about this hotel is quality from the minute you walk into the foyer to the moment you check out. The hotel has a very traditional arabic look and feel which only added to our experience in Dubai.The staff were exceptionally friendly and efficient and as we arrived at 6am they made an early check in for us which was a life saver!As it was our honeymoon there were some nice extra touches - the free champagne on ice, the strawberries with chocolate dip, the rose petals on the bed and the swans made out of towels (much more impressive than it sounds!).There is no reason to really leave the Madinat complex as the choice of shops/bars/restaurants is second to none, and the hotel facilities such as the private beach, pools, etc are all exceptional.Our only regrets are that we did not manage to go to Wild Wadi and didn't manage to use the Spa.We did go to the Burj Al Arab for afternoon tea in the skyview bar however, and in comparison to the Mina A Salam, it was tacky, overpriced, poor service and would have been better suited to Blackpool than Dubai. Our advice is take pictures from the outside but don't waste the time and money to go inside, it is a huge disappointment - they have a cheek to call it 7 star.In summary, we wish would could have spent longer here and will definitely go back to this hotel. Our travel agent could not have recommended a better place in our view.	
Jul 18 2007 	Yes Yes Yes!	This is the best hotel we have ever stayed in by a long, long way!It is a large hotel granted, and that does put some people off, but we loved that it offered so much to do. Staff are all first class, they think of everything (even turning the hoover off as you walk by in the coridors!) The attention to detail, food (46 restaurants and bars in the complex all with 1st class food), exculsivity, service, facilities all standout. This is like DisneyWorld for adults, but done with a touch of Dubai 6 star magic. It is a much better hotel than the sister hotel (Burj al Arab) and you can use all Burj facilities anyway by staying here!!	
Jul 15 2007 	Fabulous Honeymoon	This was the first stop on our Honeymoon and what a fantastic place to start! The Hotel is everything you want it to be. Rooms are spacious and luxurious with fantastic views. The Abras and Buggys are a brilliant way to get around. The choice of restaurants is amazing, we ate at Zheng He's Chinese and Pier Chic which were both wonderfull. We went on the Sundowner desert safari which is well worth doing and also the Dinner Cruise on the creek. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would not hesitate to come back.	
Jul 15 2007 	First Class Hotel with friendly staff.	The package we booked was a premium leisure room with airport transfers and use of the executive lounge.We came through passport control and were shown to our S class Merc transfer,when inside car we were handed a ice cold towels and bottled water to cool down with.On arrival at our hotel we were took upstairs to the executive lounge were we checked in,very private and quite.We were then offered breakfast and shown to our room.Room was very nice and clean and of good size for 2 people.The facilities at this hotel are top class,the pool areas are lovely and there are really nice places to go and sit and have a quite drink.The complex is huge but very classy,there are several small boats which take you around complex which takes around 25 mins,very relaxing.Location could not be better,right on the beach and 3mins from water park were we spent afternoon there with friends and had a great time,free access with hotel package.Went to the meat factory one night for a lovely ribeye steak,nice meal and good prices[starter,main,couple of drinks around £30/35 each]very nice setting in complex of Mina a Salam.Having use of the club was fab,snacks through out the day,and drinks from 6 till 8 including champagne,which my wife julie and friend pam made full use of !The staff at this hotel are really friendly and polite and made us feel very welcome,especially Saw in the lounge who looked after us.Summary ; Fab place to go and relax and be well looked after,location was great and hotel could not fault ,was rated 5 star and it sure was.A very happy customer who shall return soon !	
Jul 12 2007 	Absolutely fabulous!!!	We have been to Dubai twice before and thought the hotels were brilliant but this one tops them all!! We came home feeling totally relaxed. The rooms, the service, the food was all top class. All the little extras added to our holiday e.g. ice lollies, fruit, cold towels, cucumber slices for your eyes and that was just on the beach!!!! There is no need to go outside the resort as all the restaurants are accessible by boat, which is very novel.Loved every minute and can't wait to go back.	
Jul 11 2007 	This is Paradise!!	Simply put, the Mina a' Salam is paradise. I stayed at the Mina during the last week of June with my wife as we were celebrating our first wedding anniversary. On choosing where to stay in Dubai, we were quite happy to pay more to get the perfect week away. We also decided to upgrade to the Club Executive class which is worth the money if you sit down and work it out.The advantages of the Club Executive class (the rooms are the same throughout the hotel apart form the Royal suite/suites) are that breakfast, afternoon tea, and pre-dinner drinks and canapés are included every day. These are of a very good quality and you can drink alcoholic drinks including champagne. You also get a private area with balcony to enjoy the food. To be honest, we went to the main restaurant for breakfast every day as the selection was better (but if you want anything that they have downstairs but not upstairs they will bring it up for you). The other advantage is that you have your airport transfer included. Being met after a terrible BA flight (is there any other kind?) prior to clearing customs by a hotel member of staff was just what we needed. We were then whisked throughcustoms and our bags collected by the member of staff. We were then shown to a chauffeur driven BMW and given cold face towels and water.It was a great way to arrive at the hotel relaxed where you are then taken to a private check in area. So what about the hotel? It is part of a complex (but security between the areas is there) and architecturally it is very Arabian, and that adds to your experience of where you are. You are able to get abras - small boats - between the areas of the resort. The rooms are very spacious with all rooms over looking the gulf (some more than others). Everything has been thought of down to the quality of toiletries provided (you don't need to take your own!) The bed is big and comfy, and the rainfall style shower is just what you need after a day at the beach. A nice touch was the different animal made of towels that were left on the bed each day.The facilities are second to none. The pool is a decent size with lifeguards. The beach was immaculate, and the provision of cold face towels, sliced cucumber and ice lollies was an inspired touch. Againthere are life guards at the beach. Waterspouts are available but arean extra cost. The gym and swimming pool are state of the art with everything you can want - even squash courts!! Unfortunately we were only there for a week and did not have time to use the spa but I am fairly confident it will meet expectations considering the rest of the resort.Dining out was an experience. Some of the hotel/resort restaurants are a little pricy but the quality is always there. In the Madinat Souk (market) in the middle of the resort are a few cheaper places to eat (the noodle house was very good value and good food). If you still want cheaper you can head to the Mall of the Emirates in a taxiwhich will cost you no more than £2. We went to a Thai restaurant in the resort called Pai Tai and it was amazing - reading the menu by torch was interesting and simply added to the wonderful atmosphere.Staying at this hotel also allows you to visit the Wild Wadi Water Park for free which was good fun and a good day out. You can also visit the Burj Al Arab at certain times at no extra cost. We did and I have to say we were disappointed. The hotel is beautiful and immaculate, but the service in the sky bar was worse than we receivedat any other time during our holiday (and this is a 7 star hotel). The view is good but the bar is very pricy. I should add that the hotel offers golf buggies driven by hotel members of staff between these areas, you can of course walk should you wish.So are there any negatives? It is pricy but you do get what you pay for. Hotels in this country claiming to be 5 star really need to lookat themselves. Apart from that the most annoying thing was eating of an evening. Due to the size of the resort you need to book early on in the day for your chosen restaurant. If like me when you are on holiday you want to be spontaneous and not plan everything, this can be frustrating. Despite the very minor negatives, we did not want to come home!!	
Jul 10 2007 	BEST IN THE WORLD!!	What can I say? This is, quite simply, the best hotel in the world! Not only is it in Dubai, which boasts guaranteed sunshine, hot weather and unspoilt beaches, it is also a resort in itself. The staff are amazing, they cannot do enough for you. I suprised my girlfriend by proposing and they set up the room in red roses, rose petals, champagne it was unbelievable. Your room is cleaned twice a day, rom service arrives in minutes and the whole hotel is spotless. By the pool you are brought lollies, fresh fruit and cold towels, all of which are complimentary. I booked premium leisure which entitles you to afternoon snacks, free soft drinks and canapes in the evening. This is well worth the money. I would definitely recommend a desert safari, I would say this was the highlight of the holiday. Back in the resort, I recommend eating at MJ's where I had he best Steak I have ever eaten. There are many bars to choose from and a nightclub.A treatment at the Talise Spa is also highly recommended, you are treated like royalty.You never have to walk anywhere as buggies and boats are always available and take you anywhere you want to go. The waterpark is good and has free entry.We visited the Burg Al Arab and found it unfriendly, far too formal and extremely pretentious. The Mina A Salam is by far the friednlier hotel and in my opinion the srevice is much much better, we even got picked up in a Bentley by the hotel !I will definitely be going back and hope the standards will stay the same, this hotel is simply the best. Special mentions to Pramod Francis, the private dining manager who made it so special for us and the gent who worked at the premium leisure desk in the day, take your empty glasses back to him once you have had a drink and he wont thank you enough!!	
Jul 10 2007 	First class! Superb!	Staying at Madinat Jumeirah is an experience out of this world. Our room at Mina A'Salam had a beautiful view over Burj al Arab and Jumeirah Beach Hotel. The staff is the friendliest I have ever encountered (together with the staff at Al Qasr) and the rooms leave nothing to wish for, decor, space, bed comfort, bathroom amenities, you simply cannot top it. Another great reason to stay at Madinat Jumeirah is the amazing variety of restaurants. Together with the Souk, Burj al Arab and JBH and the Madinat Jumeirah complex, you have about 60 restaurants to choose from. Most of the restaurants have outdoor dining with fabulous views of Burj al Arab at night, which is a breathtaking sight. The beach at Madinat Jumeirah is fantastic, all sand and you can walk into the Ocean on pure sand, no stones. I would stay over and over again. It is the best I have ever experienced.	
Jun 29 2007 	Your dream hotel! fantastic	I stayed at this hotel on my second visit to dubai in aug 2005, and was totally amazed and in love with this place and stayed at the meridian on my first trip but my stay at the mina was like a dream. I felt so relaxed and have stayed in hotels around the world and none beat this for the experience.The reason i am writing a review in june 2007 is I came back to dubai on 11th June for 6 nights but sayed at Jumeirah Beach this time as i came for my cousins 40th and they had two kids and the jumeirah was ideal for them and also to see what the jumeirah beach was like.I want to write a review for the mina salam and not for jumeirah beach as i believe this hotel is what your holiday in dubai should be. We had breakfast everday at the jumeirah which was part of the package, but i felt it was limited for food and entertainment in the evenings as there was a group of 9 of us. I took everyone to the mina to eat and soon as i walked in to the hotel i was overwhelmed of my last experiece from the smell in the lobby, the amazing flower feature, the abras to take you to the souk.Not being a snob, but the whole vibe of the jumeirah and the staff at the hotel was not as good as the mina, i know a lot of celebrities stay at the jumeirah but there were a lot of people that would normally go to tenerife and the costas staying at the jumeirah, which you do not get at the mina.I went to the mina everday and even bought some of the oudh which you can smell in the lobby after i asked the staff, and the nice guy took me to the shop in the soukh and i got some free perfume as well.Also in the evenings you have so much choice around you for restaurants, loved trader vics, leftbank and ushna, noodle house and the kids loved brewsters who had amazing desserts. Went to the trilogy club in the hotel which is handy.I believe your first visit to dubai in any hotel can be your dream holiday but if you stay at the mina salam you will not want to stay elsewhere.I want to return to dubai again as it is such a relaxing place you do not want to go back home, but this time i will book the mina salam and feel like a princess again :)	
Jun 28 2007 	Amazing part of the honeymoon	We visited Dubai for the second part of our honeymoon, after staying 8 nights in Maldives.We were amazed by, not only the service of everyone at the hotel, but the hotel and the facilties.We arrived very early (6:30am) which we knew our room would not be ready, however we had the use of the gym to get a shower and a change (after breakfast) and use all the hotel facilities such as the pool etc. We could even at this point sign everything to the room, no need for cash. Our suitceses were very safe, and transported to our room as soon as the room was ready, they were actually there before we arrived.The service was first rate by all at the hotel and the surrounding Jumeirah hotels, which we also had access to. The people working there could not do enough for you.The food in all the restaurants we tried were amazing, Mj's, Phai Thai were fantastic. We did dine in the Burj Al Arab at the restaurant at the top, although very expensive and the food very delicious, it did seem a little overrated, we enjoyed the views from our hotel and service etc just as much. Hwever we were aware the views on the night were not the best.Due to the trip being our honeymoon, we were welcomed with a big bottle of champagne and strawberries and chocolate dips, a very nice touch. The view of the Burj fro our room were great.We are planning on going again very soon, and would definately return to this part of Dubai, the amount of work that is going on is immense, and amazing to see, but was glad we were on the beach and away from the hustle and bustle.Would definately recommend the Arabian Adventure trips, we did the Sundowner and was fantastic.Wild Waddy a must also, great fun, and great way to keep cool, as the heat for me was unbearrable!!	
Jun 25 2007 	Fantastic!	Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Mina A Salam, and didn't want to come home. We were really looked after and made to feel special.Having stayed at other premium hotels around the world, this was by far our best experience. And staying at the Madinat is truley an experience, from floating abras which take you to the door of your restaurant, to golf buggies which transport you along the beach to the other Jumeriah hotels!Staying in June, meant that we had complimentary access to the Wild Wadi Water Park, with even a golf buggy to drop you off at the guest entrance.We arrived at the hotel at 8am following an overnight flight and anticipated a long wait for our room. Yet on arrival we were seated in the lounge and served complimentary drinks, pastries, cold towels, and escorted to our room by 10am. Before going, we had read other reviews which suggested booking premium leisure rooms. We decided not to do this, and found that even the standard rooms were enormous, with a balcony overlooking the Burj Al Arab, and lots of special treats like fruit, water, and chocolates!We would strongly recommend booking the restaurants in advance over the internet, and this can also be done with the Jumeirah Beeach and Burj Al Arab hotels (also Jumeirah Group Hotels). This is a great hotel for a beach holiday, yet with easy access to everything else Dubai has to offer.	
Jun 23 2007 	Perfect yet again	My wide and I have just returned from our third stay at the Mina, and this time we took my son and his girlfriend who got engaged there. They were fed up with me telling them how amazing the place is so I just had to prove it to them. They were truly gobsmacked and unfortunately for my wallet, they want me to take them there again!!!I have travelled to and stayed in many wonderful locations but this is the only hotel in the world I have ever returned to, and I will be doing the same next year as well.Nothing much new to add to all thats been said already. If anyone is wondering if the place is too 'posh' or 'snooty' then dont. One of the best things about the Mina is the incredible service thats provided. Always polite efficient and discreet. They have a knack of knowing what you want before you do!! I wont go on anymore but just to say if you have any doubts about this place dont....It truly is one of the worlds best hotels.	
Jun 22 2007 	Some things in life are worth waiting for	Before you book this resort if you think you have stayed in a better hotel then you haven't !....if wherever you have been you have experienced 5 star hospitality then wonder what 6 star hospitality is like....if at somepoint you would like to book this resort which I am sure you would (otherwise why are you looking at all the reviews for Mina A Salam) then believe me when I say this place is as good as it gets....if you really want to &quot;die &amp; go to heaven for a few days&quot; then book this and treat yourself to a meal in Pierchic. As for it's imposing neighbour the Burg where the view from Mina is truly mesmerising especially at night then take comfort that Mina compares favourably against that icon. Go on you know you should &amp; you know you will.Enough said..Allan+Terry.	
Jun 18 2007 	Heaven on Earth	Everything that could be said about this excellent hotel has been written. There are no more superlatives that I can add. My wife and I have just returned from a 5 night stay where we were treated like royalty. It was a special birthday for my wife and they made it truly memorable with a birthday cake and roses in our room. Another cake was provided in the superb Segreto restaurant. We stayed executive leisure and it was worth every penny. A couple of tips ... guests are allowed access to the Burg at selected times and there is complimentary access for guests to Wild Wadi up until September. If you get the opportunity just book this hotel and go - you will not regret it!	
Jun 13 2007 	Loved Hotel_Best Stay Ever	I have to say that this hotel is AMAZING!! was meant to stay for 2nights extended to 4.. just come back ( june9th) and it was brilliant as others have mentioned stayed in the lesiure club ( or executive floor) the seperate lounge is great, and the staff there are supuerb and cater to your every need, from the staff, to the room, to the views i have to say this place was First class all the way!!!am planning on going back in August	
Jun 10 2007 	The most amazing place!	Mina A' Salam - what is left to say that hasn't already been said? Nothing! This destination is absolutely fabulous and you really have to experience it to believe it! My fiancé and I stayed for 4 nights after travelling from Thailand - it was a perfect way to finish our holidays!Hotel amazing! Staff so pleasant, could not do enough for you! Beach, just beautiful! In summary, all positive points made by others we totally agree with!We only stayed for 4 nights which simply wasn't long enough (4 weeks probably wouldn't have been long enough either as you just don't want to leave this place). However we plan to return for our Honeymoon in 6mths! One thing we would highly recommend when in Dubai is the Desert Safari. This trip consisted of driving through the sand dunes, camel riding, dinner &amp; drinks and finally entertainment by a Belly Dancer! You can opt to go in the jeep on your own (couple) or as part of a group. We decided to go as a group and were very fortunate to meet great people and have a fun evening (only disappointment we misled their e-mail addresses on our flight home). If you are lucky enough to have already booked this hotel than enjoy!! If you are planning to book - what are you waiting for??You will be guaranteed a wonderful holiday with fond memories when it is all over! Well, that's what we have, fond memories and about 400 photos!!! :-)	
Jun 6 2007 	Premium Leisure Club - Worth Every Penny	This was my 2nd stay at the Mina. We originally booked to come for 5 nights but extended it to 8 when we arrived as we were having such a wonderful time, we didnt want to leave!This time we booked into the Premium Leisure Club, which was worth every penny. The actual bedrooms are no different, but you get to have breakfast in a seperate lounge which is alot quiter. You also get afternoon tea between 3-4.30pm and it was DELICIOUS, Sandwiches, savoury nibbles like samosas, pasties etc as well as many different canape sized cakes, The Freshly made PLUM crumble is to die for!! PLUS Scones, Jam and Cream!!All day long you are allowed free soft drinks in the leisure club lounge which is nice. Between 6-8pm you are allowed unlimited alcoholic drinks including Moet Champangne during this time they also serve canapes and sushi, cheese and biscuits, dips with crudettes etc. If you are more of a grazer than a big eater you could quite easily survive on this food alone!You also get to check in and out in this lounge so you dont have to hang about in the main hotel reception.The kids get their own little buffet too which is really cute, little jam,peanut butter and chocolate spread sandwiches, cakes chocolate and sweets and in the evening they lay on mini hamburgers, soup etc which would easily satisfy a childs appetite!We are going back to this hotel in September for a 21st birthday withthe family and for my husbands 25th in october and we will always book into the Premium Leisure club now.	
Jun 5 2007 	Holiday Magic	My girlfriend and I, stayed here last June 15-22 (06), and it was ourfirst visit to Dubai. I admit I had some trepidation. This was put torest, from the moment we were met at the airport. We were whisked through passport control, and after pointing out our bags, the next time I saw them was in the room. (We felt like celebrities)The car transfer both ways was superb, and had cold water and very welcome scented iced towels.The room exceeded anything I expected, and was topped by a super king, comfortable bed. All the little touches just made it right. Thefurniture and decoration was good, and the bathroom with its walk in rain shower, had enough space for a party. The thing that really madeit fantastic was our huge balcony. It also had great views out to sea.Breakfast was a treat everyday, with foods from around the world, andlots of fresh fruits available. The restaurant was pleasant, but we also took breakfast on our balcony for a few mornings. From the wake up call ten minutes before they arrived, to the attentive service, and leaving a toaster, it was brilliant.I even used the Quay Health Club a couple of times, and that too was first class.We saw some of the city, and some of the desert, but came to relax and unwind. Time was spent wandering around the air conditioned malls, visiting the new Marina Complex, lying beside the pool, and relaxing with good food. I also have a friend based in Dubai and for various reasons we visited a few hotels, which all seemed very good, but not as good as the MAS. My friend was fascinated by the whole layout, and said it was the best hotel he had been in during the 15 years he has been there. Guaranteed sunshine, lovely room, first class service, and things to do if you can drag yourself away from your pampered existence. Wonderful. My only warning, if you like shopping be careful, the relaxed state of mind can lead to serious health problems for your credit card. I write this report now, as we are returning for 8 nights very shortly. We were fascinated by the Dar Al Masyaf, and have traded up to an Ocean Deluxe Summer House. It will make an interesting comparison to last year as the DAM, is supposed to be a step up, and you are practically on the beach. Can’t wait . . . . .	
May 25 2007 	Amazing	Stayed this May for 5 nights on the Club Floor - had a fantastic time - Mina A' Salam think of every detail for your comfort and enjoyment - the beds are the most comfortable I have ever slept in - truly a FIRST class resort	
May 18 2007 	Simply the best!!!	When you first arrive in Dubai International Airport...you will see a sign that states...Welcome to tomorrow. That is exactly how I felt while staying at the Mina A Salam. The Mina A Salam had a driver pick me up in the S550 Benz. How classy is that??!!! Opon arrival the driver gave me cold towels for my face so that I would be comfortable on the way to the hotel.It is only one word to describe this place....and that is FABULOUS!!! The rooms...perfect. My ex-husband...who asked me to re-marrying him again on this vacation...had a executive deluxe room...which allows you to have access to the club executive perks. The room was fabulous....the balcony was bigger than my kitchen. The detail inside the room was perfect. The trace ceilings in the bathroom... the rainfall shower...the huge roman tub. Oh me...oh my...it was like I was living a dream. I can go on forever talking about what a terrific place this is...but I can never describe it in words. I will say that the service at the hotel was 2nd to none. The staff was friendly...place was clean. Beach was PERFECT!!!!!!!!! Fabulous beach....water so clear...I could see my feet. When it got too hot on the beach...staff members will come over to bring you popsicles!!! The chairs were so comfy...they even have a menu to order from while you are out catching some rays. Several lifeguards around to make you feel safe while swimming in the ocean. One of the best things about the hotel was going to one side of the resort to another by boat...aka water taxi. Oh my goodness!!! How BEAUTIFUL!!! It makes you feel like you are in Venice...while in the Middle East. The place gives you such a ritzy feeling...and a feeling of PEACE!!! The food was delicious too. I want to go back. now!!!!!!! I made my my future hubby promise...to bring me and both our mothers to the Mina A Salam. When you are here....you are living the lifestlyle of the Rich &amp; Fabulous!!!!! Everyone should go there!!!!	
May 7 2007 	I Have Died And Gone To Heaven	My Mother and I stayed at Mina last year in September, and every day since I have wished I had never left. This place is the MOST AMAZING PLACE I have ever been to in my life. We stayed in a room with a balcony looking over the boat and out to the ocean with an upgrade to the premium lounge. WOW!!!!! If you afford to splash out on the upgrade you absolutely MUST. First, the Breakfast was the most beautifully presented, wonderfully tasting gourmet delights: bircher muesli, amazing fruits, pastries and then all the fabulous hot foods, and much much more. YUMMY. The afternoon tea, well where do I start, mini breadrolls filled with smoked salmon, cream cheese and capers, or maybe you would like the onces with roasted vegetables and fetta. 10 or more differenttypes of cakes and slices and lots of finger sandwiches, canape boats filled with goodies and tea and coffee. And just incase you haven't stuffed yourself enough, pre-dinner drinks and canapes ( and like most of the reviewers who took up the upgrade option, this wasn't pre-dinner, it was DINNER usually), French Champagne, spirits, fine wine and wonderful hot and cold canapes.Okay Okay enough with the food I hear you say, the SERVICE in this place will ruin your thoughts on service in any other hotel. The Staff at Mina are not only the most friendly lovely people, they can not help you enough, and they truly look like they enjoy their jobs. The ROOM was fantastic, hard wood furniture and a bathroom that you could hold a ballroom dancing comp in ITS SO BIG and beautiful. The Amenities smell DIVINE, and my mother loved taking them all each morning, so when the room was made up we got plenty more, (I think she is still using them there was so much).All in all this was the most wonderful place I have ever been (the hotel and just Dubai in itself) if you are thinking of coming here, please dont just think, GO ....... YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT!!!!	
May 5 2007 	Luxury on a grand scale.	Just arrived back from the Mina and yes if you want something five star plus then you won't go far wrong. The room was large and very Arabian in design the bed was to die for just amazing so comfy we did not want to get up and as a result missed brekkie a couple of times. Unfortunately the weather too hot for any tours and very humid , we should have gone a couple of weeks earlier when apparently it was more bearable. The staff were great and a big thankyou to Kate in the Bahri bar and Win who made us feel especially welcome. The Bahri bar in the Mina a salam is great for pre- dinner drinks or a late night cocktail with fantastic views of the Burj al arab. Zheng Hes chinese restaurant is wonderful at the Mina a Salam and Pier Chic ( Al Quasr Hotel) for a seafood meal book ahead try to get a table outside for views of the Burj. Now for the downside and yes there a couple of negatives.......Had a slight problem with the Russian element staying at the Hotel ( and there are a lot of Russians in Dubai) we found most of them had an attitude and felt it was their right to be rude and arrogant to the staff I found it hard to watch at times and the staff just have to take it and they obviously find it difficult For a few days of luxury it's a must but I won't be going back as after speaking to many of the staff I was shocked to learn that they are on a pittance as the cost of meal for two at the Hotel is what they earn in a month it's a case of the very poor waiting hand and foot on the likes of me and I really don't feel comfortable with that.	
Apr 29 2007 	Everything one could want...	Spent 6 night with my wife and 10mths old daughter at this lovely hotel. Everything about it was spot on... the staff were always there to help, the food was great, the childcare facilities were excellent - Sinbad is a great place to take the kids!! With a little child we were not exactly mobile but given the proximity of the Souk and access to the facilities of Al Qasr we never felt like we needed to leave the resort. We will definately be going back...	
Apr 19 2007 	Best Place Ever	far the best hotel in dubia, unbelievable rooms with the best nights sleep i've ever had, the water boats take you every where with no charge, food is excellent wherever you go,my daughter put her free slippers in her case the day we got there, next day a new pair so you can imagine how many she brought home. We visited the 7* hotel in the sea, but wre glad we didn't stay there. We both felt uncomfortable going to the Gold souk as two ladies on their own was frowned upon, but that was our only downside, This is a must do holiday before you die	
Apr 19 2007 	Perfect for relaxing and being pampered	We have recently returned from a week long holiday to Mina a Salam, part of Madinat Jumeirah, Dubai. This was our second visit, we went in April 2006 and stayed in both Mina a Salam and Al Qasr but decided to stick with just Mina a Salam this year as we preferred it.The room cost had gone up quite a lot over the 12 months and whilst the standard of the hotel had been maintained, it did have a slightly more commercial feel to it eg they have started to take photos of guests at key spots around the complex and are selling them. To us this had a sort of money making/cheap feeling to it but others may like it. The hotel itself is spotlessly clean, there is always some of the thousands of Jumeirah staff members tidying and cleaning. The staff are courteous, helpful and just can’t do enough for you. We found this throughout the whole of the resort.Room very tasteful, Arabian style and have been exactly the same both years – they are obviously all identical! They are a good size with a nice balcony for early evening drinks in your bath robe. Comfortable large beds, soft sheets and pillows, changed on a daily basis along with a constant supply of clean towels (I dread to see their laundry piles!). All the usual extras in the room plus more – they even light candles in the bathroom at night and leave animals on the bed made out of towels! Tip – although beer &amp; spirits are fairly reasonably priced, we found wine &amp; champagne to be expensive. We bought some bottles from duty free and kept it in our mini-bar so we could have a relaxing drink on the balcony before we went out for dinner.We had a few little niggles whilst we were there – toilet roll and shower gel not replaced during daily clean when finished, correct herbal pillow not delivered when ordered but these were quickly rectified when we called down. On arrival we also gave our new address details which had not been updated by check-out, another small thing but something you would have expected to be done by a hotel of this status.Beach great – On arrival at the beach a member of staff was with you immediately to find you a bed, parasol and then lay out your towels and cushions – bliss. They were attentive all day fetching drinks &amp; food when required, there was even someone collecting jelly fish that had been washed up on the beach! We had breakfast every morning in Al Muna, a buffet style breakfast. The choice was endless and everything was fresh. There was everything from dumplings to fresh fruit to full English to crème brulee and Belgian chocolates!We ate at various restaurants both within Madinat Jumeirah and also out at other hotels. We didn’t have a bad meal whilst we were there. It was my birthday on the Wednesday so we went to Al Mahara at the Burj Al Arab. What a fantastic evening, attentive but discreet staff, beautiful food and a birthday cake to round off the evening. A birthday that I will always remember.Tip – If you are there for a special occasion then let them know when booking. They do remember and extras like the birthday cake make it very special.Tip – If there is a restaurant that you particularly want to visit then book ahead. On arrival last year, we struggled to book the restaurants that we wanted to visit so this time we emailed the concierge about 8 weeks before and they booked and confirmed everything.As keen fitness swimmers we used The Quay Healthclub nearly every day, it was lovely to have a break from the heat during the day and to work off some of the excess calories. The pool and changing areas were spotlessly clean and the pool was often empty, real luxury. It also had everything you need (hair products, deodorant, moisturisers, even toothbrush and toothpaste!). There is lots to do within the complex or it’s very easy to just do nothing but relax. At least you must go on an Abra tour around all the hotels. The drivers are very helpful and informative. We were took on a moonlight tour around the complex and was given a full tour of which celebrity had stayed where – lots of fun.Overall we highly recommend Mina a Salam. After visiting various hotels in the area including the Burj, it is the most relaxed of them all and has everything you need for a luxury and relaxing break.What is mind-boggling is that none of this existed 7 years ago – just how amazing is the Palm going to be when it is completed in a few years time?? I’m looking forward to visiting already!	
Apr 17 2007 	Great hotel	I have returned from a 3 day stay at the Mina A Salam in Dubai. The hotel is out of this world. We stayed in a Premium Leisure Club Room which I would strongly recommend. This is well worth the money. The price included breakfast in the Club Lounge, afternoon tea, free soft drinks throughout the day and a 2 hour champagne reception each night.Also included with the hotel is free access to the Wild Wadi water Park. The hotel offers free buggy service from the hotel to the water park as it can be quite a walk in the heat.The pool area and beach are lovely and the Mina A salam offers an excellent view of the Burj Al Arab.At the moment I would recommend staying there as you cannot see or hear any of the major building work taking place in Dubai.The only thing I would be wary of is checking your bill when you pay. We prebooked our hotel room and paid directly to the hotel when we arrived. It took a while to sort out the bill as the hotel tried to advise us of additional charges which we were not quoted at the time of booking - not the best thing when you have just come off a 7hour overnight flight.Apart from that we had a superb stay, staff were great, food was great and rooms were lovely and clean.	
Apr 11 2007 	amazing hotel	Quite simply an amazing hotel - fabulous location, lovely pools and beach side facilities. We were spoilt rotten on the last leg of our honeymoon and didn't want to leave. On returning back on the first day we were greeted with champagne, chocolates, fruit and delicious strawberries dipped in chocolate - a very nice touch and very much appreciated!Everything was at a fantastically high standard. The only minor issuewas that staff were so attentive it was almost too attentive at times. When we just wanted to go for a walk, everyone kept asking where we were going - they seemed to be confused by the fact we just wanted to walk rather than be taken somewhere by boat or by golf buggy!If you want luxury - this is it.	
Apr 3 2007 	Fabulous luxurious amazing........	This is an absolutely amazing resort. We have stayed in a few great hotels, and this one is definitely up there. The staff are very professional and low key, which we like.We got to check in to our room early and the room itself was very clean, a good size and more importantly had great products in the bathroom!!! We looked out on to the Burj, and even went there for a visit, and I much prefer the elegance of the Mina over the gauche Burj. But that's my personal opinion!Breakfast is great, anything you could hope to eat is catered for, but quick tip, stay in the main dining area in the actual hotel, don't let them push you to the area outside, it's not as good.You get boats called abras around the resort, which are great at night when all the summer houses are lit up, it's really pretty. The souk is good too, but don't expect a bargain, it's full of tourists.The resort has a private bus that takes you to the gold souks and the mall. All in all, this is a fabulous place to spend your holiday, I have nothing bad to say, it is really wonderful!! The pool, the beach, the resort, the staff, all 10/10!	
Mar 26 2007 	Fabulous hotel	Having had the pleasure of staying in many hotels throughout the world it was a joy to stay at Mina A' Salam.The service was second to none, the staff took time and care to smile and speak, our room was fantastic - like an Arabian adventure and the facilities available at the sister hotels completed the experience.The Madinat complex offers a great choice of bars and restaurants (as well as overpriced shops) and the beach is raked every day!	
Mar 23 2007	Great service but too busy - a bit like a Spanish bargain bucket holiday	I agree with all the previous posters, except that the main pool is so busy a crowded, it had the feel of a cheap Spanish resort.The beach was spacious, but the main pool just let the place down.Also, the food in the Souck restaurants was poor quality, rushed, and with sloppy service.	
Mar 22 2007 	Excellent	We stayed at Mina Salam for four nights at the beginning of March, and found it to be a fabulous hotel. Everyone was very friendly, and very helpful. Staff always on hand to offer advice.The whole experience was fantastic, from the rooms, to the restaurants and food, we could'nt have wished for anything better.Will certainly be returning.	
Mar 22 2007 	Difficult to leave	This beachside five star plus hotel is located in the Madinat Jumeirah, in the shadow of the Burj al-Arab (which looks much better from the outside). Its faux Arab decor is more restrained than that of its younger sister Al Qasr at the other end of the Madinat. We stayed for three nights in an elegant and well equipped 'executive' room, which brings some useful privileges. The Madinat is a peaceful water linked environment with 20 + restaurants and an elegant if overpriced modern souq. The atmosphere is not quite Venetian but a good take on it. The restaurants and 'private dining' are excellent and the staff friendly and competent. Given Dubai's appalling traffic jams, the Mina a' Salam is not a good base for the business district or for wandering around the 'old city' but it is a marvellous chill-out destination. Tip - book well ahead for the better restaurants in the hotel and the Madinat There are some minor irritants e.g. a surprisingly congested poolside (but a spacious beach area) and an awkwardly designed breakfast buffet in the Executive Club.. But the overall experience is excellent. Highly recommended for visitors who are not on a tight budget.	
Mar 16 2007 	Cannot fault this hotel	We have just returned from the Mina A'Salem afer a stay in the Maldives. We stayed here for 4 nights and wish it could have been 14! This hotel is faultless, and that is hard to say about anywhere! The rooms are excellent, arabic style. We stayed in a deluxe room with a view overlooking the canal, sea and the Palms. The service is excellent, the staff just can't do enough for you, but without being too over the top. As other reviewers have said, the complex has 42 restaurants, so there is plenty of choice. I would recommend the Meat Factory if you like steaks - they are superb. It is best to book restaurants before leaving the UK especially if you are going in school hols etc. We knew 2 restaurants that we wanted to eat in and the concierge recommended the other 2. We just emailed the hotel before leaving the UK. The canal trip around the resort is good fun and unusual.We have stayed at the Jumeirah Beach Hotel previously in Dubai and one lunchtime we took a buggy ride down there, but we came straight back to the Mina A'Salam - it just seemed more peaceful, which is strange because there is actually more to do at the Mina A'Salam!	
Mar 13 2007 	ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS	Following recommendations on this site I took my twin daughters to the MIna for a surprise 18th birthday trip. There are insufficient superlatives to describe our wonderful week. My daughters are coeliacs and the hotel bent over backwards to accommodate us in the buffet restaurants, also a surprise cake for the birthday celebration.Highest praise for every member of staff we encountered. The water taxi drivers were so helpful and informative. Beach immaculate. We visited each of the hotels in the Madinat Jumeirah complex including the Burj and can only say wow! Would recommend a guided city tour (Alpha Tours booked locally) and the desert safari also a quick cab ride to the Mall of the Emirates. Planning the next trip now.	
Mar 11 2007 	Excellent Hotel	When I booked this hotel, I requested an early check in. We actually arrived at 6am after flying overnight, far earlier than expected. The only negative thing about this hotel was the unfriendly check in staff. It was 6am though. We went off for breakfast and got a call at 7.30 to say the room was ready. Were we grateful!!! Got a few hours sleep and were ready for all the resort had to offer.1.Pool and beach area was very spacious. Very comfortable sun loungers (with pillows!), lots of beach towels, cooling lollipops and face cloths. Nice long beach to walk along.2. Hotel adjacent to souk with casual restaurants, bars and cafes including starbucks and la costa, all much cheaper than expected.3.Bedrooms Spacious with lots of dark wood (not to our taste but very &quot;arabian&quot;)Big bathroom with bath and shower and seperate toilet. Everything supplied including soap, shampoo, conditioner, body lotion, bath salts, cotton buds, sewing set, make up pads and shoe mitt. Iron and ironing board.Lovely view of the Burj. Copious bottles of water renewed twice daily. Bowl of fresh fruit every day. Clean towels and linen twice daily.4. Indoor pool and gym.Absolutely immaculate. Supplies of everything you might need, down to toothpaste and toothbrush. Fabulous!Although this hotel is Very Expensive, I think it was worth it as the location and service is second to none!!,	
Mar 7 2007 	Pure class! elegance! the true paradise!	This was the most amazing holiday of all time. i have travelled alot of places and iv never come across service, views, clenliness like the mina. my family and i never wanted to leave the hotel during the day. you have the souk ( shopping). a beach where they serve you complementary treats throughout the day, beautiful sunloungers and poster beds on the beach. it was amazing. i walked around the first day repeatedly saying o my god!!! the rooms are amazing. so spacious. very well planned out. the bathrooms are big with a wash room. shower room and separate toilet. the staff always dropped in treats of fruit in the morning and chocolates on your bed in the evening. the breakfast is a ful spread. every single piece of food you could imagine. the boat taxis around the hotel are so romantic especially in the evening going for a meal across the water. i really cant descibe half of the thing it was amazing. do not stay in the jumeirah next door its the same price but not a patch on the mina. !!!	
Feb 27 2007 	Amazing fantastic and gorgeous!!!!!!!!	My boyfriend and I stayed in the hotel for a week, we have also stayed in the Dar Al Masyaf summer houses. Both Amazing. Impeccable service. The staff are extremely helpful and friendly, treat you with the utmost respect. Rooms are decent size, big and very clean. Our view was beautiful, overlooked the lake and the ocean. We loved admiring the complex as we travelled round on the little water taxi's (small boats) that take you around the complex. The beach is wonderful, very private, they give you free fruit on sticks and ice lollies. Little golf buggy's run up and down between the other hotels on the resort (Burj, Al Qasr &amp; Dar Al Masyaf) also up to the Jumeirah Beach hotel. It is so easy to get anywhere. We ate in many of the top restaurants - again the food and service were amazing. We had treatments in the Talise Spa which were also fantastic, you are made to feel so relaxed.From the minute you get there, you start an incredibly special holiday. Would be extremely difficult to find better than this hotel and resort. We have just booked up to go back ! Can't wait !	
Feb 17 2007 	Absolutely superb Madinat Jumeirah	I can't believe that anyone cannot enjoy this complex!We (myself, husband and 2 boys aged 15 and 13) have just returned from 5 amazing days here. Everything about the hotels is just stunning. The architecture is beautiful and so much thought went into the initial design. We took many abra rides around just to admire theplace. At night the Madinat is simply beautiful - the Al Qasr is even more stunning than the Mina.We had rooms looking across the complex towards the Palm and Marina - a stunning view, which when completely lit up at night with live music playing across the canal, was just beautiful. The rooms are just as pictured and described here on many reviews. We found the staff to be very helpful and so friendly. Every nationality seems to be here, but all spoke very good English and the service from everyone was outstanding.The restaurants do get booked up, but you are warned of this on arrival. We easily got seated in the Souk restaurants without reservations, even on Valentine's night. The fact that there are over 42 restaurants, cafes and bars shows how popular the place is with locals. Alcohol prices are high, but you are in a 5 star hotel in a Muslim country, so what do you expect?The Souk was great fun and it was good to have so much to do for our teenagers. We also did the desert trip, Wild Wadi, the Arabic evening on Tuesdays, Hard Rock Cafe, Wonderbus tour and visited the marina.The boys rated it as the best holiday (perhaps! Disney World was rated a joint winner) and are pestering to return in October.We just loved it!In short, an absolutely wonderful holiday which I can't recommend highly enough.	
Feb 11 2007	Fantastic!	This place is unbeliveable! The nicest hotel I have ever stayed at, and I've been to many 5* hotels. The service was impeccable, great location, lots of things to do. The room was great. We had a balcony overlooking the water and the Burj al Arab. Unfortunately we only got to stay here one night, and at $500/night it was totally worth every penny. As we were leaving, the hotel general manager came out and thanked us for our stay. You even get a personally signed letter from him welcoming you to the hotel. A class act place. FYI, they have a golf cart that can shuttle you to the Burj al Arab and you do not have to pay any fees to get in.	
Feb 11 2007 	One of the best	Booked this hotel after a lot of careful research as I was concerned about the building work. The only way you would know building work was going on in Dubai from this area is the view of the cranes in the distance. What can I say that hasnt already been said? It is a top class hotel with top drawer staff. We booked the premium leisure which was well worth the extra, collected by limo at the airport, private reception. Separate breakfast area, afternoon tea, happy hour (which is actually two hours). Large rooms with lovely views. The golf buggies and water taxis are a great way to see the area and we rarely had to wait more than two minutes to get anywhere. Burj al arab has to be seen and you have to have cocktails on the 24th floor of the Jumeirah Beach Hotel, view is breathtaking. We looked at all of the hotels in this complex and would say that you couldnt go wrong staying at any one of them. Its not cheap but then luxury rarely is!	
Feb 7 2007 	Wow - asolutely gorgeous	We stayed at the Mina Salaam for 3 days soon after we got married and before we moved into our new apartment in Dubai and it was the most beautiful experience ever. Our honemoon was postponed to December but the 3 days spent at Mina Salaam more than made up for the delay. The room was a massive size and the luxury bathrooms had an insanely huge shower cubicle as well as a bath tub (candles provided). The most juciest fruit was presentd with a lovely cake to welcome us. We had an ocean view room (higher priced, but totally worth it!). The staff were courteous and were ready to go out on a limb to make us feel welcome and comfortable. The abra rides were such a pleasure to take. The friendly boatmen, would mouth of history of the hotel minutes on end even though it was built only a few years ago. I arrived at the hotel a glittering bride, all decked out. When we go back sometimes for a meal or shisha on the Morroccan terrace - they still remember us! By the way that morroccon terrace has the best shisha in town!	
Feb 7 2007 	Amazing!!!	This hotel was spectacular.Every member of staff you come accross greets you and checks yo uare happyYou will never have to worry about not getting a spot by the pool or parasolLots of guests but it feels like you are the only ones there. Plenty of kids who all seem to have great funThe beach is beautifulYou are truly spoilt for choice with foodThe abras are very romantic and a special touchI want to go back NOW!!!	
Feb 4 2007	Mina a Salam my favorte hotel in the world	We stayed in Mina A Salam last month of may and just loved it,so on our way to Maldives this January we desided to make a 3 day stopover in Dubai,just to stay at Mina again.From the minute you arrive and greeted personally at the entrance until you leave,you just enjoy every second.The lobby is wonderful with livemusic,fresh flowers and staff have beautiful uniforms.Rooms have lovely view of Burj al Arab( lovely to look at but I do not like the interiour).The housekeeping leave you chocolate on the bed at night,fruitbasket,boxes of dates and arabian sweets,ice in the bucket every night and candles in the bathroom,and newspaper of your choise on the door.Breakfast wonderful with nice details as camel-milk,table with all sorts of chocolate,cinnamon,maple and lemonbutter for the croissants etc etc.I can spend hours and hours wandering around in the souk,lovely shops and so many good restaurants.I have a problem-I compare all other hotels where I stay with Mina a Salam-and they all loose out.MINA IS THE BEST HOTEL.	
Feb 1 2007	great hotel lousy weather	We returned to the Mina having spent a week there last february, and were pleased to find the standards hadn,t changed. This hotel has so much going for it - a lovely beach just a few yards away, fantastic staff, a great atmosphere, and of course the 42 restaurants and bars dotted along the waterway and in the souk.Last year the one negative was the amount of cash I spent eating and drinking, but by using the non hotel restaurants and not having wine with every meal the amount was greatly reduced. The hotel itself is no more expensive than any other 5* plus hotel and certainly cheaper than a UK equivalent.We would highly recommend having a club executive room as this entitles you to a private transfer, fast track through immigration, breakfast in the club lounge overlooking the beach, free soft drinks, afternoon tea, and free drinks ( including champagne ) from 6pm - 8pm. It gives your stay a special feel and is well worth the money.The rooms are well appointed and are a decent size - just. The bathrooms are excellent. This year we had room on the balcony for a table and chairs which was nice as last year the balcony was very narrow with only enough room to stand. We would now ask to change rooms if we were given one of the latter. There is ample wardrobe and cupboard space and the rooms are cleaned twice a day and there is a turn down service if required. There are no problems with noise at any time.There are various restaurants including an award winning chinese where you can sit outside along the waterway enjoying the view of the Burj with its mesmerising light show. The bar is lively with entertainment and seating both inside and out. The service can be a little slow at busy times.All in all, the Mina al Salem is a fabulous place to stay. Some reviewers prefer the Al Qasr next door but having eaten and had drinks there and also a good look around the Mina gets our vote. There is a better atmosphere, especially aroung the lobby. There,s a real buzz with people coming and going, meeting friends and colleagues or having tea. There is often some background entertainment which is very pleasant.The only thing which wasn,t good was the weather - we had a day and a half on the beach. At all other times it was very windy and it even rained! To cap it all, on the only day ( our last ) that we got to spend time on the beach my wife broke a toe whilst we were messing around paddling on the waters edge. She was immediately cared for by the life guards who escorted us to the hotel clinic ( they have an in house doctor ) and she was given treatment and medication at no charge. Just the kind of standards you can expect from a wonderful hotel.	
Jan 31 2007 	Mina A' Salam's Wonderful Ocean Suite	Mina A' Salam is a wonderful, five star hotel. Though we stayed at the Burj before, we were still extremely suprised at this hotel. It had lots of WOW factor-that being that we arrived when it was pretty new. When we arrived, they greeted us, and then escorted us to the club. The club had a selection of drinks and food when we arrived near 12AM. There were plenty of games for the kids and all in all, it was a wonderful club.Next, they escorted us to our room. It was a little bit far though. Using a golden circle key which they waved at the sensor at, they opened our room. The tv was on and the whole room's lights were all turned on. Our rollaways were there and there was even a gretting at a table for the kids. There were also chocolate chip cookies, M&amp;M's, toberlones, chocolates, etc. for the kids on a large, beautifully presented platter. Also, there were lots of complimentary bottles of water in the room too.The beds were excellent. Even the kids didn't complain about the beds at all.The room has some quirky features....such as a drum in the room. It was amusement for the kids though. It also had a large balcony facing the ocean and the Burj Al Arab.The breakfast at the club was wonderful. Their made to order eggs (and omelets too!) were yummy. Unfortunately, you could only have one made to order eggs. The rest of the breakfast was aplenty. Fresh fruit, delicious baked beans, and a great selection of meat and pastries.The health club right next to Mina A' Salam has a enormous pool (olympic sized) and a smaller pool. Mina A' Salam's outdoor pool wasn't as good though.There are boats for the waterways so you can go to the other parts of Madinat. If you want to go to the Burj, a complimentary buggy will take you there and to the other Jumeriah properties ( Burj, Wild Wadi, and Jumeriah Beach Resort). The souk was plentiful with lots of shops. The restaurants at Madinat Jumeriah were also good.One day, we wanted to change a room....so we asked a tour of another suite. They arranged it quickly and then we took the tour. We didn't want the room after deciding though. Also, one day we wanted some more bananas. When we went back to the room, there were actually a BUNCH of bananas, tea candles, and two fluffy pillows in return. WOW!We went back to the airport in a nicely appointed Range Rover. All in all, Mina A' Salam really is almost the same as the Burj Al Arab, just with different service and style.	
Jan 24 2007 	Honeymoon Heaven - Top Class Hotel	We have just returned from an 11 night stay in this Hotel as our Honeymoon. From the moment we pulled up outside this hotel it was just class. They came out to us and welcomed and we were ushered into the reception, one of the most outstanding i have ever seen. We were presented with cold face cloths and a drink of some sort, not sure what it was but it went down well.Our room was lovely with a class view of the Burj. That evening the door bell rang and it was a porter with champange, chocolate strawberries, chocolates and a card from the hotel wishing us an enjoyable stay in their hotel on our honeymoon. The breakfast in the morning is a biggest buffet i have every seen, you could easily eat enough there to do you the day. We ate out every night in all the different restaurants, i can recommend the Meat Company, Phai Thai, Left Bank (nice bar as well). It was also my birthday while we were there and they left a cake in my room and another card wishing me a happy birthday. We went to the Burj for afternoon tea just to say we did it. It was good experience although very pricy it was 500 Dirhams for the 2 of us, you get finger sandwiches, small cakes and chocolates - you should do it for the experience. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough to anyone thinking of going there either for a holiday or on honeymoon - we will defentely be back some day.	
Jan 22 2007 	Superb MIna A' Salam	The Hotel – Mina A’ SalamThe Mina is part of a 3 hotel resort employing 3500 staff that can’t do enough for you. The Mina being the oldest, followed by the Al Qasr and Dar al Masyaf. A Souk containing all manner of shops, restaurants (at all price points) and bars sits between the Mina and Al Qasr.Deluxe RoomThe deluxe room we had at the Mina a’ Salem was fine. Typical of hotels in the region, in fact very similar to the one that we had a couple of years ago at the One and Only Royal Mirage. Bathroom feels somewhat luxurious while the bedroom itself is Arabic in design (not opulent by any means) and the bed with feather pillows is extremely comfortable (pictured).Although we had a few problems with our room, (air con and the like), faults were fixed very promptly.We upgraded to an ocean view at the cost of about £25 a day. I wouldn’t do that again. The Ocean view includes the hotel waterway which while picturesque, can also mean no view of the Burg Al Arab. Those that didn’t take this option, are “forced” into a view of the Burg Al Arab (including its daily firework show), the Jumeriah Beach hotel, some of the Persian Gulf and some scrubland. For the saving, I’d take the latter over the view from our room (pictured). Note that as we changed rooms, our 1st room did not have a view of the Burg Al Arab.BeachThe large beach is very well maintained (unlike that of the One and Only Royal Mirage – at least from 2 years ago), with cool turquoise water and many comfortable beds. Service is excellent for beach drinks, food, towels and water sports. The hotel employ staff to comb the beach daily for stones, rubbish etc. The standard of safety is extremely high thanks to the high number of life guards that take their job seriously. Even to the extent that they are tested regularly by “swimmers in distress”.Hotel PoolRelatively small at Mina a’ Salam. Guests are able to use the pool at the Al Qasr and the other small pools dotted around the resort. In my opinion, the pools at the One and Only Royal Mirage are better because the offer one the chance of more privacy by the pool due to the shapes of their pools.Breakfast :-I don’t do buffets. Except, I do now. Think of whatever you really love for breakfast. All the fruits, all the cereals, all the meats, all the pastries, everything. Excellent. £20 each if not included in your package (AED 130).SummaryLarge resort style hotels are not for us….Well, they used to not be for us…. The convenience of excellent restaurants in the hotels and the adjacent Souk, make moving around the resort easy, whether by boat (fun every time over the 3.5 km of waterways) and available to hotel quests only.There is little difference between the deluxe rooms at the Mina and Al Qasr (or the One and only Royal Mirage). If I were advising you where to stay between the two, I would say that if prices were equal, if you want to be nearer a large pool, stay at the Al Qasr. Don’t worry if you stay at the Mina as we did. Someone told me that the Mina is a bit tired. It’s not. Maybe the odd carpet might need replacing in a while, but it didn’t bother me.Bottom line, is that the Mina and Al Qasr are not small boutique hotels that make you feel like you are holiday on your own. The Dar Al Masyaf is more like that. These are large hotels, that have great service, great food and are able to look after you and your family very well.Tips :-Take a low room number (less distance to walk from the lift).Don’t bother upgrading to an ocean view.Some ocean view rooms though catch the afternoon sun.Eat at Segreto – Italian, expensive but better than Gordon Ramsay’s Verre.Eat at The Noodle House. Cheap!	
Jan 6 2007 	Very Good	An excellent hotel. The service was great and for once I have no complaints. Although it is costly, it is well worth it and in my opinion beats the Burj hands down. Breakfast buffet was great and liked the short boat journey to the 'souk'. Nice little extra touches like handing out freeice lollies and cold towels on the beach.Would definitely reccomend	
Jan 3 2007 	Mina a Salam	My Wife &amp; I stayed at the Mina a Salam in November 2006. This was our second visit to Dubai and as the hotel was so good the first time around we went back to the same hotel!So firstly, when you book your holiday to Dubai, book the Maharbrah Service also. You will be met just after you get off the plane, taken through passport control (missing the queues) and onto the baggage reclaim. Then a private transfer to one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in (and I have stayed in many as I used to travel alot on business).The hotel itself is part of three hotels but the Mina a Salam is by far the best for couples looking for a relaxing break. Eating at the Hotel - Breakfast has a wide choice of international food from French through to Japanese.Lunch -We had lunch on the beach..very nice indeed.Dinner - There is a wide choice of very good restaurants but in my opinion most are overpriced and avoid Pier Chic as the service is poor and the food is not much better.However, if you want a great eating experience, go to La Villa at the Sofitel next to the Deira Shopping Mall. The food was the best we had on both visits to Dubai.The beach is great and made better with a Mocktail in you hand.We can highly recommend this hotel.Two things worth noting to start with.. 1. The Mina a Salam is well away from any building work.2. If you are going to visit the Deira area at night, leave early to get there as the traffic is worse than the M4 into London on a Monday morning!	
Dec 18 2006 	Coming hone	Second time, again decembre and againevery thing absolutly ok. Also thefood at the souk, spec. &quot;Japengo&quot;and &quot;Noodlehouse&quot;- really good places.Best regards to the staff of the Mina a Salam,good boys and girls and friendly&quot;Dauh-captains&quot;. The next bookingwill follows!	
Dec 12 2006 	Amazing	We stayed there on our way back from Mauritius as part of our honeymoon. Stayed for three nights and wish we had booked five. It is definitely the best hotel we have ever stayed in. Amazing choice of restaurants and everything you could possibly need and more at your fingertips.We used the Six Senses Spa which is expensive but so worth it.....If you want pure luxury in faboulous surroudings, this is the hotel for you. I loved the fact that the hotel is not a towering forty floor building. Am not a big fan of heights so it really suited me. The only negative thing I would have to say is (which is more to do with the way we organised our flights) that we arrived early at the hotel (7am) after a night flight and had to wait nearly two hours for our room. If we are lucky enough to be able to afford to go back, we will be returning to this hotel and will be exploring more of Dubai.	
Nov 28 2006 	Second Time Around...	This was our second visit this year; we first stayed at the Mina in March this year and when the opportunity came to go back, we didnt hesitate!It was very comforting to find that all of the things that we valued so highly about this complex still stand true. The level of attention to detail and customer service are still absolutely second to none and worthy of praise. The rooms, particularly in Club Exec are exactly the way they should be. Concierge/Club Exec service again, is worth that little extra, it makes such a difference.A few things we did notice, probably because we went at a different time of the year; the whole complex (Mina, Al Qasr and Dar Al Masyaf) were completely booked out at 100% capacity, which meant that booking restaurant tables proved to be more than a little tricky. This meant spending Friday evening in Trader Vics, drinking cocktails and eating bar nibbles, which was a terrible hardship.... not! The remaining three nights, we were able to get tables in Pisces (seafood fine dining) Segreto (Italian fine dining and very very good it was too) and Zeng He's. We tried to book Verre at the Hilton Dubai Creek but unfortunately were unsuccessful. Club Exec reception tried their hardest, no blame can be laid at their door. The whole city was just very very busy.This brought two other observations with it. Firstly, it seemed that a lot of the other tourists we met this time around were much more sociable and chatty than back in March, which was highly refreshing -good manners and polite social conversation costs nothing and helps bring us all together, does it not? This time round we met some really nice people, whilst also (regrettably) observing the antics of some of what I would describe as the &quot;Football Shirt Brigade&quot; from (I presume) other hotels - not understanding that when you go into a fine dining restaurant that you're not going to get chips with everything and watching them trying to squirm out of their reservations - eitherway, they didnt spoil our trip. Again, many thanks to all concerned at the Six Senses, which in my humble opinion remains the best spa complex in the Middle East. Excellent service, good value.I'm certain that this is no way our last visit to the complex. Its just too indulgent and relaxing to miss out on. I'm 100% sure we will be back and I have no qualms whatsoever about continuing to reccomend what is one of the finest hotels I have ever stayed in.	
Oct 29 2006	Amazing	My girlfriend and i stayed here over my birthday and it was amazing. Go club exec and it will blow your mind. You get treated like royalty and the boats that take you from restaurent to restaurent are fantastic. We could go on forever about how greater time we had but we'll be here all day so just go. You will not be dissapointed	
Oct 28 2006 	The best hotel anywhere	My wife and I just finished a 7 day stay there, for some rest and relaxation following a stressful year.We have visited dozens of five star hotels all over the world over the last 10 years or so - the Mina A Salam is the best outside of the UK in our humble opinion (Pennyhill Park is the best in the UK!).This place is so amazing I don't know where to start, but here goes:- amazing service - friendly and attentive staff who really seem to care for you - they want you to have a great stay- superb facilities - the restaurants in the nextdoor Souk Madinat are fabulous, if a little pricey (more than 100 pounds per meal for two with average wine)- great rooms - I would recommend an Arabian Executive Room - cheaper than a sea view room, but with a sea view anyway!- the Executive Club - basically entitles you to canapes, breakfast, afternoon tea and drinks etc every day, in a child-free environment...very classy and highly recommendedIn summary, although not cheap (c. 400 pounds per night in high season) this hotel is the best hotel you can imagine (as is it's sister hotel, the nextdoor Al Qasr) - it is everything one wants from a luxury hotel - unpretentious and down to earth world-class service with amazing facilities.	
Oct 24 2006	Had a fab time on our first year anniversary and can't wait to go back!!	My husband and I visited Dubai for the first time in Oct (29th Sept to 8th Oct) to celebrate our first year anniversary.Haing read such great reviews we were both very excited and were certainly not disappointed by what we found. The hotel is absolutely amazing - the staff are very friendly without overdoing it and our room was superb with a wonderful view of the Burg.The beach is gorgeous and private and the sea was like getting into a warm bath. We also went to the gym every day which was again perfect and had every machine you could possibly need or want.In terms of things to do and places to eat - there are so many resturants you are spoilt for choice.My recommendations are:-Segreto - superb Italian with great service; The Meat Co - great American diner; Go West - Mexican at Jumeriah Beach; Ushna - nice Indian; Bahri Bar - in the Mina and great for evening drinks. The Souk is great for a stroll after dinner with lots of quaint little shops.Although we went during Ramadan we didn't feel that it impacted the quality of the holiday - drinks were not served during the day and the Souk closed from 11am to 5pm but other than that we didn't really notice.We visited the Burg Al Arab Sky Bar for drinks (after 11pm you don't have a min spend) and were quite surprised by the decor!We travelled into the city centre one day (again a free shuttle) to look at gold jewellery and found it wasn't that much cheaper than the UK but worth a trip none the less.My husband bought me a beautiful diamond and amethyst ring for our anniversary from the Emirates Mall as the number of shops and their ranges are amazing.We also treated ourselves to a couples massage at the Sixth Senses Spa - bliss! Book early as they get very busy but it's worth every penny. We used the Arabrahs (little boats) to travel around which was perfect and felt a little like being in Venice (just much hotter). The weather was around 30 degrees and a little humid but everything is air conditioned inside so it really hits you when you first leave the hotel.We have both been on many beach holidays (Fiji, Phi Phi Island, Aruba) and stayed at many luxurious hotels all over the world and the Mina is certainly up there on my top two and I really can't wait to go back. It was the most perfect place for us to spend our anniversary and a trip I will never forget.	
Oct 12 2006 	Mina A Salam - VIP treatment best hotel resort in Dubai	We stayed 5 nights at the Mina A Salam. Buffet breakfast every morning with a nice coffee / latte / capacinno / teaHotel staff very friendly and extremely helpful. Rooms were very spacious, had own safe, mini bar, twin sinks, huge tub, walk-in wet shower room, separate toilet and dressing table, large balcony and most importantly had air conditioning unit. Complimentaries availabe to guest were bottled mineral water in your rooms from housekeeping, during September free entry to Wild Wadi Water Park (guests get free towel and can enter the park 1 hr prior to opening to the public) , free fruit and ice lollies served on the beach whilst relaxing on the sun lounger and if one was feeling too hot - you get given a cold wet flannel to cool you down. All swimming pools and the beach have lifeguards operating from 7.30am - 10pm. Free golf buggy rides to and from within the hotel resort (Jumeirah Madinat hotels) and Dhow boats if you don't fancy walking in the scorching sun. Free bus shuttle service to the Mall of Emirates and the Gold Souks. Food was fantastic. Plenty of restaurants to choose from. If you enjoy a nice piece of steak I strongly recommend you dine at the Brewsters located in the Jumeirah Souk Madinat. Also visit The Wharf - food was delicious. Fab cocktail drinks throughout the resort. We will definitely go back again.	
Oct 3 2006	Perfect Mina A Salam	Stayed at the Mina A Salam for three nights 11th-13th Sept 2006 and were overwhelmed by the staff and property. The outside temperature was approx 40 deg but everywhere inside was beautifully airconditioned. We paid a little extra to include the executive/premium leisure lounges which gave us a superb breakfast, afternoon tea and pre dinner drinks and canapes with all the trimming. Consequently we didn't need to buy dinner! The property and meandering waterways are true to Arab design and very pleasant to the eye. Close to the Burg Al Arab we were allowed free access between 11am and noon and 4pm-5pm for an unescorted look around this amazing hotel. Also staying at the Mina A Salam we were able to visit the Jumeriah Beach Hotel and use their facilities. An impressive building but we found it way too busy for us but appeared very child friendly for those with families. I would advise the Desert dunes and BBQ tour and if you have any interest in horses then the Royal Stables tour is a must. For us the Mina A Salam was absolutely perfect and without a question this is where we will stay when we return. I'd like to give it a 7 star rating if I could.	
Sep 25 2006 	One of the best hotels in the world	Having stayed in various 5 star deluxe hotels around the world, I can easily say that this is on of the best I have stayed in. It is in a great location, right on the beach and close to attractions like the waterpark, Malls of the Emirates, the ski slope and Burj al Arab. The hotel is well designed and has great facilities, nice beach with sun loungers and beach towels, fantastic health club with 25m indoor pool and proper gym equipment and a choice of probably 40 restaurants across the 3 hotels and the Madinat Souk. The room was great, one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in, with amazing plump, soft pillows. Service was excellent, nothing seemed to be too much trouble. Would definitely go back and recommend it to anyone going to Dubai, who can afford the rates	
Sep 24 2006	Amazing	We went to Duabi for the first part of our holiday Dubai/Maldives, this hotel was absolutley stunning. From the moment we stepped out of our car on arrival to the minute we left. The service was out of this world. I have stayed in hotels all over the world, several caliming to be the best. All i can say is this beats them all hands down. The beach and waterpark were superb as was all of the restaurants around the Souk, especially 'Taste of Arabia', Excellent. Can't wait to go back, wouldn't think of booking anywhere else.	
Sep 20 2006 	Superb 5 star resort	We just returned (from honeymoon) from Mina A'Salam. It was the second leg of our Mauritius/Dubai trip. All we can say are positive things about the Mina A'Salam and the whole Madinat Jumeirah resort. For those of you who dont know, the Mina is one of three hotels in one giant resort called the Madinat Jumeirah which is a mock Arabian city, consisting of 2 hotels and then villas.Anyway on arrival in the immaculate Dubai airport, we were whisked to the hotel in a new E-class merc! Upon reaching the hotel we were amazed, it truly is a top 5 star hotel. The room itself was huge with a large balcony. Just as a reference point, we stayed in a suite at the popular and well known 5 star Melia Don Pepe in Marbella. The standard room in the Mina was the same size as the suite in the Melia Don Pepe!We then took a trip around the hotel resort in a water taxi! Thats right! A water taxi! Its like a little Venice. To get to the restaurants and shops in other parts of the hotel you take a complimentary water taxi. The beach and pool at the hotel were great and the view is awsome: right next to the Burj Al Arab. As for cost we were pleasantly surprised. Drinks and food at the hotel were cheaper than average Irish prices so this was good for us.In general the hotel was excellent, staff friendly and helpful and we would highly recommend this place to others. PS just to let you know, when we told a relative of ours who works in the hotel business in Dubai where we were stayin, his first words were &quot;you chose the best place in Dubai&quot;.	
Sep 19 2006	Loved the Mina A'Salam	We stayed in the Mina A'Salam on honeymoon. It was absolutley gorgeous. Great location right on the beach. The hotel has the same owner as the famous 7 star and the Jumeriah Beach so you get free admisson to the 7 star hotel and free buggy transfers to other hotels and the water park. Gorgeous private beach, great view from our balcony! the hotel is surrounded by water with boats to drop you to your destination i.e. to shops, beauty spa etc. The guys working the boats are very friendly and brought us on a tour around the hotel which takes about 20 minutes. The Gold Sheik (spelling might be wrong!) is part of our hotel with plenty of restaurants, bars and shopping stalls - out of this world! Breakfast buffet is gorgeous, nicest breakfast I've had in a hotel.We stayed for 4 nights in this hotel and we really didn't have to leave, 20 restaurants to choose from every night!Very expensive but then all hotels are in Dubai so no different than anywhere else.Dubai is a lovely place I wouldn't recommend going in July or August when we went because it was so hot, we had to stay by the pool couldn't go for walks during the day because it was way too warm. If I was to go to Dubai again which I would book this hotel again for definate I wouldn't even check out other hotels but just go a cooler cliamte month.	
Sep 15 2006 	Excellent hotel except reception.	Had a wonderful 8 days here as part of our honeymoon.Room - spacious, very clean and excellent housekeeping, our towels were changed twice daily.Pool - very clean and cool, fantastic pool staff, complimentary fruit skewers, ice lollies, cold towels etc.Food and drinks - excellent but expensive - Souk Madinat was less expensive with great options.Transport around complex inc the rest of Madinat Jumeirah, Souk Madinat, Burj al Arab and Jumeirah Beach Hotel was good with golf buggies and the abras readily available.My only complaint was with the reception staff. They seemed to have little respect for each other. We were trying to organise a reservation at the Burj with one member of staff who was lovely but unsure of the procedure. He asked for help and the women who answered just sneered at him didnt even come over to help. She just gave him instructions without even looking at him and got annoyed when he could barely even hear her because of the noise of the lobby bar entertainment! Another day we asked reception if they had an info leaflet for Wild Wadi waterpark (i.e opening times, provision of towels). I thought this was a reasonable question since the waterpark is part of the Jumeirah group. Again this request was met be a sneer and a patronising laugh. The response was &quot;not at reception, no&quot; with no other advice on where we could find out. We asked at guset relations and they were much more helpful.All in all though, an wonderful stay,	
Sep 11 2006 	Wow	I went to Dubai once before about 4 years ago and it was horrible, a lot of it was because I stayed with family and my aunt was a nightmare. Anyway so when my partner suggested for us to go to Dubai I was really excited as it would give me the chance to see Dubai my way. As soon as we saw the website for Madinat we wanted to stay there. The only room they had available was at the Mina A Salam. I can honestly say it was the most brilliant and amazing place ever. So beautiful, the staff couldn’t do enough for you, the beach was pristine, sand soft and white. Madinat is expensive but well worth every penny. My partner took me for 1 night at the Burj – to propose to me – and it was extremely romantic but still not as nice as Madinat. I’ve made my brother book part of his honeymoon at Madinat and I am sure we will go back at some point. BOOK IT – its amazing.	
Sep 7 2006	holiday to remember.	Had;nt been to Dubai before so did,nt no what to expect. We flew wit Ethiad from Manchester the flight was excellent plenty of leg room the service on board was also excellent. When we arrived at the Mina as it was night time the hotel was all lit up. Fab hotel service excellent food excellent. The location of the Mina excellent for all amineties. If you are lucky enough to be staying at this hotel have no worries you will have a fabulous holiday. We car,nt wait to go back.	
Aug 27 2006 	Amazing	This hotel is amazing - expensive to get there but the facilities and service are out of this world.The Mina is part of the Madinat Jumeirah, so you can use the joint facilities and get free entrance into the Wild Wadi water park. Golf buggys and water taxis will take you to the souk, spa of Burj hotel for free. The souk is modern and offers a great choice of bars, shops and restaurants, from reasonable bar food to lavish meals for 2.We will definitely be back.	
Aug 22 2006	The best hotel I have ever stayed in!	This was an absolutely outsatanding hotel. The service was amazing and we were treated like royality. The staff were friendly and treated everyone in a polite, respectful manner.The hotel is in a complex with over 40 bars and restaurants in it, with free water taxis that take you to them. It is opposite the 7* hotel and is therefore in an excellent location. I can not recommend this hotel highly enough.	
Aug 18 2006 	Great Place - but not for a honeymoon!	This is a great resort. The standard of accommodation is fantastic, the food is good and the staff are very friendly. However we were on the last leg of our honeymoon - and after a week in the Maldives we were a little 'overwhelmed' by the hustle and bustle and impersonal touch by the staff. For example, you have to queue for breakfast when it is busy (although the food is very good!) and the sound of kids runs right through the hotel. We had to wait 30 minutes for the porter to bring our luggage both on check-in and check-out.Don't get me wrong - Dubai is a very nice place to visit with plenty to do. We went on the Safari which is highly recommended. Just be careful for a honeymoon stop off - it may not be what you are looking for. The Spa is very good indeed. Also make sure you take smart clothes (men - suit jackets and shoes, women - you may need to cover up) - as nearly all the restaurants and bars around the resort have smart dress codes.Great hotel for families though.	
Aug 14 2006 	What can I say - Fantastic!	WOW!! I have just got back from a 5 day stay and I am desperate to go back!The hotel is immaculate, and really impressive.The abra boats are so romantic and like nothing I have ever experienced.The large pool is HUGE but to be honest we used the smaller one as it was more relaxing.There is not one bad thing I can say.We stayed at the Jumeriah beach hotel last time, but this was much better,The souk was so close, and we ate there most nights, it was much cheaper than in the hotel, and more relaxed. Still yummy though!	
Aug 11 2006	AMAZING....just like paradise	Well, what can I say. This is possibly the most amazing hotel I have ever stayed it. However, I will always be bias since I was proposed to here!!My boyfriend had organised a surprise trip to Dubai. We arrived at the hotel and was overwhelmed by how magnificent the inside was. Marble and water fountains everywhere. We arrived at 8.30am so our room wasn't ready so they kept our bags for us while we went exploring. There is a gym you can use to shower if you want to. We were shown to our room just after lunch, which was just amazing. The whole room was decorated with very beautiful and tasteful middle eastern furniture. We had a sea view with a small balcony. The bathroom was huge with beautiful marble features and a seperate bath and shower. The shower was the size of a small flat in London! The beach area is great for relaxing all day. The staff are so nice and give you towels and help you set up your sun loungers. The smaller of the 2 pools is the better place to hang out since it is less crowded. The hotel has about 250 lifeguards so they are everywhere. There are also thousands of employees in and around the hotel so if you need something there is always someone to ask. There is a great outdoor bar area where we would sit every night after dinner and chat with a bottle of wine and a shisha!I could go on and on.... I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone who is going to dubai. There is not one negative thing to say. Just don't go in August unless you love the heat - it was about 120 degrees!	
Aug 8 2006 	Brillian shortbreak!!!	I stayed with my partner at the Mina A'salam at the end of July 2006. We only stayed for 4 nights, thought that would be enough , but no way enough. If you are planning on going to this hotel, u will want to stay longer. The service you get at these hotels is really nice, i miss that more than i do the actual country. As we stayed in July, we had free access to the Jumeriah Beach Hotel, the Burg al arab , wild wadi which u get escorted to on the free buggies....one thing we did regret is not having enough time to make use of the pools and beach at the hotel as we were shopping or dining at the burg! ;-) and on the morning that we left, we found out that the hotel shuttle service takes you to the hotel in the desert, and the emirates tower! it was a shame we didnt get to these hotels up close and personal but am def planning on going back to do all of that! but one thing u have to do is use the abra boats to get a tour of the rest of the madinat jumeriah hotels. and u have to use the sixth senses spa - we had this his and hers awesome energiser massage for 1hr - we both fell asleep! thats how good it was! my partner was left snoring! another thing, was that when we went it was really humid and cloudy and visbility was poor - so though we paid the extra for ocean deluxe room, we didnt get to see the sun set, s the sun always disappeared behind the clouds! but it was really hot so be warned, i loved it though!wud we go back again? for sure. when we saw our hotel, room and view of the sea we fell in love with it - id prob stay at the al qasr though (next door to the mina a salam). I would also suggest that if you are travelling as a couple who want privacy, mina a salam,and al qasr are the better quieter hotels. If you are travelling as a family, then jumeriah beach is better cos of the facilities it has for kids and its more lively. - The burg is for the rich! very nice but not for me! bit too in your face!	
Aug 6 2006	Fantasic!!	If you have booked a stay here you will not be dissapointed. The rooms are beautiful, staff provide excellent service and every detail has been carefully thought about. This is a very relaxing hotel and it is hard to believe that you are in the centre of a bustling city. There is no building work nearby, the beach is immaculate and the sea is so warm and clear. Great location just a few minutes drive from the Mall of the Emirates (enormous) and Ski Dubai both great to visit . If you intend to go to Ski Dubai take your own hat and ski gloves as they are not provided although you can buy them. You will definitely need them as it is freezing inside but great fun.Another real bonus about this location is that there are no bugs, nothing, no flies, no mosquitos it is so nice to walk around at night and not have to worry about being bitten.There is an enormous Carrefour in the Mall of the Emirates which is worth a visit. Really cheap loads of bargains and it has a massive electrical section.  Access to the Burj al Arab is free at certain times of the day and is a must but you will not be allowed in with beach/sports shoes. Men in paricular need to wear proper shoes so it is worth taking a pair with you. Considering you are in a five star deluxe hotel I thought the restaurant prices were very reasonable although the alcohol was expensive. If you are looking for a cheap night out try the Hard Rock Cafe it is not far by taxi and is one of the few places in Dubai which is not based within a hotel but has a licence to serve alcohol. Don't bother with Planet Hollywood food was poor and building work surrounds it.The hotel provides free transport twice daily to the gold souk at Deira which is worth a visit, haggling is expected but the prices are very good. Transport is also provided free each hour to the Mall of the Emirates.This hotel is by far the best I have ever stayed in and I would highly recommend it . I loved this place and would go back tomorrow!	
Jul 31 2006 	Can Barely Wait to Visit	Have read this web site everyday - I check trip advisor web site for all my choices regarding hotels and resorts before I book My daughter and I are staying for 3 nights in early september and already have every minute planned to best enjoy this fantastically rated resort including a sensory spa massage when we first arrive off the plane in the morning (after breaky of course)We are booked in a premium club room and would not have thought to do so without this great web site to guide us. Al;ready on a diet in anticipation of the breaky, afternoon tea and nibbles and especially free drinkys.Chris and Aliesha - Australia	
Jul 26 2006 	Fantastic....... 14 Nights	What a fantastic hotel, appearance beautiful, rooms so so comfortable, the beds are huge. Slippers and bath robe provided, fresh fruit, from cotton buds to cotton wool pads all provided, chocs on your pillow at night time.The breakfasts are to die for. All restaurants on this complex are fantastic, we had 14 nights of fine dining, and hope to return again soon.Any questions debbie.wilkins@mondipackaging.com	
Jul 22 2006 	Amazing - wouldnt stay anywhere else in Dubai!	Stayed here for four nights on the way back from Thailand and I can honestly say this hotel is one of the best I have every stayed in. We stayed in a sea view room and was very impressed. The hotel has so much to do - about 40 restaurants - wild wadi, the souk etc! The beach is amazing although the sea was walm and not very refreshing when trying to cool down so we used the pools mainly at the Mina and Al Qasr. The Mina's pool was much smaller but I felt the Al Qasr although was much bigger was very noisey! We didnt have breakfast included but we did have breakfast one day at the mina and although amazing not really worth £40! The bar on the same level as reception is a must - great views of the Burj!We also went to the Skyview bar at the Burj which was fantastic - but there is a minimum spend of around £70-80 but I felt it was well worth it. Overall I was very impressed with the Mina - the rivers and boats were a lovely way to get around the hotel and there was so much to do. There were also golf buggys to take you to the Burj or Wild Wadi. We also went on the desert safari which is a must.I loved Dubai and would definately go back and wouldnt stay anywhere else than the Madinat but must say I am tempted to stay at the Burj for one night next time I go ......	
Jul 20 2006 	UNBELIEVABLE!!!!!	Let me start by saying that the staff at this hotel is top class, yet not stuffy. My husband and I have traveled all over the world, and stayed at many 4 and 5 star hotels. NEVER have we experienced a staff so kind, helpful, polite-yet sweet and comfortable to be around. I have to shout out to Sami, a kind and helpful man who works there, and shares the art of the Arabian coffee service. Sami-you made this trip so memorable for us! If you go to Mina a Salam, request this guy at the concierge desk. The coffee ceremony is free, (though tip him good!) -He'll tell you the best local places to see. And let you in on how real local Arabs live. My husband and I will never forget him! This hotel goes the extra mile in every way. It is very costly, but you get alot for your money. We booked an ocean side room, with Premium Leisure club amenities. That was worth every penny. You get a gorgeous breakfast buffet every morning in a private club balcony overlooking the Arabian gulf. Breathtaking. You also get alcohol included every evening. There's a light lunch included, and pre-dinner hors'doerves included too. And access to office and internet at no extra charge. All in all, you get alot for your money at this hotel. In the Madinat Jumeirah &quot;complex&quot; there are several hotels. Jumeriah Beach, (the Mina a Salam), Al Qasr, the Jumeirah villa complex, and of course the nearby Burj al Arab. We went to all of them. Al Qasr is supposed to be the most palatial. But honestly even if we could have afforded Al Qasr-we'd pick Mina 10 times over it. The feeling at Mina is much more old world Arabian and palatial, yes. But comfortable. We felt like we were going home each night we went back to the hotel. (Home if we were Sheik Mo!) We'd go back to Mina over all the other hotels in Jumeirah.Little touches, like room clean up twice a day-at no extra charge. Three piece string musicians playing in the lobby every morning. Two-really hot-Arab guys playing drums in the lobby at night. These little boats (called abras) that take you around the resort by means of these waterway canals.In all, this hotel has it all. If I can say one negative about it, I would say that we expected better food. My husband and I are big foodies. And we thought there would be more upscale restaurants. Don't get me wrong-we didn't hate it. It was just ok. Nothing exceptional. I think your best bet is to go out to the city for a fancier dinner. Or to Gordon Ramsey's restaurant in Dubai. The best meal we had however, was at a Lebanese restaurant in Jumeirah Beach hotel. Which a driven golf cart takes you to, passing the Burj al Arab. I'd go again just for the pretty drive! But the food was great, the bellydancing was awesome.For us, Mina a Salam will probably be a once in a lifetime trip. But worth every penny going there!	
Jul 16 2006	Excellent again	Stayed here last year and went again in July this year. Hotel was fantastic yet again. The gym is amazing and is well worth a visit to escape the sun at midday. The hotel is definately a holiday oriented one and they do everything they can to make the trip a nice one. We love this hotel because its quiet (no building work around it) and the souk is great to go to at night with all the nice restaurants, the view from the rooms is great and at the moment you can get free entry to the Wild Wadi water park saving you about £15 per person. Great place for hols !	
Jul 12 2006	Amazing!!!!!	This was the best hotel i have ever stayed in. Absolutely fantastic. The service is 6*! Rooms are very spacious, and immaculate. Chocolates on pillow every nite, and fruit bowl topped up every day for free. Whilst sunbathing by the pool, fruit kebabs are a lovely touch, as are cold towels and evian spray. Couldn't have asked for nicer staff. Views of Burj al arab are fantastic, especially at night. Beach is really clean and gorgeous sunloungers. Already planning our trip back there next year!!	
Jul 6 2006	The Best Hotel in Dubai!!!	I have just returned from a short break to the beach at the Mina A Salam for an in town holiday and we had a BLAST. This is definitely a 5 star plus hotel.The room (ocean view deluxe) was FABULOUS AND INCREDIBLE. The details of the rooms, the quality of the furniture, and the VIEW was worth every penny. We had a first floor room with a huge balcony looking into the ocean. The sun set directly in front of us and you cannot beat the view of the ocean from these rooms. I found this hotel to be better than the AL Qasr, only because there is construction obstructing the ocean view at the Al Qasr (they are building one of the Palm islands there) - and at the Mina, there are no cranes in the middle of the water, like there is every other hotel down Jumeirah beach Road.Another great thing was that the beds at the Mina were top of the line and very comfortable! I have always loved the beds at Westin hotels and I have always compared my hotel experiences to those Westin beds, and i can say that the Mina had beds just as great as the Westin's heavenly beds.The service at this hotel is top of the line as well. You cannot go wrong with the location of this hotel, much better than the Burj AL arab in the sense of things to do and convenience.THE BEACH is spotlessly clean, convenient, and well kept. The best beach in Dubai.The swimming pool could have been better (if they had a swim up bar) but not a problem because there is a huge bar right next to the pool.I cannot wait to stay at this hotel again, and i LIVE in Dubai! Tha'ts how much i enjoyed it.	
Jun 28 2006	Luxurious.....A Must for Everyone!!!	Well just returned from the mina a salam, what can i say that hasnt already been said?? our room was amazing, room 151, the nearest room to the burj al arab and a spectacular view!!!, i think this was a deluxe ocean view. staff fab and very attentive. pools were lovely, minas pool is small and quiet and al qasrs pool very lovely and beautiful. As mentioned previously yes..cold towels, fruit kebabs, cucumbers for your eyes and evian water spray whilst you lounge by the pool and they also roll your towels out for you!! the water abras are great to take you around the resort to get from a to b or just a leisurely ride round, and also golf buggies to al qasr, jumeriah beach and burj al arab. also went into the jumeriah beach (stayed there before) very nice and went into the burj, very very nice rode the lift to the 27th floor and admired the views from the restaurant that hangs over the sea, a must to see inside this hotel....wow!!! also of course went into the al qasr which is fabulous too so palatial!! the hotel runs free shuttles to the mall of the emirates which is approx 5 mins away but not to any other malls as the traffic is horrendous! did visit the city and did an open top bus tour which was good but lengthy3.5 hours total! the building work is not in any view at all from this complex and its the hotels from the ritz carlton down to the sheraton that are affected. you can just about see the palm jumeriah from here but only just..in the haze!! the weather was very hot about 45c in the day and 36c by night so its the hottest time of the year, but lovely and quiet eveywhere. visited the famous al karama market famous for all the designer fakes..handbags, watches, t shirts etc, bargain hard and dont be put off with their pestering, its fun! flew with emirates who were great, legroom good, prompt flight and also half empty flight so loads of spare seats!! i think i chose right this time and would recommend the madinat complex to all and sundry.	
Jun 28 2006	Out of this World	We travelled out from Cork, Ireland to Dubai for a week on the 1st of january.The hotel is extremely luxurious. This is our second trip to Dubai, Two years ago we stayed in the Jumeriah Beach which was also fantastic.We stayed in the premium leisure section which is an upgrade but well worth the extra money. You get a dedicated breakfeast area and lounge. This is open to you all day shoud you require anys nacks or drinks. We had our 18 month old baby with us so this area was a life saver. At night they had a play area off the bar so all the kids played in there before we went to dinner. They also provided baby sitting if you needed it.I simply cannot fault this hotel- The beach and pool area are fabulous. Some reviewers found the pool to be small. It was perfect for us however as it was never crowded and if you wanted a bigger pool you walked next door to the the Al Qasar which has the biggest pool in Dubai!!The only thing I will say is that it is very expensive to eat and drink. You will struggle to get a meal for under €150. Take advantage of the lounge is my advice. Complimintary drinks for 2 hours and lots of nibbles.I could go on and on about how good this hotel is but I will leave you with this as an example of service and how they trat you like royalty:Our little girl was sick and we had to get a doctor to the hotel. We called reception and with 30 mins a doctor arrived. She prescribed anti biotics and various other things. She gave us the address of the chemist next door and off we went. When we arrived the Chemist was shut due to a public holiday. We went back to the Mina to the Concereige to ask for more chemists. He took the list of medicines we needed, called a driver who spent the next 2 hours driving around the city looking for open chemists while we sat by the pool!!!I don't need to say anymore.Would love to go back soon.	
Jun 25 2006	Dubai's best location to stay	This is truly at great hotel, but so are the rest of the Jumierah hotels on the beach. The view of the Burg is breath taking and i prefered looking at it to staying in it! The city hotels are to noisy and busy and the ones further down the beach (the older ones) are further away from the city and in the shadow of a huge building project. If you go in the summer, as we did it is too hot to anything but sleep in the shade. The Mina has no building work for miles, is 20 minutes on a taxi ride, which cost around £8 and the views of the hotel and beach are great.The hotel is fantastic in every way, but the best bit is that even though you are in a huge complex, you never feel like you are. The rooms are great, the Abras are great fun and every meal we had was great.Five must do's whilst at the hotel are:Eat at PierChic, it cost £150 with wine and champagne, but was a great night.Eat at Zing Hes , again a great meal for £60 with wine.Smoke Shisha at a number of areas, we ate and smoked at Shoo Fe Ma Fee's a Morrocan restaurant in the Souk.Visit Jumeirah Beach Hotel to appreciate the Mina and Al Qsar are nicer places to stay.Have breakfast in the Wharf, it is less crowded and the same choice of foodIn Dubai, we did a load in 5 days, but i would recommend:Gold Souk, it is a dream if you like gold. We brought a 18ct white gold bracelet with diamonds for £300. Value in UK around £1200!Cross the creek in an Abra, worth £0.06 of anyones money.Visit Dubai Museum, and get a feel for the citys historyVist Kamara Shopping centre, great bargains. Both the real gear and a few very good fakes. Don't be afraid to vist back rooms and go upstairs in the shops, that is where the real bargains hide.Last on my list is a visit to the malls, we did 3 of them and recommend the Mall of the Emirates, because it is close to this hotel and to see a woman sking whilst wearing traditional dress and it's 110degs outside is strange to say the least.If you go in the hot months, be ready for it being very warm in the evening, it was too warm to sit outside even at 11pm, which is normally part of a holiday we enjoy the most. Also the heat in the day is very draining...but the pool bar has a breeze, a view to die for and they serve the cold german beer in a jug of ice..perfect!We stayed for 5 nights in June 2006, with no kids (they stayed at home). Would i return? You bet and i would not stay anywhere else, noy even the Burg if offered as the Mina and Al Qsar were 5 star without any of the high brow stuff you get at places like the Burg!If you are going, be prepared to enjoy yourself and part with some cash	
Jun 24 2006	Under the gaze of the Al Burj	We stayed at the Mina Salam for 4 nights in December 2005 after a short break at the Farimont. It was the time of the Dubai Film Festival - and we also got to see Morgan Freeman at the theatre that was ajacent to the hotel.The hotel was excellent - the service was first class. This is much more a family friendly hotel than the Fairmont, though a word of caution the hotel is surrounded by many waterways and you shouldnt let children wander around here on their own.Because Mina Salam is only one of 3 of the adjacent Madinat hotels and there are plenty of different dining experiences to sample. We ate at an Italian restaurant call Segrettos - it was mega expensive but a brilliant experience- the fruit Champayne cocktails were superb. Personally I preferred the inclusive breakfast at the Fairmont that at the Mina Salam as it was always busy at the Mina Salam and they never seemed to have enough staff on call to cope with the buffet demands.The views of the Burj are amazing as you can stand smack bang in front of the hotel and watch the odd helicopter landing on the roof. The Wild Wadi is also easily accessible.The staff were really friendly and you can take a golf buggy around the resort if you dont want to walk or take the boat.Tip - when you arrive take a boat tour of all the waterways - this will help you find your bearings a lot quicker as the whole resort is pretty big.	
Jun 21 2006	WOW !!!	i've been to alot of places around the world and have stayed in many hotels.... but nothing could top this Hotel. If your travelling to Dubai, DONT stay in the city as it is too busy, best place to stay is on Jumeriah Beach.My Family and i picked Mina A Salam, and what a good choice. As it was a special occasion we decided to fly Business Class with Emirates airlines..and it was a superb flight. When we landed in Dubai, we were greeted by two Chauffeurs who collected our bags and whisked us away in two huge cars. We arrived at the hotel at around 7 am so obviously the rooms werent ready so the hotel provided us with a complimentery Breakfast and changing and shower facilities while we waited. Breakfast was unreal, it was a buffet style and there was a huge selection of food to choose from. The rooms are amazing with balconies off them all with huge beds that were extremely comfortable. Fresh fruit and bottles of water are delivered to your room each day and every evening they have a turndown service where they prepare your beds and leave slippers out and put chocolates on your pillow. Staff are so friendly and they even remember your name. Theres around 40 restaurants to choose for dinner and theres lots of bars and nite clubs to suit all ages...all amazing !The beach facilities are amazing. Once you arrive at the beach there is someone to greet you and they place fresh towels and buckets of ice for your drinks by your sunbed. You do not have to lift a finger. Then every hour or so they staff come around with complimentary fruit kebabs and ice lollies and cucumber slices for your eyes to keep you cool and refreshed.At this time of year the temperature is about 40 to 45 degrees which is quite hot but everywhere you go is air conditioned so its fine. Theres also free access to wild wadi water park which is amazing and also free access to visit the Burj Al Arab hotel (7 star) which usually costs 100 euros to just visit. Dinner in the burj was amazing but a bit expensive ( 5 people - 700 euros) but well worth it. Dress code in Mina a salam is casual even though there are a few people that come into the hotel dressed really smartly.Shopping is just endless. The Souk at the hotel is mostly tourist souvenirs but Mall of Emirates ( 5 minutes by courtesy bus ) has to be the best... Gucci, Louis Vitton, Zara, Mango, Topshop, etc...... theres like 200 - 300 stores from accross the world. Theres also bowling, ice skating and best of all Indoor Skiing...just endless amount of things to do !All in all, amazing place to stay, amazing City...so amazing we actually ended up buying a villa ! Definately do the Desert Safari..alot of fun. A convoy of jeeps go into the desert and you go driving on sand dunes, followed by a meal in the desert camp and a belly dancing show(about 4 hours long altogether ) i could go on, talking about this place but i have to finish. So if your going to Dubai you just have to stay here..its just wow !! Hope this helps, enjoy !	
Jun 16 2006	PURE LUXURY	The Mina A'Salam is by far the best hotel we have ever stayed in.We stopped for a 4night break on the way back from Mauritius, and we were truly amazed with the hotel, its gorgeous.The hotel staff are so friendly and they wont allow you to lift a finger during your stay, cold towels, fruit kebabs, lolly's are just a few of the items they hnd out complimentry by the pool/beach!As we were on honeymoon the hotel filled our room with fruit, chocolates and roses, it was lovely!The hotel is so close to the Burj Al Arab, and the views are amazing.Check out the Souk in the complex, there are some lovely places to eat, Ushna - comtempory indian, very nice and not too expensive, Trader Vik's - Great Poloynesian food, Shoo Fe Ma Fe - Moroccan, brilliant food.The dune bashing trip is a must, its great fun, and followed by an evening in the desert watching the stars, belly dancing and more.Already planning our trip back to the Mina A'Salam for next year to celebrate our anniversary.You cant explain how lovely this hotel is, you have just got to go there to experience it, trust me it's worth every penny.	
Jun 14 2006	Superb	Firstly let me start by saying that I am not a big fan of beach resorts, I normally prefer staying in city centre hotels, but my girlfriend had her way with this one, so we compromised by staying at the Mina A Salaam for 3 nights, and at the Hilton Dubai Creek for 2 nights. I just want to say I wish we had stayed here for the full duration of our holiday and longer, not that the Hilton Dubai creek was bad, it was superb, but the Mina A Salaam was something different, not like your normal beach resorts.The rooms were spacious and located superbly around the resort, we stayed in a private villa, with our very own butler, the rooms were spacious, and elegantly presented, with a huge and amazing bathroom. The resort itself was very grand, it had several excellent restraunts, scattered around the resort, a amazing lobby, with huge balcony overlooking the ocean and the burj Al Arab hotel. A excellent place to chill at night. The staff were very friendly, and always at your service. And finally the private beach was huge, it was clean, and it had amazing views over the Arabian golf,So, if your considering staying in Dubai, let this be the hotel for you, you wont be disappointed, that I guarantee.	
Jun 1 2006	To be seen to be appreciated	Had a 3 day stop over as a special treat. Hotel is superb. True Arabian feel. Loved the candles along hallways at night. Service was what you would epect from Hotel of this quality. It is expensive but spoil yourself its magic. We swam in ocean with views to the &quot;Burj&quot; only 100m away. Magnificent.	
May 31 2006	magical!!	stayed at the mina a salem for the first leg of our honeymoon, and couldn't of wished for a better place to stay. It's shear luxary, the decor is superb, the beach and all it's facilities are second to none, the dining has endless choice, just catch 1 of the many water taxis for a truly unforgettable experiance. I only wished i had stayed longer	
May 25 2006	Amazing	What a wonderful hotel. A friend recommended the Mina Salam to us saying it was the best hotel she had ever stayed at and I have to agree with her. The place has to be seen to be believed. We stayed for 2 nights with our children (aged two and three) on our way back from Mauritius and with hindsight we would have spent more time in Dubai and a little less in Mauritius. We stayed in a Leisure King room, which meant airport transfers, access to the leisure lounge with soft drinks all day, breakfast, afternoon tea and canapes and alcoholic drinks from 6pm to 8 pm were included. The room was spacious and we had a lovely view of the ocean and the Abras (boats) coming and going. Our kids loved going on the boats and enjoyed the tour of the waterways immensely. The kids club is very impressive and the staff in there were great and very good with the kids. The hotel staff are lovely and cannot do enough for you - nothing is too much trouble. There really is so much to do that you need at least a week there so that you can see everything Dubai has to offer plus all the facilities of the hotel. The complimentary transfer to the Emirates Mall was great and a buggy on the beach will take you to the Wild Wadi Water Park and the Jumeriah Beach hotel. I was very sad to leave and cannot wait to return to the hotel for much longer next time.	
May 25 2006	nice hotel	was expecting this hotel to be amazing after all the reviews i had read and it was really nice but not as amazing as i thought it would be. the service was great, the beach boys were very helpful laying out your towels and positioning the sunbeds. the beach had a great view of the burj and was really clean although the water seemed really rough here compared to kite beach which is on the other side of the burj. the room deco was okay. the bathroom was big with nice big shower although the shower head wasn't very strong and took ages to rinse my hair. the buffet breakfast was good and was included (i got a good deal on expedia £200 + tax) make sure you ask for a proper sea view though as i was promised a sea view but it actually looked onto to lagoon with the sea to the far right although the lagoon did look very beautiful at night. there is no construction at this end of jumierah beach which is good so its nice and quite. i didn't use the pool but it looked rather small. there is a turndown service with fruit, water, chocolate and slippers left in your room which was a nice touch and the beds and pillows were very very comfortable although i did book a double and got a twin (we were only staying 1 night so didn't complain). i would recommend this hotel although to be honest i wouldn't stay here again myself.	
May 24 2006	Royal place to stay	We stayed in room “601” within the premium leisure club next to the Royal Suite.The room over looked the ocean front and the Burj. It also looked down onto the turtles pen. The wood in the room is all solid no ply or chip board. The bathroom was a very good size and the walk in rain shower is fine for two! The bath has small night candles around it left by the butler who also changes the towels twice a day as well as all the shower creams, body lotions, soaps, shampoos, tooth pastes and brushes so no need to take anything with you. flannels needle and thread packs which were replaced every day.Water is also left twice a day in sealed bottles as is the ice. The water in the “loo” system is heated, yes heated in the holding system! The night time turn down gives you ice in the bucket again as well as chocolates on the bed and the slippers left on cotton mats beside the bed, which could very well sleep 3. If you press the “please service my room” button by the door it was done, for us, within the hour, never had a hotel do that before.Could you hear any noise while in the room from the rooms next door or around the hotel? “No” nothing at all.There is a high level of security all around the hotel both inside and out, on all walk ways and entrances to the complex persons not staying at the Mina A Salam had to have reason to come in. Around the hotel do use the Abra boats which take you every where you will also get to know the whole complex’s and the driver of the boat will take you on a tour and then explain the whole area with what’s what and where. We had the Mercedes the biggest one you have seen meet us at the airport with the hotel rep meeting us inside the terminal at Dubai airport and fast tracking us through passport control straight to the car this beats the crowds big time.The premium leisure club staff were top notch. They new our names with out any notice, and the private check in and breakfast on arrival was first class. The room was ready even though we arrived at 0730 on the very good British Airways flight from Heathrow. The afternoon tea was well worth going to as is the 6.00 till 8.00pm pre dinner drinks and nibbles. You could quite well drink the and eat and then not have to goout to dinner after this. Drinks from bubbly to beer and every thing else. We never had to ask for refills as the staff were so on the ball the glasses were always being refilled as was the food area.Around the pool of the Mina S Salam the staff would lay out your towels they were there to do this for you, move the sun shades again they would not let you do this, in fact you do not lift a finger, its all done for you. Life guards every where. At all the swimming pools and all along their beach. Staff waiting to help when ever you need them.Accesses to the large pool at the Al Quasar Hotel is just a golf buggy ride or Abra boat ride away. The beach is long and sandy but is far better at the Mina A Salam end then off towards the summer houses and the Al Quasar hotel. Again the staff do all the towel thing for you where ever you are on their beach.There is free access to the wild wadi water park for guests of the Mina A Salam which saves about £75.00 a day for a family.There is no building work any where near the hotel.If you want sun and no more than about a 6 ½ hour flight from England this is the best hotel going and yes we have stayed in other hotels in Dubai but none of them come near this hotel for service, style or price. We had a room rate for this stay of 1200 dirams per night for 3 in premium leisure. Would we go back. “Yes”. Tomorrow if we could…..The taxi to the mall of the emirates is only 10 uae, £1.75 aboutOne note - the hotel promotes its restaurants so if you want something a little bit special it's worth doing some homework beforehand. It is also a good idea to pre-book treatments at the excellent Six Senses spa and restaurants, especially the fish one located at the end of the pier.	
May 24 2006	seventh heaven!	My husband and I recently celebrated out 35th wedding anniversary at Mina Al Salaam, along with our 30year old son.The Hotel staff on the Executive floor did everything they possibly could to make our special night memorable, flowers and even a cake!Would certainly recommend the extra cost of the executive floor, breakfast was superb, and could be served in your room if a lie-in was the order of the day.Afternoon tea was lovely, and the evening canapes( a different country theme each evening) and drinks were wonderful.A beautiful view over the waterways and the Burj from the terrace, plus the wonderful attentive friendly staff,(gorgeous Meigan, stephanie ,Zieida ,Krishna and Annalise,) made a great start to the evening.The rooms are beautifully appointed, without being over the top, and every whim was catered for.A shuttle bus was provided to two malls, and the gold souk in the late afternoon.We will definitely return to Mina, it has a very friendly boutique feel to it,We did check out Al Qasr and Jumierah beach, the latter being more of a family hotel.The cold towels and fruit sorbets and fruit kebabs are a lovely refreshing touch when lying on the spotless beach,One is also spoilt for choice for restuarants within the large resort complex,Am planning our return!Indulge yourself, you deserve it!!	
May 23 2006	the best	the best place to stay by far...	
May 16 2006 	Very Nice	Stayed here for business by giving the Emirates Towers a miss. Very nice hotel especially now that all the building is completed. I have read other reviews saying that it is &quot;Disney&quot;-like, but I think themed hotels work better. It is definitely not over the top. The beach is nice and long and there is an amazing choice of restaurants. Far better than the Jumeirah beach or even better than the Burj where I stayed a couple of years ago. I would call the Burj more &quot;Disney&quot;-like or tacky than Mina a Salam. Rooms are nice and of very high quality (solid materials used in construction). I will definitely come back with the family, but not in the summer. 38C and high humidity made being outside less than appealing.	
May 3 2006	Amazing Place to stay	My wife and I have just returned from 7 days at the Mina and we were not disappointed!The hotel complex is truly amazing and has to be seen to be believed, even the pictures do not do it justice. The staff are exceptional and nothing is to much trouble and you are always greeted with a warm smile upon any request.The rooms are a very good size but the view does depend on which room you can get. We upgraded on arrival to an ocean facing room (503) with with an amazing view of the resort, beach &amp; the truly amazing Burj Hotel.You are spolit for choice at the numerous bars and restraunts on the complex for food and we ate at several different places and never had a bad meal, and the experience of going for dinner and having to take a ride on the water taxi's is truly magical.Our only complaint was that there were alot of young pre-school children in the resort and it would have been nice to have had an adults only section on the huge private beach and maybe an adults only swimming pool.	
Apr 24 2006	Loved it	My Family and I have just returned back from Dubai. We stayed at the Mina A Salam and all loved it. Our children loved Sinbads Kids club. You have the option to book older kids in so they can come and go as they please which was handy as they could come and find us on the beach or by the pool. They can also book in for dinner and be looked after until 9pm you can book babysitter afterwards as well. The beach is great lots of loungers and umbrellas available all day. The hotel brings you fresh fruit lollies, fruit sticks and other treats during the day. The Abra's( Boats) take you around the hotel and it is lovely especially at night.The hotel is right next to the Burj and the Juremiah beach hotel. The 7 * Burj 7 hotel allows guests at the Mina to go and have a look round it. We can share the facilities at the Jurmeriah beach hotel. Also the Wild Wadi water park is right next door although we had to pay to go but got a small discount. Guests at the Jurrmeriah and Burj can get in for free.The breakfasts were deliciuos. All you would expect from 5 * deluxe with chocolate thrown in as well. They have a pool for injured turtles to recover in next to the breakfast area we liked looking at each morning.The Mall of the Emirates is a huge mall and very close by and that is also where the ski slope is. They have a courtesy bus running each hour but it is ver cheap to go by taxi. There is no building work near the hotel.You can just make out the first Palm Island from the beach but it doesn't affect the hotel.Couldn't fault the hotel. Rooms spotless.	
Apr 22 2006	Everything other people sais was true	Other reviewers have said it all. A top quality hotel with everything you would expect. Service and staff were excellent. Much the best of the hotels in the Jumeirah resort complex, especially if you want a more personal feel. Not a single bad point from a week's stay.	
Apr 19 2006	First Class hotel in Every Way!!!	This hotel made our holiday to Dubai a wonderful experience. I travelled with my boyfriend last year to Mina a Salam, we are a young couple aged 20 and both agreed that this holiday would suit anyone couples, families, groups etc. We stayed in a gorgeous room on the 3rd floor with a seafront view of the waterway and Burj. The Madinat complex is fantastic and we travelled across the water most days to go to restaurants and the souk etc. We prefered the Mina a Salam pool as opposed to the larger pool at Al Quasar as it was more intimate and you got to know the staff better and they knew your favourite drinks, sunbeds etc. On several occasions I attempted to put the provided towels on our sunbeds but the staff wouldn't let you lift a finger! They would come round with cool towels, fruit kebabs and cucmber for your eyes (not to eat as I saw several people doing and then looking embarassed when they realised what they were actually for). We had many good meals in Dubai but would particularly recommend Segretto which is a hidden gem in the Madinat bungulows it is described a Italian but I would call it fine dining next to Segretto is the Segretto bar, both nights we went in we had the place to ourselves and a personal bartender, the atmosphere is wonderful in there! Our favourite restaurant has to be La Parilla which is on the top floor of Jumeirah beach hotel which you can get to by golf buggies. The view here is amazing and the menu would suit most tastes. The Meat Co is also very good at mina a salam. You need to book in advance for most of the restaurants this is done for you by a lady in the mina a salam reception. If you haven't got the hint we loved this holiday! If you don't go your missing out!	
Apr 1 2006	Opulence ant luxury at Madinat Jumeirah ..	WE stayed for 3 nights at Mina A'Salam at Madinat Jumeirah and loved it - but i think that Al Qasr takes the biscuit for being just that bit more luxurious and opulent and have already booked to go back threre next year. This is a fabulous resort if you are travelling with children - espcially the under 10's - and want safe pools, beaches etc fully staffed and manned at all times by ever-watchful lifeguards. However, it does not pander only to those with small kids and because of its size you never feel overwhelmed by them. Would recommend this resort to anyone. Charming staff, loved the boat rides everywhere. It's where Disney meets Arab culture - but somehow it works.One note - the hotel promotes its restaurants so if you wnat something a little bit special it's worth doing some homework beforehand. It is also a good idea to pre-book treatments at the excellent Six Senses spa and restaurants, espeically the fish one lcoated at the end of the pier.We went to Gordon Ramsey's Verre restaurant at the Hilton Dubai Creek - food was fabulous. Worth the trip.	
Mar 29 2006	A 5 Star Plus Hotel Like You Have Never Seen!.............	We stayed in Dubai 4 years ago in the resort next door and this Hotel and resort didnt exsist. But wow! what they have done in this time is amazing! This hotel is pure decidence. The foyer is exquistitly done with insence burning,Arabic music playing live, pools filled with fragrances and flowers. All the staff are so polite, helpfull, well dressed.The rooms have balconies all over look the sea and waterways, with views of the impressive Burj Al Arab. The rooms themselves are internally decorated in strong rich colours, enormous beds, turned down every night and chocolates left on your pillows. There are unbelievable bathrooms with robes, slippers, towels changed twice a day. Candles left burning at night, vast walk in shower and enormous baths, supplied with every thing from toothbrushes to luxurious toiletries. Its hard to describe the vastness of this hotel. 63 resturants service the resort so you will always find something to please everyone.The food was excellant, but not cheap, so go room and breakfast and you can fill up on their vast variety of breakfasts and you wont need anything till the evening. Towels are provided on the beach and by the pools, the beach and pool boys will arrange your towels and sunbeds for you. Then along comes the beach/pool waiters who will attend your every need. Then they bring cold towels in the heat of the day, bring you free ice lollies, and fruit kebabs. Then around comes the little man to clean your sun glasses!!...There are lifeguards all around the beaches and pools until the last sun worshiper leaves. The whole place is extreemly safe, and there are buggies and abrahs (boats) to get you round the resorts. There are NO beach venders but excellant water sports facillities should you require them.The gym and indoor laned pool is enormous and you will need it to burn off all those calories you will have eaten. There is also the Six Sense Health spa where you can have every type of treatment you want and it has its own souk ( in door market )so you dont have far to go to shop for souveneers.The staff really make this place so welcoming, I can promise you you will never want to leave. Dubai itself has lots to offer and although it is undergoing a major building project it doesnt effect this resort at all. Do take the time to visit the shopping malls, gold souks and sights , and if you can afford it go to the Sky Bar which is the cocktail lounge in the Burj Al Arab, for a truely memorable experience. If you are lucky you may well see a famous celebrity. We couldnt recommend this place highly enough, we will certainly visit here again.	
Mar 25 2006	Fantastic Resort!	As part of a one-week trip, we stayed at the Mina A'Salam for the last 2 nights...and really regretted not having booked a longer stay! We were awed the first time we stepped into the hotel! The service was outstanding and in particular I would like to commend the staff who were all very friendly, helpful and kid friendly. The rooms were spacious and gorgeous with views of the ocean. There were a large number of restaurants within the resorts, but bookings needed to be made days in advance for the popular ones. Was feeling the pinch on the room rates but at the end of the stay thought it was well worth it.	
Mar 25 2006	Fantastic Hotels	We've recently returned from Dubai and had a fantastic time. We stayed at the Mina a'Salam for 6 nights and spent our last night at the Burj al Arab. The Mina was a superb hotel with service to match. Nothing was too much trouble and the staff were unbelievably friendly and genuine with it. The beach was fabulous although we thought that the sea was rather cold considering the climate. The hotel complex was massive and is connected by walkways and waterways so if you can't be bothered to walk simply jump on an &quot;abra&quot;, a small boat, which will take you wherever you want to go on the complex. Eating out was relatively similar in price to here in England so it wasn't too expensive.My wife had arranged the trip for my 40th birthday and the surprise was a night at the Burj al Arab. The suite had to be seen to be believed and we had been upgraded to a corner suite with panoramic views of the coast including the Palm. We ate in the seafood restaurant which is like eating in a giant aquarium. The meal was excellent but cost about £270 including wine...we were expecting this though.We were not troubled by any construction work in this part of Dubai and cannot recommend either of these hotels highly enough!We don't normally go back to places we've been since there are so many to visit but we are already planning to return to the Mina.	
Mar 20 2006	Absolutely fantastic holiday	We loved Dubai and would go back tomorrow if we could afford it.I spent several months planning this holiday, and had extremely highexpectations. I certainly wasn't disappointed.We eventually decided on 8 nights at the Mina A Salam followed by 1 night at the Burj Al Arab. To give you a general idea we are just a normal couple in our early 30s (no kids yet - so making the most of going to places like this before we do all that!)Accommodation was booked through &quot;Apex Holidays&quot; &amp; I would definately recommend them. They have an office over in Dubai &amp; were able to get me rooms at both hotels at quite late notice when the other main tour operators and &quot;independent travel agents&quot; only had hotels on a &quot;request only basis&quot; and couldn't get me anything. We flew with KLM airlines (Economy/cattle class for us), booked through &quot;Trailfinders&quot; from Newcastle upon Tyne via Amsterdam. The outbound flight was ok but coming back the seats were a bit cramped &amp; the service wasn't great as everyone's luggage was left behind due to some cockup with the conveyor belt. So we had 2 wait until later that night for the cases to be returned on a different flight. (What a relief to get our cases back in one piece considering all of thetoiletries we had packed from the Burj!)We arrived in Dubai very early in the morning at around 5am. Someone was waiting to meet us before we even got to passport control from &quot;Gulf Circle&quot; with a sign with my name on it. There were a couple of rather long queues to get through passport control where we should have gone but he told us to just go to &quot;that empty queue over there for first/business class&quot; &amp; see if they let you through, so we did &amp; 5 minutes later we were in our car(company called Budget Chaufferdrive)on our way to the Mina.We weren't sure whether we would have a long wait for our room as we knew that check in wasn't until 2pm (&amp; we would have been quite happy to wait rather than pay for a whole extra night at full price) but after no more than 1 hour we were shown to our room. I had already emailed the hotel to request a room with a view of the Burj and was delighted that they had granted me this request. The room was lovely, all traditional Arabian decor &amp; everything that you could need. Thebathroom had a nice marble sunken bath &amp; there was a huge rainshower. We were so knackered after the travelling that we fell asleep &amp; didn't wake up until 7pm that night(and the bed was the most comfortable bed I've slept in.) The hotel was not affected by any bulding work whatsoever. It wasn't until you got in a taxi and went towards the city that you realised just how bad it was in other parts. The beach was fantasic, they come and put your towels down on the beds for you and bring round iced vanilla towels, cucumber slices and fruit slushes etc. The buckets of ice for your drinks are refilled when they start to melt. The sea is clear and always warm. (Yes I wish I was back there.)The swimming pools were also great, Al Qasr has the largest pool in Dubai, but we liked the smaller one at the Mina because it was quieter &amp; more relaxed. NB. I wouldn't bother bringing any beach towels from home or shampoo, showergel, hairdrier etc as these are all provided. Also ladies, you don't need to worry about what to wear, I was a bit worried about feeling underdressed on the first night but actually felt the opposite. At least the football shirt brigade were absent from this hotel (they were all at the JBH up the road!)We had a wander around the souk at Madinat Jumeirah most nights after dinner &amp; how sad is this we ended up going to Starbucks &amp; Costa Coffee on quite a few of those occasions. We actually found that the cost of eating out was no more than what it is here. We didn't really go to anywhere particularly &quot;fancy&quot; apart from Al Muntaha at the Burj Al Arab, &amp; obviously it was expensive but it was a once in a lifetime thing for us and the service was outstanding. We both had fillet steak and I think the meal came to Â£160 - Â£170. Neither of us drink wine so at least we saved on that!We ate in the following restaurants:The Meat Company (we went here on our first night)Toscana (Italian)Hard Rock Cafe Shimmers (this was definately one of my favourites, &amp; it was quite romantic!)Go West (at Jumeirah Beach Hotel)Jam BaseThe restaurant next door to Toscana, &quot;Bank ...&quot; something , can't remember the name. (Did nice Martini and lemonades though!)We also ordered room service one night (which was delicious) at the Mina after I'd had too much sun one day, there's a huge private dining menu to chose from!Al Muntaha (at Burj Al Arab)- expensive but worth every penny. Places we visited:Wild Wadi - to be honest this was a bit of a disappointment, I wouldn't bother going back there, quite a few of the rides were also closed as they were carrying out building work.Emirates Towers shopping mall (we didn't actually stay long here once we realised that there were only designer shops &amp; probably couldn't afford anything,)so we had a quick look around the hotel foyer, the hotel itself seemed nice &amp; if we went back we would definately try out the &quot;Grill Room&quot; restaurant. Deira Shopping Centre - this was massive, reminded me of the Metro Centre near to where we live. There was a good mix of designer and high street shops here, the husband bought himself an ipod from one of the electrical stores on the ground floor. We went on a Friday tea-time &amp; it was packed, we had to queue for an hour to get a taxi back to the hotel.Burjurman Centre - we liked it here, this time we went during the day &amp; avoided the weekend. Good selection of make up &amp; cosmetics etc for the ladies!On our way back from Burjurman Centre we stopped off at &quot;Karama market&quot;, I think that's what it was called, to have a look at the fake stuff. We were approached straight away &amp; they asked us to go round the back entrance to the shop - the husband just about shi* himself, he couldn't wait to get back to the hotel &amp; was convinced something dodgy was going to happen. Upstairs, behind a fake wall was a little sort of warehouse stocked with various handbags, watches, sunglassesetc. I got myself a nice pair of &quot;designer&quot; sunglasses for around Â£15 (well I wanted to arrive in style at the Burj the next day!) We had intended going to the Al Dawaar revolving restaurant, Verre and The Apartment as well as having a spa treatment and a camel ride but we never got round to any of these. We will have to do them next time!I would also recommend registering on the &quot;Sirius&quot; website (there is a link to this on the Jumeirah International website) before you go. You are then entitled to collect points at any of their hotels &amp; restaurants etc, just hand over your temporary membership number and they will do the rest. Then when you go back to visit you can redeem your points for things such as a meal for 2, 1 night's stay at one of the hotels, gifts from the boutique etc. Hope you enjoy Dubai as much as we did!Michelle	
Mar 13 2006	Awesome hotel	We stayed at Mina A'Salam the first night and the second at Burj Al Arab.Mina A'Salam is one of the best hotels we have ever stayed.It has the best and most wonderfull facilities. It offers you a wide range of food and drink.The whole scenery is like a fairy tale (1001 arabian nights)It also has a traditional market inside the hotel.In order to go around,the hotel provides you with a map.If you ever visit Dubai you must experience the uniqueness of this hotel.	
Mar 13 2006	This will take some beating...	My fiance and I have just returned today from a long weekend at the Mina, based on two things; one a personal reccomendation of the Madinat Jumeirah resort complex by a family friend and the rest by the contributors of Trip Advisor.Suffice it to say, that the resort did not disappoint in any way. There are a couple of quirks, but not what I would call insurmountable problems and certainly not enough to spoil the time we had. Having taken an overnight flight Thursday from Heathrow and having elected to upgrade to Premium Leisure, we were booked in early at about 9.30am, so we had the benefit of three full whole days before having to fly back today. From check in to check out, pretty much your every whim can be indulged; the level of attention to detail by virtually all staff and management would put a lot of establishments to shame; indeed the downside is that once you have experienced this high standard of customer service, you are going to begin to expect it everywhere you go in the world, which could lead to some disappointment!Rooms were well equipped, well maintainted and looked after, bar and restaurant choice across the site was very good indeed (something for every taste); wine by the bottle can be expensive, but doesnt have to be... This is not a cheap resort, this is a Five Star Deluxe complex in one of the fastest, most demanding environments in the business. You do get what you pay for.The only two slight quirks I noticed were that if you are a couple, do not be surprised if the staff only initially address the male in the party. However, given that the Emirates is an Islamic country and that to be honest, westerners male and female would not get away with the kind of things that they do in western Europe or elsewhere, this conservatism with a small c shouldnt be allowed to diminish ones experience. The other quirk was that despite being told 4 times, the company organising the transfers to and from the airport still arrived an hour early this morning. I cannot lay the blame for that at the feet of the hotel though. All in all, a memorable weekend and we will definately beyond a doubt be back.A final word of thanks to all concerned at the 6 Senses Spa. Outstanding customer service, very fair prices and well deserving of their hard won reputation. Not to be missed.	
Feb 27 2006	Fantastic holiday	I have just returned from a one week holiday with my husband and two children aged 3 and 8. We stayed at the Al Qsar within the Madinat Jumeirah complex having booked a Premium Leisure Room which meant that we had access to the Premium Leisure Lounge.The hotel was fantastic, the staff were friendly and could not do enough for you. The Premium Leisure Lounge staff were amazing, remembering the children's names and taking time to speak to them. The lounge has a separate play room and a seperate computer area with play station games etc which meant that in the evening my husband and I could sit outside on the terrace and drink the complimentary champagne and eat delicious canapes whilst the kids played happily with other children in safety.The beach and pool are fabulous with plenty of lifegaurds, and there is even a man who comes around with cucumber slices to put on your eyes whilst you sunbathe!The six senses spa is also not to be missed, extremely relaxing surroundings and clearly experienced staff.We have stayed at the Arabian Court, Royal Mirage which is also a fantastic hotel, but the Al Qsar beats anywhere we have ever stayed before, we will certainly be going back very soon, I couldn't recommend it enough.	
Feb 18 2006	Brilliant	I owe it to this site to say something about our 6 day stay here, having been moved by the comments to change from the Ritz Carlton along the coast.The hotel is of a very high quality and nothing was too much trouble. The food at both lunch and breakfast was spectacular, and not that expensive. I have never eaten as well (and as healthily) in a holiday hotel. Dubai is not chic in the way that, say, France or Italy is, but that would be missing the point. Just go with the flow that this is really a swank theme park, and you'll love it. The abras are a wonderful way to travel, and the whole complex is very pretty at night. I'm very fussy, but was hard pressed to fault it.A final word: the Six Senses spa is amongst the best I have ever visited, with prices to encourage you to try things out - I would say at half the price of similar treatments in the UK, and when they say an hour's massage, they mean an hour's massage (not 15 minutes of it on your own listening to whale music).	
Feb 8 2006	First Class	Absolutely first class! The staff were very freindly and extremely helpful. We paid extra for the executive rooms and it was well worth it . Would definately go back.	
Jan 30 2006	Mina Al Salam Fantastic!!	I just come back from this hotel and went over with my wife and 2 year old. We all loved it. First time in Dubai. I was disappointed with the shopping over in Dubai but hotel was excellent. Friendly staff, helpfull and very clean. Recomend this hotel for sure. Dubbed the Aravian Venice by the staff and found out this was true during my 1 weeks stay.	
Jan 22 2006	Book with confidence !	Upon arriving at the Dubai airport, we caught a taxi to the resort for 90 D (£16.00) which took 45 mins (because of traffic not distance). Dubai Taxi's are the best in the world. They are all fitted with GPS-based digital screens which begin as soon as the car moves. The price of fuel out there is ludicrously cheap - therefore the taxi's are too.Upon arrival our booking-in and everything was extemely swift. Our arrival at 9.00am was a lot earlier than the times our rooms are supposed to be available. However, we were told to relax with a free drink of our choice and that a supervisor was checking our room upon being cleaned and that we should be in it within 15-20mins. The rooms were large, with beautiful comfy beds and linen, the coffee tables are dresser's were of solid dark wood and would grace anyones home. The bathrooms were very large, complete with full-size bath, walk-in shower cubicle - all decorated with beautiful tiles and chrome fittings. Extremely solid floors and walls with no cross noise from other rooms. The hotel makes up 1/3 of the madinat jumeriah complex - with the other parts being made up by the huge entertainment complex (16 restaurants, 1 nightclub and about 10 bars) &amp; the final third being comprised of the royal villa's, Spa buildings (one of THE top spa's in the world - colonic anyone?).All the the sections are of arabic build (dusty, old fashioned effect architecture) and are connected by winding river's! yes they are man made and feature Abra boats (small boats which carry up to 8 people, battery powered so are totally silent) - at night the place is lit up beautifully and the bars and restaurants all look over the rivers. Having gone around the Burj Al Arab (vulgar, small inside and loathsome guests with too much botox) and the Jumiriah beach hotel (superb - but geared up for family's, with kid's clubs etc) - i can honestly say that the Min-A-Salam is worthy of the accolades so far bestowed on it by the previous reviews.In a nutshell, forget the pictures (they do not tell you anything about this hotel) and book it. It is by far 1) The best hotel 2)in the best area 3)Especially if you want to relax (Spa) 4)or want to be lively(bars and restaurants)It ticks ALL boxes.... and is on the beach !	
Jan 18 2006	luxury single recharge	i travelled to the Al Qasr on my own in need of a complete battery recharge. A little anxious as it was my first time to be alone on holidays, my fears were soon laid to rest. Total luxury and relaxation is the name of the game here and no-one notices that the sun lounger beside you is unoccupied! The private beach is one of the few quiet beaches in Dubai at the moment, the food is fantastic, the service is typically Dubian and 7*, and I slept all night and afternoon! Despite the glitzy decor typical of the Middle East, the water ways within this hotel make the experiece totally relaxing and enjoyable. i loved the water taxi trips to the hussle and bussle of the souq marina.I've been to many places in many countries and for me, as a single, exhausted female exec and lone traveller, this is the place to chill while still still remaining busy, fun and relaxing all at once.	
Jan 15 2006	amazing fantastic resort as good as they say	mina a salam is a wonderful hotel and the staff are so helpful. so much to do. the resort is incredible. simply a brilliant place to be.	
Jan 15 2006	Cheesy	This expensive resort feels like an Arabian Sun City, Vegas or, even, Blackpool. I suppose it is &quot;upmarket cheesy&quot; - which is fine when eveything works well (like in the Burj al Arab).- The rooms in the Mina A'Salam seem small and, unlike some other beach towers, one feels remote from the beach. Very little cupboard space.- The check-in staff are not up to scratch. - The restaurants are not as great as Jumeirah's PR suggests. In particular, the Thai restaurant is bad - the food has little relation to that presented in a good Thai restaurant. As you would predict, it is Thai food for the aspiring upmarket (bling) tourist.- My bathroom's floor was horribly filthy and needed scrubbing.- In general, too many poorly paid staff and not enough competent middle-management.- Accompanied prositutes in the hotel's bars.- Importantly, poor wine cellars.The Seven Senses Spa is excellent and if you like such things, the night club is also excellent (as is Dubai's Buddah Bar).More generally, the prices of eveything in Dubai are up - and what was good value is no longer.If you want to stay at the Madinat Jumeirah resort - check out al Qasr and the beach properties of Dar al Masyaf - both are better than the Mina A'Salam (but, not great). Or, for really excellent service go to Asia ...! Oh, and if you want Dubai, book well in advance - hotels are full.	
Jan 7 2006	Erractic Service and all a bit Hectic	Booked through Expedia for New Year Stay. They didn't have the resrvation when we arrived. Insisted only way they could honour the reservation was to agree to the 1925 Dhs each for the compulsory gala NY dinner (about $1000+) as the expedia room rates were 'special' but didn't mention the gala dinner.Maybe because it was because of the end of the year, but ended up being sent to Al Qasr (sister hotel next door for the so-called gala dinner at the Napa - Mediteranean Restaurant - mediocre and very poor food and uncoordianted service). Rooms were nice, staff friendly, but all in all erratic service and some staff didn't have a clue. I've had much better service at the Oberoi.	
Dec 28 2005	Believe the Hype !!!!	My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights in late July early August and it really is one of the most fabulous Hotels we've EVER stayed in.The decor and general outlook of the hotel is beautiful and the whole experience really makes you feel special from the moment you arrive.A Tip - Ask for a direct sea facing room because whilst all rooms have some sea view, a few at the side (where we were at first)only have a partial one - We were moved on day two (as soon as another room became available)and the staff really couldn't do more to help.The whole Madinat complex is fantastic, the pool at the Quasar is lovely and very roomy but the (sometimes) under rated pool at the Mina has fabulous sea views and a really nice pool bar/cafe even if it is a little small.Best Resturants: Segretto and the Thai but every one we tried was very good.Six senses Spa was georgeous in lay out and atmosphere but overall I (and my wife) thought the massage was nothing special - Still enjoyed it, but not really worth the money ......... Unlike Everything Else !!!!!Finally, if like us your not mega rich and can only afford this type of luxery in the &quot;Off season&quot; don't be put off by July/August in Dubai - It is incredibly Hot and humid but the Madinat is SO Good and the Service so fantastic (as is the A/C ) that you really will have the time of your life !!!!! ......... Probably not the time of year to do much else than relax though !	
Dec 13 2005	best place we've stayed	Just returned from mina a salam. What a fantastic hotel, best we have stopped in. The staff are excellent, nothing is too much trouble and we felt that we lived like lottery winners for the week.The bonus is that when staying at this hotel you can also use the facilities of Al Quesar, Jumeriah beach hotel and can also visit the Burj at certain times.I don't think we walked anywhere for the full week. We either caught an abras (water taxi) or a golf buggy to anywhere on the resort.Whilst we were there, we spoke to a lot of people that tended to stop in their hotel on a night and didn't go to any of the other hotel bars. Whilst you are there make use of all the bars.Trilogy nightclub is good, if you go out onto the rooftop you can sit in a bedouin tent and have full views of the complex and the Burj. Also go to the uptown bar in the Jumeriah. It is a rooftop bar with fantastic views over dubai.There are that many restarants and bars you can't see them all. The only drawback is that drinks are expensive. Make sure you buy some duty free in dubai airport when you arrive. You can have a drink before you go out then.We also went a lot of trips, you can stay in your complex all week if you want but if you do venture out, do the sand downer, a 4x4 jeep safari over the dunes, you can watch the sunset and then have a meal in a traditional bedouin village complete with belly dancers and free wine or beer.We also went to the races at Nad al Sheba for the night. This is a good trip but you can't gamble in Dubai so don't expect any bookies.As for shopping, it is excellent for choice but it is a myth that there are a lot of bargains to be had. We thought England was cheaper.Overall the hotel and holiday was fantastic and we would recommend anyone to go there.Nicola and David BladenBarnsley	
Dec 7 2005	Out of ths world!!!!!	We went for 10 days as our honeymoon and couldn't have chosen anywhere better. Words cannot describe how fantastic the hotel, staff, location, food, rooms etc etc are. We were treated like royalty and they couldn't have made our stay any better - not one tiny complaint!!Just beware - July is VERY hot!!	
Dec 6 2005	Absolute Heaven	Just returned from five nights at the wonderful Mina a Salam.I think the name means harbour of peace which is totally true.Part of the Madinat Jumeirah group it is in my opinion the best of the group,incuding the Burj al Arab,which is a magnificent building but the decor is brash and gawdy.A few tips to make your holiday perfect:take advantage of the free shuttle buses from the hotel,to the Malls,gold souk etc.Visit the Burj on your own at the times available you will be taken and brought back by a member of the staff on a sort of golf buggy.The hotel will also book any trips you want,we had a night at the horse racing,which included a great buffet well worth the price.Finally the Mina is exceptional,the service is first class,the rooms are extremely comfortable,the choice of restaurants and bars is very good,and the little extras like fresh fruit in your rooms daily,chocolates or your pillows every night and slippers by the side of your bed make for a perfect holiday.	
Dec 4 2005	First class resort	There are loads of reviews already on this hotel and we agree with all of them! It's a great resort and everything about it is first class. You get what you pay for and if you can afford to go then you'll love it. If staying here is pushing your budget a bit then I'd be wary as you'll be constantly cringing at the prices!Outside of the resort I'd definitely recommend a morning at the wild wadi water park next door (don't forget to get your discount vouchers from reception). Plus a 4*4 desert safari offered by arabian adventures (and bookable through the hotel) is fabulous and great value too. A visit to the Burj is also a must even if it's just for cocktails on the 27th floor (no suit jacket required!).	
Nov 30 2005	Quality All ROund	I booked an Executive package. The pick up from the airport was pretty swift, bypassing even the fast track queue. The only annoyance was that I landed at the same time as another party who were shown to a car first meaning that I waited 10 minutes at the carouse (we were scruffy, they were business types).The check in takes place in the executive lounge. We landed early so a room wasn't available but we were able to use the hotel facilities, including breakfast. At 12.30 we got a room on the 2nd floor with a great view of the pool and the Burj. The room was pretty spacious with excellent facilities. The bathroom is great, especially the shower - easily room for two!The river taxi service is brilliant, if there isn't one within sight they radio ahead. The drivers can give excellent tours.In the lounge the drinks were free for a couple of hours in the evening. The seats get taken quickly but after a champagne or 2 you won't care.For dining you are spoilt for choice. We ate at the Moroccan restaurant which was great. All venues looked top quality.And last but definitely not least the beach - walk on it and you'll be offered sun loungers and umbrellas. There is a waiter service for drinks and the odd freebie (yoghurt, fruit etc) comes round every so often. The sea was great, right in the shadow of the Burj. There is also a pier to a very nice seafood restaurant - too nice for lunch, we had a fantastic clam chowder there.Overall a fantastic trip. My only gripe is I tried to rebook for next year but taking my 2 children and was told they were only taking bookings for 2 adults and a single child. Not family friendly but I guess they don't want screaming kids running around (although there is a kids club at the hotel).Well recommended, a bit pricy but what can you expect in the premium Dubai beach resort?	
Nov 26 2005	Mina A Salam - Just go and book it!!!!	We stayed in the Mina A Salam in early November 2005 for 4 nights as the return leg of our honeymoon. Words fail to describe what an amazing place this is. I have never been to such a massive hotel/complex that somehow didn't seem so massive and faceless whist being beautiful at the same time.Everything about it is amazing, the waterways with the Abra (boats) are unbelievable. The room we had was on the fourth floor with a view of the Burj which was captivating - especially at night when it glows! The room was excellent with superb service. The variety of food and wine was also excellent in the 40 or so resteraunts and bars - you could stay for 2 weeks and not get bored with the food. From a location viewpoint the hotel is also well placed - it is at the end of Jumeraih beach so well placed to get taxi's into Dubai itself and is not blighted by the building work for the palm etc - if you look really hard you can just see it on the horizon.The staff are very friendly (always saying hello, good morning etc) and keep it very informal and helpful. Also little touches like coming and putting your slippers out every night on a towel and lighting a candle in the bathroom were nice.I would recommend this hotel without reservation and thoroughly recommend that you stay at it above all others!!	
Nov 26 2005	An Outstanding Resort	Date of Stay: 10.11.05 - 22.11.05Part of the Madinat Jumeirah Resort, the Mina A Salam in one of two grand 5 star boutique hotels overlooking the stunning Burj Al Arab. The resort features more than 40 restaurants and bars; over 75 shops (within in its own Souk); a theatre; five swimming pools (including two indoors and one in the Kids Club) and the largest Spa in the Middle East.Having stayed in numerous 5 Star hotels around the world, the Mina A Salam must rank in my personal top 3. The management and staff of the hotel are extremely attentive; the accomodation superb and the facilities outstanding.We spent most of the day relaxing around the Mina A Salam pool, where the pool attendants brought you skewers of fruit (twice a day); cold towels and Evian spray to cool you down; sliced cucumbers for your eyes and cleaned your sunglasses. Lifeguards were also on duty throughout the day. Due to the vast arrange of facilities on offer, we spent very little time outside the Resort. The wide selection of restaurants - some owned and operated by the hotels, others independent - served food from every corner of the world. Favourites included The Meat Co.; Pierchic; Pai Thai; and Napa. We would recommend you avoid Al Hambra. There are also a good range of bars in the resort and even a nighclub (Trilogy) which has guest DJs. Whilst we were there, Pacha and Seb Fontain had sets.The Six Senses Spa was excellent with a broad range of treatments on offer. The three hour Executive VIP treatment I had was one of the best ever and highly recommended.When we did look to venture outside the hotel, free shuttle buses were provided to take guests to all the shopping malls and the main Souks. The Mall of the Emirates is a must see - particularly the ski facilities. There is also a massive Carrefour supermarket there should you need provisions. The weather was outstanding throughout the stay - there was no humidity and there was generally a nice breeze to cool you down.Overall the holiday was excellent, the only downside the thought of returning to work and the British winter.	
Nov 15 2005	Simply wonderful - The Mina A'Salam	We returned to the Mina A’Salam in October 2005 for a week, having previously stayed there in July 2005. The weather was cooler and less humid than July but the welcome from the staff at the Mina A’Salam was as warm as ever. Front desk staff efficiently escorted us on arrival to the Executive Club reception lounge, following our inclusive BMW transfer from the airport. The benefits of the Executive Club, separate Club room on the second floor with a large balcony, for breakfast, afternoon tea and pre-dinner canapés with alcoholic drinks served from 7.00 p.m. to 8.30 p.m. (we stayed during Ramadam), as well as all day non-alcoholic juices, more than justified the additional cost. The staff were all incredibly attentive and knew us by name within a day. The usual business facilities were also available at a fair price.The bedroom overlooked the Burj and had a ‘lagoon’ view. On arrival flowers, dates, chocolates and fresh fruit greeted us. The fruit was replenished daily, and flowers refreshed twice during our stay. Housekeeping was first class. Fresh towels appeared without having to be requested. Turn down service with a chocolate on the pillow and slippers are nice touches. Excellent bathroom with the usual ‘extras’ and a small candle lit in the evening. In room mini-bar is expensive, as most hotels are. The laundry and pressing service is first class. The beds huge and comfortable with wonderful linen sheets.Staff around the pool were very efficient and attentive, towels provided and one for a ‘pillow’. Our stay coincided with Ramdam, this did nothing but add to the overall pleasure of our visit. There is a supply of chilled fruit skewers, Evian water face sprays, sun glass cleaning, chilled face towels and chilled cucumber slices from the pool staff, all nice touches. Numerous life guards both poolside and on the beach. Even with the hotel at full capacity you could always find spare sun loungers.This time I was given a guided tour of the leisure complex, enough equipment here to satisfy the most ardent ‘keep fit’ enthusiast; a wonderful indoor child’s learner pool and lap pool with two squash courts, steam room and sauna. The tennis courts were further away near the Spa area. We have not yet tried the Spa complex.The choice of some first class restaurants on site will satisfy most tastes, booking is essential otherwise you will only get late timings i.e. 9.30 p.m. onwards. Staff are happy to book the restaurants for you. We enjoyed amongst others The Wharf, Pierchic and Trader Vic’s.Security around the resort is discreet but effective, you may be asked for your room number and name as confirmation you are staying in one of the Jumeirah International hotels. We travelled without our children but we would feel they were very safe on site. Golf buggies and water taxis are plentiful to transport you around the resort.Watersports well catered for on the beach, we had a great trip deep sea fishing booked at Yacht Solutions based near the Jumeirah Beach hotel, as well as a speed boat trip to see progress on the Palm. Both well priced.If you want to be pampered and cared for we can thoroughly recommend the Mina A’Salam. In October it was very much busier than when we stayed in July, however this did not affect the level of service that we received from the staff and management that we came across. Return trip to the airport via the hotel Mercedes efficiently handled.All we have to do now is to find another free week.	
Nov 10 2005	Very Impressive	We have stayed here twice this year. Each time the hotel has been excellent - rooms/service/fitness facilities....There is a great range of restaurants around the resort although they have introduced a somewhat arbitrary no under 10s rule in some of the better restaurants	
Nov 9 2005	Just didn't want to leave..already booked to go back	Stay at the Mina, the neighbouring Al Quasar or at the Villas - its the same complex and shared facilities. Its amazing. If you take tour round the whole complex (which you do by water taxi!) it is a little like being on a film set of an Indianna Jones movie - its not really all that authentic if that's what you are after, but the service - the little extras - (the staff spray you with cool water and come and clean your sunglasses as you are sitting by the pool) its all just magical. We travelled with 2 children aged 7 and 10 and despite the size of the resort we felt totally safe letting them roam free - there are loads lifeguards everywhere around the pools and on the beaches and also a lot security guards so I felt very confident in not having to watch my children every second and I could relax. My kids shared a deluxe double room with us, and yes it was a bit squashy with them on a sofa bed - but the slight niggle would not be worth the cost of 2 rooms - stay longer instead. Drinks are expensive - £5.00 for a beer - simple burger and fries lunch at the pool bar could easily cost £65 for 2 adults and 2 children. Book into the premium leisure club - all soft drinks are free and alcholol between 6 and 8pm, plus lovely canapes twice a day meaning most days we just didn't bother with lunch and went there pre dinner and didn't have starters when we ate out either. The only gripe is that you can only have the premium leisure drinks whilst in the lounge, you can't take them back to the poolBut generally - just a fantastic resort - can't wait to go back	
Oct 23 2005	AMAZING!!! What are you waiting for!	One of the best hotels I have stayed in. Magical from the moment you sweep up the driveway!Reception area takes your breath away - and the rooms were fantastic. HUGE bathrooms, comfy (and huge) beds - and a fab view of the Burj from the balcony.Breakfast was absolutely everything you could imagine - buffet style, with smiling and friendly staff. We only stayed for 4 nights at B&amp;B, but hope to be back!!The beach is beautiful - no building works near here when we were there in Sept. Water taxis take you round the complex and to the souk - restaurants and shops a-plenty! Pool area was spotless and very inviting - poolside bar overlooking the Burj. Jeep desert safari recommended!Only downside of the stay is £5 per beer!! Top tip - Make good use of the duty free shop that is open on arrival if you like a drink!Go on, you know you deserve it!!	
Oct 23 2005	Out of this world!!!!	We stayed at the Mina al salam for our honeymoon in August this year. We had orignially booked to stay in the Jumeriah Beach Hotel but following advice that there were due to be building works we changed at the last minute. We were however extremely pleased that we had made this change after visiting both hotels. Jumeriah is fab but doesen't compare to the luxurious, authentic Mina al Salam. The rooms are fantastic and we would strongly recommend booking club executive - the private breakfast lounge is quiet and peaceful and the afternoon canapes and drinks served 3pm - 5pm are well worth going to, not to mention pre dinner drinks and canapes where you can be served anything from champagne to tea/coffee. The private transfers from the airport to the hotel are brilliant and save you a good hour or so queuing in customs. Overall this holiday was fantastic and I can't imagine anyone not having a superb time! Men be aware long trousers are required in most restaurants.	
Oct 12 2005	Absolute luxury Mina a Salam	Stayed at the Mina for 6 days, and had a wonderful time. The hotel was just fantastic, and the staff just couldn't do enough for you.You don't have to worry about building works if you stay in this hotel, as they're aren't any at this end.The beach was great, and well staffed, for drinks and safety.I definetley hope to be going back!!!!	
Oct 11 2005	A Wonderful Place	What a fantastic hotel. From start to finish the service was perfect, and the hotel, from the rooms to the communal areas were spotlessly maintained.Definitely recommend going for the Club Exec upgrade if you can, the extras really make it worthwhile. Key benefits include: Arriving at the airport &amp; being met by a hotel representative who will whisk you through immigration past all the queues, limo transport to the hotel, private check in/lounge/consierge area, complimentary (and excellent) breakfast (delivered to you room &amp; set up on your balcony at no extra cost if you'd like a change from eating in the lounge), complimentary afternoon tea &amp; snacks, complimentary evening drinks &amp; canapes, with final limo transport back to the airport at the end.You pay more for the above of course, but if you make good use of the services, the breakfast/snacks/evening drinks etc, it can practically pay for itself - many of the hotel restaurants/bars are good, but not cheap, so to have had a couple of drinks/snacks before going out, means you can then go without pre meal drinks/starters etc if you want to save a bit of money - all adds up during the week.The Abbras (river taxis) were great with informed &amp; friendly staff, the spa was a delight (not cheap but worth at least one visit, you'll not regret it), and views of the Burj (an amazing &amp; imposing building), just add to the experience).We visited the Burj al Arab hotel one evening &amp; were glad we chose the Mina a Salam. It's worth going there for the experience (interesting use of colour...), but beware the prices - we had a lovely meal at the fish restaurant (complete with huge aquarium surroundings), but a glass of champagne &amp; main meal each, with half a bottle of wine to share (ie no starters, water or deserts = £200) - great food, but you get far better value at some of the other restaurants.Worth booking the desert safari trip while you're there - 4x4 dune riding, desert meal/drinks/entertainment, camel riding, star gazing - great value for the money. The wild wadi waterpark next to the hotel is also great fun.Other points of note - Full use of both Mina a Salam &amp; Al Qasr (sister hotel in the resort), so a huge variety of restaurants &amp; bars, a great gym with indoor pools, loads of up to date equipment &amp; squash courts, indoor souk (market) with good variety of shops (though maybe not as 'authentic' as they'd like to think), private beach, great poolside service (expensive food &amp; drink but nice little extras like complimentary melon, cold towels, even offers to wipe your sunglasses). Great place to indulge &amp; relax, without it being in any way stuffy or formal, and the staff could not be more friendly &amp; polite.	
Sep 27 2005 	Friekin' Outstanding	I thought I had stayed in some wonderful places..........Esperanza at Cabo........Park Royal in Tahiti...........The Sands in T &amp; C. BUT, this place takes the biscuit. Stunning location and discreet but always available service and truly private beach...............no day trippers allowed, not even guests of guests. Get some of this while you can.	
Sep 23 2005	Awesome	My wife and I stayed at the Mina A Salam from the 3rd to the 10th of September, this was our second visit to Dubai (stayed at Royal Mirage in November) and Mina A Salam is by far and away the best hotel we've ever stayed in, no construction work anywhere near it is a definite bonus. From your arrival at reception the service is phenomenal nothing is too much trouble.Go to Pisces if you like seafood and the meat company if you don't (sorry niether of us are veggies).Feel free to E-mail me for any further info.	
Sep 19 2005	Overwhelming II	The review titled &quot;Overwhelming&quot; below says it all. This is the finest hotel I have ever stayed in and the vast collection of restaurants in the souk area are outstanding too. We also had an excellent meal at Segreto but I would also recommend fish restaurant Pisces and the Spanish Al Hambra.I couldnt fault this place on anything....unlike the famous Burj al Arab hotel opposite where we had most offhand service.	
Sep 14 2005	Overwhelming!	I have just returned from a week at the Mina A' Salam to celebrate my 40th. What an experience. The hotel is just fantastic and there was nothing whatsoever I could fault. The staff were wonderful - so polite yet friendly and so helpful. Nothing was too much trouble. The setting is just perfect with the Burj Al Arab right alongside. The waterways at the hotel which link to Al Qasr hotel and the souq make the setting like none other. The service both at the pool and on the beach was just awesome. It was a special trip and coincided with our anniversary - they got to know of this and presented us with a cake! If you're visiting to celebrate a special occasion, it's well worth letting them know, they'll do all they can to make it one to remember. Use the pool at Al Qasr too! Segreto (Italian restaurant) was great and the Noodle House was fantastic value. They made me feel like a princess and although I have travelled worldwide, I can honestly say this was the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Our 10 yr old had a fantastic time and they make children very welcome. We upgraded to Premium Leisure which was well worth it - afternoon tea from 3pm - 4.30 and canapes and open bar from 6pm til 8pm. The rooms are beautiful and everywhere is so clean - they have an army of housekeeping staff who seem to be cleaning all day. The abra drivers are great fun and are full of info on the hotel/resort. Afternoon tea at the Burj is well worth it - just for the experience! Use the golf buggies at the Mina to take to to Burj, Jumeirah Beach and Wild Wadi. Dubai is a wonderful place to visit - just looking forward to returning soon! Enjoy!!	
Sep 5 2005	Oh my gosh!! - I'm sick 	OUT OF DATE FOOD :-( ......Just got back yesturday from our Honeymoon at the Mina a Salm after 10 day stay. Hotel is wonderful to look at cant fault it. My husband raid the mini bar and ate there most expensive chocolates after eating 3-4 he was sick and got diahorea for 2 days. I checked the date on the packaging to find OUT OF DATE food by 2 months. I took it up with the hotel they passed the complain from person to person and no one was taking the issue seriously they claim that they did test on the chocs and they were low risk. They also wanted to do blood samples but wanted me to pay for the privaledge. Finally they offered us to go and have some food in there restaurant whilst they resolved the issue. on doing so my husband found a stone in his food 0.5cm big we were left wondering if the food had been sabatajed as we complained. The outcome was not resolved except great appolagise which left us very unhappy on our ruined honeymoon.	
Aug 28 2005	Simply the Best!!! You Will Love It	I booked this hotel as a suprise for my wife's 30th birthday. Ourselves and two friends stayed from the 12th to the 19th August 2005, in 2 deluxe rooms.The hotel is the on par with the best hotels in the world. From the moment you arrive you are treated with warmth, respect and a sense of being somewhere special.The rooms are large with everything you could possibly need for your stay. There was no -ve points at all. The beds are comfortable, large and with ample pillows of assorted types. ie duck down, manmade fibre etc.The pool was great, cooling and refreshing when the temp. guage hit 122.F (50c). There was ample beds which were extremely comfortable and there are plenty of brollies too.The restaurants in the hotel, the souk and in Al Qsar and around the villa's are fantastic. Every meal was wonderful and the buffet for choice could not be beaten. Visit Bar Zar in the souk on a Friday, Saturday and Sunday from 5pm 'til closing for some great drinks promotions and live music.Left Bank, tucked away in the lower level of the souk, next to the waterway is a great bar, but the clientele is very British.All the bars in the hotels are fantastic and have ample choice and the measures are fantastic, so don't worry too much about the price.We visited the Jumeirah Beach hotel and I have got to say, what a relief that we changed and did not book there. It was like a cruise ship, full of kids and drunk middle aged British people making a fool of themselves. It was like Butlins.Anyway back to the Mina. This is truely a fantastic location and hotel with everything you could imagine to do and see.You will love it it truely is great....!!!!!	
Aug 28 2005	One of the best luxury arabian themed hotel	We just got back from staying for ten days at this wonderful hotel with a party of 5 adults &amp; 3 children. This one has to be seen to be believed, with its own water taxi and buggy transportation to other parts of the hotel complex(one of three), superb private beach and you get free cocktails and tropical fruit on hand while you soak up the sun. The rooms are of the highest quality (a bit on the small side), designed with arabian influences, with sat t.v., internet, fax machine and a stunning balcony seaview. The hotel staff were polite and helpful, the food was of the highest quality, with a variety that can't be matched. There's a (pricey)health a spa, many swimming pools, a fabulous gym with squash courts, tennis courts, I can't even list the many things this hotel has to offer. It is not the cheapest of hotels, but you're paying for quality, &amp; I would definately return there one day, more deserving of a 5 star plus.	
Aug 23 2005	Simply the Best......	Having stayed in a number of top class hotels around the world I have to say that the Mina a Salam has taken its place at the top of my list. The sheer luxury, beauty and natural tranquility of this resort cannot be described on paper or in pictures and has to be seen to be believed! Myself, my boyfriend (now fiance) and his parents stayed in the hotel for 10 days on what was our first trip to Dubai. From the moment we arrived in Dubai airport our every need was taken care of by the hotel staff, who were friendly, welcoming and operated with an ethos of customer service that is unmatched in the UK or even the USA.Our arrival into Dubai City was mesmerising...we arrived in the early hours of the morning and our driver, who had picked us up in a gorgeous Range Rover, kept us comfortable throughout our journey offering us water and checking that the temperature in the car was comfortable. After a 20 minute journey, the resort rose magically in the distance.When we arrived at the hotel, we were awed by the beautiful grand entrance, covered in roses and smelling of the most wonderful incense. We were quickly and efficiently transferred to the Club Executive check in, where we sat on leather couches and drank a cool, crisp glass of wine while our rooms were prepared.From this point on, things only got better......our rooms, compact but comfortable, our view breathtaking, the food at breakfast, afternoon tea (like you've never seen before!) and during the 'Happy Hour' from 6-8pm was to die for. Also during the 'Happy Hour' guests on the Club Executive plan could choose from a variety of spirits or Champagne which could be enjoyed as the sun set and the evening brought the resort alive. After sunset, it was time to board one of the resort abras (water taxis) which transported you through meandering waterways and twinkling lights to the lively Souk in the Madinat Resort. Here restaurants and bars abound to suit every taste and every night could be spent exploring and enjoying.The overall service in the entire resort was impecable - one of the waitresses in the Club Executive lounge even searched the resort for my boyfriend's father's favourite whiskey!All in all it was a holiday made in heaven, made even more special by my boyfriend's romantic proposal, which was followed by a night of champagne, candles, exceptional chinese food in Zeng He's restuarant and Bellini's in the Skybar at the Burj Al Arab.On the downside - if there could be any - the hotel and the resort is expensive (by expensive I mean 4 star UK hotel prices) so be prepared to save before you go and spend lots when you get there - however, it is more than worth it!We did explore some of the other hotels in the area, Jumeriah Beach, Al Qasr etc, but nothing could match the truly unique offerings of the Mina.Would I go back? In a heartbeat! We have already chosen this hotel as our Honeymoon destination in 2007. My only hope is that we have a small lottery win so that we can return before then.......	
Aug 22 2005	good time	Have recently returned from mina a salam, service was first class, rooms were superb, huge double bed, large shower and bath, we payed extra for a premium leisure room which was well worth it, breakfast, afternoon tea and happy hour! although the pool was fairly small at this hotel it was easy enough to use pool at adjoining hotel, it always looked like the sun loungers were being saved, but discovered when handing back our towels that we should just leave them on the loungers to be picked up by the staff therefore loungers looked occupied but were not. Great value having free access to wild wadi, short journey by golf cart. Only downside was did not appear to be family friendly only the buffet catered for children for evening meals. Would go back again for longer.	
Aug 22 2005	Mina a salam	I stayed in the hotel with my mum just over a year ago now (July '05) and the hotel itself was absolutely beautiful- really understated Arabian glamour with beautiful dark wood finishings but still really modern at the same time.All the bedrooms and public rooms were beautiful. And your bathroom is the most luxurious that i have ever seen!Wide and varied choices for breakfasts and dinners. And good quality food.The only thing was we were there before the resort was completely finished, which i have heard it is now so this para is irrelevant! But i understand that it is now part of a great big complex of shops, theatres, and sports activities.it's right beside the burj al arab and is on the arabian gulf front so the views are spectacular. in my opinion the mina was a nicer hotel than the burj which is all gold and glitz and a bit too 1998 for my tastes (perhaps its just because i can't afford it!).In short - you can't go wrong with your stay at the Mina!	
Aug 21 2005	Were do i start !	This hotel as to be up there with the very best anywhere in the world,we booked a exce room and it was worth every penny we spent.It all started when we touched down in Dubai we were fast tracked through the airport so no queues for us, and whisked off in our waiting range rover with cold towels and water awaiting us, it took only 50 minutes from landing to walking through the very impressive lobby at Mina A Salam, now that as to be quick by anyones standards.We were taken to the exce lounge to check in and it still was`nt 8-00 am having landed at 7-05 am, i had requested a room with a veiw of the Burj Al Arab via E-mails as it was our wedding anniversary holiday, and was told our room was not yet free,and given a mobile phone so they could let us know when it was ready. Within an hour the phone rang and off we went to a very impressive room with the best veiw of the Burj you could wish for.After a nice trip around the Madinat complex via the free Abra`s (water taxi to you and me) and a lazy day by the pool it was time to try out the next part of having an exce room,afternoon tea from 3-5pm god what a spread scones with fresh cream ,jam, cakes, dinky little sandwiches and a lot more, after all that it was time for 40 winks,well it was our anniversary holiday.After getting ready for the evening with all the free toiletries it was time for the next part of having an exce room canapes from 6-8pm with as much top of the range drinks as you could wish for all free of coarse,and this goes on every day of your stay,you could quite easily have enough freebies through the day so you don`t need to go for dinner and we did just that on one day of our stay,but it was nice to get out to try the many restaurants that are near by in the Madinat complex.On the day of our anniversary when it was time for them 40 winks we got to our room to find a lovely bunch of flowers,a chocolate cake,and a hand written card from the staff in the exce lounge.When we went to the exce lounge for evening canapes we were greeted with a single red rose for the wife and a bottle of Moet and two glasses.We went to Zheng He`s for our anniversary meal to be met by more roses for the wife,and after the meal yet another chocolate cake was layed before us,as you can tell by all the comments about food and drink in this post you can tell we let our selfs go a bit.We had another lovely meal in the Jam Base, we choose the lamb shank whitch just fell of the bone,in a very romantic setting,that cannot be said about the worst meal we had at the Meat Co.it was so loud you were listening to about 3/4 conversations at the same time.And to make things worse the T-Bone i ordered well done was almost raw near the bone and medium through the rest of it,but that was the only down side to our wonderful holiday.On the last day of our holiday the staff in the exce lounge amazed us still further. After checking out at 3-00pm our onward flight to Hong Kong was not until 3-05am we asked if we could have a curtasy room about 9-00pm so we could relax for a couple of hours before our flight, but the hotel was 100% full, and after about two hours of trying to jiggle the rooms around so we could have a rest they came up trumps again, the only room in the all hotel they do not book out is the body guards room on the 7th floor next to the royal suite for the high and mighty.So to cut this very long story short i would recomend this hotel and it`s staff to anyone who would like to be pampered in a great setting.	
Aug 18 2005	Wow!	It was like staying in a magical place rather like something out of Disney.Stayed in the Villas and had our own personal butler and PA to do our bidding. We had an early flight home and had to get up at 4am. Not expecting anything a complimentary breakfast of freshly squeezed orange warm toast and coissants freshly brewed cofee and tea arrived. We are definately going back.	
Aug 7 2005	Beautiful!	I was simply blown away by the Mina A'Salam. I stayed there in Oct '03 for 4 nights and would love to have stayed longer if I could have done. The hotel has much more of an Arabian theme than the others on Jumeirah Beach- The Burj Al Arab and Jumeirah Beach hotel are much more 'flashy'- so staying here was a refreshing change. The rooms are just stunning- a great size with the most comfortable beds I have every slept in. Every other day or so they leave fresh fruit for you in the room which was lovely. The breakfast is also not to be missed- a wonderful buffet- style affair with friendly and attentative staff.Dubai overall is such a wonderful country. Great shops, lovely beaches, opulant hotels and a desert for safaris- what more could you want?Unfortunately due to a huge rise in popularity the prices of most Dubai hotels have soared- so I personally can no longer afford to visit. However if you can afford it I strongly recommend staying at this hotel- it deserves all of its 5 stars and you will not be even slightly disappointed.	
Aug 6 2005	Ddn't quite live up to all the hype...	The Mina A' Salam is undoubtedly a very good hotel.....but we didn't feel it lived up to the hype awarded to it by other reviewers on this site.Reading other reviews, it looks like most guests are fast-tracked through immigration at Dubai airport..but unfortunately we weren't! It took us at least 30 minutes to get through....and it was the same for business, first and economy class passengers.Upon arrival at the hotel (at 7.00 in the morning) we were confronted with a long queue at reception. Again, another 20 minute wait.However the hotel slightly redeemed itself by finding us a room straightaway (even though the official check-in time is after 1pm) at no extra cost. Our room was very nice...spacious, clean, and very comfortable. And the restaurants were all good too.Guests at the Mina can use all of the facilities at its sister hotels (Al Qasr, Jumeirah Beach..even the Burj (at official visiting times!), as well as gain free entry to the Wild Wadi Water Park.The biggest disappointment was however the pool at the Mina, which is a joke. It's far too small for a hotel of that size. However, this problem can easily be overcome by hopping on an Abra (boat) at the Mina and going to the Al Qasr pool which is apparently the largest in the Middle East and is wonderful. Next time we will try one of the new hotels due to open soon on the Palm Island!!	
Aug 5 2005	GORGEOUS!	This was the last stop on a holiday also including the Seychelles and Mauritius. I'm glad we left this until last as the other hotels would have never lived up to the Mina (not that they were bad)!We arrived very early in the morning and didn't expect a room straight away. we checked in and were given a voucher to take complimentary breakfast in the restaurant and a mobile phone that reception would call when our room was available. We'd just finished a leisurely breakfast (has to be leisurely, it takes a while to peruse the vast amount of food available from the buffet) and we were informed that our room was ready. When we got to our room it was only set for 2 (booked a room for 3) - this was the only problem we encountered and was soon rectified.Our room (125) had a fabulous view of the Burj al Arab and was well furnished in a traditional arabic style. The bathroom is fantastic with a great range of toiletries and a shower that i never wanted to step out of!Dining was fantastic. We were given a guide to all the Jumeirah restaurants and the hotel has it's own booking desk. We tried Jam Base, the indian restaurant in Souk Madinat (i forget the name) Pierchic and afternoon tea at the Burj al Arab. The Burj was a disappointment (i've had better, much cheaper in London) but all others exceded my expectations. Wine is very expensive but food prices seemed very reasonable for the standard of restaurant so it balances out really. We did venture a little further to visit Spectrum on One on Sheikh Zayed Road, without a doubt the best meal i had in Dubai and highly recommended. Of the bars we visited Bar Zar was good for live music but Bahri Bar at the Mina was our favourite watering hole.We didn't bother going to the huge swimming pool at Al Qasr, the pool at Mina A Salam is fairly small but was never too busy and service was superb. We also visited Wild Wadi Waterpark and though our brochure and invoice stated discounted entry we were told by the hotel it was free - so that was a pleasant surprise!Even housekeeping were fantastic. Turndown was not only that but they'd place a chocolate by each pillow, a glass and bottle of water by your bedside, ice in the ice bucket, check you had clean towels and light the candles in the bathroom, etc. It seems everyone in this hotel cannot do enough for you!I could go on but i'd best get off and look at booking my next trip to the Mina A Salam!!	
Aug 2 2005	Absolutely superb	We stayed at the mina a salam for 6 nights after reading the reviews on trip advisor- We weren't disappointed !.From the moment we walked in, the service was exceptional, we arrived at 9am and we were given our room straightaway. ive never seen so many staff, all extremely courteous and wanting to help.The room itself - a deluxe balcony room, was spotless and was serviced 3-4 times a day.We had booked a room only deal and found the breakfast in the al muna and wharf restaurants excellent.(cost £15stg/us$27 per person) If you want a less expensive or lighter breakfast there are alternatives such as japengo on the waterfront of the souk or various coffee shops such as brewsters, starbucks and juice bars in the madinat souk. We ate at a variety of restaurants, I would highly recommend the Meat Co. which was excellent. We also ate at the noodle house (singapore), Pai Thai, Toscana(italian) all of which were excellent. We went to Trader Vics a few times, the food (french polynesian) was average but the surroundings and cocktail choice was very good. - This I think is a place where people like to be seen.!We went to the beach and pool at the al qasr on a few occasions and were greeted by staff who insisted on laying out your towels on your chosen bed and making a pillow for you. They would regularly bring around ice cold scented face towels and evian spray to cool you down. They also brought complementary cold fresh fruit skewers and fruit sorbet which were very gratefully received in 43degrees C temperatures. If you wanted a drink you could simply call a waiter who would happily arrange this.The sea itself is like getting into a warm bath- warmer than the pool. There are lifeguards every 50 metres or so which makes things very safe. The waves were mixed some days at low tide it was great but later on the tide was quite strong.The hotel belongs to jumeirah international which also owns the burj, jumeirah beach hotel and also the wild wadi park, all of which you can use and the buggies will take you directly to them.We were informed by one of the abra drivers that if we took our keycard we could get complimentary access to the wild wadi park.(saving £23stg/US$40 per person)- We took advantage of this on two occasions.The park itself was again excellent, no real queues to speak of and the food and drink inside was inexpensive. This is the first water park that ive ever been in that has uphill slides !!You are given a wristband at the gate and you can credit it with money - either cash or charged to your room. Any credit left is refunded as you leave the park. If you are staying in the hotel you dont need towels either- these are complementary, if however you require a locker this will set you back 15 dirhams.The madinat souk itself was, compared to the city expensive. If you go to the gold souk in the city be prepared to haggle, look for at least 25% off the original price - they will come down to it. If you are way below the true value they will shake your hand and happily let you go without trying to haggle further.There are a lot of people trying to sell you fake watches and handbags. If you agree they will take you down a number of alleys to a back door of a shop or office where everything is kept- again like everything there are varying qualities and after not buying anything from the first shop, we were taken to a &quot;better quality one&quot; and were told that&quot; they were not copies from china but singapore !!! &quot;?There is a lot of building work in dubai at the moment and also for the next few years but there is nothing in sight or sound of the mina a salam.To summarise, having stayed in many luxury hotels this was the best for quality and service - a little expensive in some of the restaurants - but only what you expect from a place of this quality. We would definitely return.	
Aug 1 2005	Highly recommended	Friendly service; Fantastic Rooms! Yes, its no doubt to say that its pricy, but worth spending it!I stayed in Mina A' Salam with my wife in early July, surely enjoy the service in this hotel. You can have breakfast in Mina as well as Al Qsar. You will feel the coziness in Mina and the royal luxury in Al Qsar. I would say Mina is more fitted for young couples and its less expensive to stay in Mina than in Al Qsar. But you can also enjoy the facilities in Al Qsar. The swimming pool in Al Qsar is great and we spent most of our time there.We definitely will return to Mina A' Salam...!!	
Jul 30 2005	Absolutely Fantastic!!	My husband and I stayed here for 10 nights and we loved it!! Although the weather was very hot we spent most of our time in the pool. We went on an Abra (water ferry) to the pool at Al Qasr every day because it was much bigger. We had an executive club room which was gorgeous and the service we received in the Club lounge was impeccable. I have stayed in many first class hotels but this was amazing. Every night we went to a different restaurant, sometimes in the hotel and sometimes in the Souk. We went to Wild Wadi one day which was fun. All in all a great holiday. We will probably go back in January.	
Jul 19 2005	outstanding	Just returned from the Mina after spending 12 days there. All I can say is &quot;fantastic&quot;. We booked quite late therefore we thought that we would not have a great room, however our room was great with a view of the Burj Al Arab and the sea. Everything about this hotel is brilliant, the staff are the best I have come across and the service is second to none. Dubai is a fantastic place and there is no where better to stay. Highly recommend it and cant wait to go back !!!	
Jul 4 2005	good	nice hotel but very expensive. service could be better.	
Jun 23 2005	A fantastic place to be 50 !!!	Just returned yesterday June 22nd after 6 days of absolute luxury in what must be the best hotel we have ever stayed in anywhere in the world, and certainly one in which to enjoy the Big Five O !! The hotel recognised my &quot;happy event&quot; with special greeting cakes and flowers and ensured that the party wnt on for days!!Everything about our stay was absolutely faultless and all the previous reveiws have picked on aspects of the place that we too encountered and enjoyed to the full.It is not cheap - but as the saying goes , &quot;you get what you pay for &quot; - this haven of peace and tranquility is a pure joy and really cant recommend it highly enough - we will be back!!	
Jun 7 2005	sheer decadence!	Stayed at the Mina 26 may-4june 05..and altho it was the most expensive hotels ive stayed in, it was really worth it.. (The Uk can learn alot from this kind of hospitalilty!)The hotel, from the moment you entered the lobby, was sheer opulence..the smell of the incense, the beautiful roses, that you had to get close up too, to see if they really were real(and they were!) prior to that, we were fast tracked thru customs, and shown to our fab BMW with leather seats, and a very welcome iced vanilla almond scented towel!..The room was not ready for a while, but we were given breakfast, and drinks, and had a bimble around the pool..(Hint; if its an overnight flight, take swim stuff in your hand luggage, as your cases will be taken from you, and then appear in the room!) you dont need beach towels, they are provided.. we had a premium leisure room,and i need not have taken any shampoo,conditioner,mouthwash,soaps.. it was all there, and wonderfully presented!the room itself was nice, not overly big, but well maintained, and very clean, and the sheets were crisp white egyptian cotton.. divine!We also had a beautiful basket of flowers in our room, as it was our anniversary celebration too.fresh fruit was left everyday..as was the morning paper..breakfast was awesome! 3 places to choose from, Al Muhna, The Wharf, and the premiuim leisure lounge.. all 3 are good, but we liked the wharf! Fab juices,amazing fruit, and try the meusili,with a few strawberries on top.. yum yum!(pancakes, waffles, mushrooms, bacon, sausages,hoummous, tomato salad, bagels, salmon,mango milk, strawberry milk... its an endless list, cakes, muffins,croissants of all varieties... etc etc)If you get a premium leisure room, you also get afternoon tea, and pre dinner canpes.. well, food has never looked so good. Im a veggie, and one day there was little veggie options available, so they made me a cheese and cucmber toasted sarni..with panache!The champagne flowed like water between 6pm &amp; 8pm (veuve clicquot? moet -chandon..).. you could have mostly any drink there too..johnnie walker black label.. well, you have to try it, dont you..??They bring you iced vanilla flannels to cool you down,and evian face cooler too, if you want it, as you sit by the pool/beach, also fruit skewers, which were heavenly.. closely followed by thin slces of cucmber(iced of course) 'for the eyes!'.. clearly the guy thought i was going to eat them!!and if that just wasnt enough,fresh fruit slush.. This kind of treatment is what every woman dreams of, but unfortunately, keanu reeves was unable to be by my side to finish off that perfect dream.. but saying that, i think my other half was feeling pampered too.. in a blokey kinda way!The beaches are beautiful, and the Burj at night, is stunning!This hotel is by far 'The Best'...any moans?? nope.. cant think of any, other than signing that final bill.. but believe me..'You're worth it!'	
Jun 6 2005	Amazing!!!	If you've read a few of the reviews of the Mina you'll get the general idea about this hotel ... it is a wonderful hotel, the best my boyfriend and I have ever stayed in, and (hard as it may be to believe) ALL of the fantastic things said about it here are true! But none can quite do it justice ...We stayed for 4 nights in May, and had a room overlooking the sea and the Burj - pretty impressive whilst having a drink on your balcony! The staff were attentive but not intrusive - they all stop to wish you good morning/good evening when they pass you and generally make you feel like royalty. They also seem to genuinely care that you enjoy your stay, and do all they can to make sure you do.The restaurants are fantastic - definitely take advantage of the booking system in the hotels, as you get much better tables, and you'll get in when they're busy! Shimmers at the Mina is a beautiful restaurant - right on the beach, lit with fire sticks, and serving fantastic bbq type food (but fairly upmarket obviously!!). Shoo Fee Ma Fee is a Moroccan in the souk, I could live in this restaurant as it's decorated so well!! Our favourite though was PaiThai - great Thai food, and a romantic setting on the water.Pool is beautiful, very attentive waiters (most comfortable loungers ever!). The pool at Al Qasr is absolutely amazing though - spend time here if you can. Book into the Burj for cocktails if you want to be nosy but can't afford dinner - you'll get fabulous views of the Palm and the World, plus the Madinat, and if you can stretch out your £10 cocktail for a while it's well worth it!Rooms are fabulous, toiletries smell unbelievable, even the music they pipe into the rooms is beautiful. Finally - what could be better - there's even a turtle sanctuary! A great way to spend your breakfast watching them paddling about. Can I make it any clearer - this is a wonderful hotel, worth every penny, we're already planning our next trip!	
Jun 3 2005	Amazing	Have just returned from a week in Dubai with my boyfriend and what can i say apart from this hotel has got to be one of the best hotels in the world. They treat you like royalty from the moment you arrive until the moment you leave. The pool area is the best ive ever seen with pool attendants straight there putting the towels on your bed for you and bringing you fruit kebabs which were very nice. Food at the pool bar was lovely especially the steak rolls! The views of the Burj at night were lovely. The waterpark is next door its okay not the best ive been to. You must visit the MEAT CO steak house we went twice and it was the nicest steak i have ever had book in advance as it gets very busy, also the Thai restaurant is worth a visit bit pricey but you get the best king prawns ever. Could go on and on about this hotel i loved it so much i want to go back next year for two weeks, wish i could afford longer.	
May 28 2005	Great time at the Mina!	Spent a week at the Mina a Salam in early May. Booked an Executive room which included private transfers to and from the airport, it also gave access to an Executive dining room for breakfast (no children) and free pre dinner drinks and bits to eat (Moet and Veuve Clique included). The rooms were spacious and although the balconies were very small could fit a small table and two chairs. We had a room with a sea view and overlooking an abra station and waterways. One of the great things about the Madinet is you can eat at any of the restaurants in Dar al Masyaf, Al Qasr, the Burg and Jumeirah Beach and charge it to your room at the Mina. Best restaurants were Paithai, Carnevale at the Jumeirah and Al Mahara at the Burg (be prepared to pay at least 150 per head at the Burg and book before you go). The Meat Factory has the best steak i have tasted in a very long time.We went on a Dessert Safari which was an experience not to be missed and to Wild Wadi. The pool at the Mina is small but you can use the pools anywhere but we used the beach mostly. Golf buggies run up and down regularly all free like the abras. The hotel provide free shuttle buses into the major shopping malls and the City although taxis are very cheap.Dubai is definately somewhere to visit again.	
May 20 2005	blown away	this place will blow you away - simple as that. as other reviews state it is actually 3 different 'hotels' within the overall resort which translates as the city of jumeirah. you have access to it all - via abras (boats), buggies or walking. plus you can walk or ride along the promenade to burj al arab, jumeirah beach and the water park. to see it, esp at night, has to be believed. you will love this place - it is stunning, spotlessly clean, luxurious, unique and very stylish. although huge (c1km end to end and c3000 guests) it never feels busy or crowded and the c4000 staff provide an exceptional service). the views at burj al arab at night are incredible as are the views of the resort itself - esp from the many roof top and upper level bars e.g. kouba bar in the al qasr hotel.we (couple - male 40's, female 30's) flew in from the uk for a six day break first week in may. landed at the airport, met by a personal guide who fast tracked us thru customs, collected luggage and escorted us to our chaufeur driven beemer (pre booked for c?30 each way - bargain) for the 20 mins trip to hotel. we flew overnight landing at 7.00am local time so this great service really helps.at the resort itself we were staying in the summer houses (dar al masyaf) so we had a private check in area and our room was available immediately so we were able to shower and have a quick sleep. i had requested an early check in and i don't know if this was typical but they said even if the room had not been available they would have given us a temporary room to change / sleep etc but being able to get straight to our room really helped.up to this point everything had been top notch and trouble free and from then on it just got better.the villas are huge - we had villa 5, room 5 which i reckon is about the best of the lot - facing the beach, views of burj al arab and closest to the pool. don't go for the non beach villas as they are not much cheaper and whilst they each have a small pool shared between about 11 rooms the settings (whilst still fantastic) are not as good as the beach facing ones. i would recommend the villas as again they are the same price bracket as the hotel rooms but you don't feel like you are in a hotel at all. they also have complementary drinks (beer, wine, champagne, cocktails) for villa guests from 6pm - 8pm each night. we paid c?390 per night all in inc taxes which included breakfast and evening drinks and whilst this is alot of money, for what you get in terms of the room, the resort and the freebies it is incredible value for money - cheap at twice the price and i don't think you could better it anywhere in the gulf or similar winter sun destinations e.g. caribbean, med, seychelles etcthe restaurants cover every price range and style you could want - pisces, nappa and the wharf were all excellent. wharf was probably best value at under ?100 for a great meal - other two were c?130 and also great but perhaps not worth the extra dosh. there are loads of quality cheaper places to eat if you have blown your budget on the room / flight etc!a few other points:thought it might be uncomfortably hot but it wasn't, even with temps in the 30's breeze helps - in fact on a couple of days it was too windy (in my view) to be on the beach though the pool was fineearly may = russian holidays so the place was full of very stylish russians! try the spa - the massages are greatwe never ventured off the resort even though i really wanted to see some bits of the city etc. there was so much to do we never made it out! next time.nearly stayed at burj al arab and really glad i didn't - this is the only place to stay and is the best up market holiday experience i have ever had. i cannot imagine bettering this place if you are looking for luxury, sun and a little culture etc.will definitely be back - probably for 2 nights at the burj (just to see it) and 5 / 6 nights here. and we'll make it into the city next time!can't recommend this place enough	
Apr 21 2005	An amazing experience	Stayed three nights in a club executive room. Overall a smashing experience. The staff were amazing, the rooms beautiful and the view from the balcony excellent. The beach never got too busy and staff came around offering fruit cocktails, sorbet &amp; cucumber for your eyes. The rooms are well appointed, the rainfall shower is amazing - and the bed was the most comfortable i have ever slept in at a hotel. Views of Burj Al Arab by day and night are amazingFor food we tried Shimmers (Grill restaurent on the beach), and AlHambra (Spanish) at Al Qasr. Shimmers was excellent, Alhambra was average at best. Club executive allows you access to the exec room, with breakfast, afternoon tea and happy hour. Nice touch plus you get complimentary airport transfers. A few negatives: 1)Concierge not as helpful/friendly as other hotels. 2) you go to the Souk area you have to prove you are a resident to get back to the hotel. a bit tiresome. 3) If you are of Asian (indian/pakistani) descent some staff seem to think you are a visitor and not a resident. You can put them straight immediately - abit of harshness in such cases does wonders. Two nice touches: upon check in since our onward flight was at night we were immediately given late checkout without having to ask. The driver dropping us off at the airport (in a brand new 7series bmw) waited until we had gone through security before leaving.	
Apr 8 2005	Nice resort hotel but .....	Nice resort hotel, but need to train staff better. Reservation staff made wrong reservation, concierge was very unhelpful, porter took more than 15 minutes coming to our room to collect our baggage and waiter took wrong order in The Wharf Restaurant. Although, housekeeping staff was excellent. I hope their service improve to 5 star standard.	
Mar 20 2005	Madinat Resort	just to make it clear to members. madinat resort is made up of 3 hotels mina al salam, al qasr, and dar al masyaf. mina is the first level, al qasr is a step up from this and dar al masyaf (bungalows) is the top level .  the resort is excellent. all three hotels are outstanding. people who stay at jumeraih beach ALWAYS regret they didn't stay at the madinat resort. jumeraih beach resort is very coach tour in feel. madinat is more arabic and feels like a holiday place. service excellent, lots to do, great shopping eating area. good for kids too. very romantic as well. this resort is eveything for everybody who goes to dubai on holiday.have stayed in all the major hotels in dubai and this is my favourite.fortunate enough to stay this time in dar al masyaf ocean suites which are fantastic. on the beach, low rise, quiet, yet in the middle of the resort. ocean suites are far superior to the similarly priced rooms in burj al arab. (note; arabic suites are the same rooms but are not on beach, a liittle away from action but this may suit certain people.) al qasr is my second favourite and mina my third in dubai (but it is very close between all three) ; genuine arabic feel to these hotels.in summary all are fantastic but budget will depend which one you should stay at. all facilities are open to guests at all the three hotels - no differentiaion. looking forward to going back and frankly don't care which hotel i stay at. just want to be in the madinat resort.p.s. when i left for dubai, burj was top hotel on tripadvisor , jumeraih beach was second. couldn't believe this. must have been the weight of numbers going there. thing about dubai is wherever you stay the standard is very high and everyone loves it, so they always give 5 stars.	
Mar 17 2005	Two words I used that I have never used before...		
Mar 4 2005	The Best Hotel in the World!!!!!!!!		
Feb 3 2005	Fantastic Hotel		
Jan 16 2005	Fantastic New Year		
Dec 21 2004	In a class of its own		
Oct 25 2004	Fantastic		
Sep 4 2004	Mina A' Salaam - Perfection!!		
May 19 2004	understated luxury		
May 19 2004	genial		
Nov 17 2009 	Impresionante		
Oct 23 2009 	Super Hotel und Anlage		
Sep 23 2009 	????????????????????????		
Sep 16 2009 	Le mille e una notte...		
Aug 23 2009 	?????????????????		
Jun 4 2009 	Accoglienza pessima		
May 28 2009 	Fantastique		
Apr 13 2009 	A la altura de lo esperado y esperábamos mucho.		
Mar 14 2009	???????????????		
Feb 22 2009 	excellent sejour		
Jan 29 2009 	?????????????		
Oct 4 2008	Eccezionale		
Sep 24 2008	????????		
Aug 20 2008 	splendide		
Aug 4 2008 	Suuper Luxuriös		
May 16 2008 	Il miglior servizio del mondo		
May 15 2008 	stupendo ed indimenticabile soggiorno		
May 1 2008 	hotel da mille e una notte		
Oct 2 2007 	Ein tolles Hotel		
Sep 17 2007 	honeymoon al mina a salam		
Jul 17 2007 	Meraviglia		
