Oct 26 2009 	Good hotel - pleasant stay	This is a 3 star hotel and I think it is priced reasonably. Rooms are basic and are clean and comfortable and have plenty of space. I followed the advice from a tripadvisor review and requested a room on 5th floor or above and had no issues with noise.I wanted the staff to recommend places and give advice on where to go, which they couldn't. Logged onto the internet and read some reviews instead so not a huge problem. Just think that these little things add to service.Rooms are cleaned daily and staff were polite. Must be a new pool guy now as he was very friendly. The one day we used the pool he did shut it at 5.30 however. Went to the beach all other days anyway. Restaurant - breakfast had different items daily was perfectly fine. Don't drink the coffee though. We were half board - check this with your agent as they tried to give us breakfast and lunch and we had to get our agent to fix this. Food was fine - staff were pleasant. We were the only people eating dinner - heard that they stopped the dinner buffet due to complaints.Location - bad for most tourist attractions e.g Jumeirah beach side - costs about £10 each way to Jumeirah in a cab. Metro is unfinished so can use to get to a few places only. Close to Gold Souk, Aviation club and a beach park.Bar guy and girl in the bar at the pool are lovely. We got ushered into Patriots (the ground floor entertainment room!) a couple of times by the staff. The first time we stuck our heads in and then quickly left - cheesy girls dancing on stage. The second time we'd had a few drinks in Carter's (Wafi Mall - nice bar) so actually sat down. I found it too embarassing and left a couple of sips into my drink. hahahaAgree with a previous review - the aircon in the rooms is really bad - it basically blasts freezing cold air for 5 min stretches to bring the room temperature down. Meant you had to either turn the aircon to a higher temp ot turn it off and boil, or put a cardi on! Dubai as a whole LOVES aircon - I hated being indoors as it was colder than in England - also meant that I developed a cold after a day due to the constant extremes of temperature. My no. 1 piece of advice - bring plenty of cropped trousers, and conservative dresses and t-shirts. My usual summer wear (knee length / floor length halter neck or strappry dresses / shorts) attracted way too much attention from the men in the area around the hotel. Plus carry a cardigan and wear trousers / jeans if you intend to go to shopping malls. I was told by a friend that you can wear anything you'd normally wear, in Dubai - you pretty much can but it ruins your day if you have groups of men constantly staring at you (probably thinking you are a prostitute).Places to visit:Malls: All the major big ones - Dubai Mall and Emirates Mall the best I think.Drinking - Best find was the Dubai Aviation club - very rare to find outdoor drinking in dubai and this was wonderful. Also you can find Irish Village - an Irish bar here.Try also Carter's (Wafi Mall - has an outside terrace and links to a couple of other bars), Mai Tai on Dubai Marina - near to the free Jumeirah beach.I would recommend this hotel as a cheap option - but would prob try to stay in the more aesthetically pleasing west Dubai (around Jumeirah) if I were to visit again - as far as budget allows anyway ;-)p.s. as per previous reviews - no-one can pronounce the name of the hotel (Ver-Say-Les is the most common but not always recognised proniunciation). No taxi drivers know where the hotel is - say it's near Taj Palace (thanks for that tip!).	
Sep 8 2009 	Good	The service there was quite good, the staff is polite. The room is good enough but I didn't like the air in the room and the way the air conditioner worked. The location is great, in the evening you can find any kind of restaurant nearby and besides not far from it there are a lot of shpping malls.	
Jul 23 2009 	Ok hotel for the price we paid	We had a stop-over for 2 nights at the hotel (me, my husband and 4 year old child). The hotel was clean, relatively comfortable - typical standard 3 star, nothing more, nothing less...Staff was friendly and helpful, aprat from the guy who worked at the swimming pool...He was a bit unfriendly for some reason. The pool closes at 6 pm, which is not very handy, considering that it's so hot outside and leaving pool open till 8-9pm would me much more appropriate for the guests of the hotel. But what can you do..? Restarant was a bit dissapointing. Not cheap, but food was not very nice. We had much better lunch at the shopping centre food court than dinner in the hotel's restarant. So i wouldn't recommend it for dinner. Breakfast was ok, as it was mentioned by someone already- if you only paid for continental breakfast- make sure you dont eat anything from the &quot;buffet&quot; food, otherwise you'll be charged. Location of the hotel is pretty good. Overall, it's an ok hotel for 2-3 days to stay in if you are not planning to spend all your days in the hotel.Last but not least- it wasn't noisy at all as some reviews say here...Maybe because we were on level 5...But it was quite up there.	
Apr 10 2009 	Good value for money!	We were a family of 16 staying at Versailles. We were all very pleased with the excellent service we got. The staff were polite and helpful. Shuttlebus to the beach every day was convenient. The only thing we found annoying was the noise from the nightclubs. Ask for rooms in the fifth floor. There were some prostitutes hanging around at a street not far from the hotel, but none inside the hotel. We felt very safe in the area, also late at night. The taxidrivers did not know were to find the hotel, but they knew how to find Taj Palace which is just around the corner. One tips for the holiday: the taxidrivers get paid pr. kilometer and can get very unpolite when you need just a short ride (one of them just drove leaving us standing there when he found out were we were going )Let them know you can pay a bit extra if it is important for you to get a ride.	
Mar 19 2009 	Excellent Hotel and Staff	Good location close to Deira city center if you love shopping,if you want to save up a bit go to pick and save,just ask for JR and he will point you to the direction, staff are very helpful and friendly .they look after their guest very well, the rooms are clean and the food are great .The trevel agent at the travel desk will help you to all the excursions that you desire, Dont miss the desert safari ,a trip to Atlantis resort at Jumeira palm and the tour of Dubai.	
Mar 5 2009 	Great value	Stayed here in january of this year and had a very pleasant time. The staff couldn't have been friendlier and as my girlfriend wanted an early check in they obliged with no complaints. Rooms were clean and cleaned daily and bathroom good size. For a budget hotel you couldn't ask for more. Only problems were, don't bother booking a trabsfer from the hotel as they don't turn up, pool is nice but lifeguard is very very strict (as in tells you off for wearing wrong swimming shorts and moving loungers). Also DO NOT go in nightclubs.....very, very strange places (loads of other good places to go for a drink in Dubai). All in all though it was a great stay.	
Jan 14 2009 	Don't economise on accommodation in Dubai - stay anywhere else but here!	Rude front-of-house staff, hairs on the pillow and a long wait to check in, don't put yourself through this! Neither the Emirates chauffeur desk nor the chauffeur had heard of Versailles Hotel in old Dubai despite it only being 10 minutes' drive from T3; that was the first clue that we had made a poor choice of accommodation.The promise of early check in - false! We arrived at 06:30 having been on a 17-hour flight and were told we were too early for early check in but should have a room at about 9am. We overheard the receptionist complaining the next morning that guests arriving early should pay for the half day before standard check in; turns out our room was ready when we arrived but we were refused immediate entry by the receptionist on a power trip. What a warm welcome!Have a cup of tea while you wait for your room - but if you accept they insist you forfeit your breakfast the next day. Also, the breakfast buffet isn't included in the room rate - breads and cereals are included in b&amp;b tariff but are intermingled with cooked foods - put the cooked foods on your plate and you will be charged an additional fee.The room - when we eventually were shown to it is spacious enough but could do with new carpet. No tea/coffee making facilities. Hairs on pillow - I suspect a staff member on his break snoozed there before we got the key...Bathroom - mouldy shower curtain and grouting, dimly lit, hairs in bath, not at all pleasant. Sleep tight? I don't think so! The night club base starts thumping at 10pm and stops around 3am, so you'll get maybe 2 hours' sleep before the dawn call to prayer sounds out across the city, shortly after this the car horns start their chorus. The rubber sealing on both windows was partially missing so the windows didn't shut fully. Living in a quiet coastal town and having spent time in Paihia before Dubai, we found the noise very intrusive.Any plus points? The food is reasonably priced (roughly 70 Dirhams for 2 main course meals and 2 bottles of beer) and tasty, freshly cooked. Breakfast selection is extensive and for the most part, tasty. Honesty of restaurant staff is commendable; we had been accidentally short changed by 5 dirhams and the waiter came to our room less than 10 minutes later to apologise profusely for his error - we hadn't even checked the change and were completely taken aback at his honesty. If it hadn't been for this we would only have awarded one star.You will only experience the Dubai of the brochures if you can afford the upper end of the accommodation options at Jumeirah Beach, or stay in a mainstream hotel - Sheraton, Hilton and Radisson are all within a couple of blocks of Versailles.	
Nov 24 2008 	Stressful experience	We stayed at this hotel due to the good value and proximity to airport - we were staying in Dubai overnight to catch a connecting flight the following morning. On arrival we immediately asked staff to book a taxi and told them what time we need to be at the airport. I asked how long it would take to get there and was informed approx 15 minutes. The next day the taxi never arrived at the agreed time, despite repeated calls by reception staff to the taxi company while we waited in reception. They kept assuring us the taxi would arrive but it was getting too late and we feared missing our flight. We were also advised by the staff not to go outside to try to hail a taxi as it was very unlikely we would find one as there wasn't many around, plus it was extremely hot to be dragging our luggage through the streeet. I dont understand why there is such a taxi shortage in this part of the city. We ended up going out onto the street and asking a stranger to drive us to the airport, we were very lucky a man on his way to work agreed to take us. Otherwise the hotel was clean and comfortable for the price we paid.	
Nov 18 2008 	Not worth it	Give me a break - this hotel does NOT deserve a 4.5 ranking.I had a very nice room on the club floor #3, but there were major problems:1. The night clubs keep you awake until 3am !!!2. There was no warm water3. The advertized fitness room does not exist4. Breakfast not included5. Location really hard to find. It took me about an hour with my rental6. Aircondition noisy7. Service is bad. &quot;I don't care attitude&quot;After the first night I had to move out again. There are a lot better hotels in that area for about the same price. Pay a little bit more (if you even have to) - it is worth it !!!	
Oct 27 2008	Aceptable hotel	The location of this hotel is very good. But it's a simple hotel, not very modern. It's aceptable. There is a bar on the underground and somethimes you can hear the noisy, but it's ok. If you don't want to enjoy the hotel, it's enough.	
Sep 5 2008 	Great value	Appreciate the permitted early check-in without any extra charge.Location is fairly good which only need 10 mins driving from Airport. The popular Burger King/Mcdonalds and nearest shopping centre is only 3~5 mins in walking. The only hassle is for geting a taxi from the hotel.	
Mar 25 2008 	Great value clean and friendly	I booked online based on reviews and photos I had seen. We had a double room half board. The room itself was clean and comfortable with tv and mini bar ( a godsend in a country where alcohol isn't readily available). Towels and sheets regularly changed and the bathroom was clean with constant hot water. The breakfast was okay but lunch and dinner were fabulous with lots of choice and reasonably priced. Room service was prompt and inexpensive. The lower bars/discos had slightly dubious ladies for entertainment (although the belly dancer was great) but the roof bar was fab. It opened from 6pm to 4am and had a pool table, music and quiz machine. The drinks weren't badly priced £2 for a bottle of beer and about £2.50 for spirits. The pool was very clean (if a little cold) and the jacuzzi beside it was lovely. The pool area had sunshine until about 4.30pm which was great. The hotel was in walking distance of various restaurants, shops and fast food joints aswell as several other hotels. The staff were friendly and helpful. Didn't see any evidence of free shuttle services but taxis are very cheap anyway. Although the hotel one was more expensive than a hailed one, it was reliable. We paid about 70 per night half board although you could do b&amp;b and buy food as you go because it's so reasonable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone on a budget as for me the only improvement would have been a bar which opened in the day !!	
Mar 21 2007 	Dubai 2006!!!!	I stayed at the versailles for 6 days in the middle of April in 2006. Having arrived from heathrow at 6am- I was tired to say the least, but the staff at the hotel were more than helpful offering free drinks and snacks upon my arrival. I wasn't supposed to be cheking into my room until 2pm, but the front desk moved heaven and earth so I was in my room by 9am!!!! So that gave extra time to explore the surroundings, pizza hut and burger king nearby, what more could I have asked for!!! In the evenings the hotel arranged courtesy buses to and from the various malls around Dubai (I would advise taking alot of cash/ credit cards as it is very hard to resist walking past luis vuitton/ prada and not buying something just to be given a prada shopping bag!!!) I also took advantage of the FREE shuttle buses to Jumeriah beach- although having to pay to go on the beach isn't something I am used to. Also recommended is a trip to Wild Wadi water park, right under the shadow of the Burj Al Arab (Robbie williams was staying there whilst I was there as he had a concert in Dubai that week) The hotel itself was very clean and to top things off, it was one of the few hotels that had its own pool (very handy when it's 45 degrees!!)my room was very modern and clean, the bathroom looked like it had just been redecorated too. And 6 nights for only £300 very good value for money. I would recommend this hotel to young toursists as it offers bus services to and from the highlights that Dubai has to offer. I would easily go back there gievn the chance and hope to someday. The photos are taken from the Versailles Hotel's website	
Jul 4 2006	Nowoner they loss one of their stars	I have recently returned from a 5 night stay in Dubai with 4 of my female friends. The city is lovely however our hotel left me less impressed. At first impressions its okay, but wait untill you look what is in your bed sheets....lets just say some one extremely hairy slept in my bed before. Our bathroom had parts of the celing missing and the TV and fridge was sometimish. The breakfast didn't have a lot of variaty however it was tasty. On the plus side some of the staff were friendly and helpful.However i wouldn't stay here again especially if you are with girls, as alot of Arab business men stay here, and they are not used to women who are not fully covered....and so they can seem like perverts.	
Jun 2 2006	Excellent Value Great Service!	I would give this hotel 10/10 for a 3* hotel. Its in a great location, ideal for shopping and eating, the staff are very welcoming and they tell you the services on offer like the free trips they do everyday to the beach and the shopping malls without any extra cost. They even offer a complimentary shuttle service to the airport when you check out which was very handy. All the staff were pleasant and only to happy to help, the room was very clean and spacious and the bathroom was well equipt and clean. There was a mini bar in the room, but no tea and coffee making facilites, there was a pool on the roof which was very clean and nice. I would definately stay here again and there was a wide choice in the breakfast, inwhich you could eat as much as you like as it was a buffet breakfast!!!! i stayed with my friend and we are in out 20's but there were families and older couples as well as young people too so it catered for a wide variety.	
Feb 19 2006	would definitely stay again	We stayed here for 6 nights in Feb 2006. We paid only £55/night through an online Sharjah-based travel agent. The staff were friendly and attentive at least when we interacted with them. They even allowed us to check in early at 5am without any fuss or extra charge. The room was clean and we were impressed with the clean and modern bathroom at this price. There was however a noisy nightclub on the 1st floor (typical of many hotels in this area) which was open until 3am. We were able to fall sleep before this but we were on the 4th floor and could still hear some small but bearable low pitch boom. We would definitely stay here again for the same price of £55/night. It is located very near Al Rigga Road which is an excellent location with many places to eat: McDonalds, Burger King, Pizza Hut, KFC, Dunkin Donuts, Baskin Robbins and HagenDasz cafe- there are also many Middle Eastern restaurants- Automatic, Beirut etc. and is where we always try to be near. There are other hotels but even if you don't stay at this hotel we would definitely avoid the K-Porte Inn.	
Feb 17 2006	Worst hotel ever	The rooms are very small, security lock was broken and staff did not help with it. I stayed here for 2 days and no one came to clean the room.The water you get in the bathrooms are at boiling temperature and no cold water available so if you are planning to stay in this hotel beware of this and do not burn yourself to get clean.There is a nighclub and when they start the music you cannot sleep.	
